


The Wolves of Vimar

Book 1

The Wolf Pack

V.M.Sang




Copyright© 2013VMSang

All rights reserved worldwide
All persons in this work are entirely fictitious
Any resemblance to any person is entirely coincidental.




To my Children

Diane and Richard
Table of Contents

The Continent of Khalram map
Prologue
Chapter 1  Prophecy
Chapter 2  Flood
Chapter 3  Basalt
Chapter 4  Grief
Chapter 5  Kidnapped
Chapter 6  Horselords
Chapter 7  Hambara
Chapter 8  Thief
Chapter 9  Thad
Chapter 10 Asphodel
Chapter 11 Exile
Chapter 12 Job Hunting
Chapter 13 Practical
Chapter 14 Yssalithissandra
Chapter 15 Training
Chapter 16 Quest
Chapter 17 Research
Chapter 18 Translation
Chapter 19 Decisions
Interlude 1
Chapter 20 Followed
Chapter 21 Attack
Chapter 22 Roffley
Chapter 23 Wolf
Chapter 24 Mountains
Chapter 25 Yeti
Chapter 26 Valley
Chapter 27 Tomb
Interlude 2
Chapter 28 Hobgoblins
Chapter 29 Shepherd
Chapter 30 Quantissarillishon
Chapter 31 Bandits
Chapter 32 Home
Chapter 33 Nandala
Chapter 34 Yssa
Epilogue
Appendeces 
About the Author
  


THE CONTINENT OF KHALRAM

PROLOGUE

The Most High of Kalhera looked at his visitor.
‘This is most irregular. What you propose is possible, but forbidden.’
The magister replied, ‘I realise that, Your Holiness. That’s why I’ve come to see you. I need your permission to perform the rite, and to provide a cleric who can do it.’
‘You would deny Kalhera some souls. She doesn’t like that, you know. If you deny her these, she will demand some others in recompense. That is the way.’
The magister looked the Most High in the eye. He held the gaze of the other as he told him, ‘It will not be for all time.’
He held up his hand as the Most High opened his mouth to speak. ‘I cannot say for how long these souls will be denied to Kalhera.’ he went on, ‘It may be a few years, or it may be millennia. Your Holiness, I have had a dream. Sometime in the future these souls will be returned to Kalhera. Please grant me permission to perform the rite.’
The Most High looked at the magister and then he rose. ‘I will go and commune with Kalhera. If she permits it, I will grant you both your requests, permission to perform the rite and a cleric to perform it. I believe it requires both a Cleric of Death and a mage?’
With that, the Most High of Kalhera, Goddess of Death and the Underworld left the room through a door obscured by a black curtain.
‘Symbolic, I suppose,’ thought the magister.
They carried the body of their king across the land and over the mountains until they reached the place he had asked to be his final resting-place. It was a beauteous place. A deep, forested valley surrounded by high mountains and with a steaming lake in the bottom. The lake was fed by water from deep within the volcanic mountains and was a warm and pleasant temperature. It had been the king’s favourite place in the entire world, albeit not in his own lands. It was here that he had met his true love. She was not mortal, but his love had been reciprocated and he wished to be near her in death.
The king was buried in a burial mound that they prepared, and then they prepared two others, one on each side. They interred their king with due ceremony for all there were only fourteen of them there. The magister had half expected a fifteenth, but then she may have been watching from hiding, as she was shy of people. He looked at the others.
‘Are you all ready?’ the elven magister asked the assembled young warriors.
‘Yes!’ they chorused.
He looked round the group of twelve. They were so young. He had asked for volunteers, and they were all more than eager. At the beginning, that was. Now one or two of them seemed more than a little afraid. Not that he could blame them. He was asking a very frightening thing of them. He noticed the youngest of them was visibly trembling. He was a lad of only sixteen turns of the sun, and yet he had volunteered readily enough when asked. The old elf sighed. Better give them one last chance to change their minds. He hoped that not too many did or maybe there would not be sufficient for the task. Certainly twelve was the recommended number, but maybe less would suffice.
‘There is no censure to any who wish to change their minds. It is a fearsome thing you are volunteering to do.’
One member of the group looked at the youngest. ‘Are you all right, Bry?’ he said. ‘No one will think you a coward if you withdraw.’
‘Maybe not, but I would,’ replied the young man. ‘I said I’d do it, and do it I will.’
‘So be it,’ the mage said. ‘Form the circle.’
The twelve young men formed a circle around the mage and the cleric of Kalhera, who had also accompanied them on their journey. They drew their swords and knelt, sword tips on the ground and hands clasped over the hilts. They bowed their heads.
The young man known as Bry closed his eyes. He did not know what was to happen, only the outcome. His fear was almost palpable. The others felt it too, but they were all warriors, and none of them, not even Bry, allowed it to affect their determination to go through with it. Bry heard the cleric begin his chant in the centre of the circle, and then the mage joined with a chant of his own. The two chants seemed to weave around each other, in and out until the two men seemed to be chanting one chant.
‘A bit like a choir singing in harmony,’ Bry thought.
He felt a little strange, light headed almost, and then there was a sudden wrenching pain, which seemed to be accompanied by a crack. It was gone almost as soon as he felt it and he wondered if the spell had failed. He dared to open his eyes. Yes, something had gone wrong for there were his companions still kneeling in place. He glanced down at himself. Yes, there were his hands grasping his sword. But just a moment! What was that lying in front of him? With horror, he realised it was his own body. The spell had worked after all. He was dead, but his soul was tied to Vimar. He would remain here to guard the body of his King until the prophesied time came.
The group of twelve warriors looked at their bodies. A little sadly, thought Bry. He himself was thinking of all the things he had not done in his sixteen years. He would never now marry and have the love and companionship of a woman, never hear his children and grandchildren laughing and playing. Never again eat a good meal or get drunk with his companions. For centuries to come he would patrol this lake and the hidden tomb in the caves below, protecting them from harm until the eight came. The Wolves.





PART 1


MEETINGS
CHAPTER 1

PROPHECY

The half-elf leafed through the book that he was studying. He was due to take the tests to end his apprenticeship soon. Mabryl, his master and adopted father had sent off to the Mage Tower in Hambara asking for the young man to be considered for the tests at the next opportunity. He was a tall, handsome young man, just over six feet with shoulder-length auburn hair, a closely trimmed beard and eyes of an intense blue. He was sitting in the study at the home of Mabryl in Bluehaven, which was situated on the south coast of the land of Grosmer. With him were Mabryl's other two apprentices, 14 year old Tomac and 16 year old Emmienne. Tomac pushed a lock of his unruly dark hair out of his eyes.
'I think that's the Master coming in now, Carthinal,' he said. 'You'd better get looking as though you've been doing something instead of moping around waiting for that letter, or you'll be in trouble.'
Just as he said this, the door opened and Mabryl entered shaking his cloak out as he did so.
'It's cold out there,' he said, 'and it's turning to snow if I'm not much mistaken. Unusual this far south.' He turned to his three apprentices. 'Have you finished the tasks I set you?' he asked as he hung his cloak on a stand by the door. Carthinal stood up and walked over to the fire, putting a fresh log on to the flames.
'Come and get warm, and, no I've not finished. I can't seem to settle down to anything until I hear about whether I can take the tests soon. I think Emmienne has finished though. I can't say about Tomac.'
'Nearly,' replied Tomac, jumping down from his chair and carrying his workbook to his master. 'I was a little stuck on the moon phases though. It's complicated trying to work out both moons at the same time.'
'Stick to it, youngster,' came from Emmienne on the window seat. She grinned across at the younger boy, the grin lighting up her otherwise rather plain face. 'I had problems too, but it comes eventually.'
Tomac groaned and went back to his seat.
'I've finished though, Sir,' she said. 'I've learned that new spell you gave me and am sure I can make it work. When can I try it?'
Mabryl laughed. 'Such enthusiasm. We'll try it out tomorrow, I think. In the meantime, I've made what I think may be a big discovery. Perhaps the most important one for many, many years. Look,' and he put an ancient looking book on the table. The three apprentices gathered round.
'I think it may be a spell book from before the Forbidding,' he went on.
Emmienne gasped. 'That is old, and if it is, we'll be able to find lost spells. You'll be famous, Sir.'
'Calm down, Emm. It may not be the spell-book of a magister, or even an arch-mage,' smiled Carthinal. 'It may have just the spells we already know and not any of the lost ones.'
Just over seven hundred years previously there had been a war between conflicting mages. It had caused such devastation and hardship to everyone that the king had forbidden the use of magic on pain of death, and all spell books were ordered to be burned. Some, however, had been rescued and these came to light occasionally. During this time, much knowledge had been lost and there were mages working to try to re-discover the lost spells. If this book were to be of use, it would need to be taken to one of these mages.
Just then the door opened and Lillora, Mabryl's housekeeper entered.
'Sorry to disturb you, sir,' she said, 'but a bird arrived a few minutes ago. I thought you should know.' She glanced towards Carthinal and smiled. 'Probably nothing important though,' she teased.
'I'll come and look then,' replied the mage and left the three apprentices to their own devices.
Carthinal picked up the book and began to leaf through it. He could understand little of what was written there. Firstly it was in an archaic script and language, and secondly he was as yet only an apprentice and had not the knowledge to understand more than a limited number of spells. He frowned as he tried to read the words on the page. He lifted the book from the table to take it nearer to the light when a loose page fell onto the floor. He stooped to pick it up. He realised as he looked at it that he could read it, unlike the rest of the book, and that it was not a page that had fallen out, but a note that had been inserted there. He took it to the window seat and sat down by Emmienne to read it.
'What's that?' asked the brown-haired girl, straining to read it upside down.
'I'm not sure,' replied Carthinal, wrinkling his brow. 'It fell out of this book that Mabryl has bought but it doesn't seem to be the same writing, nor is it in the same archaic script. It's a note of some kind.' He paused to read it.
Just then, Mabryl came back holding a piece of paper in his hand.
'It's good news, Carthinal,' he told the young man. 'There is a space for you to take your tests in the next batch, which take place just before Grillon's Day. That's in about five sixdays time so we'll need to leave here in three sixdays to allow us time to settle in before your ordeal.' He saw that Carthinal was holding a paper. 'What's that you've got there?' he queried.
'It fell out of the book you bought,' replied Carthinal. 'It doesn't seem to be by the author of the book though. It's in a more modern script that I can read. It doesn't make much sense though.' He handed it to the other man who read it, then read it again, this time out loud.

'“When Kalhera descends from the mountains, and orcs once more roam the land,
When impossible beasts occur and the never-dying man is once more at hand.
Then the Sword that was lost must once more be found; only it can destroy the threat
And kill the immortal mortal to balance out his debt.”

Well,' he continued, 'it seems a rather random thing to write and it doesn't make a lot of sense. How can Kalhera descend from the mountains? She's a god and the gods don't come down to Vimar.'
He turned the page in his hand and saw some more writing on the back. 'This says that it is a quotation from something that the writer heard and wrote down. The author says he visited the Oracle on the Holy Island and this was what he was told the oracle had said earlier in the day, but to no one in particular. Only the attendants were present it seems.'
He replaced the paper in the book on the table and turned to Carthinal.
'We must take this to a colleague of mine in the Mage Tower when we go,' he continued. 'She is working on finding the old spells, I believe and this may be of use to her. The loose note may be a prophecy if it came from the Oracle, but who knows when it was made? It could be that it was centuries ago, or yesterday; and it could be referring to a time well in the future or even in the past. I think we should ignore it for now. Lillora says that our lunch is almost ready, so I suggest we go to the table before she gets mad.'
So the three apprentices forgot all about the book and the note as they enjoyed Mabryl's housekeeper's excellent cooking. After the meal they returned to their studies. Mabryl gave them all tasks to complete and then went out again to visit the Duke of Bluehaven, who was an old friend of his, taking the book with him.

Duke Danu of Bluehaven had trained at the Mage Tower in his youth. He had some talent for magic, but with the death of his elder brother in an epidemic he had to take over the duties and preparation for becoming the Duke one day. He had never taken the tests to end his apprenticeship, but he retained an interest in magic and still practiced it in a small way. 'To keep my hand in.' he told people.
Today he was sitting in his study going over the accounts of the duchy when a knock came at the door.
'Arch-mage Mabryl to see you, sir,' said his butler.
'Send him in, then,' replied Danu, rising from his seat and walking over to clasp Mabryl in a hug. 'You've not been to visit in some while, my friend,' he scolded the other man. 'Busy with your three apprentices, I suppose.'
Mabryl smiled at his friend. 'Yes, they do keep me busy. Carthinal is ready to take his tests and become a full mage now.'
'Is that so?' Duke Danu raised an eyebrow. 'Doesn't time fly? Hardly seems any time at all when you took that scruffy little urchin in off the streets. Everyone thought you were mad, you know. Taking a street child to be your apprentice; and then adopting him? Well, it seems we were wrong. He's turning out all right.'
'Considering his background, yes. He still has his faults and I can't say there weren't times when I agreed with you that I'd done the wrong thing. But I didn't come here to talk about Carthinal. I've made a discovery and I want your opinion.' He pulled the spell-book out of a bag at his side. 'I'm going to take this to Yssa at the Mage Tower when I take Carthinal. She will be the best to decide how important it is.' He handed the book to Danu.
The Duke whistled. 'This is important, Mabryl. I can't read it, but it certainly looks like a spell-book to me. It's old and could easily date to before the Forbidding.' He picked up the note that was still between its pages. 'What's this?' he asked.
'A little note that was in the book. Carthinal found it. It doesn't seem to belong to the book though, and I've thought it could be a hoax. Someone putting a seeming prophecy in an important old book.'
'Maybe, but I don't think so. Some research I've been doing suggests that Grosmer is about to face some danger. This may be a prophecy about that. I would suggest you take it to Rollo in Hambara when you go. His library is much more extensive than mine is and he can find out more. I've been in touch with him about this possible danger so he knows a little of what I suspect.'
'I don't know Duke Rollo,' Mabryl replied. 'He may not believe me. I've heard he's a suspicious man. I think that this note maybe a hoax even if you don't. I'll need to prove that I've come from you.'
'I'll write you a letter to give to him,' Danu said going over to his desk and picking up his pen. 'I'll also give you this.' He picked up a small statuette of a trotting horse about three inches long and two high that sat on his desk. 'It’s one of a pair that we found in our adventuring days. He has the other. He'll know that I've sent you when he sees that, especially if you ask him about the other one. Now, sit down and I'll get some wine for us to drink while we talk about other things.'
So the two old friends passed the afternoon remembering past times and gossiping about the goings on in the city of Bluehaven as the afternoon passed into evening and the Duke's work lay unfinished on the desk.
CHAPTER 2

FLOOD

The wagons that comprised the caravan from Bluehaven to Hambara entered the ford that crossed the Brundella River. Carthinal and Mabryl were sitting next to the driver on the leading wagon and chatting amiably about this and that. Just as they neared the farther shore Carthinal heard a roaring sound and looked upstream. There, rushing towards them was a wall of water.
He immediately jumped off the wagon into the river, shouting at the same time to Mabryl to jump. He landed just as the floodwaters hit the caravan. He managed to pull himself to his feet and grab the branch of an overhanging tree to prevent the water from sweeping him downstream. From there he pulled himself to the shore.
As soon as he felt dry land under his feet he turned to look back at the river to see if anyone else had escaped the rushing water. A scene of devastation met his eyes. The river was rushing past taking with it the rest of the caravan. The screams of terrified people and horses filled the air. A shaft had penetrated one horse’s side and the river was red with its blood as the panicked creature tried to escape its harness. Heads appeared and disappeared, never to rise again. Children screamed for their mothers, wives for their husbands, all against the background of the roaring water.
Carthinal stood helplessly watching the swirling water to see if he could help anyone who had managed to escape, and especially Mabryl, his adoptive father, when he spied a young elf in the white robes of a cleric of Sylissa. She was miraculously struggling towards the shore, but a wave suddenly swept her off her feet. As luck would have it, the wave seemed to push her closer to the shore where Carthinal could safely wade out and help her to dry land.
The floodwater seemed to subside as quickly as it had arrived, leaving a much wider and deeper Brundella with treacherous currents. There was no chance of re-crossing.
Shortly, Carthinal spotted Mabryl tangled up in some bushes on this side of the river. The young mage strode out into the floodwater and managed to pull the older man to the bank. He then reached into the bushes and, with a wince, pulled Mabryl’s staff out. It had hurt his hand because it was a magical device that knew its owner and resented anyone else touching it. He placed it next to his teacher.

The elven healer bent over the injured Mabryl. She looked up as Carthinal spoke.
‘There must be something more you can do.’ He spoke impatiently as he came to crouch by her side.
‘I’m doing all I can,’ she sighed. ‘He’d been in the water for too long in this cold before we found him and he has taken a bad knock to his head from being swirled along in the freezing water. I’m not yet an expert healer, just a novice, and have only simple healing abilities. Nor have I the strength required to perform the healing that he really needs. He needs the expert care and attention of at least a vicar of Sylissa.’
The mage got to his feet slowly. ‘I apologise for my curtness. He’s my teacher, but also a father and a dear friend to me.’
He gazed towards the northeast. Somewhere over the horizon were the Mountains of Doom, where the Brundella rose amidst those snow-covered peaks. He remembered the prophecy on the paper that he'd found in Mabryl's book. Kalhera, goddess of death, had indeed come suddenly from the melting snows. Who would have thought that the snow would be melting as early as this? It was not spring for another month. 
He looked behind him at the swollen river. The Brundella was flowing swiftly and with treacherous currents. There was no sign of the ford that their caravan had been crossing when the melt-waters caused the river to become a raging torrent. Normally, the Brundella was a peaceful river, and the ford one of the safest ways to cross on the road from Bluehaven in the south to Hambara in the north. However, once a year, when the snows melted in the Mountains of Doom to the east, it became impassable as the melt-waters rushed down on their way to the Inner Sea, creating deep water with treacherous currents. In the flood times the caravans took the much longer route to the west, over the bridge near the Mistmere and skirted the Dead Marshes with all its dangers.
The young mage approached the elf again, holding out his hand.
‘We’d better introduce ourselves if we are to continue together,’ he said, ‘I’m Carthinal.’
The elf stood, wiped her hands on her white robe and took his hand in hers.
‘Asphodel,’ she replied, reaching out her own hand and grasping that of the other. She looked towards the unconscious man lying on the bank. ‘Our patient cannot be moved yet, so we will have to remain here for a while, but you are right, we will have to travel together. I only wish there were more of us. My knowledge is mainly healing, and I don’t suppose that you have much magical power as you are only wearing the tawny red of an apprentice.’ 
Carthinal appraised her. ‘Yes,’ he thought, ‘She’s right, but I must try. Mabryl must get to a healer. Then there's the prophecy. Maybe this is the meaning of the first part and now is the time it was referring to.'
Asphodel was very young and was most certainly what she said, a novice only. Her almond-shaped grey eyes however had a steely glint that suggested a strong determination. Carthinal looked at her. She was, like all elves, slender and beautiful and about five feet five inches tall. Her long black hair was tied back with a scarlet leather thong so that it did not get in her way when healing. She wore the white robes that denoted her calling as a cleric of Sylissa, goddess of healing, tied with a scarlet sash, which showed that she was a novice. Around her neck hung the symbol of Sylissa, a silver triskel, a three-armed figure that denoted life.
‘We must have a fire if we are to stay here for a while’ said Carthinal. ‘I can manage a simple spell to light one, but first I must go and gather some wood, if there is anything still dry around here. Will you be all right? I won’t go out of earshot and you must call if you hear or see anything. The gods only know who or what might be around seeking plunder or dinner from the aftermath of that flood.’
‘Go then. I have some food in my pack, albeit precious little. We can share it when we have a fire.’
Asphodel began to rummage in her pack, glancing back at Carthinal as he went to the woods. He was certainly a handsome fellow, around six feet tall she estimated, and she had been unable to avoid noticing his eyes, which were a deep, almost indigo, blue.
She busied herself with finding the food and pushing aside thoughts of the handsome stranger.
‘Water will not be a problem, at least,’ she thought ruefully.
Asphodel kept her eyes and ears open as Carthinal had suggested. Her sight and hearing were well above those of humans, being an elf. To the south, through the trees, she could hear the rushing of the still swollen river. She sighed and put some dried fruit and nuts carefully to one side while she reached into her pack to retrieve the dried meat she had. It would not go far, and they would have to ration it carefully. Carthinal no doubt had some of his own in his pack, as would Mabryl, but the journey would take longer now. They would be very hungry when they arrived—if they made it at all. She hurriedly squashed those thoughts also.
Glancing over at her unconscious patient to ensure he was all right, Asphodel walked through the few trees towards the river, a mere dozen or so yards, with a metal container in her hand. It was her intention to get some water so that she could begin to soak the meat and vegetables to make into a stew. She was just bending to dip her pan into the water when she heard her name called from the camp. She straightened up and looked back to where Carthinal was striding towards her through the trees.
‘I thought at first that something was wrong,’ he snapped, looking down at her. ‘Where did you go? Why did you leave Mabryl? You should have waited until I came back so that you could tell me where you were going, and I could have stayed with Mabryl. You could have been attacked here, and so could he!’
‘I went to get some water so that I could prepare some food for us. Don’t begin ordering me around. I’m as likely to be attacked in our camp as here with you out of sight gathering wood, and if I had been, Mabryl would have been easy prey then. Anyway, I’m not completely defenceless. We clerics are taught the arts of self defence as soon as we enter holy orders, and before we are allowed to begin to travel, we have to learn one other weapon.’
‘Oh, and what “other weapon” have you learned then?’
Asphodel looked down, her defiance seeping away. ‘Well, I haven’t actually learned one yet. I was just changing temples and travelling to the one at Hambara. I’m not officially on the road as a healer, just another traveller trying to get safely from one place to another.’
Carthinal’s expression softened as he looked at her and he smiled slightly. This elf was the only hope that Mabryl had, and Carthinal’s only other companion for the continuing journey. He would try not to anger her as he just had. She was right. It was not his place to order her around; but the girl certainly had spirit. Not many stood up to him when he was angry. He wondered who she was. Novices did not usually change from one temple to another, as far as he knew. She seemed to know some healing, and she had certainly managed to stem the blood flow from Mabryl’s wounds, but then he was a mage and not a healer so what did he know of true healing? He turned and followed Asphodel back to their camp where he found her laying the sticks and kindling that he had brought back to make a fire.
Carthinal used an apprentice spell, known as a cantrip, used to teach beginner mages. He called for the mana and wove it to bring energy from the surroundings and increase the heat of the wood until he had a fine blaze going. After she had checked once more on her patient, Asphodel began to prepare the stew. She glanced across the fire at her companion.
‘He isn’t making any progress,’ she said, nodding towards Mabryl. ‘I’m very concerned about him. His blood loss was severe and the blow to his head very bad. On top of that, there was the severe cold in the river. It is going to be a problem moving him though. I don’t know how we can carry him, but we certainly can’t stay here.’
‘Maybe rest will help his progress,’ replied Carthinal, ‘but I think that we must get him to a temple as soon as possible. I once read about a thing called a travois. The Horselords of the plains use them to move things and injured people that are too heavy to carry. Of course, they have horses to pull them but I think I’m strong enough to pull one. It will mean frequent rests though, and progress will be very slow. Instead of four and a half days, I reckon that it will be at least a sixday with luck. I know that you’re not happy with the idea of moving him, but you can do little more for him by your own admission. I don’t see we have any choice. We’ll run out of food before long and so we must start to move if only because of that reason. We’ll be hungry before we get to Hambara, but hunger’s better than death by starvation.’
‘Yes, you’re right. We must press on, but let’s give Mabryl the rest of today at least before we move.’
Carthinal nodded. ‘Yes, of course. We both need time to come to terms with what’s happened, and anyway, I need to build that travois.’
Sometime later, Asphodel looked across the fire at Carthinal. They had each been sitting with their thoughts for a while. She reached out, put another three branches on to the fire, and stirred the broth that was hanging over it on a branch suspended from two other forked branches pushed into the ground. (Asphodel had wet the branches well in the water of the flooded river to prevent them from catching fire and depositing their meagre fare into the flames.) When it was cooked to an edible texture, she spooned some out into the wooden bowls that they each carried.
‘Some bread would have been nice, but a pauper must not hanker after the banquet of his lord.’
They ate their meagre rations and drank some of the water that Asphodel had boiled. It had cooled quickly in the cold air, but was far from pleasant, as it was still slightly warm. Asphodel walked over to where Mabryl was lying.
‘Please will you hold his head up while I try to get some of this broth into him, and some water?’ she asked Carthinal.
He walked over and gently lifted Mabryl’s head.
She hoped that some of the broth at least had managed to trickle down Mabryl’s throat when she massaged it to persuade him to swallow.
‘I’ll go and get the necessary branches to build the travois. There are plenty of them lying around after the flood and I’ll not be far,’ said Carthinal after they had eaten, and he once more went into the trees looking for wood, but this time, rather larger and stronger pieces.
He walked carefully in the trees, hardly making a sound as he picked over any promising pieces. He had found two branches, long and strong enough to make the main part of the travois and then searched for some smaller but strong ones to put as cross pieces
Asphodel was boiling some water to take with them, to ensure that it was clean of disease when Carthinal got back to the camp. Dirty water was known to be able to carry disease, but it was not known how it did so. The clerics of the healing arts knew that boiling it helped to reduce or eliminate the problem.
The rest of the day they spent sitting and talking, Asphodel tending Mabryl from time to time, and Carthinal working on the structure of his travois until the daylight was beginning to fade. It had been a long and tiring day from the morning when the water had swept down on their party from the hills and left them in their current predicament.
He had a little more left to do on the travois so he told Asphodel to get some rest and he would take first watch. They could then get on their way early in the morning, as they would not be able to make fast progress with Mabryl on the travois. Asphodel sank gratefully down by the side of the fire. The healing had been very tiring on her as well as all the stresses of the day. Carthinal made sure that there was a pile of wood ready to keep the fire burning, both for the warmth and to keep wild animals at bay, and then settled down to his task.
The first part of the night passed without incident. Just before midnight, as he was about to wake Asphodel, he heard a sound from the direction of Mabryl. He looked over, and saw that his mentor’s eyes were open.
He went over and Mabryl spoke in a voice that seemed to come from a long way away. ‘Carthinal,’ he whispered, ‘I’m dying. I know that. I must say a few words to you before I leave you.’
‘No! You will be well again, Mabryl. I promise you…’
‘Make no promises that you can’t be sure to keep. I’ve taught you that, Carthinal. This would be one that you could not keep. It is too late for me,’ Mabryl paused for breath. ‘The light and warmth of this world is… fading even as I speak.’
‘I’ll move you closer to the fire if you’re cold.’ There was panic in Carthinal’s voice as he thought of his mentor and adoptive father dying.
‘Also, you must still do your Tests when you reach Hambara,’ went on Mabryl. ‘You’ll remember what I’ve told you. There will be both written and practical tests but I know that you’re up to them, and also how much you are looking forward to being a fully-fledged mage.’ He paused for breath. ‘I can do no more for you at this time anyway. What I have in my pack you must have. It’s not much, but there are some spell scrolls and my main spell book. If you get back to Bluehaven, do what you will with my house and other goods. You are my only heir, my son.’
He placed his hand on his staff and tried to lift it but he was weak and the end wavered and brushed Carthinal’s arm as he said, ‘You must also have my staff. I hope it serves you as well as it has served me. Try to find a new master for Emmienne and Tomac. Also, there is a letter in my pack to Duke Rollo and a little figurine of a horse. Take them to the Duke. They are from Duke Danu and the horse is a surety that the letter is genuine.' Mabryl paused to take some breaths and he closed his eyes momentarily. 'Danu thinks that some grave danger is imminent and the prophecy has something to do with it.’ Mabryl’s voice was fading as he spoke and the last few words Carthinal had to strain to hear. ‘Go. Leave me here. I’ll slow you and lessen your chances of survival.’
‘Not a chance,’ whispered Carthinal to the once more unconscious mage. ‘I owe you my life. I’ll do my best to repay it,’ and after a few more moments pause to collect himself, Carthinal gently woke Asphodel.
‘Mabryl has been awake,’ he told her quietly, ‘but he’s unconscious again now. He said to leave him here; that he’s dying, but I’m not going to. I owe it to him to at least try to get him to a temple. Do you mind taking watch? I need to sleep for a while.’
Asphodel sat up and brushed her long black hair from her eyes. The fire was behind Carthinal so she could not clearly see his face. She went to get some water, had a drink, then went to see her patient. He was, as Carthinal said, unconscious again. She rather felt that his coma had deepened but she was inexperienced in these things so a little unsure. She went to sit by the fire with her thoughts.

In the dim light of the early morning, they finished the stew that they had left from the previous evening and, still hungry, Carthinal carefully lifted Mabryl onto the travois. He had managed to make a harness so that it would be easier for him to pull the contraption. He was glad at this point that he had not been like many other apprentice mages and immersed himself in books to the extent of neglecting physical fitness. He had always kept fit, and was a strong young man. He shouldered the harness and shrugged his shoulders to be sure that it was not going to be cutting into him. While he was doing this, Asphodel ensured that their fire was completely out and collected all their belongings. Since Carthinal could not carry his own backpack and pull the travois, he asked her to put it at Mabryl’s feet alongside Mabryl’s pack and staff. This she did after checking that her patient was as comfortable as was possible, and only then did she tell Carthinal that they could move out. Carthinal was impressed by the care that she took over the injured man, and smiled at her. It was the first real smile that she had seen from the young half-elf, and she thought it made him look more handsome than ever. His startling indigo eyes lit up in the most amazing way.
‘Well, I think that’s as comfortable as it is going to get.’ said Carthinal ruefully. He leant into the harness and slowly began to move along the road, followed closely by Asphodel.
They trudged along, making slow progress, pausing every hour for a brief rest and a drink. At these times Carthinal simply rested in the harness and every two hours he removed it and they rested for about half an hour. Just as they were approaching their second longer stop of the day, Asphodel looked up at the sky. The sun was nearing its zenith and she decided that it was time for an even longer stop and something to eat. She said as much to Carthinal and he concurred.
‘If we stop for an hour at the most,’ he replied, ‘we should still be able to make some distance before dark. I’d like to get two stretches in before we have to make camp.’
‘Don’t forget that it is getting dark quite early. It’s still winter.’
‘I know, but we must get as far as we can each day. Mabryl is not getting better on the road.’
They stopped for an hour, resting by the roadside at a place where the trees retreated from the edge of the road, leaving a grassy bank where the spring flowers were just beginning to put on growth prior to flowering. Asphodel found a small stream where she replenished their water supply, hoping that the boiled water they had left would be sufficient to last until she could boil this lot. She did not want to risk disease at this time. She went to look at her patient and did not like what she saw, but she did not want to tell Carthinal. This was well beyond what she could heal, but maybe it would help to prevent further deterioration in her patient. She prayed to her god for the strength for the healing and for the maximum healing that she could provide. She felt Sylissa’s strength within her as she closed her eyes the better to feel Mabryl’s hurt, then she released Sylissa’s healing strength into the man. Shortly she thought that she saw Mabryl’s eyelids flutter slightly as she administered the healing and his head wound did seem to become a little less inflamed. She hoped that her small contribution could stave off death until they reached Hambara and the temple of Sylissa where others more skilled and stronger could take over.
Carthinal was lying on the ground, trying to relieve his back of the strain put on it through pulling the travois. He sat up when Asphodel approached.
‘Let me try to relieve some of the stiffness.’ She spoke quietly and Carthinal jumped.
‘Keep your healing for Mabryl,’ he retorted. ‘He needs it more than I do. I’ll be all right after a rest.’
She paused and looked at the young man lying on the grass.
‘Do you really think that all healing is about using the strength of the goddess, Carthinal? There is more to it than that. I can relieve your muscles by a little massage you know.’
‘Oh! I’m sorry. It would be somewhat of a relief, I think,’ Carthinal replied somewhat contritely.
‘Lie down on your stomach then, and I’ll try to loosen up those muscles.’
Carthinal turned over and felt Asphodel’s hands expertly kneading the tired muscles in his lower back. Immediately they began to loosen and feel much less painful.
Shortly, Asphodel stopped her massaging of Carthinal’s tired muscles and stated that they ought to eat something and then set off again. The sun had passed its highest position in the late winter sky and so they munched on dried fruit and drank some water. They were finding it harder to get water into Mabryl and both of them were privately worrying about this. However, their best hope was to get him to Hambara as quickly as they could, and so they pressed on.
Carthinal and Asphodel plodded on across the hills between the mountain ranges until evening. They were fortunate to find a clearing in the trees just as night was falling. There was no stream, and so Asphodel was thankful for the water that she had collected earlier. She boiled it over the fire that Carthinal had lit. The water having boiled, she removed some from the pot and put it to cool in their water skins, then to the rest she added some dried meat and a few herbs and edible fungi that she had found earlier in the day as they walked.
After a while, when they had eaten, Carthinal yawned and stretched, and Asphodel then volunteered to take first watch while he got some sleep as he had been pulling the travois all day. He did not argue with her as he was in fact worn out with the unaccustomed effort. She went to give Mabryl some of the broth, most of which spilled down his chin, and some water too, and she performed her last healing of the day on him. Then she sat down by the fire to wait and watch. She also prayed to her goddess to keep them safe through the night.
After a couple of hours, which she estimated by the movement of the two moons, both the smallest almost imperceptible slivers in the sky, she woke Carthinal.
He groaned as he sat up. ‘Is it my watch all ready?’ he complained. ‘I was just in the middle of a wonderful dream.’
He rolled out of his blankets and then sat up. He took one mouthful of water, being careful that he conserve the rest, for who knew when they might find some more, and went to sit by the fire, his back against a fallen tree. He shivered as he watched Asphodel curl up in her blankets, wishing he could go back to his blankets too. It was cold tonight. The two moons and the stars seemed almost near enough to touch as they appeared in the gap in the trees overhead and his breath made a mist in the air as he breathed. It was a truly magnificent sight, and he watched the constellations, remembering in his mind the names and positions of the main ones, and the main stars. All mages had to learn some astronomy as the stars and moons had an influence on the lives of people, or so it was said. It was one of the things that he had to learn in order to pass his tests and to pass the tests was Carthinal’s main ambition.
As he thought about these things, he was suddenly aware of a sound behind him. He slowly turned, making it appear casual, as though he were making a routine glance around the campsite. He could see nothing, and the sound, whatever it was had stopped.
‘Majora, I don’t need more problems,’ he prayed to the goddess of magic. ‘Don’t let it be enemies or wild beasts wanting a meal.
He looked intently at where the sound had come from, trying to detect any movement, or even any heat sources from a living creature, (elves and half-elves could see into the infra-red part of the spectrum) but there was nothing. It was not long until he was due to wake Asphodel, but decided to let her sleep longer in case danger was lurking. He felt that he was better equipped to deal with it than she was if only because of his physical strength. He continued to watch carefully, but there was nothing else. The moons slipped slowly away over the trees, and after his hard physical labour of the previous day and the warmth of the fire, Carthinal slowly slipped into sleep.
CHAPTER 3

BASALT

The birds were beginning to sing as Asphodel rolled over in her blankets. She half-opened her eyes. Suddenly she was wide-awake and sitting up. There on a log, feeding the fire with some fresh twigs, was a dwarf. He had chestnut brown hair and beard, his eyes were a light brown and he was wearing leather armour. He had a grey cloak folded neatly on the floor by his side. She looked round, panic rising, for Carthinal. She saw him lying slumped against the log on which he had been sitting. Immediately she jumped to her feet in a fighting crouch, ready to use her unarmed combat skills. She quickly took in the dwarf, and noticed that his crossbow was lying on the floor by his side with the bolts next to it. Also lying there was a dwarven battle-axe. She also realised that she could smell cooking meat, and saw that there was a rabbit on the spit over the fire.
‘Well, are you going to fight me or eat with me?’ said the dwarf in a gruff voice. ‘I’m not impressed with your choice of travelling companion though,’ he went on. ‘Falling asleep on watch is one of the worst things you can do in the wilds. If I hadn’t come along to look after the pair of you, who knows what might have happened.’
Asphodel looked around quickly, but his tone suddenly softened.
‘Don’t mind me, lassie,’ he went on. ‘Come and sit down and have something to eat. The rabbit’s fresh. It came sneaking into camp while I was sitting here waiting for you to wake up so I took a shot at it and got lucky.’
The smell of roasting meat was making Asphodel’s mouth water. She was very hungry. She and Carthinal had hardly had enough to eat the last couple of days. She glanced over at him then back at the dwarf.
‘He’s all right,’ he said. ‘Just asleep. I’ve not harmed one hair of that lad’s head.’
At that moment, Carthinal stirred. ‘I thought I heard voices,’ he muttered, almost to himself.
‘Carthinal, we have a visitor,’ said Asphodel, ‘And he’s brought breakfast.’
Carthinal sat up and looked over to where the dwarf sat. ‘How do we know we can trust him?’ he said in a low voice.
‘We don’t,’ whispered Asphodel in reply, ‘but I think that he has the upper hand. He has his weapons at his side. We’d better go along with him. Anyway I’d like to eat some of that rabbit, wouldn’t you?’
Carthinal turned to the dwarf. ‘You now know my name. Do we have the honour of knowing yours?’
‘I’m sorry,’ replied the dwarf, standing and bowing to each of them in turn. ‘Most remiss of me. I’m Basalt Strongarm. My friends call me Bas. Now what about the beautiful young lady? What is your name, my dear?’
‘Less of the “my dear”, if you please, I don’t know you, sir. As to my name, it is Aspholessaria.’
Carthinal blinked and looked at Asphodel, a fact that did not go unnoticed by Basalt.
‘But you’re not known by that name here in the human lands are you? You didn’t give that name to your companion, whom I take it hasn’t known you for very long or he wouldn’t have looked so surprised when you gave me your elven name.’
He turned to Carthinal. ‘Surely you realised that the name she gave you was not elven, you being a half-elf and all?’ He turned back to Asphodel. ‘Come on now, you know I can’t get my dwarven tongue round that outlandish name. What are you called outside your elven lands?’
‘Usually people call me Asphodel.’
‘And it suits you well. Pretty girls should always be called after flowers. Well now that the introductions are over, how about eating some of this rabbit with me? It’s just about ready, and since I took advantage of your fire, it is only fair that I share it with you.’
The talk stopped while they ate the rabbit. It was delicious, doubly so since they were so very hungry. Basalt could not help but notice the way they relished the food, and licked every drop of juice from their fingers.
‘These young folk need some help,’ he thought to himself. ‘They are trying to conserve their food. They have the injured man to tend to as well. That is probably why the half-elf fell asleep if he’s been pulling that contraption.’  He went on aloud, ‘Where are you headed? To Hambara?’
Asphodel and Carthinal looked at each other, each trying to seek the other’s thoughts as to what they should tell this dwarf. Neither was sure whether to trust him or not. Carthinal gave a slight nod to Asphodel, indicating that it would not do any harm to tell him where they were heading.
‘Yes,’ she replied. ‘We are going that way. We lost our companions in a flash flood at the ford over the Brundella. We were the only ones lucky enough to survive, although Mabryl was seriously injured. We were left with only what we were carrying. Which is precious little.’ she added to emphasise that they were not worth robbing.
‘Yes,’ replied Basalt. ‘I was in the flood too. I was further back in the caravan and I was swept away downstream. Isn’t it unusual for the Brundella to flood at this time of year? The floods don’t usually come until after the start of the New Year, as I understand it. There’s a month to go until then.’
‘Yes, it is,’ replied Carthinal. ‘The warmer weather usually starts to melt the snows in the mountains after the Equinox. Why it should be different this year only the gods know. Although it was the dark of both moons, Lyndor and Ullin, the night before the flood,’ he added. It was considered a bad omen when both moons were dark at the same time.
Asphodel got up while this was going on and went over to tend Mabryl. She gave him some water and did the first of her daily healing rituals on him. She thought he looked a little better this morning.
Then she heard Basalt say, ‘I’m heading in the same direction as you, my lad, so if you will accept the company of a dwarf, I will be willing to accompany you. If we run into any trouble I have my cross-bow and axe, and I am not called Strongarm for nothing; I’ll take my turn with yon contraption.’
Carthinal was tempted to say “yes” immediately. He had taken to the dwarf, and he would welcome the help. He also thought that it would be a good idea to have someone with them that could use weapons. They had been lucky so far, but their luck may not hold out. However, he owed it to Asphodel to consult her and to consider her feelings.
The dwarf noted his hesitation and said, ‘Go and consult your friend. I’m not offended. I know you both need to agree. I’d feel the same in your position. After all, you know nothing about me.’
Carthinal went over to Asphodel, after a hurried conversation, came back, and told Basalt that she agreed with him that they should accept his kind offer.
Carthinal extended his hand. ‘Welcome to our little band,’ he said.
Basalt took it, and the two shook hands, exchanging a warm smile. ‘I’ll take the first turn with yon contraption,’ he said to Carthinal. ‘You can carry some of the things on it.’
Carthinal did not argue. He had not relished tying himself to the travois again. He realised now how tired and stiff the pulling had made him. They were a little later than before in setting off, what with meeting Basalt and the extra food at breakfast, but they would probably make up the time with two of them to take turns with the pulling.
The sun was well in the sky now, not just coming up, as it had been the previous day. It was still cold, but not as cold as usual a month before the start of the year.
The year started at the vernal equinox on Vimar, when the buds of the trees were starting to break, and the birds beginning to nest. The last few weeks of the year were now passing. Carthinal had hoped that his apprenticeship would have ended with the year, but now he was not sure that he felt up to taking his tests so soon with Mabryl so ill. Still, he would take them sometime. He had promised Mabryl that he would do so. Anyway, to become a fully-fledged mage was his greatest ambition. Maybe he would wait until Mabryl was up and about again, then see about them. He tightened the harness on Basalt’s shoulders and made sure that he was comfortable, then picked up his and Mabryl’s packs. He lifted Mabryl’s staff to put it beside the injured man, and as he did so, it seemed to him that a tremor passed through it and he felt a sight tingling where his hand rested on the heavily carved wood.
‘I’m imagining things,’ he thought to himself. ‘I’m probably still tired.’
They trudged on along the road for nearly two hours, with one brief stop. Basalt and Carthinal had decided to take two-hour stints each at pulling the travois, so at this point they changed.
Basalt rubbed his shoulders and circled them a few times. ‘You are tougher than you look if you did this for a whole day on your own.’ he observed.
So they continued on their journey heading towards Hambara, and sharing the hard work of pulling Mabryl. By the time they stopped for the night, the three had become friends.
CHAPTER 4

GRIEF

After a while, the woodland through which they had been passing ever since meeting with Basalt seemed to move back, leaving more open country. Carthinal was grateful, as this meant that nothing could hide in the trees and surprise them. The countryside was still undulating. Low green hills rose on either side. It was a gentle land with many small woodlands and streams, all hurrying to reach the Brundella and eventually the sea. There were a few fields with crops and some cattle on either side of the road and the odd well-fortified farmstead, but few villages. Then, when they rounded a bend, they saw a farm at the side of the road. Dogs ran out barking as they approached. One rather angry looking black and tan beast ran up to Carthinal snarling and showing his teeth. Carthinal prepared a spell to send the animal to sleep, when the farmer appeared with a crossbow ready loaded and pointing at them. He looked as though he knew how to use it and was not reluctant to do so if necessary. The farmer was tall and muscular with dark hair and eyes. He was deeply tanned from working outdoors, and was wearing a boiled leather jerkin and trousers with a thick woollen cloak dyed green fastened around his shoulders against the chill of the day.
‘Down, Bramble,’ he called to the dog.
The animal cowered down, still growling and looking at Carthinal in a menacing way, teeth bared in a grim smile. The other three dogs were slinking around obviously ready to attack if the one called Bramble did so. He was the obvious leader of these dogs. The others were smaller. One was black and white, with a rather piratical look as it had a black patch over one eye, and one ear cocked and the other down. The other two were both all black, but one was almost as large as Bramble and had a ragged ear as though it had been chewed in a fight. No doubt a challenge for supremacy amongst the animals had occurred, but whether Bramble had been the original leader and had beaten down the challenge, or whether he had won the leadership off the chewed ear dog, none of them could say. Although if asked, Carthinal would have plumped for Bramble having been the challenger as he looked the younger dog.
‘If ye be friends, then ye need have no fear,’ said the farmer, still pointing his cross-bow, ‘But these be dangerous times and we’ve a need to be careful. No sudden moves now or Bramble there’ll attack; not to mention how me finger might slip on this here trigger. State yer names and business.’
With a nervous look at the dogs, especially Bramble, Asphodel replied for the group.
‘I am Asphodel and my companions are Carthinal and Basalt. The man on the travois is Mabryl, and he is seriously injured. We are trying to get him to the temple in Hambara. We were caught in a flash flood on the ford back there, over the Brundella. We are the only survivors that we know of.’
‘Guard, Bramble.’ The farmer addressed the dog, and he lowered his crossbow.
Bramble looked ready and anxious to have a piece of Carthinal for lunch, with Bas for afters. He showed his teeth again. Carthinal ignored him, although it took all his willpower to do so. He knew the dog was only being controlled by the slenderest of threads and that the farmer could lose control at any moment if he did anything to upset the animal.
‘The others dogs will follow the lead of Bramble,’ he thought, ‘As he is the pack leader here.’
‘Don’t ye move,’ said the farmer ‘And ye’ll be fine. I need to look at yon man on that thingy to make sure he’s what ye says and not a trap. A man can’t be too careful. There’s bandits around these days and they have all kinds of wiles t’get into th’ house.’
With that he walked slowly towards Mabryl. He bent down and touched him gently.
He sighed, then crouched down and put his head on the man’s chest. ‘He be not long for this world,’ he said. ‘He be dyin’. Fact is he be nearly gone now. Ye been tellin’ me the truth I guess.’
He turned to the dogs. ‘Come. These be friends. Bramble! Friends!’ With that, he went and patted each of the companions on the back. ‘Ye’ll be fine now. Bramble and his pack’ll do ye no harm.’
The four dogs came and sniffed each of the companions one by one. Bramble even licked Asphodel’s hand, much to the surprise of the farmer.
‘Well I never!’ he exclaimed. ‘Ye be greatly honoured, Sister. He’s never done that to nobody save in the family. Well, I be Borolis and this here be my farm. It were me father’s afore me and his father’s afore him. I hopes it will be me sons’ and their sons’ too, the gods willing. It’s hard farming here. The land is good, but it be dangerous times, and lonely hereabouts, hence the dogs. Come on in and have a bite and meet the missus and kids.’
‘I don’t know about us having a bite, I thought we were going to be the bite,’ whispered Carthinal to Asphodel, as he shrugged off the harness. ‘I’m not leaving Mabryl here with those animals. They look as wild as wolves to me,’ he observed to Asphodel.
Borolis had second guessed him and said, ‘Bring your sick friend in on that thing. Better than leaving him outside. It be warm indoors too. Mayhap help him somewhat.’
They followed Borolis into the farmhouse where the warmth made them feel most welcome. There was a delicious smell of cooking, obviously the midday meal being prepared. A pretty, blond woman came up to them wiping her hands on her apron.
Borolis addressed her. ‘These here be travellers heading for Hambara. They have met with a mishap on the road. Do we have enough food for us all?’
‘Well, Borolis, you know how as I always cook too much food. You’re forever telling me about it. We can find plenty for yon strangers. Are ye going to tell me who they are?’ scolded his wife playfully.
‘Oh! Sorry. Forgot me manners. The mage, he be Carthinal, and the dwarf be called Basalt. The healer be a young elf called Asphodel.’
At the sound of his voice, two young boys about ten years old, obviously twins, and a girl of about five came running into the room. The boys were dark of hair, like their father, and like him had dark brown eyes which were full of mischief. Their sister was blond, but had also inherited their father’s brown eyes. All the children were dressed simply in brown trousers and jackets, but all had immaculately clean shirts underneath. The girl had a shirt of primrose yellow which seemed to match the colour of her hair, while one boy had a green shirt and the other an orange one.
‘Did you say there was an elf here, Papa?’ cried the girl.
‘Now, now, calm down, Amerilla,’ said their mother fielding the twins, but missing her daughter, ‘Yes. The young lady there is an elf, and her name is Asphodel.’
‘Ooh! I’ve always wanted to meet a real live elf,’ exclaimed Amerilla
Borolis laughed. ‘That be my daughter, Amerilla, in case you haven’t guessed. The boys be my twin sons. Voldon be wearing the orange shirt, and Kram, he be in the green. Unless they’ve changed over shirts again!’
‘No, Papa,’ replied the boys, looking innocent, as though such a thing would never enter their heads.
‘My wife be called Elpin and she be the best wife a man could have.’
This with a loving glance at the said lady, who blushed and said, ‘Go on with you! Now I’ll just set some more places at the table. Would ye like to put your cloaks over by the door on the stand, and sit ye down by the fire to get warm? It’s mighty cold outside.’
With that, she bustled off to get some more plates and cutlery out of the kitchen. The boys were questioning Basalt about his weapons and Amerilla was gazing in awe at Asphodel, who in her turn was trying to put the young girl at ease so Carthinal had time to look around and take in his surroundings.
The room was large, taking up most of the ground floor of the house. The fire was in a large fireplace built on the left hand wall as they came in through the door, and next to it, stairs went up to an upper story. There was a door in the wall opposite the fire, where Elpin had disappeared, and Carthinal surmised that it was the kitchen. Next to the entrance door was a window with pretty curtains and there was another window on the back wall. The door through which the children had come was obviously a door into the farmyard, and was next to the back window. There were five wooden chairs around the fire, made comfortable by having plenty of cushions and a large table in the centre of the room, which Elpin was now setting with three extra places. All together, it was a clean and happy place, although obviously not very rich. Carthinal thought to himself that the love and care that he felt in that house was worth all the riches on Vimar. Asphodel’s voice broke his musings. ‘I must tend to Mabryl. I will do another healing on him now.’
‘Can I watch. I’ll be ever so quiet.’ This from Amerilla.
‘Don’t you disturb Asphodel now Rilla. She be working. It be mighty hard being a healer. Takes a lot out of a body,’ rebuked her father.
‘As long as she’s quiet, she won’t disturb me,’ replied Asphodel.
She went over to Mabryl and looked at him. He did not look good. She knelt down and lifted one of his eyelids. There was no response to the influx of light from his pupils. This looked very bad. She felt for a pulse. It was there, but very weak, and it seemed to flutter as she felt it. The rise and fall of his chest as he breathed seemed to be getting less, and causing him some difficulty. She began her prayer to Sylissa, and laid one of her hands over his wounded head and the other over his heart as she felt Sylissa’s healing grace filling her. She hoped that this way some of the healing would help both the wound and keep him alive. This time there was very little improvement. His pulse seemed to steady momentarily, but then it began to flutter again.
‘Don’t die, please, Mabryl, don’t die,’ she whispered to herself.
She decided to try another prayer and prayed again to Sylissa. Again that brief but fleeting revival. She did not like to try again at the moment, as she would have no more energy left to channel the god’s energy for any further healing later. She pondered on what to do. While she was doing so, Elpin emerged from the kitchen carrying a tureen full of stew, followed by Borolis with a platter of bread. The twins had been roped in too and they had eight plates between them, which they placed carefully in front of the chairs that had been pulled up around the table.
‘Come and eat,’ called Borolis, and they all sat around the table while Elpin spooned large helpings of stew and bread onto each plate.
The stew was delicious and the bread still warm from the oven. To the hungry travellers the meal seemed like the nectar of the gods. Borolis insisted on them having second helpings, and plied them with ale, and they were feeling full when Elpin left to go into the kitchen. When she returned, she was carrying a bowl of late autumn’s fruit that she had dried for use in the winter. This had been soaked in a syrup of honey and water and then cooked. It was still slightly warm, and the sweet warm syrup perfectly complemented the slight tartness of the mixed fruit. All told, it was a delicious meal, and the three companions sighed, replete with good food. They thanked their hosts gratefully.
‘We did not expect so gracious a welcome, or such wonderful food,’ said Carthinal to Elpin, who beamed at his compliments.
‘Not after the welcome ye received from me and me dogs, eh?’ responded Borolis with a twinkle in his dark eyes. ‘But ye can’t be too careful round here these days,’ he went on more soberly. ‘There be all sorts on the road now. Thieves and brigands, aye, and worse.’
‘Shh! Don’t frighten the little ones,’ Elpin quickly hushed him, but Voldon replied, drawing himself up as tall as a ten year old could.
‘We be not frightened, Mama. We be men now. We be nearly eleven, and Papa has told us we can have short bows for our birthday so we can learn to fight to help to protect the farm. With Papa’s cross bow, us with our short bows and the dogs, nothing can harm us.’
‘I want a bow too. Papa, can I have a bow? I want to fight for the farm as well,’ cried Amerilla, who was bouncing up and down in her seat. ‘I want to be a fighter when I grow up. Or perhaps I’ll be a healer like you Asphodel,’ she said, turning to the elf.
‘She wanted to be a travelling entertainer last sixday, and the sixday before it was a druid. We never know what she’s going to come up with next. Thank the gods the boys are not like her. Farming is all they ever wanted to do,’ smiled Elpin.
‘Parador has smiled on us with those two,’ went on Borolis picking up his wife’s thoughts quite naturally, and referring to the goddess of agriculture. ‘Not that I’d change Amerilla in any way shape or form,’ he went on to say fondly. ‘I expect she’ll get married and settle down with some farmer eventually.’
This was a truly happy and devoted family. All three travellers hoped that everything would turn out well for them for their kindness.
Carthinal then spoke. ‘We thank you kindly for sharing your food and shelter this cold day, but we really must continue. It is imperative that we get to a temple as soon as possible for Mabryl.’
‘I understand lad, but ye’d be welcome to stay longer. We seldom see visitors. Elpin’ll pack some food for ye and ye must fill all yer water skins from the well. The water is good, and does not need boiling,’ replied Borolis.
During this exchange, Asphodel, followed by her shadow, Amerilla, had returned to Mabryl to give him some water. She felt his skin and pulse, and gave a sudden intake of breath.
‘Go and get Carthinal, Rilla,’ she said quietly, ‘And then go and help your mother to pack the food she promised us.’
The girl did as she was bid, and Carthinal came over quickly. ‘What is it, Asphodel?’ he queried.
‘I’m so sorry Carthinal. I couldn't save him. He’s gone.’
For a moment, Carthinal did not understand what she was saying. He looked at Mabryl lying on the travois. Then realisation dawned. Mabryl, his first true friend, adopted father and master was dead. ‘No,’ he whispered. ‘You’ve made a mistake, haven’t you, Asphodel? Check again. He can’t die.’
Carthinal felt a gentle hand on his arm and allowed himself to be led to the fire. It was Elpin who, noticing his distress, had realised what must have happened and come to see what comfort she could offer.
Carthinal sat with his head in his hands. He was totally oblivious of the people surrounding him or of the warm fire crackling in the grate. All he was aware of was a pain in his heart, which seemed to permeate his whole being. Mabryl had rescued him from the gutters of Bluehaven and probably saved him from ending up at the end of a rope as a criminal. Then the mage had adopted him as his son, since he had never married and consequently had no family of his own. Carthinal owed all he was to Mabryl, and looked on him as a friend and father. The half-elf could barely remember his real father who had died when he was still very young. Mabryl had been patient with the wild, impatient young man and taught him all the lessons that a father would have taught his son, so Carthinal felt he had lost his father all over again.
Eventually, he became aware of voices speaking softly around him. He looked up. The light was fading outside the room, and oil lamps had been lit. Where had the day gone? Surely it was the middle of the daylight hours when they arrived? How could it possibly be dusk? He glanced over to the travois. It was empty. A sudden surge of hope filled him. Maybe he had fallen asleep and had a nightmare, and Mabryl had recovered enough to get up. His master could not be dead, he who had always been so full of life and wisdom and good advice. Yes, that was it. In the split second that these hopes flit through his head, Borolis spoke.
‘Don’t ye be anxious about the body, Carthinal. It be lying on one of the couches up the stairs. We’ve washed him and dressed him in decent clothes. Asphodel thought you wouldn’t mind if we searched for something clean in his pack. He was a mage of high rank it seems and it wouldn’t do to send him on his last journey unfit.’
Cathinal looked up, his eyes red. ‘Yes. Thank you,’ he replied listlessly. ‘I suppose we’ll have to bury him. He must be buried properly, and not just left somewhere on the road for wild animals to consume.’
‘That be all taken care of,’ replied Borolis gently. ‘We’ve decided that he can be buried in our family plot. We’ll care for his grave as one of our own. The plot’s protected by a fence to keep out wolves and the like that may decide to dig up any bodies, so it’s a safer place than most. We’d be most honoured if you’d accept our offer.’
‘Thank you. You’re very kind. This is all too much. I will repay you somehow.’
‘No need, boy. We’re pleased as ye were here when it happened and not on the road. At least this way your friend can get a decent place to spend eternity. If you agree, we’ll bury him tomorrow morning, and then you can be on your way as soon as you wish.’
‘No rush now,’ said Carthinal listlessly. ‘The rush was all for Mabryl. The ungrateful bastard.’ This last was said angrily, as he banged his clenched fist into the palm of his other hand. Carthinal surprised even himself by his sudden rush of anger.  ‘After all we did. Both Asphodel, and myself. She wearing herself out with her healing and I with pulling him on that travois. All for nothing. He goes and dies on us.’ Then Carthinal broke down in a sudden rush of tears and he turned away from Borolis.
Borolis turned away feeling helpless. He was not the one to deal with this. He called his wife to him, to ask her for her advice.
‘I think he should go to bed,’ she replied. ‘I’ve rigged up a couple of extra beds in the boys’ room, and another in Rilla’s for Asphodel. Take him upstairs and I’ll send up a drink of something to help him sleep. I’ve some herbs dried that will do the trick. He will have to face things sometime, but not tonight.’
Carthinal’s tears had at last ceased and he allowed himself to be led upstairs to a room, which now seemed crowded with four beds. Borolis indicated one of the beds, and Carthinal sat down on it. In a few minutes, one of the twins came in carrying a beaker of a sweet-smelling drink. The steam carried the smell throughout the room.
‘Mama says you’re to drink this,’ the boy said, carefully placing the mug in Carthinal’s hands. ‘It’ll help you sleep.’
With that, he was gone, and his father with him. Cathinal sipped the tea. It was pleasant tasting, and seemed to soothe him. He soon began to feel sleepy and he undressed and lay on the bed, pulling the covers up over himself. He was now truly alone in the world. His friend had gone and left him. He had no family of his own. Mabryl had been family to him and he knew he was going to miss him dreadfully. He had been too young when his parents had died to really understand they were gone forever, but now he knew real loneliness. He had no one, no one at all. Soon he drifted into a dreamless sleep. He did not hear the twins come to bed, nor much later, Basalt slip into the bed next to his. He slept until he heard the cocks crowing in the farmyard and the cattle softly lowing in the cowsheds as they were being milked.
He looked around him. The other beds were empty. Then he remembered. He had been given some kind of draught to put him to sleep because of his despair at Mabryl’s death. The sorrow he had felt the night before hit him again. Tears swam in his deep blue eyes as he rose and dressed. He washed in the water that had been left in a jug in the bedroom and looked into a mirror on the wall. Why should he continue on to Hambara? He had nothing left now. First his father, then his mother and grandparents. Now his adopted father. All gone. No, he had no one at all to care if he lived or died.
This self-pity lasted until his anger re-asserted itself as he entered the family’s main room. Mabryl had no right to die and leave him alone in the world. Surely he could have made some effort to swim out of the flood. He was the one who had insisted that a reluctant Carthinal learn to swim, and he had not even tried to swim to safety himself. That Mabryl had probably made a supreme effort but the waters were just too strong for the older man never occurred to the grieving half-elf. Then his anger turned on himself and Asphodel. He surely could have done something to help Mabryl, but he just stood watching the young elf, while she obviously did not do her best for a stranger. If it were her own father lying there, he supposed it would have been different. Then he saw Asphodel seated by the fire playing some child’s game with Amerilla.
‘That’s all you’re good for,’ he snapped at her. ‘Playing children’s games. You couldn’t even manage to keep him alive until we reached Hambara.’
Asphodel looked shocked. The smile that had come to her lips as he entered the room faded and her eyes filled with tears. She rushed out of the room quickly before he could see her distress.
‘We’d better be getting on with the burial,’ said Carthinal gruffly. ‘Get it over with.’
‘Have something to eat and drink first,’ Elpin replied, leading him to the table and placing a plate of bread and a fruit preserve in front of him. She also poured him a mug of milk. Carthinal decided he had better eat something, even though he was not hungry, and began to spread the preserve onto the bread.
Shortly after, Borolis and the boys came into the room. ‘We’ve dug the grave.’ said Kram. ‘When can we start the funeral?’
‘Ssh!’ scolded his mother. ‘Carthinal’s very upset about his friend. We have to be sensitive about this.’
‘Sorry!’ said Kram, not sounding at all sorry, and he rushed out.
‘Where’s Asphodel?’ asked the farmer.
‘How should I know,’ replied Carthinal. ‘She was here a minute ago, but then she left.’
Just then, Asphodel appeared red-eyed, with Basalt, who was looking rather severe.
‘Perhaps we should be getting on with the funeral and then we’ll be leaving you. We’re not fit company at the moment. I’m sorry for all this,’ he said.
‘We understand. Anger be a part of grieving, as well as guilt. He’ll get that shortly too. At the moment he be blaming others, yes, even his friend himself. Soon he’ll start blaming himself. After that, he’ll start to mend,’ replied Borolis, ‘Although how long it’ll take is anyone’s guess. He needs the support of good friends at this time. Well let’s get it over with.’
The three travellers and the farming family trooped out to a plot of land adjacent to the house. On a wooden plank, was Mabryl’s body, with a white linen wrap to cover it before it went into the ground. It was lying next to a deep hole that Borolis and his sons had somehow managed to dig in the cold ground.
‘We thought you might want to pay your last respects to him, Carthinal, before we wrap him,’ said Borolis.
‘Thanks,’ muttered Carthinal, and while the others drew back, Carthinal knelt down beside his mentor.
‘You should not have gone like this, old friend,’ he whispered. ‘We had so much left to do. So much left unsaid. I never thanked you for giving me a chance in life, for being kind and understanding, for bringing discipline to my life where there had been none. I never said how much I cared for you. You became my father when I could barely remember my own. You were the friend I never really had before. You were the teacher who gave me inspiration and taught me so much more than my lessons. I will treasure your memory, and try to live as you taught me. Although it will be hard, I will do my tests as you asked me not so long ago, and I will gratefully accept your staff. I will be strong now. I have grieved for you deeply, and will continue to do so all the days I live, but you once told me to always look to the future, “Learn from the past,” you said, “Remember it, but do not live there.” So much good advice. You were the wisest man I know. Goodbye, my father.’
With that, Carthinal slowly rose to his feet and covered Mabryl’s body with the sheet. Borolis stepped forward with Basalt, and they slowly lowered the body into the Earth. Then Asphodel began to sing. She sang a sad hymn of mourning, commending Mabryl’s soul to the care of Kalhera, goddess of Death and the Underworld, and then said a brief prayer to Kassilla, the chief goddess, to pray that Mabryl may one day return to the wheel of life. Carthinal threw the first spades of soil onto the body, then turned away.
As they were entering the house once more, Basalt took Carthinal’s arm. ‘You’ve hurt that lassie dreadfully,’ he said angrily, ‘With your careless remarks. In the few days she’s known you she has learned to respect you, and like you and you go and speak to her like that!’
Carthinal did not reply, but continued to walk into the house.
He picked up his pack, turned to thank his hosts for their hospitality, and generosity, and then said to the others, ‘We should go now. Are you ready?’
They also picked up their packs. Basalt apologised for Carthinal’s behaviour that morning, but the farmer and his wife understood.
‘He had a terrible shock and loss,’ Elpin said. ‘It mayhap affect him for a while. We know it be not his normal self. We saw what kind of man he be when you arrived. That is what we will remember. Come and call on us again.’
Farewells having been said, the little party continued on their journey. The dogs, led by Bramble, accompanied them for a little way along the road, but then turned back, Bramble having given Asphodel’s hand another lick. Their journey was once more under way.
CHAPTER 5

KIDNAPPED

It was not a pleasant journey that day after Mabryl’s death. Carthinal was sunk into himself, not speaking to either of his companions, Asphodel was in deep misery from Carthinal’s hasty remarks, and Basalt was annoyed with Carthinal for hurting Asphodel with his angry, thoughtless words.
The day was cold, and so they walked briskly to keep warm and stopped for only a relatively short time to eat some of the food that Elpin had packed for them. The land was once more wooded, which gave some protection from the wind that swept down from the mountains in the east, and over the hilly land that they were crossing. They trudged along, each with their own thoughts hardly speaking to each other. It seemed an inordinately long day to all of them with the bad feeling that was between them. Every so often, Asphodel’s eyes filled with tears as she remembered Carthinal’s angry words to her that morning, but she blinked them away, determined not to let him see them, just as she was determined to prove to herself that he was wrong and she would make a good healer.
Basalt was fuming. He liked the elf, and he liked Carthinal too. He had not thought he was capable of such cruel words. Asphodel seemed to have taken them to heart. He knew Carthinal’s reasons, that he was hurting, and like an injured animal he had struck out at the nearest person to him. How he wished that it had been him and not Asphodel who had been there this morning to receive the tongue-lashing. He could take it. He had been through worse in his time, but the young elf was more sensitive it seemed.
‘Well, he’ll come to his senses eventually,’ muttered Bas to himself. ‘I only hope it’s before we get to Hambara, so it won’t be too late for him to apologise.’
Eventually, the day ended and they had made quite good time. There was a clearing in the woodland ahead of them with a stream running through it when they decided that it was time to stop. They were still a morose band, but it was necessary to communicate in order to sort out the watches. Basalt took the first watch, with Asphodel the second and Carthinal the third. They decided that they would rest until dawn, which meant that they had over twelve hours in camp. Each watch was to be for two hours at a time and each of them was to take two watches. That decided, they made a fire with wood they collected from the forest around the clearing. This had become a routine with Carthinal and Asphodel, and not much discussion was required, so the evening was a silent affair. Almost as soon as the meal was finished, Carthinal rolled himself up in his blanket and turned his back on them. Asphodel and Basalt exchanged glances.
Basalt was the first to speak. ‘I know that the half-elf hurt you with his remarks, but he didn’t really mean it. He was hurting and struck out at the nearest target, which just happened to be you. A bit like an injured animal will often bite the person trying to help it. Get some rest, lass. I’ll wake you when it is your turn to watch.’
Asphodel decided that he was right, and she should rest so she, like Carthinal, wrapped herself in her blankets and tried to sleep.
Basalt’s watch went smoothly. He kept the fire going and after a couple of hours, he woke Asphodel. She seemed a little less distressed, much to his relief, and he quickly fell asleep himself.
Asphodel watched for some time. She was thinking about things that had transpired in the last few days. She decided that she was foolish to take Carthinal’s words to heart. In a couple of days they would be at Hambara. He would go to the Mage Tower for his tests and she would be at the temple, probably never to see him again. Anyway, she resolved not to let him hurt her, so she settled down to her watch.
After a while, she thought she felt herself being watched. She turned quietly so as not to disturb whatever it was that she had felt. She could see nothing, and was beginning to think that she was imagining it.
‘An over-active imagination, girl,’ she thought. ‘Just because everyone else is asleep!’
Then she spotted the heat source. ‘Well, at least it isn’t undead,’ she muttered to herself, but she felt a little afraid nevertheless.
On looking closer, she thought that the heat source was human or humanoid, but which she could not tell.
She crept over to Carthinal and Basalt and whispered quietly to them. ‘Don’t make any quick moves, but there is someone or something watching us.’
The others quietly opened their eyes.
‘You can’t see anything with normal vision, you need to use infra-vision,’ she continued. ‘Look over there, just beyond that tree behind the bush.’
She indicated a bush just on the opposite side of the fire. Sure enough, the half-elf could make out a humanoid figure. It was glowing with heat, and seemed to be the size of a rather tall man, maybe 6 feet 6 inches tall, but little else could be determined.
‘Carthinal, ready one of your spells. Asphodel, you be ready for some unarmed combat if necessary, but don’t do anything unless you have to,’ whispered Basalt, reaching for his crossbow very slowly and quietly. He stood up, along with Carthinal and called out in the direction of the figure, ‘We’re armed and ready. Come out so we can see you, but have no weapons. If we see any weapons, we will attack.’
The figure quietly moved into the clearing. He was not armed and had his hands away from his sides. He was a tall, coppery-skinned man and was wearing black leathers, topped by a black cloak. He had black wavy hair, which he wore long and tied back with a black leather thong. His features were arresting, rather than handsome, with almost black eyes and a straight nose over a generous mouth that looked as though it liked to smile, and he carried himself with an almost arrogant bearing. On his back was a quiver containing a number of black-fletched arrows, but he had no bow or sword in sight.
‘I should have remembered that elves can see in the dark and been more careful,’ he said. His voice was musical and low with the merest trace of a foreign accent. ‘However, I did intend to reveal myself to you tomorrow. You are right to be suspicious. Suspicion is the reason that I didn’t reveal myself before. I had to know if I could trust you.’
‘And how do we know we can trust you?’ retorted Carthinal.
‘You don’t. At least not at the moment,’ replied the stranger. ‘I would like to have the chance to prove it to you though.’
‘Begin by telling us who you are,’ Asphodel interrupted, trying to place his accent, ‘And why you want us to trust you.’
‘By all means,’ went on the stranger. ‘My name is Fero, and I’m a ranger. I’m originally from the land of Beridon in the south.’ He mentioned a land far to the south of Grosmer, the country where they were currently living. ‘I left there three years ago to travel and further my knowledge, but I’ve come to learn that it’s far safer to travel in company with others, rather than alone. My last companions left to head towards the Western Mountains, but I decided to continue to Hambara. I was going to reveal myself to you when Basalt here turned up, and I thought you may find it a little suspicious having two strangers turn up on the same day so I decided to wait until the following day or the day after. Then the people at the farm back yonder took you in, and when you came back onto the road again, I guessed your friend had died as he was not with you and you all looked so upset. I’m sorry about that. So you saw me and here I am. At your mercy I may add.’
‘You’ve certainly listened well,’ observed Carthinal. ‘There’s little you could have found out that you failed to do. Was it you that I thought I heard a night or two ago when I was on watch?’
‘Yes. I cursed myself for my carelessness then. I stood on a twig and it cracked. I shouldn’t have done so. My ranger training should have made me able to move silently in the woods at all times. I really thought that I’d have to reveal myself then, but you seemed to dismiss the sound.’
Asphodel was observing the stranger. She looked into his eyes. His appearance was somewhat daunting, dressed all in black as he was, with his coppery skin and black hair and eyes, but she thought she could discern a gleam of humour in those eyes, and a kindness.
‘I’m willing to trust him,’ she said suddenly. ‘I’m not sure why, but I think he’s honest.’
‘You can join with us as a travelling companion, but don’t mind if we don’t leave you on watch alone just yet,’ replied Carthinal. ‘Take a place by the fire, and I think that it’s time for our watch change. I’ll be watching now, and Fero, I have a spell prepared!’
With that, the half-elf took his seat on a fallen log at the side of the clearing, and was silent. The others looked from one to the other. Basalt and Asphodel had hoped that some sleep would lift Carthinal’s mood somewhat, but now that things had been settled, he seemed to be retreating once more into himself. However, since there was nothing more they could do, they decided to try to get some sleep themselves.
Carthinal woke Basalt at the end of his two hours, and rolled himself in his blankets by the fire. Basalt sat, took out his dagger and started whittling on a piece of wood he had found and yawning from time to time. Occasionally, he rose and paced around to keep himself awake, looking carefully at Fero and also at Carthinal. Although the half-elf tried to pretend he was asleep, Basalt glimpsed the gleam of his eyes in the glint of the fire. At the end of his two-hour watch, Basalt was pleased to note that Carthinal seemed to have fallen into a fitful sleep at last.
‘He needs the sleep,’ he muttered to himself. ‘He’s obviously lost more than just his master. Mabryl meant much to him.’
He gently woke Asphodel, and she took her place on watch.
Carthinal had indeed fallen asleep, but it was not very restful. He dreamed of dark figures and fighting around the camp. He tossed around, hearing harsh voices in his dreams, and a scream that was suddenly cut off. He woke and realised that everything had not been a dream. There were many footprints around the camp and there were signs of a scuffle near to the fire. Then he realised that Asphodel was gone. He remembered the scream, and how it was cut off, and he felt suddenly afraid for her.
He heard Basalt saying, ‘We’ll find her and get her back, laddie, don’t you worry now. Fero here is a ranger, and can track these creatures, whatever they are. He’s looking at the tracks now.’
Fero returned then. ‘They are orcs,’ he spat, with hatred in his voice. ‘They sometimes take human or elven women and children and use them as slaves. Sometimes they use the women for other things as well, if they are a raiding party and their own females are not with them.’
This made Carthinal’s blood run cold at the thought of Asphodel being raped by these abominable creatures. ‘She must be found and rescued,’ he said harshly. ‘I won’t let her suffer such a fate.’
He stood and began to make his way into the surrounding trees. He felt a hand on his arm, and turned to see Fero.
His face was grim and his eyes burned with an intensity that took Carthinal aback. ‘You won’t find her if you go rushing off like that, half-elf,’ said the ranger. ‘I can follow their tracks, but not if you obliterate them first.’
Carthinal turned to him. ‘I apologise,’ he responded, ‘We must go quickly though. How far do you think they will have gone?’
‘Not too far yet,’ replied the other. ‘They have an additional weight to carry, but I fear they may have knocked her out as her scream stopped so abruptly.’
Carthinal could not understand why he felt so angry at that thought. He wanted to rip the orcs limb from limb that they had dared to harm Asphodel. He shocked himself at the violence of his thoughts, and began to tremble. He heard Mabryl’s voice in his head saying, “Remember that violence for its own sake does more harm to the perpetrator than to the victim, and revenge eats away the soul.” He forced himself to calm and did some deep breathing exercises. Then he saw the other two watching him in concern.  
‘Feeling a little better now?’ said Basalt gently. ‘I thought you were going to have a stroke or something for a minute.’
‘Yes, thank you, Bas. I was overcome for a minute at the thought of Asphodel in the clutches of those creatures, but I’m calm now. Nothing will be done properly in anger, I realise that.’
Fero had been searching around the clearing to find out in which direction the orcs had taken their captive. He quickly returned to the others. ‘I think they must have been a raiding party. They left by the opposite side of the clearing. They entered from the north and left by the south,’ he told them. ‘I don’t think they were expecting us to be here. They weren’t following us in order to capture Asphodel. It was just unfortunate that they came by when she was on watch alone.’
‘Can you follow their tracks?’ queried Basalt.
‘Oh yes! I could track orcs over bare rock if necessary,’
There was a snarl in Fero’s voice. It was obvious to both of the others that he had come across orcs before and for some reason had an unreasoning hatred of the creatures.
‘Then what are we waiting for? The sooner we leave, the better,’ said Basalt, picking up his pack and hoisting his crossbow in his hands.
The three left the clearing in the direction indicated by Fero. They divided Asphodel’s belongings between them and followed the tracks to the south.
The orcs had not made much of an effort to hide their tracks, and even a blind hill dwarf could follow it, as Basalt said. Carthinal, with his elven heritage, walked quietly in the woods, but Fero was trained in woodcraft and he could hardly be heard at all. Unfortunately, the mountain dwarves are not very good at passing silently, especially when loaded down with weapons. Basalt made as much noise as a hill giant with indigestion as Carthinal said.
Suddenly, Fero stopped in his tracks and motioned to the others to stop and be silent. 
‘They’ll have set an ambush,’ he whispered. ‘They may not be the most intelligent creatures on Vimar, but they’ll realise that we’ll follow to attempt a rescue. They’ll assume that we’ll be easy to defeat as there are only three of us, and from the tracks, there are about a dozen of them. They’ll also not be able to figure out that we may be on our guard and that an ambush may not be a surprise. Can you see anything in the bushes with your infra-vision, Carthinal?’
Carthinal looked and sure enough, he could see three reddish figures in the bushes on either side of the narrow track a hundred yards further along. He whispered the information to Fero. Fero then whispered that he thought he and Carthinal should creep up behind the orcs and quietly kill them. Bas should remain where he was as he was making enough noise to waken a dead log.
Basalt was about to take umbrage at this, but Carthinal said, ‘We need someone to make them think that we are still on this track, Bas. You keep walking along, and talking as though we are following behind you. That should keep their attention from us.’
This mollified Basalt somewhat. ‘Yes,’ he replied. ‘That makes sense. I’ll do that.’
‘Give us a few minutes to get into position, and then off you go,’ said Fero. ‘Carthinal, how good are you with a dagger? Can you kill silently from behind?’
‘No problem, my friend, no problem,’ murmured the mage.
‘Then I’ll take the right hand side if you take the left,’ and with that, he was gone.
Basalt allowed them to get half way to the ambush, and then he started down the road, stomping along and calling behind him, ‘Come on! Hurry up you two! They’re getting away. That poor lass must be terrified out of her wits. What? Track them? They leave more tracks than a herd of stampeding cattle. No need of expert trackers here,’ and he marched forward, weapons clanking.
‘Good old Bas,’ thought Carthinal as he crept through the undergrowth towards where he could see the first red shape.
The orc was intent on peering towards Basalt, trying to see his companions, and was not aware of the dagger being drawn across his throat until too late. He did not even have time to draw a breath. The second one was just as easy. By the time he realised there was anyone there, he too was dead.
‘Two down, one to go,’ thought Carthinal. ‘I wonder how Fero is getting on.’
Carthinal had completely forgotten his mistrust of the ranger in the camaraderie of battle.
‘Oops! I’ve forgotten the main tenant of fighting. Do not allow yourself to be distracted, even by wondering about your friends. Every one is his own keeper.’
With this thought, Carthinal put everything out of his mind except the last orc. He crept up behind it and was just about to put his arm around its mouth, both to stifle any cry and to bring its head back into a position where its throat was revealed, when a twig broke under his foot. He considered his momentary lapse in concentration and cursed himself as the orc whirled round and cried out. He crouched in a fighting stance as the orc drew its weapon.
‘Curse these robes,’ he thought, ‘I don’t have time to prepare a spell, and can’t fight hand to hand in these clothes.’
Mabryl had insisted that Carthinal wear the robes of an apprentice mage as he was on official mage business, namely going to the Tower for his Test. Carthinal had continued to wear them because it was what Mabryl had said was right in the circumstances.
The orc was wielding an ugly looking short sword. The weapon had a much longer reach than Carthinal’s dagger. The orc lunged at Carthinal, and he dodged backwards, the sword just missing his face by about half an inch. He feinted to his left, making as though he were about to stab in that direction, hoping that the orc would be fooled. Unfortunately, the orc was battle hardened and easily saw through Carthinal’s ruse. The orc then stepped to one side and was about to make a stabbing cut which would have opened Carthinal’s side when there was a thudding sound and the orc plunged towards him and fell face down to the ground, a black-fletched arrow sticking out of its back.
At the same moment, he heard a harsh voice call out in heavily accented Grosmerian,‘You! Show yerself and hold up yer bow. And the dwarf. You hold up yer crossbow where I can see it too. I’ve a knife at the female’s throat and if either of yer moves, she dies!’
Carthinal realised that the orc did not know that he was there. It must have thought that its companion had seen Fero and that was why it called out, and why Fero had shot it. Maybe this was a chance to do something. He knew there were three orcs on each side of the track, and if Fero was right about their numbers, there must be about six of them left. He must try to do something whilst they did not know he was there. He looked around and could see one of the orcs holding Asphodel. She had her hands tied in front of her and a gag around her mouth, but she was conscious. Suddenly he came to a decision. He took the mana into himself and began to weave it into a shape to draw energy from the surroundings, and then pointed his fingers at the orc that he could see holding Asphodel. Two glowing silvery darts of energy shot from his fingers and embedded themselves in the orc’s chest. The orc stumbled in surprise, but although badly wounded, was not killed outright. Asphodel took her opportunity, as Carthinal hoped she would. She stamped hard on the creature’s foot, and when it dropped its dagger, she whirled and jabbed her fingers hard into its throat. It dropped at her feet, quite dead.
In the meantime, the other orcs had turned towards Carthinal, and were drawing their swords. Basalt and Fero saw their opportunity, and fired at them. Fero killed one instantly with his first arrow, but the second only grazed its intended victim and the orc changed direction, moving towards the tall figure preparing to fire a third arrow. Basalt killed one, but had to draw out his battleaxe as one of the remaining orcs was approaching him, sword drawn. He yelled a battle cry and promptly began hacking at the orc. He became very angry when it managed to get behind his defences and score a cut in his arm. Then, before he knew what was happening, the orc yawned and fell asleep in the middle of a swing of its sword. He quickly dispatched it before wondering what was going on. He noticed that the rest of the orcs were either dead or asleep, and noticed Asphodel calmly cutting the throat of another sleeping orc. He wondered at them falling asleep in the midst of a battle, but put it from his mind to ponder later.
Asphodel, when she had finished dispatching the last of the orcs, crept to the side of the track, trembling in every muscle, and began to retch violently. Carthinal went up to her and put his hand on her shoulder. She continued to retch until her stomach was empty, and then began to tremble violently.
‘You’ve never killed before, have you?’ he said gently.
The girl shook her head. ‘Not even a chicken for dinner,’ she admitted. ‘And I’ve vowed to save lives, not take them.’
‘It often takes people like that the first time, especially if you’re killing a sentient creature, even if they are basically evil,’ Carthinal continued.
He turned her towards him and saw the tears in her eyes as she continued to shake. He held her to him and she rested her head against his chest. She felt secure, hearing his heart beating strongly and evenly in his chest, and all the horrors of the flood, the death of Mabryl and Carthinal’s subsequent unkindness, not to mention her kidnapping and the killing of the orcs suddenly came together and she began to cry uncontrollably. Carthinal stroked her long black hair, which had come loose in her struggles with the orcs, and allowed her to cry herself out, knowing that this would be a healing process, and also knowing that it was a process that he should allow himself. As her tears flowed, he felt his own tears begin, and shortly, they were both crying and comforting each other.
After a short while, Asphodel looked up into Carthinal’s indigo eyes. He was still holding on to her, but he let go when he saw her looking at him.
‘Will you accept my apologies for the way in which I’ve treated you all day?’ he said.
‘Of course I will,’ she replied. ‘You were upset at Mabryl’s death and wanted to hit out at someone. I just happened to be the one who was there.’
They looked for their companions and saw that they had been removing arrows from the orcs and cleaning their weapons.
‘Let’s get away from here,’ called Fero. ‘There could be others coming to meet them.’
The four walked slowly through the last hours of the night until they came once again to their campsite. There were still a few hours of darkness left, and they decided to remain there. Fero rekindled the fire, while Basalt fumbled in his pack. Asphodel sank down to the ground gratefully as she felt that her legs would give way. She had not fully recovered from killing the orcs.
‘I had some in here somewhere, for an emergency,’ Basalt mumbled to himself.
Carthinal was just going to ask what it was he was searching for when he gave a cry of triumph.
‘Ah! Knew it was here,’ and with that he pulled out a flask. He uncorked it and took it over to where Asphodel was sitting. ‘Here, lass, take a wee sip of this. It is good in such circumstances,’ and he passed her the flask.
‘What is it?’ she queried.
‘Some dwarven spirit. Only take a small sip, mind. You’re not used to it.’
With that, Asphodel put the flask to her mouth and took a small sip as directed. She felt as though her mouth had caught fire, and as she swallowed, the flames roared down her throat and into her stomach. She coughed, but then the feeling of warmth and well being began to permeate her whole body.
‘I think we should all have some of this,’ she said, handing the flask to Fero.
He took a mouthful and then passed it to Carthinal who, after taking a drink, passed it back to Basalt. Bas took a large mouthful and then put it back into his pack.
‘For another emergency,’ he said.
‘I hope we don’t have many more like that one,’ replied Asphodel, beginning to feel better as the spirits circulated through her body. She yawned.
‘You sleep,’ said Carthinal. ‘The three of us will take the rest of the watches tonight.’
Fero looked up from stoking up the fire. ‘You’ve decided to trust me then, half-elf?’ was all he said.
Carthinal replied with a nod. ‘You had a good opportunity to do us harm back there, but you were indispensable. The dwarf and I couldn’t have done it alone, and the gods alone know what would have happened to Asphodel then.’
He glanced over towards the fire. Asphodel was lying close to the flames and had fallen fast asleep. He went and put her blanket over her, and then turned to the others, ‘Bas, you take first watch, I’ll take second and Fero can take third, if that is all right by you both.’
The others agreed and soon, those not on watch were asleep just like Asphodel.
CHAPTER 6

HORSELORDS

Kimi crept silently out of the house. She paused to listen with bated breath as the outside door creaked slightly as she opened it, but the house remained silent, her parents and brothers fast asleep. Carefully, she closed the door, hoisted her pack onto her shoulders and slipped away into the night.
Once she had reached the enclosure containing the horses, she opened the gate to allow the animals to run free. She regretted doing this, but it would delay any search for her as the horses would need to be caught first, both to mount a pursuit and for the safety of the animals. She offered a prayer to Grillon, the god of wild things, to keep his creatures away from the beasts during the time they were free. The animals seemed reluctant to leave the enclosure, so Kimi got down from the fence where she had climbed and whacked the lead stallion on the rump. He whickered in indignation, but at another whack, he galloped through the open gate, followed by the mares, geldings and foals. Only then did Kimi turn her attention to leaving. She looked at the house that had been her home for all her seventeen years. She was sure she was doing the right thing even though her parents had told her it was wrong. Davrael was an honourable man, and his father was a chief, not that that would mean anything now since his father was as adamant they should not marry as were her own parents.
Kimi had met Davrael six months before when he had rescued her from the war party of an enemy tribe who had abducted her from her home. He had returned her to her parents, who were very grateful, but not before the pair had fallen in love. Unfortunately, the settled people, who were horselords that had decided they could rear better horses by settling in one place, were mistrusted by the wandering bands, and vice versa. So both Davrael’s father and Kimi’s parents refused permission for the couple to marry. In fact, they went further. Both groups forbade the match and told the pair that they would disown them if they went ahead. The lovers managed to meet as frequently as possible in secret, a difficult task when Davrael was wandering the plains following his tribe’s horses, and eventually they had agreed that the only way for them to be together was to leave the land of their birth entirely. They had planned to meet a mile from Kimi’s home in the forest clearing where they had so often met before.
Kimi had never been able to really believe that Davrael had fallen in love with her. She was not pretty, but she had glossy, dark brown hair worn long and in two braids over her shoulders in the manner of the horselord women. Her eyes were hazel and her nose small. She always felt that her mouth was too large for the rest of her face, but it was well shaped and always ready to smile. She was a tiny girl, barely five feet and slender as a reed with small, neat breasts and boyish looking hips. Davrael on the other hand was a handsome and fierce looking warrior of the Swooping Hawk tribe. As the son of the chief and the probable next chief, he had, tattooed on his face, the image of a hawk. Its wings swept over his eyebrows with its fierce head along his straight nose, looking down at its prey, its feet spread ready to pounce, on his cheeks. At first glance, he was a frightening sight, but those who looked closely could see a kindness in his brown eyes. He was about five feet ten and had a muscular figure with broad shoulders and narrow hips. He was carrying no fat at all and his muscles were hard as iron with the life he led as a nomadic herder. His hair, a dark brown, similar in colouring to Kimi’s but a little lighter, was worn loose about his shoulders and kept from his eyes by a leather headband. Both wore leather leggings and fringed leather tunics over woollen shirts in a similar brown colour. Davrael had a dark green cloak and Kimi a brown one.
The couple had chosen this night to elope, because the moon, Lyndor was three quarters full. Ullin, although just past full, had set by the time Kimi left. There would be sufficient light for them to see their way, and thus travel more quickly, but not so much that they would show up too clearly if they were followed quickly. The omens were good too, for full moons meant good things to come. If either of them were concerned by the fact that Ullin was in truth just beginning to wane, meaning that there were good things, but passing and transitory, they did not think of it. They were just too happy that they were at last going to be in each other’s company forever.
Kimi approached the forest clearing cautiously. At first, she could see nothing, and she felt a moment of fear that Davrael was not there. She knew that if he did not arrive, it would be because something had happened and her heart seemed to falter in her breast at the thought. Then she heard a soft jingle of harness and the gentle harrumph of a horse. When she looked to her right, she saw, in the shadows, someone holding the reins of two horses, a bay gelding and a dappled grey mare.
Davrael. She breathed a sigh of relief, and at that slight sound, the man turned and, letting go of the horses, ran towards her and swung her up in his arms before kissing her soundly.
Kimi laughed with pleasure at seeing her beloved, but there was no time to waste. Davrael quickly fetched the horses and the pair leaped on to them and set off at a steady canter towards the west. They headed for the pass through the mountains the Grosmerians called the Western Mountains, but the people of the plains called The Barrier, since it kept the people from the east away from their lands. The horselords rode bareback, eschewing such things as saddles. They also had no use for bits on their mounts’ bridles, considering it a violation of the horse and a symbol of slavery for their beloved animals.
They rode on until it was nearly dawn, through wooded land that slowly began to become hillier towards the east. Soon they decided that enough distance had been put between themselves and any followers so they stopped by a stream, and tended to their horses before anything else. Only then did they run into each other’s arms.
As they sunk down onto the grass, Davrael said, ‘We can’t stay too long in one place, little Mouse. They’ll have found out you’re missing by now I expect, or will do very shortly. We have about six hours start on them, that’s all, and they’ll be on fresh horses. If we sleep here for long, they’ll be on us. The horses need to rest though, and I needed to hold you, if only for a short time.’
Kimi smiled at her lover. ‘I think they may be longer than you think in mounting a pursuit, Davrael. They’ll have to find and catch the horses first.’
‘You let the horses out? Clever girl. But we must still limit our time here. I couldn’t bear to lose you after all we’ve been through.’
‘Nor I you, my darling,’ replied the girl.
They spent the next few days travelling ever eastward until they came to the pass over the mountains, and here they slowed. The passes were treacherous at the best of times, and it was winter still. Snow sometimes blocked the passes, and they both hoped they would be lucky and get through. The skies were leaden above them, heavy with more snow. Snow lay on the ground and banked up on the windward side of rocks and trees. The mountains of The Barrier towered over the pass through which they rode. The horses were gallantly plodding their way through the snow of the high pass, obedient to their riders’ demands. Davrael and Kimi were also cold. Very cold. It was the month of Majordar, which was the middle month of winter. Winter had begun with the solstice. Only now did Davrael think that maybe their haste had been ill considered, and wondered if they would have been better to wiat until spring arrived.
‘Davrael Swooping Hawk! Don’t you ever think such a thing,’ Kimi told him angrily when he ventured to say this one very cold night. ‘I would prefer to die here with you than live a moment longer in the comfort of my own home, if it meant I was living without you. I love you, and want to be with you all the time, no matter what the discomforts and hardships.’
Davrael sighed at her reply. ‘I’m sorry I said that, Mouse,’ he replied, ‘But I hate to see you so cold and hungry. I love you too much to bear the thought of you dying, even if I were to die with you, and I can’t live without you.’
So they clung together for warmth, and snuggled nearer to the fire, covered with furs and endured yet another night of cold.
The next morning, the pass began to descend towards Grosmer, and as they came to lower lands, they began to feel a little warmer, the bitter wind seemed blocked by the mountain range, and there was a little less snow. After a couple of days journeying, they found themselves at the walls of a town.
Neither of them had seen a town like Eribor before. There were few towns in their lands, and those that there were, were more a conglomeration of wooden huts, rather than true towns. This town, however, was built of stone. There were stone walls surrounding it, and a large stone keep. As they passed through the gates the guard stopped them. He demanded they state their business. They were under suspicion as Davrael’s tattoo of a hawk stooping on its prey, which he proudly wore on his face, marked him out as a Horselord of the Swooping Hawk Tribe, and one of some rank too. Kimi was also dressed as a woman of the plains in leather jerkin and trousers and with her hair in braids.
‘What brings the Horselords over the mountains?’ the guard demanded of them. ‘You lot are rarely seen this side of the range.’
They looked at each other. Both had managed to pick up a little Grosmerian, but Kimi, having been a settler, had managed a little more than Davrael since her family had traded from time to time with the people of Grosmer. The couple had decided that she would do most of the talking, but what should she say? If they said they were fugitives and outcast, they would undoubtedly be thrown into jail and thus separated if only until the law could run its due course. Then again, if they said they were running away from their parents to get married, they may be detained and returned. A consideration they could not contemplate.
‘We are on an important errand for Davrael’s father, the Chief of the Swooping Hawk Tribe,’ Kimi told them. ‘We are taking a message to Hambara for him.’
Kimi said the name of the only other town she knew of in Grosmer. Many years ago, her grandfather had travelled to that city, but Kimi could not remember why.
‘Do you have a copy of this message to show me to confirm this?’
‘Horselords no writing,’ Davrael put in, in halting Grosmerian, but looked at the guard with his most haughty expression. He truly did look like the son of a chief at that moment, and the guard quailed before his gaze.
‘Well, I suppose it will be all right to let you in. You look as if you need rest and food. There’s an inn just on the right, about fifty yards from the gate. It’s clean and not too expensive. It’s called the Invisible Mage. The sign has a picture of a mage on it.’ he added, remembering that the Horselords did not read and write. ‘He’s perfectly visible, even though the inn’s called the Invisible Mage, but I suppose it would be difficult to draw an invisible person, wouldn’t it?’
He laughed at his own wit, and opened the gate to allow them entry to the town.
As they entered, Davrael turned to Kimi. ‘I think we’ll have to sell one of the horses, Mouse,’ he said. ‘We’ve no Grosmerian coins and we’ll have to pay for somewhere to stay and we have to eat too.’
‘Oh, Davrael,’ exclaimed Kimi in dismay. She knew just what it would mean to him to sell one of his beloved horses. Horselords lived for their animals, and measured their wealth by the quality and quantity of their beasts. He was right, though. They had no money. In their land, all marketing was done on a system of barter. In the end, they decided to sell the gelding and to keep the mare as long as possible. If they could manage to keep her, they could use her as breeding stock once they got settled.
They led their horses through the streets. Sure enough, as the guard had told them, there was the Invisible Mage, but more important, right opposite was a livery. Davrael turned and led the horses through the gate.
‘We would like to sell this gelding,’ Kimi said to the man.
He turned to the horse and looked it over. He gave it a thorough examination to ensure himself it was sound, then turned to Kimi and said, ‘He’s not worth much, you know.’
Kimi understood about bargaining. She had seen the gleam in the man’s eye when he looked at the animal. It was a fine creature. One of the best the man had seen, she did not doubt, although not one of the best of Davrael’s father’s horses she knew. To take one of his tribe’s finest animals would not be Davrael’s way. So she bargained with the man and eventually got what she considered too low a price for such a magnificent animal, but it was obvious the man was not going to go any higher, so with money jingling in a pouch, they made their way over to the Invisible Mage.
They spent a couple of nights in the town, and were excited by all the new sights and sounds and smells of the place. However, they eventually decided they were not far enough away from the border where a pursuing party might come when they decided that the couple must have crossed The Barrier. They would be easy to find, as they were so distinctive. They decided to continue in an easterly direction towards Hambara.
They had few solid plans, but Davrael thought they might have more of a chance of finding work in a larger town. They walked and rode for the next few days, taking it in turns to ride Moonbeam, as Kimi had named the dappled mare, and resting either in inns or friendly farms when available, or sleeping rough when not. They paid with the money they had obtained from the sale of the gelding, and were forced to consider the possibility of having to sell Moonbeam. Kimi had become very fond of the mare on their journey and regretted they may have to sell her.
One day, as the couple was travelling through wooded country and it was getting dusk, they found themselves in a clearing, so decided to rest for the night. It was the last night of Majordar, and bitterly cold. An easterly wind was blowing from the Mountains of Doom, bringing a promise of a freezing night. There was a spring in the clearing, turning into a small stream which gurgled its way through the trees on its way to join the Avrimar, the river that passed close to Eribor, and hence to the Inner Sea by way of the Mistmere. They lit a fire to try to keep some of the cold at bay and to cook the last of their provisions, bought from a friendly farmer the previous day, and then settled down close to the fire to rest.
Suddenly, Kimi became aware of a growing light in the clearing. She opened her eyes, thinking that it could not possible be dawn yet as they had only just got to sleep. The clearing seemed to be filled with a soft golden light, and a feeling of peace and calm stole over her. She felt Davrael stir at her side, and then sit up and look around. The voice came then, soft and gentle.
It was a deep male voice, and it said, ‘Kimi, Davrael, my children. Do not be afraid, but approach the spring.’
They looked at each other and stood. The voice, although kind and gentle seemed to command their obedience so they walked hand in hand to the spring, which now seemed to look more like a beautiful fountain to their eyes. They did not see the figure at first, but then he spoke again.
‘You are blessed, my children. Love such as yours is a wonderful and rare thing. You have both given up much to be together, and you will be rewarded. I believe you wish to be committed to each other for the rest of your lives?’
‘Who are you?’ they both said at once. ‘And how do you know who we are?’ Kimi added.
‘That matters not,’ the voice replied. ‘Do you wish to vow to each other eternal love and fidelity?’
The shadowy figure stepped forward and they saw a man dressed as a scribe, carrying a scroll and a pen. He had white hair, but his face did not look old, and he was wearing a purple robe, the colour worn by the clerics of Zol, the god of learning and the consort of Kassilla, the chief deity.
After exchanging a brief look, the young couple replied in the affirmative.
‘Step forward to the spring,’ commanded the cleric.
This they did, and he asked them to speak their promises to each other.
‘Say whatever is in your heart,’ he told them, and I will record it on the scroll. Davrael began. He looked deep into Kimi’s eyes and said, ‘Kimi, my little Mouse, I promise you that I will always love you. I will give my life for you if that is necessary. I will never love another. You are my reason for living, and without you I am incomplete. This I swear before the gods themselves.’
Then Kimi replied, ‘Davrael, my one and only love, I swear before all the gods that I have never loved anyone else the way I love you. I will remain faithful to you for my entire life. Even if you should die before me, I will remain faithful to your memory, and if I should die before you, I will wait for you beyond the veil until we can go on or be reborn together.’
Their promises made, the strange man then said, ‘Enter the fountain together, and be bathed in its waters.’
After they had done so, the scribe smiled at them both, then became more serious. ‘Your promises have been noted and are irrevocable. You can now consider yourselves married. Your lives will not be easy my children.’ he went on. ‘You will face tragedy, but you will also know great happiness, and as you share your great love, you will also come to know great friendship too. You have a task before you. It will not be easy, but you have each other’s love to aid you. Go in peace, my children.’
With that, the figure disappeared. Kimi thought she heard glorious music for a while, but then that too faded. The pair looked around and to their surprise, the winter glade had become transformed by a profusion of spring flowers, which were definitely not there before. The newly married couple then returned to their bed by the fire, silently wondering exactly what had just happened.
The next morning, when they awoke, Kimi related a strange and beautiful dream to Davrael. Oddly, he too seemed to have had the same dream. They rose and went to wash in the stream. Half way there, Kimi stopped and silently pointed to their surroundings. There in the glade were hundreds of spring flowers.
‘Could it have been real, Davrael?’ she whispered. ‘Who was that man?’
Her new husband put his arm around her and hugged her to him. ‘I think, my little Mouse, we have been in the presence of one of the gods. I think that Zol himself has married us.’
CHAPTER 7

HAMBARA

The four travellers stood on a small hill overlooking the town of Hambara. It had taken almost a sixday to reach it after the rescue of Asphodel from the orcs. Those days had taken the travellers through the central mountains of Grosmer by way of deep passes. These mountains were small in comparison with the huge mountain ranges that surrounded the land, but were about two to three thousand feet in height. During this time, the travellers had become firm friends, any lasting distrust evaporating in the camaraderie of travel.
Hambara was the largest town in the region. In fact it was the regional capital, ruling the duchy of Hambara, and second only to the capital city of Grosmer, Asperilla, in size and importance. Rolling hills through which the little party had travelled over the past few days surrounded it. There were large areas of woodland and some heath, which Fero surmised were hunting grounds. Small farms similar to that of Borolis and Elpin also studded the land around. From their vantage point at the summit of the hill, the little group could see the town laid out before them as though they were looking at a map.
The town had grown up at a crossroads where the roads which travelled north/south crossed those going east/west. It had begun as a trading post and fishing town, situated as it was on the Blue Lake, and had subsequently grown to an important merchant city. It was situated in a strategically important place in almost the centre of Grosmer.
In the centre of the town, from their vantage point, the travellers could see a large area of green with a building in it. From here, the four main roads radiated out to the cardinal points of the compass. Thus the town was divided into four main areas. There were walls around what had been the original town, with gates leading through them on the main routes, but now the town had spilled out to form a sprawling complex of buildings of various shapes and sizes. These buildings seemed to form a number of concentric rings around the walls of the old town. It was obvious that some of them were dwellings. In the outermost ring, these dwellings were large and built in the main in squares, with gardens in the centre of the squares. The next ring in, were smaller dwellings with small gardens out at the back, but were obviously not the homes of the poor, they were just a little too fine and large for that. Maybe the people who worked for the rich merchants lived in them. Finally, there was a ring of what appeared to be warehouses and workshops just outside the walls. To the north, they could just glimpse the clear waters of the Blue Lake. They could not see the details inside the walls very clearly, but it seemed to be built on a different pattern, more as though the town were divided into quarters with the roads forming the borders.
‘So this is Hambara,’ stated Carthinal. He looked down on the town. ‘I suppose that area in the southwest inside the walls is the area of the temples and the mage tower. There seem to be a number of large buildings, some with spires, and I can see a tower standing up above everything else. It seems to be in some sort of green area. I think that’s where I’m going.’
‘It seems to be near the temples.’ Asphodel spoke quietly. ‘Maybe when we get to the town, we can both travel to our destinations together. Where will you two go?’ she asked Basalt and Fero.
‘I’ll go to see if there are any vacancies in the town guard or the militia first,’ replied Bas. ‘They usually need some experienced fighters. After that, if I have no luck there, I’ll look for something in metalwork. What about you, Fero? Towns don’t seem to be places rangers like very much.’
‘True, friend, but a man must eat, and there are usually people who want a guide, either for hunting, or a journey. The militia sometimes employ rangers as scouts, too. I’ll see what happens when we get there. I may come with you to see if they want anyone,’ he went on, speaking to Basalt.
‘Well, standing here’s not getting us anywhere. We’d better move on. It’ll be dark in a couple of hours and I’d like to find somewhere to rest and have a bath.' said Carthinal, 'And I have a letter to deliver to Duke Rollo.’ he revealed, beginning to move off down the hill. The others quickly followed.
The companions soon found themselves passing through an area of fine houses. This was the area in which the nobles and very rich lived. Most of them seemed to be hidden away behind walls and gates, a sure indication that their owners considered that they needed to be away from prying eyes and safe from thieves and vagabonds. Most were built in squares with gardens in the centre, as they had seen from the hill outside the town. These squares were paved with blocks to prevent mud from clogging up the wheels of carriages and the feet of people. Some of the houses had guards at their doors dressed in the livery of the house. All the guards seemed to be alert and ready to do their duty in preventing unwanted access.
Soon these houses gave way to houses without walls. These houses were built with their doors fronting onto the streets, but it was obvious that the people who lived there were not short of money. Finally, as the houses became less and less grand looking, they entered the area of warehouses.
They came to the gate just before the sun set. There was a nominal guard, but there was no sign of the gates being closed. When they asked if they were closed at night, the guard replied that they were not, as so many people lived outside the walls that they were forever opening and closing them to let people through.
‘It’s not as though there is a war or anything, is it? There are no enemies about to cause us problems since the country is no longer divided into separate kingdoms, and the other races such as orcs and hobgoblins don’t come near any more,’ the guard went on, leaning indolently against the wall of the guard house. ‘We always stop strangers to make sure they are not smuggling though. The merchants get angry if they think that cheap goods are coming into the town to undercut them. I suppose I’d better check your bags although you don’t look like merchants or smugglers. Must be seen to be doing the job.’
He made a very perfunctory search of their bags, simply opening them and looking inside. He did not move anything or take anything out.
‘Well, off you go then,’ he said. ‘I’ll pass you.’
‘It’s our first time in Hambara. Is there a good, reasonably priced inn you can recommend?’ asked Carthinal.
‘I’d try the Golden Dragon if I were you. It’s not far. Go down this road (called by the very imaginative name of Southgate Street!) and then take the second turning to the right, you’ll find yourself in Market Square. The Golden Dragon’s on the opposite side of the square. It’s clean, and the food’s plain, but good. You’ll get a bed there for a reasonable price. Tell the proprietor that Jandi sent you. He’s my sister’s husband and his name’s Keloriff. He’ll treat you well if he thinks you know me.’
They thanked Jandi, and walked on smiling.
‘I wonder how much custom Jandi drums up for his brother-in-law?’ said Fero. ‘It’s ideal for his brother-in-law to have a man at the gates to send strangers to him.’
The main streets in Hambara were cobbled and this made walking easier for the unpaved side streets appeared to be very muddy. It also showed the richness of the town for many towns at that time could not afford to do more than put wooden boards down to try to protect people from the ever-present mud. There was much traffic too, and they had to jump back several times to get out of the way of carts and carriages as well as some people on horseback.
They reached the second turning, and walked down the road for quite some time, until they were beginning to wonder if they had turned down the wrong street. The street was lined with shops, all closed up for the night. They were timber framed, and had bricks between the beams in the main, but they could see a few that seemed to be wattle and daub. The roofs were all of a red tile and were all at different heights as the buildings all had different numbers of stories. Some had only two, while they saw some with as many as five or six. Shutters were closed for the night, but occasionally a light could be seen gleaming through a crack as a shopkeeper worked late, checking his day’s takings, or an artisan was hard at work replenishing his stock. Most of the shutters on the downstairs windows closed by pulling one shutter up and one down, the lower shutter acting as a counter during the day. Upstairs were more conventional shutters, again mainly closed against the cold of the late winter night. (Few people could afford glass for the windows.) Many houses’ upper stories overhung the cobbled street, making it gloomy in the fading light. A channel ran down the centre to carry away waste and rainwater and occasionally there were gratings leading to the sewer tunnels below the town. This was one of the cobbled streets, which indicated that it was an important thoroughfare, and so the friends decided that they were on the right road after all.
Then they were suddenly out of the street and in a large open square. Around the sides of the square were various buildings, many of which were still open. These were obviously taverns, as evinced by their signs and the smell of ale and sounds of revelry coming from them, and in various parts of the square were stalls selling chestnuts, savoury and sweet pastries, pies, toffee apples and other candied fruits as well as hot drinks. Some of the buildings were closed and shuttered, and these had signs of moneylenders and pawnshops hanging over them. There were two large buildings on opposite sides of the square. One had a big golden dragon painted on the sign that was swinging in the breeze, and the other was painted in bright and garish colours. Over the door it said “Madame Dopari’s Emporium.”
‘What is that building?’ queried Asphodel, looking at the reds, blues, oranges and gold that adorned it. ‘It looks truly awful with all those clashing bright colours.’
Carthinal coughed slightly and looked at Basalt, who shrugged as though to say, ‘You tell her.’
‘The colours denote that it is—how can I put it—well, a brothel, but it is a licensed one, and checked every few weeks. The girls are all checked for their health and if any are carrying infectious diseases, they are healed by the priests,’ he went on hurriedly. ‘You can tell it’s licensed by the red letter “L” in the circle at the left of the sign.’
All Asphodel could say was ‘Oh!’ and blushed. He hoped that she would not think he was well acquainted with such establishments. She would not appreciate such knowledge he was sure.
‘Let’s get to the inn,’ Fero interrupted, to try to ease the embarrassment that Asphodel was obviously suffering.
The inn was a welcoming place. From the outside, the lights shone brightly, illuminating the cold air. The door was open, and from within there came the sound of laughter and voices in eager conversation. It was obvious that the inn was a popular place in Hambara; a place where both residents and visitors came and were made welcome. The large door was in the centre of the outside wall, and there were large windows on either side. Over the door was a sign with a painting of a gold dragon, with the words ‘The Golden Dragon Inn’, and in smaller letters, ‘The Best In Town’.
It was built in a similar style to many of the other buildings, being timber-framed and brick with an overhanging upper story. This overhang had been put to good use in that a wooden veranda had been built all along the front so that in warmer weather, customers could sit and drink in the shade of the upper storey. The latter had many small windows overlooking the square.
‘Bedrooms,’ surmised Basalt to himself.
Three steps mounted to the door, and the four travellers climbed wearily up them and entered.
‘I’ll be grateful to sleep in a bed tonight,’ mused Carthinal. ‘I’ve had enough of the ground for quite a while.’
‘Me too,’ sighed Asphodel, ‘but I must go to the temple tomorrow to report.’
‘I, too, have to go to the Mage Tower to report for my tests,’ replied Carthinal, ‘I think I should first go to see this Duke Rollo, though, and give him this letter from Duke Danu.’
Carthinal had told his friends about the paper he'd found in Mabryl's book, and they had all puzzled over its contents and what it meant. Now, after the flood and Asphodel's capture by the orcs, they felt that it might be referring to the current time.
‘I’ll come with you,’ said Basalt. ‘I can vouch for the flood and the new arrival of orcs in the land if Rollo is sceptical.’
‘I’ll do the same,’ said Fero.
‘Thank you my friends,’ replied Carthinal, ‘but don’t you have business of your own? What about talk of finding work?’
‘That can wait for half a day, eh Fero?’ said Basalt. He turned back to the apprentice mage. ‘I’ve begun to consider you to be a friend after travelling with you these past days.’
‘Yes, we’ll come with you. Moral support and all that,’ This from Fero
‘Thank you, I’d welcome your company.’
They entered the inn, which was very busy. There was a blazing fire in the fireplace set on the opposite wall of the inn, and there were tables and chairs scattered around the large and comfortable room. The bar was situated on the wall to the right of the entrance, and behind it was a door obviously leading to kitchens and probably the living quarters of Keloriff and Jandi’s sister. Stairs ascended from the left-hand side of the room to the rooms above. A young woman approached the group.
‘Find a seat and sit down, and I’ll be along in a moment,’ she said with a smile. ‘All right, Jolli, have some patience. I’ll be with you in a minute!’ she called to a large man who was trying to get her attention. She turned to another man at a nearby table. ‘Now, sir, I can take your order. Did you want a meal or just a drink?’
‘There seems to be a free table over there, near the window,’ noticed Asphodel. ‘A pity it’s not nearer to the fire, but it seems to be quite warm everywhere in here.’
They took off their cloaks and went to sit down at the table. Shortly, the young woman came to them. ‘Now, what can I get you?’ she said.
‘First, we would like a meal,’ said Carthinal. ‘And a drink, then if you have any rooms, we would like a bed each.’
‘And we were told to tell you that Jandi sent us,’ added Basalt, smiling his most winning smile.
The young woman smiled back. ‘That brother of mine. Always trying to “help” us. As if we can’t get enough custom on our own. We’re nearly run off our feet every night these days. Not like it was when we took over. The inn was very run down, and we needed all the help we could get. Then Jandi’s recommendations were a godsend. Now they can make life a little too busy at times.’
‘If you don’t have any rooms, then maybe you could recommend somewhere else.’ said Asphodel.
‘Oh no. If you gentlemen don’t mind sharing, I can move a bed out one of the other rooms and the sister can have it to herself, then I can then put it into a room with two beds. I’ve only got the two rooms left. We’re very busy at the moment, and will get busier in the next few sixnights as people come into town for the celebration of spring.’
‘Of course,’ Asphodel said in surprise. ‘It’s only about three sixnights away. I’d forgotten.’
‘Yes. And the celebrations always attract a good crowd. They start a week before and culminate on the Equinox itself. If you are still here, I’m sure you’ll enjoy it immensely. There are games, dancing, entertainers and finally the Spring Procession—and the bonfires, of course. Now, I’ll go and sort out the rooms, and order your meal. We’ve got roast mutton and baked potatoes with roast vegetables if that will be to your taste?’
‘Sounds wonderful,’ a dreamy look came over Basalt’s face as he contemplated the meal. ‘I’ll have a tankard of your finest ale to go with it.’
‘For me too,’ said Carthinal  ‘What about you, Asphodel?’
Asphodel ordered a glass of white wine from the islands in the Inner Sea and Fero decided to have a red wine from the same region.
Soon the meal arrived. The simple fare seemed like feast fit for the gods themselves, so hungry were they. They ate in silence, each of them relishing the good cooking, and meat other than rabbit, pigeon or dried beef. They finished off the meal with fruit brought by the landlady, whose name turned out to be Mabrella.
‘Would you like to use the bath house?’ Mabrella asked as she came to clear away their dishes.
‘Oh yes please,’ responded Asphodel. ‘I wouldn’t like to turn up at the temple looking and smelling like this.’
‘I’ll show you to your rooms and then to the bathhouse. You’ll have to take it in turns as it has only one bath.’
With that, Mabrella turned and made her way to the stairs. As she reached the stairs, she turned to them and said, ‘You can wash your clothes, and if you leave them in there, hanging on the line, the warmth will dry them.’
‘Thank you,’ replied Carthinal ‘I’ll be glad of clean robes.’
‘Are you here to take your Apprentice Tests?’ queried Mabrella. ‘Only I notice that you are an apprentice. There are some tests due to begin soon, I believe.’ Mabrella glanced at Carthinal’s tawny-red robes.
‘Yes I am,’ replied Carthinal. ‘We had a little trouble at the ford on the Brundella. There was a flood and the entire caravan was swept away except for Asphodel, Basalt and myself. Asphodel and I were very lucky to have just about got across when the flood struck, but Basalt was swept downstream. We met him later on the road, then Fero turned up, which was lucky, as I don’t think that two of us would have made it. Fero’s hunting and tracking skills are excellent, and he kept us from starving.’
They reached the landing, and Mabrella showed them to a pair of doors that stood opposite each other at the end of the corridor.
‘Sister, I’ve given you the room overlooking the square,’ Mabrella addressed Asphodel in the customary way the people addressed the clergy. ‘It is a much more interesting view. Gentlemen, your room overlooks the stable yard and the bathhouse. I hope you don’t mind, but as I said, they’re the last two rooms we have.’ apologised Mabrella.
‘Anything with a proper bed will do me,’ replied Bas. ‘Even if it is in the cellar with no view at all.’
‘I don’t think they would allow a dwarf to sleep in the cellar with all that ale stored there,’ teased Carthinal.
Basalt responded with ‘Humph!’

Asphodel entered the room and sat down on the bed with a sigh. She looked out of her window down onto the Market Square. It was going dark so she could only see from the light streaming out of the inn windows and the taverns and the brothel. The stallholders seemed to be doing a good trade from the local people. This square seemed to be a natural meeting place for the townsmen and women. Many folk were buying their evening meal from the stall- holders and wandering around chatting to friends and neighbours whilst eating the various goodies they had bought. There were both rich and poor there, she could see, but the rich did not seem to be eating as much as the poor. They would be going home to a good meal cooked by their staff, she suspected.
Then Asphodel turned her attention to the room. It was not large, but very clean. It had pale green curtains at the windows, and the walls were painted a slightly darker green. There was, as well as the bed, a large cupboard and a chest of drawers. Someone had been in and lit a fire in the small fireplace, above which was a mantelpiece with some glass ornaments. An oil lamp burned on a table under the window, giving off a warm, cheery glow. Asphodel sighed. It was good to be back in civilisation. She was looking forward now to getting to the temple, whatever the letter that Mother Caldo had written to accompany her said. Now to get clean.
Picking out a clean, white robe and scarlet sash from her pack, she wandered down towards the bathhouse. She found it easily enough from the steam rising from the chimney, and she entered to find again, a clean and welcoming room. There was a large copper boiler in one corner with a fire burning under it. It was filled to the brim with water, which was nearly boiling. Standing next to it was a bucket, obviously for taking the water to the bath. In the other corner was a pump, with another bucket, for filling with cold water to cool the hot water so that it was amenable to the skin. She took a bucket of the hot water and tipped it into the sunken bath in the centre of the room. When she had almost half-filled the bath with the hot water, she added cold from the pump until it was a cool enough to enter. There were bars of soap in a glass pot. It was expensive soap, with a pleasant perfume. She selected one with the scent of lavender and then, after undressing, she stepped into the bath and leaned back luxuriating in the warmth of the water. She soaped herself all over and then washed her long black hair, which she rinsed with clean water from the pump. Lying back in the bath, Asphodel almost fell asleep. She had not realised how tired she was. Soon she decided that she had better go back to her room and sleep in the bed—oh yes! The Bed—so that the others could use the bathhouse, rather than sleeping in the bath. She quickly washed her robe and hung it on the line, and then after towelling herself dry with the fluffy warm, white towels that were provided, she slipped into her clean robe and left the bathhouse. It was cold outside and she hurried across the courtyard to the inn and up the stairs. Once back upstairs she knocked on the door of the room that the others were sharing and told them that she had finished and that they could use the bath house, and she slipped into her bed and within minutes was fast asleep.
CHAPTER 8

THIEF

The next morning Carthinal woke to the sounds of the inn preparing for the day. At first, he could not remember where he was, and then he realised that he was in a warm, soft bed in a warm and cosy room. He stretched, and lay back to savour the comfort, but then a voice broke his dreaming.
‘About time you woke up. There are things to do today, or have you forgotten, with this comfortable living?’
Carthinal threw a pillow at Basalt, for it was indeed he who was speaking.
‘Allow me a few moments grace to wake up properly,’ he scolded the dwarf, good-naturedly. ‘Where is Fero?’
‘Up and about long ago,’ replied the grinning dwarf, returning the pillow with an accuracy that hit Carthinal right on the nose. ‘We’re meeting Asphodel downstairs for breakfast in about ten minutes. Think you’ll manage to make it?’
Carthinal nodded, and rose out of bed. He washed quickly in the water in the jug, which was now cold, but had been hot when Fero brought it up from the bathhouse, and pulled a comb through his shoulder-length auburn hair. Then he dressed in his clean robes and made for the door.
‘Hey, wait for me!’ called Bas.
‘I thought you were the one waiting for me! Come on then.’ With that, Carthinal left the room.
Downstairs, he found Fero and Asphodel sitting at a table near the fire. They waved and beckoned the others to the table which was laden with warm rolls, butter, preserves and from a pot on the table came the delicious aroma of fresh coffee.
‘We can have something cooked if you wish. Mabrella offered it, but Asphodel and I prefer to break our fast lightly,’ Fero said as they approached the table.
‘This is just fine by me,’ replied Carthinal. ‘What about you, Bas?’
‘It looks and smells delicious. Pour some of that coffee, will you, Asphodel. It seems forever since I had a drink of such a delicious smelling beverage.’
As Asphodel poured coffee for them all, and they tucked into the homemade rolls and preserves, they discussed the plans for the day.
‘We shouldn’t go too early to see Duke Rollo,’ Asphodel said. ‘We don’t know how early he rises or what his plans are for the mornings. Maybe we’ll have to make an appointment if he’s very busy today.’
‘We can first have a look at the town. Find our bearings, and also get directions to the Duke’s residence. We, Asphodel, also need to find out how to get to our own destinations, and Fero and Basalt to theirs.’ Carthinal pointed out.
After a good breakfast, and feeling rested and full, the four set off to explore the town. The Market Square was beginning to come alive with the stallholders setting up their stalls in readiness for the day’s trade. There were already people in the square hoping to get the best of the goods on sale before everyone else came.
The four wandered around until they came to the street by which they had entered the previous evening. They walked slowly along, looking at the wares now on display in the windows of the various shops. This street seemed to be mainly hardware, with the shops selling pots and pans, cutlery, buckets, farming implements etc. There were many dwarves among the shopkeepers, as dwarven metalwork was always of the highest quality and greatly in demand. One shop drew their attention in particular. It was selling metal goods of an ornamental design. Some things were purely decorative, while others were functional, but with such beautiful workmanship and with embossed parts that they all thought it would be a pity to use them. There were drinking vessels that were engraved with intricate designs, knives with delicately etched designs in their blades, forks with elaborate handles and many, many more.
Other streets seemed also to be dedicated to particular types of shop. There was a street full of butchers’ shops, one of bakers, another, from the smell, was the street dedicate to fishmongers. There were jewellers, grocers, haberdashers, milliners, shoe shops and clothes shops. There were shops dedicated to hunting, others to spices and herbs. One road was filled with shops selling armour and another dedicated to weapons of various kinds. It seemed that every type of goods could be bought here in Hambara.
‘Of course, we are in the merchant area,’ Basalt reminded them.
There were many people around and Fero in particular was feeling rather uncomfortable, being much happier in the wilderness. They felt the crowds were jostling them rather a lot.
Suddenly, Carthinal cried out, ‘That boy! He’s just taken my pouch,’ pointing to a quickly disappearing youth with a mop of curly red hair.
‘You won’t catch him now,’ pointed out a man who was walking past. ‘He’s no doubt passed your pouch onto his companions by now, and they will be long gone.’
‘Did you have much in it?’ asked Asphodel, concerned.
‘Not much of my money, but it did have the figurine we were taking to Duke Rollo,’ replied Carthinal. ‘Damn! That should not have happened. How did I let that happen?’
‘These things happen in cities,’ Fero laid a hand on Carthinal’s arm. ‘One reason that I don’t like to be in them for too long.’ 
‘I know! I know! Of all people, I know!’ Carthinal was angry with himself .
‘What’s done is done, lad,’ comforted Basalt. ‘It’s no use trying to undo it.’
‘You’re right of course, but how did I allow myself to slip like that?’
‘Come on Carthinal. At least you didn’t have all your money in it. You were sensible enough to put some elsewhere,’ said Asphodel. ‘We’ll just have to explain to Duke Rollo that you haven’t got the figurine any more, and how you lost it.’
‘But he may not believe us if we don’t have it for identification,’ argued Carthinal.
‘Maybe, but we still have the letter. It is signed, and it has a seal,’ went on Asphodel, unsure as to why Carthinal was so very angry with himself over what must be a common occurrence, especially as little of his money had gone.
‘I suppose you’re right but I’m still angry that I let my guard down so I could be robbed. Also, the Duke may think we are planning on keeping the figurine ourselves, and have made up the story of the thief,’ he replied. 'It is made of gold after all.'
The others eventually managed to placate Carthinal, and they set about trying to find the way to Duke Rollo’s house. As it happened, it was not difficult to get directions. The first person that they asked directed them to the centre of the town, to the green parkland that they had noticed from the hill. They walked along towards the town’s centre. Basalt’s observation from the hill outside town was obviously correct, that the house in the centre of the park was the Duke’s residence.
‘I hope he’s there and not out of town,’ said Asphodel. ‘These important people sometimes have business to attend to in other places, as well as other homes in the country.’
‘I don’t think he’ll be at his country residence at this time of the year,’ replied Fero. ‘It’ll be a bit chilly. Anyway, he wouldn’t be likely to be away from his main residence for the Equinox would he?’
‘Well if he is away, we’ll leave the letter and tell someone where we can be found if he needs us,’ suggested Carthinal. ‘Come on. Let’s go. Asphodel needs to get to her temple and I need to go and report to the Tower today as well.’
Soon the four of them came to the gates in the centre of the town. They were at the northern end of a large square. The gates were closed, and a small building was situated just inside. They saw that there was a bell on the gates, and Carthinal rang it. A man came out of the building. He was a large man with greying hair and beard and he had obviously been in the army at one time for he carried a two-handed sword as though he knew how to use it and was willing to do so on any visitors.
‘State yer business,’ he said in a gruff voice.
‘We wish to see Duke Rollo,’ Asphodel told him, giving him her sweetest smile. Her charm did not work on this rough warrior though.
‘Yeah! They all do. I need to know why you want ter see ’im afore I open these ’ere gates,’ he growled.
‘We have a letter for him,’ said Carthinal. ‘It's from Duke Danu of Bluehaven.'
‘Gi’ me th’ letter an’ I’ll send it up to th’ House,’ the other replied. ‘Jondo! There’s a letter fer ’is Lordship ’ere. Tak’ it up ter th’ House.’ The capital letter was obvious in his voice.
A boy came out of the building at the big man’s call. He was about nine years old, and bore enough of a resemblance to the old warrior that it was obvious that he was a close relative; probably his grandson.
The boy looked at the man and said, ‘I’ll run all th’ way. See how quick I c’n be this time. I bet I c’n beat me record.’
‘OK! But be sure an’ be quick. These ’ere people haven’t too much time to waste, I’m sure.’
At this, the boy set off at a run along the tree-lined drive.
‘Yer’ll have ter wait ’ere till ’e comes back if yer want a reply. May’ap th’ Duke’ll see yer, may’ap ’e won’t. Depends on what’s in yon letter,’ The old warrior said. ‘P’raps I can let yer through th’ gate so’s the young lady can sit down, but no messin’. I knows how to use me sword, an’ I’m pretty ’andy with a cross bow too.’
‘We’ll put all our weapons down if that will ease your mind,’ said Carthinal. He was rewarded by a scowl from Basalt.
‘If th’ Duke’s gonna see yer, yer’ll have ter leave yer weapons ’ere anyways,’ replied the man. ‘Don’t let no one in wi’ weapons, don’t the Duke. Afraid someone’ll harm Lady Randa, ’e is.’
‘Who’s Lady Randa?’ asked Asphodel. ‘His wife?’
‘Naw. Yer new in town ain’t yer or ye’d know. Lady Randa’s ’is daughter. Eighteen years old and spoiled rotten she is. Anyway, mustn’t talk out o’ turn. It’s the duke’s business ’ow ’e treats ’is daughter. ’E’s allus been good ter me though. Give me this job when I retired from ’is guard.’
The boy returned quickly, and was somewhat out of breath.
‘Granda,’ he panted. ‘The Duke asked they be sent up to th’ House straight away.’
‘Well, well. That is a mighty important letter,’ the old guard said. ‘Go on then. Straight along th’ drive. Can’t miss th’ House. Yer can collect yer weapons when yer returns.’
‘I feel naked,’ grumbled Basalt as they walked along the drive towards the house.
‘What do you mean?’ asked Asphodel.
‘Without my weapons. I go everywhere with them. We could be set upon from out of these trees and have no means of defending ourselves.’
‘Don’t be silly, Bas. I’d like to see anyone get past that old guard, and we needn’t fear the Duke, I’m sure,’ Asphodel reassured him, but the dwarf was still uncomfortable and rather jumpy when they reached the end of the avenue of trees and saw another set of gates before them. As they approached, a guard in a scarlet jacket and black trousers opened the gates. He carried a sword sheathed at his hip.
As they passed through the gate, he saluted them and said, ‘Go straight to the main doors, Sirs and Sister. You are expected.’
‘A slightly different reception,’ whispered Asphodel to Carthinal.
‘Yes, but here they know we’re coming and what it’s all about. Out there we could be anyone,’ he pointed out.
They passed through formal gardens on the way to the main doors. On either side of the path were gardens with winter flowering plants whose perfume hung on the air giving a promise of the spring to come. After about thirty yards, the path divided to go around a fountain in the centre of a pool. Golden fish swam in the pool, the like of which none of the four companions had ever seen before. The fountain was in the shape of a water nymph, and she was pouring water from a large shell into the pool, the surface of which was covered with large water lily leaves.
Beyond the pool, and after some more formal garden edged with small neatly trimmed box hedges, steps climbed up to a terrace which ran along the entire front elevation of the building. There was a low wall along the garden side of the terrace and at the top of the steps were two large urns, one on each side planted with small conifers and more of the winter flowering plants. Large double doors stood in the centre of the House with gilding in an intricate pattern all around the edge. There were large windows to each side of the door, two on either side, and columns, holding up a stone porch to keep anyone standing at the door dry in inclement weather, flanked the door
As they approached the door, it opened, and an elf in red and black livery stood aside to allow them to enter. He was dark-haired with the natural good looks and elegance of all elves. He looked at them with some suspicion in his blue eyes, but bowed politely as they entered the House. They passed under the porch and found themselves in a large and elegant entrance hall. The floor was of marble and at the far end of the room was an imposing staircase, also of marble. The staircase began in the centre of the far wall and divided half way up, each side sweeping up to the first floor. There were doors off the hall on either side, three on the left and two on the right. The third door on the left was almost hidden under the staircase. On each side of the hall was a small table. One had a bust of a young man and on the other side was an urn filled with dried grasses and seed heads, making a very elegant arrangement.
On the floor was a long golden coloured carpet, running the length of the hall and up the centre of the stairs, and on the walls were beautiful paintings, all in a colour scheme to match the room. The floor itself was a cream marble and the banisters of the stairs were gilded.
The walls were of a creamy colour that perfectly matched the marble floor, if a little deeper in tone. The impression that was given was one of understated wealth and excellent taste.
‘The Duke will see you in his study,’ the elf told them. ‘Follow me.’ He began to walk towards the third door on the left.
When he reached it, he knocked twice and then entered and announced them. ‘Your guests, sir,’ he said. ‘Should I send them in?’
A deep and musical voice replied, ‘Yes of course, and bring some wine, please, Daramissillo.’
They entered a room with two windows, making it appear very light and airy. The first window was in the wall opposite the door, and the second was on the wall to their right, opening on a garden. To their left was a fireplace with a fire burning in it and a second door at the far side of it.
Immediately opposite the door was a large wooden desk inlaid with tooled leather, but at the moment covered with books and papers. A man was seated behind the desk. He was in his late forties or early fifties, so Carthinal estimated, and had obviously been a warrior in his youth. He looked as though he still kept himself fit, however, his physique being that of a younger man, but his age was given away by the grey in his once fair hair. He wore his hair in a fashionable style, just touching his collar at the back. His blue eyes held an intelligence that indicated that he was not easily taken in by falsehoods.
‘He must have been a very handsome man in his youth,’ thought Asphodel to herself.
‘Come in and seat yourselves by the fire. It’s rather cold today and I’m sure you want to get warm,’ the deep voice said. ‘I’m Duke Rollo although you have probably guessed that. I’ll be with you in a minute. I’ve just got to sign these last couple of papers. Always papers to read and sign running a dukedom, you know.’
There was another knock on the door, and Daramissillo returned with the promised wine. He poured out five glasses, gave one to each of them and one to the Duke and quietly withdrew, leaving the tray with the bottle on a small table near the hearth.
While the Duke finished his paperwork, the group sat down in four comfortable chairs that were arranged around the blazing fire in the hearth on the left-hand wall of the study. Over the fireplace was a painting of a beautiful young woman. She had grey eyes and long, brunette hair and the sweetest smile on her face. They found that the picture was so riveting that they could hardly tear their eyes from it.
‘Ah I see you’ve been captivated by that painting, as have all who have seen it,’ said the Duke, approaching them soon afterwards. ‘It is the work of the artist Demando, and one of his best works, but it doesn’t do justice to the original. No, nowhere near,’ he added in a very quiet voice, almost to himself.
‘Is it your daughter, sir?’ said Fero. ‘We heard you have a daughter.’
‘No, friend,’ the Duke replied sadly. ‘It’s a portrait of my wife, who died just eighteen years ago this month. In fact, the anniversary of her death and the birthday of my daughter were just two days ago.’
Carthinal voiced their sympathy for his loss as seemed proper to do. Then the Duke seemed to pull himself together and asked for introductions to the group. After they had finished giving their names, the duke held up the letter.
‘Where did you get this?’ he asked them. ‘This letter contains some rather disquieting information. I would rather not reveal it until I’ve thought about it some more, but I wanted to see you to convince myself that you’re not mischief-makers. Tell me the story as to how you came by this letter. The letter also says that you should have something to let me know that you are genuinely from Danu. I would like to see that as well.’
Carthinal told the story of how he had found the paper with the prophecy in the book that Mabryl had bought and how Mabryl had told Duke Danu about it. He went on to relate how they had been caught up in the flood on the Brundella and told of Mabryl's death, tears coming to his eyes at the thought. He went on to explain how Basalt and Fero had come into their company, and of the kidnap of Asphodel by the orcs. He told of his disquiet that the orcs were raiding so far from their usual areas, and finally he explained how he had lost the identifying figurine.
Duke Rollo listened intently, then said, ‘If you can get the figurine back as proof of your veracity, I would be grateful. It would take away any doubts I may have that this is truly a letter from my old friend and not some trick. Your story has a ring of truth to my ears, but those whom we may be dealing with are masters of deceit. I must be sure. If you can’t find the ring, then I must think long and hard, and pray to the gods that I come to the correct decision. Meanwhile, if you let me know where I may find you if I need to ask you any more questions I would be grateful.’
Carthinal then told him that they were staying at the Golden Dragon Inn but that Asphodel would be going to the temple of Sylissa that afternoon, and some of the time he, himself, would be in the Mage Tower taking his tests.
At the mention of the Golden Dragon, Duke Rollo smiled. ‘I bet Jandi was on duty when you arrived, wasn’t he?’
When they replied in the affirmative, he replied, ‘He always sends travellers to his sister’s inn. Not that it isn’t one of the best in town, and very reasonably priced, I’m told, but she’s often over-crowded and run off her feet. Still, he means well.’
The duke then stood up, and seeing that they had all finished their wine, he rang the bell that called Daramissillo.
‘Please show our guests out,’ he told the elf, then he extended his hand to each of them in turn, and bade them farewell. After they had left, the duke rang the bell on his desk once more, and Daramissillo entered again. The duke spoke to him. ‘I want you to find out as much as you can about those four that have just left. The letter they brought contained worrying news and I must be certain that it is genuine. Find out where they came from, and something about their backgrounds. I want them stopped from leaving the city just at the moment. Nothing too obvious mind. Make sure the dwarf and the ranger can’t get work. The mage will be around for a few days at least as he told me he’s taking his tests and the elf is bound for the temple of Sylissa. Send a message to the Great Father there and ask him to come and see me as soon as he is able. I know he’s a busy man, but he may be able to help with details of the elf, and how to detain her if she plans to go anywhere else. Use whatever methods you can.’
Daramissillo began to leave, after bowing to the duke when the duke said, ‘Oh! And find out if any of the fences in the town have bought a gold figurine in the shape of a horse. That will be all,’ and he dismissed the elf with a wave of his hand.
After Daramissillo had left, the duke sat thinking deeply, a frown on his handsome face. He rubbed a hand over his hair and sighed. Why must there always be problems for him to resolve? He supposed that was what being the Duke was about—responsibility for others’ welfare.
‘What kind of ruler will Randa make when I'm gone,’ he wondered. 'I’m afraid that I’ve indulged her too much. Ah well, too late to worry about that now. I must try to decide what to do about this current problem.’
With those thoughts he returned to his work.

When the four left the Ducal Palace, they made their way to the gates.
‘I don’t think the duke was too impressed that we didn’t have the figurine,’ observed Fero.
‘No. And that’s all my stupid fault,’ growled Carthinal in reply. ‘I know what cities are like and how thieves operate in them. I should have been more wary. Now Asphodel and I must go, she to the temple of Sylissa, and I to the Mage Tower. I’ll see you both at the inn this evening I trust?’
‘Yes, Carthinal, we’ll be at the inn,’ replied Fero with a smile. ‘I don’t expect we will find work so quickly.’
The four split up, Carthinal and Asphodel heading to the Temple area, and the others back to the inn. As they approached the temple, Carthinal felt a reluctance to say goodbye to Asphodel. He had begun to think of her as a good friend on their journey and was attracted by her delicate beauty. They stopped at the bottom of the steps of a large white temple. A white banner with a blue triskel flew from the flagpole above the large double doors, which were in turn embossed with gold triskels, the symbol of Sylissa, and signifying life. He held out his hand, and she took it. On impulse, he dropped a swift, light kiss on the top of her black hair.
‘This looks like goodbye, then,’ he said ‘I hope all goes well. I know you will be a wonderful healer one day in spite of anything I said in anger after Mabryl’s death. I apologise for my behaviour then. It was inexcusable.’ With that, he turned and strode quickly away before Asphodel could reply. She watched for a few moments, and then turned and slowly made her way up the steps to the doors of the temple.

Carthinal, ignoring the feelings of sadness that were threatening to envelop him, continued along to the turning for the Tower. He felt he had lost another important person in his life when he said goodbye to Asphodel, and he wondered at the feeling. He hardly knew her yet he she was beginning to become important to him. He turned right along a road that was dominated by the sight of the Tower at the end and his thoughts turned to that edifice. It was truly an impressive building. It was about ten stories tall, and if the rumours were true, there were many more floors below ground level, where research was carried out. The tower was built of a golden coloured stone, and there were windows around its circumference. The top was roofed over in grey slate, and a walkway surrounded the highest storey, giving the tower an overhang at the top.
He came to a pair of gates set in an iron fence, inside of which were grassy areas and water features, with shady walks and hidden areas where a person could sit quietly and read or just think. The whole feeling was one of calm. Carthinal felt his apprehensions drifting away as he approached the gates. A gatekeeper saw him, and immediately saw that he was an apprentice, and probably here for the tests. He asked Carthinal his name, and then consulted a list that he had in his shelter.
‘You were expected before now, and we expected two of you, but enter,’ he said. ‘Go and report to the main entrance.’
There seemed little in the way of security, unlike at the Palace. He was obviously the last, as the gatekeeper began to pack up the papers as he walked through. Carthinal supposed that the awe and fear in which most people held mages would be enough to protect the tower and its occupants from unwelcome intruders, and he assumed that there were magical defences as well.
He entered the doors and found himself in a large round room that covered the entire ground floor. Stairs wound up the tower from the opposite side of the room, and there was also a staircase that went down, confirming the rumours that there were floors beneath the ground. Suddenly a strange thought struck Carthinal. He was sure that this room was bigger than it should be. It seemed to be bigger than the outside. Carthinal was looking around, to try to sort out the disorientating feeling when he was approached by a man in the scarlet robes of a probationary mage, one in his first year after qualifying.
‘You must be Carthinal. My name’s Dabbock,’ he exclaimed. ‘You’re the last of the apprentices for this session. You’re just in time. The tests begin tomorrow, and you must be briefed with the others in about an hour. Where’s your Master?Apprentices rarely come alone, although strangely enough, there is one other without his master this time.’
Carthinal crushed the brief feeling of sorrow, and squeezed back the tears that threatened to come at the mention of Mabryl.
‘He met with an accident on the way here, and unfortunately, in spite of the ministrations of a novice of Sylissa, he died.’
‘I am sorry to hear it,’ Dabbock replied. ‘I heard that Mabryl was a great mage and I was looking forward to meeting him. You must come with me to Tharron. He was my Master until I passed the Tests. He was a friend of Mabryl when they were students, and they kept in touch. He asked to see you when you arrived.’
‘Yes, I’ve heard Mabryl speak of him. He regarded him very highly and said that he was one of the greatest teachers of magic alive today.’
Carthinal did not want to have to repeat the story of Mabryl’s death, but he saw that he had no choice, so he followed the other man up the stairs. They climbed three flights, and then his guide knocked on a door.
A voice called, ‘Enter.’
The pair did so. His guide introduced him to a man seated behind a desk, reading a large book and then withdrew. The man was grey-haired but youthful looking, and was wearing black robes.
He stood and held out his hand. ‘I’m Tharron,’ he said in a light tenor voice. ‘I was hoping that Mabryl would be with you. He usually comes. It must have been something important if he’s not here.’
Carthinal briefly related the news of Mabryl’s death.
Tharron was obviously taken aback by the news. ‘You’d better tell me about it,’ he said. 
Carthinal began to tell him about the events that had transpired on the journey. He was telling the tale for the second time in a day, and he had to stop once during the telling, when he got to the actual death of his master. He was obviously overcome, and Tharron passed him a glass of water.
‘What a tragedy. You obviously feel his loss deeply. Please pass me the documents that he had regarding your tests.’
This Carthinal did, and Tharron read them with interest. ‘I know he’d adopted you. You’re therefore his heir, since he never married and had children of his own. You’re down on these papers as Carthinal Mabrylson. In this letter he says that he is absolutely certain that you will have no problems, and that he thinks that one day you will become one of the great mages of Vimar.’ Tharron looked up from the papers. ‘That is very high praise from a man like Mabryl, but I mustn’t keep you. My condolences on your loss. I’ll hope to speak with you again, but you must go and join the other apprentices and eat something before the briefing.’
With that, he called Dabbock back into the room and told him to take Carthinal to the dining room where he should be able to find some lunch, and then to the briefing room.
After a light lunch, Carthinal went with Dabbock to the room known as the briefing room. It was on the first floor, and was a relatively small room. Here he met the other apprentices who were thought by their masters to be ready to progress to probationer status. There were five of them. Carthinal realised with a pang that all but one of them had their masters with them. The room seemed crowded with ten people in it, but shortly, after giving last minute instructions, the masters withdrew.
The apprentices looked at each other anxiously, until one of them said,  ‘Look, we’re going to be in each other’s company for a few days, so let us introduce ourselves. My name is Laurre.’
Laurre was a very tall young man with rather untidy, mousy brown hair, and rather prominent teeth. He was very thin and looked as though he needed a good meal.
The others then introduced themselves.
Olipeca was a human woman, rather small and retiring with brown hair tied in a tight bun away from her face in a style, which emphasised her rather pointed features. She could have been pretty if she made more effort and did her hair in a less severe way, Carthinal thought. Hammevaro seemed to be very fond of himself and said how certain he was of doing well. He was the other apprentice whose master was not with him. He made everyone to understand that he was sure to get the best marks as well as have both the girls fall for him, and he tossed his mane of golden hair to draw everyone’s attention to it. He was undoubtedly very good looking, but his pale blue eyes were cold even when he smiled, which he seemed to do for effect rather than from genuine amusement or friendliness. He was the other apprentice without his master present. Carthinal took an instant dislike to him. Grimmaldo was a friendly young man of medium stature and build, with light brown hair that he wore much shorter than the other men, just barely scraping the collar of his robe. He had a ready smile and a wicked sense of humour that was apparent in the twinkle in his greenish-blue eyes. Not particularly good-looking, he more than made up for this by his personality. Finally Ebrassaria introduced herself. She was an elf with black hair. Superficially, she reminded Carthinal of Asphodel, but it was only superficial. Although she had the good looks of all elves, she spoiled it rather haughty expression. In addition, her eyes were a rather muddy brown, not the clear grey of Asphodel’s. Carthinal thrust the thoughts of Asphodel to the back of his mind and he concentrated on listening to the others.
He noticed Olipeca looking at him and smiling shyly, and he smiled back. She came over to him, encouraged by his smile.
‘I’m a little nervous about this.’ She spoke quietly, almost apologetically. ‘My mistress says I’m ready, but I’m not too sure. It’s not the written part that worries me but the practical test. I’ve heard that they put you through dreadful things and that sometimes people...you know...die.’
This last in a whisper so quiet that Carthinal had to struggle to hear. He had heard this rumour too, but he tried to reassure her. Then the door opened and Tharron entered.
He spoke briefly to the group, who had sat down on the chairs provided, Carthinal finding himself between Olipeca and Grimmaldo. 
Tharon gave them a brief summary of the procedures for the tests and then said, ‘Thank you for listening to me, ladies and gentlemen. Now your time is your own.’
Grimmaldo came up and said, ‘We’re going to go for a drink, are you coming, Carthinal?’
‘Yes, I think I will,’ he replied.
The group set off from the tower, with the exception of Ebrassaria who said that she thought she should study and that they were all rather foolish. Anyway they would be going to places where there were a lot of humans (she made it sound as though she were talking of slugs or worms or some other such revolting creatures) and she did not want to involve herself with them except when there was no alternative.
They left the confines of the tower, and as it was still only mid afternoon, they decided to go and explore the town. As they passed the temple of Sylissa, Carthinal could not help but look to see if he could catch a glimpse of Asphodel. Then he told himself not to be stupid. She was safely inside, probably worshipping her goddess at this very moment.
The group of apprentices wandered around the town aimlessly, and then suddenly they found themselves in the area known as the Warren.
‘Hey!’ cried Grimmaldo ‘This is the thieves’ quarter I think.’
Olipeca quietly drew nearer to Carthinal. ‘I wish we hadn’t come here,’ she whispered. ‘Anything could happen. I wish I’d stayed in the tower like Ebrassaria.’
Before Carthinal had time to reply to her, he became aware of a mop of unruly, curly red hair at the end of the street. He recognised the thief who had stolen his pouch with the figurine in it. He must not let him escape. He began to draw the mana into himself preparing to send a mind-influencing spell to the youth that would make him believe he was tired and must sleep. The others were surprised at hearing the spell, and stopped in their tracks. With a wave of his hand, Carthinal released the spell and the redheaded thief yawned and then lay down in the road to sleep.
‘What the...’ stuttered Laurre as Carthinal ran down to where the thief lay sleeping peacefully in the street. Some people had stopped to stare, but most shrugged and moved on. It was not wise to interfere with the business of others in the Warren, especially when that other was a mage. When the others arrived, Carthinal had picked up the thief, a young boy of about fourteen or fifteen.
‘He stole something from me this morning and I intend to get it back,’ he explained. ‘I’m taking him to my lodgings.’
‘You won’t hurt him will you?’ whispered Olipeca.
‘No. I think I can get my goods back without resorting to violence,’ replied Carthinal, smiling, and with that, he strode off towards the Golden Dragon Inn, the thief over his shoulder, leaving the other apprentices standing staring after him in amazement.
CHAPTER 9

THAD

Carthinal lifted the young thief over his shoulder. He was not heavy, and so it was not difficult for him to carry the lad. Shortly after they had left the Warren, he felt the boy stirring.
‘Hey! Put me down, you bastard!’ he cried.
Carthinal did so, but did not release his grip on the boy’s arm. The boy was struggling, but was nowhere near as strong as Carthinal, and his efforts were futile.
‘If you don’t struggle, you won’t get hurt,’ said Carthinal. ‘You’ll come with me to the inn. I’ll let go of you, but if you run, remember I am a mage. I may forget I said I wouldn’t hurt you.’
‘OK, I’ll not run,’ replied the boy sulkily.
The pair walked along side by side, each watchful and distrustful of the other until they came to the square in which the Golden Dragon was situated.
‘They’ll not let me in there!’ exclaimed the boy.
‘Leave it to me,’ replied Carthinal. ‘I think I can get in with you. I’m good at talking my way out of situations, and so I think I can talk my way into the inn with you.’
As luck would have it, there were few people about, so Carthinal did not have any problems entering the inn with the young thief. As he passed through the public room, Basalt and Fero waved at him to come over to sit by the fire. He walked over with the boy in tow.
‘What have you got there… and why?’ queried Basalt while Fero raised an eyebrow at the boy’s dirty and unkempt look.
‘The thief who robbed me this morning. I spotted his red hair running away after he’d picked my pocket, and saw him again a few minutes ago,’ replied Carthinal ‘I want to get my goods back. I’m taking him upstairs and I intend to find out what he has done with his ill-gotten gains.’
‘I hope you don’t intend to hurt him,’ Fero said with an anxious look at the boy.
‘Gods! What do people think I am? Of course I won’t hurt him,’ snapped Carthinal. ‘You’re the second one to ask me that.’
‘I apologise, Carthinal,’ Fero was truly contrite, ‘but I fail to see how just talking to him will make him give up his secrets.’
‘I have my little ways,’ smiled Carthinal, tapping the side of his nose, and with that he took the boy’s arm and went up the stairs, leaving the others looking after him with bemused expressions on their faces. Fero shrugged and returned to his drink then after a few more seconds, Basalt did the same.
Once in the room, Carthinal surprised the boy by speaking to him in the language of the underworld, developed by the under-classes so that the Guard and others could not understand them when messages were passed.
‘I want my goods back. You cut my pouch this morning. You ran. You are very good, but not good enough. I saw. I recognise you now.’
‘How do you know cant?’ replied the thief, with a look of amazement in his green eyes. ‘You don’t look like one of us.’
‘No matter,’ replied Carthinal. ‘You get my pouch back and return it to me. But I don’t trust you out in the streets. You’ll run and hide. Then you’ll stay low until I leave. I’ll come with you to get it.’
‘You must be one of us if you speak cant, even if you look like one of the grollin.’  The boy used the disparaging word the thieves used for the honest population of Grosmer. ‘I’ll return your pouch. We don’t steal from our own. You come with me now.’ The boy stood and started to walk towards the door.
After a second’s hesitation, Carthinal followed. ‘I should be studying for tomorrow,’ he thought, ‘But this will probably be my only chance to get the figurine back. I must take it.’ With that thought, he followed the boy out and down the stairs, quickly catching up with him.
‘Going to get my stolen things,’ he called to Bas and Fero, leaving them gaping after him, and wondering how he had persuaded the lad to return them.
The pair of them walked through the Market Square.
‘What’s your name, boy?’ asked Carthinal.
After a second’s hesitation, the boy replied, ‘Thad, sir.’ It seemed he had a new respect for Carthinal, honouring him with a “sir”.
‘I assume that is short for Merothad. But there’s no need to call me “sir”. I’m just another punter who has been stupid enough to be caught by a very good “dip.” My name’s Carthinal.’
‘That’s twice you said I were real good, s… er Carthinal. D’you really think so? That’s so cool.’ The boy seemed to glow in the slight praise.
‘Yes, I do. You have some things to learn yet though. Like not getting caught. One thing you could do is hide your red hair with a hood, you know. You are not very old are you? Thirteen? Fourteen?’ asked the half-elf.
‘Fifteen, Carthinal. Sixteen just after the Equinox.’
‘You’re rather small for your age. Still, there are plenty of folk who are small at your age and grow quickly after that to overtake their taller friends. You may be a giant yet!’
The boy laughed at that idea, but seemed to be warming to his captor. They came to the edge of the Warren.
‘We’re now come on my patch. We talk cant from here or we’ll be so bloody suspect,’ advised Thad. ‘There’s always people sussing out guards in disguise. Everyone speaks cant on the streets in the Warren.’
‘Done!’ replied Carthinal, and the pair relapsed into the language of thieves, assassins and other undesirable characters.

Eventually, they entered a dark, dismal and rather smelly back street. Carthinal entered with no hesitation, a fact that gained him an admiring glance from Thad.
Towards the end of the street, Thad bent down and lifted a grating in the middle of the road. ‘Down ’ere,’ he said, and Carthinal could see his grin in the dim light.
‘Down here being, I presume, the sewers.’ Carthinal peered down into the depths. ‘Smells rather, but if your hiding place is down here, who would go looking? What are we waiting for?’
Thad looked rather taken aback by the fact that Carthinal was willing to go down into the sewers. If he had had any ideas of escaping through the sewer system while Carthinal rather fastidiously waited on the surface, he had to shelve them.
The pair climbed down into the depths. Water came up to Carthinal’s knees, and he tucked the skirts of his robe up into his belt, leaving his legs bare. The water would not be so difficult to walk through then, and his robes would keep some semblance of cleanliness. He did not care to think what was in the water flowing by his legs. The smell was almost overpowering, but Carthinal sighed, although he winced as he felt solid things bump against his legs as he walked through the noisome fluid. He followed Thad’s figure, which appeared to glow a deep red to his infra-vision. Again, if Thad had intended to escape in the dark, he was out of luck.
The young thief had no need of a light as he could find his way through the sewers as well as he could the upper streets. They twisted, turned, and took many side branches until Carthinal was completely disorientated. He half wished that he had invited Basalt to come along. Dwarves were used to being in caves and mines, and could not easily get lost, having an excellent sense of direction underground.
Eventually Thad stopped. He felt up to a ledge and pulled out a torch and a flint. Quickly lighting the torch, he pulled out a brick from the sewer wall. Reaching in, he rummaged around for a few seconds, and then pulled out a pouch.
‘This it?’ he asked Carthinal.
‘Too right it is,’ replied the other, opening it. He emptied out the coins onto his palm and counted them.
Thad quickly said, ‘I spent a few crowns on some eats at the six hour meal-time.’
‘That’s OK, Thad, but where’s the figurine?’
The boy’s face fell. ‘The figurine? You mean that gold horse thing? Yeah, well. I’m sorry, but I’ve fenced it already.’
‘What? Already?’
‘It’s always good to get goods changed to money real quick, right? Chances of being traced and all that. You know!’
‘Yes, yes, of course. But that really was quick.’
‘I’ve a good fence, like.’ said the boy dismissively. ‘Was it important?’
‘Someone I know thinks it is,’ Carthinal sighed. ‘Oh well. That’s that then.’
‘Maybe I c’d get it back for you. My fence’ll do me favours if I ask, right? ’E’s so into boys, see, (if you know what I mean) and ’e thinks if ’e does me favours, like, I’ll do him one sometime. It’s summat I don’t try very ’ard to change. It’s useful.’
‘Yes, I’m sure it is. I just hope you know what you are doing with him that’s all. That sort of game is dangerous.’
‘Don’t worry, Carthinal,’ the boy replied, cheerfully. ‘I’ve a dagger and am bloody good wi’ throwing knives.’
‘Just be careful, that’s all, Thad. Don’t go relying on weapons. That way lies the end of a rope.’
Thad looked up at Carthinal and grinned. ‘I ain’t scared of no old rope. Anyways, they’d ’ave to bloody catch me first.’
‘Anyway, if you do manage to get the figurine, you can bring it to the Golden Dragon and give it to me. Now are you going to show me the way out of here, or abandon me to wander for ever through the dark and dismal sewers, never to see the light of day again!’ This last said in a sepulchral tone.
Thad grinned and said, ‘Don’t tempt me! That’d be real cool, you comin’ up at night to scare the bleedin’ punters. All but me, o’ course. We’d be partners an’ all. You’d scare ’em away and I’d “acquire” their things. But come on, or you may end up as a zombie scaring the honest folk of ’Ambara for real, comin’ from the sewers at night to prey on the innocent townsfolk.’ He imitated Carthinal’s tone.
The pair laughed and set off back through the sewers. Carthinal found he liked the young lad and wondered what his story was—why had he ended up a thief in the Warren and not one of the honest poor?
Carthinal was surprised to find that the grating that Thad returned him to was near the edge of the Warren, in a place he recognised.
‘You don’t think I’d, like, take you straight to me bleedin’ hidin’ place, do you? Or bring you straight back? That would be so not sensible,’ grinned Thad. ‘Don’t worry, I’ll get that statue thingy.’ With that, the young thief slipped back down the sewer grating and was gone.
‘Well! That was an adventure,’ muttered Carthinal to himself as he strode across the market square. 
People drew away from him and held their noses, but could not make out why he smelled so bad. Some of the rich folk held pomanders to their noses as he passed. His robe had kept out of the noisome water, and now covered his legs and feet, so the filth of the sewers could not be seen, only the smell was apparent.
On entering their room, Fero and Basalt stepped away from him as though he had the plague. ‘Where have you been?’ asked Fero. ‘You smell like a sewer rat.’
‘Rather a polite way to put it, Fero. Carthinal, you smell like shit. Quite literally. Get a bath before you come anywhere near either of us, or give us any explanations.’
So Carthinal, with a grin at his friends moved off in the direction of the bath house to get clean, after which, he returned to their room ready to give the story of his trip with Thad and its results. At the end of the story, Fero expressed his surprise that Thad had been so co-operative.
‘I had certain advantages that I used,’ replied Carthinal, but did not go into any further details.
‘Now I think I’d better do some studying. Tomorrow’s the test of History of Magic—not my best or favourite subject. I always thought history was a bit of a waste of time.’
As it was obvious from his attitude that he did not want to make his remarks about his advantages any clearer, the other two left him to his studies and went into the bar for a drink.
 CHAPTER 10

ASPHODEL

Asphodel watched Carthinal as he strode away after leaving her on the steps of the temple of Sylissa. She could still feel the faint touch of his lips on her hair. Suddenly she felt very alone. She may never see Carthinal, nor Bas or Fero again. She pushed those thoughts aside as she climbed the steps. This is what she had always wanted to do. Be a healer in the service of Sylissa.
She entered the temple through the great double doors. Inside, the main room of the temple was circular. There were seats all around a central altar, and the windows around the walls and in the dome high above, concentrated the light so that it fell on the altar and on the alcove opposite the doors where there was a life-sized statue of Sylissa. The temple was built of white marble and the floor was paved with a beautiful mosaic, showing Sylissa giving the gift of healing to her first priestess. Asphodel stopped to admire the beauty.
‘Yes, it makes everyone stop the first time they see it, sister.’ The voice came from by her elbow.
Asphodel jumped. ‘Oh! I didn’t hear you coming,’ she said, adding “Minister” and bowing her head as she saw his deep orange sash, indicating his rank.
‘Sorry, sister,’ replied the minister. ‘I’m Minister Micory, and I’m on duty here today. Is there anything I can help you with?’
‘I have a letter for the Great Father, Minister Micory,’ replied Asphodel, bowing her head to a superior. ‘Could you tell me how to get it to him please?’
‘If you give it to me, I’ll get a novice to take it to him. Do you need a reply?’
‘Yes. I will need some response from the Great Father.’
‘If you wait here,’ continued Minister Micory, ‘The Great Father will send a reply to you as soon as he is able. I’ll let him know where you are. You could use the time in meditation and prayer, sister.’
With that, Minister Micory called a passing novice and Asphodel gave her the letter to take to the Great Father. She then went and sat down in one of the seats surrounding the altar to wait for some response. She had no idea how long she would have to wait for an answer to the note that Mother Caldo had given her for the Great Father, so she settled down for a long wait. As she sat there in the magnificent temple Asphodel framed a prayer to Sylissa to thank her for allowing her to reach Hambara safely, and added a prayer for the continuing safety of her travelling companions. She then tried to meditate as Minister Micory had suggested, but found that it was almost impossible. Her mind kept wandering and she found the time was passing all too slowly. The duty minister changed. When they changed, Minister Micory said something to the new minister, and they both glanced over at her. She guessed that Minister Micory was telling the new minister who she was.
The new minister came over and spoke to her. ‘Good afternoon, sister. I am the new duty minister for this afternoon. I assume that you have not eaten your noon meal. You may go to the refectory with the other novices and get something to eat. The Great Father will not be responding until after he has eaten.’
‘Thank you, minister,’ replied Asphodel, again bowing her head.
The minister called over a novice and asked if she was about to go to the refectory. The girl replied in the affirmative, and was given instructions to show Asphodel the way.
The girl introduced herself as Chejorie, a new novice, and she chatted on as she led the way to the refectory. They passed through a door to the right and along a corridor to a large door at the end where there was issuing a smell of cooking. Asphodel realised that she was very hungry, and she relished having a meal.
After eating the food served in the refectory, and listening to Chejorie’s chatter, Asphodel made her way back to the main temple. She sat down again to wait. Again time passed and eventually a door opened near to the statue of Sylissa, which was situated at the opposite side of the great rotunda from the big main doors. A procession of initiates then made their way in single file around the temple. They were singing a sunset hymn, which made Asphodel realise that much of the day had passed. The singing was beautiful. There were at least eight parts, Asphodel realised, and instead of each part being grouped together, as in a conventional choir, they were spread around. This gave a very beautiful and melodious sound as each group of eight people made a chord and this chord was spread all around the temple. She was entranced. People were sitting in the seats of the temple now. Some were initiates and acolytes of Sylissa, but many were ordinary townsfolk, come to pray for sick relatives and friends or to give thanks for a recovery.
The officiating cleric entered through the same door as the choir, and began to conduct the service. It was a beautiful service, Asphodel thought. The choir sang all the rest of the service in praise of Sylissa with as much feeling and beauty as the hymn at the beginning, and everyone in the congregation joined in for their parts.
Eventually the sunset ceremony was over, and the Minister on duty came over to her.
‘It’s obvious the Great Father won’t be seeing you today,’ she told Asphodel. ‘You’d better stay in the guestrooms tonight. If your letter needs a reply, I expect the Great Father will send a message tomorrow. Follow me, please.’
She began to walk away to the door that Asphodel had gone through with Chejorie earlier, and this time opened the second door on the right. ‘You can rest here tonight. You’ll find an evening meal will be served in the refectory in about an hour, and breakfast at the second hour in the morning after the dawn service. I expect you’ll want to attend that. It commences at the twenty fourth hour of the day.’
She stood back to allow Asphodel to enter, and then closed the door behind her.
‘Well, that sounded more like a command,’ muttered Asphodel. ‘I’ll get a wash and then go and eat. If I am to be up before dawn, I’d better get an early night.’
The water for washing was cold, and the bed was harder than the ground she had been sleeping on recently. She sighed, put on a clean robe and went out for some food, which was just about sufficient for her hunger, but not for her palate as it was very basic. Asphodel went to bed feeling unsatisfied at her first experience of the Temple of Sylissa in Hambara.

The next morning, Asphodel awoke feeling stiff. A bell was being rung somewhere nearby to wake the faithful for the dawn prayers. She washed in cold water again, and dressed before making her way to the temple. The service began with the same polyphonic choir, this time singing a hymn to the dawn. Then the rest of the service commenced. It continued with praises and thanks to Sylissa, and the officiating cleric, a deacon this morning, spoke at length about how all should be striving to eliminate evil in both themselves and the world. He spoke of injury and disease as evils that had been brought upon the races of the world by their evil ways and how they were the punishment of the gods. He explained how the Most High, the leader of the Church of Sylissa, wanted to eradicate all evil beings in order for the gods to lift their punishments from the peoples of the world.
His talk was long, Asphodel estimating an hour at least, and she wondered how anyone could manage to talk for so long about the need for the elimination of evil, and her mind wandered. She began wondering where the others were and what they were doing. Was Carthinal getting ready to take his tests? She realised that she had no idea when the tests were to begin. Would he have to wait in Hambara for a while or would they begin straight away, today? She thought that Basalt and Fero would be seeking work, and sent up a little prayer that they were both successful.
After the long sermon there were prayers to Sylissa asking her to help them to overcome their faults, and then fifteen minutes were set aside for the congregation to meditate on their own evil and to ask for forgiveness. By the time the service was over, Asphodel’s stomach was beginning to rumble, much to her embarrassment. The service had taken well over two hours. She left for the refectory where she was given a bowl of porridge and a glass of water. She sighed as she took it to a table and began to eat. Was this how Sylissa wanted her servants to live? Surely not! All these rules and abstinence, even having to eat poor quality food. It had not been like this at the temple in Bluehaven when she left, and she found herself wondering if this was the only temple where such abstemiousness was practiced.
After her breakfast, such as it was, she returned to the temple to wait, again admiring its beauty. Just before the sixth hour, a novice approached her with a message to follow him. She was taken along a corridor off the first one she had gone down, with the refectory at the end and the guest rooms, until they came to a door on the left. A Temple guard dressed in white, the colour of Sylissa, guarded it.
The novice knocked and a harsh male voice called, ‘Come in.’
Asphodel opened the door, and at once saw a rather large man in front of her with gold-edged white robes. The Great Father. She immediately fell down onto her knees as she had been taught, and kept her eyes on the floor. All she could see was the carpet beneath her feet, which was a very rich one, in deep blue and gold. The voice spoke from somewhere above her head.
‘I have read Mother Caldo’s letter, child, and I find it most disquieting. She thinks that you would be better here and that I can do more with you than she can. I think that perhaps she is right there. Firstly, I think that we should effect a means of teaching you discipline; a virtue that you seem to be sadly lacking if Mother Caldo’s letter is anything to go by. I have therefore decided that you will join with the Daughters of Sylissa. As you know, they are an order who devote their entire lives to the service of the goddess and others. They are an order who do not mix with outsiders, who have taken vows of chastity and obedience and who spend their days in quiet prayer and contemplation. They only have contact with the general public during their times on duty as healers in the infirmary.’
Asphodel stifled a cry at this. The life of the Daughters was not one that she had ever contemplated, knowing instinctively that she was not cut out for such a life.
The voice went on, ‘I do not think we will expect you to take the vows and become a full Daughter, unless, that is, you decide that you are called to them, but as long as you remain with them, you will abide by their rules. You will have no contact with anyone other than your fellow sisters except when you are healing. Of course, as far as the other Daughters are concerned, you are going to become a full member in due course. Only the Mother will know that it may only be temporary. Do you have anything to say, daughter?’
‘H-how long will I be with the Daughters, Great Father?’ Asphodel stuttered, appalled at the idea.
‘That depends on you, child,’ came the reply. ‘You must show that you have learned the discipline required of a true cleric, which includes obedience to your superiors. Now I will call for a novice to take you to the House of the Daughters.’
Asphodel felt faint. She could hardly believe what was happening. Not to have any contact with anyone except the Daughters for an unspecified length of time. She felt as though she had just been sent to jail, but worse was to come. When she arrived at the House of the Daughters, which was connected to the temple by a windowless corridor, she was horrified when she was taken into a room, told to sit down, and the Mother cut off all her long black hair. Her protests that she was not actually joining the Daughters permanently fell on deaf ears.
‘As long as you are within our walls, you are a Daughter. The Daughters all have their hair cut off. It’s a temptation sent by Allandrina, that evil goddess of deceit, to tempt men into lustful thoughts and deeds, and young women into the sin of pride and vanity. No, it’s better that the hair be removed. It’s obvious that you’ve already fallen into the sin of vanity by your objection to having your hair cut.’
And removed it was. Asphodel watched as her raven tresses fell down to the ground. Afterwards, she put her hand up to her head to feel her hair. It had been cut off to her ears. She almost asked for a mirror, but two things stopped her. Firstly, she was not sure that she really wanted to know what she looked like, and secondly, she thought that Mother would accuse her of the “sin of vanity” once more.
After that, she was shown to a cell in another part of the building. If she thought the guestroom was primitive, it was luxury compared with what she now had. There was a narrow bed with a blanket over it, but no pillow and only a very thin mattress, which would do nothing to soften the hardness of the bed. There was a small shrine to Sylissa in the corner of the room, with a statue and a triskel, and a tallow candle in a candlestick. There was no cupboard for any personal items, nor any chair or chest: just a bed and the shrine.
‘I’ve been given permission to speak to you,’ murmured the novice who showed her to the cell, ‘So that you’ll know exactly what to do. The wash place is at the end of the corridor. You’ll wash at night, before retiring and in the morning on rising. No other time is permitted.’
‘Is there no bath house?’ asked Asphodel. ‘I do like to bathe sometime to get properly clean.’
The girl looked shocked. ‘No! Bathing is strictly forbidden. It’s a luxury, and we eschew all luxuries as they can lead to the sin of avarice. We always wash in cold water too for the same reasons. We’re not allowed to converse with one another except for one hour after the evening meal. We attend all services in the temple. On alternate days, we work in the infirmary, and the days we’re not there, we spend in meditation and prayer. We’ve been instructed by the Most High to pray for the eradication of evil from the world, and for the help of Sylissa in doing so. I think that’s all that you need to know. If there are any other things you want to ask, you can ask me now, or after the evening meal.’
She paused and then remembered something else. ‘Oh, yes. We are allowed no personal property except our robes and triskel, and a cloak for if we have to go out to attend a sick person outside the temple. Any other property you have you must hand over to Mother.’
Asphodel told the girl that she thought that she had explained well, and that if there were nothing else she would like now to go into her cell and meditate. The novice then smiled and left. Asphodel entered the room and sat down on the hard bed. Tears pricked at her eyes. Her head felt wrong without the weight of her hair, and she felt ugly. She rose and closed the door. She would not let them know how she felt. She felt violated. Her hair had been taken away without her volition, and she had had all contact with the outside world removed from her, and her few meagre possessions were forfeit. How would she find out about her friends? They would think that she did not care about them. She wanted to know if Carthinal had passed his tests, if he had survived them even. What about the others? Bas and Fero? If they got jobs that took them out of the city, she would not know, and may never see them again. The tears began to flow, and she turned onto her stomach and allowed them to continue. She cried until she felt wrung out, then, still sobbing, she turned to the shrine and the statue of Sylissa. She spread her hands and prayed.
‘Why are you letting them do this to me? Deep down inside me I know this is not right. Most of what is happening here doesn’t feel right. Even praying for the eradication of evil doesn’t feel right. Surely you and the other gods put evil here as well as good for a purpose? We don’t know why you did so, but I feel inside that it’s necessary. I know the Most High is the leader of your clergy, but could he not be wrong in this? Or is it blasphemy to think that he could be fallible? Give me the strength to get through this ordeal. I’ll do my best to do as they wish so that I can once again go out into the world and heal as I wish to do.’
The rest of the day was spent in attending services and meditation and prayer. The Daughters were allowed to do their meditation in their cells, or in the gardens in the centre of the House. Asphodel decided to go into the gardens, as it was the nearest she could get to the open air and a feeling of freedom. Elves loved the natural world and felt stifled if they could not get outside into the woods and open country. The gardens were beautiful even this early in the season, with some early spring flowers already beginning to bloom in the sheltered garden surrounded by high walls and covered walkways. There were also flowering trees putting out their blossoms and the scent of spring was in the air, but even so, Asphodel found the atmosphere oppressing, so after a while she went back to her little cell.
After the evening meal, many of the Daughters wanted to talk with her as they were allowed speech at this time, but she pleaded tiredness and went to her room where she sobbed herself to sleep.
The next morning, after another long dawn service in the temple, she was told by Archdeacon Jenoria, the Mother of the Daughters of Sylissa, to report to the infirmary for duty. She was accompanied in silence by several other Daughters of different ranks all going on duty, with bent heads in a gesture of humility and submission. Asphodel did so as well, but found that she kept glancing around her and it was almost impossible to keep her head in the bowed position. Eventually they reached the infirmary. It was a light and airy place. The floor was made of white marble, and the walls were also painted white. The whole room gave a feeling of cleanliness and efficiency. The novices were all given a number of tasks, or simple healing to do. Asphodel was told to clean a nasty cut on a child’s knee, and to bind it up to keep it clean.
While she was doing this, a vicar on duty came and spoke to Asphodel. ‘Sister,’ she said, ‘The Great Father told me that Mother Caldo said that she thought that you may be ready to finish your noviciate and become a curate. I’ve been asked to watch you and to ascertain whether this is in fact true. If you are indeed ready to become a curate, then Sylissa will grant you the power to increase your healing. I’ll watch you as you work if you don’t mind.’
‘Of course not, Vicar,’ replied Asphodel, her head bowed in the presence of a superior. ‘Thank you.’
During the course of the morning, Asphodel had to do some simple binding of wounds, but little actual healing. She did do a simple healing on one small boy with a head wound, got from falling out of a tree he was trying to climb, as he was obviously in pain, but there were no serious injuries to deal with. Vicar Helzel, she told Asphodel that was her name, said that typically as she wanted to assess the girl’s progress, there seemed to be less healing necessary than usual. In the afternoon, however, all seemed to change. A woman came in with bad a knife cut on her hand where a knife had slipped while she was gutting fish. She was in danger of losing the use of her fingers, and Asphodel was asked to see what she could do. Firstly, she gently removed the pad that someone had placed on the injury, and wiped away all the excess blood. Then she cleaned the wound as best she could, and prayed to Sylissa for healing. She felt the strength of the goddess entering her and then passing to the woman until the bleeding stopped, but the ligaments concerned were still in danger of not knitting properly, so she prayed once more to Sylissa for her strength. This seemed to be sufficient to ensure that with further natural healing the woman would keep the use of her fingers.
Shortly after this, a man came rushing in carrying a boy. He was in a panic. The boy had been bitten by a poisonous snake in the grass outside the city. The man, the boy’s father, had carried him to the temple as quickly as possible. Asphodel was told to try to help him.
She prayed for the goddess to slow the poison. She knew that she would only be able to carry sufficient power from the goddess to slow the passage of the poison, that she was nowhere near strong enough to break it down and render it harmless. The goddess granted her power through Asphodel, and she felt the strength going out of her once more. After that, a more experienced healer would take over, but the immediate panic was ended.
If she was truly of an ability to become a curate, then she should still have the strength to perform some further healing. She felt as though this was possible, for although she felt tired, she did not feel as drained as she did when she had used up all her strength. The next hour was quite simple, prescribing herbs for a cough, cleaning grazes on children’s knees and the like, but nothing requiring any serious healing work. Then a young girl came limping in on the arm of a young man. The girl’s ankle was swelling very badly and she could hardly bear to put it down.
‘She slipped down the stairs coming out of the temple of Parador.’ explained the young man as Asphodel gently felt he ankle.
‘Can you move your toes?’ she asked the girl.
‘Yes, I think so,’ she replied, trying.
‘Well, I don’t think it is broken, just a bad sprain. I’ll do a simple healing on it, which will help with the pain and then give you a poultice. You must rest it after that until the swelling goes down. I’ll give you some more of the herbs so that you can make another poultice.’
This she did, and felt the strength go out of her as the healing took effect. She felt some elation as it meant that she had now performed one more healing than she would previously have been able to do. Vicar Helzel also noted this, and wrote it down in her little book.
Finally, Asphodel performed a final, simple healing on a man with a bruised head, and at last was feeling exhausted.
‘Well done, Sister,’ Vicar Helzel said. ‘I will inform the Great Father that in my opinion, Mother Caldo was correct and that you are indeed ready for promotion. Go now back to the House of the Daughters and get some food and rest.’ Asphodel bowed her head and replied, ‘Thank you, Vicar Helzel,’ and gratefully left. She realised on her way back to the House that she had been happy during that day. This was what she wanted to do—heal people, not spend all day praying and meditating. Not that she felt that to be a waste of time, she prayed regularly to Sylissa and occasionally to the other gods, and on occasion she meditated, but a life of doing nothing but that was, she felt, not for her. Oh well, she would be healing every other day, so she would be happy half the time, which was more than could be said for some people. It was not going to be forever, in any case. Just until the Great Father decided to allow her out again. She decided that she must be seen to be submissive and obedient so that her time with the Daughters would be short.
CHAPTER 11

EXILE

The third day of her time with the Daughters of Sylissa was again spent in prayer and meditation except for the time in praise of Sylissa in the temple. The services were beautiful, if indeed the preaching was a little over long. Asphodel willed the day away. That morning, an acolyte had brought her the lilac sash and lilac-edged white robes of a curate, and she felt proud to be wearing it. She now addressed the acolytes as Sister, and they had to call her Curate Asphodel. (The few elven acolytes who were in Hambara used her full elven name and called her Curate Aspholessaria.) She found it a little odd not having to bow to other curates. This made her second day of prayer more bearable, and the knowledge that she would tomorrow be healing once more, and able to speak to people. 
Asphodel’s second day of healing dawned, and after another long service at dawn, she made her way through the corridors to the infirmary once more. As a curate, she could now use the acolytes and give them simple tasks to do as other higher-ranking clerics had done with her previously. The day was passing quickly with a fairly busy morning when a young man came in. He looked around somewhat furtively, Asphodel thought, and then took a seat at the end of the queue to wait. He was obviously in some considerable pain, and Asphodel noticed that he was bleeding from a very nasty wound in his shoulder, although he was trying to keep it from being noticed. In her opinion, the wound should be attended to quickly due to the loss of blood and the dangers of infection if it were not cleaned, not to mention the shock that must accompany such a wound. However, the clerics all seemed to be ignoring or even actively avoiding the man. This puzzled Asphodel and she went over to him. As she approached him, the day’s duty vicar called to her. It was Vicar Weslon, and he was a very severe man; not quite what Asphodel thought of as a caring healer. Still, he was good at his job and she respected that.
‘Curate Asphodel,’ he said as she approached. ‘That man is not to be seen until everyone here has been attended to and then only if there is time, perhaps. Is that clear?’
Asphodel could not believe her ears. Was she being asked—no, told—not to heal someone who desperately needed it, and quickly at that? This was against what she understood to be her vows. She dared not argue with the Vicar if she wanted to be released from the Daughters, but it worried her. However, she could not help but ask the reasons.
‘That man is evil,’ came the reply. ‘He is an assassin and has killed many people in his life. We cannot condone such, especially since the Most High wishes the elimination of all evil. By with-holding treatment, he is likely not to live, and so another of the evil gods’ minions will have been eliminated.’
With that, Vicar Weslon walked away to attend to a seriously ill woman.
Asphodel continued with her work, until suddenly she heard a cry from the direction of the assassin. She looked over in his direction. He seemed to be about to lose consciousness, and his wound was bleeding again rather more profusely. He was shivering violently although it was warm in the infirmary, thanks to the hypocaust under the floor.
‘I cannot ignore a sick man, even if he is an assassin,’ thought Asphodel. ‘It is for the gods to judge us, not other people, Most High or not.’
So she made her way over to him in spite of her earlier instructions and did what she could. She performed a couple of simple healings that stopped the bleeding, and then she carefully washed and dressed the wound with healing herbs. She had just finished, and the man was thanking her profusely when she heard Vicar Weslon call her. He was extremely angry by the look on his face.
‘Disobedience,’ he spluttered. ‘Rank disobedience of an order by a superior. Go back to the House of Daughters immediately. The Great Father will hear of this. You are not to return to the Infirmary, but to remain in your cell. I will speak to the Great Father personally about this, and it may take a few days for him to see me and you will remain in the House of the Daughters until he sends for you. Pray, girl, for the humility to be obedient.’
He watched as she left the room and walked the corridors back to her cell. What was Sylissa doing allowing such disobedient girls into the ranks of the priesthood? How come she had not been weeded out before this, and why was she on his duty roster? Admittedly, she was a good healer for a newly promoted curate, but still, disobedience was disobedience, and he dismissed Asphodel from his mind until the end of his duty.
The next morning, Asphodel was surprised to be summoned to the office of the Great Father soon after breakfast, as she was praying in her cell. Maybe it was not about the incident the previous day? It was a bit quick for Vicar Weslon to have seen the Great Father she thought. The Great Father did not see lesser ranks very quickly as evinced by her own wait in the temple when she first arrived, and she thought that that would have been longer if Mother Caldo were not known to the Great Father. Still, she would have to go to find out.
She walked down the corridor approaching the office with some trepidation, and as she reached the door, the guard outside said, ‘You are Asphodel?’
She replied in the affirmative.
‘You are to go straight in.’ Then he smiled and said, ‘Good luck. He seems to be rather angry this morning. I hope it's not you he’s angry with!’
‘I rather think it may be,’ replied Asphodel, opening the door and crossing the threshold.
As soon as she saw that the Great Father was present, seated behind his desk, she fell to her knees.
‘Words fail me.’ The voice of the Great Father came to her from over her head. ‘Mother Caldo said you were defiant, but I did not fully realise how defiant. You disobeyed a direct order yesterday I understand, and you have only just come to us too!’
Asphodel said nothing. It was not permitted to speak to the Great Father unless told specifically to do so.
‘You were told not to heal an evil man, yet you went ahead and did so anyway. This in spite of the commands of the Most High, that we work to rid the world of evil in all its guises. That man would not have survived if you had not interfered, and another evil soul would be gone from this world to be judged and punished by the gods.’ Here he paused. ‘I do not know what to do with you at the moment,’ he went on, ‘Do you have anything to say for yourself? What is your excuse for your disobedience?’
Asphodel took that as an invitation to speak and answered quietly, ‘Your Holiness, when I took my vows, I swore to help the sick and injured wherever I may find them. I did not promise anything about selective healing, or only healing good people. The man was in need, and I fulfilled my vows. That is all.’
This seemed to infuriate the Great Father still further. Asphodel heard a chair scrape back as he got to his feet, and then heard him walk round the desk. She saw feet and a white robe edged in gold.
‘YOU—DISOBEYED—A—DIRECT—ORDER!’ The words were almost shouted at her. ‘YOU, A NEWLY PROMOTED CURATE, DISOBEYED A VICAR’S ORDERS!’
‘I obeyed my conscience and my vows,’ replied Asphodel, still in a quiet voice.
‘Now you speak before being given permission! Is there no end to your defiance?’
Asphodel looked up. It was forbidden, but she was beginning to become angry herself. Who was this pompous man in charge of the Church of Sylissa in Hambara? She saw in front of her a rather tall man with grey hair, thinning on the top. He was overweight, indicating overindulgence, and his round face was red with anger. Fortunately for her, he was not looking in her direction and so did not see her looking up.
‘Girl, I have decided.’ He turned towards the window. ‘You will join the Daughters on a permanent basis. You will take the vows of the order. You will learn discipline. You will be confined to your cell until I decide that you can once more take up the duties of a Daughter of Sylissa and then you will take your vows. You will, until that time, be fed only on bread and water.’
Asphodel forgot all protocol and surged to her feet. Her grey eyes were almost black with anger, and she could no longer contain herself.
‘You cannot force a free person to take vows they are unwilling to take. If you do so, those vows are null and void, and you know it. I will not become a Daughter of Sylissa. I’ve every respect for those who wish to take up that life, but it’s not for me. I cannot live that life, and I will not. I’m going to leave this temple now, and you will not stop me. I’ll become a travelling cleric and heal where it’s needed. It’s not our place to decide who will live and who will die, to put ourselves in the place of the gods. Surely if there is evil in the world the gods put it here? If we are evil, then the gods gave us that capacity. We cannot understand the gods and the way they work only do what we can. If this means that I do not progress any further in the ranks of the Church, then so be it. I’ll remain a humble curate for the rest of my days, but I—will—help—people. Whoever they are, or whatever they have done, as long as they have a need. Maybe seeing what good is, some bad folk may reform. That is surely better than condemning them to death, and surely much more pleasing to the gods.’ With that, she turned and headed for the door.
As she left she heard, ‘Yes, girl, that is right, you will remain a curate. No one in the ranks of the Church will test you for your advancement.’
She hurried down the corridor and into the temple. She did not pause to look at its magnificence, but swept through the main doors and down the steps into the late winter sunshine.
CHAPTER 12

JOB-HUNTING

When they re-entered the city, Fero was immediately struck by the smells. They had seemed considerably less in the parkland of the Duke, and he could almost imagine he was back in the countryside. However, when they left the gardens and park, the stink of the city hit him again.
‘How can people live like this?’  he thought.
When Carthinal and Asphodel left for their respective destinations, he and Basalt wandered around the city getting to know it a little better. It did not improve with the knowledge in his opinion.
‘The sooner I can get a job that takes me out of here the better,’ he grumbled to Basalt. ‘I really don’t like cities. They are crowded and they smell.’
‘Yes, well,’ replied the dwarf. ‘They do give a lot of employment to people though. Many things are good about them. The land could not support so many people all trying to grow food on their own small bits, or hunt the game in their own areas. It would soon be depleted, not to mention a little fact of safety. It’s safer in a city with others around and walls to protect you.’
‘I suppose you’re right, but that doesn’t mean I have to like it.’
They had found themselves once more outside the walls of the Ducal Palace in the centre of the city. It divided the city into four areas, and Basalt and Fero had just come from the area known as the Warren, which was the poor quarter of the city, and was the place where the thieves, assassins, common whores, beggars and honest poor lived out their lives. It was also the reason for Fero’s complaints about the smells, for although the city now boasted a sewer system, the homes in the Warren were not connected, as the inhabitants could not afford it. That and the close proximity of the dwellings and the unwashed bodies, not to mention the piles of horse dung all added to the noisome atmosphere. The road cleaners did not clean up these streets, as they did not go into this area, it being deemed not important enough. All these things went to make the Warren a very smelly place to be. The two of them, therefore, decided to return to the Golden Dragon to get cleaned up and eat a meal.
After their meal, they were sitting in the main room of the inn when Carthinal returned from the Tower. He had a scruffy and smelly boy with curly red hair with him. Carthinal answered their queries by telling them that this was the boy who had stolen his pouch and he was going to question him about the theft and get his goods back.
The other two waited as Carthinal took the boy to their room to question him. Much to their amazement, Carthinal returned with the boy saying that he was going to get his stolen things back.
‘How do you think he got the boy to agree to return the goods?’ asked Fero.
‘Search me,’ replied the dwarf, ‘but mages can do some strange things and compel you against your will, it is said. Maybe he put some sort of glamour on the boy.’
‘Didn’t think he was powerful enough for that yet,’ replied Fero. ‘Still, if he can get that figurine, Duke Rollo would be grateful I think.’
Basalt took out his pipe and ordered a couple of ales for the pair of them. They sat there enjoying each other’s company, and planning what they were going to do the next day to find work.
Eventually, Carthinal returned. Fero sniffed the air and observed that Carthinal smelled like a sewer rat, but Bas was less restrained in his comments, and so Carthinal, grinning, left to partake of a bath. When he returned, he told them of his adventure in the sewers beneath the town, and that although he had got his pouch back, the boy had already sold the figurine. However, he was prepared to try to get it back.
‘You amaze me, Carthinal,’ said Fero. ‘How you managed to get a thief to return his ill-gotten gains I will never guess.’
‘No, friend, I don’t suppose you will,’ was all the reply he got. ‘I’ve got a test tomorrow, and so you will excuse me if I do some work for it, won’t you?’ With that, Carthinal opened a book and began to read it.
Eventually, the others decided to leave him to it and go to bed.

The next morning, Fero and Basalt left the Inn to go in search of work. Fero decided to first go to the hiring hall where people looking for work could meet with potential employers. There were quite a lot of people putting themselves up for hire in various capacities, the largest being agricultural workers as it would soon be time for the spring planting. Fero stood in the area where the scouts and guides stood, it being close to the end of the time of year for hunting so there were few demands for hunters. There were not many others, and so he was hopeful. There would still be a number of caravans travelling, and it would be increasing as the weather improved with the advent of spring. A man who was obviously a caravan leader soon approached him.
‘Are you prepared to travel over the Mountains of Doom to the Elven lands?’ he asked Fero. ‘There are some that don’t like crossing that range, I know, but you don’t look like someone of a nervous disposition.’
‘Not much frightens me,’ replied the ranger. ‘Do you want a scout? I’m afraid that I would be of little use to guide you as I’m not from these parts.’
‘A scout and a guard,’ replied the other. ‘That is if you are willing, and the price is right. What were you asking?’
Fero was just about to reply when a man came up to the caravan leader and tapped him on the shoulder, saying, ‘Excuse me, sir. May I have a word with you?’
‘I’ll be back in a minute to complete negotiations,’ said the caravan leader, and then he withdrew with the other man. They had an animated conversation for a few minutes and then the caravan leader walked away across the square and did not return.
‘I wonder what that was all about?’ thought Fero.
He was not worried as there was still plenty of time to find employment. Lunchtime came and Fero bought a pie from a nearby stall and a mug of ale. He sat in the sunshine on a wall and ate it. He would be glad to get some employment if only to get out into the countryside. As the Vernal Equinox and New Year approached, he was becoming more and more restless at being in the city. He loved the spring, when the birds were beginning to sing their songs and young animals were being born. He especially loved the pale green of the new leaves on the trees, and the pleasant soft rain that fell to water the early flowers. He could hardly wait to get out.
After he had eaten, he went back to his stand, and was approached several times. Each time, it seemed that the man or woman changed their minds. Sometimes he saw someone speak to them, other times he did not.
‘This is most odd,’ he thought. ‘I could almost imagine that there was someone who was trying to stop me from getting work. Why that should be I cannot imagine. I must be becoming paranoid.’
Whatever the case, he had not found employment by the eleventh hour, so he returned to the inn where he found Basalt just coming in. Bas it appeared had done no better than himself in the job-hunting. He told Fero what had happened.

After leaving Fero at the door of the inn, Basalt told him, he had decided to go straight to the barracks to try to get a job with the city guard. He did not really know where he was in respect of the barracks so he determined to ask someone. Of course, typically, the first person he spoke to was a stranger to the city and had no more idea than Basalt himself, but the next man was more helpful, and told him that the barracks was close to the Western Gate.
Basalt made his way through the streets until he came to Southgate Street, and turned north along it until he came to the gates of Duke Rollo’s palace. From there he skirted the grounds and came to Western Avenue leading to the Western Gate. Along the way, he passed an inn and two taverns before he noticed a small side road leading to a large building with a high wall surrounding it. A gate, above which was a crest depicting a fish and a bale of silk; indicating that this was a town of fishing and trade, opened in the wall. Below the first crest was another that bore a sword crossed with a crossbow. Basalt took that to be the symbol of the Hambara guard. He approached the gates and pulled on the bell that was hanging there.
Shortly, a man approached the gates saying, ‘Yes! What is it you want?’
‘I am looking for work as a guard,’ explained Basalt.
‘Oh! Come on through then,’ the man replied, opening the gate. ‘The captain’ll see you in a few minutes. He’s busy at the moment. You can wait in the common room.’
The guard showed Basalt into the common room where there were a number of off duty guards sitting around. Some were sharpening weapons, others playing cards. Some were dozing in their chairs and yet others were exchanging meaningless banter, as is the way of guards and other military personnel. Basalt wandered over to a group that was playing a game of dice. He watched for a few moments as the game proceeded. He had never seen much point in games of dice, as it was pure chance as to how the dice fell with no skill at all involved. These dice were more complicated than the simple cubic dice of the mountain dwarves. Each of the dice had eight faces and so this made more combinations possible. This particular game seemed to involve three dice as well. He then wandered over to where there were some men playing cards. They were playing a game that was very popular on Vimar, called Rond. This involved skill as well as a little luck, and it was interesting to watch the tactics of the players as they tried to bluff and counter bluff each other. The players were all skilled and it seemed the game would go on for a long time. Judging by the pile of money in front of him, one player, a large blond man, had already won a great deal from his fellow players.
Basalt left the Rond game to sit near a bar in the corner. The barman struck up a conversation with him.
‘New recruit?’ he asked.
‘Hope so,’ replied Basalt. ‘I’m waiting to see the captain now. I believe he’s busy.’
The other snorted. ‘I doubt it, but he’ll pretend to be to make it seem he’s important. He’ll keep you waiting for a bit then call you in as though doing you a favour.’
‘I hope he will. Do me a favour that is. I’m getting a little short of cash and need a job.’
Just then, a young sergeant came into the room from a flight of stairs opposite the bar. He approached Basalt and told him to follow him up the stairs to see the captain. The stairs led to a small landing and the sergeant knocked on a door at the top.
‘Recruit to see you sir,’ he said.
A voice said, ‘Come in then,’ and the sergeant opened the door to admit Basalt.
The room was very organised with a large desk in the centre behind which sat a large man with greying hair and one of the largest moustaches that Basalt had ever seen.
‘Want to be in the Hambara guard do you?’ asked the captain. ‘Why?’
The question took Basalt by surprise. ‘I’ve got experience as a fighter and I need a job for financial reasons,’ he told the other man. ‘As there there aren’t any wars at the moment there are no army jobs going, so I thought of the town guard and here I am.’
‘I’d like to give you a job. You look a strong and determined man, but I’m afraid my hands are tied,’ the captain told him. ‘Duke Rollo has decreed that we are not to employ anyone not born in Hambara, or lived here for at least five years. He thinks that outsiders may not have the commitment to the town at best, and at worst be in league with smugglers and bandits. There it is. Left to me I’d give you a job right away. You look as though you’d be good, and we’re rather short staffed. If you come back in five years, having lived here all that time. I’ll be delighted to employ you.’
He stood up and offered Basalt his hand to shake, which the dwarf did, saying, ‘I doubt I’ll be here or anywhere else in five years unless I can find a job soon. Where do the blacksmiths or metalworkers have their workshops? I’m pretty handy at shaping metal as well as wielding it.’
‘Yes,’ replied the captain, ‘I expect you are. After all you are a dwarf and you are all pretty good metal workers.’
After finding the way to the blacksmiths in the area, Basalt decided that he needed something to eat so he set off to the nearest tavern. There were two very close to the barracks, and he went into the nearest. Here he had a tankard of ale and a pie. The tavern was lively with guards and others who worked in the area, but Basalt was not anxious to tarry, as he wanted to get on with his job hunting.
The afternoon was spent going round the blacksmiths’ forges in the industrial area. The first one that he approached was friendly, but did not have any vacancies. He suggested another man whom he thought was possibly looking for help, so Basalt set off for the second blacksmith.
‘Hello,’ said the smith as Basalt entered his forge. ‘Can I help you?’
‘I hear you’re looking for someone to work here, and I’m looking for a job,’ replied Basalt. ‘I’ve done smith work before, and I’m strong and skilled.’
‘I’m sure you are, you being a dwarf and all,’ replied the smith. ‘However, I don’t have any work at present.’
‘I spoke to another smith and he directed me here saying that he thought that you were looking for help,’ Basalt told him.
‘Well, I was, but I found a boy this morning. Strong looking lad that I can train up. Pity you didn’t come sooner.’
‘Oh well. Thanks anyway,’ said a disappointed Basalt.
The afternoon passed in the same way and by the time the sun was setting, Basalt had still not found any work so he made his way back to the inn where he found an equally disappointed Fero waiting for him.
The two of them sat down to eat a meal and were sitting drinking when Carthinal came back. They asked him how he felt his tests had gone but he was rather brief in his answers as he said that he felt the need to go and do some work in preparation for the next day.
Fero and Basalt decided to go and explore the taverns of Hambara. They had a lot to drink that evening, consuming quite a lot of dwarven spirits when they found an inn that could supply the “right” brand, as Basalt said. It appeared that there were many brands, which varied according to the area from which it came, and the family that made it. All dwarves had their favourite and there was great rivalry between the different areas and families as to the best. Of course, all these different brands had to be sampled at various taverns and inns, and so they were in a rather happy state of mind when they arrived back at the Golden Dragon.
When they returned to the inn, they found that Carthinal was fast asleep. Even in their drunken state, they knew that the next day was important for Carthinal and they tried to refrain from waking him. Fero tripped over his bed and Carthinal turned over and muttered something.
‘Sh!’ cautioned Bas, in a whisper that was louder than was needed. ‘You’ll wake the mage. Don’ want t’be turned into a frog d’you?’
Fero started laughing and nearly choked himself trying to laugh quietly. ‘Don’ think he can. ’S not good enough yet. Anyway, frogs’re OK. Jus’a bit slimy’s all.’ slurred Fero.
‘I know some folks’d be good frogs then,’ replied Bas, and then began to giggle.
He fell back onto his bed laughing at his own wit, and so the pair of them spent the next half hour laughing and shushing each other until they managed to undress after a fashion and fall into bed.

Fero woke late feeling rather ill. His head hurt and his stomach felt as though someone was stirring the contents with a spoon. He opened his eyes and immediately wished he had not as the daylight was much brighter than usual and made his head hurt more. He heard a groan from Basalt’s bed.
‘I’m dying,’ groaned the dwarf. ‘The dwarven spirits were poisoned.’
Fero realised, now that memory was returning that the pair of them had drunk far too much the previous evening and were suffering from the mother of all hangovers.
‘No it wasn’t,’ he told the dwarf. ‘We just had too much. It’s a hangover not poisoned spirits that’s making you feel ill.’
‘Hangover?’ roared Bas, making Fero wince as his head pounded in time to Bas’s shout. ‘Insult me will you? I—NEVER—SUFFER—FROM—HANGOVERS. Bad drink will make me ill, but I never, ever get hangovers!’
With that, he collapsed back groaning, then reached for the water jug and was violently sick into it. ‘Poisoned we were,’ he muttered as much to himself as to Fero, who was not really listening as he was feeling as sorry for himself as Basalt was. ‘Poisoned. Not a hangover at all. We were poisoned!’
Eventually, the pair made their way gingerly down the stairs into the common room where they asked for a jug of water and two tankards, much to the delight and amusement of Mabrella. She could not help but tease them with offers of cooked breakfast and ale.
‘I’m never going to drink dwarven spirits again,’ declared Basalt with such vehemence that even Fero managed a smile.
‘Until the next time I suppose,’ he said to the dwarf, and got a glare for his trouble, but Basalt could not reply further as he had to rush out of the inn to be sick again.
Eventually, they were both feeling a little better, but as it was nearly time for the lunchtime meal, they decided to eat before going out to resume their job hunting.

After eating and washing, and feeling almost human again, Fero returned once again to the hiring halls. The afternoon passed in much the same way as the previous day, and by the time the sun was setting, he still had no employment. He decided then that he must get out of the city even if only for one night. He made his way across the large square to the inn. Here he went up the stairs to the room he was sharing with Carthinal and Basalt and collected his pack. On descending the stairs, he suddenly thought that his friends might be anxious if he just disappeared. He was not used to having others to think of as well as himself. He had been alone for a long time it seemed. He had not had enough formal education to be confident in writing, although he could sign his name, but he must leave them a message.
He left the inn and eventually, after crossing Doom Road, the main road out of the city to the east, he came to another main thoroughfare. It was known as Blue Lake Street as it led to the Water Street and the docks on the lake where the fishermen plied their trade. About half way along, he saw what he was looking for. A shop with a sign representing a quill pen. Here a clerk, or perhaps several worked and, for a small fee, would write letters or read them for clients. He entered and an elderly man looked up. He had a mop of snow-white hair, which looked rather unruly, as though he had been running his fingers through it. In fact, as Fero was preparing to speak, he did just that.
He squinted through his spectacles at Fero, and said, ‘I was just about to shut up shop as soon as I’ve finished this copy. I can’t work as well as I could in candlelight nowadays. What can I do for you young man? Is it a love letter? Most young men who come in here want love letters written.’
‘No,’ replied Fero. ‘I want to leave a note for some friends. How much do you charge?’
‘That depends on how long the note is. I charge by the word. Half a royal per word.’
‘That sounds all right,’ the ranger replied. ‘Will you write this down please?’
The man did so and Fero signed the letter and handed over the fee of 1 crown and 15 royals. He thanked the clerk and made his way back to the inn where he found Keloriff cleaning the bar. He gave the note to him and asked if he would be certain to give it to Carthinal or Basalt as soon as they returned, and with that, he left the inn to head off for the open countryside.
He decided to go out at the Water Gate, as he rather liked the idea of sleeping with the sound of the lake lapping at its shores, so he quickly retraced his steps along Blue Lake Street to Water Street. When he came to the gate, he was surprised to see that the guards looked rather more alert than usual. To start with, there were two guards, one on each side of the gate, with halberds, and the sergeant was also in evidence.
As he approached, the two guards prevented his passage by lowering their weapons across the gate. The sergeant approached as he was about to remonstrate with the guards.
‘You! Come with me,’ said the sergeant. ‘We have reason to suppose that you have stolen goods on you.’
‘What is this?’ queried Fero. ‘There must be some mistake. I’ve got no stolen goods.’
‘Then you won’t mind us searching you, will you, mate?’ said the sergeant as he took Fero into the guardroom next to the gate.
‘Lads,’ he called to the two guards. ‘This is one of them. One of you get the lieutenant, and the other one get in here and begin the search.’
‘Hey! What are you doing?’ Fero cried, as the guard, a rough looking man with a broken nose, grabbed the pack from his back. He was just about to reach for his sword when the other guard returned with a fourth man, obviously the lieutenant.
‘Well done, boys,’ said the lieutenant. ‘He certainly answers the description of one of the men we were told to look out for. Open his pack and let’s see what we’ve got.’
The first guard opened Fero’s pack and emptied it out onto the table. He rummaged through the things that had fallen out, then said, ‘Looks like we were wrong, sir. Nothing here.’
The lieutenant strode forward with his hands in his pockets, looking relaxed and confident. He hitched himself onto the table, leaving one leg on the floor, and looked with disdain at Fero’s worldly goods that were spread all over the table.
‘Now, maybe if I look. Maybe my eyesight is better than that of the guards. Perhaps I’ll find something.’
With that, he got off the table and, turning his back on Fero, began to move the contents of the pack around.
‘Aha! What is this? I knew it. Abain, you must see about some spectacles.’ This was to the guard who had searched the pack. ‘Here is the necklace that Duke Rollo said was missing. It belonged to his late wife you know. He is very attached to it.’ He held up a beautiful necklace for all to see. ‘Do you deny that you were at the Palace yesterday morning?’
‘N-no,’ stuttered Fero, unable to comprehend what was going on. That the lieutenant had planted the necklace was obvious, but why was more than Fero could work out. ‘We, that is my friends and I, went there on business and…’
‘Yes! Thieves business. Did you find out where any other valuables were? Are your friends going to return tonight to get more?’
Fero decided that arguing was not going to get him anywhere. He had to think this out. Maybe he was not mistaken in thinking that someone was trying to prevent him from getting work after all, although why was still a mystery to him. Then the two guards seized him roughly, removed his weapons from him and dragged him to the stairs in the corner of the room. They descended them and pushed Fero into a cell, locked the door and left him.
He looked round. The cell was small and damp, no more than three paces on either side. Along one wall was a shelf that Fero supposed was to serve as a bed since it had a thin blanket folded at one end and an equally thin pillow. Above the “bed” was a small barred window. Fero could see feet passing occasionally, so he knew he was on the town side of the wall. The door through which he had been thrust was opposite this window and had a small grill near the top. Fero peered through and saw a face peering through a similar grill opposite.
‘What you done?’ asked the face.
‘Nothing,’ replied Fero, unwilling to talk.
‘Then there’s nuffin’ you need worry about. The Duke’s a fair one an’ all. Me, I expect t’ be topped. Th’ man I ’it’s bought it they tells me. Still, I did do it so ’e’ll ’ave me done. I’ll not plead guilty, mind. Allus a chance.’
Fero looked puzzled.
‘“Bought it?”’ he asked. ‘What does that mean? And “Have you topped?”’
‘Oh! Yer bein’ a furriner ain’t yer!’ the man replied. ‘I mean that th’ man I ’it ’as died, and the Duke’ll send me ter th’ gallows fer it.’
‘You sound unconcerned about your death. Aren’t you afraid?’
‘Yeah! Course I am, but I’ll not let them guards know. Got some pride left, I ’ave,’ he continued. ‘Any road, I reckon that Kal'era’ll keep me there in th’ underworld for a while and then send me back on th’ Wheel ter do better. A new life can’t be worse’n this un.’
‘But suppose she thinks that you are unsaveable and destroys your soul?’ Fero continued. ‘By your own admission, you killed a man.’
‘Yeah, but t’was an accident. I’m not like one of yon assassins ’oo kills ’cos ’e enjoys it, and fer money too,’ replied the prisoner. ‘ ’E started th’ fight. I were only a thief. No evil in that is there? Any road, even Kal’era’ll giv’ a person a chance t’improve, like. Send me back on t’Wheel I ’spect.’
Fero turned away from the door and left the man. He did not feel like arguing about religion and morality or anything else at the moment. He went and sat down on the bench. How was he going to manage in this cell? His friends would not come to look for him, as they would think that he was staying out in the countryside, and he had heard that justice was not quick in the towns.
He began to wonder what the punishment was for theft. He knew he was innocent, but who would take the word of a stranger against that of a lieutenant in the guard, although why the lieutenant would want to frame him he could not imagine. Whatever the punishment was, he knew that for him it would be dire. He could not stand imprisonment. That would be the worst punishment he could receive. If, however, the punishment were the removal of a hand or even fingers, this too would have severe implications, as it would mean that he would no longer be able to use his bow.
Fero felt the blackness. He tried to fight it, but could not use his usual methods of going out into the woods or doing something else to keep himself busy. Eventually, he turned over on his bench, faced the wall and gave in to despair.

Basalt had had a similarly disappointing time while enquiring amongst the metalworkers as he had had with the Guard and the smiths. As with the blacksmiths, they all seemed to want someone with less experience than the dwarf, or did not want to employ anyone at all. In a large town such as Hambara, Basalt found this state of affairs strange in the least. He wandered back to the inn, musing to himself.
When he arrived, Keloriff approached him with the note that Fero had left for him and Carthinal. He thanked the man, but did not open it, as it would have been a waste of time since he had never learned to read. It was not a skill that he had required in the mines as a youngster and he had not bothered to learn since. He would wait until Carthinal returned and he would ask him to read it. He did not have to wait too long before Carthinal came in through the door. He was in a buoyant mood, as he had now received the results of three tests and had passed all of them, the second with distinction, and the third with a merit. Basalt was pleased for him and after congratulating the mage, he handed him the note.
‘It’s from Fero,’ Basalt told him. ‘I think it’s telling us he’s gone out of town. He was rather restless and feeling the need for some fresh air, I think. Can’t blame the lad. I feel a bit like that myself.’
Carthinal opened the note and read,

‘Carthinal and Bas,
I have been unable to find work in the city, and I am becoming suffocated here. I cannot breathe this air or stand the press of so many people any longer. I am going out of the city and into the woods for tonight. I will return tomorrow to try my luck again in the Hiring Hall. I will come to the inn after that and eat with you at least.
Fero.’

Carthinal and Basalt ate their meal, fish from the lake, baked with a kind of sweet potato and tomatoes and onions. They finished the meal with goat’s cheese and bread and washed it down with ale.
‘I’m afraid I won’t be able to keep you company this evening, Bas,’ apologised Carthinal to the dwarf. Tomorrow’s test is to be the most important, the practical, and I must ensure that I have enough rest. I hope you don’t mind if I go to our room now.’
‘Of course not, lad,’ replied the dwarf. ‘Your test is important. I’ll find someone to while away the time with.
’While Carthinal was resting, or trying to, thoughts of what might happen in the test kept passing through his mind. When he eventually fell asleep it was to dream of being bereft of his magic and pursued through impenetrable forests by horrific monsters.

Basalt was not troubled by any such thoughts. He was concentrating on a game of Rond, which he seemed to be winning.
By the end of the evening, he had a nice pile of crown pieces stacked up by his side. These he placed in his pouch and said, ‘Thank you gentlemen. Any time you’d like to play again, I’ll be pleased to join you.’
One of the three other card players grunted that he was too good for them, and maybe they should try a different game next time, and then bid him goodnight. Basalt climbed the stairs feeling a little more pleased as he now had some more money, but was still concerned as to finding a job.
The next morning, when Basalt woke, he was not looking forward to the day as he was still searching for a job. There was still a lot of options open. There were other metal workers that he had not yet approached, and he could also carve wood quite passably, so failing metalwork, he would try his hand at woodwork.
The morning passed in a similar vein to the previous day, but in the late afternoon, in a narrow back street, he came across a small metalworker’s shop. The goods in the window were of a high quality, and so he entered. A young man was there, working on an intricate piece.
‘I’ll be with you in a moment, sir,’ the young man said. ‘Just at a tricky bit. Take a look around while you wait.’
Basalt took the young man at his word and looked. The goods were of a high quality. Not quite as high as he himself could make, but if the young man was responsible, he was not very experienced yet and eventually, Basalt thought, he would make a top craftsman.
‘There! That’s done,’ said the young man with feeling. ‘Now, what can I do for you? Sorry to have kept you waiting. Is it a commission, or do you want to buy something from stock?’
‘Neither,’ Bas replied. ‘I’m looking for work.’
‘Really?’ The young man looked surprised. ‘Are you any good? Do you have any examples of your work? Sorry to have to ask, but I’m new here in Hambara and have yet to make my reputation. If I take on a substandard worker, my reputation will suffer.’
‘Yes, I understand. Don’t fret yourself, my lad,’ replied the dwarf, fumbling in his backpack. ‘Now where is it? Ah! Here you are.’ He handed a piece of jewellery to the young man who took it to the window to inspect. ‘I don’t have any larger pieces on me, but I can do wrought iron work for whatever function you require.’ Basalt told him.
‘This is superb work,’ said a rather breathless young man. ‘Why has a craftsman like you come to me for work? Surely you could get a job with one of the more established shops in the town?’
‘No. It seems that no one is looking for a master craftsman at the moment, surprising as it may seem,’ replied the dwarf.
‘Well I am,’ said the young man, surprising Basalt as he was expecting the usual reply. ‘We’ll need to negotiate your pay, of course. I can’t afford the wages that are paid by most of the others in town, but I would really like to have you work for me. This work is the best I’ve seen. You’ll make my shop famous if your larger work is as good. Maybe eventually we can become partners.’ The young man's enthusiasm threatened to overwhelm him, then he said,  ‘Are you sure you want to work here?’
Basalt replied in the affirmative and the two of them negotiated the rate of pay. It was considerably less than he was hoping for, but he knew the young man (whose name turned out to be Nitormon) was in no position to pay more, and so he made a token show of bargaining so as not to embarrass Nitormon. He also knew that in the future, Nitormon was going to make his name such was the quality of his work. They agreed for Basalt to begin work the following morning at the second hour.
That evening, Basalt returned to the inn in a much more cheerful frame of mind. He had a job, and he was looking forward to seeing Fero again, hoping he had also been successful, and Carthinal too, as he was sure that he also would have something to celebrate.

He ate alone. Neither of his friends had come in. The evening was spoiled for him. He was worried. Fero had said that he would return to at least dine with them, and Carthinal should have been back from his practical test by now. Basalt hoped that the worst had not happened to Carthinal. Probably he had gone out to celebrate with the other candidates and would be back late, but his worry did not go away, and he fell into an uneasy sleep.
The next morning, when he woke and saw that Carthinal’s bed had not been slept in he was even more anxious. Perhaps he should go to the Tower and find out what had happened? Then he thought that he would look foolish and like an anxious mother if Carthinal was fine and had slept off his celebrations at the Tower. He could do nothing about Fero, but he imagined all sorts of things happening out in the wilds. Therefore, he set off for Nitormon’s shop. He entered, and was greeted by Nitormon warmly, and set to work on a complex piece of wrought ironware. It was to be a serving table for a rich house, one of those on the outskirts of the city. Nitormon worked alongside of him, and chatted about himself and asked few questions of Basalt, for which the dwarf was grateful. He did not feel in the mood for talking very much.
Lunchtime came, and he determined to go out of the shop and so he walked as far as the nearest tavern. His footsteps did begin to stray towards the Tower, but he made himself return. After lunch, he returned to the shop to find it closed. The door was locked and there was no sign of Nitormon.
He stood there puzzling out what had happened, when a passing woman said, ‘He’s gone. Don’t know where or why. I saw two men go in, a few minutes later, Nitormon came out with them, locked the shop, and they all went off down the street. Nitormon looked uneasy, as though he didn’t want to go with them, but the men were big fellows so he probably had no choice. Hope he’s all right though. Nice chap, Nitormon. If you want to buy something, try Tendex in the main street. He’s almost as good. Goodbye.’
With that, she walked off leaving a puzzled Basalt standing looking at the shop. Bas could not think what Nitormon had done to be carted off like that. He could do nothing standing there though so he spent the rest of the afternoon worrying about his friends and his job and wandering the streets of Hambara until he decided to return to the Golden Dragon.
CHAPTER 13

PRACTICAL

This was it. The final and most important part of the test was to begin a little later than the others, at the fourth hour. There were still six of them as all had learned of their success in the previous afternoon’s test, Carthinal and Ebrassaria again gaining distinctions. (The elf had looked rather piqued to find that a mere half-elf seemed to be matching her efforts in the written tests.)
This time, instead of going upstairs to the room where they had done their written tests, they were escorted down many flights of stairs to a room well below ground level. They were left in a circular room devoid of furniture, but which boasted seven doors in the walls, including the one through which they had entered. Six mages entered from the other doors and introduced themselves to the candidates. There was to be one mage to watch each candidate. Carthinal’s examiner was an elven mage who introduced herself as Yssalithissandra. (Yssa for short she told him in a whisper, giving him a wink.) They were each to enter a different door, and had six hours to find the door to return to this room. There would be a number of different problems and dangers for them to overcome. On their return, they would be assessed on the efficacy of their use of magic and how well they conserved their strength as well as the intelligent way they solved any problems they might meet on the way. They were allowed to take one scroll and one weapon with them, but no magical items. The last word to them was a warning that there was a very real danger of death in the test before them, and that if any of them wished to pull out, now was the time.
Carthinal looked round. No one moved, although Olipeca looked rather pale, and Grimmaldo looked decidedly green. No. No one was going to pull out. They all selected their weapon and scroll. Carthinal chose to take his dagger, which he always had strapped to his wrist, and a True Seeing scroll, having decided that it was quite possible that much of what was behind the door would be illusion. Even with that knowledge he knew that illusions could be deadly too.
They all moved forward as one. As they reached the doors, Grimmaldo whispered “Good Luck” to Carthinal. He did not have his usual cheery grin, Carthinal noted, and he was looking decidedly nervous. Carthinal wondered if he looked as scared and if they would all return through those doors.
The door closed and he was alone in the pitch darkness. He could see nothing at all with normal vision, so he looked around for any heat sources that may denote a living being. Towards the end of the corridor, he could see a vaguely humanoid-shaped red glow.
‘Is this enemy number one?’ he wondered. ‘I’d better walk quietly closer and see.’
This he did, in the pitch dark, until he could make out a distinctly hobgoblin smell.
‘OK,’ he thought to himself, ‘I can deal with this without my spells,’ and with that, he released his dagger from the harness holding it on his forearm and in the same movement threw it unerringly towards the creature’s throat. He was rewarded with a gurgle and saw the reddish shape slump to the floor, the redness fading as the body began to cool in death. Carthinal quickly retrieved his dagger while he could still see it.
Now there was only blackness. No sign of any further enemies, but a few paces away from where the body of the hobgoblin lay, the corridor finished in a blank wall.
‘What now?’ he muttered aloud. ‘There must be a secret door somewhere. I’ve got six hours to complete this test, so there is no rush. At least not yet.’ He leaned against the wall to think, and as he moved his feet, he heard a sound beneath them and realised that there were rushes on the ground. ‘Torches! Yes!’
Carthinal knelt down and gathered a bunch of the rushes. They were dry, so he set about making a torch. He knew that if he just set light to them, as they were, they would burn far too quickly, so he plaited the ends where he would grip them, and left the tops free. He made a number of these rush torches, taking the time to do so since he had no idea if he would find any more rushes further into the labyrinth, or so he surmised it to be. After he had what he considered a sufficient number, he used the cantrip that he had used to light the fires on his journey with Asphodel and Bas to light the first torch. It took a few seconds to light, and he thought that it was not going to work but then suddenly there was a splutter and the makeshift rush torch was burning.
The end of the corridor proved not to have any signs of secret doors. He searched twice to be sure, then slowly made his way back up the corridor towards the door through which he had entered. There was no sign of a door on the right hand side, nor, to his surprise, was there any sign of the door through which he had entered.
‘Well that ensures we don’t go back anyway,’ he said to himself, as he began to search the other wall of the corridor. ‘Ah! I knew there must be something somewhere!’
He could see the very finest line in the stonework. It was hardly visible, but his elven heritage had given him excellent vision. He did wonder for a moment how non-elves would set about finding this door, but it was not his problem, so he put it aside. Mabryl had told him to focus on the problem to hand and not to worry about things he could do nothing about.
‘That way lies death,’ Mabryl’s voice whispered in his mind. He also remembered similar instructions from his life in the gangs, before Mabryl had saved him.
It took but a couple of seconds for him to discover the mechanism that opened the door and then a portion of the wall swung inwards with a grinding sound.
‘Kassilla’s tits!’ he swore. ‘If anything’s in there, it would have heard that a mile away.’
Ensuring there were no rushes to set on fire on the floor of this new corridor, Carthinal stubbed his torch out. He stood in the dark, searching the corridor for signs of life. No red glowing figures were visible, nor did he hear any sounds. Wait! Was that a shuffling? No… Yes! There was something out there. He could see no heat sources. Then he realised with a sinking feeling. One of his biggest dreads! Undead!
Well, they knew he was here, and he must be able to see them if he was to fight them, so he quickly re-lit his torch. Sure enough, shuffling slowly along the corridor was a zombie. Carthinal’s mind began to work quickly. He needed something more than his dagger here as it was unlikely that a single throw would stop the zombie. Zombies fought with their bare hands, hitting and clawing at their victims, but could do a tremendous amount of damage, especially to an unarmoured mage. He therefore could not get into close combat with it. A spell then, that was the answer. Trying any mind influencing spell was no use as undead were generally immune to such spells, not having a mind to affect, so it was no use trying to put it to sleep. He decided to use small bolts of energy. He quickly took the mana into himself and wove the pattern to absorb energy from the surroundings and transfer it into darts of pure energy. Two silvery darts shot out from his fingertips to bury themselves unerringly in the zombie’s chest. It staggered and fell to the ground, twitched a few times and then was still.
‘I hope there are no more of them! I hate undead, they give me the creeps.’ Carthinal was not sure why he was talking aloud. ‘Maybe for reassurance,’ he reasoned, ‘After all, I could actually die in here.’
The thought was not a pleasant one, and he quickly quashed it, but like everything that one tries not to think about, the idea kept returning. To try to stop it, he began to talk to himself again.
‘I think that I’ve been in here now about an hour and a half. Time to find the door, time to make the rush lights, and two enemies to dispatch. Still plenty time, but then, I don’t know, do I? I’ve no idea how far I have to go, or what I must face. I’d better move on.’
The corridor seemed to curve to the left, meaning that Carthinal could not see very far in front of him. It was worse than a sudden corner, as there he could have stopped and looked carefully round it, so he walked slowly and quietly along, pausing every few yards to listen. It meant that his progress was very slow, but he was as sure as he could be that he was not running into danger unprepared. The long curving corridor eventually ended with no further traps or enemies to be overcome, and then forked into two ahead of him.
‘Now which way?’ he wondered.
He decided to toss a coin as no other ideas came to him. Heads, left, tails right. It came down heads, so he took the left fork. Again there was no sign of an enemy, but he moved with care just in case. The corridor ended in a blank wall. He searched again for any secret doors, but this time he drew a blank.
‘Seems like I should have gone right then. So much for the God of Chance!’ he murmured as he retraced his steps. This time he took the right hand fork. He estimated that his caution on the curving corridor and the wrong turn had taken up another hour, leaving four more hours to find the way out.
He noticed that the corridor ahead had a number of alcoves in it.
‘What a good place for an ambush,’ he thought.
Almost as a reflex, he stubbed out the light. That would have let anyone know exactly where he was. He paused. Yes, sure enough, there were heat sources in some of those alcoves. He moved backwards, confidant that whatever or whoever was in the alcoves would have seen his torch and be expecting him. He leaned against the wall while he thought. It may be that there were enemies in the further alcoves too. In which case, they would wait until he had passed the first ones and then surround him. That was what he would do in their place. He considered using a protection spell to give himself some armour, but quickly rejected it, as it would use up his energy and probably to no avail if he were fighting in close quarters with enemies in front and behind. No, he would need to draw them out somehow while he was still on this side of them all, so that he could put them to sleep and put at least some of them out of commission while he dealt with the rest.
He quickly made a plan, and then ran it through his mind again to look for any flaws. There were flaws, of course, not least that he did not know what kind of creature he was dealing with. He assumed that the mages would not put in anything that a final grade apprentice should not be able to deal with, so he began to execute his plan.
First, he felt around for any pebbles or stones, and picked up a few, then he crept forward silently, as only elves and their kin can do. When he was within spell range, he stepped out and began to shuffle on the spot. Sure enough, he saw the creatures in the first two alcoves begin to prepare. He noted with relief that they did not seem to be too large, maybe kobolds or goblins. Next, he took out a small pebble and tossed it to just in front of the first alcoves, he then tossed a second between the alcoves. Using a simple cantrip that he had learned in his early days with Mabryl, he said, “Shit!” and caused the sound to appear to come from the position of the second pebble.
Immediately, four goblins emerged from four alcoves, waving short swords at the empty space between them. Goblins are not noted for their intelligence, and after whacking each other a couple of times, they stood around in confusion. This gave Carthinal the chance to get a sleep spell off and within a few seconds, three of the four were snoring on the floor. Carthinal quickly took out the fourth with his dagger, thrown with deadly accuracy, and then re-lit the torch before going over to retrieve his weapon and dispatch the remaining three.
He was beginning to feel tired and thirsty so he decided that there was time for him to rest for a few minutes. He took a drink out of the pack that all the apprentices had been given and sank down onto the floor and drank deeply, but he did not empty the flask. Having decided to remain there for another half-hour before continuing on, he re-lit a torch while he rested and put it in a sconce that he noticed on the wall. It gave a welcome light. He considered his progress so far and felt that he had done all right. He had got past three enemies and only used two simple spells so far. That meant he had enough energy left for several more, depending on their difficulty and the amount of mana they drew. He did not see that there could possibly be more than one more enemy, or it would have been well nigh impossible for many that would rely completely on spells. However, there would almost certainly be tests of ingenuity and intelligence.
When he estimated that the half hour rest he had allowed himself was up, he stood, stretched to get rid of the stiffness from sitting on the floor, and once more shouldered his pack and set off down the corridor, having picked the torch up out of the sconce. He had decided that he would like some light for a while, reasoning that there would be no enemies in this part of the tunnel as he had just passed some, so he carried the torch still lit. A corridor branched off to the left. Should he take it or go straight on? He pondered for a minute, and then decided to continue along the corridor that he was travelling down. If it came to a dead end, he could always backtrack to here. The corridor continued to have alcoves along it for some distance, but then they suddenly stopped. The corridor widened and became a large circular room with four doorways leading from it. The four doors were closed, but in the centre of the room was a circular device made of metal. On the top was a second circle of metal, slightly smaller, with an arrow engraved on one side.
Carthinal looked carefully at the device and it became apparent that the piece of metal on the top rotated over the lower one. There were four lines engraved on the lower circle across the diameter and at right angles to each other. Carthinal did not touch it yet. He decided that he needed to know more before doing anything. He looked around the room, and saw that there was writing all around, just above the height of the doors. Just at that moment, his rush torch went out.
After he had lit another, noticing that he was getting down to the last few, he approached the wall to the left of the door through which he had entered the room and held up the torch. There was a two-line rhyme, which read,

‘The spring wind blows cross mountains wide
‘Through land of horse where barbarians ride.’

Continuing round the room, he pieced together the following,

‘From icy mountains encased in snow
‘In winter do the cold winds blow.

‘The summer winds are soft and warm
‘They blow from desert and waving palm.

‘The autumn winds are rough and wild
‘They bring doom for man and child.

‘So turn me round and I will show
‘The proper way that you must go

‘But get it wrong and sorry be
‘For you must fight or you must flee.’

‘It’s some sort of puzzle to locate the correct door.’ surmised Carthinal.
He paused to consider the words again. He wanted to be absolutely sure that he got it right as he did not want to face the consequences of a wrong choice.
‘“Turn me round.” That’s probably the device in the centre. It must be like a combination lock,’ he muttered. ‘I don’t suppose that there will be any help in listening for mechanisms working. It implies that a door will open anyway, and if it is wrong, dire consequences will result. OK. Then the other rhymes must give the directions. The second one must be the south wind as the Great Desert is in the south. The Barbarians with their horses are over the Western Mountains, so that must be the west wind. The one from the icy mountains must be the north wind, which leaves, by a process of elimination, the east wind for the final one. Ah! Got it. The clue is in the word “doom”. The Mountains of Doom are to the east. That means it refers to the compass directions in the order: west, north, south and east. That must be the direction that I turn the wheel.’
The problem now was locating north. There had been so many twists and turns that Carthinal had lost all sense of direction. ‘Bas, I could do with you now!’ he said, thinking of the ability of dwarves to locate direction underground. ‘Or I could do with a lodestone.’
He considered for a little longer, then decided that the mages would not have given an impossible task, so maybe there was a lodestone, or some other hint, hidden somewhere and he had missed it. First, he searched the room carefully. Nothing became apparent, so he backtracked to the corridor that he had missed. He entered it holding his light high and walking with care, on the look out for enemies. There did not seem to be any danger down this tunnel. Suddenly, his light glinted off something in the wall of the tunnel. It was the door to a cupboard cut out of the rock. It was the metal ring to the left side of the door that glinted. He did not know whether there were any traps on the door, so he took his dagger and, standing to the side and as far away as he could, he raised the latch. The door swung open. He waited for a few seconds until he was sure that nothing was going to go off belatedly, and then held his light so that he could see into the space. At first, he saw nothing, but when he put his hand into the cupboard and felt around, he came across a small object. On withdrawing it, he saw that it was a small case with a glass lid, and suspended inside the case was a small piece of lodestone, one end marked with red paint.
‘Just what I was looking for!’ he remarked, feeling rather smug.
He retraced his footsteps until he came back to the large round room, and now he could establish which way north was. He put the lodestone down, and turned the upper wheel until the notch was pointing to the west. After that, he rotated it to the north, then south, then east.
There was a rumbling sound. Carthinal held his breath, and the second door to the right slowly swung open. He waited for a few seconds, but nothing came out so he put out the torch so he could use infravision better and carefully approached the tunnel. No heat sources to be seen, so he cautiously entered. Feeling his way along, Carthinal crept along a tunnel that wound backwards and forwards, sometimes seeming to go back on itself a number of times. By now he had lost all sense of time, but decided that since no one had come to collect him, he must still be within the six hours, although it felt that he had been creeping along dark tunnels for days. He stopped for another drink and a look around. Still no heat sources. He lit another torch, noting with dismay that it was his last, and praying to Majora that he was near enough to the end for it to last.
After a short while, there seemed to be a wall in front of him. He stopped, thinking that there had been no side passages for him to miss. Then he noticed that there was a cool breeze around his feet. Looking down, he saw a dark shadow towards the bottom of the wall to his left. He knelt down, and sure enough, there was a low passage, only high enough to crawl along. Carthinal did not like this idea, as he felt vulnerable being unable to run, and with insufficient space to cast spells or throw his dagger. Memories came unbidden as to how mages sometimes died in the practical test. The more he tried to push those thoughts away, the more they stalked him, like ghosts, quietly and almost imperceptibly. He broke out into a sweat, and felt himself begin to shiver.
‘This is no good,’ he told himself. ‘If you want to pass this damned test, you’ve got to go in there! Remember you promised Mabryl to do you level best to get through.’
With that, he hitched his robe out of the way so that he could crawl, put out the light as there would be no possibility of using it safely, and it would have been so humiliating to set himself on fire and have to be rescued. With that thought, he entered the tunnel.
‘Thank the gods for infravision. This would be a dreadful ordeal if one could not see anything at all.’
Occasional small heat sources could be seen, but they were just spiders and beetles. Carthinal’s skin crawled as he thought of them getting in his clothing and onto his skin. Second only to undead, Carthinal hated spiders. Eventually, after what seemed to him like hours of crawling, but was in reality only about fifteen minutes, the crawl way ended in another large room.
At the entrance to the crawl way, Carthinal paused and looked. ‘Oh shit!’
Ahead of him was a large shape glowing red. It turned its eight red glowing eyes towards where Carthinal was crouching by the tunnel. By the shape of it, it was a gigantic spider.
‘Oh shit!’ he re-iterated as the creature began to run towards him across the room.
Then he thought of the true seeing spell that he had on a scroll. Reasoning that the mages would not deliberately try to kill their apprentices, he quickly pulled it out and began to read it. The spell took effect just as the spider was about to strike, and to his relief it disappeared. It had been an illusion after all. However, behind where the spider had been there was a door. Carthinal ran across to it, looking around for any more nasty surprises, and pulled the door open. Light flooded into the cavern, blinding Carthinal for a moment, and he staggered over the threshold. 
Hands guided him to a chair, and voices were congratulating him for being the first one back. Slowly it dawned on him that he was out of the tunnels, and had succeeded in completing the practical test. His sense of relief was immense, and he offered up a prayer of thanks to Majora for his success. It was several minutes before he realised what it meant. He had passed his test and was now no longer an apprentice.
‘I did it, Mabryl. You said I would, but I didn’t believe you,’ he murmured.
‘What did you say?’ said a voice at his side.
‘Oh, nothing. Was I talking aloud?’
He turned to see who had spoken. It was the mage who had overseen his test, Yssalithissandra.
‘Well done. You got back with half an hour to spare. We’re expecting some of the others any time now. How are you feeling?’ she sounded genuinely concerned, so Carthinal stood up and told her he was feeling fine.
He stretched and looked towards the other doors. One of them was opening, and through it came Olipeca. She looked very tired, but not completely spent. He guessed that she had not needed to use all her spells either. Her examiner escorted her to a chair, and spoke reassuring words to her. Suddenly, she seemed to realise that she was out of the test tunnels and within the given time. Her face lit up with a smile. Her hair had come loose from its customary tight and severe style. It hung loose around her face, and the ecstatic smile on her face, as she realised she had made it through in time, made her look almost pretty.
Then one of the other doors opened and through it staggered Grimmaldo. He just about managed to get over the threshold when he collapsed into the waiting arms of his examiner, and was all but carried to a chair. He had just made it with only a few minutes to spare, but he had made it. Carthinal looked around. There were three of them back, and there were five arch-mages. Carthinal was just going to ask where the sixth arch-mage was when another door opened and he came in carrying something. He put it down on the floor, and the others could see that it was Laurre. He was lying very still. The mage said something to the others which the now ex-apprentices could not hear. Then he came over to where they were waiting.
‘I am very sorry to tell you that your friend, Laurre did not make it through the labyrinth. He died in the ambush section. A great pity. We always regret the loss of a student, but the tests are essential as I am sure you appreciate.’
‘What about Ebrassaria and Hammevaro?’ asked Grimmaldo. Just as he was speaking, and as the final few seconds of the time ticked away, one of the last two doors opened and Hammevaro literally fell into the room, and was immediately violently sick on the floor. One of the mages called for an apprentice to clear it up as he lifted Hammevaro to one of the chairs, where he immediately passed out.
‘Well, he’s just made it,’ whispered Grimmaldo, ‘but what about Ebrassaria?’
In answer to his question, one of the wizards entered the final door and a few minutes later emerged with Ebrassaria clinging onto his arm. She looked the worst of them all, barely able to stand, and paler even than Grimmaldo had looked before entering. The arch-mage accompanying her led her to a chair and sat her down. He gave her sips of water and talked to her quietly. She did not seem to realise what was going on or where she was at first, then suddenly it seemed to dawn on her that she was out of the labyrinth and that since she had required an escort out that she had not passed the practical. She burst into tears.
Yssalithissandra spoke quietly to the others. ‘Of course, this means that she has failed to pass this test as she did not get out of the labyrinth in time,’ she sighed. ‘A great pity as she did so well in the theory. Still, a mage needs to be a practitioner as well as a theorist. She can always retake another time.’
As the group of newly promoted mages was leaving the room Yssalithissandra approached Carthinal. Grimmaldo, and Hammevaro left to collapse somewhere to sleep, and Olipeca to find her master to give her the good news.
‘I have something that Mabryl was bringing for you,’ Carthinal told her. ‘An old spell book that he thought would help you in your research of the old knowledge’
'Really?' replied the woman. 'How odd that I should turn out to be your examiner then. Come to my rooms later then and you can give it to me and we can talk about Mabryl. I knew him well when he was in the tower and would like to catch up on his life after he left here.'
'Thank you,' Carthinal answered, 'I would like that.' 
He realised that he was telling the truth. He was now ready to deal with Mabryl's death and actually wanted to talk about him.
CHAPTER 14

YSSALITHISSANDRA

Carthinal left the tower to wander around the gardens. He sat down on a seat near to a stream and leaned back to enjoy the late afternoon sunshine. The winter was almost at an end, and there was beginning to be a little strength in the sun at last. He heard footsteps behind him, and opened his eyes to see Tharron approaching.
‘I hope you don’t mind me joining you, Carthinal,’ he said as he sat down on the bench next to the younger man. ‘I wanted to congratulate you on passing your tests. I believe you passed very well. I cannot tell you more than that at this juncture though, but Mabryl would have been proud of you.’
‘Thank you,’ replied Carthinal with a smile. ‘I hope that Mabryl would have been pleased. You don’t know how sorry I am that he couldn’t be here. I sometimes feel there must have been some more that I should have done so he could be with us now.’
The young half-elf’s face filled with sorrow as he spoke.
‘I am certain that there’s nothing at all that you can blame yourself for, Carthinal.’ The older man placed a reassuring hand on Carthinal’s arm. ‘Just be glad for his life and remember him as he would have wanted you to remember him. And,’ he added, ‘If he can see from where he’s gone, I know he will be looking on you with pride.’
‘You’re right of course,’ replied Carthinal. ‘I’ll never forget his kindness to me. I owe him more than I could ever repay. I’ll try to live as he taught me and maybe that’ll be some repayment of my debt.’
‘Well said,’ smiled Tharron, ‘but this is a time for celebration, not sadness. You’ve made it into the ranks of the mages, and there’s nothing to stop you from going further. There are no more tests like the ones you have just taken, only your own growing powers and experience will take you through to the ranks to the arch-mages and maybe even magister some day in the future.’ He shivered suddenly. ‘It’s beginning to get a little cooler out here. It must be nearing half after the eleventh hour. I usually eat something at around the twelfth hour. Would you care to join me? The dining room will be opening fairly soon, or we could go to an inn. There’s quite a good one not far away.’
Carthinal suddenly realised that he was extremely hungry. He accepted Tharron’s invitation, and the two of them decided to go to the inn, away from the confines of the tower so that they could have some privacy and for Carthinal to escape from the reminders of the tests just undertaken. The meal was excellent, and Tharron insisted that Carthinal drink some of the extremely good wine that he ordered as a celebration of his success.
‘You’ll get your results officially tomorrow when you’ll find out how well you’ve done overall,’ Tharron told him. ‘The practical is weighted in the results and carries twice the marks of the others. We consider that it’s more important to be able to practice magic than to theorise, so that’s how we do it. I believe you acquitted yourself superbly in the practical test, and overall, but you’ll get your final results tomorrow at the Ceremony of the Presentation of the Robes. The ceremony will be held in the Great Hall an hour before the lunch hour. It’s followed by a banquet to celebrate. This gives the candidates time to recover from their ordeal, and still gives time for private celebration afterwards.’
After a very good meal, for which Tharron insisted on paying, Carthinal excused himself and left to make his way to see Yssalithissandra. She had told him where her rooms were and he had no difficulty in finding his way there. It was about an hour after sunset by the time he knocked on her door.
‘Come in, Carthinal,’ called a warm, feminine voice from inside the rooms.
He opened the door, entered, and found himself in a cosy room. There was a fire burning in the grate on the wall to the right as he entered, with a pile of logs ready to replenish it as it burned down. In front of the fire were two settees set facing each other. They were upholstered in red velvet with gold covered cushions scattered over them. On the floor was a rug of red and gold and gold brocade curtains hung at the window on the opposite side of the room from the fire. A window seat filled the window alcove and the curtains were closed against the chill of the night air.
The room was lit by candles in holders rather than by torches, and between the two settees was a low table supporting two wineglasses and a bottle of wine. Sitting on one of the settees was Yssalithissandra. She was wearing white robes, and her hair was unbound. It seemed to be made of spun gold in the flickering light of the candles and fell down past her shoulders, reaching almost to her waist. Carthinal stopped in the doorway. He knew he was staring, but could not help himself. She was beautiful.
‘Come and sit down, Carthinal,’ she said,  ‘And have a drink. I’ve opened a bottle of Perimo in honour of your success.’
Carthinal was not sure he should have any more to drink as he had had wine with his dinner, but Yssalithissandra was already pouring a glass of the sparkling pink wine for him. He thanked her and sat on the opposite settee.
‘Now, I want to know about Mabryl. Tell me all about your life with him. We knew each other well when he was at the Tower. Then he decided that he didn’t want the academic life any more and went adventuring and we lost touch after a while.’
‘He told me that after he left the tower, he had gone adventuring for a number of years until he felt he was too old. Then he settled in Bluehaven, working for the Duke and other nobility. I believe he occasionally had the odd job from King Gerim too,’ Carthinal replied.
‘Did he now?’ Yssalithissandra sounded impressed. ‘I always knew he had it in him to go far. If he had been so minded, I believe he could have been Chief Magister of the Tower, but he preferred to live more freely than that job would have allowed.’
They talked about Mabryl for quite some time, each remembering tales of him, and laughing over some of the exploits that he had got up to as a student, as well as Carthinal relating some of the antics of himself and the other apprentices which annoyed Mabryl. Carthinal felt very much better as the evening wore on. He felt that talking of Mabryl to someone who had known him well and had been a valued friend was at last helping him to come to terms with the death of his foster father.
‘I’d almost forgotten the other apprentices,’ said Carthinal suddenly. ‘They’ll have to find another mentor now. They also don’t know of Mabryl’s death. I’m ashamed to say that I’d completely forgotten about them until just now.’
‘I’ll send word to them, and tell them that they can come and join me here at the Tower. I’ll take them on as my apprentices. I don’t have any at the moment.’
‘Thank you Yssalithissandra. That will be a great help,’ replied Carthinal.
‘Please, Carthinal—Yssa. I hope we’ll be friends after this evening,’ protested the elf, pouring out another glass of wine.
Carthinal laughed. ‘Of course we will be, Yssa,’ he replied, ‘but I really shouldn’t have any more wine. I’m feeling a little light-headed as it is. I had some with Tharron over dinner too.’
Yssa looked up from pouring the wine. Her eyes were unreadable. She set down the bottle and moved over to sit down by Carthinal.
She stroked his hair, saying, ‘It is the most beautiful colour. Those reddish glints! How I envy you.’
‘But your own hair is so beautiful, Yssa,’ replied the bemused half-elf. ‘How can you envy someone who has red hair? I was always teased about it when I was younger. It came from my mother, you know. Now your hair is like spun gold—a precious metal, while mine is mere copper.’ He took a strand in his fingers as he spoke. ‘And it feels like silk,’ he continued.
Yssa blushed as he spoke. She was feeling a little light-headed from the wine, as indeed was Carthinal. A log in the fire popped, but neither of them seemed to notice it. They continued to talk to each other of inconsequential things and were acutely aware of the proximity of the other, but seemingly unaware of their surroundings. The world had contracted to just the two of them and the settee on which they were sitting.
Before he knew that he was going to do it, Carthinal took her hand and kissed her palm. She looked into his eyes, which seemed a darker blue than ever. Her hand came up to caress his cheek and as she did so, he leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. It seemed to whet his appetite for her because he then pulled her towards him and kissed her again, this time more passionately. Yssa responded to his ardour and her lips parted as she accepted his kiss.
After a few minutes, she stood, took his hand and said, huskily, ‘Come into the bedroom. It will be more comfortable,’ and she pulled him towards a door in the back wall of the room.
Carthinal followed her and once in the room, they made love on her large and comfortable bed.

The daylight streaming in through the window woke Carthinal. He could not place where he was for several minutes and then he realised as memory flooded back. What had he done? He was in the bed of a respected arch-mage, and he merely newly promoted. She would be so angry at allowing this to happen he was sure. They had both been a little tipsy from the wine, but he should have been more responsible. After telling Tharron that he wanted to live as Mabryl had taught him, he immediately went and took advantage of a woman under the influence of wine.
At that moment the door opened and Yssa entered with coffee.
‘Yssa! I’m so sorry. Last night should not have happened.’
She laughed. ‘Why ever not? Didn’t you enjoy yourself? I know I did. You are a very good-looking young man, and an excellent lover. Did I not please you? Do you not find me attractive?’
On receiving replies of a positive nature, she continued, ‘Then what’s to regret?’
‘But you are an eminent arch-mage and I’m just newly promoted!’ Carthinal also felt some guilt about Asphodel, although he told himself that he would probably never see her again.
‘Rot!’ replied Yssa. ‘Since when does that matter? What is rank anyway? Simply something saying that I have more experience than you do. And I’m willing to bet that at some time in the future you’ll be a better mage than ever I am. Now drink your coffee and get dressed or you’ll be late for the ceremony. There’s soap and things on the wash stand in the corner. I’ve heated up some water for you.’
With that, Yssa left the room. Carthinal sipped his coffee and then got out of bed. True to her word, Yssa had brought water, and when he was washed and dressed, with his beard trimmed to the short stubble he preferred he strode out of the room.
Yssa looked him over. ‘That’s better. Now you look fit for a presentation. You’d better go on down. Please don’t be concerned over last night. It was something that happened that neither of us planned. There are no strings, Carthinal, remember that.’
Carthinal left the room and descended the stairs feeling relief at Yssa’s words. They could still be friends without last night getting in the way as it sometimes did in these circumstances. The young half-elf was please to think that, as he truly liked Yssa and enjoyed her company and wanted to think that she also liked him and equally enjoyed his company, which it seemed she did. Yes, they could be friends.
He came to the Great Hall, which seemed even larger than before. It was filled with chairs, and a platform had been erected at one side. The other four newly qualified mages were already there, and they called him over. Hammevaro did not seem very pleased to see him, but the other three were very welcoming.
‘Now we’ll see how well we really did,’ remarked Grimmaldo. ‘They’ll give us our overall results at the ceremony.’
Shortly afterwards, they were told to take their seats at the front of the room, and the other chairs quickly filled up. Soon the magisters, the highest-ranking mages, entered in the golden robes that were reserved for these high-ranking men and women, and took their place on the platform. One man remained standing. He was Robiam, the man who was the Chief Magister of the Tower. He spoke for some time, welcoming the newly promoted apprentices to the ranks of the mages proper, gave them a few wise words, spoke with sadness of the loss of Laurre. He then gave a brief history of how the tests arose.
‘Once,’ said Robiam, ‘There were many different grades of mages, and tests were taken to achieve promotion from one grade to the next. You young people would have been at the first stage of your journey through those ranks, and would have been known as Conjurers. The next rank was Magician, and you would have had to take a test to progress from one to the other. Conjurers wore scarlet, and magicians wore blue. So it went on through witch/warlock, wizard, enchanter etc. up to arch-mage and magister. Each rank had its own colours, and only mages of that rank were allowed to wear robes of that particular colour. It was all very restrictive and hierarchical.’
He paused as though in thought, ‘A bit like the various churches still do to this day. Now, however, we’ve scrapped all the different ranks and only retained arch-mage and magister for those truly gifted mages who can attain those ranks. Mages can wear whatever colour they wish, except for gold, which is restricted to magisters. You young mages have a one-year probation to serve though in exceptional circumstances it is possible to finish your probation early. Don’t worry, it’s not something else to “fail” or “pass”, but just a safeguard so that folk, both mages and others, have the information that you are very new to this calling of ours and do not have unrealistic expectations of you. It is for the safeguarding of both new mages and the public. New mages wear the scarlet that “conjurers” of the past used to wear.
‘Now it is time for me to stop talking and to do what you have all been waiting for—The Presentation of the Robes to these young people.’
They went up one by one and collected their robes. At the same time, their final grades were given. Grimmaldo had achieved a good pass, as had Hammevaro. Olipeca obtained a merit, but Carthinal had achieved a distinction. All except Hammevaro were pleased with their results, but even he managed to relax a little during the celebratory meal after the ceremony.
Eventually, everything drew to a close, and the group was free to don their new robes, which they did with alacrity, and to go out to celebrate in their own way.
CHAPTER 15

TRAINING

Davrael was taking his turn at leading Moonbeam while Kimi rode. The usually dour and serious young man was smiling. He had never felt so happy in his life. He had no possessions, just his horse, which he reasoned they would have to sell when they reached Hambara, no family left except for Kimi, and no idea where their next meal was coming from, but he had never been more optimistic in his life. Of course, it was all because of Kimi and his love for her. At last they were together, and that was all that mattered to him. He turned and smiled up at her.
She smiled back. ‘I think it’s your turn to ride now, Davrael,’ she told him, stopping the mare and sliding down from her back.
‘Let’s both walk for a while, Little Mouse,’ smiled Davrael. ‘I want to hold your hand.’
Kimi reached out and took her new husband’s hand in hers, twining her fingers through his. They walked on together, not speaking, but just contented in the company of each other and the contact made through their handclasp.
It was a slightly warmer day than they had known recently. It was always a bit warmer in the lee of the mountains, but they had now left the range they knew as The Barrier far behind. The sun was shining too, adding to the feeling of optimism they shared.

‘Davrael,’ Kimi said suddenly, ‘I feel so happy. It doesn’t make any sense. Here we are, destitute and in a strange land. I should be feeling at least a bit nervous about the future, but somehow I don’t. I know everything will turn out well, somehow. Ever since we were married in that glade, I’ve had a feeling that we’re being looked after. It doesn’t make any sense,’ she repeated.
‘It’s because we’re together at last. Now nothing can separate us,’ Davrael replied, ‘Not even our parents. Somehow, I too know things will be fine. We’ll find work and somewhere to live, don’t you worry.’
Kimi laughed. I’m not worried, I just told you, didn’t I, you silly goose.’
They decided to stop for a break and something to eat as it was almost six hours since dawn and time for the mid-day meal. As they sat on the grass by the side of the dusty road, Davrael thought he heard something moving in the trees behind them. He quickly signed to Kimi to remain quiet and sit still. He then rose, drawing his two knives, and crept silently to the trees behind them. A man rose from the under-brush with a short sword drawn and ready. Davrael yelled a war cry and slashed with his left-hand knife. The man was not expecting this, thinking Davrael would use his right, a fact that Davrael was counting on. Davrael’s left-handedness had often caught unwary opponents in the Games held by the tribes on the plains. The man parried the blow, but then was surprised by Davrael spinning and then bringing his right-hand knife into play. After a few more parries and attempts to get past Davrael’s guard, he took off into the trees. He had been unnerved by not only Davrael’s skill and the fact that he had never before faced an opponent wielding two weapons, but also by the frightening aspect of the Horselord with the hawk tattoo on his face. Davrael returned to a frightened Kimi.
‘Are you all right?’ she asked him, probing him with her eyes for any blood. ‘Do you think there are any more of them?’
‘Yes, Little Mouse,’ replied Davrael, ‘I’m fine. I think the man was just an opportunist who saw what he thought were two helpless travellers and thought he would try his hand at robbery. Maybe he wanted Moonbeam. She is after all a Horselord horse.’
‘Maybe,’ replied his wife, ‘But I think we should be moving on, just in case he comes back with friends. You know how these Grosmerians covet our horses.’
The pair set off again. After a while, Davrael spoke again to Kimi, who was once again riding.
‘I’ve been thinking, my love,’ he said, ‘That you should learn to fight. There are only we two, and we are vulnerable. If there had been more than one man back there, we would now probably have no horse at the very least, and maybe we would be dead.’
‘I can use my bow, Davrael,’ replied Kimi. ‘I often had contests with my brothers, and also went hunting with them.’
‘Yes, that I know, Mouse,’ replied the other, ‘but sometimes a bow is not enough. Sometimes an enemy can get in close before you can damage or kill him. Then what?’
So they decided that each evening, Kimi would learn to fight using a pair of long knives like those Davrael wielded so efficiently. The Horselords did not use swords as did most of the folk of the northern part of the continent of Khalram, preferring to either attack with short bows from horseback, controlling their galloping mounts with their knees. If they were on the ground, they used two knives, longer than daggers, but considerably shorter than short swords.
That evening, Davrael began Kimi’s lessons. He told her to find a stick about the same length as one of the knives, and he did the same. He began to teach her the rudiments of defence with one knife, using a stick in lieu of a wooden practice knife. At first, he managed to ‘kill’ her every time. At the end of their first practice, which he only allowed to go on for about a half-hour, she felt her bruises where Davrael’s stick had got past her somewhat imperfect defence. She complained to him, and thanked the gods that he had not decided to use real knives or she would really have been dead, several times over.
‘Young boys begin their training at six years old,’ Davrael told her. ‘You are eleven years past that age. They would all be expert knife fighters by the time they are seventeen. You must forget how old you are, how good your brothers were at your age. Remember, you are as a six-year-old in this.’
She smiled at this thought, but it did bring her a little comfort. She had, in fact, been thinking that she was nowhere near as good as her brothers, but, as Davrael had pointed out, she was remembering them practising in their teens, not as small boys. Both her brothers were older than she was, four and eight hers her senior, and had always seemed so grown up to her. She could not remember them being as inept as she seemed to be with the knives.
‘You did very well, for a first attempt, Kimi,’ Davrael told her, and he pulled her to him and kissed her soundly. ‘We will practice every evening. Next time it will be for an hour.’
Kimi groaned at the thought of all those extra bruises.
‘You’ll just have to stop me getting through then, won’t you, my love?’ laughed Davrael as he pulled her towards him once more.
Each evening, when they stopped, they practiced with their sticks. Soon Davrael was hardly able to touch Kimi, and he began to teach her to attack as well as defend. He was very proud of the way she had taken to the skill. She was learning much faster than he had hoped, or even considered she could learn. She was a natural, as he told her one night, after they had made love under the light of both Lyndor and Ullin. He hoped that she would be able to handle a real knife by the time they reached Hambara. He would buy her one there, he determined. She would like that.
And so the pair continued on their way towards the second biggest city in Grosmer, unsure of why, or what they were going to do once there, but both as happy as they had ever been.
CHAPTER 16

QUEST

Carthinal had been celebrating with the other newly appointed mages after the presentations and the celebratory feast, and drinking a farewell to Laurre. They found they missed the lanky apprentice, although they had only known him for a few days.

‘He would want us to have a drink for him, I’m sure,’ commented Grimmaldo. ‘To you, Laurre, wherever you are now.’ He raised his glass. The others did the same.
They were all still feeling rather tired after the practical tests, and so they bid one another farewell by mid afternoon and Carthinal returned to the Inn.
As he began to climb the steps of the inn, a figure detached itself from the crowds and grabbed his arm. ‘Carthinal! At last! Where’ve you been? It were a woman, weren’t it? I hope she were worth it, ’cos I’ve been waitin’ ’ere all night and all day for you.’
‘Yes, she…’ Carthinal began, then checked himself, annoyed at being caught off his guard. He looked down at the figure holding the sleeve of his robe.
It was Thad, grinning all over his face. ‘I knew it! Don’t worry, I’ll not tell anyone, especially that elf cleric you had with you when I robbed you,’ he said with a knowing look at Carthinal. ‘But, hey, it’s best you’ve forgotten her as she’s now out of bounds.’
‘What do you mean?’ asked the mage.
‘She’s gone an’ joined the bloody Daughters of Sylissa, ain’t she? They’re an enclosed order and only meet the public in the infirmary,’ Thad responded. ‘They’re not allowed speech even to each other except only those times they are healing. Didn’t you know?’
Carthinal thought for a moment. This did not seem like Asphodel. He could not imagine her in such an order.
‘How can you possibly know that?’ he retorted.
‘There’s this man, an assassin, see. (I can’t tell you his name for professional reasons. Right?) Anyway, he was bleedin’ stupid enough to get injured rather badly, a botched job I think, and ’e went to th’ infirmary for some ’ealin’ yesterday. Well, it seems that a young curate called Asphodel ’ealed him partially, but against orders. Br… th’ assassin I mean, thinks she may be in trouble over it.’
‘I hope not,’ worried Carthinal. ‘Anyway, I’m sure you didn’t just come here to gossip.’
‘No. Got your damn horse statue thingy, ain’t I,’ replied Thad, handing it over. ‘Told you I’d get it back.’
‘I hope you didn’t have to do anything drastic to get it,’ said Carthinal.
‘No. Just more promises to my fence, that’s all.’
Carthinal sighed. He was sure Thad could manage the man who “liked boys”, streetwise as he was, having been brought up in the Warren and survived to reach his mid-teens, but he could not help being a little anxious for him all the same. He thanked the young thief and turned to go into the inn.
As he was ascending the first stair, Thad called after him, ‘A pity you passed your tests, you know.’
Carthinal stopped, and turned, a puzzled look on his face.
‘That colour, scarlet don’t you call it? It looks bloody awful wi’ your,’air. You’d best hurry up and get past the probation so’s you can change it!’ With that, the boy melted into the crowds and was gone.
Carthinal hefted the figurine in his hand as he continued into the inn. He examined it and there was no doubt in his mind that this was indeed the one that Danu had given to Mabryl  as surety of his validity. It seemed like months since that had happened. So much had passed in a few short weeks. He sighed, opened the door and entered. He was immediately rushed by a delighted dwarf, and nearly knocked off his feet.
‘Whoa there, Basalt,’ he exclaimed, ‘Don’t kill me please.’
Basalt then launched into a tirade of abuse at Carthinal for staying out without telling him.
‘Hang on, Bas,’ Carthinal said when the dwarf paused for a breath. ‘It was something that came up on the spur of the moment. I’m sorry if you were anxious, but you and Fero seem to be able to have a good time on your own. Where is he anyway? I thought he’d still be here.’ Carthinal looked round the room.
‘That’s just it. He never came, although he said he would,’ Basalt replied, sinking into his seat again. ‘Carthinal, I’m worried. I know we’ve not known Fero long, but I didn’t have him down as someone who would break a promise.’
‘No, nor did I,’ frowned Carthinal, sitting down by the flustered dwarf. ‘In that case, I’m sorry that you had to worry about me as well.’
‘Well, you know the rumours about those practical tests; that they can sometimes injure or kill. I was thinking the worst about both of you,’ grumbled Basalt.
Carthinal remembered Laurre again. ‘Yes. The rumours are true. One of our number never made it.’ He rubbed his hand over his face. ‘He was a good man too.’
‘Well, you did,’ responded the dwarf brightening somewhat. ‘Although the colour of those scarlet robes clashes somewhat with your hair! Better hurry ups and get through your probation so you can get out of them!’
Carthinal glared at him, but said nothing. He was proud of his new robes even if they did not go with his auburn hair, and so far, all he had had was comments about dress-sense.
Carthinal told Basalt about his test, (but not about his night) and showed him the figurine. The other took it and looked at it carefully with the practised eye of one who knows jewellery.
‘Yes, I’d say it’s the genuine thing. A bit late now to take it to the Duke, but I suggest we go first thing tomorrow and then begin asking around about Fero.’
Carthinal agreed and Basalt then told him about his doings and the mysterious way that his new employer, Nitormon, had been removed without any explanation. He was in the middle of this tale when the door opened and a figure in a white cloak with the hood over its head, appeared in the doorway.
Carthinal recognised the figure immediately.
‘Asphodel!’ he exclaimed, moving a chair to their table so that she could sit down with them.
She came into the room, but made no move to remove her cloak, keeping the hood firmly in place.
Sitting down in the chair, which Carthinal had drawn up, she said, ‘I’ve come to tell you that I’m leaving Hambara tomorrow morning. I’m going on the road as a wandering cleric.’
‘Then you didn’t join the Daughters of Sylissa!’ exclaimed Carthinal surprising himself at the relief he felt at that. ‘I was told this morning that you had joined their ranks.’
‘No. They tried to make me, so I decided to leave instead. I told them what they could do with their “Daughters”.’ That was all Asphodel told them of her ordeal at the temple. ‘I thought I owed it to you to tell you what I was doing.’
‘As it happens, I’m at a loose end myself,’ continued Carthinal. ‘With Mabryl dead and his other apprentices coming to the tower to be apprenticed with a new master there, I have little to keep me here, or anywhere come to that. I may leave and come with you. If you have no objections that is.’
Asphodel looked relieved at this, and said that she would be pleased for his company. Bas also said he would like to leave the town since there seemed to be no work for him there since his employer seemed to have disappeared and so the three of them decided to leave after seeing the Duke the following morning. They all hoped to find Fero on their travels. Basalt and Carthinal told of what had happened to them in the few days that had passed since Asphodel left them, and then Asphodel called to Keloriff to see if there was any chance that her room was still available.
‘I’m sorry, Sister, but we let it to a young couple just this morning. Horselords if I am not mistaken, from beyond the Western Mountains,’ replied the innkeeper. ‘However, we have a single room up in the attic. It’s not usually let out to guests, as it is not quite up to the standards that we have set ourselves, but you are welcome to have it if you wish. There would be a considerable reduction in our usual prices, of course,’ he added. ‘If you don’t wish to take up the offer, however, I can recommend you try at the Jolly Gnome in Bull Street. Their accommodation is not as good as ours is, but it’s clean and friendly. Alternatively, there’s the Blue Boar, a very high-class place near the Palace, but with prices to match. I would not recommend many of the other inns in the town to a member of the clergy though.’
‘No, the attic will be fine for tonight. We’re planning to leave tomorrow,’ replied Asphodel.
‘Are you not going to stay for the Equinox celebrations then?’ queried Keloriff. ‘They’re really something here in Hambara. This square is quite spectacular, and I hear there’s a specialist coming to show us some new thing he calls “fireworks”. They are lights and fire in the sky, so I believe. It sounds like magic to me, but I’m assured it’s not.’
On being told that it was unlikely they would be there for that spectacular event, Keloriff went away to get his wife to prepare the attic room.
Asphodel was still wearing her cloak and hood, and Basalt asked her why she had not removed it in the warmth of the inn. She told the pair of the cutting of her long black hair, and that she did not want anyone to see her as she felt she looked ugly.
‘Come on now, lass,’ soothed Bas. ‘We’re your friends. We would never think you looked ugly. In fact, I don’t think there is a mortal alive on Vimar who could find it in themselves to proclaim you to be ugly, even if you were bald.’
With much more coaxing, Asphodel finally removed her cloak. She certainly looked different. Carthinal privately mourned the loss of her beautiful hair, but to his eyes she was still a beautiful and delicate elf, and he told her as much.
‘Thank you for saying that, Carthinal,’ replied the elf. ‘It’s kind of you, but I don’t feel beautiful, and probably won’t until my hair grows again.’
She then looked at him with a half smile on her face. ‘By the way, I never congratulated you on your success in your tests. I see from your robes that you managed to pass. However, the colour doesn’t suit you, you know so you’d better hurry up and get through your probation.’
Carthinal sighed at this third comment on the colour of his robes, but refrained from saying anything.
Soon after, the three decided to go to bed Asphodel after a nice, long soak in the bath.
‘To the Ninth Hell with eschewing luxury,’ thought Asphodel as she soaked in the warm water. ‘If this is a sin, then I am guilty as charged.’
The next morning, just as the trio were finishing their breakfast in preparation to visiting the Duke, a boy came rushing into the Inn. He looked round until he saw them and then, slowing his pace, walked around the tables to the group. They recognised him as Jondo, the old gatekeeper’s grandson from the Palace. The boy stopped and looked at Carthinal, breathing deeply as thought he had been running. (Which indeed he had.)
‘Ye be the mage, Carthinal?’ he panted.
When Carthinal replied in the affirmative, he handed him a letter, sealed with the Duke’s seal. He then walked out of the inn, and they could see him running through the crowd after he left, jinking this way and that to avoid collisions.
Carthinal opened the letter, and read the neat handwriting within:

‘To Carthinal and Company
Please come to the Palace as soon as possible this morning. I have something to discuss with you. It relates to the letter that you brought to me the other day. I have now come to a decision and want to put a proposition to you.
Rollo. Duke of Hambara’

‘Well, what do you think of that!’ exclaimed Basalt. ‘Just a little longer and we’d be there anyway. Wonder what it’s all about?’
‘Well, we won’t find out by lingering here over our breakfast, Bas,’ replied Carthinal, drinking the last of his coffee and standing up.
Since the three had finished eating, they decided to go immediately to see the Duke. As they left the inn, Asphodel once more donned her cloak. It happened to have started to rain and so it did not seem at all unusual for her to have her hood up. The other two also donned cloaks and they walked through the town, heads down against the rain, trying to avoid the inevitable muddy puddles, and saying very little.
Their reception at the gate was very different this time. The gatekeeper and his grandson welcomed them almost like old friends, and it was with a seeming reluctance that the old warrior asked for them to leave any weapons at the gatehouse. Basalt was still reluctant to do so, but complied with few grumbles. Carthinal handed over his dagger, but Asphodel had no weapons.
The walk through the park was not as pleasant this time, owing both to the rain and their continuing anxiety about Fero’s whereabouts. When they got to the inner gates, they were open as well, and the three were waved through. They hurried through the formal gardens and past the fountain with its wonderful golden fish with barely a glance, and through the door that was being held open for them by the elf, Daramissillo.
Daramissillo took their cloaks, and if he noticed Asphodel’s hair, he was too well bred for it to show on his face. He took them to the study and showed them in, saying that they were to make themselves comfortable until the Duke could be with them. He would only be a few minutes.
The three sat down by the fire and got warm and dry. They had waited for about fifteen minutes when the Duke finally arrived, apologising for keeping them waiting. After shaking the hands of each of them in turn, he sat down beside them.
‘Firstly, may I apologise for bringing you out in this weather and also, to you, Basalt, for hindering your job-hunting. However, I wanted to ensure that you were free of any commitments if I needed you.’
‘You were behind all that difficulty?’ Basalt was amazed.
The Duke smiled ruefully at the dwarf and said, ‘Yes, I’m afraid so. I think, also that you, Asphodel, were subject to some—how shall I put it—inconvenience? I hope to explain myself shortly.’
He then stood and went to the door of the study. He opened it, and beckoned. Through the door came a tall man in black, dirty and unkempt, with his hair hanging down in untidy locks. A guard gave him a push into the room, at which action, Duke Rollo reprimanded him. The man had his head bowed so his hair was obscuring his face, but even so, the three companions recognised Fero.
‘You may go,’ the Duke commanded to the guard.
‘But, my Lord, suppose the prisoner decides to attack you?’ The guard was reluctant to leave.
The Duke spoke in a voice, which although quiet, brooked no argument. ‘I told you to leave. Do not cause me to have you disciplined.’
The man left and the Duke led Fero to the remaining chair. ‘I must also offer my most sincere and humble apologies to you, Fero. You have been most badly treated.’
Fero looked up at this, but his black eyes seemed dull and lifeless.
‘It is true that I gave orders that you, none of you, were to leave the city as I thought I may need you,’ went on Duke Rollo, ‘But someone went too far here. It was never my intention that you be treated so badly. The lieutenant concerned has been punished; demoted to the ranks. I was always a little concerned about him anyway. A bit too enthusiastic in his duties, if you know what I mean.’
Asphodel had gone over to Fero during this speech. She laid a gentle hand on his arm tentatively as though expecting a rebuff.
Fero, however smiled slightly at her through his hair and said in a quiet voice, ‘I’ll be all right now, Asphodel. Now that I’m out of that place.’
Asphodel looked up from Fero as the Duke had begun speaking again.
‘I want you all to listen carefully to what I have to say. Firstly, I’ve concluded that you are what you told me, just a group of people travelling to Hambara, who met on the road. Quite why I believe that I don’t know. There seem to be blanks around you all and I’ve been unable to find out much about any of you.’
‘The figurine!’ Carthinal had forgotten all about it. ‘You said you wanted the figurine. I’ve managed to get it back.’ He fumbled in his pockets. ‘Here it is,’ and he passed it to the Duke who went over to the window and examined it carefully.
‘Yes. This is my old friend Danu’s horse figurine all right. I have it's twin right here on my desk. How did you manage to get it back? No matter, there is business to discuss.’
The Duke came back to his seat and sat down. ‘Danu’s letter held some disquieting information. At the moment I don’t want to disclose everything that it said. It’s not certain as yet, but if Danu’s suspicions are correct, we are all in grave danger. His words were, “Danger lurks on all sides if my suspicions are true.” I believe that his suspicions are true. This is where you come in. If, and as I said, I believe him, if Danu is correct, I want you to take on a quest for me. I want you to find Sauvern’s Sword.’
With those words, the Duke sat back in his chair and, steepling his fingers, looked from face to face of those before him to gauge their reactions.
Carthinal sat in stunned silence, staring at the Duke as if he had just asked them to fly up to Heaven and speak with the gods themselves. Then Basalt broke the silence.
‘Begging your pardon, Your Grace, but what is this Sword, and who is Sauvern?’
‘Of course, you are not from Grosmer, and neither are Asphodel and Fero, so I’d better explain. Please bear with me, Carthinal.’
Carthinal nodded.
‘Once, Grosmer did not exist. There were six separate kingdoms, roughly corresponding to the six dukedoms of the present day. These kingdoms were constantly warring with each other, so when the raiders came from across the ocean, and sailed up the Three Seas to get slaves and plunder the kingdoms were easy pickings for them.
‘This happened numerous times over the centuries until Sauvern came along. Sauvern was the king of what eventually became Hambara, my own dukedom. His origins are somewhat mysterious. Some said he was the trueborn son of the king, hidden to prevent some mysterious prophecy from coming true. Others said that he was a bastard son of the king, raised by a peasant woman, and yet others claim he was a bastard of the queen. Whatever the truth, he eventually came to the throne and it is said, ruled wisely and well.
‘One day an old woman came to the palace begging. Sauvern called her in and feasted her at his own table. After the meal, she threw off her cloak and revealed herself to be a beautiful elven priestess. She took a magnificent sword from her side and presented it to Sauvern.
‘“This Sword is called Equilibrium,” she said. “And it will protect the Balance in the lands and help you against the evils that come from over the sea.”
‘With that, she withdrew leaving all gasping at the beauty of the Sword.
‘Then the raiders came again. Sauvern saw them decimate Bluehaven and Sendolina and begin their march up towards Hambara. He realised that Hambara could not stand alone, and so he made alliances with all the other kings and together they drove the raiders back to their lands over the sea. Then the kings realised that it was much more sensible to co-operate than to fight and they elected Sauvern as High King. He built Asperilla as his capital rather than rule from one of the kingdoms. Of course, as you realise by now, that this eventually led to the old kings becoming dukes, and Grosmer becoming one kingdom. As to the Sword—well, it is said that it was buried with Sauvern, but the whereabouts of his tomb is lost, if it were ever known, but legends say that it will be found again when the land of Grosmer is in dire need. The letter you brought from my old friend Danu of Bluehaven suggests that that time is now.’
Fero spoke up. ‘So you expect us to search for a sword that may or may not exist?’
‘Yes,’ replied the other. ‘As to its existence, that much is true. The Sword existed all right. Danu agrees with me on this. I have no real proof, but just call it intuition if you wish. Don’t make a decision right away. You must have the chance to discuss it. If you agree to go on this quest, I suggest that you begin by doing some research in Hambara. You have, between you, access to a number of sources that any one individual can’t see. Even the Duke! You, Carthinal, can look in the libraries of the Mage Tower. You, Asphodel, have access to the libraries of the temples, and I give you the run of my library here in the Palace. It’s quite extensive, you know. Some of my ancestors were avid readers it seems, and no one here has ever catalogued all the books and scrolls, so we don’t know exactly what we have; though my daughter likes spending time in the library.’
Here he smiled. ‘It’s nearing lunchtime, so I’ll allow you to discuss the matter in private. Through the door there,’ he indicated a door next to the fireplace, ‘you’ll find a small room. I use it to sleep in sometimes when I’m busy late into the night. Daramissillo will bring you some food. Please don’t hurry with your decision. This evening will do. I’ll be in here when you want to speak to me, and you can go out through the doors onto the terrace and walk in the grounds if you wish, although in this weather I prefer to remain indoors. By the way, if you agree to go on the quest, I will pay all your expenses here in Hambara, and any treasure you may find, except the Sword, that is, you may keep.’
He opened a door at the far side of the fireplace and the four of them entered the room.
Asphodel sat down in a chair next to a fire that had been lit in the room’s fireplace. She reached over and put another log on the blaze. The rain had made the day feel cooler than many they had had recently, and the warmth of the fire was welcome. Carthinal perched on the narrow bed, which was along one wall, while Basalt sat down in another chair. Fero strode over to the fireplace and leaned on the mantelpiece.
‘Is this some elaborate practical joke?’ he growled. ‘First I’m put in prison for something I didn’t do, then I’m asked to go on some, what do you call it in Grosmerian? Wild wyvern chase? Is that right?’
‘I think that Duke Rollo is serious about this,’ replied Asphodel. ‘Very serious. So serious that he was prepared to prevent you from getting work and leaving the city. That has to be a massive job to tell everyone not to employ us.’
‘He didn’t! He missed Nitormon,’ grinned Basalt, pleased that the Duke’s men had failed in something. ‘I hope he’s all right now. I must ask the Duke later.’
‘I agree that he’s serious about it,’ responded Carthinal, ‘but we are to decide if we are to join in with him and his impossible ideas.’
The discussion continued until the door opened and, true to his word, the Duke had sent Daramissillo with lunch. There was a steaming tureen of soup and fresh rolls, with pastries and fruit to complete the meal. A pot of tea was also included. The companions stopped discussing their options while partaking of this meal.
After they had eaten, a little, mousy girl who looked frightened to death of the strangers cleared the meal away. Fero then stood up and told them that he could no longer remain cooped up and he was going to go for a walk in the grounds, rain or no rain. He crossed the room to the doors onto the terrace, and as he opened them, the rain seemed to cease. The smell of freshly washed vegetation came through the window, and they could all here the drip, drip of water dripping from the eaves and branches of trees. Suddenly, they all had a desire to walk in the gardens and feel some grass beneath their feet. Picking up their cloaks, they all, with one accord, passed through the doors onto the terrace just as the sun’s rays found a way through the banks of cloud overhead.
Later that day, after much further discussion, they had formulated a plan to lay before the Duke, and so they re-entered his office.
‘You have decided then?’ the Duke asked them, getting up from his desk and indicating they once more take seats near the fire. ‘I hope you decided in my favour.’
‘Not exactly,’ replied Carthinal. ‘But we haven’t rejected your offer though. In fact, we have a proposition to make to you,’
The Duke raised his eyebrows questioningly.
Carthinal resumed speaking. ‘We suggest that we postpone agreeing to this quest immediately.’ He raised his hand, as the Duke was about to protest the urgency of the pursuit, and continued, ‘What we suggest is that we spend time in research, trying to find something out about this mythical Sword. If we find the whereabouts, or sufficient clues as to where the thing is, we will reconsider going on this quest of yours. We will, however, gratefully accept your offer to pay our expenses while we are searching as we are running short of cash.’
The Duke thought deeply for a few minutes and then said, ‘I suppose that’s fair. I shouldn’t have expected you to commit yourselves to such an open-ended task. However, I’ll give you a note to show at your inn and any shops that you use to further your research. Oh, and Basalt,’ he went on. ‘Your former, brief employer has been recompensed for his inconvenience. I have given him new premises in a much more accessible area, and he has my permission to use my personal recommendation. He has my arms to hang above his shop. He is a remarkable craftsman. Should go far.’
‘Thank you, sir,’ replied the dwarf, relieved. ‘I was worried about him.’
Having given the quartet the promissory note, the Duke bid them farewell, after assuring them that the library at the Palace would be available to them at any time. Daramissillo led them to the door, and bowed his own farewell and they walked slowly back to the Golden Dragon, wondering how they had managed to get themselves into such an impossible seeming task.
CHAPTER 17

RESEARCH

The four of them had returned to the inn the previous evening and gone to the room which Carthinal, Basalt and Fero were sharing. Asphodel sat down on Fero’s bed, which was nearest to the door and sighed. She had been wondering all the way back from the Palace why they had agreed to this and she had said as much. Fero said moodily that as he could not read, he would be of little help in the research so did not deserve the payment of his expenses. It had been up to Carthinal to reassure him that both he and Basalt would be helpful in interpreting anything they found. Their brains were of use he had told them, even if they had to have things read to them.
The next morning found them approaching the gates of the Palace once more. They had agreed that Asphodel would go to the temple of Zol with Fero to help her, since she was reluctant to approach Sylissa’s temple after her precipitous exit only a few days before. Anyway, Zol was the god of learning and knowledge so it seemed reasonable to go to his temple first. Bas and Carthinal would begin their search in the library at the Palace. Their ways parted at the gates of the Duke’s residence and Carthinal and Bas, after leaving their weapons at the gatehouse as usual, and with Bas’s usual grumbling about it, walked through the park and gardens to the house.
Here they were let in and Darmissillo, after bowing to them, led them to a door on the opposite side of the hall from the Duke’s study.
‘The Library, sir,’ he said, bowing as he opened the door.
They entered a large room, which seemed to run the length of the eastern side of the Palace. It was panelled in dark oak on one side, but to keep it from appearing too dark, the other side was almost entirely of glazed windows. Carthinal could not even begin to think how much the glass would have cost. The Duke of Hambara was obviously a very rich man, or rather his ancestors who had had the library glazed must have been. The room stretched away to their left, and from the ceiling depended crystal chandeliers. They had candles in them ready to be lit if needed, but as it was morning, and the room faced east, there was no necessity as plenty of light was pouring in through the windows. But this was not what caught Carthinal’s attention, marvellous as it was. It was the bookshelves, all full of books and scrolls. He had never in his life seen so many books and all in one place. The shelves ran along the long side of the room opposite the windows and were from floor to ceiling, broken only by the two doors that led to the great hall of the palace, and one which led to the central quadrangle and its garden. Occasionally there were other freestanding bookshelves arranged at right angles to the wall and windows. Now their task seemed even more daunting than ever.
‘Look at those chandeliers,’ whispered Basalt. ‘They must be a magnificent sight when the candles are lit, with the glass refracting the light.’
Just at that moment, two figures appeared through the door nearer the far end of the library. One of them they recognised as Duke Rollo. The other was the most beautiful girl either of them had ever seen, She was tall and slender with silvery blond hair and Carthinal estimated that she was about eighteen years old.
The Duke approached them and said, ‘This is my daughter, Randa. I’ve told her to help you to find what you require or you’ll be here for ever, and we haven’t got for ever I’m afraid. Randa has spent a lot of time in the library and is the most likely person to be able to find anything you need. Randa, this is Carthinal and Basalt.’
Carthinal bowed slightly to the young woman, and nudged Basalt hard to remind him to do the same.
‘Pleased to meet you, my Lady,’ he said.
Lady Randa sniffed. ‘At least you have some manners, for a half-elf,’ she replied rather imperiously.
‘Father, do I really have to work with common riffraff and a dwarf and half-elf at that? Not even human!’
‘Now Randa,’ replied the Duke. ‘You know how important this is. Carthinal and Basalt will not be able to find what they are looking for until the next time both moons are dark without some help from someone who knows the way things work in this library. Please do this one small thing to help. For me?’
It was obvious that Lady Randa was not used to the Duke imposing his will on her, and she sniffed again, but, turning to Carthinal, she said, ‘Well, half-elf, if I must do this unpleasant task and work alongside you and the dwarf, we’d better get started. I have fencing practice just after the seventh hour of the day, so we’d better begin immediately as it is already…’ here she glanced at an hourglass on one of the tables. ‘Half an hour past the third hour. I will leave you so I can eat with my father at half an hour after the sixth hour, so that leaves us with only three hours. I cannot be with you after the noon meal as I have fencing practice.’
‘Randa, can’t you miss your fencing for a couple of days?’ pleaded the Duke.
‘Father! I will get rusty if I don’t practice. I must also exercise Storm. You know how he gets if he doesn’t get a gallop each day, and no one else seems to be able to control him.’
With that, Lady Randa walked away from the Duke, beckoning Carthinal and Basalt to follow. The Duke held his hands out as though to say ‘What can I do with her?’ Then he turned and left the library.
‘Are you coming, half-elf?’ called the girl from half way down the library. She was beautiful and graceful in her movements. Carthinal was reminded of the portrait in the Duke’s study. Of course, that was her mother who, according to the guard at the gate, died in childbirth. Her mother’s hair in the portrait had been black, so Carthinal presumed that she had inherited her blonde hair from her father. 
‘A pity she’s not inherited his character as well,’ he thought.
‘She’s going to help us?’ queried Bas in a whisper. ‘She looks as though she’d rather run us through with her fencing sword.’
‘She does seem to be rather a spoiled brat doesn’t she?’ whispered Carthinal back. ‘Still, we’ve only got to put up with her for a short while. As soon as this research is over, we can leave her to her father. And good luck to him. Come on. We’d better follow her.’
The three hours in the library with Lady Randa were not quite as bad as Carthinal and Basalt had thought they would be. True, Lady Randa insisted on calling them “half-elf” and “dwarf”, and not by their names, until Carthinal decided that he had had enough and said, 
‘We have names, my Lady, and we would both prefer that you use them. I am Carthinal and my friend is called Basalt. Please remember that.’
Lady Randa looked at him askance at being spoken to in what was far from a deferential manner, but she said nothing and afterwards called them by their names as requested. She was rather scathing about the fact that Bas did not read though, but she was a great help all the same. She located the scrolls and books on Sauvern and helped to read them and to make notes in her beautiful and elegant handwriting.
During that day, the main thing that they found out was that little was certain about the life and death of Sauvern, except that he had somehow united the warring cities under his rule, and the united provinces had then gone on to repulse invaders from across the sea. Most of these tales had the invaders coming from the east. They also discovered that his body disappeared just after his death. All the tales were clear on that. There were various tales of the enchanted Sword but nothing was clear as to its ultimate fate. Several accounts, however, hinted that there were clues to be found as to its whereabouts. All this they gleaned by much cross-referencing and deduction. True to her word, Lady Randa left the pair in time for lunch and did not return. Daramissillo brought a tray of lunch for the pair in the library, and after that, they worked on alone. Carthinal managed to teach Basalt the letters that made up the name of “Sauvern”, and “Sword”, which meant that he could help a little with the search. By the end of the day, they were both feeling tired and left to return to the inn.

The other two were already there when Basalt and Carthinal entered the inn’s common room. They greeted the newcomers and told them they had ordered dinner for them all. Fero seemed to be coming out of his depression now that he was free, but Asphodel thought privately that he would not be himself until they were out of the city completely.
They exchanged the information that they had found. There were again conflicting stories about Sauvern and the Sword. However, it was said to be called “Equilibrium” in all the tales that Fero and Asphodel had found, and to have powerful magic.
One thing that Asphodel and Fero had found was a poem, seeming to refer to Sauvern’s tomb and the Sword. They showed the copy they had made to Carthinal who read it aloud.

‘“Deep in the forest lies the tomb
Protected from all evil.
Sauvern lies as in the womb,
Safe from man or devil.

“His Sword is resting by his side
Awaiting call to action.
When danger lurks on every side
You need the Sword’s reaction.

“But first, 6? 8? questers bold must go
To Sauvern’s tomb, surrounded
By Guardians strong, no fear must show
Or from there they will be hounded.”

‘Asphodel, you have two numbers with question marks in the last verse. Why?’
Asphodel replied that the scroll, which was very old, was unclear in places. They had managed to piece together the rest, but could not distinguish the numbers very well. Context was no help here. They felt that they had made some progress with the discovery of the poem though. Maybe this was the time for the Sword to be rediscovered and the clues were beginning to come to light. After all, was it just coincidence that the words used by Duke Danu of Bluehaven were almost exactly the same as a line in the poem? Duke Danu had told Rollo that ‘Danger lurks all around’. Nevertheless, whatever the truth, they were still a long way from finding the tomb. In a forest-somewhere in the world, although most probably on the continent of Khalram, the continent on which Grosmer resided. Much was still to be done, so they retired to bed to continue the following day.
The next day, Carthinal and Basalt returned to the Palace to try to find anything about the whereabouts of the tomb. Lady Randa arrived again, saying that she had risen early in order to exercise her stallion, Storm, and she did not have any weapons practice that day. She should have gone to practice her music, but her music master was ill and so they had all day. Her expression said that she was glad of this excuse to get away from her music, even if it was to spend the day with “riffraff”. Truth to tell, she was becoming interested in the work. She had never taken much interest in history before, and was surprised to find it interesting. Carthinal and Bas exchanged a glance at this dire prospect, but both wisely refrained from making comment.
Lady Randa was in no way any easier, however. She did most of the time remember to call them by their names, but made it abundantly clear that she considered herself above them in all ways and that she was only there because of her father’s request.
Shortly after lunch, just after Lady Randa had returned from lunching with her father as usual, Carthinal was searching for a specific scroll when he noticed an unusual crack around that particular bookshelf. He called Lady Randa over and asked her if she knew of any secret passages in the house.
‘There are tales and rumours of course,’ she replied, ‘as there always are in old houses and this house is very old. It has been rebuilt, modernised and extended many times over the years. Why do you ask?’
‘Because,’ responded Carthinal, ‘unless I am very much mistaken, there is a hidden door here which may lead to a secret room.’
‘This is part of the old house,’ Lady Randa told him, ‘but I hardly think that a secret passage would have gone unnoticed by my father, or myself—or my grandfather come to think of it. Why would a half-elf find something in a few minutes that the family hasn’t found in generations?’
‘Elvenkind have very good eyes, and we are good at spotting such things,’ retorted Carthinal, keeping his temper with difficulty.
Basalt spotted the warning tone in Carthinal’s voice and glared at him. It would not do for him to lose his temper and anger the daughter of the second most powerful man in all of Grosmer. However, Carthinal managed to hold onto his temper and suggested that he try to open the disputed door.
‘If it will satisfy you,’ replied Lady Randa imperiously, and turned away.
She was startled to hear, a few moments later, a grinding and rumbling. When she turned back to see what was going on, she was surprised to find that where there had been a bookcase, there was now hole with steps leading downwards.
The three stood looking at each other in amazement. Carthinal had been sure that he was right and that a door was hidden in the bookcase, but not that it would open so easily, nor that it would reveal a secret passage. He had thought at the most that it would reveal a hidden room.
The stairs looked dark and cobwebby. Carthinal shuddered to think of the spiders running around. They had had generations to breed down there. However, he was not about to show his feelings of revulsion to Lady Randa.
Instead, he said, ‘Lady Randa, do you think it pertinent to explore this passage at this point. We are not sure that it will aid us in our quest.’
He was secretly hoping not to have to go down the stairs with their cobwebs and spiders, and that she would say that others could explore. However, he was to be disappointed. Lady Randa decided that since they were the ones who had found the passage, they should be the ones to explore it.
‘Why give the pleasure of discovering something new to people who did not find the passage?’ she said.
Carthinal had to admire her guts. She reached for a torch on one of the walls and lit it, then made her way to the entrance.
‘My Lady,’ murmured Bas, ‘we don’t know what’s down there. Maybe we shouldn’t go down without some weapons.’
‘Are you afraid, Dwarf?’ retorted her ladyship. ‘If you are, then stay here. I’m going down.’ She started to move towards the open door.
‘Basalt is right, Your Ladyship,’ Carthinal backed up his friend. ‘At least get a sword or a dagger.’
‘Hmm… I suppose that makes some sense,’ Lady Randa eventually agreed. ‘You two stay there and I’ll get some weapons. What’s your preferred weapon, Dwa…er... Basalt?’
‘A battle axe, if you have one, your ladyship,’ replied the dwarf.
‘Typical. A rather messy weapon, but I understand the dwarves prefer it to a sword. A sword takes so much more skill to use.’
With that she disappeared through one of the library doors to go in search of weapons. It was just as well that she did, for she would have had Basalt taken to the nearest prison and the key thrown away if she could have heard him cursing at her condescension.
‘A battle-axe takes as much bloody skill in wielding as a bleeding sword,’ he spluttered. ‘Dwarves begin to learn at a very young age to become proficient. To become a master of the weapon takes years. That little minx knows nothing. How old is she? Seventeen? Eighteen?’
Fortunately, Carthinal had managed to calm him down by the time Lady Randa re-appeared with the weapons. She had a rather fine long sword, which she claimed as her own, and a rather less than fine battle axe which she gave to Basalt, for once having the grace to apologise for it.
‘It’s the only one I could find,’ she explained. ‘My father captured it in some war or other, I believe. We don’t have anyone here that uses a battle-axe now. Carthinal, just in case, I’ve brought a dagger. I understand that mages often use one, as they do not have the time to learn more subtle weapons.’
This she handed to the mage, hilt first as was polite. It appeared she did know some of the niceties of life.
‘Diplomacy is not her second name, is it?’ hissed Basalt to Carthinal.
The mage grinned at his friend in reply.
After they were armed, and Bas had hefted his battle axe a few times and proclaimed it ‘Not too bad, considering’, they made their way to the hidden entrance to the staircase. Basalt insisted on going first, much to Lady Randa’s annoyance. She told him that she was trained in weapons and could use the sword, and since it was her father’s house, and she outranked the others in the group, it was up to her to lead the way. Basalt pointed out that was as it may be, but her father would have their heads if anything happened to her, and he was not going to allow her to go first.
Carthinal held his breath, waiting for the explosion from Lady Randa. He was not disappointed.
She rounded on Bas like a whirlwind. ‘You...you...Dwarf!’ She said the word as though it was the worst insult in the world, (which to her it may have been.) ‘You DARE to speak to me like that! Me! The Honourable Lady Randa! I am my father’s only heir, and will inherit this Dukedom. Yet you tell me you will not allow me! How dare you?’
However, she had not met with the stubbornness of the mountain dwarves. Carthinal thought they would remain there for the rest of their lives with the two arguing, and finally with Basalt standing, arms folded in front of the doorway so that no one could pass. Lady Randa tried to push him out of the way at first, but Bas stood his ground. A dwarf standing his ground is very hard to move, even for a grown man, and Lady Randa was no grown man.
Eventually her curiosity over the passageway overcame her anger and she said, rather reluctantly, ‘Go in front if you wish then—and hope that whatever’s down there kills you before I do.’
So the three crept stealthily down the stairs, Basalt in the lead, Lady Randa next, and Carthinal in the rear. Carthinal was grateful for that as most of the cobwebs had been swept away by the others, but he still had to steel himself not to cry out as a stray one swept his face. It would not do for them to think him such a coward as to be afraid of spiders, even if it were the truth. He kept a look out both to the side and behind, trusting to Bas to watch for anything in front, but their descent of the stairs was uneventful, although the stairs were old. There was no sign of anyone having passed that way in many, many years and their feet sent up clouds of dust, which made them sneeze. The stairs were not worn away either, in spite of their age. Another indication that they had not been much used.
To his consternation, Carthinal saw many small glowing creatures with his infra-vision. Spiders he assumed, that had lived and bred there for aeons. He shuddered, then suddenly, after what seemed like a very long descent, they found themselves in a passage leading straight ahead.
He called to Basalt and the dwarf looked round. ‘We seem to have come down a long way. You dwarves are used to being underground. How far down do you think we’ve come?’
Basalt frowned, did some calculations in his head and replied, ‘We’re very deep, Carthinal. Well below the foundations of the present Palace. If you ask me, we are at least two hundred feet down. This looks like old stone. About a thousand years, maybe a bit more, maybe a bit less.’
The three looked around in awe. The stonework was well preserved, and the air was dry. Carthinal was pleased to note there were also no more cobwebs. The walls were well built, and strong. They walked slowly and quietly down the corridor. There were doors on either side, but none of them could manage to open them, no matter how hard they tried. They walked until they came to the end of the corridor, where there was another door in the end wall.
‘Should I try?’ whispered Basalt. (It did not seem right to speak normally in this ancient place.)
‘Go on then.’ said Lady Randa and Carthinal together, and Carthinal added, ‘Although why this one should be any different Majora alone knows.’
He had hardly got the words out of his mouth when he saw that the door was swinging open with a loud creak. Bas had hardly had to try. It had not been either locked or stuck. As they entered the chamber in front of them, each drew a breath of amazement.
The room was decorated with fabulous carvings. Unicorns and satyrs played in woods where dryads peeped shyly from behind their trees. A Centaur was discussing something with a nymph, half in and half out of her pool. Dragons basked in the sunlight and elves and humans were gathering flowers and making garlands to adorn each other. Here was a group of dwarves hard at work digging out minerals from their mines, there were some merfolk sitting on rocks in a cove while the waves broke around them. The surf was so realistically carved that they thought they could actually hear their booming as they crashed to the shore.
The room was circular in shape, and in the centre was a large round table. On the table was a number of books, a quill pen in its stand, rather tattered after all the years that had passed, a knife for sharpening the quill and an ink well, which had dried up. The books were stacked neatly, all except for one, which was set in front of a chair drawn up to the table as though the room’s occupant had been working there and just slipped out for a moment. There was even a piece of paper marking a place.
The three walked slowly around the room, gazing at the superb workmanship of the carvings. Basalt declared that it must have been dwarves who carved the stone, and no one, not even Lady Randa, disputed this statement. Eventually, Carthinal left Lady Randa and Basalt admiring the room, as he was drawn to the books. He picked up one at random. It was a spell book. He carefully opened it, and it crackled with age. It seemed to be the spell book of a powerful mage. There were many very complex spells in it, which Carthinal could not begin to comprehend. He put it down in its place, and picked up another. This one he recognised. These were the simpler spells that he himself had in his own spell book, but the writing was an archaic style and he had some difficulty recognising some of the words. Then he noticed that Bas had gone to the desk, and had picked up the book with the “bookmark” in it.
Basalt thought he would look at the book although he could not read. Maybe he would be able to recognise the word shape that Carthinal had taught him stood for ‘Sauvern’. To his surprise, part way through the text, he thought he recognised the word. He was not certain. These letters were formed in a slightly different way from the way Carthinal had taught him, but it was enough for him to call Carthinal over.
Carthinal looked over Bas’s shoulder, and Lady Randa also came to see what Bas had found.
‘It certainly seems to say “Sauvern”,’ Carthinal confirmed.
‘But the rest?’ queried Lady Randa. ‘What about the rest? It looks like no language I’ve ever seen.’
‘No. You won’t have, and probably won’t again,’ Carthinal told her. ‘If I am not much mistaken, this is an archaic form of Elvish.’
‘Can you read it?’ asked Randa.
‘Unfortunately, no,’ Carthinal replied, ‘but I know someone in the Mage Tower who may, or at least, she may know someone who can translate it for us.’
‘There’s some writing on the paper that was keeping the place too,’ observed Bas. ‘It looks different.’
True enough, the writing was in Grosmerian. Again, it was an old form of Grosmerian, but this was something that Lady Randa had learned during her extensive education as the heir to a Dukedom.
‘It’s a poem,’ she said. ‘Should I read it?’
‘We’d better not ignore anything. Especially in view of the fact that the book seems to mention Sauvern,’ Carthinal said. ‘Go ahead.’
‘It’s called “The Wolf Pack.”’, she went on.

“The wolves will fight ’gainst every foe
The balance to maintain.
Though far and wide the pack must go
All borders they disdain.

“The pack contains the strangest group
One whose pride comes with her,
And one who slips through every loop,
The wilful one, the tracker.

“The leader with his anger held,
The ones who hunt the horse.
The rock that’s strong completes the meld
And makes the pack a force.

“The wolf pack’s members are filled with zest
And all do have their place.
They hunt their foes with ruthlessness
Then vanish without trace.

“In times of danger, all must know
The wolf pack will be there.
They work as one; they keep their vow.
For each other they will care.”

‘Doesn’t seem to make a lot of sense. I think it’s just something the writer of this book used as a book mark.’
‘I think you’re right there, Your Ladyship.’ Basalt always seemed to make his use of the honorific sound like an insult, and Lady Randa bristled. ‘No reference to Sauvern or his Sword.’
Carthinal replaced the “bookmark” in the place in the book where it came from, remarking that they may as well use it for the job the original writer did as it was handy.
He went on to remark that the books were all very old, and moving them may damage them, so, with the Lady’s permission, he would bring his friend to the Palace so she could translate it in situ as it were. Randa agreed, and with that, they left the hidden room, almost having to drag Bas out from his examination of the carvings.
They were surprised to find that it was dark when they came up the stairs to the library. The candles had been lit in the chandeliers and the light bounced around the room, split into colours by the glass, and making rainbows everywhere. The slight draughts moving around the room caused the candles to flicker and the light looked like thousands of fireflies dancing around.
‘This never fails to impress me,’ said Lady Randa, momentarily forgetting to be the Duke’s Daughter. ‘My grandfather had it done. Look at the way the windows reflect the light back into the room. Isn’t it beautiful?’
The others agreed, and reluctantly tore themselves away from the beautiful library to make their way back to the inn and dinner.
They found that Asphodel and Fero had had their own successes. It seemed that in Sauvern’s time, the humans and elves were living all through the lands that are now human, alongside each other. Although in times past, the land had been shared amicably by both groups, by the time of Sauvern, many humans were looking on the elves as inferior beings, and were persecuting them. Some even blamed the elves for the ills that had fallen on the land, including the Raiders. The elves in their turn, thought that humans were inferior, having such short lives and being a later creation of the gods. 
Sauvern was, so the account went, responsible for setting up the elven homelands on the far side of the Mountains of Doom. It appeared that his friend and counsellor was an elf or half-elf and he wanted to end the conflicts between the races. Quite how all this would help them in their search for his burial place, they did not know, but, as Fero pointed out, every piece of information helps to build up a picture of the man and his time, which may be important. With that, they agreed on a plan for the next day. Carthinal was to go to the Tower to seek the help of Yssa, and see if there was any further information there, and Bas would go with Fero and Asphodel. He would not be allowed into the library in the Tower as a non-mage, and Carthinal did not want him to go to the Palace to work with Lady Randa without him being there, knowing the way they rubbed each other up the wrong way. Basalt was quite agreeable, not wanting to be left to work alone with the haughty Lady Randa.
They all set off together the next morning for their respective destinations as they were in the same direction. When they reached the road that Carthinal was to take to the Tower, Fero suggested meeting for lunch at a nearby tavern. However, Carthinal pointed out that he did not know how long the translation would take, or whether Yssa could even do it. He may have to wait until later in the day until someone was available. They all agreed to meet back at the inn that evening.
CHAPTER 18

TRANSLATION

Yssa lay back in the bath in the Tower bathhouse and sighed. She was very tired. She had been up all night again trying to perfect the spell she was working on, but something was not quite right. She needed a good night’s sleep. The spell was one that was reputed to have been known in the distant past, but which had been lost during the time known as “The Forbidding”. Her speciality was researching these lost spells.
Once there had been a dreadful war between two groups of mages for power. Many innocent people had died as well as many mages. The king at the time had vowed that it would never happen again and had banned the practice of magic. The Forbidding had lasted five hundred years and had only been lifted one hundred and fifty years previously, and the mages were still trying to find or re-create the spells of the past.
Magic was still often mistrusted, although things were getting a little better, she mused. Mages were no longer burned, thank goodness, but in the past, this had happened to both mages and their spell books, hence many spells, had been lost. It was part of Yssa’s job to recreate some of these spells, but with only rumours passed down, and probably changed, by word of mouth, it was not an easy task. However, it was a job that she enjoyed, so was not worried at having to sometimes get little sleep.
Just then, there was a knock at the door of the bathhouse and a voice called, ‘Are you there, Yssa? There is someone asking for you in the Great Hall.’
Yssa recognised the voice as that of one of Tharron’s apprentices, a girl by the name of Soocardith.
She sighed and answered the girl. ‘Did this person give a name or say what they want?’
‘No. I-I’m sorry. Should I have asked? He’s a half-elf probationer. Tall, good looking, with auburn hair.’
Yssa needed no more information. ‘Carthinal! I wonder what he wants?’ she whispered to herself, then called out to the girl. ‘I know who it is, Soo. Tell him I was up all night working and must have some sleep. I’ll meet him in the dining hall in four hours time. Oh, and if Tharron doesn’t want you, you might entertain him for that time, please.’
With that, Yssa reluctantly rose from her bath, squeezed the water out of her long golden hair and after drying herself, dressed and returned to her rooms to fall into her bed.
Just before she fell asleep, she thought, ‘It will do him no harm at all to have to wait. I don’t suppose he often has to wait for females to come to him,’ and she smiled.
Carthinal was waiting rather impatiently when Soocardith returned with her message from Yssa. She could tell that the man was not too pleased at having to wait, so she said, rather shyly, ‘Yssa asked me to look after you until she came to meet you.’ She looked up at the half-elf. ‘My name is Soocardith. My friends call me Soo. What’s your name?’ She looked at Carthinal through her lashes, which were incredibly long.
He secretly appraised the girl. She was small and slim with big brown eyes fringed with incredible lashes. Her hair was a dark brown and she wore it shorter than many women, it not being much longer than Carthinal’s own, but he liked the cut and it suited her. Her mouth was eminently kissable and she had a cute little nose with a sprinkling of freckles. It would be pleasant to spend time in her company, and maybe kiss that lovely mouth too. Then Carthinal heard in his mind the voice of Mabryl.
‘Never toy with the affections of a young girl, Carthinal.’
He replied to her question. ‘I’m called Carthinal. Thank you for the offer of your company, but I’m actually here to work, believe it or not. While I’m waiting for Yssa, I’d like to go to the library and do some research.’ He saw disappointment cross her face, and continued, ‘I’m very new to the Tower, having only come here to do my tests in the last group. I’m afraid I don’t know where the library is. I’d be grateful if you’d show me.’
Soo’s face brightened at this and she took Carthinal up the winding stairs, chattering all the way. She expressed fear at the practical test and asked Carthinal about it. Was it true that someone had died in his group? Carthinal told her that yes, indeed someone had died, but if a mage were up to it, there was no real need to fear. All one had to do was keep one’s head. Anyway, the real blame lay with the master of that apprentice. It was obvious that he was not quite ready.
‘I’m sure Tharron would never allow an apprentice to take the test without being absolutely certain they were capable of passing, so I don’t think you have any need to worry.’
He smiled at the girl. She was really quite pretty, and he would have liked to spend some time in her company, but he told the truth when he said he had come to the Tower to work. He could not return to the Golden Dragon and say that, apart from seeing Yssa, he had wasted his time with a young, pretty apprentice.
They went up nearly to the top of the Tower, and eventually entered a long and curving corridor with a high vaulted ceiling. There were a number of bookcases in this corridor, and between these were doors. Soo explained that these all led to the same large room in which both students and their masters worked. They entered through one of the doors and found themselves in a very high and impossibly large room. It must have been a hundred and fifty feet across, and Carthinal, again, felt that it was larger than it should have been. There were, he saw, a great many desks, and these were separated into groups by tall bookcases crammed with books and scrolls. There were a large number of people in the room, of all levels of mage, from apprentices to even the odd magister. The room was silent except for the occasional rustle of a page turning, or a chair scraping as its occupant rose to either get another book, or to return one to its place on the shelves.
To his surprise, there were a few gnomes scuttling around, removing books from unoccupied desks where the occupant had left them before leaving, and replacing them on the correct shelves. He looked at Soo and raised an eyebrow. She quickly interpreted his meaning.
‘Librarians,’ she whispered.
Carthinal nodded. Yes, it made sense to have these people. They were industrious and learned, even if not magical. They were clever inventors and scientists, but did not look down on magic or claim, as did some, that science was the new magic, and that magic would die eventually.
Soo continued in a whisper and got a severe look from a passing gnome. ‘They work here in return for being allowed the use of the books for their own research. I believe they are working on some mathematical model of the flight of an arrow. Don’t know why. If an arrow flies, it does, and if it doesn’t, well, keep practising or get new arrows.’ She shrugged, dismissing the problem. ‘What section did you want?’
‘Ancient History,’ replied Carthinal.
‘Over there, on the third shelf to the left,’ the girl whispered back. ‘I see now why you want to see Yssa. That’s her speciality.’
Soocardith smiled to herself. She had wondered if Carthinal had wanted to see Yssa to make some romantic assignation. Yssa was certainly beautiful with her delicate elven looks and long golden hair, but it seemed he only wanted her for work. Maybe she, Soo, stood some chance with him then. Provided she played her cards right.
Carthinal resisted the temptation to express surprise at the revelation of Yssa’s speciality, and nodded instead. After all, he should know about such things if he was asking to see her. He then made his way over to the shelves and began to examine the books there. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Soo sitting down in a seat where she could easily see him. He sat down in a vacant seat, picked up the quill pen that was provided on the desk, examined the point, found it was sharp, then dipped it into the ink and began to make notes from the book he had taken from the shelf.
After he estimated four hours had passed, Carthinal took his notes and rose. As he walked towards the door, he saw Soo casually rise, stretch and wander towards the same door, carefully not looking at him.
As they neared the door, she feigned surprise and said, ‘Oh, Carthinal! Are you going down to the dining hall? So am I. I just realised how hungry I am. “It must be lunchtime,” I said to myself. Do you mind if we walk down together?’
Carthinal entered the dining hall with Soo. He looked round for Yssa, but could not see her, so he and Soo went and got something to eat and sat down. While they were eating, Yssa entered and waved across to them, went and got something to eat for herself and then came over to them. Carthinal stood and kissed Yssa on both cheeks twice, as was the elven style, drew out a chair for her to sit on and then sat down himself.
 ‘I’m sorry to make you wait,’ smiled Yssa, sitting down, ‘but I was dog-tired. I was up all night researching a lost spell. I hope Soo has been good company.’
‘I’m sure she would have been excellent company, Yssa, but the truth is that I deserted her for the library, I’m afraid,’ replied Carthinal, smiling at Soo.
‘Not very gallant of you,’ Yssa smiled back. ‘Let me finish my meal and then you can tell me what you wanted to see me about.’
The three of them ate and talked until Yssa said, ‘Let’s go outside, Carthinal, and you can tell me what you want while we walk in the grounds. It’s such a nice day and I’m fed up with being shut inside. Thank you for your help and company, Soo.’
‘Sorry to desert you again, Soo,’ Carthinal apologised, picking up his cloak from the back of the chair, ‘but I must discuss my business with Yssa now. Thanks for being such help. I hope we’ll meet again sometime.’
He shook her hand, and Soo walked away to where some other girl apprentices were waiting all excited to find out whom the handsome stranger was that she had spent so much of the morning with.
Yssa and Carthinal left the tower and wandered through the grounds. It was a mild day, and the earliest spring flowers were beginning to come out. There was a hint of blossom on some of the trees, and the sun was at last getting some strength. They could feel its warmth on their faces.
‘I have been given a job,’ Carthinal began to explain.  He went on to tell Yssa about the quest that he and his friends had been offered and how they had agreed for the moment to do research but not to undertake the quest. He went on to tell her about the finding of the secret room, and the book with the archaic writing in it. Yssa listened in silence, her eyes bright with interest.
‘So, I’m looking for someone to translate the writing,’ concluded the young man.
‘You’ve found her then,’ replied Yssa.
Are you sure? I know you’re very busy with your own work at the moment,’ Carthinal was pleased that Yssa seemed to want to do this, but did not want to tear her away from her own work.
‘Try to stop me! Anyway, although I say it myself, I’m the best here for knowledge of archaic Elvish. Yes, I’ll come with you immediately. Are you ready?’ and with that, she started for the gate.
‘Yssa,’ called Carthinal after her retreating back.
She stopped and turned to him.
‘Aren’t you going to get a cloak? It gets cool in the early evening at this time of the year,’ he reminded her.
‘Oh! Of course. In my excitement I forgot.’
She hurried to the Tower, and within a short while she was back. Then the two of them made their way to the Palace and the secret room.
Lady Randa was there in the library, reading a scroll. She looked up as they came in. Carthinal introduced Yssa to her. The Duke’s daughter gave her a brief glance, and turned back to her scroll.
‘Did you find anything further, your Ladyship?’ asked Carthinal.
‘No. Nothing,’ was the brief rejoinder.
‘Then I’ll go and show Yssa the book we found. With your permission, that is. She thinks she may be able to translate it.’
‘How in the name of the gods does she know that? She’s not even seen the book. It may be beyond her,’ said Lady Randa imperiously.
Yssa was rather annoyed by this young woman who was speaking as though she were not present, but masked her feelings.
Instead she told Lady Randa, ‘I’m an expert in archaic Elvish. In fact, I’d go so far as to say I’m the best, and that’s no boast. If I can’t translate it, no one here in Hambara can. Maybe not anyone in the known world either.’
Lady Randa was just about to make a rude reply when a voice sounded from the doorway.
‘She’s right, Randa. Yssa, my dear. Welcome to the Palace.’ The Duke walked quickly to Yssa and kissed her on both cheeks twice. ‘Yssa, it has been far too long since you came to visit me, but I suppose you’ve been busy. However, fifteen years is a long time.’
‘Not for elves, Rollo,’ replied Yssa, smiling.
The other two could not help noticing that she called him by his given name, and did not use the usual courtesies given to a duke.
‘However, I apologise for my remiss. I’ll try to visit more often in future,’ she continued.
‘Please do. You may not change, but I’m not getting any younger. One day I’ll be dead and gone but you’ll still be as young and beautiful as ever,’ the Duke told her. ‘But I think you’ll be visiting me more often in future when you see in that room.’

The beautiful carvings around the walls amazed Yssa, when she entered the rooms deep beneath the ducal palace, just as they had amazed everyone else who had seen them. They allowed her to examine them thoroughly as they knew exactly what she was feeling seeing them for the first time. Eventually, though, she approached the table and saw the books. Carthinal and Lady Randa stood back to allow her to examine them in her own time. She picked up one at random, much as Carthinal had done. She opened it with great care as it was obviously very old, and once she began to read it, she gasped, looked up at the others and then back down at the book in amazement.
‘Carthinal, pinch me please ’ she requested.
‘What?’ replied the half-elf. ‘Pinch you did you say? Why?’
‘Because I think I must be dreaming and if you pinch me I’ll wake up.’
‘What is it, Yssa?’ Lady Randa, after realising that the elf was a friend of her father’s, was rather more respectful than usual.
‘These books are priceless. They are the spell books of a mage from ancient days. Many of the spells in here have been lost and we are trying to re-create them. With great difficulty, and an enormous expenditure of time and money, I may add. When translated, these books will save us years of work, centuries maybe. So that’s what your father meant when he said I would be visiting more often!’
Carthinal interrupted her.
‘I can understand your excitement, Yssa, but these were not what I wanted you to translate. The problem lies in this smaller book here.’ He indicated the book where they thought they had found the name of Sauvern.
She picked it up and looked at it. ‘The first part seems to be full of all sorts of notes. They don’t make much sense at the moment. Random jottings of experiments etc. What exactly did you want me to translate?’
Carthinal pointed out the part marked with the paper. Yssa glanced at the poem, and then put it down on the table, sat down on the chair, and picked up a pen and paper. She then began to read. After a few minutes, she looked up at the other two.
‘Do you know who wrote this?’ she asked, her eyes lit up with wonder. ‘No, I don’t suppose you do. It seems to have been written by none other than Sillaranoshedes.’
‘Who?’ exclaimed the other two in unison.
‘Sillaranoshedes. Otherwise known as Sillaran, the elf who was Sauvern’s counsellor.’
If she had said that Kassilla had written herself it herself, they could not have been more astounded.
They both looked at her in silence, until she laughed and said, ‘Close your mouth Carthinal. You look like an imbecile.’ Then she became serious again and went on, ‘Yes, I am sure, before you ask. Please would you not speak to me now, as some of the words are not very easy to translate. I’ll read the whole text to you when I’ve finished.’
Randa then suggested that they leave her to get on with the work while they go to continue in the library. Carthinal, however, could not seem to settle. His mind kept wandering to the room below where Yssa was working, and wondering how long it would take her. It seemed Lady Randa was in the same frame of mind as she too kept glancing at the door to the stairs. Eventually, after what seemed like an eternity, but was probably only about three hours, Yssa emerged from the door. She looked tired, but elated. Before leaving the Tower, she had bound her hair, but it had come loose from its bindings and tendrils hung around her face. She pushed them back, irritated.
‘Are you ready to hear this now, or do you want to wait until later?’ she asked them.
On hearing her footsteps on the stairs, the two had sprung to their feet. Carthinal strode over to her and was solicitously leading her to a comfortable chair.
As he was doing this, he said, ‘Yssa, don’t tease. You know we’re anxious to hear it as soon as you’re able.’
‘Well stop treating me as though I’d just crossed the Mountains of Doom on foot,’ she smiled. ‘I’ve been sitting down all the time I was working down there. Although I must admit to feeling rather tired now, and this comfortable chair is rather more conducive to sleep than Sillaran’s. I could easily sleep here, you know.’
She leaned back and closed her eyes.
‘Yssa! Stop it!’ Carthinal scolded.
Yssa opened one eye. ‘Still here? Well then, I suppose I’d better read it to you or I’ll never get any sleep will I?’ She opened the paper she had in her hand and began to read.

‘“Diary Entry of Sillaranoshedes.
“This day, the fourth day of the third week in the month of Candar, in the 2,268 year since humans began to measure time, is the worst of my long life. Today, my king, my friend has lost his life.
“I am distraught. It should not have ended so. Not yet 50 years old! True it is that humans have brief lives, but Sauvern should have reigned for another twenty or thirty years, long enough for the boy to grow to manhood. A child as king!
“Already the accusations begin from those seeking power. Witchcraft, poison, and fingers will be pointed. I do not need magic or omens to foretell that war once more will visit this land, yet omens tell me that your enemies will revile your memory and your body, my king.
“But, my lord, my friend, you must be treated with all honour in death as in life. I will take your body and your Sword, and together with some true knights, we will take you to where you wished to rest for all eternity. We will travel to…”’

Yssa paused and looked at Randa and Carthinal. ‘The page had crumbled away here,’ she said. ‘I’m sorry.’
Carthinal swore a blasphemous oath, and then, remembering himself, looked at Lady Randa and apologised. She looked at him with steel in her blue eyes.
Yssa went on, ‘There is some more. Should I go on?’
The others agreed and she continued reading.

‘“Over the mountains we will go to the forest that you declared must be enchanted, so beautiful did you find it, with its mysterious mists and sudden sunbeams. By the lake where you loved the nymph, I will lay you to rest.
May the gods look on you with favour, my king, until such time as your Sword is needed once more. I will now seal this room with magic so that it can only be opened by…”

‘The page has again crumbled here.’ Yssa told them, but it finishes…

“...clues I have left which will only be found when the world is again in grave danger. Guardians I will put to watch over you. Your Sword is safe by your side and you may rest in peace until that time when the wolves roam free.”

‘And there the entry, and in fact the whole book, ends,’ concluded Yssa.
After a few moments of silence when they stood looking at Yssa, Carthinal spoke.
‘This is incredible. A diary of the elf, Sillaran! We must re-read it so that we can fully digest what it says. What about the rest of the books, Yssa?’
‘I think that the books had better not be moved. The atmosphere down there seems to be just right for them to have been preserved in near perfect condition,’ she replied. ‘Moving them may do irreparable damage. I will ask your father, Randa, if I may come here to translate and study them.’
Randa looked non too pleased that Yssa should call her by her given name as though she were just any young lady and not the heir to a dukedom. Then she remembered that her father, the Duke himself, had not turned a hair when the elf had addressed him thus, so she supposed that she should forbear from making the sharp retort that had sprung to her lips. Instead she replied, if a little coldly,
‘I’m sure he will be pleased for you to come and work down here, Yssa isn’t it?’
Lady Randa went off to look for her father to tell him what they had found.
After re-reading the translation, Carthinal turned to Yssa and asked her to have dinner with him that evening as a thank you for her work. She had just graciously accepted, when the Duke and his daughter returned. The paper was again read, this time to a visibly excited Duke Rollo.
‘How I wish I were younger, and didn’t have all these responsibilities. I would love to go on the quest to find this place where Sauvern was buried. I had a number of adventures in my youth, you know; before I married, and had Randa, and before my father died and I inherited the title. I sometimes wish that my brother had been the elder and that I could have gone on adventuring for longer. What a life that was. Excitement and danger. And fun; yes, lots of fun and companionship too. Also sadness at the death of friends. But in spite of death being an ever-present companion, and the danger, or maybe because of it, those were the times when I felt most alive.’
Here that Duke’s eyes took on a faraway look as he remembered past times and companions. He suddenly seemed to come back to the present and asked to read the translation that Yssa had in her hand. She had also brought the poem up in case the Duke thought it was of any importance. He firstly read the poem, and after a comment about bad poetry, he put it down on the table. He read the diary entry and became excited again. We need a map to see if we can work out where this may possibly be, but not tonight. It’s getting near dinnertime, I think. Yssa, would you do me the honour of dining with me this evening? We can reminisce about the days when you were a regular visitor to the Palace.
Yssa smiled. ‘I’m sorry, Rollo,’ she replied, ‘But I’ve just agreed to have dinner with Carthinal.’
‘Not to worry,’ replied Rollo, nevertheless looking rather disappointed, ‘There will be other times, I’m sure.’
‘Most certainly, Rollo,’ replied Yssa. ‘I’ll be working here for some time to come, I think.’
The Duke visibly brightened at that prospect.
Carthinal picked up the translation and with it the poem and put them in the pocket of his robe.
As he and Yssa walked away towards the library door, Rollo called after them, ‘Carthinal!’
The half-elf stopped and looked round at the Duke, who said, ‘Use that letter I gave you to pay for dinner.’
Carthinal grinned at him. ‘I intend to, sir,’ was his reply.
An hour later found Yssa and Carthinal in a secluded corner of the dining rooms in the best tavern in Hambara. At first, Yssa had objected, saying that Carthinal could not afford those prices, but Carthinal had replied that maybe he could not run to it, but the Duke certainly could, and it was the Duke who was paying. Yssa had laughed at that, and then made no further protests. So here they were in the most expensive eating place in the city, enjoying a meal and each other’s company.
After the meal, Carthinal told Yssa that he would walk her back to the Tower. It was a pleasant night, and both moons were in the sky. Lyndor was waning, shining gibbous in the sky, and Ullin was just past full. As they passed through the gates, Yssa asked Carthinal if he would like to go to her rooms for a last drink. Carthinal declined, saying that he must get back before it was too late, and suggested a walk in the grounds instead, as it was such a beautiful night. They strolled through the trees, and talked of this and that, each acutely aware of the other, until they came suddenly on a small summerhouse set on a slight mound in the middle of a clump of trees. The moons shone down through the trees and the moonbeams played over the little building.
Yssa shivered. ‘It may be nearly spring,’ she said, ‘but it’s still a little chilly. Let’s go in and sit for a while.’
Carthinal thought about going back to the inn. He had not heard the striking of the hour bell and had no idea of the time. However, it was a beautiful night and he enjoyed Yssa’s company, so the two went into the summerhouse. There were large windows along one side, which just happened to be the side where the moons were shining. They cast a silvery light on the room inside. Yssa sat down on a wicker sofa that was set next to a fireplace. There was wood ready, and a fire set in the grate. Yssa explained that this hut was used by some of the mages to get some quiet, and was used summer and winter. There was always wood and a fire set ready for lighting. Carthinal knelt down and lit the fire. A cheery glow soon permeated the small room, and a feeling of cosiness and contentment filled the pair. Carthinal knelt back on the rug and looked at Yssa. She had removed her cloak, and her hair tumbled down her back having been freed from the restraints of the hood and the braiding she had put in before going to the Palace. Carthinal thought how beautiful she looked with the combination of firelight and moonlight on her golden hair. He stood up and went over to where she was sitting and bent down to kiss her. She responded to his advances and they made love on the floor of the summerhouse.
Afterwards, Carthinal apologised, but said he must leave. They walked hand in hand to the door of the Tower. Once there, Carthinal bent to kiss Yssa once on each cheek, and then once on the lips for good measure. He then turned to walk away towards the gates.
‘Carthinal… You remember what I said last time…?’ Yssa began as he left.
‘Yes. I know. No strings,’ was his response, and he disappeared into the shadows of the trees.
‘Yes. No strings. I said that, didn’t I?’ sighed Yssa to herself, looking with infra-vision at the reddish shape that was Carthinal until it disappeared. Only then did she seem to come to herself and with a shake of her head she entered the Tower and closed the door behind her.
CHAPTER 19

DECISIONS

‘You were late in last night!’ said Basalt, looking hard at Carthinal. ‘We thought you’d forgotten where the inn is. Asphodel wanted to send out a search party, but we convinced her that you’d probably got involved in the translation and forgotten the time.’
Carthinal yawned. He hated people who woke up bright and cheerful.
‘Yes, we finished a bit late, and then I took Yssa to dinner—as a thanks for her help, you know.’
‘Hmm!’ was all the dwarf said.
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’ demanded Carthinal, looking at Basalt rather sharply.
‘Nothing at all,’ replied the dwarf.
Carthinal continued to get dressed and then told Basalt and Fero that he would read the translation to them at breakfast when Asphodel could hear it too.
When they got down to the common room, Asphodel was visibly pleased to see Carthinal. He explained that he had taken Yssa out to dinner as a thank you, and that was why he did not eat with them the previous evening. Asphodel remained silent as she received the information, but he thought he saw a strange expression, pass fleetingly over her face. It was so quickly gone that he thought he must have imagined it. He went on to tell of the events of the previous day in the Palace and took the paper out of his pocket. As he did so, the paper with the poem on it fell to the floor.
Fero picked it up. ‘Is this important, Carthinal?’ he asked, passing the paper to the mage.
Carthinal looked puzzled for a moment, then he said, ‘Oh! I didn’t realise I’d picked that up. It’s only a poem that was being used as a bookmark. I must have put it in my pocket without realising it.’
Asphodel took it off Fero and read it. ‘It’s not even good poetry,’ she observed, handing it back to Carthinal, who decided he had better read it out so that the other two would know what they were talking about, even if it was not relevant.
All agreed that it was probably not important, as they could not see what wolves had to do with it. However, Basalt counselled against throwing it away. ‘Just in case,’ he said, but did not explain “just in case” what.
They all became excited when Carthinal revealed just who had written the words in the hidden room, and Asphodel called Mabrella over to ask if she had any paper, a pen and some ink. She explained to the others that she thought that they should write down all they had discovered so far.
When the pen and paper arrived, she began by writing, “Sword in tomb. Evidence: poem and diary.”
Eventually, they had ascertained that the tomb, and hence the Sword, was over some mountains, and by a lake in a forest in which there lives or lived a nymph. The tomb was guarded by something, but they could not determine what. They decided that this was probably the prophesied time for finding the Sword. Sillaran had stated that the room would remain sealed and hidden until it the world was again in danger, and the powers of the Sword required once more; not to mention the other happenings from the other prophecy that had happened to them already.
The problem was which mountains. They discussed this at length, coming to no conclusions. None of them had any knowledge of the lands over either of the mountain ranges. Asphodel was the only one who had been east of the Mountains of Doom, since she had been born there, in the elven capital city of Quantissarillishon. She then told them that she had hardly been out of the city and knew little of the surrounding country beyond the immediate area around the city and could not in all honesty say whether there was a valley such as Sillaran described.
Carthinal turned to the others and said, ‘I’m sure we can find the answer to this last question. If this is truly the prophesied time, then the answer will be there if we can only find it. I’m inclined to tell the Duke that I’m willing to go on this quest for him. I’ve become very interested in all this while doing the research; much more that I thought I would. I don’t want to think that we’ve done all this for someone else to go out and find this fabled Sword. If you’re with me on this, I will be delighted, but if you don’t want to agree, then I don’t blame you either.’
‘I was going on the road anyway, Carthinal,’ Asphodel replied. ‘I’ll go with you.’
‘Me too.’ This was from Basalt. ‘You need someone with a bit of common sense to see you don’t do anything foolish, also you need someone who can use a decent weapon. What about you Fero?’
‘Try to stop me, dwarf,’ was Fero’s reply. ‘You’re not going off to have fun without me. Anyway, you need a drinking companion, don’t you?’
‘So all we need to do is to find out whether to go east or west,’ said Carthinal. ‘I think we can dismiss the Roof of the World. No one has crossed that range ever, or so I’ve been told. So I’ll go to the Duke and tell him we’ll take his job and I’ll take a look at some of the maps he has there. Maybe that will help. See if I can see a lake in a forest over either range.’
He paused for a moment then continued, ‘If we’re going on the road, we’ll need some supplies, so you and Fero could take care of that, Bas. Asphodel, much as I respect your clerical dress, does your Church permit the wearing of armour? If it does, then I suggest you get some, and you need to get a weapon too.’
‘The Church allows armour, but not edged weapons, as Sylissa is the goddess of Life and Healing. It is too easy to extinguish life with a sword. Blunt weapons can stop and not kill,’ she replied. ‘I'll see to it. If we’re going to go on a long journey, as I suspect this will be, may I suggest that we buy a horse to carry our things? It’ll save our energy and mean we can make quicker progress.’
‘Good idea,’ replied Fero. ‘Bas and I will see to it.’
They all went their separate ways to complete their allotted tasks. Firstly, Carthinal went to tell the Duke they would go and try to find the Sword for him, and then he looked at the maps the Duke provided. There were no lakes marked over the Mountains of Doom, and the only ones marked over the Western Mountains were not in woodland, so he was little the wiser as he approached the Mage Tower. He took Mabryl’s staff, to the Tower to see if he could have some light thrown on its possible magical effects. He had forgotten all about it in the past few days of tests and research. He entered the tower, and saw Yssa crossing the Great Hall. He called to her and she came over. He told her about the staff and how he would like to know more about it and its powers.
‘You say it was Mabryl’s staff and he left it to you?’
Carthinal nodded.
‘Well, I already know it’s magic,’ she continued, ‘so I don’t need to check that. I daren’t touch it, as many magic staves will react badly if anyone but their rightful owner tries to touch them—a precaution that is wise. However, Mabryl gave this to you on his deathbed, so you are obviously all right at least to pick it up.’
She paused for a moment to think. ‘Hmm!’ she went on. ‘Have you felt anything when you pick it up?’
Carthinal remembered the slight tingling he felt as he carried the staff after Mabryl had told him he must have it, and the warm feeling that came after it and he told her of these sensations.
‘Fine, you should be able to use it then. It seems to have accepted the change of ownership ’ Yssa replied.
‘You speak as though it is alive!’ Carthinal was surprised.
‘Well, it is and it isn’t. It can detect who should and who should not be using it and it will only obey the commands of that one person. Beyond that, it is just a bit of wood,’ she explained.
‘I see,’ said Carthinal, who did not really, ‘but how do I know what it can do?’
‘Look carefully at the carvings on the side,’ she told him.
Suddenly, he thought that he could see letters and then words in intricate carving among the other decoration. They were so ornate that it was no wonder that he had overlooked them before. Yssa, however, explained. The words would not be able to be read, firstly by anyone with no right to do so. That is anyone who was not the rightful owner of the staff. Secondly, she explained that he had been unable to read them before, as he was only an apprentice and not a full mage, although Mabryl had bequeathed the staff to him.
‘I expect that Mabryl had the staff in his hand when he told you that you were to have it,’ she said. ‘He must have managed to touch you with it too so that it would know you.’
Carthinal thought back to the moments when Mabryl told him to leave him as he was dying. The memory was still very painful; after all it was only a very short while ago. Yes, he remembered that Mabryl’s hand was on the staff, but that had not struck him as unusual as it had rarely been far from the man’s side. He also thought he remembered a very, light brush by the staff that he had put down as an accident. It seems now that it was probably deliberate. He pushed the pain away. Now was not the time to indulge in mourning.
They then went on to discuss what the words that Carthinal could see meant. Yssa told him that they would most probably be the command words for the various powers of the staff. She thought that the first one that Carthinal could read was to give him magical protection against weapons. Yssa explained that it made a thickened layer of air around the mage that made penetration by anything extremely difficult. It was a spell in the domain of Matter, she said, which affected physical things around. The second one would release some magical bolts of energy. (From the domain of Energy.) All magic affected a variety of aspects of the world. As well as the physical world and energy, there were spells that affected the Mind of living creatures, spells affecting Time and spells of the Spirit.
Yssa went on to explain that the staff was very old, having been passed down from master to apprentice over many generations. It was thus a rechargeable staff or it would have long since lost its powers. It had a large quartz crystal on the top. Carthinal knew little of crystals, it not being a part of the initial training of mages, so Yssa explained that quartz was a very powerful crystal and that was what recharged it, drawing in the mana from all around the world. (Crystallography was one of many subjects that mages could study if they desired to take up magical research after they had passed their tests.)
After Yssa had explained about the staff to him, he turned to her and said, ‘We’ve decided to take up Duke Rollo’s quest and go in search of the Sword. There are only four of us, and the poem that Asphodel found seems to indicate six or eight people should go. I’d be pleased if you’d accompany us. We plan to leave as soon as possible. Tomorrow if we can manage to be ready.’
Yssa was tempted. To go adventuring; to go with Carthinal; to find a long lost legendary sword. She was, despite herself, coming to have feelings about this handsome and charismatic half-elf, and she would love to spend more time in his company.
However, she replied, ‘Much as I’m tempted, I have my work here. There are all those books in the Palace that have to be translated and Mabryl's book to study. I couldn’t bear someone else to get their grubby paws on them and find out their secrets first. Thank you for asking me, Carthinal, but I must say no.’

When Carthinal got back to the inn, he found the others there already. Asphodel was dressed in studded leather armour, and had a tabard in white with a scarlet triskel worked into the cloth covering it. Leather trousers protected her legs. She looked very different now she was no longer wearing her clerical robes. She produced a sling saying that the weapons master she consulted suggested that this was the best weapon for her to learn on since she could not get the practice on another in time to be sufficiently proficient by the time they set off. She could practice using the sling while travelling. He had also made his views known about temples that allowed their curates to go on the road without sufficient weapons training.
Basalt and Fero had had a successful morning too. They had purchased dried food and more water skins. Basalt had replenished his dwindling supply of dwarf spirits and they had also acquired a couple of skins of good wine as well as several skins of ale and cider. Basalt pointed out that they had to ensure that they would be able to drink even if they could not find water. Also, the alcohol would help to purify water if they could not boil it for any reason. It was also good to cook in. He had eaten dried rabbit meat cooked in cider with mushrooms and herbs and it was delicious, he told them.
‘All right, you don’t have to make excuses for your purchases of alcohol to me,’ laughed Carthinal. ‘I expect I’ll drink my fair share. What about a horse to carry all these supplies? Did you have success there?’
‘We were certainly lucky, Carthinal,’ Fero told him. ‘We went to a livery to try to buy a horse. As we were looking them over, rather inexpertly I hasten to add, a young couple came in. They were Horselords from over the Western Mountains. The ones who are staying here as it happens. The stableman was giving us a price for the animal, and they overheard. They came over and told him that although the animal was a good one, she was not worth what he was asking. They talked to us, or rather the girl did (the man seemed not to speak Grosmerian so well) and persuaded us not to buy that mare, but to look theirs over. They were reluctantly having to sell her in order to feed themselves.’
‘Where is the horse now?’ asked Carthinal.
‘We’ve brought her to the stables here,’ Bas replied. ‘But, Carthinal, I’m rather concerned about this horse business. I had no experience of dealing with the mine ponies when I was mining, and Fero tells me that he knows nothing about them. This is a beautiful horse of the Horselords. I’m worried that we won’t be able to take care of her as she should be.’
‘The elves don’t use horses either,’ said Asphodel. ‘I know nothing about your background, Carthinal, but I would be very surprised if it had included horses.’
Carthinal shrugged and shook his head.
‘We'll have to learn quickly then.’ 
‘Carthinal, I have had an idea.’ Basalt said suddenly. ‘Those two Horselords have little or no money left, so they want to find some kind of employment. I don’t suppose they would really enjoy working at anything they would be likely to get in Hambara, so why don’t we ask them if they’d like to join with us in the capacity of grooms?’
‘Do you think they would?’ asked Asphodel. ‘They are known for being very proud. The man also looks very fierce. I saw him yesterday. I was a little bit afraid of him to be honest.’
The discussion proceeded for a few minutes until the entire group agreed that there was sense in the suggestion.
‘Anyway,’ Carthinal pointed out, ‘The poem that Asphodel found suggested six, or maybe eight, should go on this quest, and we are only four. If they come that will make six. Besides, as we all know, six is a sacred number, and so that would perhaps give us some luck.’
The planet of Vimar took three hundred and sixty days to travel around the sun, and that was divided into twelve months of thirty days, which were in turn divided into five “weeks” of six days. This led to the idea of six being an important number, and it also included all multiples of six, especially thirty six, (six squared) and numbers with all sixes, such as sixty six, six hundred and sixty six and so on.
They agreed to ask the couple when they returned, having ascertained from Keloriff that they were not in yet. While they were waiting, they ordered some food as it was well past the usual time for the mid-day meal.
While they were eating, the door opened and the Horselords came in, hand in hand. The man was not exceptionally tall, about five feet ten and the girl was tiny, barely five feet tall. They were both dressed in leather, there being little difference between the dress of either of them. Both were wearing brown leather trousers tucked into brown leather boots. They had leather tunics over coarsely woven shirts. The girl had long brown hair tied in two plaits and clear hazel eyes, ringed with long lashes. Her eyes were her best feature, and beyond that she was not particularly pretty, with a small upturned nose and a wide mouth. She was adorned with necklaces of beads and feathers, and had feathers hanging from the rings in her ears. The man, however, was extremely imposing. He had a proud bearing, and was very handsome. He had very dark hair, done in the fashion of the tribes, long and braided with beads and feathers, but the thing that made him seem so fearsome was the tattoo on his face. It went up his straight nose and over his brows and seemed to be in the shape of a bird with outstretched wings. His leather clothing was covered with intricate designs. His eyes were a light brown colour.
The girl caught Basalt’s eye and she smiled in recognition. Her smile transformed her face, and Bas thought that here was the face of someone who was by nature happy and cheerful. Carthinal looked over to them, and stood, beckoning them over. Fero reached out and pulled two more chairs to their table so that the pair could sit down.
Once they had sat, Carthinal made the suggestion to them. ‘We are none of us experienced in the tending of horses, and yet we feel the need to have one on our journey. We are going on a quest for Duke Rollo, and may be gone for some time. Basalt here suggested that we asked if you two would accompany us to tend the horse. We cannot pay much, but would be willing to share in any treasure we may find. The Duke will pay our expenses here in Hambara, so your bill at the inn will be taken care of if you join us. I’ll need an answer fairly soon as we wish to leave first thing tomorrow morning if possible.’
The man replied in halting Grosmerian, ‘First we talk. Private. We go to room. Return half-hour.’
With that, the pair rose and went up the stairs to their room leaving the other four looking after them.
Just over half an hour later, true to their word, the Horselords reappeared in the common room.
The girl turned to Carthinal and said, in much better Grosmerian than her husband, ‘We have thought about your offer. We would know what this quest is before we can agree.’
‘That’s fair enough, Carthinal,’ said Basalt. ‘Would you go somewhere without knowing some details?’
Carthinal replied to the couple. ‘I can tell you that we go east to try to find a long lost artefact. The details I cannot reveal unless I know you are with us. It will probably be dangerous though, that I can tell you.’
‘Danger never disturb Horselords,’ was the proud reply from the man. ‘We accept offer and come on journey.’
He stood, and, crossing his hands on his breast, bowed to each of them in turn.
‘I, Davrael,’ he said, ‘This, my wife, Kimi.’
Kimi then also rose and bowed to them in turn as Davrael had done. The others rose and bowed to the two Horselords, introducing themselves. Once the introductions were over, Carthinal gave Davrael and Kimi a brief run-down on the quest and read them the poems and diary extract they had found. Davrael was of the opinion that they were right in deciding to go over the Mountains of Doom since he had no knowledge of lakes in woodland on the plains of his homeland. Indeed, although there were lakes aplenty on the plains, the woods were small and far apart. Being plains, there was little that could be reliably termed a valley anywhere that he knew about.
They spent the rest of the afternoon talking and getting to know one another a little. Davrael and Kimi seemed reluctant to open up about their homes, but the Horselords were noted for their reticence, so the others ignored this. However, they felt that the pair would fit in and were happy with the decision to ask them to join.
The last afternoon in Hambara drew to a close. A few short sixdays ago none of the group knew of each other’s existence, and now, here they were planning an expedition where they may have to entrust their very lives to each other.
‘Life is very strange,’ thought Asphodel. ‘I came here to the temple to become a healer, and now I’m going chasing after a magical sword in the company of a half-elf, a dwarf, a foreigner from beyond the Great Desert and two barbarian Horselords. Who would have thought it?’
The afternoon darkened, and evening approached. The group decided to rise early and leave at the first hour. So they all retired to their rooms to make whatever preparations they needed.
INTERLUDE

He set the bowl of black ink before him and began to chant. The ink began to lighten and then showed him a clear picture. He saw a group of six people passing through the gates of a city. He did not recognise the city. It had changed much since he had last seen it, but he knew it to be Hambara, in the centre of the land of Grosmer for that was where he had directed his search.
‘So they are coming from there. I’m glad I was right. A pity I can’t scry them out personally, but I’ve never met any of them, I just happen to know Hambara. Or at least, I did!’ he muttered to himself, looking at the new buildings outside the gates of the said city.
Then he laughed. ‘They’ll never find the Sword. They don’t fulfil the prophecy.’ He chuckled to himself. ‘However, I’ll send them something to think about anyway. It’s always possible that they could pick up two more.’
He had read every prophecy he could lay his hand on about the Sword, and had deduced that the seekers would come from Hambara at around this time. Therefore he had carefully scried the gates leading in all directions for likely folk, and this motley band seemed to be the most likely to be those searchers. Of course, he could be wrong, but he doubted it. He felt in the marrow of his bones that this group was the one that was destined to search for the Sword of Sauvern, and he had learned over his many years to trust those feelings.
He carefully poured the scrying ink back into its bottle and wiped out the bowl. These he carefully placed in a cupboard, locked it and went to the door. He called down the stairs for his assistant who came running with alacrity. It did not do to displease the Master.
‘What is it you want, magister?’ the young mage asked entering the room somewhat breathlessly from running up the stairs.
‘There is a group of people that I want to see the end of,’ the magister told the other. ‘One of them is your erstwhile fellow companion in your Tests, Carthinal Mabrylson. He has just left Hambara in the company of five others. They are a conspicuous group composed of the half-elf, a female elven cleric of Sylissa, a dwarf, a man from the southern lands and a Horselord couple. I think we should send my new pets out to see what they can do about them. Release a couple and tell them to get there quickly and I suggest they hide themselves with the more normal of their kind. Release a few of those too. They’ll follow the others with no problem. Oh, and speed them on their way by using a Gate. You can do that now, can’t you?’
On receiving a reply in the affirmative, he gave a key to his assistant who nodded and went back down the stairs.
The magister, for he was indeed one of the highest-ranking mages on Vimar, then smiled to himself. ‘We’ll see how they cope with my little pets then,’ he chortled. ‘I hope that youngster gets out of their way quickly enough. I’ve still got things planned for someone like that one.’
With that, the magister sat down to wait.




PART 2


THE JOURNEY
CHAPTER 20

FOLLOWED

They all met the next morning and after eating a substantial breakfast, gathered up their things and went to the stables. Here Davrael and Kimi loaded the things onto the mare and led her out of the inn yard. She was a pretty dapple-grey with the elegant bearing of the animals reared by the Horselords. Kimi said her name was Moonbeam. Moonbeam seemed reluctant to leave the warm stable for the cold of the early morning air, and she whickered to the other horses still there. There was a snort or two and some stamping of feet from the other animals, but then they passed through the stable yard gates and the horse sounds were left behind, to be replaced by the sounds of the city.
The little group made its way along Doom Road towards the West Gate with the slums of the Warren on their left and the Merchant area where their inn was situated on their right. Kimi wrinkled her nose at the smells issuing from the Warren.
‘How can people live in places like that?’ she wanted to know.
Carthinal looked at her and replied quietly, ‘Most of them have no choice, Kimi. It’s live there or die.’
They were quiet then until they passed through the arch of the gates as they thought on Carthinal’s words. The guards saluted them as they passed, except for one surly-looking fellow who gave them a black look and then spat on the ground.
‘He’s the one who “found” the stolen necklace in my pack,’ whispered Fero. ‘It seems the Duke has done as he said and demoted him. He’s just an ordinary guardsman now I see.’
‘And with a great deal of resentment it seems,’ responded Basalt. ‘Most of it turned towards us if his look is anything to go by.’
They walked through the outlying districts of the town, which were very similar to the areas they had come through when they entered, until at last they left the last building behind.
Fero took a deep breath. ‘At last I can breathe,’ he said. ‘I was suffocating in that town.’
To a greater or lesser extent they all felt that way. Carthinal, who had grown up in Bluehaven, was less troubled by the atmosphere of Hambara, although it was a much bigger town than Bluehaven. Davrael seemed to be as pleased as Fero to be out in the countryside again, although he had not been in the town for as long. They were passing through farmland, and every so often there was a little farmstead. Carthinal, Basalt and Asphodel were reminded of the farm where they had received so warm a welcome and where Mabryl had died and was buried.
‘We must visit them again, Carthinal,’ she said to him. ‘Maybe we can take them something to thank them for their kindness to us.’
‘Yes, a good idea,’ replied Carthinal. ‘After all, I left them in a not very good frame of mind, didn’t I? I would like to apologise to them for my rudeness. And I would like to visit Mabryl's grave too.’
‘We can go when we come back from this mad quest then,’ Basalt butted in. ‘I’m not very optimistic of us finding this Sword with so little to go on. It’s just guesswork that we’re going this way at all.’
Asphodel smiled at the dwarf. ‘Not exactly pure guesswork, Bas,’ she said. ‘Let’s call it an intelligent estimation based on the information we have managed to gather.’
The dwarf grimaced. ‘Call it all the fancy names you want, Asphodel,’ he said, ‘but it’s still just guesswork.’
As they walked, Fero began to hum. It was a tune in a minor key, but it had a rhythm that seemed to encourage them to walk. Even Moonbeam seemed to prick up her ears and walk with more vigour.
‘Does that song have words, or is it just a tune?’ Asphodel asked him.
‘It has words. It’s a work song of my people,’
‘Could you sing the words for us?’ Kimi enquired, coming alongside the other two.
Fero began to sing. He had a deep bass voice, and the others felt a tingle run through them as he sang. They could imagine the dark sweating bodies toiling under a hot sun.
‘What do the words mean?’ Basalt asked the tall ranger.
Fero translated it into Grosmerian for them.

‘“I rise before the sun each morn
And sometimes wish I’d ne’er been born.
For life is hard here in the heat
But I must toil or I won’t eat.
And soon I will be dead and gone
But still the work goes on and on.

“I plant the grain and sow the seeds.
The sun looks down on all our deeds.
His sister rain falls from above
And nourishes the seeds with love.
The sun himself gives warmth to all
And makes the plants and grain grow tall.

“Now I am glad to have been born
The land is kind, it gave us corn
And grass for all our cows and sheep
And you and I can soundly sleep.
For once again through winter’s chill
We’ll once more live. It will not kill.”’

‘Rather sad, but it does end on a hopeful note,’ Asphodel observed.
‘It’s a very old song,’ Fero explained. ‘It dates back to the time when my people scratched a living from the land. It’s hard to farm on the edge of the Great Desert. Sometimes the rains failed and then people starved. Now it’s better. We’ve learned how to cope and what to grow, and about water conservation and irrigation; and many people live in the cities and towns which are usually near some kind of water, either a river or an underground reservoir. We are, however, very careful. A rich man is one who has his own water supply. We recycle as much water as we can.’
After this speech, which was the longest that Basalt, Carthinal and Asphodel had heard from the ranger, Fero began to sing again, this time quietly.
Then Carthinal had an idea. ‘Teach us your song, Fero,’ he said. ‘It’ll help to pass the time while we’re walking and it’s a good tune to walk to. It has a good rhythm to it.’
Fero agreed, and said that it had been a work song originally, one that helped people to keep a rhythm to their toils.
So for the rest of the morning they sang each line after Fero, and when they stopped for lunch as the sun reached its zenith, they all knew the first two verses in Fero’s language.
Davrael tethered Moonbeam to a tree, loosely so that she could graze, and then removed her pack. The mare shook herself, and would obviously have liked to roll, but Davrael spoke softly to her in his own language and she seemed to content herself with a shake. He patted her and then came to sit with the others.
‘How long it take get Roffley, Carthinal?’ he asked, taking a piece of bread and dried meat, biting it and then looking at it questioningly. He casually draped an arm over Kimi’s shoulder.
‘Over a sixday,’ came the reply. ‘Probably about eight days, assuming we continue to make good progress. We should be there by the Equinox with any luck. Asphodel wants, if possible, to be able to honour Grillon at this time of year.’
‘I thought you were a cleric of Sylissa?’ Kimi asked the elf.
‘Yes, I am, but we are not forbidden from celebrating the festivals of other gods. In fact, we are encouraged to do so. Grillon is the preferred god of the elves and so I like to celebrate the New Year.’
‘Grillon is also my god, as a ranger,’ Fero told them, ‘So I would like to be able to celebrate him too. I also would like to get to Roffley by the Equinox.’
They rested for about an hour after eating, and then Kimi and Davrael re-loaded Moonbeam and they set off again along the road. Again they sang as they walked along, continuing to learn Fero’s song, and they hardly realised how the time was passing until they noticed the sun was beginning to set, and the evening was upon them.
They walked on until they found a place by the road where they could set up camp. They were just beginning to leave the farms behind and enter wilder lands. Soon they would be in the forest. A small stream ran alongside the road here, and they used it to firstly replenish their water supplies, and then to wash. Asphodel found some soapwort growing near to the stream, and they gathered some both to use then and to take with them in case they could not find any later. The herb, when squeezed in water, gave out a soapy substance that was useful for washing. Peasant women had known of the herb for centuries.
Fero went on his usual hunt, but this time he took Asphodel with him so that she could practice with her sling. Whilst they were away, the other four set up camp, Kimi grooming the horse with some dry grass she pulled up while Basalt, Carthinal and Davrael collected wood to build a fire, and dug out the turf, setting it round with stones to form a primitive hearth. By the time Fero and Asphodel returned with some rabbits and a partridge, the fire was burning brightly, and the blankets had been set out around it.
Just as the meal was ending and they were deciding on the order of watches, Fero stood and said, ‘Excuse me a moment, I think I heard something.’
‘Yes,’ replied Asphodel. ‘So did I. I thought it was probably a squirrel. It seemed to be in that tree.’
Fero walked towards the tree in question and peered up into its branches. He could not see anything although the leaves had barely begun to sprout. He walked back to the others, signing them to say nothing. They continued with their discussions, and Fero walked away from the group, but not in the direction of the tree. He made as though he was going amongst the sparse woodland to relieve himself, then doubled back, keeping to the darker shadows and moving slowly and quietly towards the tree where he thought he had heard the noise. He stood in the shadow of a large oak tree and remaining motionless, waited. After a few minutes, the sight of a slight movement in the tree, and the sound of a sigh rewarded him. He continued to wait, and eventually his patience was rewarded. The smell of the cooking partridge and rabbit was wafting his way. Then there was a sound of a stomach rumbling. It came from up the tree, followed by further scrabbling as someone was descending. That someone got lower in the tree until Fero could make out a definitely human shape. Just as they were about to jump from the lowest branches, Fero moved quickly and grabbed a leg. There was a squeak from the person caught.
‘All right. Get down, but don’t try to run. I’m a good shot with my bow.’
The figure jumped down and said, ‘I’ll come quietly.’
Holding onto the arm of a slight figure, encased in a cloak with the hood pulled up, Fero re-entered the camp. The others stood up as he approached, except for Basalt who was, at that moment, turning the spit on which the two rabbits and the partridge were roasting.
He walked into the light of the fire and yanked the hood off saying, ‘Let’s see what we’ve caught, shall we?’
‘Thad!’ exclaimed Carthinal when the hood revealed a crop of curly red hair. It was indeed the young thief from the Warren in Hambara. ‘What are you doing out here?’
‘I followed you,’ replied the boy. ‘Things was getting’ too bloody ’ot for me in town, like. I thought you wouldn’t take me if I asked, so’s I followed, like. I were goin’ t’ come out tomorrer, see, but I were so ’ungry smellin’ yer food. I thought I might be able to “acquire” some if I waited, but Fero bloody well caught me.’
Carthinal then asked the boy why he felt he had had to leave his home, so Thad explained that his fence had found out that he had stolen the figurine back and was out to get him, so an escape was necessary.
‘What about your family?’ asked Asphodel. ‘Won’t they be worried?’
‘Got no family,’ was the sulky reply.
‘Have you ever been out of Hambara before?’ asked Basalt.
‘No! Don’t send me back! Please don’t!’ The anxiety in the boy’s voice and eyes was real enough. ‘I’ll do anything. Anything at all.’
‘Thad,’ said Carthinal gently. ‘We are on a dangerous mission. We are not sure where we are going except over the mountains. Lives will be in danger, of that I am sure. You are only a boy—and one with no experience of living in the wilderness at that. We may have to send you back with a caravan in Roffley.’
The boy dropped to his knees and grabbed Carthinal’s robes. ‘No! No! It can’t be more bloody dangerous ’ere than there! Please, Carthinal.’ Then, regaining his composure, he got to his feet. ‘I’m a damn good thief. You said so yourself, Carthinal, right?’
‘What would we want with a thief?’ asked Kimi. ‘We’re not planning on robbing anyone. Surely a lawbreaker will be more trouble than he is worth.’
‘I c’n ’ide in th' shadows and scout wi’ Fero,’ he replied. ‘I’m real good aren’t I, Fero?’
He noted the ranger’s nod with satisfaction.
‘I c’n use this short sword and a dagger as well if there’s any fightin’. I’m real good with throwing daggers too. I c’n also find any ’idden traps so’s to keep you safe from that danger, right? I promise not to use me skills against any o’ you. There! Now what d’you say?’
‘That you not use skills to take from folk we meet. We get needs honestly.’ Davrael spoke for the first time.
Thad looked over at the Horselord and seemed to shrink back a little.
‘I...I promise,’ he said in a small voice.
Carthinal sighed. ‘You can accompany us at least to Roffley. Once there we will reconsider sending you back, but you must behave yourself and prove yourself until then.’
‘Yeah, Carthinal,’ was the meek reply, rather spoiled by a cheeky look from the corner of his eye.
So they sat down to eat their meal and then, with Davrael and Basalt taking first watch, they rolled themselves in their blankets and slept.
The next morning dawned rather misty. They tidied up the campsite, put out the fire and replaced the turf. When all their gear was loaded onto Moonbeam, they began their journey once more.
Basalt suggested that today he taught them a song of the mountain dwarves to help to pass the journey, and by lunchtime, when the sun had burned off the mist, they were halfway through learning it. They were also entering much thicker woodland, leaving the farms behind. Here were more signs of spring. Catkins were growing on some of the trees and bushes, and there were occasional clumps of early spring flowers like snowdrops and celandines. There were even a few of the small wild daffodils coming out. Birds were marking out their territories in song in preparation for finding a mate and rearing young. There was a smell of growth and renewal in the air. They all felt an elation that had been missing in Hambara, even Thad, to whom all this was new and exciting. He kept exclaiming at all kind of things, from a shy squirrel that they disturbed to the newly growing flowers. The others were forced to see the wildwood with new eyes. At their mid-morning half-hour rest, he barely sat down, but spent the time looking and exclaiming at everything there.
They stopped for lunch as the sun reached its zenith, and rested again for an hour. Just as they were getting up and clearing all their waste away, they heard galloping hooves coming up the road. A rider on a black horse was galloping down the road. The horse was being ridden fast, but just as it drew alongside of them, the rider caught sight of them and quickly reined in. The horse reared up and slid to a halt. The rider jumped from the saddle almost before the animal had stopped and ran over to them.
‘Carthinal. You’ve got further than I thought.’
‘Lady Randa!’ Carthinal was surprised to see her. ‘What are you doing here? Is there a message from your father? He is all right isn’t he?’
He wondered at Lady Randa coming herself with a message. Surely her father would have sent a messenger and not his only, precious daughter.
‘I’ve come to join you. No, there is no message and yes, he’s all right,’ was the reply.
Lady Randa was dressed in chain mail armour. She had a helmet on her head with her long ash blond hair tucked into it, and she was carrying a longbow slung over her shoulder and a quiver of arrows on her back. She had a rather fine long sword in a tooled scabbard at her hip, and she was drawing off a pair of leather gauntlets.
‘I’ve ridden hard to catch you up and my horse needs a rest. We’ll wait here for another half an hour before moving on,’ she ordered turning to Davrael. ‘You! Horseman! See to my animal, but be careful, he can be vicious to people he doesn't know.’
Carthinal saw Davrael bristle and quickly gave him a warning look. Davrael was an intelligent man, and saw what Carthinal was trying to tell him with that look.
‘Don’t say anything, just do as she asks, and I’ll get rid of her as soon as I can,’ was what he read in Carthinal’s eyes.
He walked over to the blowing stallion. Talking all the time in gentle tones, he slowly approached the horse and managed to pick up  the trailing reins. The animal put back his ears and pulled back, showing the whites of his eyes, then made as if to bite the man who had so unceremoniously taken the reins that the stallion considered to be the property of his mistress.  Davrael, continuing to talk all the time, gradually coming nearer to the animal until he could put up his hand and stroke his nose. The horse made no objection and so Davrael began to walk him in circles to cool off.
Carthinal was talking to Lady Randa. ‘This is no place for you, my Lady. We’re on a mission, as you know, that may be dangerous. As soon as your horse is rested, you’re to go back to your father.’
‘You cannot make me. This is a free highway unless I am much mistaken. I can travel it if I wish. If I happen to be going in the same direction as you, then that’s just too bad.’
Carthinal sighed and looked at Basalt who shrugged, but looked dismayed at the thought of having the Lady Randa in their company.
‘All right. I can’t make you go back now,’ Carthinal conceded. ‘However, once we are in Roffley, you may change your mind. There’s probably a caravan going back to Hambara from there and you can travel with that.’
‘Carthinal, I am not useless. Nor am I unintelligent. I’m aware of the dangers. I’ve travelled the roads before, albeit with my father’s guards, I admit. I can use these weapons that I carry with competence. I’ve trained with some of the best. You will not find me a shrinking violet when it comes to a fight.’
‘All right. Carthinal says you can stay until Roffley, but if that’s the case, we are not going to mess around with “My Lady” this and “My Lady” that.’ Basalt retorted. ‘You will be called Randa. You’ll address us by name as well. In case you’ve forgotten, my name is Basalt, not Dwarf. The elf is Asphodel. She’s a curate of Sylissa…’
‘I can see that. I said I was not stupid, Dw...Basalt.’
‘The ranger is Fero and the two Horselords…’ he emphasised the “lords” part of the word, ‘Are Davrael and Kimi; and they are not grooms to be ordered around. We are all equal here.’
The arrival of Randa seemed to put a blanket over the good humour of the morning. They continued towards Roffley, Randa riding her magnificent black stallion that she said was named Storm. He was pure black except for a star of white hair on his forehead and one white hind foot. He was also very temperamental and highly-strung. It said much for Randa’s riding skills that she could control such an animal.
The others walked, Kimi leading Moonbeam with Davrael at her side. He held the hand that was not holding the reins, and they talked quietly together in their own language.  The day progressed in this manner. Fero left them once or twice to scout ahead or behind, and once returned with a hare he had managed to shoot. Asphodel found some mushrooms and other edible herbs and vegetables, and so they progressed towards their destination.
About half an hour before sunset, Carthinal called a halt. There was a small clearing in the forest and they decided to make camp there. As they all busied themselves making camp, Randa sat on a log and waited.
‘Randa,’ called Asphodel. ‘Will you put some of these herbs into the pot and then put the pot over the fire?’
‘Why can’t you do it?’ came the petulant reply.
‘Well. I would, only I’m skinning the hare. Kimi and Davrael are seeing to the horses, Bas and Carthinal are collecting wood and making the fire pit and Fero has gone hunting with Thad. There’s no one else.’
Randa reluctantly went to help Asphodel. It was obvious that she had never cooked before, and Asphodel had to tell her, step by step, what to do. It would have been easier for Asphodel if she had just done it all herself, but she was determined she was not going to let this spoiled and arrogant girl just sit there while everyone else was working, so she persevered. She sighed and ran a hand through her hair. Carthinal, just finishing the job of building the fire pit looked over. He smiled and rolled his eyes to the heavens as he saw her frustration with Randa. She smiled back and shrugged.
They ate well again that evening. Carthinal insisted that Randa take a watch, and for a moment it seemed that she would refuse. Asphodel thought she could foresee a struggle for power between these two. Randa obviously thought she should be in charge by right as the Duke’s daughter, and did not realise that true leadership was earned, and did not merely consist of giving orders. Eventually she agreed to stand the first watch with Carthinal and the others lay down in their blankets to sleep.
CHAPTER 21

ATTACK

The attack came just before dawn. Fero and Thad were on watch. Carthinal had suggested that the watch should be arranged as far as possible with one person with infravision and one without. Fero, he decided with his ranger training, was almost as good as an elf or dwarf. Carthinal watched with Randa, Basalt with Kimi and Davrael with Asphodel, leaving Fero to watch with Thad.
The night was just beginning to grow lighter when Fero thought he heard a sound in the bushes to his right. He stood, drew his sword, and looked over towards them, signalling to Thad to be prepared. Then, before he had time to take a step, the bushes parted and a wolf rushed him. He shouted to wake the others, and at the same time, swung his sword to injure the animal. He only managed to catch a glancing blow, and then his sword slid off, but he had managed to slow the wolf down. 
He heard rather than saw the others coming to their feet. The wolf, far from being afraid, as Fero had expected, was coming again. Again he slashed and again made contact. This time the animal fell at his feet, its lifeblood seeping into the ground from the severed jugular. Fero heard the sound of Carthinal chanting and knew that there were other wolves. Basalt’s battle cry was heard over the sounds of fighting. Then he heard a sound from in front of him. Another wolf appeared. This was an enormous animal. Much bigger than a normal wolf. This was going to take some killing. The huge animal looked at Fero with an evil intelligence in its yellow eyes. Sounds of the battle were raging around him, but he scarcely heard them any more, giving himself over to his own task. He swung his sword again, but the wolf seemed to anticipate him and moved off to the side. They circled each other like two fencers. Fero feinted to his left and the wolf moved away. Fero then changed his thrust to the right and caught the wolf, cutting it on the side of its head. The animal then backed away, but it suddenly changed tactics and sprung for Fero’s throat. He put up his sword to protect himself, but the huge beast dropped, a bolt sticking out from its ribs and a throwing dagger from its eye. Fero turned, sword still raised until he saw that there were no more of the beasts alive. The others were all standing panting and leaning on weapons. Asphodel was tending a bite on Davrael’s arm and Kimi was trying to calm the terrified horses.
‘There was eight of the bleeders,’ Thad told him. The young thief was shaking visibly now that the action was over. ‘There were another like that bloody gynormous one you was fightin’. What remains of it’s over there. Carthinal killed it with ’is magic. Two silvery bolts of energy from ’is fingers, like. It were real cool.’ He looked at Carthinal with admiration.
‘Those big ones were dire wolves,’ Fero told them later when they had cleaned the blood from themselves as best they could, and while Asphodel was tending the wounds of those who had been injured. ‘They don’t often come this far south, especially at this time of the year. There was something else too. Dire wolves are more intelligent than normal wolves, but these seemed even more intelligent than the average dire wolf. The one I was fighting seemed to have more knowledge of sword fighting than it should, and the fire didn’t seem to put them off either. There’s something strange going on here.’
‘Let’s move on before breakfast. I don’t think I could eat with these bodies around.’ shuddered Asphodel, and the others agreed.
So they broke camp. The horses calmed down once away from the smell of the wolves and blood, and the little band trudged on down the road.
‘You fought well,’ Carthinal said coming up beside Randa where she rode a little distance from the others.
‘I told you I could use my weapons, half-elf,’ came the reply.
Carthinal turned to Thad. ‘You too, lad,’ he said.
The boy seemed pleased with the praise. ‘I did good with th’ throwin’ dagger didn’t I?’ he replied. ‘I got him right in th’ bleedin’ eye. ’Ave I earned me place in your company, Carthinal?
‘Yes, you did well with the dagger, and with your sword before that,’ Carthinal told him. ‘It took some courage to get up close enough to those wolves so you could use it. As to earning your place, I will think about it and discuss it with the others.’
Thad smiled and then looked away almost shyly.
Eventually, they found themselves in a clearing where there was a small pool of water surrounded by bushes. A stream fed it from the north and left from the western end of the pool. They decided not only to break their fast here, but also to bathe and rest for the remainder of the day after their ordeal.
‘I suspect it’s not our last fight though,’ Carthinal warned them.
Davrael took the horses to the pool first to allow them to drink, and Asphodel filled the water bottles that were empty. They decided that the girls should bathe first, and the men would prepare a fire. It would be cold in the water, and they would need a fire to get warm since there was little warmth in the sun as yet. Asphodel, Kimi and Randa set off and soon sounds of splashing and squeals could be heard from behind the bushes. Soon the three reappeared, dressed in their armour, but with hair dripping wet and hanging loose. Fero stared at Randa with open mouth. She had not had her hair down since she had arrived, it having been in her helmet or bound around her head. Basalt heard a slight intake of breath. He looked at Fero and noticed the expression on the tall man’s face. Fero saw the dwarf looking at him.
‘Such hair!’ he breathed. ‘It’s like moonlight rippling over the sea. Never have I seen such beautiful hair.’
‘Yeah!’ replied the dwarf. ‘A pity she’s not as beautiful in character as her hair.’
Fero sighed and drew his eyes away from the girl. ‘Yes. A beautiful exterior, but inside she is ugly. Maybe an adventure such as this would change her. However, Carthinal seems determined to send her home.’
‘I wouldn’t bet on her going, my friend. That young lady is used to getting her own way and can be as stubborn as we mountain dwarfs,’ was the reply as Basalt remembered their tussle of wills in the library over who was to go down to the secret room first.
Carthinal, Fero, Basalt and Davrael then moved to the pool. Davrael noticed that Thad was sitting by the fire and making no move to go with them.
‘Come on then,’ he called to the boy.
‘I don’t need a damn bath. I’ve got the flippin’ blood off,’ the boy replied in a rather surly manner.
‘Oh yes you do. You owe it to us. We don’t want to be smelling you for the rest of the journey,’ Basalt told him.
‘Nor tempting any more wild animals. They will be able to smell you for ten leagues at least.’ Fero told him, smiling.
‘No!’ There was almost panic in the boy’s voice.
‘We’ll have to strip him and throw him in then,’ Fero and Bas advanced menacingly towards the thief.
‘Stop! I can’t bathe with you.’ Thad was nearly in tears.
‘What’s the problem, Thad?’ asked Asphodel gently, signalling to the others to stop teasing.
‘Promise you won’t tell anyone?’ he looked at them all. ‘All of you! Promise! Swear by Kassilla?’
They all looked puzzled, but then, one by one they all agreed not to tell whatever Thad was about to reveal.
‘I can’t bathe with you guys because I’m not a boy, I’m a girl!’
The silence that this announcement met was thunderous.
Then Asphodel said, ‘All right. You men go off and bathe and Thad can come after on his, er… her own. Go on then.’ This last as no one had moved.
After they had all bathed, they sat around the fire to get warm and Thad said, ‘I think I’d better tell you the truth. I didn’t leave ’Ambara because o’ my bleedin’ fence. ’E still, like, don’t know as I stole the damn horse thingy back. I’d better begin at the beginning.’
‘A good place to begin,’ remarked Basalt, gaining himself a glare from Carthinal.
‘Me mother’s a whore,’ the girl began. ‘She used to be one of Madame Dopari’s girls, right? From what she told me, she was bloody good at ’er job. She ’ad a number of regular clients, right, and was makin’ damn good money. Mother were gettin’ large tips from some bloody rich clients, see? Then she made a mistake. She forgot to, like, take the ’erbs to prevent a soddin’ pregnancy. If the girls become pregnant, they either have to, like, get rid of the baby or leave, right? Mother decided to leave and ’ave me. OK? She ’ad money, and could live well. So she thought. The money didn’t last long, o’ course, and so we ’ad to go to live in the bleedin’ Warren. Mother ’ad to return to whorin’ to keep us alive. She don’t know no other way to make money, see. But the whores in th’ Warren don’t earn much of a livin’, no matter ’ow good they are. Rich clients go to places like Madame Soddin’ Dopari’s, and th’ poor can’t pay much. Some clients was a bit rough too.
‘One day, when I were about nine or ten, I over’eard a conversation in which Mother’s like:  “When Thadda’s a woman, I’ll take ’er ter Madame Dopari. She c’n then earn enough money fer us t’ live better and’ I c’n stop being a ’ore.”
‘I knew what me mother did for a livin’; there were only a thin wall between ’er room ’n’ mine, right? I c’d ’ear everythin’, like. I couldn’t bear ter think o’ that ’appenin’ ter me. Not for soddin’ money, like. Takin’ any man who bleedin’ well comes? No! That’s not so cool.
‘Then one day, just after me twelfth birthday it ’appened. I had me first bleedin’, an’ so I packed up a few things an’ left, right? I called meself Thad, cut me ’air to look more like a damn boy, wore boy’s clothes, an’ disappeared into th’ Warren. OK? (That’s quite easy y’ know.) For a while I begged. There’s good pickings near th’ temples for beggars. People feel so guilty and all that. Want ter salve their consciences or summat. Then I were found by a man, whose name don’t matter, an’ ’e taught me ter be a thief, see?
‘Just afore you left ’Ambara, I learnt that Mother ’ad found out that I were posin’ as a boy, like, an’ that I were now a bleedin’ good thief, right? It wouldn’t be long afore she found me, see, an’ so I went to th’ inn ter look for you, but you’d already left. I followed and ’ere I am.’
‘Carthinal,’ said Asphodel, turning to the half-elf, ‘You can’t send her back! Not if her mother is going to find her and send her to that...that place!’
‘No. No, I can’t, you’re right, Asphodel.’ He turned to the frightened, young girl. ‘Thad, I will not be responsible for you being forced into prostitution. I’m not happy about the dangers you’ll face with us, but I will not send you back against your will.’
‘Also,’ said the girl shyly, ‘Me name’s Thadora. Me mother called me Thadda sometimes when I were little. You c’n call me either, but I would like to leave Thad be’ind now. He don’t exist no more.’
CHAPTER 22

ROFFLEY

About four days later, at around noon, the little band reached the small town of Roffley. It was situated on the banks of the Brundella near to where it made a southward turn, heading for the Inner Sea. There were signs of the flood that had so tragically taken the lives of Carthinal and Asphodel’s travelling companions, but it had now retreated leaving the ground at the side of the road soggy and wet. The party had stayed at an inn that they had come across about half way between Roffley and Hambara. They had been grateful for the comforts it offered after sleeping rough for some days. Now as they entered Roffley, they were again looking forward to sleeping in proper beds again, and eating food that was not either rabbit or dried rations.
The town was very small. It boasted of little more than a main street and a market square. They entered the town from the West through a gate in the surrounding walls. The walls did not look very strong, and in fact were in poor repair in places. Basalt commented that with a few dwarves, he could make the town a fortress in a week, but was appalled at how the townsfolk had neglected their defences.
‘I suppose it isn’t necessary in times of peace,’ pointed out Randa, ‘and it’s only a very small town. Not one of great strategic importance for it to warrant much input from elsewhere. I expect the townsfolk are too poor to pay for the upkeep of the walls.’
Asphodel was appalled at the seeming callousness of the remark, intimating as it did that the people of Roffley were of no importance, but she bit her tongue and refrained from making the comment that sprung to her lips. After all, Carthinal intended Randa to return to Hambara from here, so they would no longer have to put up with her arrogance.
They walked along the main street, which was cobbled, between close buildings on either side. They were looking for an inn so they could have somewhere to stay. The people in the road made it difficult for them, to pass, especially as they all seemed to stop to stare at the group. After all, a half-elf mage, an elven curate of Sylissa, a dwarf bristling with weapons, an exceptionally tall dark-skinned stranger, a young red headed girl, two Horselords and a tall, aristocratic young lady made strange travelling companions.
Eventually, they arrived in the market square, and all stopped to admire the market hall. It dominated the square to the extent of almost completely filling it. It comprised of a low wall, about three feet high, interspersed with occasional gaps for entry, down the two long sides, which were about fifty yards long. The two short sides were open, with steps leading up to a raised floor. At intervals all around the building were pillars of oak supporting a roof. On the two open sides they were mounted on stone pillars, and on the longer sides were on the low wall. These columns were also inside the building in two rows, holding up the roof. When they looked up, they saw the structure of beams supporting the roof, a strangely beautiful pattern, but very strong.
‘This hall will be here for centuries to come.’ commented Basalt, his dwarven admiration for construction coming to the fore.
‘P’raps so, but we so don’t want ter wait ter see if you’re right,’ Thadora said. ‘Look, isn’t that a damn inn over there?’ and she pointed towards the far end of the square to a building which seemed larger than the shops on either side of the market hall.
They made their way towards the building, which proved indeed to be an inn, called the Black Cat. They entered and were greeted by the proprietor.
‘Ah! Strangers, I see. And what can I be getting for you? Ale, wine, spirits, rooms, maybe?’
‘Yes, we would like rooms first.’ Randa stepped forward and took over just as Carthinal was about to speak. ‘I need a room to myself, of course, and I suppose the Horselords would like one for themselves as well. Two others will suffice for the rest.’
While the others stood open-mouthed at her presumption to decide sleeping arrangements for them all, the innkeeper replied, ‘I’m sorry, but I can’t accommodate your demands. We’re rather full with the Festival coming up. I could manage to squeeze you into two rooms, but four is out of the question.’
Randa was about to remonstrate with the innkeeper, but Carthinal quickly interrupted her.
‘We’ll take the two rooms, please,’ he said, throwing Randa a glare that made her physically recoil, ‘and I’ll have some ale. What about the rest of you?’
When they had ordered, Carthinal once more reminded Randa that she was not travelling with her father, or even as herself. She was, he reminded her, incognito. She was not going to get, or even ask for, any preferential treatment. The alternative to staying in the inn, crowded as it may be, was sleeping out in the woods again.
To her credit, Randa appeared sorry, and said as much to Carthinal.
‘I am so used to having everyone run round and do whatever I wish, that it is very difficult to remember that I’m not Lady Randa here,’ she replied somewhat uncharacteristically.
The landlady, a plump good-natured woman in her middle years, was eager to talk to them of the town's celebrations whilst there was a lull in the business of the inn.
‘We have to work so hard here in Roffley and the surroundings,’ she told them, ‘That we really look forward to the festivals. We always dress in our best for the gods.’
She looked pointedly at the group of adventurers in their armour and dusty travelling clothes.
‘We don’t have much in the way of decent clothing with us, I’m afraid,’ apologised Asphodel. ‘We have had to travel light, but we would very much like to celebrate the New Year here. Several of us worship Grillon in particular, and the rest of us revere him. Will it be particularly bad if we are not dressed in our best?’
‘Oh, don’t you worry too much about that,’ smiled the landlady. ‘I have seven daughters, ranging in age from fifteen to thirty. I’m sure we can find you something that fits. If you would be willing to borrow clothes that is,’ she added, looking at Randa.

Randa seemed to visibly swallow her pride, and she replied, to the surprise of the others, ‘That is very kind of you. I think we would be very grateful to take up your offer,’ but she looked as though she had eaten something nasty as she said it.
‘I’ll send Mandreena, my youngest, to you. She’ll help you to choose, and maybe do any alterations that are needed, but we’ll need to see about it quickly. And you young men, she went on, can look through the shirts and trousers belonging to my sons if you have none of your own.’
‘I have a change of clothing in my pack,’ replied Fero, ‘but thanks for your kind offer.’
The other men also thanked Tramora, as she was called, but Basalt noted that she was unlikely to have anything to fit a dwarf. Davrael said that he had a clean shirt, but Carthinal accepted the offer as his change was a clean scarlet robe, and he wished not to wear his robes at an occasion such as this.
The girls spent the rest of the afternoon trying on dresses in the company of Mandreena. She was a lively, talkative girl, and made friends easily. She especially took to Thadora, being almost the same age. Randa was making a special effort not to order anyone around or be too snooty about the dresses, although they were much inferior to even her oldest clothes. They chose dresses and Mandreena took them away for the small alterations that were needed, saying that she could soon have them ready. The others bathed and got themselves clean and then felt much better.
That evening, the little band of questers decided to have a meal and to go to bed early since the next day promised to be long. They all wished to rise at dawn to worship at the stone circle as well as to take a part in the celebrations later.
The next morning, they all rose before dawn. They wore their travelling clothes as it was not necessary to dress up until later for the feast, but Carthinal decided to wear his clean robes as they were going to worship the god. So leaving their weapons and armour behind in the inn, they walked the short distance to the circle, which was just outside of the town, along with most of the rest of the village and surrounding farms. Many farmers were carrying lambs or kids, or leading calves, the first born of the new season, to be sacrificed to Grillon.
When they reached the circle, they were surprised to be ushered into the centre. It seemed that because of her status as a cleric, Asphodel was being given a place of honour, and her companions were included. They found themselves sitting next to the Baron of Roffley and his family, and although they said that they would be happy with the rest of the crowd, the priestess in charge insisted, and so they were accommodated inside the circle.
Farmers then began to progress towards the altar in the centre of the circle, which had been decked in a green cloth and green branches. Then the farmers brought their young animals forward in a procession towards the altar. Huntsmen with a live catch followed them. To their surprise, Fero stood and joined the huntsmen, pulling a small wriggling rabbit out of his pocket.
‘It’s not much, but some sacrifice from us may persuade the gods to help us in our quest,’ he whispered to the others, who looked amazed, wondering where he had got the animal. Fero said nothing, but just grinned at their expressions.
The priestess spoke words of blessing over the animals, and then selected one lamb for immediate sacrifice. (The rest would be sacrificed later in the morning.) She placed the hapless creature down onto the altar and, with a sharp knife, she quickly killed it by slitting its jugular vein and then allowed the blood to run into a bowl.
When the bowl was full, she held it aloft saying, ‘Lord Grillon, accept the offer of the blood of this lamb, and give fertility to all our beasts that we may prosper in the coming year.’
She then drank some of the blood, and placed the bowl back on the altar with the lamb’s carcass.
Then she raised her hands in the air, saying, ‘All praise to the Lord Grillon.’
The congregation replied, ‘All glory to the Lord Grillon.’
Finally she said, ‘All honour to the Lord Grillon.’
Then, she blessed the farmers and huntsmen who had come with the animals and called down Grillon’s blessing on all the people of Roffley and its neighbouring farmsteads.
After this, she spoke to the assembled people. She had, she told them, studied the moons and the almanacs for this day, and the portends were not good. Tonight, the first of the New Year, it was the dark of the moon, Lyndor, but Ullin would just be seen as a sliver of light as it was waning. This indicated a time of evil and despair to come in the year just dawning. They must trust in the gods of good to help all mortals through this time that was coming.
After some more praise and prayers, the congregation left the circle. It was still only one and a half-hours after the dawning of this first day of Grildar, and so there was time to kill before the feast. Since there would be merrymaking throughout the night, the adventurers decided to go back to the Black Cat to rest until it was time to change for the rest of the day’s festivities. Once there, Mandreena accosted them. She insisted that Thadora go with her to see the Wanderers. These people were travellers who rarely stayed in one spot for long. They were reputed to have the second sight, and to be able to predict the future as well as being excellent entertainers. They would be giving the entertainment during the feast, Mandreena told them, but maybe they would be willing to tell the girls something of their futures. Glancing at Carthinal as though for permission, Thadora left for the excitement of the Wanderer camp. Asphodel reminded her of her promise not to steal from anyone, and to return in time to get ready for the feast.
The girls exited the inn in great excitement. They passed through the Market Hall, which was being decorated in greenery for the coming feast, and went on through the village. There was a delicious smell of baking bread from the baker’s shop, but all the doors were closed.
‘That’s for the feast,’ Mandreena told her. ‘Everyone gives something today. The Baron lends us his cooks, farmers give meat and we at the inn give the wine and ale. The fish is from the river, courtesy of the fishermen, and there is always game from the huntsmen. I defy you to eat some of everything!’
Eventually, on the north side of the village, was the Wanderer camp. There were brightly coloured wagons everywhere in a seemingly haphazard pattern. Children and dogs were underfoot on every side, there were adults cooking, changing, washing clothes and themselves, and practising the various skills they were going to show at the feast. It was a noisy, lively place, the like of which Thadora had never seen before. She had considered herself very worldly wise, coming as she did from the Warren in Hambara and surviving on the streets there, but so far on this journey, she was finding out that there were many things she did not know. Far more than she did know in fact, and she was a little nonplussed to find there was so much new in the world. She was also surprised to realise that she would have difficulty surviving in the countryside, just as those from here would have problems where she came from.
Soon they found what Mandreena had been looking for. A wagon with an eye painted on the side was standing near the northern edge of the camp. It had a variety of other signs and symbols painted on it, none of which Thadora recognised. Mandreena approached the wagon and ascended the steps leading up to the door. She knocked loudly, and was rewarded by an answer.
‘Who seeks knowledge of the future?’ a voice replied.
‘It is Mandreena of the Black Cat and Thadora of Hambara,’ Mandreena replied.
‘Enter, then, Mandreena of the Black Cat and Thadora of Hambara. You may come in either singly or together, as you wish. Have you the customary payment?’
‘Yes,’ both girls replied, as they opened the door.
The interior of the wagon was dim, to say the least. There was a smell of oil lamps, but only a single red candle was burning on a table. The girls could make out a thick red cloth covering the table, and plenty cushions scattered about. These were large and comfortable looking, and were largely in red, deep greens, blues, and gold. Seated on the only visible chair behind the table was the figure of an old woman, dressed in the colourful dress of the Wanderers. She beckoned to the girls.
‘Come in, come in. It’s not warm enough for these old bones to be in the draught from the door, although I doubt I’ll be willing enough for it to be open come summer. What have we here then? A girl and her sweetheart maybe? I thought you gave two girl’s names! But wait. Now I see. You are indeed two girls, although one of you is dressed in boy’s clothing. No doubt it will all be clear after your readings. Well, who wants to be first?’
‘You go first, Thadora,’ whispered Mandreena, seeming to lose her courage a little in the oppressive atmosphere of the wagon.
Thadora stepped forward, offered the customary silver piece to the old fortune-teller, and was waved to a seat.
‘You sit down over there,’ the old woman told Mandreena, and then proceeded to hand a small crystal ball to Thadora. ‘I want you to hold this in one hand while I look at your other palm, so it can absorb some of your aura. Let me see your left hand first please.’
Thadora did as she was bid and the old woman took her hand and pondered it deeply.
‘I see you have had a happy childhood, in spite of great deprivation,’ she whispered. ‘Then something happened, and after that, life was very tough. You are a strong girl, and you overcame this. I think this was why you dress as a boy. You have had little in the way of the love of a man, as yet. There is also something missing in your past. Maybe you never knew your father? Yet you have a sister, I see.’
Thadora looked sharply at the old woman.
‘No. No sister. Nor brother either. There were just Mother and me.’
The old woman continued as though Thadora had not spoken.
‘You seem to have been seeking something or someone.’
Thadora opened her mouth to deny this, but the old woman continued.
‘Let me see your other hand.’
Thadora changed the crystal ball to her left hand and gave her right hand to the clairvoyant.
‘Whatever or whoever it was you were seeking you seem to have given up, but you will find it fairly soon. A change is about to come about in your life. It may have just happened, or it is just about to happen. You have a great destiny, child.’ She looked up into Thadora’s eyes. ‘If you accept this destiny, life will be difficult and dangerous. If you refuse it, life will be easier for you, but the consequences for the world will be dire.’
She reached out and took the ball, at the same time extinguishing the candle. They were plunged into complete darkness. Mandreena gave a little muffled scream, and then was silent.
The old woman’s voice came from the blackness. ‘You have the health and strength of mind for the task ahead of you. That much I can see from your aura, which is very strong in this darkness. There are Guardians watching over you, to protect you, though you are not aware of them.’ She then looked in the crystal. ‘There are images here also of seven companions. Eight are needed for the task ahead, which is but a beginning and all may not see its end. I can see mountains, snow, and death very near. Help from unexpected sources. Now a valley, beautiful it is with a lake set in a beautiful, magical forest. Yet there is dark magic here. You must beware. I can see no more. The rest is hidden in swirling mists. Choose your path well, young Thadora. The right path is not always the easy one. May the gods go with you.’
There was the sound of flint on steel, and the candle once more fluttered to life. The old woman peered at Thadora through the dimness, but said nothing more. She then turned to Mandreena for her turn.
Mandreena’s fortune was much more mundane, but she seemed happy with the usual predictions of a happy and fulfilled life as the wife of a handsome farmer, and with lots of children to come.
As the girls left the wagon of the fortune-teller, Mandreena could not help but ask Thadora a little about what the fortune-teller had told her. Thadora told the other girl that although she had no sister that she knew about, she did not know her father, and he could have another daughter somewhere. She did not say anything of her mother’s profession however. Mandreena then asked about the quest they were on.
‘I can’t say nothin’ ’bout that,’ replied the young thief, importantly. ‘I’m sorry, Mandreena.’
‘What about your friends?’ went on the other girl. ‘That Carthinal is very fit. I bet you fancy him, don’t you? I know I do. Are you going to try to get him to go to the woods with you tonight?’
Thadora blushed. ‘No. O’ course not,’ she replied.
‘Why not? If you don’t, someone else will. Trust me. A man that good looking will not pass this night alone.’
‘He’s got a girlfriend already, like,’ Thadora retorted.
‘One of your group? That tall, beautiful girl or the pretty elf? I must say, I don’t like the blond much. She’s a bit too fond of herself if you ask me.’
‘No. Some elf back in ’Ambara, I think, but I’ve never met ’er. She’s a mage too.’
‘Well, tell me about him anyway. Where’s he from?’
‘He comes from Blue’aven, right, and came to ’Ambara to take his apprenticeship exams. ’E passed very well, I think. With distinction, me sources tell me. But, ’e, like, scares me a bit. ’e has a fierce temper, yer know.’
‘It’s the red hair,’ said Mandreena, knowingly, glancing at Thadora’s unruly red curls. ‘To tell the truth, that other one, the Horselord scares me more, but go on.’
Thadora suddenly realised that she knew nothing more of Carthinal, and when she considered more deeply, she also realised that she knew no more about the others, except for Randa. The conversation was getting too personal, and she wanted to think about what the clairvoyant had told her, so she told Mandreena that she wanted to go back to the inn to rest in preparation for the celebrations later.
As she walked, she wondered. Here she was with seven people that she knew nothing at all about. She was about to go off into the wilds with them. Her mother would have a fit if she knew. She smiled at that thought, then began to wonder if it was in fact wise to trust these strangers. Yet trust them she did. She entered the inn, still deep in thought, and ascended the stairs to the room she was sharing with the other girls. They were all three there, asleep, or resting, and she threw herself on her bed and fell asleep herself.
Kimi aroused her a little later telling her it was time to begin to get ready. Already the others had bathed, so she went down to the bathhouse and had a bath. On her return to the room, the others were getting into their dresses and doing their hair. Kimi had tidied Asphodel’s roughly cut hair with a pair of scissors borrowed from Tramora, and it looked much better. She offered to do the same for Thadora. Afterwards, Thadora had to agree that it looked and felt much better. Her red curls seemed to fall around her face in a way that flattered her features and she smiled at the result as she looked into the small silver mirror that Randa produced.
‘You look more like a girl now,’ said Mandreena, entering the room to help them to dress, ‘although you’ll look much better when your hair’s grown. You’ll be really pretty with long hair and wearing a dress.’
Thadora grimaced at the thought of wearing dresses and privately vowed that even if she got back to Hambara she would revert to her previous persona if it were the only way to avoid it.
Mandreena had brought with her some jewellery for them to wear. It was only cheap imitation jewellery, but they thanked her for her kindness, and although Randa had to bite back some remarks about it, she accepted it gratefully.
Eventually, after much laughter and discussion about how to do Randa’s hair, the girls were ready. It was fifteen minutes before the sixth hour, but Randa suggested they keep the men waiting.
‘It doesn’t do to seem too eager,’ she told them. ‘We’ll make an entrance. We’ll wait until we hear them go down, then wait another five minutes or so before going down ourselves.’
This they agreed to as Randa knew more about this sort of thing than any of the rest of them, but it was an impatient wait as they were all eager to get to the festivities. Eventually Randa told them the men had waited long enough.
The four girls came to the top of the stairs, and decided to go down one at a time for maximum effect. Each of them paused briefly at the top of the stairs and then slowly descended.
Thadora was wearing a green dress almost the exact colour of her eyes, which sparkled with excitement. The imitation emeralds at her throat and ears gave off green fire in the light, and her red curls set off the image to perfection.
‘Thadora,’ smiled Carthinal, ‘You look lovely. I hadn’t realised how pretty you were under all that dirt.’
Thadora then spoiled the image by sticking out her tongue at him and coming out with a few choice swear words, and they all laughed.
Kimi was wearing a lemon dress, with a skirt that trailed slightly at the back. She was wearing “diamonds” at her ears and throat, and had a “gold” bracelet on her wrist. Her hair was done in its usual braids, but they had been pulled up onto the top of her head, revealing her very pretty neck. Davrael was entranced at how lovely she looked and hugged her hard, earning a reprimand for disturbing her clothes.
Randa looked very dignified, having done this sort of thing many times before, although never in an inn. She had chosen to wear a dress of her favourite sky blue. It was cut very low, revealing her exquisite breasts and it clung to her as she moved, revealing her almost perfect figure. Round her neck was a necklace of imitation aquamarines the exact colour of her eyes. The girls had eventually decided that her hair was her best feature, (although Mandreena had remarked that all her features were her best feature) and so it was left loose, falling in a silvery gold rain down her back.
‘Close your mouth, ranger,’ Basalt whispered to Fero as the tall man gazed at her in awe.
Finally Asphodel came down. She paused and looked down at the men. Fero in his usual black, shirt and breeches, hair tied back with a black leather thong, and a silver earring in one ear; Basalt, in a brown shirt was also in black breeches. She looked at Davrael. He was wearing what was obviously the dress of his tribe. Dark brown leather breeches with a green shirt, covered by a tunic of brown leather, tooled with many symbols. On his head he was wearing a multicoloured headband to keep his long hair out of his eyes. Finally she regarded Carthinal. He was wearing an indigo silk shirt. His breeches were a pale fawn colour and his auburn hair was brushed until it gleamed, and hung loose around his head. She smiled at him, as she came slowly down the stairs. Her red dress made a dramatic statement against her black hair. She had a shawl of black wool draped over her shoulders, adding to the drama of the dress. The dress itself was fitted to her figure and both revealed and concealed. Around her neck was a necklace of a single piece of jet set in a gold surround, and she had similar jet earrings in her ears. She slowly descended the stairs, noticing that she was making quite an impression, not only on her own party, but also on others in the common room too. Once all the girls were down the stairs, the eight of them moved out of the inn to the market square where the feast was to be held.
It was a merry occasion, held in the market hall. Everyone in the village was there. The four girls were glad they had taken the opportunity of borrowing dresses, as everyone else was looking their best. A table at the near end of the Hall was set across the others, and there was seated the Baron and his family. The other tables were set down the long sides of the hall, one on each side to allow space in the centre for both the entertainment and the ease of serving.
Carthinal found eight seats, four on each side of the table, and they sat down. After a brief benediction from the cleric, they found themselves plied with drinks. Then the first course, a spicy mutton soup, was served. Serving girls served each course, and then went to sit down to eat their own food. Between each course, there was some kind of entertainment. First came jugglers who came in juggling balls, but eventually were juggling anything that came to hand; knives and forks, drinking goblets, fruit of various kinds or anything else left loose on the tables. When the jugglers left, the serving girls came round with plates of steaming fish, caught in the river, and eaten with a fine white wine from the cellars of the Baron. After the fish, the entertainment was acrobats who amazed the feasters with their agility. Then came the main course. Platters of meat were carried out and set on the table. Much of the meat was from the sacrificed animals, and so there was a great variety. Bowls of fresh vegetables, and bread warm from the oven were also served with the meat, along with a choice of red wine or ale. Basalt chose to drink the ale of course, but the others drank the wine, which flowed freely. As soon as a goblet was emptied, a server or a neighbour re-filled it. It seemed everyone was intent on getting everyone else inebriated.
The next entertainment was a “mage” whom Carthinal said was nothing more than a man clever at sleight of hand, and not true magic. What he was doing did not disturb the mana at all, as true magic would do. However, this did not detract from the enjoyment of the spectacle as he drew doves from a hat, and coins from behind people’s ears.
After this, there were chunks of local cheeses with butter and more fresh bread, and of course, wine or ale, and finally the meal concluded with a dessert made with apples and sweet pastry, and a variety of other sweetmeats.
During this course, a bard came into the centre of the Hall and began to pluck his instrument. Silence fell, and he began to sing. It was a song of the legend of Grillon and Parador.

‘One day the Lord of Nature was walking all alone
When beside a hidden pool a lovely sight was shown.
For bathing in the moonlight, where no-one should have been
Was a beauteous maiden, the loveliest he’d e’er seen.


‘Lord Grillon lost his heart to her
This maiden oh so fair.
He vowed that she would be his own
His life with her would share.


‘He showed himself at once to her
As forward he did tread.
She said “And who are you, good sir?
Should you not be abed?”

‘“Oh lovely maid, my love, my life,
I ne’er will rest again.
Unless you come to be my wife
My heart will feel such pain.”

‘And so fair Parador was wed
To Grillon. She agreed
To always sleep within his bed
And others ne’er to heed.

‘But evil now will turn to dust
That love and bliss
For Barnat after her did lust
And swore she’d be his.

‘He poisoned Grillon’s mind and said
She was untrue
That she had been into his bed
And others too.

‘Lord Grillon he was truly sad
That she should treat him so.
He thought that he’d go truly mad
So far from her he’d go.

‘Now Parador had done no wrong
To deserve this fate.
She could not any more be strong
Beneath Lord Grillon’s hate.

‘So mourn she did and all the world
Did join with her in sorrow.
All green things died and creatures curled
All safely in their burrow.
‘But in good time, Lord Grillon found
How false the god of war.
He came to her and he reclaimed
The love of his wife once more.

‘So once again the land grew green
And springtime came again.
And summer’s warmth and life serene
While she forgot her pain.

‘And so each year the land remembers
The love of Parador
And autumn comes and winter’s embers
Till Spring returns once more.’

The story of Parador and Grillon having been told once more, the tables were cleared and moved out of the way. There was to be dancing until sunset when the bonfires were due to be lit. Small tables were set around the outside of the hall, and also the taverns set out tables. It seemed that there was still some expected drinking to be done here. A small group of musicians set themselves up at one end of the building and began to play. Soon the space was filled with people dancing. Fero and Basalt were not too sure of the dances as they were Grosmerian dances, but the others joined in with gusto. Soon, with a little more ale, and not a small swig or two from Basalt’s flask of dwarven spirits, the dwarf and ranger were persuaded to have a go at a dance that was danced in a circle, and performed quite competently.
Just as the sun set, someone rang a bell to indicate that the bonfires were to be lit. There were fires at all the cardinal points of the town, and so the throng of people went in four different directions. The friends were in the middle of the hall, and found themselves separated by the milling people. Carthinal saw Fero’s dark head above the crowd, being swept away towards the south. He could see no one else except Asphodel, and he quickly grabbed hold of her hand.
‘We’ll go with the flow, Asphodel,’ he told her. ‘The others can take care of themselves. We’ll see them at the inn later, or tomorrow morning.’
‘But what about Thadora?’ Asphodel looked a little concerned. ‘She’s hardly more that a child. Not yet sixteen.’
‘Two points, Asphodel. One, Thadora is only a few days away from sixteen, if she is to be believed, and two, she’s looked after herself in the Warren at Hambara for about four years, so I don’t expect harm to come to her here. Anyway, you’re not her mother.’
‘Well, yes. You’re right of course. Let’s go and enjoy the fires.’
So the two went towards the eastern fire. By the time they reached it, it was burning brightly. A circle had formed, and the people were dancing round and round the flames. The pair managed to insert themselves into the ring and joining hands with the others were soon being pulled madly round in a circle. This dance was said to date back to the earliest times and to represent the turning of the seasons, the fire being the sun around which the planet of Vimar moved. Others said that it represented the wheel of life, with souls being constantly reborn. Whatever the meaning or origins, it was a tradition, and great fun. Soon, people became hot and thirsty, and more drink was provided at a table near the fire. The tables by the fires were run by the taverns and inns in Roffley, and were run as a business, so now the drinks were paid for. Water was free, however, so Carthinal and Asphodel had a goblet of water each, then they followed it with a goblet of wine. They sat down on a log placed there for that purpose.

‘I’m feeling a little giddy,’ Asphodel confessed. ‘How much have we had to drink this afternoon?’
‘I washn’t counting,’ replied Carthinal, ‘but I exshpect it was rather more than we think. My wine goblet sheemed to be alwaysh full. Maybe it wash one of those fabled magic onesh that never runsh dry!’ He laughed at the idea.
‘You’re slurring your words, Carthinal,’ said Asphodel. ‘I think you’re drunk!’
‘And you’re not, I suppose?’
‘A little merry, maybe. Look, the fire’s burning down. People are disappearing too.’ She shivered.
‘You’re cold. Do you want to go back to the inn?’
‘No. Not tonight. Not on Grillon’s Night. Let’s walk for a little. I’ve got my shawl, and walking will keep us warm.’
They set off walking around the outskirts of the village. After they had walked for a while, talking of this and that inconsequential thing and laughing a lot, a light shower surprised them. Ahead of them they could see a dark shape suggesting a farmer’s barn.
‘Let’s shelter there,’ said Carthinal, pulling Asphodel after him in the direction of the barn.
‘As long as there are no dogs like Bramble,’ she replied, running hard to keep up.
They reached the barn, pushed open the door and nearly fell in. They were both wet. A surprised cow turned her head to look at them. Her expression of surprise made them both begin to laugh again. Never had a cow seemed so funny. They clung together, laughing until their stomachs ached. Then Carthinal was taken by an impulse. He bent his head and kissed Asphodel. She stopped laughing immediately, put her arms round his neck, and kissed him back.
‘Let’s go up into the loft. There will be some hay there,’ Carthinal whispered in her ear, tracing its pointed shape with his finger. In reply, Asphodel led the way towards the ladder, climbing it rather unsteadily.

Carthinal heard a cock crowing, then a slight tickling on his cheek. He opened his eyes slowly and saw light beginning to creep through a high window to his right. He felt something thump lightly onto his chest, and then small, sharp needles began to prick his skin. He opened his eyes wide and looked down. On his chest was a small black and white kitten. It was settling down and purring, kneading his chest with its tiny claws.
‘Hey! No you don’t! That hurts!’ Carthinal protested as he gently removed the small creature, setting it down into the hay. ‘Although maybe not as much as my head!’
Then last night came back to him. He looked over to his left and saw Asphodel asleep in the hay, her nakedness covered by the black shawl she had been wearing. He groaned. This was something he had not intended to happen, although it had been Grillon’s night, when such things were allowed and even expected. He admitted to himself that he felt a strong attraction to the young elf though. He did not remember the walk from the village much, but he recalled a sudden shower, and running into the barn for shelter. 
He remembered kissing Asphodel and, all too clearly, the rest of it. He knew he should not have allowed it to happen. He was not worthy of her, and he respected her too much. He remembered his past life, and buried his head in his hands. Asphodel would not understand the things he had done when he was an orphan boy living with the gangs in the poor quarters of Bluehaven. How he had fought and thieved to stay alive. He could not hurt her by admitting his past life. She would not accept that at all. No, he decided. She deserved more than the man he was. He would let her believe that it was just a Grillon’s night celebration. Yes, that was the best thing. That way she would be hurt the least. He leaned over to her and gently shook her awake.
‘It’s dawn, Asphodel,’ he murmured. ‘We should get back to the inn. We walked farther that I thought last night.’
The young elf stirred in her sleep and then opened her clear grey eyes.
‘Oh, yes,’ she said, and smiled at him.
He thought that her smile would break his heart. He hardened it to her and said, ‘Last night. I’m sorry. It should never have happened,’ he told her. ‘I seem to be apologising for this sort of thing a lot these days,’ he thought to himself.
The girl’s smile faded. ‘I suppose it’s because of your girlfriend in Hambara,’ she replied.
Carthinal was about to ask her ‘What girlfriend?’ when she continued. ‘What is her name? Yssa isn’t it?’
Carthinal decided to let her think that Yssa was the reason for his reluctance, but could not bring himself to say so in so many words. He looked away.
Asphodel took that as affirmation of her assumption. ‘Don’t worry. I’m no threat to her. Last night was Grillon’s night after all and these things are expected to happen. I expect she celebrated in a similar way.’
During this speech, Asphodel was dressing, and had her back turned to Carthinal so did not see the look of pain that her words brought to his face. He was himself surprised at how he felt hurt at her seeming indifference to the previous night’s activities. So it was nothing more than a Grillon’s Night assignation to her, was it? Well, it was best that way, he thought. She wouldn’t be hurt if that were how she felt, but he felt sad nevertheless that she should look on it as just that, in spite of the fact that he was also relieved that she would not be hurt by his reaction to the event.
‘Come on then, get dressed and we’ll go back. I expect we both need some more sleep. It wasn’t incredibly comfortable up here.’
They finished dressing and then climbed down the ladder. The cow looked at them again, this time pleadingly; it was time for her to be milked.
‘Never mind, old girl,’ Carthinal said as they passed her. ‘I expect they’ll be late this morning, but it’s only once a year,’ and he patted the animal as they passed.
So they returned to the inn.
CHAPTER 23

WOLF

They remained for two further days in Roffley in order to gather provisions and to rest, for they knew that the journey in front of them was going to be arduous. They had to cross the formidable Mountains of Doom. Thadora had asked Davrael to teach her to use a short bow, she spent some time practising under his eye, and Asphodel also practised her skills with the sling. Kimi was continuing her knife practice too, and was now using two knives that Davrael had bought for her in Hambara. 
There had been an argument between Randa and Carthinal after discovering that a caravan would be departing for Hambara in the next sixdays. Thadora, rather surprisingly, settled it by telling the group that the old clairvoyant had mentioned eight companions to her, and as she pointed out, the number in the original poem had been unclear. It could well have been eight. So Carthinal agreed, if reluctantly, to Randa’s demand that she accompany them. Basalt was less than convinced and told Carthinal so. He disliked the heiress to Hambara’s dukedom intensely, and she reciprocated. However, he accepted Carthinal’s decision on the matter, but did not have to like it, as he pointed out.
They decided to leave the horses behind at the inn to be cared for by Fat Ander as the innkeeper was known. The journey over the mountains was likely to be difficult for the animals as they had neither of them been bred for mountain work. The horses that did travel the passes over the Mountains of Doom to Erian were a sturdy mountain breed, sure-footed and with thick coats. Fat Ander told them he would allow their animals to run in his fields with his own horses. Payment for any feed or other expenses could be made on the traveller’s return. If they did not return, they agreed that Fat Ander could have the horses. He was more than happy with this, as the value of Storm alone would be worth more than his inn could earn in a year, not to mention the value of a horse like Moonbeam, from Horselord stock.
Randa smiled. ‘I hope he knows what he’s letting himself in for with Storm. He can be very difficult. I wouldn’t put it past him to jump out of the field and go home!’
She was obviously very fond of her wilful stallion.
During the night, Asphodel had a strangely vivid dream, but in the morning, she found it very difficult to recall.
‘I know it had something to do with the way we have to go,’ she told them. ‘I can remember thinking in the dream that this was a true dream, and not one brought about by our discussions earlier. Oh, why can’t I remember it now?’ she exclaimed in frustration. ‘There was a man, sitting on a stone. He looked like a scribe, I think. I think he had ink stains on his fingers and carried quills in his pocket. I can’t remember anything else.’
The description seemed familiar to Davrael and Kimi.
‘It sounds very much like the man whom we saw in the clearing when we were coming to Hambara,’ Kimi told them. ‘We suspected he was Zol. It was so very mysterious.’
‘Try to think as we walk,’ Carthinal told Asphodel. ‘Maybe more of your dream will come to you.’
Relations had been a little strained between them since Grillon’s night, each trying to distance themselves from the other. The rest of them, if they noticed, did not show that they did, and they set off on their travels once more.
Mandreena walked to the edge of the town with them and waved goodbye. 
‘I hope you stop again on your way back,’ she told Thadora. ‘We had a good time together, didn’t we?’
‘Yeah we did. I’m sure we’ll stop. After all, your dad’s got our ’orses!’
With that, they left the town of Roffley behind them.

They stopped for the night by the side of the road. The Mountains were coming nearer, and the land was beginning to rise in low hills as they left the small town. They had seen some farms as they walked, but now they were few and far between and the forest was again beginning to encroach on the road. The river still ran alongside them, and they made use of it for water and washing.
They had found a small dell in the forest, near the river, and they lit a fire, both for cooking and warmth, for it was still quite cold at night. They were more tired than they were before coming to Roffley because they were now having to carry whatever they needed, and the going was consequently slower. They were going to have to rely on catching some game to supplement their rations too. Fero had insisted they buy a rope just in case they had to climb up something in the mountains, and now their money was getting rather low.
They took watch as they had become accustomed to. Fero was watching with Kimi, and they had the last watch before dawn. As they were sitting there, they heard a howl. It was not too near, but Kimi looked across at Fero for confirmation of her assessment that there was no danger. Seeing Fero’s relaxed attitude, she allowed herself to relax too. Then they heard a sound from near the fire. Fero looked round, and saw that Thadora had woken at the sound of the howl, and was sitting bolt upright clutching her sword in her hand. Fero went over to her.
‘It’s all right, Thadda,’ he said, using her pet name to reassure her, ‘That is the cry of a normal wolf. They don’t attack people, especially a well-armed group like we are. Nor do they come near fire.’
‘Those others damn well did,’ was all the reply he got. Thadora looked wild-eyed and Fero tried to reassure her.
‘There was something strange about that group. I told you at the time. A pair of unnaturally intelligent dire wolves was leading them. These others near here are just a normal pack.’
‘ ’Ow d’ yer know?’ Thadora demanded.
‘I saw them yesterday when I was scouting,’ he told her. ‘When the others wake up, we’ll go and look at them. If you watch them for a while, you will see what they are truly like. They are not the fearsome beasts that people tell about in children’s stories, and tales related by travellers in the taverns. Those tales are all made up or greatly embroidered to frighten people or make the tellers seem brave and bold.’
So the early morning saw Fero and Thadora moving through the forest towards where he had seen and heard the wolves. ‘Do you know how to walk quietly, Thadora?’ asked Fero as they neared the place for which he was heading.
‘You know it!’ was the reply. ‘Hey! It’s a requirement o’ th’ job o’ a bloody thief. It’d be so no use if yer wake folk by bangin’ about.’
So silently, they slipped through the rapidly lightning forest until they came out on an escarpment overlooking some flatter land. The trees disappeared here, and they could see the Grosmerian plain spread before them. To the east, the hills continued to rise to meet the mountains, but to the north and west was flatter land. Here and there were dotted small farmsteads, separated by tracts of forest and open countryside. They could just make out the lights coming on in Roffley a day’s journey away, as people rose to their morning tasks. Then Fero held out his hand to warn Thadora to be silent. They wormed their way forward on their stomachs, and looked down from the cliff top to the plain below. They were about twenty feet above the plain here, and below them was a pack of wolves. Thadora watched the animals in fascination. They were obviously a closely-knit group, with the exception of one animal, much paler than the rest, who seemed to hold itself aloof, or the others were ostracising it. Fero whispered that she, (for it was a she-wolf, he told her) was a stranger, and probably trying to join the pack. She had not been there when he caught sight of them yesterday. Maybe she had lost her own pack. He told Thadora that pack sizes were usually between six and ten, but that ten was rare.  ‘More than about eight, and one kill would not suffice, and less than six and the pack would find it difficult to hunt down larger animals like deer,’ he whispered.
He pointed out the alpha male and female to her. The alpha male was a reddish brown animal, quite large, and the alpha female was a smaller, black creature. Fero told Thadora that as a rule, only these two would mate, and the others would help in the rearing of the cubs. Another large black male had begun to sniff at the pale she-wolf. She was cautious and bared her teeth at him, at the same time, crouching down, ears flattened to her head. Of the others, one was obviously much younger, a reddish colour again. She was obviously one of the cubs of the alpha male. There was another black wolf, slightly smaller than the very large one, and two greyish ones, one of which was a small female and the other was a very small adult male. Fero thought that the smaller dark wolf and the greyish female were probably littermates, the way they seemed to stick to each other’s company.
They watched for some time, and Thadora became fascinated. Then the large black wolf sniffed the air as the wind gusted and seemed to change direction and he swung his head in their direction. He gave a sharp bark, and the leader turned and led his pack at a loping trot away from the cliff.
‘Damn!’ swore Fero, ‘Wind changed direction and he smelled us. We’d better get back to the others. They should be ready to leave and we’ve still got our things to pack up.’
‘Thanks, Fero,’ said Thadora on their way back, ‘But, hey, those wolves didn’t seem scary. I don’t think I’ll be such a bloody wuss as far as wolves are concerned in future.’
Fero smiled.
When they got back to the camp, they found that the others had indeed packed up, including Fero and Thadora’s things, and that Basalt had made oatmeal porridge that he said would sustain them well for their trek. Fero and Thadora sat down and took the wooden bowls of porridge that they were handed. The group sat round eating, then when they were finished, they wiped out the bowls, tied them to their packs and were ready to leave. Fero saw to it that the fire was completely out before they left, and they returned to the road.
Thadora was very quiet as they walked along. She was obviously thinking about the wolves. Fero hoped that what she had seen would help her with her fear.
She came up to Fero and asked, ‘’Ow common are th’ colourings o’ that pack, like?’
‘Well now—wolves come in a range of colours ranging from very pale to black. However, the very pale coat of the she-wolf we saw trying to join the pack is not common this far south, although they are more so in the snowy north. Maybe that was why she was without a pack. Sometimes albinos are turned out. However, she wasn’t a true albino. Her eyes were brown and there was some colour to her coat.’
‘Hmm!’ was all the reply he got.
When they stopped for a midday break, Thadora suddenly said, ‘Carthinal, that poem about soddin’ wolves that you ’ad, right? D’you still ’ave it?’
‘Somewhere in one of my pockets. I expect. Did you want me to read it?’
‘No, Mother taught me ter read, so I c’n read it by meself. She learned at  Madame soddin’ Dopari’s, right? It were somethin’ th’ damn Madame insisted all th’ girls learn. Would yer lend it t’ me for a while?’
‘Of course. You can keep it. I don’t know why I’ve still got it, since it seems to have no relevance to us or our quest.’
So Carthinal gave the poem to Thadora and she took it and began to read it.
All the afternoon, Thadora kept perusing the poem as they walked. No one seemed to be able to get anything out of her, and they all thought her behaviour a little odd and out of character, but she was obviously working something out. Fero thought she was trying to work through her fear of wolves, but Kimi had the feeling it was something more. She expressed her thoughts to Davrael.
‘I expect she’ll tell us when she’s good and ready, and not before,’ was the reply she got. Davrael was a man of few words.
‘Yes, you’re right of course,’ Kimi replied, linking her arm through his. He placed his other hand over hers and smiled down at the small young woman with love. They continued in this way in silence. It was not until they stopped for the night that Thadora revealed her thoughts. After they had eaten, she opened the paper with the poem on and began to read it aloud.

‘“The wolves will fight ’gainst every foe
The balance to maintain
But far and wide the pack must go
All borders they disdain.

“The pack contains the strangest group,
The one whose pride comes with her
And one who slips through every loop
The wilful one, the tracker.

“The leader with his anger held,
The ones who hunt the horse
The rock that’s strong completes the meld
And makes the pack a force.

“The wolf pack’s members are filled with zest
And all do have their place
The hunt their foes with ruthlessness
Then vanish without trace.

“In times of danger all must know
The wolf pack will be there.
They work as one. They keep their vow.
For each other they will care.”

‘I think this bleedin’ poem refers to us.’
The others looked at her in surprise.
‘What makes you think that?’ queried Basalt
‘It was, like, when I were watchin’ th’ wolves wi’ Fero. They seemed in lots o’ ways ter be like us, see. Th’ leader was a big, soddin’, reddish brown animal that made me kinda think o’ you, Carthinal, right? There were somethin’ about ’im that seemed so kinda dangerous, but hey, ’e didn’t show any behaviour to th’ others that made my feelin’ logical, see? I think it were just that ’e seemed ter be holdin’ somethin’ inside o’ ’imself, right? You give me that feelin’ too, Carthinal. An’ that, wi’ ’is colouring an’ all were what made me, like, think o’ you. 
Then I looked at th’ others. We was all bleedin’ well there. A small black wolf, the alpha female Fero called ’er, was you, Asphodel. Small and pretty, but wi’ plenty o’ spirit you know. Then there were a damn big, black wolf that were obviously Fero. A little distant, yer know. I noticed that ’e sometimes wandered off, sniffin’ around—fer game I suppose, or danger. 
A small reddish one, much younger than the rest were me, see, while th’ two ’oo was littermates and was always together was Davrael and Kimi. Th’ male o’ these was black too. Th’ other two were obviously Basalt, a small adult wolf, and a light-coloured female for Randa. The pale wolf were findin’ it hard ter get accepted inter th’ pack, a bit like Randa is wi’ us, like. (Sorry Randa, but it’s true, ain’t it?) Then th’ large black, Fero, showed interest in th’ pale wolf. Don’t look away, Fero. I’ve seen yer eyes on Randa when you think no one’s lookin’.’
At this comment, Fero looked embarrassed and Randa looked annoyed, but Thadora continued, ‘So I wanted ter look at th’ damn poem again, right? Here is ’ow I sees it. Th’ wolf pack in th’ poem is us. OK? I’ll ignore th’ first verse as I don’t know what that means. Th’ second starts to describe th’ wolves. “The one whose pride comes with her” is Randa. Hey, you are rather proud an’ ’aughty yer know, Randa, and th’ “one who slips through every loop” puzzled me at first, but I think it’s me. I seem to allus manage ter get away when some bleedin’ person is on me track for some damn scrape or other. 
Now the “wilful one” I think is Asphodel, right? You told us you ’ad to leave ’Ambara because you ’ad annoyed the bleedin’ Great Father o’ th’ temple by disobeyin’ orders because yer didn’t agree wi’ them. That’s wilful! And “tracker” is obviously Fero, OK?’ She paused for breath and looked round at them. They were all looking at her with interest.
‘“The leader” is Carthinal, right?’ she continued. ‘You seem to ’ave a ’idden anger too, Sometimes not so idden, either, Carthinal, so that fits in wi’ “with his anger held.” “The ones who hunt the horse” are Davrael and Kimi, though strictly speaking you don’t ’unt ’orses, but ’erd ’em; and finally, Basalt is “the rock that’s strong.” Basalt is, I think, a rock. Is it strong?
‘I’ve not got no further wi’ th’ meanin’ o’ th’ first verse, but th’ last obviously means that we must stick t’gether and be as a wolf pack.’
‘Maybe,’ said Basalt sceptically, ‘but it could just be coincidence, couldn’t it?’
‘I think Thadora is right,’ Randa disagreed, surprisingly agreeing with Thadora and earning a sharp look from Basalt, and a murmur of  ‘Of course. Never do to agree with a dwarf!’
‘Basalt, don’t be like that,’ whispered Kimi. ‘She’s a right to voice her own opinion.’
The dwarf stopped grumbling and sat scowling to himself instead.
Randa continued, ‘Look at it this way then. We were unsure as to how many of us there should be. This poem makes that quite clear. There should be eight of us. It makes it clear who should be here.’ Here she threw a glance at Carthinal and Basalt who had been reluctant to have her in the group at first. ‘Those wolves that Thadora and Fero were watching served to jog Thadora’s mind about the poem and to set her thinking. Yes, I agree that it refers to us, and someone has put those wolves where we would see them. Everything seems to be happening rather too conveniently for it all to be accidental.’
Asphodel had been thinking as well. ‘The first verse,’ she said slowly, frowning as she spoke, ‘refers to the Balance. Some clerics believe that in order for the world to work, there must be a balance between good and evil. Just as there is night and day, so we can sleep at night and wake in the daytime refreshed for our daily tasks. We, it seems must maintain the Balance and to do so, we must cross borders and travel far.’
‘And last verse say we must “Work as one and keep our vow,” and look out for each other. Much like wolf pack. But we have make no vows, do we?’ This came from Davrael. ‘Well, not all to whole group.’ He looked at Kimi as he spoke of vows, and smiled.
‘Well, that can be remedied,’ Carthinal spoke for the first time in the discussion. ‘We have a representative of the gods here.’ He gestured towards Asphodel. ‘I’m willing to swear to protect you and treat you as the brothers and sisters I never had.’
The others agreed, and they all stood in front of Asphodel.
Carthinal thought for a few seconds and then said, ‘I think I have the words. I will let you decide if they are appropriate before we swear.’
When they had heard his thoughts, the others concurred and he said, ‘I will be as the wolves, and learn from them how to live for the pack. I will put the good of the pack before my own good, and protect the other members to the best of my ability. I will follow my destiny wherever it may lead, and through whatever dangers may befall, serving the pack and the land in all things. This I swear, and may the gods hear my vow.’
The all agreed that the words were good, and then they all joined hands and repeated them.
Then Thadora said, impulsively, ‘We are Wolf.’ and the others repeated her words.
So was born Wolf, from a group of unlikely companions, sworn to each other and to the world.
CHAPTER 24

MOUNTAINS

They walked on for the next couple of days, a growing companionship gradually forming between the disparate members of the group. It was true that they knew little of each other, but none of them felt it was important. What lay in the past of each individual was gone, and what they were now was what was important. 
There was still some uneasiness between Asphodel and Carthinal. Carthinal was determined that he was not going to allow any deepening of the feelings he had towards the elf since he was convinced in his own mind that he would bring her nothing but grief. She was a cleric, after all. How could she possibly care for such as he, and so he treated her with some coolness determining not to show her that he cared for her. Anyway, he reasoned, she had given him little reason to be encouraged. She had implied that what had happened on Grillon’s night was just that—something that happened to celebrate the Equinox and Parador’s return to Grillon. 
Asphodel in her turn, believing that Grillon’s night had meant nothing particular to Carthinal, was treating him with the same coolness, equally determined not to show him her hurt.
Then at about noon, they reached a place where the road split. One road, a narrower path, continued on the right bank of the Brundella, in a northeasterly direction, while the other road, obviously the main road, crossed the river by a bridge and continued eastwards. There was a stone set at the junction that had an arrow pointing to the north, with the legend: High Pass to Pelimor. The other arrow pointed south, and read: Berandore, Erian and Rindissillaron
They had not banked on this split in the road, so they stopped to decide the way to go. Several of the group thought they should continue southwards across the bridge since that was the main road, but Asphodel did not join in with their assertions. In fact, her face suggested that she did not wish to travel that way. Basalt ventured to ask her what was wrong, but she did not reply.
Then she said, realisation dawning on her face, ‘I recognise this place. It’s the place from my dream. The man, the scribe, was sitting on that stone.’ She pointed to a large boulder at the base of the signpost. ‘He said....’ here she paused, frowning as she tried to remember... ‘He said: “Here lies a choice. You can take the easy road and go to Berandore and the lands to the east, or you can take the difficult path through the high mountains towards the land of Pelimor. Much rides on your decision. You must choose correctly or you may be too late.”’
Basalt sat down heavily on the stone that Asphodel had indicated that the stranger had been seated on in her dream. ‘How are we supposed to make a decision then,’ he asked. ‘We may just as well toss a coin.’
They all seemed to slump.
‘“If we make the wrong decision, it may be too late.” What does that mean? That the Sword will be gone? That we may never find the valley? Or that something else will happen?’ asked Randa.
Then Thadora’s eyes lit up. She pointed to the left, up the road to the High Pass. ‘That’s the way,’ she exclaimed.
‘How you know?’ queried Davrael. ‘How you so sure?’
‘You remember th’ fortune-teller in Roffley? Yeah? Well, I didn’t tell you what she said, did I? She said some damn weird things that I didn’t really understand, but she told me that th’ easy path were not always th’ correct one. If I chose that, I would live a comfortable life, but that it would, like, be so bad for the world, or somethin’ like that. So we take the difficult path—the High Pass, right?’
‘Hmmph!’ grunted Basalt. ‘Those fortune-tellers are usually charlatans if you ask me. They seem to say what you want to hear. Wouldn’t base my life on what one told me.’
‘He’s right there, Thadora,’ responded Fero ‘but there are some genuine ones,’ he told the dwarf. ‘Maybe yours was one of them,’ he said, turning back to Thadora.
‘I think she were. Genuine, I mean,’ replied the girl. ‘She told me things she shouldn’t have been able to. It so spooked me.’
‘Even if she were genuine, I think she was probably referring to life choices, not an actual physical path,’ Randa said.
‘There’s another thing,’ Thadora spoke quietly. ‘I went back to ’er wagon th’ next day. I wanted ter know ’ow she bloody well knew so much about me. Not to consult ’er again, but ter snoop around an’ see ’ow she operates, like. It was bleedin’ gone. ’Er wagon, that is. Maybe there’s nothin’ real strange about that, but when I asked th’ other Wanderers, they seemed ter know nothin’ ’bout ’er. She’d arrived just afore we went ter see ’er, an’ ’ad gone th’ next mornin’. Almost as if she came specially ter see me. That’s so creepy!’
Then Carthinal spoke. He had been listening to the arguments carefully and had come to a decision. ‘We’ll take the High Pass,’ he said. ‘We have to go one way or the other, and as we have no other clues, we must decide based on what we know. The only help we have is Thadora’s clairvoyant, genuine or false. I think we should eat something before we continue too. It’s nearly the sixth hour and I for one am getting hungry.’
After they had eaten, Asphodel suddenly said, ‘I remember now. The man in my dream also said something along the lines of not taking the easy path. I think he pointed towards the High Pass, and told me of unexpected help along the way too.’
‘Hey, that's what she said an’ all.’ exclaimed Thadora. ‘Th’ bloody fortune-teller, I mean. She said I’d find unexpected help or summat too.’
They decided to take the northerly path. Not all of them were entirely in agreement, but since they had to go one way or another, and they had all come to look on Carthinal as their leader, with perhaps the exception of Randa, they reluctantly went along the road leading to the High Pass. The road, if it could be called such, continued to wind its way through the foothills of the Mountains of Doom. The mountains towered above them and it began to seem that they would never reach them. They had finally crossed the river, which continued in a more northerly direction, whilst the road carried on towards the northeast.

It took them several days walking over these wooded hills before the track began to ascend the mountains proper. They were all carrying wood that they had collected in the forest since in the high mountains no trees would grow and they knew they would need to light fires at night as, although spring was coming in the lowlands, it would still be very cold in the high mountains. Each carried as much wood as they could manage, but Carthinal still worried that it would be insufficient to get them over the pass, not knowing how long it was, nor how high it went.
Soon after leaving the woods, winter seemed to descend on them once more. There were pockets of snow lying in shady patches where the sun had not warmed the ground, and it became noticeably colder. They all donned warm cloaks and pulled them tightly round their bodies to protect themselves from the teeth of the icy wind. There was less and less game the higher they climbed and eventually Carthinal called for rationing of their supplies of dried food. They ate only in the evening, and, having walked all day with gnawing hunger, slept at night to the sound of rumbling stomachs.
‘In ’Ambara, it seemed so cool to run away and join this adventure. Now it just seems cold,’ Thadora remarked to no one in particular. ‘Even sleepin’ in th’ soddin’ sewers sounds good. At least it’d be out of this blasted wind.’
‘Down there in the valley, I felt I never wanted to eat rabbit ever again,’ observed Randa pensively, ‘Now a nice rabbit stew would seem like a king’s banquet.’
‘Sleep,’ put in Asphodel. ‘A nice warm hayloft. Even prickly hay would seem a comfort.’
Carthinal looked at her sharply, but her face was blank and she was not looking in his direction. He shrugged.
‘The desert,’ Fero recollected, ‘Is hot and dry, but it would be preferable to this cold, wet snow,’ as he shook some of the offending stuff from off his boots.
They trudged onward and upward, through the mountains, making only very slow progress. Maybe they would end their lives in these mountains. One day seemed to flow into the next, until it seemed they had never done anything but climb and shiver. Their fires at night did little to warm them. The air seemed so cold that it sucked all the heat from the fire. Basalt even considered if it was possible for a fire to burn with cold flames instead of hot, but he was so cold and exhausted that his mind refused to co-operate with his musings.
They climbed for several days. Carthinal had strapped his staff onto his back, as it was now a hindrance since he required both hands free to climb. Each evening he studied Mabryl’s spell book to see if there was anything to help them. There wasn’t. The path became narrower and narrower until they thought they would be unable to pass. In places it seemed to cling to the side of the mountain, and they had to travel in single file and shuffle along close to the mountainside. Cloud descended from time to time, they became wet with the condensation in it, and the path climbed relentlessly, ever upwards.
‘I can’t go on. Leave me ’ere,’ cried Thadora one morning.
‘Get up and stop whining, girl,’ snapped Carthinal.
Tears welled in her eyes and she turned away, but made no move to rise.
‘Do you make a habit of upsetting women, half-elf?’
Basalt came up and gave Carthinal a push. The mage’s face took on a feral and dangerous look. He looked like the wolf from which the group had taken its name.
‘Don’t push me like that, dwarf.’ he snarled. ‘Don’t ever push me like that again.’
‘You deserve pushing,’ growled the dwarf, not at all deterred by Carthinal’s look. ‘First Asphodel, now Thadora. You’ve twice upset Asphodel. Once when Mabryl died, with your thoughtless comments, and again after Grillon’s night when you ignored her after spending the night with her. Now you’ve no consideration for a young girl not yet sixteen! Look at them, Carthinal. They’re spent. We’ll not make it over the mountains like this.’
Carthinal looked round. Thadora was still sitting wrapped in her blankets, sobbing. Asphodel was slowly and reluctantly folding her blankets, looking pale and drawn. Kimi and Davrael sat, arms around each other, all but propping each other up. Randa was listlessly pulling a comb through her silvery hair, and even Fero was standing slumped against a rock, not even watching Randa comb the hair that so fascinated him.
Carthinal’s anger evaporated as quickly as it had come when he saw his little band.
‘Accept my apologies, Bas,’ he said, ‘You’re right. We can’t keep pushing ourselves. I’m anxious to get over the highest part of these mountains before we run out of fuel and food, but I don’t suppose it’ll help if we die of exhaustion in the process.’
Therefore, he called for a day of rest. Thadora curled back gratefully into her blankets and was quickly asleep again. Carthinal spoke to Asphodel about the food situation and they agreed to have an extra ration that day, even if it meant going hungry later. So they rested and slept for the rest of that day.
During the following night two things happened. Firstly the wood ran out, and then it began to snow. Carthinal and Randa were on watch when the first few flakes fell. It was an hour before dawn, and by the time it arrived, the snow was falling heavily.
‘We should find some shelter if possible,’ said Randa.
‘We’re out of wood, too,’ remarked Fero.
They shook the snow off their bedding and rolled it up into their packs and then with cloaks pulled firmly round them and hoods over their heads, they trudged on.
It was Davrael who first saw the footprint (to Fero’s chagrin, as he felt he had let them down by not noticing it.) It was huge. Much larger that the largest human footprint could possibly have been. It was also the print of a bare foot.
‘What is it? What could possibly have made such a footprint?’ asked Kimi, drawing closer to Davrael. He absently put an arm round her.
‘Yeti,’ responded Fero, hunkering down to look at the print more closely.
‘What’s a Yeti?’ asked Thadora.
‘A large beast of the mountains.’ Fero looked up at her. ‘Few people have seen them, but then few people come so high. They are said to look vaguely human, but are much bigger. Some say nine or ten feet, but that may be an exaggeration.’
‘That print’s big enough for that,’ pointed out Randa.
‘They’re supposed to be covered in long white or grey hair,’ continued Fero as though no one had spoken, ‘And are said to be very savage. It has been said that they’ll eat human, dwarf or elf flesh if they can get it. That may well be true as there’s little enough to eat up here, and the only reports brought back have been distant sightings. No one seems to have seen them close—or at least to have returned with the tale.’ He stood once more, then continued, ‘That print must be quite fresh. It would have been covered in snow else.’
‘Even a blind gnome would be able to tell that,’ mumbled Basalt. He was ignored.
‘We look out then,’ said Davrael. ‘Maybe we take turns for scout ahead.’
‘No!’ Carthinal was adamant. ‘We stick together. In this weather it would be too easy for someone to get lost. In fact, Fero, where’s your rope?’
The snow was continuing to fall, perhaps even harder. It was beginning to become difficult to see the path.
‘Good idea, Carthinal. Everyone slip the rope through your belt so no one can get lost.’
This they did, and then they continued on their way. None of them were happy at the prospect of running into the large, fierce Yeti, and everyone listened and strained their eyes to see any shadows looming through the snowstorm. Eventually, Randa realised that they seemed to have lost the path. At least to her feet it did not seem to be a path they were on. She called to Carthinal to tell him. It was nearing nightfall, although the day had been so dark it was difficult to tell, so Carthinal called a halt, hoping to retrace their steps if the snow stopped the following day if indeed they had lost the path.
There was no fire that night. They huddled together to try to get some warmth from each other. A watch was set, but it seemed useless in the blizzard as nothing could be seen. Soon, they did fall asleep one by one, even the watch. They all drifted into that pleasant dreamy sleep said to overcome people lost in the snow. They did not hear the soft footsteps approach, nor see the gigantic shadows fall over them.
CHAPTER 25

YETI

She awoke with the feeling that something was not quite as it should be. Slowly, as she came awake, she realised that she was warm. Not only that, but she was also dry. Blankets and furs were heaped over her, and when she opened her eyes, she saw a flickering orange light. Someone had lit a fire. She remembered drifting off to sleep in the snow. She had remembered someone in a distant life telling her that it was easy to drift off to sleep in the snow and die of exposure. She had felt that it was the easiest thing to do, out in the cold and wet. It had been pleasant, that drifting into sleep and death. Maybe she had in fact died and she was in the afterlife? Then Thadora saw rock around her. Ahh! She was in a cave.
‘I ’spect th’ others found th’ cave an’ carried me ’ere,’ she thought, ‘Though where they found th’ wood ter light a flippin’ fire I can’t imagine. Anyway, thanks, dudes.’
She turned to look to her left. She saw the fire and what looked like several other mounds of fur. Sounds of breathing and occasional snores came from them. The others, she surmised. One of the mounds stirred slightly. She saw a pair of light blue eyes and a wisp of silvery blonde hair. Randa. Randa made a shushing shape with her mouth. Thadora frowned. Why must she remain quiet? She could smell cooking now that she was coming more and more to her senses. Who was cooking if the others were all asleep?
She heard the sound of footsteps approaching the fire. Then an arm reached over her and added some logs to the blaze. Her heart began to beat rapidly. The hand was far too large for human, elf or dwarf; and then she noticed the arm attached to the hand. It was covered with long, snow-white hair. At first, she thought it was a garment, but soon realised it was part of the creature.
Thadora tried her best not to scream, but a small squeak escaped her. She shut her eyes tightly. The little girl in her told her to do this. If she could not see these creatures, they would not be able to see her. It was not rational, but she was too frightened to be rational. She heard Fero’s voice in her head. “Savage beasts. Eat human, elf and dwarf flesh…” They had been caught by Yeti.
The snow-white yeti made a harsh grunting noise of several sounds. It moved away, and another one took its place, this time, Thadora saw when she ventured a peek through tightly squeezed eyelids, a more greyish colour. The creature was about nine feet tall and covered head to foot in grey hair. Its face was almost obscured by hair, but a pair of black eyes in which no whites could be seen gleamed from above a small black nose and a lipless mouth. Then she squeaked again, this time in surprise for the yeti spoke. It spoke Grosmerian, very badly and very slowly and was obviously finding it difficult to form the words, but they were just understandable.
‘You wake,’ it said. ‘You slep’ long. Much days. Eat food. You be better.’
With that, it put some meat down in front of Thadora. Her mouth watered, and her stomach growled, but she did not take the food.
‘Oh no,’ she said. ‘No way. I got no idea what this is, man.’
‘You eat. You need strong. This, bird from mountains. Good eat. Good for cold and warm folk.’
Thadora puzzled over the speech. ‘You mean I should eat this—bird from th’ mountains. That it’s good ter eat fer both cold and warm folk? I don’t get “cold and warm” folk!’
‘You from warm. Die in cold. We from cold. Die in warm.’
The meat in front of her was too much for her to resist any longer. She picked it up and took a large bite. It was hot, and she almost spat it out. She breathed cool air in through her mouth over the meat to cool it. The yeti made a grunting noise, almost like a laugh. The meat was delicious. Like a cross between chicken and pork.
The yeti wandered away saying, ‘I go. Too hot here. Br’ng food for rest warm folk.’
When it had disappeared, Randa rose onto one elbow. ‘Thadora,’ she hissed, ‘The food may be poisoned or drugged. You shouldn’t eat it.’
‘Randa, I don’t give a toss. I’m bleedin’ starvin’. If I’m gonna be killed by these bastards, then I’ll die wi’ a full belly.’
The greyish yeti was returning with more food, which it put on the ground.
‘Not poison or drug. You must strong. Not kill. Why you think kill?’ This last it said to Randa.
There were movements from several of the other mounds of furs as the others came awake. The yeti turned its head and looked at the emerging people.
‘Who you chief?’ it said.
Carthinal started to stand and then quickly lay down again as he realised that he was naked under the furs, as indeed were all the others. The yeti curled back its lips in what Thadora supposed was a smile, but it was rather fearsome, since it showed its long canine teeth.
‘You warm more quick with no close,’ it said. ‘Have close when leave.’
Carthinal looked embarrassed, but spoke to the creature. ‘I am the leader of the group. My name is Carthinal.’ He spoke slowly and clearly to the yeti. ‘What do you want with us?’
‘I Grnff.’ The yeti pointed to itself. Grnff was obviously its name. ‘Mate she called Zplon. She beautiful, no?’
He was obviously proud of his mate, who was lurking in the cave entrance. His black eyes gleamed in the firelight as he looked lovingly towards her. She lowered her gaze and then looked at Grnff through her lashes in a very human and coquettish way, giving him a savage “smile”.
Grnff had trouble with Carthinal’s name. ‘Crthnal,’ he repeated, slowly. ‘Crthnal.’
Carthinal looked at the yeti. Fero had called these creatures “beasts,” but they were obviously more than beasts. Beasts did not light fires and talk. They would have to move with care.
‘We would feel better with our clothes. We can then get up and move around.’
‘Why not up with no close?’ asked Grnff, frowning. ‘Warm here. No need close.’
Carthinal sighed. He could not begin to try to explain the customs and taboos of the “warm folk” to a yeti. He was helped out by Asphodel, who had woken during this exchange.
‘In the culture of the warm folk,’ she said, ‘it is taboo for members of the opposite sex to see each other unclothed unless they are mated.’
‘Strange custom,’ said Grnff, musingly, then added, ‘Grnff giv close.’
He went to the side of the cave and rummaged among some furs. Then he brought their clothes, armour and weapons, and also some furs. ‘Fur better than cold le'ther and m'tal. Why you wear cold le'ther and m'tal?’
‘It helps to protect us from attack.’
‘Hmmm. But not good in cold. You eat. Talk after when you str’ng.’
Basalt whispered something to Carthinal.
‘I think it’s all right, Basalt. We’ll have to eat something anyway. I don’t see we have a choice. Anyway, if they wanted us dead, we wouldn’t be discussing whether to eat or not to eat. We’ve been at their mercy for quite a while, I think, and they’ve not harmed us at all. Quite the contrary, in fact. I rather think we’d have died out there in the blizzard if it were not for these…’ he hesitated, trying to find the right word, ‘These people.’ He had decided the Yeti were in fact people rather than beasts.

The members of Wolf ate their meal in silence. They were all now awake. There was a slight smell of yeti in the cave, but it was not too unpleasant, and not enough to put them off the delicious food. While they were eating, they speculated on their position.
‘It seems that reports of these creatures was inaccurate,’ observed Fero. ‘The little I’ve heard, they were said to be animals, but these obviously have speech and fire, so they cannot count as beasts. I’d say they need to be re-classified as being amongst the sentient races of Vimar.’
‘They don’t seem hostile either,’ put in Kimi. ‘Grnff seems friendly, and I think his mate is just rather wary of us.’
‘Now we’ve got our clothes back, I suggest we dress,’ Carthinal said. ‘As long as we’re here in the cave with the fire I think we can dispense with armour and wear these furs. Grnff was right about armour not being good to keep out the cold.’
‘Why’s he doing this? What’s in it for him?’ asked Thadora.
‘Let’s ask him when we’re dressed,’ replied Carthinal.
So they agreed that the four men would dress first, and then they would go outside to see Grnff while the girls dressed. This was soon accomplished, and the eight travellers were seated just inside the cave mouth with Grnff and his mate, Zplon.
‘Now, Grnff. Tell us why you rescued us and fed us. Never has it been known before for yeti, that is cold folk, to help warm folk as far as we know,’ Carthinal began the conversation.
‘Man come. Man speak Grnff language. Strange. Never warm folk speak Grnff language. Man magic. Cold folk no magic. Man say you come. Man say you need help. Man say Grnff and Zplon help. Man say you called Wolf. Man say you eight warm folk. Man say chief is magic man too. Magic man have red hair. Man say four female, four male, one male small with hair on face like cold folk. Man say one female have hair colour of cold folk. One female have red hair, one black hair. Man say one male very dark and big for warm folk. We look. We find near dead. You cold. Make fire. Wrap in fur. You thaw like icicle.’
They all felt as though someone had dropped cold water down their backs as shivers ran up and down their spines at this. Who was this strange man who knew all about them, and how did he know they were going to need help in the snow? Carthinal asked a question that made it even stranger.
‘When did this man come?’
‘Many darkness ago. We not count time. Man here in very cold time. Man here just before light is shortest.’
‘He was here before the winter solstice? But that’s impossible! We hadn’t even met then. In fact, that was even before the flood on the Brundella!’ exclaimed Randa. ‘You and Carthinal had not even left Bluehaven, Asphodel!’
‘How you learn speak Grosmerian?’ Davrael asked.
‘Man teach. Man say Grnff need to speak with you or you 'fraid.’
‘That’s the best crash course in a language I’ve ever seen,’ commented Basalt. ‘It took me months to get to the stage that Grnff is at. How did he do it?’
‘Grnff say. Man magic. Man teach by magic. And Grnff very clever. Quick to learn, man say.’ He puffed himself up with pleasure at relating the man’s words.
Asphodel touched Carthinal’s arm. He turned, heart beating wildly at her soft touch.
‘There is more here than meets the eye, Carthinal,’ she said. ‘No one could possibly have known we were coming here as far away as the winter solstice. For Sylissa’s sake, we didn’t even know ourselves. Someone described us to Grnff before we’d even met!’
‘The description could be after the event. After all, Grnff here has seen us and could have put in our descriptions himself to make a mystery and win our confidence,’ pointed out Basalt, ‘and as to speaking Grosmerian, he could have learned it at any time in the past from any passing traveller.’ The dwarf was still suspicious.
‘True enough, all you said, Basalt, my friend. Just one thing I’d like to see you explain,’ Fero said. ‘How did he know we’ve called ourselves “Wolf.”?’
‘We-el,’ Basalt considered, ‘That is a bit of a problem.’
‘One o’ us could ’ave talked in our sleep,’ suggested Thadora.
‘Yes, I suppose we could have, but I prefer to think that we are being watched and guided by the gods,’ Asphodel said. 'What did the man look like, Grnff?' she asked, turning to the yeti.
'He look like other warm folk. He not tall, not small. Him close have many p'kets and ink m'rks on. Him h've long feather in p'ket. He use to m'ke marks on white stuff him c'll paper.'
'Sounds a bit like the man in my dream.'
Kimi then butted in. 'Also the man who married us in the glade on our way to Hambara.'
The problem was left unsolved, as the group continued to talk to Grnff. The fact of the matter remained that, for whatever his reasons, man or not, Grnff had saved their lives, and for that they were in his debt. They were not all completely without suspicions. They could, as Fero pointed out later, be being fattened up for later killing and eating, a thought that Thadora did not want to think about at all. On the other hand, they had been given their weapons and armour back. Not something anyone would do if they wanted to kill you. They decided to play the whole thing by ear.
Grnff told them that he would show them the way to their destination. “The man” had told him where to take them, apparently. He insisted that they were not yet ready for the journey and the dangers they would encounter once there, and they must continue to rest and eat. He and Zplon found food and cooked it for them. How they managed to find it in the wintry conditions existing outside the cave, the others could not guess. Certainly it seemed bleak up in the mountains, but they managed to find meat and enough fresh edible vegetation to make the travellers begin to feel strong and healthy.
During this time, Thadora seemed to strike up a strange rapport with Grnff.  He showed her how his long hair covered an undercoat of soft fur. He also confided in her that Zplon was pregnant.
‘She have cubs in warm time. Soon go to birthing place. Cold folk have two cubs one time,’ he told her. ‘Many cubs not live. Life hard in mountains. Cold folk have hunger. Cold folk have enemies who eat them. Animals. Some warm folk kill cold folk. Call us beasts. Say we savage and a danger. We stay away from warm folk. But Grnff like you, Red Cub. You friends not bad too.’
‘You’re a real cool dude, too, Grnff,’ Thadora told him.
The yeti frowned, not understanding. Basalt translated for him.
‘She means you’re a good man,’ he said.
During the next sixday they stayed in the cave with Grnff and Zplon. Then one day, Grnff stated they were ready to move.
‘You now strong. We go,’ he said. ‘Must leave or too late for Zplon to get to birthing place. Then cubs die. We very sad. First cubs.’
‘Oh, Grnff, we can’t risk your cubs dyin’’ said Thadora, appalled at the idea. ‘Tell us th’ way an’ take Zplon to th’ birthing place. We’ll be OK. We’re strong now, right?’
‘You not find way. We go through mountain. We take path of fire god. You good, Red Cub, but fire god angry if warm folk go alone on paths.’
‘What happens if the fire god’s angry?’ asked Basalt looking anxious.
‘He wake. He shake with anger and ground shake. He breathe fire from mountain.’
‘A volcano!’ exclaimed Bas. ‘By Kassilla’s tits, I think we’re going to go through a volcano!’
‘They must worship the volcano as a god,’ Asphodel said.
Grnff had overheard this exchange, and had obviously understood most of what had been said. He replied, ‘We have two gods. Fire and Ice. God of fire destroys if angry. Must keep him happy. He sleeps now. He sleeps for hundreds of seasons. He not like to be wak’nd. God of ice good. Makes water hard so it not run away. Makes snow to keep cold folk cool, but not too cold. Must give gift to fire god to keep him happy.’
‘What must we give?’ asked Carthinal.
‘Something you hold dear.’ was the reply. ‘Must be sacrifice or not good enough for god.’
They all thought hard about this, and then Kimi stepped forward. The thing I hold most dear is this ring, given to me by Davrael. It symbolises our love. No beginning and no end.’ She looked sadly at Davrael. ‘I’m sorry, my love,’ she said, ‘but if it is required for our safe passage through these mountains, I must give it up. It will not change the way I feel.’
They all then searched for something they held dear. Thadora handed over a locket that had belonged to her mother; Davrael gave an eagle’s feather, symbol, he told them, of his standing in his tribe; Asphodel reluctantly gave a ring that had been given to her by her sister. Then Fero added a stone carved in the shape of a lion’s head, which had been carved by his mentor, a ranger in his home land, and Randa, a silver pin that had been her mother’s. Basalt gave a black opal, one of the first to be found in his parents’ mine and Carthinal pulled out of his pocket an exquisitely painted miniature of a handsome couple, he an elf and she a human.
‘My parents,’ was all he said as he laid it on the little pile.
The Wolves looked at the pile of belongings sadly, each remembering other times, people and places.
Grnff swept them up in his huge hand. ‘Give to god in deep place,’ was all he said.
He then went to the back of the cave, accompanied by Zplon. The pair took a bundle of torches from a natural shelf there, and lit one each. Grnff then beckoned the others and they followed him into the deeper part of the cave.
After travelling for a while, the Wolves realised that Grnff was right. They would have soon been hopelessly lost in this maze of tunnels. However, Grnff and Zplon seemed to know exactly where they were heading and took turn after turn. They seemed to be continually going down. Basalt had grumbled at first about having given their most treasured possessions to a volcano. He would not have minded, he told them, if it had been a genuine god, but a mountain was ridiculous. Asphodel reminded him that they had to get Grnff to lead them, and he would not have done so without the sacrifice. Basalt said no more, but continued to stomp along making his displeasure clear in his body language.
‘You friend not happy, Red Cub,’ Grnff said to Thadora.
‘No! He don’t believe th’ mountain’s for real. Least not godwise.’
‘He gave. He safe. It not matter if he believe in god of mountain, god of mountain believe in him,’ came the reply.
They continued deeper into the caves. Basalt was the most at home here, since he was a mountain dwarf, but even he was startled when they heard a rumbling deep in the bowels of the mountain.
‘Must go quick,’ said Grnff. ‘Giv' sacrifice. God wake. Angry with strangers in him.’ And with that, Grnff began to move more quickly. Basalt, with his short legs, had to almost run to keep up with the long stride of the two yeti. Even Thadora and Kimi found they had to break into a trot every now and then to prevent themselves from being left behind.
Shortly the tunnel opened out into a large cave. Running across the cave was a deep crack, and from this crack came the rumbling sounds. Grnff and Zplon went to the edge of the crack and fell to their knees. Bowing deeply, they began to chant in their strange, guttural language. It sounded more like the growling of angry beasts that a known language, and they understood how people had thought of it as such. However, they had come to recognise several distinct sounds and phrases in the growling, and Thadora had even learned some words, although Grnff and Zplon had laughed their feral laughs at her attempted pronunciation. After a few minutes of this chanting, Grnff prostrated himself, then drew out their treasures and dropped them one by one into the fissure, saying the name of the owner, even though his pronunciation was rather strange.
‘Tadra, the Red Cub. Dvrel, the Savage One. Littl Kimi. Black Fero. Strong, hairy Bslt, Pale Rnda. Priest of strange god, Asdel. Chief and Magic man, Crthnal.’
Then they stood, turned round three times and backed away from the fissure. Immediately after this little ceremony, there was a much louder rumble which made them move instinctively closer together. Further from the fissure. Davrael and Kimi clung together, and Carthinal suddenly found himself holding Asphodel in an instinctive desire to protect her. He quickly dropped his arms and took a step back. Then just as quickly, the rumbling stopped, and there were no more sounds.
‘You gifts accepted,’ said Grnff. ‘God say gifts good. We pass now.’
Then they saw, for the first time, the bridge that spanned the fissure. It was a natural stone bridge, but was only wide enough for them to cross in single file and there was no parapet. Davrael visibly paled on seeing the narrow path they would have to walk. He was a man of the plains, and while a fierce warrior who knew no terror in battle, crossing such a path was not in his experience. He swallowed, and glanced to the fissure. Then Zplon murmured something to Grnff.
‘You give rope,’ he said to Fero. ‘Zplon take. Cross bridge. Grnff hold end here. You cross holding rope.’
Zplon duly crossed the narrow span, and between them the two yeti held the rope taught.
Thadora quickly skipped across the bridge without using the rope. She stopped once in the middle to look down, calling cheerfully back, ‘I can’t see th’ bottom. ’S real deep!’
‘Shut up, Thadora. You’re not helping,’ growled Carthinal to her.
She grinned and ran nimbly across to the other side. After all, in her career as a thief she had run across rooftops and climbed walls and was at ease with heights.
‘Of course, you’d expect a thief to be able to cross high stretches. I expect it’s in the job description,’ mumbled Randa disapprovingly, as much to herself as to anyone else, which was as well as no one else seemed to be listening.
The only other person who had no qualms was Basalt. Being a dwarf and used to wandering about in mountain tunnels, the bridge held no fears for him, so he crossed next.
Carthinal insisted that Davrael go next. He had noticed the paling of Davrael’s face when he realised they would have to cross the bridge. If he left the young warrior with too much time to think, they may never get him over.
‘Go on, Davrael,’ he urged. ‘You’ve seen Thadora and Basalt go. It’s not too bad.’
‘I not afraid,’ said the plainsman, but his face belied his words.
However, he stepped forward and slowly and carefully placed his foot on the stone. He gripped the rope so tightly that even in the dim light of the cavern they could see the whiteness of his knuckles. He inched his way across, slowly.
‘Don’t look down,’ called Basalt, which was the wrong thing to say as Davrael’s eyes were immediately drawn downward.
Then he froze. He saw a deep, dark drop beneath him. His fear was almost palpable. He was almost half way across, but his feet would not move. His heart began to beat frantically. He thought that he was going to have a heart attack it was beating so fiercely. He had fought enemies and been in danger of his life. He had tamed the wildest of horses. He could ride better than anyone in his tribe, and perform death-defying feats on horseback. He had even come face to face with a mountain lion that had wanted him to feed to her cubs, and lived to tell the tale, which was more than the mountain lion did. He had never known fear like this, though. Never again would he call anyone a coward for being afraid. All he could see was the dark beneath him. Then he heard a voice at his elbow, urging him on. Thadora had run onto the bridge and was talking him across. Slowly, inch by inch, she got him to move. The span seemed to go on forever, until at last the black abyss was no longer beneath his feet. His legs gave way under him and as he sank to the ground and Zplon pulled him away from the edge.
When the others were all across, they found Davrael still slumped on the ground shaking.
‘I coward. I not think me coward, but I be,’ was all he seemed to be able to say.
‘No,’ said Asphodel, kneeling beside him, ‘That was one of the bravest things I’ve ever seen.’
Davrael looked up at her sharply to see if she were mocking him. ‘I afraid. I not able to move. You should send away in disgrace. I be outcast to show such cowardice in my tribe.’
Kimi was holding him, but carefully not saying anything. She knew that whatever she said to reassure him he would take as an expression of her love, and not take any notice. She let the others do the talking.
‘Have you ever been afraid before, Davrael?’ asked Fero.
‘No. I thought to be bravest in tribe. I not fear anything.’ The warrior drew himself up a little in pride, but quickly slumped again. ‘Until now,’ he finished.
‘That’s not bravery,’ continued the ranger. ‘Anyone can seem to be brave if they don’t feel fear. True bravery is to feel fear, face it and overcome it. That is what you did.’
They continued to talk to him in this manner until they had convinced him that he was not a coward, and bolstered him enough for him to be able to continue. He suggested several times that they should leave him in the mountain for his perceived cowardice. Grnff and Zplon waited patiently while this was going on, and when Davrael at last rose to his feet, they continued to lead the way through the mountain.
They continued walking until Grnff decided that they must rest.
‘It night,’ he said suddenly, and lay down, put out the torches, curled up into a ball with Zplon and was promptly asleep.
The Wolves unpacked their bedrolls and spread them onto the rocky ground. They lay in the pitch-blackness hearing the soft breathing of the yeti pair as they slept. The darkness was complete. Only the dwarf and those with elf blood could make out anything at all. With their infravision, they saw warm reddish mounds. Kimi and Davrael snuggled together under the furs and blankets to conserve warmth. As he looked around, Carthinal wished he could snuggle with someone too. Although not cold in the mountain, it was cool. He pulled the furs closer round him and turned over.
Sleep was a long time in coming even so, and it seemed that he had no longer dropped off than Grnff was shaking him and saying, ‘Eat. We go.’
He ate the piece of meat thrust at him, and saw the others being woken and a meagre breakfast thrust at them. He wondered how long this passage through the volcano would take and ventured to ask Grnff.
‘We out wen sun highest,’ Grnff replied. ‘Now sun get up.’
True to his word, about six hours later they emerged from a cave to see a beautiful wooded valley spread out before them.
‘We leave you now,’ said Grnff. ‘We go birthing place. Just time before cubs come.’
Carthinal turned. ‘We can’t thank you enough, Grnff,’ he said. ‘You saved our lives and guided us through the mountains. If there’s anything we can ever do for you, we will.’
‘Finish task is what you can do,’ he replied. ‘Make world safe for cubs to grow up.’
The others said their goodbyes and began to descend the slope, but Carthinal and Thadora remained where they were. Thadora flung her arms round first Zplon and then Grnff, giving them a hug. She came only about up to their waists. They hugged her back, gently. Zplon said something to Grnff and he translated.
‘We talked. We decide on naming cubs. Cold folk have two cubs, always. One male and one female. We call male Crthnal for you, red magic man and chief, and female we call Tadra, for you, Red Cub. Go. You friends wait.’
With that, the two yeti re-entered the cave and were gone.
‘Cool,’ said Thadora. ‘I never thought I’d ’ave a yeti cub called Thadora after me, an’ there’s to be one called Carthinal too, after you.’
‘At least Crthnal and Tadra, anyway. Come on, Red Cub,’ he replied, grinning at her. ‘We’d better join the others.’
CHAPTER 26

VALLEY

The valley was truly beautiful. It opened towards the east and the sunrise. It was densely wooded but with open glades between mature oak trees. The snow-capped mountains towered high above them to the north, west and south, but gradually fell away towards the east. Below them, spring was beginning to burst out. Trees were showing the first pale blush of green and there were spring flowers blooming. They wondered how long they had spent with the yeti.  They worked it out by the height of the sun that it must be the middle of Grildar at least.
‘Then I’m not a child any more,’ stated Thadora. ‘If it is the middle of Grildar, my birthday has gone. It was on Grildar 8. I’m sixteen!’
‘That should have been cause for a celebration, then,’ responded Basalt. ‘We must have a birthday party when we finish this quest.’
They slowly walked down the slope towards the woods, listening to the birds singing their songs in the trees and bushes until they entered the woodland. It seemed an almost magical place. The large oak trees spread their branches high towards the sun as though in welcome and all with the hint of new greenery. Beneath their feet, last autumn’s leaves crunched. The huge trees every now and then gave way to open glades where the sun’s rays filtered down making the place look almost magical. Then they stepped out of the forest to see a lake spread before them. It was steaming in the sunshine. Kimi wondered why that should be so.
Basalt explained to her. ‘This is volcanic country, Kimi. There is heat below the ground, which feeds the volcanoes. There are often hot springs nearby. I suspect this lake is one such, fed by a hot spring from below the volcano.’
They decided that they all needed to eat, and then to bathe, as it was a long time since they left Roffley and their last bath. Settling down by the lake, they ate the cold food that Grnff had given them before they parted. As they looked towards the lake, they saw strange birds flying in the sky.
‘What are they?’ Thadora asked the words that had been in everyone’s lips.
No one seemed to be able to say. Then one of the birds, followed by two or three of the others, dived into the lake. They expected to see them rise into the air shortly, probably grasping a fish or something, but to their surprise, they seemed to remain swimming in the water. Then Asphodel noticed something with her superior elven sight.
‘Strange birds, with four legs as well as wings,’ she said.
The others looked closer.
‘The wings look rather leathery, not like birds’ wings at all. They look like pictures I’ve seen of dragons in my father’s library. I used to like to look at his books on the animals and plants of Vimar when I was a child,’ said Randa.
‘You know, I think she’s right. They do look like dragons,’ responded Basalt. ‘Just our luck. I suppose we couldn’t have hoped for our good luck to continue,’ he grumbled.
‘Well, they’re a long way away. Maybe we’ll be able to avoid drawing their attention,’ said Asphodel. ‘We’ll have to be very wary. Anyway, they looked rather small. Maybe they’re just babies.’
‘Or maybe they only looked small through distance. Or maybe they are babies, but if so, their mother won’t be far away,’ groaned Basalt. ‘Well, at least I’ll end my days in pleasant surroundings in the company of friends.’
‘Don’t be so pessimistic, Bas,’ Kimi scolded him. ‘We may not see any more of them, and even if we do, if we’re careful, we may not alert their parents.
‘Always expect the worst, Kimi, lass,’ Basalt retorted. ‘Then when it doesn’t come to pass it’s a pleasant surprise.’
‘You don’t always go by that philosophy though, do you Basalt?’ Fero put in. ‘I’ve known you to be a happy sort of fellow at times.’
Basalt grunted in reply.
After they had eaten, the dragons seemed to have disappeared so they walked slowly and quietly down towards the water. They were looking for places where they could bathe in privacy, the men apart from the women. There was a small beach in front of them, and they were approaching it when Fero, who was ahead as usual, held up his hand and stopped. They drew along side of him and saw, sprawled on the beach and basking in the warm spring sunshine, a small iridescent shape. It was one of the baby dragons they had seen flying over the lake. It was about three feet long from the tip of its snout to the tip of its tail. Its wings were spread out to catch the maximum warmth and it was snoring gently. It had the horns of an adult dragon on its head, but they were rather smaller in comparison to its size. It did not seem to be a definite colour, but its scales shone with many colours in the sunlight. There it looked red, here blue, and then again green. Sometimes it seemed to be black. It was a truly beautiful creature.
‘The pictures of dragons in my father’s books were definite colours,’ puzzled Randa. ‘Not this iridescent mix. I think that the books said that there were blue dragons in the mountains.’
‘Yes, but p’rhaps th’ young’re different. P’rhaps th’ colours come later on, but dragon or not, it’s so-o beautiful,’ put in Thadora.
‘True enough. Many youngsters look different from their parents,’ responded Fero. ‘Think of frogs and toads to name but two. Dragons may be like that. Anyway it seems there are dragons around here after all.’
Asphodel then murmured in Elvish. 'Dragons! Typical! How are we to fight dragons?' Then she turned to the others. 'That poem said there were guardians near the tomb, but didn't specify what. Maybe the guardians are dragons.'
The sleeping creature suddenly leaped up. It looked around itself, saw the friends and made some sounds.
Asphodel looked surprised. ‘That sounds like a form of elvish!’ she said. It sounded as though it said, “Dragons? Where? I’ll sort them out for you.”
The Wolves looked at one another.
Asphodel replied, in elvish, ‘You’re the dragon, even if only a baby.’
The creature looked incensed. ‘Baby?’ it said. ‘Baby? Who are you calling a baby?’
‘But aren’t you a baby dragon then?’ asked Asphodel.
‘Indeed I am not! I am a fully-grown dragonet,’ it responded.
Asphodel translated the conversation to them.
‘I’ve heard of dragonets,’ Randa said, ‘but they are considered to be myths by most people nowadays.’
Asphodel translated when the little creature asked what Randa had said.
‘Do I look like a myth to you? My name is Mulldee, by the way. If you’d been properly brought up you’d have introduced yourselves to me first, since this is my home.'
Asphodel again translated for the others and Randa then looked towards the creature and said, ‘I, at least, have been properly brought up. I am Randa. My companions are,’ and she indicated each one in turn, ‘Carthinal, a mage, Asphodel, a curate of Sylissa, Fero, Thadora, Basalt, Kimi and Davrael. May I apologise for our poor manners.’ After more translation, the dragonet replied, ‘That's better. Now we know each other, I must ask you what brings you to our valley?’
The companions looked at each other and then at Carthinal. The young half-elf spoke for the first time.
‘Asphodel, tell Muldee that we are passing through. We became lost in the mountains, and a pair of yeti showed us the way through the volcano.’
The dragonet put his head on one side, and looked at Carthinal. ‘Most unusual. In fact, unheard of. Yeti helping people?’
Suddenly there was a flurry of wings over Muldee’s head. Another dragonet appeared, this one paler in colour, but still with the iridescence of Muldee. It made a series of whistles and clicks. Muldee responded with his own series of whistles.
‘My clutch mate, Amonine,’ he told the Asphodel. ‘She hatched after me, and so is more of a baby.’
‘Huh! Baby indeed. I only hatched seven hours after you! Come on, Deedee. We’re waiting for you.’ (She spoke in the form of elvish that Muldee had used so Asphodel could understand her.) With that, she dived into the water and swam away.
Muldee’s concentration seemed to evaporate as he saw his siblings swimming and diving, and he turned to the travellers saying, ‘I don’t suppose “they” will let you do any harm, anyway, so I may as well go and play.’
With that, he ran to the water’s edge and swam out to join the rest of the dragonets out in the lake.
Once he had gone, the others looked at each other.
‘Not only do they damn well exist, they talk too. That’s real cool,’ said Thadora in delight at the little creatures.
‘At least they’re not dragons. They seem harmless enough,’ Kimi replied.
They decided to continue their search for bathing places. The men quickly found another beach about one hundred meters away, and so the party split. The girls quickly undressed and ran to the warm water. Randa had some soap in her pack, and she soaped herself, and then her hair. She threw the soap to Asphodel who did the same, and then the other two had the soap. They swam in the water and splashed each other. It was so good to feel clean again.
The men had also stripped off. Basalt was quite happy to wade into the water as far as his waist, but pointedly refused to go any deeper. ‘If dwarves were meant to swim, we’d have been given webbed feet,’ was his reply to the urgings of the others.
Davrael was standing in the shallower water still trying to persuade Basalt to come in deeper, when all of a sudden, he found himself swept from his feet, and took a severe dunking in the water. The normally proud and dignified Horselord looked far from proud or dignified as he thrashed around to regain his feet, and came up spluttering. He automatically felt for his knives, but of course they were not there, as he was naked. He looked at the others. They were all laughing. How could they laugh when something had nearly drowned him? Then he saw a flurry of water in Basalt’s direction. Something was beating the water and covering the dwarf in a fountain.
 Basalt was spluttering in anger, and he too reached for his non-existent axe. Then a shape burst from the water beside him, and he realised what had happened. Muldee had decided to join them in their swim. He was still smarting from the loss of his dignity but had to smile when Carthinal was dragged down by the playful dragonet, and came up spluttering and angry. Muldee then flew high in the sky and dived into the water. Soon they were all, except for Basalt, swimming and diving with the little creature and enjoying themselves immensely.
When the men saw that the four young women had left the water, they too climbed out onto the sand and sat there drying off before putting on their clothes, also to give the girls time to dry off and get dressed. They saw ripples in the water and thought that one of the dragonets was approaching, but nothing emerged. Davrael thought he saw a figure that looked vaguely human beneath the water, but could not be sure. They watched, but saw nothing. Eventually, they decided it must have been a large fish of some kind. Then, just as they were dressing to go back to the others, Fero dashed into the water and managed to catch the shape. He drew out a beautiful woman, who was spitting and scratching at him. She had blue hair and a faintly greenish tinge to her skin. Her ears were pointed like an elf’s, and she had elf-like slanted eyes of a deep blue colour, but her pupils were elongated like those of a cat.
Fero held her gently, but firmly whilst the others looked in astonishment.
‘It’s a nymph!’ exclaimed Carthinal. ‘This must be her lake.’
‘Yes, half-elf,’ she spat, ‘This is my lake. You did not ask my permission to swim.’
‘I apologise,’ he replied, bowing slightly to her. ‘We didn’t realise that a nymph was present. We’d have been more respectful if we did.’
‘So I would hope,’ she said. ‘Now let me go!’ This last was to Fero.  ‘No one has visited this valley for hundreds of years, and I have been left in peace,’ she said. ‘Now you come. Why are you here?’
‘We are on a quest,’ Carthinal told her. ‘We are searching for a magical item.’
‘Oh-oh,’ the nymph said. ‘Well, I don’t expect you’ll get far. The Guardians will soon see you off. No one comes here now. The stories of the Guardians are enough to frighten would-be treasure seekers. It suits me. Although sometimes it does becomes lonely with only the dragonets for company. They are amusing, but at times can be rather irritating.’ She cast a sidelong glance at Fero. ‘Occasionally I feel the need for company of a more, shall we say grown up kind. The dragonets get a bit tiresome at times.’
‘Don’t look into her eyes, Fero,’ Basalt whispered out of the side of his mouth, ‘Nymphs can spell humans into thinking they are in love with them.’
‘Don’t worry, Dwarf,’ she said, ‘I had a human lover once. He loved me of his own free will and I him. That is better than a sorcerous love. I have never wanted anyone under magical coercion since.’
‘That not usual?’ asked Davrael. ‘Nymphs not usually love humans, I think.’
‘That is true. He found his way into the valley when he and his army got lost in the mountains. He wandered away from them to be alone. He had just lost a battle and was feeling despair. I saw him and loved him immediately. 
‘He was proud and dignified; a bit like you, warrior,’ she looked at Davrael. ‘I was going to cast a spell on him, but he saw me and I then realised I did not want him to love me through magic, but for my own self. I showed myself to him, and comforted him. He truly loved me. He could not stay with me forever though as he had a wife, and had his duty to his country and so he left. 
‘He returned many times though. His adviser, an elf, cast a spell on his men so they would forget where the valley is. Only my lover and his adviser could find it again. But that was hundreds of years ago. I’ve been alone ever since, except when the advisor came with others and created the Abominations. My lover came back to me, you see. To stay forever near me; not her, his wife. He was dead, of course. I’ve mourned his passing ever since. Don’t worry, handsome, dark stranger,’ she said to Fero. ‘I would never want to have love through magic again, when I’ve had the free love of a man.’
They were silent for a while. Then Carthinal asked, ‘Why are you telling us this? Nymphs are usually shy and don’t talk readily to mortals such as we.’
‘I don’t know,’ she replied looking puzzled. ‘I felt that it was important you know. Whether to you or to me I don’t know.’
With that, she turned and slipped back into the water and was gone.
The men looked at each other. ‘I think we’ve found our valley, guys,’ said Carthinal. ‘Let’s go and tell the girls!’
They all sat around the fire they had built from dead branches gathered from the woods around. Carthinal repeated what the nymph had said.
‘It was most odd,’ he told them when he had finished. ‘Nymphs are the shyest of creatures, and don’t usually succumb to loneliness, yet this one was quite voluble, telling us things I would not have expected.’
He left them to draw their own conclusions about the valley, which they quickly did.
‘There are tales of Sauvern falling in love with a nymph, aren’t there?’ asked Asphodel
‘Yes, indeed there are,’ replied Carthinal, ‘and if you take into account that we’ve been warned about “them” and also told of the “Guardians” it seems to add up. As I said to the others, we seem to have found our valley.’
‘Or rather, had it found for us,’ said Basalt. ‘We would have been hopelessly lost, if not dead if Grnff and Zplon hadn’t saved us and brought us here.’
Asphodel was thinking. ‘And there was the mysterious man who told Grnff about us—before we even knew each other existed. We’ve definitely been directed here. I think this is the valley, too.’
Just at that moment, there was a flurry of wings overhead and then, in a spray of sand, Muldee arrived. He landed on his hind feet, and sat, to all intents and purposes like a dog begging for food, his strong tail balancing him behind. In his front talons he was carrying a large fish.
Asphodel translated his words.
‘I thought you may like this,’ he told them, dropping it straight into Randa’s lap. ‘I’m sure you would like a change from those birds the yeti seem to enjoy so much.’
Randa was not over-pleased at having the wet and fishy creature land on her, clean as she was now, and she threw the fish away from her. The fish was still alive, and it flopped about, wetting Randa further.
The others smothered laughs as she picked it up gingerly and said, ‘Thank you, Muldee. We’ll enjoy this immensely. Will one of you kill it please?’
‘Why can’t you?’ said Asphodel.
‘I’ve never killed anything before. I’m not sure I can.’
‘That’s not true, Randa,’ Fero told her, ‘you managed to kill those wolves that attacked us, and very efficiently too, I might add.’
‘That was different. They were attacking us. It was our lives that were at stake.’
Fero looked at her, and pointed out, ‘It could be our lives at stake here too. People die without food as well as by being killed by wild animals. It’s necessary to kill in order to survive. Sometimes killing is to stop something from killing you, but more often it’s in order for you to eat.’
‘Yes, but someone else has always done it for me,’ she whined ‘and it’s arrived on my plate looking nothing like an animal that has given up its life for me to eat.’
Asphodel responded to this by telling her that it was about time that she learned to face life’s unpleasantness as well as the good things. Carthinal glanced at her. She had learned a bit about life and death herself since her kidnapping by the orcs and having to live off the land.
‘Killing a living being is never pleasant,’ she went on, ‘but sometimes it’s necessary as Fero said. Before the flood I’d never killed anything either, but I had to learn or starve. You kill the fish!’ Muldee had been listening to this exchange with a perplexed look on his face.
Randa, supervised by Fero, found a large stone and hit the fish sharply on its head, and began the process of cleaning it. By her face, it was not a job she was enjoying very much. When she had finished, Asphodel gave her a handful of herbs, which she spread inside the fish along with some wild garlic they had found near the trees. Then she wrapped it, supervised by Asphodel, in leaves and placed it by the side of the fire, almost, but not quite in the flames.
Muldee was again bewildered. ‘Now you burn it!’ he exclaimed. Asphodel laughed at the little creature’s expression and translated once again. ‘Why do you ruin a good fish? I had a lot of trouble catching that. It’s a big one. Enough to feed you all.’
Asphodel had to explain again to the dragonet. He sighed and replied to her explanation.
‘It seems I know little of the world. We’re very sheltered here in our valley.’
Then he seemed to be considering all he had learned.
They ate the fish, and it was very good. It was, indeed, big enough for them all with some left over. They offered Muldee some, but he refused, saying that he did not think he would like burned fish, even if they preferred it. Then he flew off, telling them that it would soon be dark and he needed to go back to his clutch mates for safety.
They spent the night there on the beach. The nights were getting warmer, but not warm enough to want to be far from the fire, even if it were safe to do so, which they were unsure they were. After all, there were the mysterious Guardians to consider.

The following morning, they finished the remains of the fish, which tasted even better than it had the previous evening. Each of them expressed a feeling that eyes had been on them all the time they were on watch. It had been a most eerie feeling, as there was no sight or sound of anything, Fero had moved silently towards where he felt the eyes were, but had seen nothing. They quickly dismissed it as imagination. The warnings of Muldee and the nymph had been on their minds they decided.
After breakfast, they set off in search of the tomb that they were now quite sure must be in this valley, somewhere. They walked towards the head of the valley, in a westerly direction, with the intention of circling the lake, and returning by the northern and eastern shores. The mountains towered over them, making them feel very small. There were small woods down here nearer the lake, interspersed with meadows, which now had flowers blooming. The day was warm, and the sky cloudless. In these less dense woodlands, bluebells were just beginning to form their blue carpet under the trees. Thadora was entranced. She had never seen a bluebell wood before and exclaimed continuously of its beauty.
‘If I’d ’ave known ’ow lovely the damn countryside is, I’d ’ave never stayed in ’Ambara,’ she exclaimed. ‘I always thought as ’ow it’d be so not excitin’ livin’ outside o’ th’ town, y’know, nothin’ to do, nothin’ ’appenin’, like, but it’s so bleedin’ lovely, and I’ve not been bored one little bit.’
The others all laughed at her comments, and Fero pointed out that their journey so far had been an unusual one. People did not normally get attacked by wolves, traverse a difficult, almost impossible pass, nearly die from the cold in the snow, get rescued by yeti and walk through a volcano, not to mention meeting dragonets.
Yet in spite of the idyllic surroundings, as they neared the western shore of the lake, they all began to have a sensation of being watched, much as they had during the night. The nearer they approached the western end of the valley, the more fearful they felt. They instinctively drew nearer to each other, and walked with hands on weapons. Carthinal searched his mind for both offensive and defensive spells, and used the staff to put protective armour of “hardened” air on himself.
As they emerged from one of the little woods they saw spread out before them a meadow of wild flowers, much as others they had passed through. There was one difference, however. The feeling of menace here was stronger than ever, and standing before them amongst the flowers, looking somewhat out of place in the meadow, were twelve warriors, swords drawn and ready to do battle.
Twelve battle-hardened warriors against eight mismatched adventurers are not good odds, but that was not what brought them to a standstill. It was a feeling of utter terror that was emanating from the warriors. It washed over the Wolves. Wave upon wave of fear. It was all they could do to stand their ground. In fact, Fero held out his hand to physically stop Carthinal from turning back there and then.
‘We’ve not come this far to fail now,’ he whispered to the half-elf. Carthinal looked at him.
‘They are undead warriors,’ he said. ‘If there is one thing that I cannot face it’s undead. They frighten me more than anything else does on Vimar.’
Just then one of the undead stepped forward. He was wearing a captain’s insignia of a very archaic design on equally ancient armour. He spoke, and it sounded as though the voice was all around them, echoing from the mountains that surrounded the valley.
‘Why do you come to the Valley?’ he intoned. ‘You must return and let the dead rest in peace.’
‘We mean no harm,’ Basalt said in a quavering voice.
‘You are not the leader. We must speak with the leader,’ went on the undead captain.
‘Carthinal, speak to him,’ prompted Asphodel as Carthinal made no move to step forward and respond to the creature.
Carthinal’s face was pale. He seemed as though he could not stand. Fero was all but holding him up.
‘I-I can’t,’ he managed, ‘I can’t speak to those dreadful creatures.’
‘You must or we can’t get any further,’ Asphodel scolded. ‘Remember the rhyme. “No fear must show or from there you will be hounded.” We now know what the Guardians are. You must control your fear and not let them see you’re frightened.’
Carthinal was about to protest again when Davrael came to him. 
‘I understand, Carthinal,’ he told him. ‘I have fear such as you on bridge. You must face it. We here. We help you. I come stand by side. Face it and it seem less.’
With Davrael on one side, and Fero on the other, Carthinal drew himself up to his full height. His legs felt weak, but he forced them to move and carry him forward.
The three approached the centre of the meadow, and the captain, with two of his men did likewise.
‘I am the leader of this group,’ Carthinal ventured reticently.
‘Then you must answer my question. Why are you here?’
Carthinal thought of a number of myriad replies, then decided that he must answer with the truth. These creatures would surely be able to tell if he lied.
‘We are here to find Sauvern’s Sword,’ he told them. ‘We have been sent by a man who believes the world is in grave peril.’
‘What is this peril?’ asked the undead captain.
‘We don’t know. We weren’t told any details. We’re only the employees doing our employer’s bidding.’
The captain appeared to think about this reply. He turned to look at the other two with him. There were no words exchanged, but Carthinal had the distinct impression of a conversation passing between them.
Then the captain said, ‘My youngest knight, Bry here,’ he indicated the man on his right. ‘Wishes to ask you a question. It is unprecedented for the youngest to ask, but he has served bravely and well, so I grant him this boon.’
The young undead knight, who looked not much older than Thadora, said, ‘Who are you?’
‘I am Carthinal Mabrylson. My companions are…’
He got no farther before Bry interrupted him.
‘No, Not your given names. That is meaningless. What do you call your group, if anything.’
Carthinal paused for a second, wondering if he should give the name as it suddenly seemed rather adolescent to call themselves a name. Rather like the adolescent gangs in the cities to which he, himself, had once belonged.
Then Thadora suddenly ran forward. ‘We call ourselves “Wolf”,’ she cried.
The undead warriors looked at each other.
‘They are the ones,’ intoned the leader. ‘Now our vigil is at an end. We can at last go to our rest.’
With that the twelve warriors seemed to slowly fade from view, and the feeling of being watched vanished with it along with the feeling of menace. All at once, the birds began to sing. They had not realised, due to their own fear that they had not been singing in this part of the valley until the song recommenced. A collective sigh came from the members of Wolf.
CHAPTER 27

TOMB

The Wolves continued their search after the disappearance of the Guardians. They were all subdued. They found it difficult to believe that Sillaran had created the undead warriors. The whole idea was anathema to them, as it would be to most right thinking people at that time.
‘I can’t believe Sillaran were evil,’ Thadora mused. ‘All th’ stories  ’bout ’im an’ Sauvern said ’ow good they was.’
‘Maybe thinking was different then,’ Carthinal replied.
Asphodel then spoke in a quiet, thoughtful voice. ‘Sometimes, good people do evil things, and sometimes evil people do good things. Equally, good can sometimes masquerade as evil just as evil often masquerades as good. I think this is what is happening here, evil being used to further the cause of good, just as at the temple in Hambara, good is being used for evil purposes.’
The others did not fully understand what she was getting at, but all of them decided to keep it to think about later.
Soon they came to a clearing in the wood. In the centre of the clearing were three grassy mounds. There were two smaller ones, with a larger one in the centre. Each of the smaller ones was about seven feet high in the centre, and circular. They estimated that they were about forty feet in diameter. The centre mound was much larger. It was twelve feet high and fifty feet in width, but instead of being round, it was about one hundred feet long as far as they could estimate. They walked all round the three mounds to see if they could find an entrance to any of them, to no avail.
‘Well, what now? We’ve not got the tools to dig our way in,’ said Carthinal, sitting down on a fallen log and scratching his head.
‘There must be a way in somewhere. According to the prophesies the Sword would be needed again,’ said Basalt. ‘I can’t believe that Sillaran would not put a door or at least some easy way in since he obviously knew of the prophecies.’
‘That would make it too easy for tomb robbers, in spite of the Guardians,’ put in Asphodel, sinking down beside Carthinal.
The half elf jumped up, startling her. ‘That’s it!’ he exclaimed. ‘A door, but hidden or disguised.’ He hit his head with the heel of his hand in exasperation. ‘I should have thought of that straight away. Come on Asphodel,’ He grabbed her hand and pulled her to her feet. ‘We’re going secret door hunting.’
The others looked at them.
‘We c’n all ’elp, right?’ said Thadora. ‘I know elvenkind ’ave much better sight, an’ an almost uncanny feelin’ f’r these things, but even you c’n miss things sometimes. We might just find somethin’ you didn’t notice.’
So eventually, Wolf found three hidden doors. They were cleverly disguised with soil and vegetation, but they were there. They decided to search the largest tomb first, as it was the most obvious one to hold the body of a king. They scraped the soil away to reveal a wooden door.
‘Don’t open th’ door yet, let me check ter make sure there’s no soddin’ traps on it,’ said Thadora. ‘It’d be a pity if we got bleedin’ killed just opening th’ door.’ She examined the door and lock carefully and then declared it safe. ‘But there’re traps I’ve not seen before, an’ this is very old, so there’s p’rhaps traps folk ’ave forgotten, so we should still be careful,’ she added cautiously.
Fero volunteered to open the door. He approached it with caution, and standing to one side, he flipped the door open with his sword. The group stood for a few minutes, and then they cautiously entered the large tomb.
All drew weapons instinctively as they passed through the door. Once they were inside, they realised they needed some light. Thadora slipped out, gathered some dead branches from among the trees, and returned for Carthinal to light them with his useful little cantrip. It took a while for one of the branches to begin to burn, but eventually they had some light. A passage stretched out before them. On each side and at the end were doors. They opened the door on the left, having first had Thadora check there were no traps. This she did and then Fero opened it in the same manner as he had opened the main door. When they peered in, they saw a coffin. In one corner were some weapons and armour. There was a shield, chain mail and helmet, also a sword in its scabbard and a crossbow and bolts. They walked over to the coffin. On it was inscribed the words,

“Gallaron
Faithful beyond death.”

‘One of the guardians I suppose,’ whispered Kimi. If she had been asked, she would not have been able to say why she whispered, but it seemed wrong to break the silence of this place.
They pressed on and entered the door on the right. There, they found similar weapons and armour, and a coffin bearing the same words, but the name of Lanroc. Another of the guardians it seemed.
Full of anticipation, they went to the final door. It opened readily, and there was a third coffin and armour and weapons, but instead of crossbow and bolts, they found a longbow and arrows. They cautiously and reverently approached the coffin, certain that here was Sauvern, the great King. How great was their disappointment when they saw another inscription to a Guardian. This one read,

“Craddok
Captain and Friend
He was loyal enough to guard his king
even beyond the grave.
He went to his fate willingly and with joy.”

‘It look like only Guardians here,’ said Davrael. ‘Sillaron want hide body, he put in one of smaller tombs maybe?’
‘Suppose ’e were so keen ter ’ide it ’e put a bloody false inscription on th’ coffin?’ Thadora responded.
‘No,’ replied Fero, ‘I don’t think he’d do that. Remember there were prophecies about the Sword being needed again.’
‘I think Fero’s right,’ Carthinal said decisively. ‘Let’s go search the other tombs.’
They went through the same procedure again. Again they had the same results. One of the smaller tombs held five coffins and the other four. The only difference was a hand written, very faded inscription on one saying,

“Stranger. if you have got this far, you are the prophesied ones
and our task is finished.
We no longer need our armour or weapons.
Take whatever you need with our blessing
Bry, the youngest guardian.”

There were a number of arrows that they decided would be very useful and Fero and Randa examined some longbows that they stated were very well made. These they appropriated in place of their own. It felt wrong doing so, but in view of the inscription they felt they were permitted. The crossbow mechanisms had corroded and they were useless, so they only took bolts for Bas’s cross bow. The rest of the weapons and armour were rusty and useless.
After Asphodel had said a prayer over the remains of the guardians, as they all felt right and proper now they were truly at rest, they left the tombs.
Once outside, the little company sat down on the grass to discuss their next move.
‘This just ’as ter be th’ right place, right?’ sighed Thadora. ‘Lake, Guardians, tombs, even a nymph, but where’s the main soddin’ tomb? Sillaron ’as ’ idden it a little too well if yer ask me. I c’n see no sign of any other burial mounds.’
They sat for a time in silence, each trying to puzzle out the mystery. Then Asphodel got to her feet. ‘Secret doors and hidden passages again. Sillaron hid his journal in a secret room, the doors to the tombs were hidden and so he probably did the same here with Sauvern’s body. Come on Carthina, elf blood is the best for seeing secret doors. Let’s go look,’ and with that, he strode back towards the middle tomb.
‘I’ll come too,’ called Thadora, ‘It’s an occupational requirement of thieves. Findin’ ’idden things, that is’
‘And me,’ said Basalt. ‘We dwarves know stones and can sometimes spot things, especially in stonework.’
Eventually, all eight went to look once again, but it was Basalt who noticed the slight gap in the slabs on the floor, and the hollow sound his feet made as he walked over it. The gap was so small that it was barely discernible. Even Carthinal and Asphodel with their superior eyesight had not noticed it. It was just in front of the coffin in the furthest room of the large barrow. Asphodel quickly found the lever that opened it and when she pressed it, there was a grinding noise and the floor opened. One of the slabs tilted until it was at an angle, and fitted into a slope leading downwards. Stale air wafted up from below.
‘We’d better give it some minutes to clear that air and for it to be replaced by some fresh stuff or we could just about suffocate,’ the dwarf advised.
‘Then let’s go eat while that’s ’appenin’,’ Thadora suggested as her tummy rumbled. ‘I’m so bloody well starvin’, I don’t know about the rest of you.’
Everyone thought this a good idea, so they exited the tomb once more.
A half-hour later they passed through the now familiar passage and stood at the top of the slope. Fero drew his sword. ‘I’ll go first,’ he stated. ‘I can be quiet and stealthy.’
‘I’ll come too.’ This was Thadora. ‘I’ll check there’s no more traps, see. I c’n be quiet and stealthy too, Fero,’ she said to the ranger who looked as though he was about to stop her ‘I know, Red Cub,’ he replied, ‘but it maybe dangerous. We’ve no idea what’s down there.’
‘Poof! Th’ ’ole mission’s bleedin’ dangerous, and what if you stumble across a trap unknowing and get bloody well frazzled?’
So the two went quietly ahead. Halfway down they stopped and beckoned to the others that it was safe, and they followed, weapons at the ready. They continued in this mode, Thadora and Fero going ahead and making sure all was well and the others following, until they reached the bottom. Here the slope levelled out and they found themselves on the banks of an underground river. The surface steamed gently, like a pot on the coals, giving the air a misty and mysterious air.
‘This must be the river that feeds the lake,’ whispered Fero.
They continued along the banks of the river until they saw the wall ahead drop down to only a few inches above the water. The river rushed out from under the wall at such a rate as to make it impossible for anyone to attempt to go through to any caverns that may exist beyond. It seemed they had come to another full stop. They peered around them.
‘Do you think the river has risen since the tombs were made?’ asked Kimi. ‘If so, it seems we are truly stuck, unless we swim through the water, on the off-chance that it comes out.’
‘No way!’ exclaimed Basalt, with feeling. ‘I’ll climb mountains and get nearly frozen to death in the snow, pass through lava tubes of a volcano, obviously only dormant, even face undead warriors, but never, never will I voluntarily attempt to drown myself in an underground river on the off-chance that I’ll find air before I die.’ He folded his arms over his chest and planted his feet firmly on the ground as though he expected them to drag him into the water at any minute.
Then Thadora called out, ‘We may not ’ave to, silly bugger. I c’n see a dark patch up there, which is p’raps an entrance ter another passage.’ She turned to Carthinal. ‘’Old up th’ torch so I c’n see better.’
It was still inconclusive, so Thadora volunteered to climb up to see.
‘Be careful, Red Cub. That wall looks difficult,’ warned Carthinal.
‘Oh, th’ climb’s easy enough,’ she scoffed. ‘Plenty o’ ’and and foot ’olds. Much easier than scalin’ th’ wall of a bleedin’ ’ouse.’
The others looked a little uneasy at the reminder of her profession, but Thadora was oblivious to this, as she was already part way up the wall.
The climb was about fifteen feet. Once there, Thadora disappeared, and then her face reappeared and she waved and called down that there was another passage, as she had thought, going off at an angle of about twenty degrees from the direction of the current passage. This made it just to the south of west, and probably into the hill behind the tombs.
The others were too busy watching Thadora to notice the river until it was nearly too late. There was a sudden sound, and a large shape rose up from the centre of the water. It was a warty creature with large bulbous eyes and a formidable mouth, which it opened and flashed out a long tongue like a frog or toad. Asphodel just noticed it in time to throw herself onto the ground and roll off to one side, or she would certainly have been caught. The creature withdrew its tongue, and readied itself for another try.
Davrael and Kimi notched arrows to their short bows and let fly, but the arrows skidded off the thick skin of the creature. A bolt from Basalt’s crossbow followed their arrows. To their surprise, Fero and Basalt’s shots stuck.
‘Well, I’ll be a hobgoblin’s breakfast!’ exclaimed Bas. ‘These arrows and bolts are truly good.’
Davrael and Kimi found their arrows were no use at all against the monster. Carthinal sent a couple of his small energy bolts against it, and they managed to do some further damage. The creature roared in pain, but readied itself for another attack. This time, it aimed for Fero, whom it obviously saw as one of its main tormentors. Fero had to take evasive action then and missed his shot, but the tongue also missed him by a hair’s breadth. Carthinal used the staff to fire off the silvery bolts of energy, and to his surprise it released six of them. Then, as the monster shot its tongue out again, this time at Carthinal, a knife came flying over their heads, turning in the air to embed itself firmly in the toad-like creature’s eye. With another roar, it slipped beneath the surface of the water, which turned a pinkish colour.
From above, they heard an expletive. ‘Shit! That were a good throwin’ knife wasted,’ Thadora called as she scrambled down the wall. ‘I ’ope your ass is worth a good knife, mage.’
‘What, in all seven hells was that thing?’ said Davrael, leaning against the rough wall of the cavern and breathing hard, ‘and what it do in here? If no us, what it eat?’
He looked surprised as the others laughed.
‘Your Grosmerian is improving, Davrael,’ pointed out Fero, ‘If you are now beginning to swear in the language.’
‘I learn from best,’ he replied, smiling. ‘I listen Red Cub there and learn. But I not like that thing in water.’
‘“That Thing,” Davrael, may have come in as a youngster. Maybe it has a tadpole stage, like true frogs and toads,’ Randa said thoughtfully. ‘As to what it eats, who knows? Fish can probably swim in here from outside, and maybe the odd aquatic mammal. Maybe there are fish living in these caves. I’ve heard of such things. They are white and have no eyes, as it’s so dark that eyes would be useless. There may even be another exit from the tunnel Thadora’s found and things come in and fall down here.’
‘Have you seen that thing in your father’s books, Randa?’ Kimi enquired of the other girl.
‘No, Kimi, never. I’ve no more idea than you as to what it was. I just hope it has no friends around.’
At that thought, they all turned once more to the river, but there were no further signs of life.
‘Well so much for the idea of going down the river then. Good job we didn’t decide to do that. I’ll go with Thadora’s idea any day,’ said Basalt.
They laughed.
‘You wouldn’t want to go up the river if there was nothing worse than a friendly otter,’ teased Fero, his black eyes twinkling in the light from the torch he was carrying.
Bas replied with a ‘Humph!’
Thadora had by now come down the wall. ‘Well,’ she exclaimed, ‘I suppose th’ wall an’ that passage’re th’ only way forrad, so up we go.’
Davrael groaned. ‘I’m not sure I can do it, Mouse,’ he whispered to Kimi in their own language. ‘I didn’t know I had this height thing.’
‘Are you a warrior and a Horselord, or just some kind of wimp,’ she replied, also in the language of the Horselords. ‘The only way to overcome your fear is to face it, as you said to Carthinal. So face it warrior.’
Thadora had taken the rope from Fero and was climbing nimbly up the wall again. She reached the top, tied the rope onto a natural rock pillar and let the end snake down over the lip of the opening. ‘Use th’ rope ter ’elp you climb,’ she called down.
Fero was the first one up, and he climbed well, scarcely using the rope to help him. After him came Randa and Asphodel, followed by Basalt.
Carthinal turned to Davrael. ‘Warrior,’ he said, using the formal form of address used in the Tribes, ‘You helped me when I was in need of support. Now I will return your words to you. Face your fear. Decide why it frightens you. What is the worst thing that can happen?’
‘I fear feeling I made to jump. I fear I give in to it. I fear I fall, or jump, I not die, but be maimed for all my life. Cripples in Tribes considered dead. They no use to our society,’ then in almost a whisper he said, ‘Women whose husbands crippled be free to remarry as they widows.’ He looked at Kimi, pleading in his brown eyes.
She put her arms round him. ‘We’re not on the plains now, Davrael. Those rules don’t apply here. Moreover, they’d never apply to us. I’ll love you whatever you are, and wherever you are.’
‘Come on, you three. We’ve a Sword to find,’ Thadora’s voice came from above and a curly red head poked out over the cliff face.
Davrael took a deep breath and stepped to the rope. He grasped the end and began to laboriously climb up, keeping his eyes always on the silhouetted figure of Thadora above him, who, realising that her face was helping, remained peering down at Davrael. He stopped once, half way up, and the others thought he was going to freeze as he had on the bridge, but then he continued to climb, and eventually made it to the lip of the opening and hauled himself over. He lay on the rocky edge for a few minutes, and then rolled away and sat up, breathing heavily, with sweat beading his forehead. Thadora, in her demonstrative way, hugged him and praised his bravery. Then Kimi climbed up followed by Carthinal and they were all in the upper passage.
Once they had all gathered their breath, and Davrael had once more regained his equilibrium, they set off along the tunnel that opened before them. It was very dark, but dry. Fero and Thadora walked in front, Thadora keeping an eye out for anything that may resemble a trap. Behind them came Basalt and Asphodel followed by Randa and Carthinal. Davrael and Kimi brought up the rear, keeping a check behind in case they were followed by anything. They could not see very far ahead, even with the makeshift torches they carried with them, and so had no idea how long the tunnel was. Thus they very nearly stumbled on the monster before they saw it. It was a large caterpillar-like creature, white in colour, with many tentacles around its mouth. As soon as it saw them, it reared up on its hindmost most legs, like some caterpillars do, in preparation for a strike. Fortunately, Fero and Thadora saw it and shouted for the Wolf pack to halt.
‘Carrion Crawler,’ Randa whispered to Carthinal. Then she called to those in front. ‘Keep away from the tentacles. They have a poison that will paralyse.’
Carthinal seized the mana, and the now familiar silvery missiles shot from his fingers to hit the creature just beneath its raised head. At the same time, Davrael and Kimi released their arrows. Kimi’s hit, but Davrael missed. Fero and Thadora were scrambling backwards out of the way of the head, which was now descending towards them, and Basalt and Asphodel were also moving backwards. Unfortunately, Thadora tripped on a slight hollow in the floor of the tunnel and fell directly under the creature’s head. The tentacles struck. By this time, Fero had reached a safe distance and let off a shot, along with a bolt from Basalt’s cross bow and a stone from Asphodel’s sling. All three missiles hit. The final arrows from Davrael and Kimi, along with one from Randa dispatched the creature.
Fero rushed towards Thadora. ‘Come on, Red Cub,’ he said, ‘You’re all right. The thing’s dead now.’
Thadora made no response, just lay motionless on the ground. Asphodel pushed Fero out of the way. She knelt down on the ground beside Thadora and gently felt her pulse and checked her breathing.
Then she felt all over her for wounds. ‘Bring a light here, someone,’ she commanded.
In the light of the lamp she looked for any signs of wounds, but found none except for a rash of reddish pinpricks on Thadora’s neck where the tentacles had hit the young thief.
‘She’s alive, at any rate,’ Asphodel told the others. ‘Her breathing and pulse are steady, and I can see no wounds except for these marks where she was hit. The poison is fast acting though. She went down immediately. Randa, do you know about how venomous the poison is?’
‘I’m sorry, Asphodel,’ replied the girl, ‘I can’t remember what the book said. As I told you, I used to browse the books as a child. I wasn’t looking for practical information, so I didn’t take much notice of details.’
‘I don’t think it will be fatal to creatures the size of humans, elves and dwarves,’ Asphodel went on. ‘If it were, then I suspect Thadora’s vital signs would be less strong, and showing signs of fading. I think she’s just temporarily paralysed.’ ‘At least I hope so.’ she thought to herself.
It was just as Asphodel said. After five minutes or so, Thadora’s eyes moved and looked around the Wolves, gathered around her, then slowly she regained her movement.
When she could speak, she said, ‘It’s kinda cool that you’re all so worried ’bout me. Thanks. No body ’cept Mam ever seemed bothered afore.’ Then she sat up carefully. ‘Me neck’s bloody sore though,’ she told them.
Asphodel tried a healing, praying to Sylissa for ease for Thadora’s pain, and Thadora said that she felt a little better. Some of the stinging had passed away. She was still a little groggy on her feet, but expressed her view that she could carry on.
They continued down the tunnel, but at a slower rate and with frequent stops to look and listen and they met no further denizens of the underground. Then the tunnel did a sharp left turn. They could see that, a dozen or so feet ahead, it ended, not in a stone wall, but with an iron bound wooden door. Thadora approached carefully, looking and feeling for any traps. The others stood back as she instructed them.
‘Take care, Red Cub,’ called Bas. (The name given to her by the yeti seemed to have stuck.)
In reply, she gave him a jaunty wave. She reached the door and inspected it on all sides before turning her attention to the lock. Careful examination in the light of the torch seemed to indicate that all was clear, so she tried the door. It was locked. She searched the lock again, and spotted a simple trap. If she had tried to pick the lock, a needle hidden in it would have struck her. She carefully removed the needle. It was probably poisoned, so she placed it in a leather wrapper in her pouch of thieves’ tools so that she would not inadvertently prick herself with it later. After a final check, she inserted a lock pick and quickly had the door open. The others came forward. They looked into the cave beyond, and saw no dangers apparent, so they cautiously entered.
Carthinal held his torch aloft and its flickering light illuminated the cave with leaping shadows. It was not a large cave, and it seemed to have been worked to make it larger. At least, that is what Basalt said when he examined some marks on the walls.  

‘Not very good work, though,’ he opined. ‘Done in a hurry, I’d say, and not by dwarfs either. Even in a hurry, dwarfs make better work than this.’
They walked round the cave, which was about fifteen feet across, and roughly circular in shape. In the centre of the cave was a large stone sarcophagus. They walked slowly towards it. They were not sure why, but hurrying did not seem appropriate here. Nor did talking. There was a feeling of righteousness and goodness about the place.
‘A bit like a temple or other holy place,’ Thadora was to say later in describing their quest.
They spread themselves around the sarcophagus, each subconsciously standing at one of the cardinal points of the compass. On the sarcophagus was a brass plaque. It was engraved with some kind of writing, but had corroded somewhat with age. Carthinal leaned over and rubbed it with his sleeve. Some of the corrosion came off, and he read,

‘“Here Lie the Mortal Remains of
The Greatest King Ever to Serve the Land
King Sauvern I
By his Side Lies His Famous Sword, Equilibrium,
Awaiting Its Call to Action Once More.”’

‘Does that mean we have to remove the lid of the Sarcophagus?’ asked Kimi. ‘That doesn’t seem right. To disturb the last rest of a great King.’
‘That’s what is implied,’ replied Carthinal.
‘Then we’d better get on with it then,’ said Basalt, ever practical.
They pushed at the stone lid, which was extremely heavy, but eventually it moved to the side. When they peered inside the coffin, they saw the bones of what had once been a tall man. The body had been dressed in chain mail armour, and had a beautifully worked helmet on his head, made to look like a winged hawk, with the head and beak forming the nose piece, and wings stretched backwards. A shield and a sword were grasped in his hands, bony fingers holding on tightly. There was a large sapphire in a setting at the top of the pommel of the longsword and the grip was ridged with what looked like gold. The quillons, or cross pieces each had a smaller sapphire at the end and were decorated with gold, The blade had a blunt section, called a ricasso, at the top end just below the quillons. Here was set another sapphire. The blade had a fuller running down the length.
‘We can’t disturb him,’ Randa whispered, ‘It would be sacrilege.’
‘If anyone can, it must be us,’ Carthinal replied, also in a whisper. ‘We are the prophesied ones it seems, and now the Guardians have gone, anyone can get in here.’
‘I suppose you’re right, but it doesn’t make me feel any better.’
Carthinal reached in carefully to grasp the Sword.
Suddenly he withdrew his hand. ‘It burned me,’ was all he said, looking surprised and hurt. Thadora and Basalt suppressed chuckles.
‘Let me try,’ Basalt said, trying not to laugh at Carthinal’s discomfort, but when he reached in, he could not lift the Sword at all. It seemed to him to be incredibly heavy.
He struggled and tried, all to no avail in spite of his strength. Eventually, he gave up, puffing and panting. By now, Thadora could not contain herself, and was nearly exploding with giggles. Kimi and Fero had also joined in with her amusement. Now Fero decided he would try and received an electric shock for his pains. By now, they were beginning to feel they were not the right people. Randa decided to have a try, and then after her, Thadora said she would try, but that would be the last. There was no one else since the horselords did not use swords.
Randa approached the last resting-place of Sauvern, the king who had united Grosmer and defeated the Raiders. To Randa’s surprise, the Sword came out of the skeleton king’s grasp easily, almost as though he had released it to her, and she lifted it up in salute to Sauvern. She swished it a few times and declared it to be perfectly balanced and the most incredible weapon she had ever held. Then she looked round at the others and it was her turn to laugh. The expression on their faces was one to behold. A mixture of incredulity and amazement on all their faces, mixed with not a little envy on the faces of a couple of the Wolves.
They were still looking surprised when they heard a sound. Those with their backs to the door, turned and the others looked in that direction, all ready for action. They saw, silhouetted in the doorway, the figure of a tall man. He was wearing a robe that looked to be made of red silk, and was belted at the waist by a soft leather belt. Over his shoulders was a cloak of red velvet, and on his head was a circlet of gold, with the symbols of all the gods surmounted at intervals. He was holding a sceptre indicating rulership in his left hand. The strange thing was that he seemed to be here, and yet not here. He was near enough to touch if they reached out, yet he seemed very far away. Not one of them felt afraid. They knew this was not an evil apparition. None of them was able to explain this afterwards, but they all agreed that this was what they felt.
Then the figure spoke. ‘I am Sauvern. The gods have allowed me to wait for your coming before being born again on the Wheel of Life. I have returned to your plane briefly, although my time is short. You are those prophesied who are to come to claim the Sword.’ He turned to Randa. ‘The Sword has chosen, and will remain with you, my lady, until the day you die, unless you prove unworthy. No one else will it permit to touch it, as you have no doubt found. Use it well.’
He then turned to the others. ‘Your task is not yet finished, your destiny not complete, so the gods tell me. They will not permit me to see what you must do, but the Sword and Swordbearer are needed at this time. Your paths will have many crossroads where you will need to make decisions that may impact on the future. Already you have all made important decisions that have brought you together. Many of those decisions, I believe, were decisions involving some act of independence. This spirit of independence in each of you is what makes you what you are, and ironically makes your companionship the stronger. The time ahead of you is uncertain indeed, and fraught with dangers. You will be tested in the future. You must all face dark times ahead, but you must be strong and overcome these trials. Remember your sworn oath. The gods heard you and accepted it. You must always remember you are the Wolves.’
With that, he slowly began to fade. As the apparition disappeared, they heard these last words. ‘Take whatever you need from my tomb. All is yours. Swordbearer, I give you this.’
A tooled leather scabbard fell to the floor as the apparition finally disappeared.
After standing for a few minutes, Basalt was the first to recover his senses. ‘Well, you heard the man,’ he said to Randa. ‘Go get the scabbard, girl, and put the Sword away.’
Randa walked slowly towards the said piece of equipment as if she thought it might vanish any moment as its previous owner had. She slowly picked it up and examined it.
‘It’s a fine piece of workmanship,’ she said, as she donned it and sheathed the sword.
‘Of course it is,’ Bas responded. ‘It belonged to a king, didn’t it? Can’t expect him to have just any piece of old leather made into a scabbard.’
The others had recovered by now, and were again looking into the sarcophagus. They were still reluctant to take the armour, which was amazingly, still bright and shining as was the helmet and gauntlets. Then Davrael reached in and lifted the helm off the head of the skeleton.
‘A bird of prey,’ he said. ‘The totem of my tribe is hawk.’
‘Put it on, Davrael,’ Carthinal urged. ‘Sauvern, or rather, his ghost, told us to take anything we needed.’
Davrael slowly lowered the helm over his head. The wings swept back over his head, and the head and beak of the bird came down to protect his nose. Its claws were made to cover the ears on each side. With this helmet and the tattoo on his face, Davrael looked truly fearsome.
‘If I didn’t know you, I think I’d be afraid,’ Kimi said to him, smiling, ‘but I know what a pussy cat you really are, even if you try to pretend otherwise.’
Davrael looked at her, put on a fierce expression and lunged towards her. ‘You know what pussy cats do to little mouses,’ he said as he lunged.
She jumped backwards, letting out a little squeal, then let him catch her up and swing her round. ‘Ouch, Davrael. Those claws hurt,’ she complained, as he hugged her to him, and he reluctantly let her go.
The others were looking at the mail and gauntlets still in the coffin.
‘The chain mail may fit you, Fero,’ said Basalt.
‘No. Chain mail will make too much noise when I’m tracking and hunting. I prefer to stick to leather,’ the ranger replied.
‘Same fer me. It’d be no bleedin’ use to a thief, even if it’d fit me,’ said Thadora.
‘It’s too big for a dwarf,’ said Carthinal’ ‘and no use to a mage either as it would interfere with the magic.’
‘That leaves Davrael, Randa and Asphodel as I’m sure it wouldn’t fit Kimi; she’s so tiny,’ Thadora put in.
‘I’ve already got chain mail,’ Randa pointed out. ‘I think the only one it will fit is Davrael.’
‘Unless it’s elven chain,’ mused Asphodel. ‘Sometimes enchantments are put on by the elf mages to make it fit anyone.’
‘Is that true, Asphodel?’ asked Basalt. ‘I’ve heard tales, but never quite believed them.’ 
‘Only one way to find out!’ said Carthinal. ‘Someone must try it on whom it seems not to fit.’
Asphodel was chosen. Kimi was unsure about using chain mail. She had never needed any armour at all until she had left her home, but Davrael had insisted that for her safety she should wear leather armour at least.
Asphodel removed the leather armour she was wearing and donned the chain mail. At first it seemed to swamp her, but then a strange thing happened. The armour seemed to shiver, and then the rings seemed to slowly shrink, pulling it to a perfect fit. It was indeed elven chain mail with an enchantment on it to fit anyone. It felt so light that Asphodel felt as though she were not wearing armour at all. She pulled the tabard with the holy symbol of Sylissa over her head and was ready to continue. There was now the question of the gauntlets. Were they magical too? Randa had the Sword, Davrael the helm, Asphodel the chain mail. Carthinal could not use armour for fear of interfering with his magic, and Fero declined. The three remaining Wolves decided to try them on to see whom they would best fit. Thadora thus came by a pair of beautifully fitting leather gauntlets. She was unsure about them at first, thinking they may hinder her movements when drawing her bow that she had been practising under the tutelage of both Fero and Davrael. Then she decided to give it a go as they would protect her hands in close fighting, so minimising any damage that may affect her lock picking skills.  Finally, Basalt took the shield.
The Wolves left the tomb. They passed the body of the carrion crawler and climbed down the rope they had left back at the passage with the river. Thadora untied the rope and descended last, carrying it with her. The descent seemed very easy to her. Much easier than the ascent had been. When she reached the river bank, she once more protested the loss of her throwing knife, but declined to follow Basalt’s suggestion that she go into the water to reclaim it. They once more ascended the slope, closed the trapdoor, and exited the tomb.

When they got out, they were surprised to find it growing dark. They set up camp before the largest mound, and prepared to eat some of their dried rations. There was a rustle of wings over their heads, and Muldee descended before them.
He spoke to Asphodel in his version of elvish. ‘They’ve gone! The Guardians. What did you do? How did you defeat them?’
She translated for the others, and replied, ‘We came here for a purpose. It seems we were expected. The Guardians have finished their job and have gone to their rest.’
‘About time,’ Muldee replied. ‘Their presence here was spoiling the whole valley. Well, now you’ve finished, I expect you’ll be leaving.’
Asphodel laughed. ‘Are you so keen to be rid of us?’ she asked him.
‘No! Not at all,’ replied the little creature. ‘My brothers and sisters and I have been talking, and we’ve decided we should know more about the world, so they’ve elected me to be the explorer. I’m coming with you!’
The others looked at Asphodel’s amazed face and immediately asked for a translation. When she had done so, she laughed at the faces of the others. They looked as amazed as she supposed she must have done.
‘Is this a good idea?’ queried Basalt, remembering the antics of the dragonet in the water, and how amused he had seemed to nearly drown them all.
‘I don’t see how we can stop him,’ replied Fero. ‘He’ll follow us if we don’t agree, and I for one would like to know exactly where he is.’
‘My thinks too,’ replied Davrael, remembering his own loss of dignity at the hands, or maybe one should say, claws, of the young creature.
They reluctantly agreed for Muldee to accompany them. The dragonet then went on to say that they would not find their way out of the valley without him anyway as it was not straightforward. With that, the creature flew to the fire, curled up next to it and within moments was fast asleep.
INTERLUDE

Yssa woke still feeling tired. She must try to relax a bit more. She had been working far too hard on those books Carthinal and Basalt had found. They were very interesting though. She found it hard to leave each evening. Yesterday, Rollo had insisted she eat dinner with him. “For old time’s sake.” he had said. She had agreed to do so. She and Rollo had been lovers once. He had been lonely after the death of his wife. She knew Randa did not remember her, the child had only been three or four years old at the time she and Rollo had been seeing each other, and she had not seen that much of her as the child spent a lot of the time in her nursery.
In the early days after his beloved wife’s death, Rollo had not wanted to look at the child he blamed for this event. He had provided her with all the creature comforts she needed with the best nurses that money could buy, but he rarely went near the nursery to see his daughter. It had been Yssa who had told him that a child needed love as well as food, shelter and warmth. She persuaded Rollo to visit his daughter more often. Fairly soon, Rollo discovered his love for the child, and, to assuage his guilt at neglecting her in her earliest years, he lavished her with not only love, but attention and showered her with gifts, giving in to her every whim. Thus Randa had grown into a beautiful, but spoiled child who had become a beautiful, but wilful and snobbish young lady.
The door opened and admitted Emmienne. She and Tomac had arrived about three sixdays ago from Bluehaven. They were Mabryl’s other apprentices that she had promised Carthinal she would take under her wing. They were proving to be very good. The girl, Emmienne, had taken to bringing her tea each morning along with hot water for her to wash, and Tomac was excellent at lighting fires. She could hear him busying himself doing that job at the moment. She smiled at Emmienne.
‘Thank you.’ she said. ‘Put the tea there. I’ll be up in a minute.’
The girl did as she was bid and then left. She was a plain girl, Yssa thought—about  seventeen, with a slender figure and chestnut hair. Tomac was younger. He was fourteen, and had a shock of jet-black hair, which he found difficult to keep tidy. He tried to keep it tied back, but it kept escaping its confinement. She smiled. She liked her new apprentices very much, and if she were honest, she liked the attention they gave her too.
After drinking her tea, Yssa rose. As she did so, she was overcome by a feeling of nausea, and giddiness. It had happened once or twice recently. She hoped she was not going to go down with some illness or other. She did not want to lose time on her translations of the books. She dressed and the moment passed.
Later in the day, she was giving some instruction to her apprentices. She wanted them to try to learn a simple spell when Emmienne asked about Carthinal.
‘When did he leave, Yssa?’ she asked.
Yssa looked at her. She wondered if the girl had a crush on the half-elf. She would not blame her if she had. She herself had fallen under his spell and she was hardly an impressionable young girl.
‘He and his companions left on the twenty second of Khaldar. That will be five and a half sixdays.’
Something began to dawn on her when she spoke of that time. In her mind she did some quick calculations. She realised that she had not had her monthly bleeding since before that date. She had been working so hard on the books that she had not realised. What with the translations and the new apprentices to settle in she had been so busy. Now she realised what her nausea and giddiness meant. She was pregnant. There was little doubt. She was always regular as clockwork, and now, she calculated she was two bleedings missing. She paled. What was she to do?
Yssa finished her lesson with the two apprentices and then said, ‘You two have worked hard since you came to me. You deserve a break. Take this and go and have a good time in Hambara.’
She threw a bag of coins towards them. Tomac caught it deftly, and thanking her profusely, the pair rushed from the room, as anxious to be gone as Yssa was for them to leave.
Once alone, she contemplated her position. She did not want a child. She had never felt maternal in any way, but abortion was quite out of the question. Elves have a reverence for all life, even that of the unborn and Yssa was no exception in this respect. She was going to have a child, and there was no going back. How had she been so careless? Her work, even before the finding of the hidden books had absorbed her so much that she had forgotten to take the herbs to prevent pregnancy.
Her first instinct was to decide to go away, back to Quantissarillishon, the elven capital, and to find refuge with her parents. Her mother would be scandalised at first, of course, but she would soon come round when she thought of a grandchild. She could leave the child there, to be cared for by her parents, and Carthinal need never know. She did not want him to feel he had any obligation to her or the child. The mistake had been hers and hers alone. As the day wore on, she began to see that it was not that simple. She could not just go running off home like a little girl with a grazed knee. She had obligations here. She had taken on two apprentices, and to let them down after they had lost Mabryl in such tragic circumstances was not something she wanted to do. Also there was the translation. It was very important to magic, and she knew she was the best one to do it. No, she must stay here. She still need not tell Carthinal though. He would probably be back before her pregnancy became obvious, and then he would go back to Bluehaven where he probably had family and friends. She suddenly realised how little she knew about this charismatic half-elf who had captured her heart in spite of herself; she, who was so worldly wise.
During the next few days, she seemed distracted. Rollo noticed and she confessed to him that she was pregnant.
Then she asked him, ‘Rollo, if someone were going to have your child and did not tell you, how would you feel if you later found out?’
‘You are considering not telling the father I take it?’ the Duke replied.
Yssa nodded.
‘I won’t ask who it is,’ he continued, ‘but if it were me, and I found out later, I would be very hurt and maybe angry too.’
‘Yes, I thought you’d say that,’ sighed Yssa. Her problem was not solved and she continued to think hard.




PART 3



HOMEWARD
CHAPTER 28

HOBGOBLINS

The next morning, they left the vicinity of the tombs. Muldee told them that the best way was to follow the northern side of the lake as the exit they wanted was on that side of the valley and so they duly followed him. He alternated between flying and walking, but his walking was rather slow, so he started riding on one or the other’s shoulders. They put up with this as he was not very heavy, and he did not stay long before taking off again. When he landed on Davrael’s shoulders, he suddenly jumped making Davrael curse.
‘Asphodel,’ the dragonet called to the elf, ‘This helm of Davrael’s is magic. It startled me when I felt it. I wasn’t expecting it.’
‘How can you tell?’ she asked him.
‘Made me feel funny,’ he said.
‘Can you always tell if something is magical?’ she continued.
The dragonet looked surprised. ‘Of course,’ he replied, ‘Good magic or bad. Each feels different.’
‘What about the other things we got from the tomb?’
He touched each item in turn and confirmed that they were all magical in some way, and that it was not bad magic.
‘All we need to know now is what kind of magic they have,’ said Randa when Asphodel had told them what Muldee was doing. ‘We’ve no idea what they do.’
They followed Muldee’s directions and found that they were heading much further north than they would have thought, but the little creature assured them that this was the only way out.
‘All the branches towards the south are dead ends,’ he told Asphodel when she asked about the direction. ‘I told you that you needed me to find your way.’
The dragonet was beginning to learn Grosmerian. He was learning quickly. He experimented by trying to get into the minds of the companions. Unknown to the group, dragonets had a certain talent for telepathy. He discovered that Thadora and Asphodel were the easiest for him to read, but he found Basalt almost impossible. This talent made his learning of Grosmerian all the easier. One day he surprised Thadora by managing to speak to her telepathically. It frightened the girl at first, but she became used to it, and even managed to respond. She was not very happy about the idea of the little creature “rummaging around in me ’ead at me most private thoughts,” as she put it, so Muldee said he would teach her how to shield her own thoughts and also promised not to pry. This seemed to help Thadora come to terms with the idea of telepathic speech.
Two days after beginning their journey from the valley, they came to a place where it narrowed, passing between cliffs on either side. There was a stream at the bottom, and a few trees managing to cling to the banks. By now, many of them were looking a very pretty shade of pale green as they burst into leaf. Birds were well on the way with their nesting, and many animals were giving birth. They were all walking along and feeling very pleased with themselves when suddenly Randa felt a tingling from the Sword at her hip, and from the sides of the valley, where they had been hidden from view by the rocks and bushes, sprang a couple of dozen hobgoblins.
Randa drew her Sword and began to fight, as did the others. Carthinal quickly gave the command to his staff to set armour on himself and then sent a ball of multicoloured light at one of the hobgoblins which blinded him as well as causing injury, followed by some missiles from his staff. The others were all fighting strongly, but it was in vain as they were too greatly outnumbered. Even Asphodel was striking out with her mace, which she had hardly used since she had acquired it from the temple before leaving Hambara. She even managed to do some damage to the enemy while avoiding damaging her companions. When they were eventually all captured, they found there were only fourteen of the hobgoblins standing, and some of those were bleeding.
‘We made them hurt though!’ whispered a voice in Carthinal’s ear, sounding strangely satisfied. He turned his head and was surprised to see Asphodel standing next to him, her arms tied behind her and an uncharacteristically savage expression on her face.
A rough voice, obviously the leader of the ambush party, said something in a strange, guttural language, and they were searched and their weapons removed. They looked over to a large hobgoblin dressed in chain mail. He was tall, well over six feet, with a typically animalistic hobgoblin face with tusks reaching up from his lower jaw. His eyes were brown, but had a hard, cruel look, and his mouth seemed to be in a permanent sneer. His men were obviously afraid of him and obeyed him with alacrity. The other hobgoblins were smaller and were wearing leather armour reinforced with metal studs. They all had cross-bows and melee weapons, some with axes, some with war hammers, some even had short swords and all looked as though he knew how to use his weapon of choice.
The hobgoblin that tried to remove the Sword from Randa, quickly dropped it, and ran around blowing on his hand. He had obviously been burned by the Sword’s defence mechanism. The leader ordered another of the creatures to pick it up, but he failed. The Sword was just too heavy. He dragged it with the help of a second of the hobgoblins to the leader of the gang. The leader looked at the two, and then at Randa and said something scathing, judging by the looks of his two men.
Fero had managed to pick up a little hobgoblin on his travels, and he whispered to the others. ‘He says they must be weaker than a mouse if they cannot lift a sword wielded so effortlessly by a mere woman.’
Randa looked incensed at being called a “mere woman”, and was about to respond when the leader came up to them. He kicked out at Randa and caught her on the ankle. She refrained from crying out, and just managed to stay on her feet.
‘You not be hurt if you not fight,’ he said in a harsh voice. ‘Where your pet?’
They were puzzled for a while, then realised that he was talking about Muldee. Carthinal shrugged and was hit across the mouth, for his insolence, so the hobgoblin said.
‘No matter. It only small creature. It probably run away. Must be afraid of mighty hobgoblins. Would have made good sale though. Bring lot of money for Khland. Khland take Sword for own. It do much damage to Khland’s men. It good Sword.’
He walked over to the Sword, and picked it up. It was no longer heavy, and Khland, so they assumed was his name, gave a disgusted look to the two who had dragged it to him. Randa did notice a wince, however, and after he had strapped on the sword round his waist, she caught him looking surreptitiously at his hand.
The hobgoblins marched the party along at a brisk pace, allowing no talk at all between them. Thadora wondered where Muldee had got to, but then decided he probably thought it was too dangerous in the world and had flown back to his siblings. Suddenly one of the hobgoblins at the rear of the line put his hand to his head and crumpled up in a heap, moaning about a loud noise in his brain. They stopped, and the leader, Khland, demanded to know why.
There was a hurried discussion in hobgoblin, which Fero tried to hear, but failed, and then the injured creature was dispatched with an axe, stripped of his armour, weapons and money, and the column moved off again. This happened again during the day, and the same procedure was repeated.
That evening, they made camp in a barren place. They had been going steadily northwards since leaving the valley, and the mountains had given way to hills covered with heather. These moorland hills were bleak, and the east wind cut across them with an icy blast. There were little valleys with small streams in them, and every now and then, a rill joined a bigger stream, tumbling down through the heather in a series of little waterfalls. There were few trees here and what few there were, were poor stunted things that leaned away from the prevailing wind, which was usually from the west and gave no shelter from the icy blast.
The hobgoblins set up a large tent for their commander, and while this was going on, he amused himself by taunting the captives.
‘You be cold tonight,’ he told them. ‘Not possible to make fire. Heather burn easy. Too easy. You be hungry too. Have only small foods for you.’
‘Why have you captured us? Where are you taking us?’ demanded Randa imperiously.
‘You not speak to Khland unless told,’ and he kicked her in the stomach.
She doubled up in pain, tears springing unbidden to her eyes, but she was determined not to let them fall and give Khland the satisfaction that he had hurt her, so she straightened as best she could and, with her most proud look, gave him a disdainful glare. Khland was about to kick her again, when one of the hobgoblin patrol came up and said something to him.
He said to Randa, ‘Wait till later. Khland hurt you then. Not damage badly though. Orders not to, but no orders not to hurt you.’ With that he strode off to where his tent was now ready.
The Wolves stood and stared after Khland.
‘If he touches you again,’ said Fero, ‘I swear I’ll kill him myself. Somehow.’
‘’Ow, wi’ yer ’ands bleedin’-well tied and no weapons?’ asked Thadora, somewhat scornfully, Fero thought.
‘I’ll find a way,’ snarled Fero, slumping to the ground. ‘I’ll not let him hurt any of you girls,’ he went on.
The others also sat down and eventually a bowl of thin stew was placed before them, with eight spoons dipped into it. There was no bread.
‘How are we supposed to eat with our hand tied behind us?’ Carthinal complained.
‘I go ask,’ replied the hobgoblin, and disappeared towards the tent of his commander.
It seemed that they could do nothing without the permission of Khland. They watched as he spoke to the guards, and then Khland came out, said something to him and cuffed him around the head. The chastised creature came back and untied their hands, but tied their feet together, one left foot to the next person’s right. All except Carthinal. He had his feet tied as did the others, but his hands were not released.
‘Hands of mage stay tied so he not do magic,’ was all they were told.
‘I’ll feed you some of this stuff if you want, Carthinal,’ said Kimi. (She was sitting between him and Davrael.
‘I’m tempted to say I don’t want any of it, but I suppose we should all eat something,’ he replied, ‘but goodness knows what it is. I’d rather not think about that.’
They ate, and afterwards, their hands were retied, but his time in front of them, except for Carthinal, whose hands remained as they were. It was very cold, the wind getting up more strongly as darkness fell. They could see a brazier around which the hobgoblins were sitting or lying down sleeping, and a light was flickering in the tent of Khland showing that he too had some heating. They huddled together as best they could for warmth, but passed a very uncomfortable, cold and sleepless night.
The next day, they were all very tired. They were dragged roughly to their feet and made to march again, still over the rough moorland terrain. They were given nothing to eat this morning, and only a minimal drink of water. They stumbled on, each wondering whether they were more miserable now than they were in the mountains. At least in the mountains they had been free. It was difficult to walk, as their feet were still tied and they found they stumbled frequently, much to the amusement of the hobgoblins. 

Just as they stopped for a brief respite for the hobgoblins (but not their captives) to have a brief bite and drink, one of their number suddenly clasped his head. He said something that Fero translated as “Blinding headache.” He was told to get to his feet and to continue marching with the others. They almost felt sorry for him as he was obviously feeling very rough.
‘You should not drink so much while on the march,’ Khland told him. (Translated by Fero.) In reply, the afflicted creature moaned that he had hardly had any last night. He was kicked and told to go ahead as a scout. Later in the day, they found his body lying in the heather, quite dead. As with the others, they stripped him and left him for the wild creatures.
‘Do you think it’s some disease that’s killing them?’ asked Kimi nervously.
‘Possibly,’ Asphodel speculated, ‘but it seems very quick acting. I’ve not heard of anything like it.’
‘Let’s just hope it only affects hobgoblins then,’ said Carthinal.
Later in the day it began to rain. A light drizzle only at first, but soon they were all wet through. The rain continued harder as the day progressed, and the captives were thoroughly miserable. The easterly wind continued and it seemed to go right through them, wet as they were. They could not talk any more as they were punched or kicked if they tried to communicate. They saw a creature flying high above them once or twice, but could not make out what it was. Thadora hoped it was Muldee and that he could somehow get some help to them, but whenever it came lower, the hobgoblins fired bolts from their cross bows, and one came very close to hitting it and it flew away again. 
In this manner the next day passed. That night, Fero began to shiver and sweat. He complained of aches and feeling unwell. Asphodel diagnosed ’flu, but she hoped secretly it was nothing worse. She demanded to see Khland, and when he eventually came to them at dawn, she expressed her view that Fero could not travel and that he needed rest and warmth to recover. Khland growled that there was no time. Fero must continue with them or be left for the wild beasts.
‘Have headache?’ Khland asked Fero.
‘I ache everywhere,’ was the reply.
‘You not got same illness as men?’ he asked.
Asphodel replied for Fero.
‘I’m sure it’s not. Your men had a headache and then dropped. Fero has a fever and aches all over. I’m sure it’s ’flu brought on by us being so cold and wet.’
‘We be at hobgoblin camp less than two more days. Only one more night on road.’ With that he hobbled back to his tent.
They had all noticed that he was limping rather badly, and that he had still got Equilibrium strapped to his waist, and they each decided that it was the Sword that was causing him some pain. They found a grudging admiration for the hobgoblin captain to endure such pain as they knew the Sword could inflict. Then the creature in the sky descended and their attention was drawn away from Khland. One of the hobgoblins raised his crossbow and took aim, but immediately he fell down clutching his head, and was found to be unconscious. There was a murmuring amongst the other hobgoblins, but one harsh look from Khland silenced them quickly.
‘Kill him and we go on,’ said Khland, and the others quickly complied.
They marched on for a while until Thadora felt what she later described as a “scratching in her brain.” She tried to make it go away, and it did indeed fade a little, but then it began again more forcefully, until she thought she could hear words in her head.
‘Stop blocking, silly girl.’
She looked around but could see no one.
‘It is me! Muldee!’ she heard. ‘I follow. I attack. I try chief next. He a big man. Hard to hurt. Others afraid. Think they have illness.’
She tried to think back to the little creature.
‘I ’ear yer, Muldee. You’re causing this “illness” in th’ bleedin’ ’obgoblins? ’Ow cool is that?’
‘Yes. I make loud noise in heads. It kill little creatures. Many dragonets together can kill bigger creature. One dragonet only hurt hobgoblins. Maybe it enough. I go. Mindspeak make me tired. Need strength for hurting.’
Thadora passed on what she could to the others when no hobgoblins were looking so she would not get beaten. The news seemed to raise their hopes somewhat, even Fero, ill as he was feeling.
After about an hour, as they were marching along, Khland raised his hand to his head and stumbled, but he managed to regain his balance and limped on with a pained expression on his face. The rest of the party of hobgoblins looked at each other, then quickly away again.  After a few more miles, Khland again stumbled, this time falling to his knees. He allowed a groan to escape his lips, but he struggled to his feet and staggered off down the road. Almost immediately, Muldee landed in the heather ahead of them. Carthinal hoped that it was not too close to the hobgoblins, but they did not seem to notice as they were all looking anxiously at their leader, with, Carthinal thought, hope in their eyes. There was a rustling in the heather as the dragonet tried to get nearer to the hobgoblin leader, and then he again fell down, this time to lie face down on the track. He did not move. The other hobgoblins stood frozen for a few minutes and then one cautiously went forward and poked the immobile Khland. Still nothing. He came back to the others and said something in his own language. There was a brief discussion and then the hobgoblins came over to their captives and roughly searched them for any valuables, while two others went and systematically robbed Khland. The hobgoblins took all the gold the Wolves had on them, but left them their armour. Carthinal supposed it was not valuable enough for it to be worth carrying the extra weight. The Wolves packs that they were carrying including group’s weapons, they dropped as they fled away from their captives and vicious leader.
After they were gone, Muldee appeared from the heather.
‘Hurry. He not dead, just unconscious. Must leave quickly.’
‘Thank you, but we can’t move well tied up like this,’ Carthinal told him. ‘Can you do anything to help us escape?’
‘I’ve spent time tryin’ ter work meself loose,’ came a response from Thadora, ‘An’ I think I’ve nearly succeeded in loosenin’ th’ rope enough ter slip me ’and out.’
‘I bite through rope too.’
Between them, they managed to get out of their bonds. They searched the hobgoblin leader and found no gold, but only the Sword. It seems the other hobgoblins had not dared to touch it. As Randa removed it from Khland, she noticed that his left leg looked as though it had frostbite, and she felt a grudging admiration for the determination of the creature that he had continued to wear it in spite of what was obviously a great deal of pain.
‘I think we should kill ’im,’ said Thadora. ‘After all, ’e bloody well ’urt us and wasted some of ’is own men when they was ’elpless. He’s a soddin’ brute.’
‘And make us as bad as he is?’ replied Asphodel. ‘No, Thadora. I will not kill a helpless creature, nor be party to such an action, even if he is an evil brute.’
So picking up their dropped packs, they set off down the road, free once more.
CHAPTER 29

SHEPHERD

Fero could barely walk now, his fever getting worse and Davrael and Carthinal were half carrying him. Asphodel declared they would have to find some shelter quickly, but this was easier said than done in this barren land.
‘There must be some people living around here,’ exclaimed Basalt after they had walked slowly on for around an hour, ‘After all, there seem to be sheep on the hills. Someone must look after them.’
Then Carthinal spotted what he thought looked like a dwelling some distance ahead.
‘Lets hope that the occupants are friendly, if the place is occupied at all,’ he said. They all concurred with this hope.
When they eventually reached the hut, for it could be called little else, they noticed smoke coming from the chimney, indicating that the hut was indeed occupied. There was a pen at the side of the hut, built with stone, as was the hut itself, and the pen had a shelter also. A woodpile leaned at the other side of the hut, covered by a lean-to. Carthinal knocked on the door, and called out.
‘We are travellers who are in dire need of shelter. We will not harm you. Please may we come in?’
A man’s voice called out from inside.
‘Few come this way. You are welcome. Enter.’
Carthinal suggested to Muldee that he remain outside at least for the moment, as they did not want to frighten whoever lived in the hut. They would call him if they felt it was all right for him to come in. When the little creature agreed, they opened the door and found themselves in a small one-roomed place. There was a fire burning in a hearth at one end of the room, in front of which were lying two black and white sheepdogs. The room was sparsely furnished. There was a small bed against the opposite wall, a table in the centre with four chairs and two comfortable chairs by the fireside. The furniture was shabby and old, but serviceable, and the floor was strewn with fresh rushes. There was a delicious smell of stew coming from a pot suspended over the fire. The companions’ stomachs rumbled at the aroma.
‘Lamb and herbs, if I’m not much mistaken,’ thought Asphodel.
The sole occupant of the room was sitting in one of the chairs by the fire. It was an old man with grey hair and a gnarled face, but the eyes in that face were of a bright and twinkling blue, indicating an intelligent and active mind.
‘Pardon me if I don’t get up to welcome you,’ he said. ‘My bones are not as young as they were. I keep saying I’ll retire and go and live with my son and his wife down in the valley, but I know I’d miss these hills and the sheep. My son says I’m mad to not give up, but you know how it is. You are welcome to share my hut, such as it is. You are from Grosmer, I take it since you are speaking Grosmerian?’
‘Yes, we are,’ replied Carthinal. ‘At least we came from there, and most of us call it home, even if we were not all born there. I take it that in our travels we’ve managed to cross the border. This is Pelimor I assume?’
The man nodded.
‘You crossed some way back, but on these moors the border is not marked.’
‘How is it that you speak Grosmerian so well?’ queried Randa.
‘I live near the border, so get the occasional traveller, and also, sometimes I used to take sheep over to the markets in Grosmer in my younger days, so I learned your language quite well.’
‘Lucky for us too,’ replied Carthinal, ‘None of us speak Pelimorese.’
‘Please may we get Fero somewhere to lie down?’ Asphodel said rather sharply. ‘He’s nearly falling down as it is. We can do the introductions after he’s settled.’
‘Put your friend in the bed,’ said the old shepherd. ‘What’s wrong with him? ’Flu is it? I’ve a herbal preparation that I take for that. It’s very good although the sickness has still to run its course, but it does help with the fever and seems to prevent the worsening of it.’
While Asphodel, with the help of Bas, got Fero out of his clothes and into the bed, the old man rummaged through a cupboard and found a bottle of some preparation. Then he and Asphodel went into a huddle to discuss the contents and dosage to give to the tall ranger. After a few minutes, he turned to them and told them to help themselves to the stew.
‘You must be hungry. The stew is lamb. One of this winter’s, only a few weeks old, but rejected by its mother. I failed to keep it thriving, so I killed it for the meat. It’s good and tender.’
‘I’m afraid we had all our gold stolen and so cannot pay you,’ Carthinal told the old man, ‘but we’ll do whatever we can to help to recompense you for anything we eat or use. We are all fit and healthy, and can work for as long as we’re here.’
‘Don’t worry about such things. You’re my guests. Go ahead and eat.’
They did not need telling again, and quickly found bowls and spoons. The lamb stew was indeed delicious, and after eating, they all felt much better. Basalt got out his dwarven spirits that he had kept for “special occasions” and deemed this was one of them so they passed his flask round. It was much appreciated by the old man, who told them his name was Grandolin. He spent the late winter and early spring in this hut as long as the sheep were lambing. He lived alone with his dogs, Fren and Crue, who helped him with the sheep.
‘You are lucky to find me here. Lambing is almost over. A few ewes still to drop, then they will be turned out onto the moors. I’ll visit from time to time to check on them, but this is the only time I spend any length of time here. Yon ranger looks in a bad way. You say you were robbed? By whom? There’re few enough travellers hereby, and so no bandits and robbers.’
So they told him about the capture by hobgoblins, leaving out the finding of the Sword, simply saying they were making their way to Pelimor in search of adventure. They also told him of the existence of Muldee and how the dragonet had helped save them from the hobgoblins by using his mind skills.
‘You young people!’ he went on. ‘Always so restless. You must go and find danger even though it seems to have no difficulty in finding a body if you don’t look.’  Grandolin sighed. ‘I suppose I was just the same at your age. You all look to be between sixteen and twenty-five. Am I right?’
‘Actually, Asphodel, Basalt and I are both above that in actual years, but in human terms, yes, I suppose you’re right,’ replied Carthinal.
Grandolin asked more about Muldee, and Carthinal fetched the dragonet indoors. The dragonet was pleased to get out of the cold and he and Grandolin discussed the little creature’s abilities.
‘So what you do is not magic then?’
‘Carthinal say not. He cannot feel anything in what he calls “mana”. I think what I do is something maybe anyone can do,’ replied Muldee.
‘Why do you think this?’ asked the old man.
‘I mindspeak some of my friends. They hear me. I think they can block me too, but they do not know what they do. Thadora can sometimes mindspeak to me, too,’ went on the dragonet.
The conversation was interrupted as Fero stirred and began to thrash about. Asphodel rushed over to him and listened to his breathing.
‘Carthinal,’ she called. The half-elf went over to her. ‘I don’t like this,’ she told him. ‘His breathing is bad. Listen to him. I fear he may have pneumonia. He can’t be moved for some time.’
Grandolin came over.
‘He’s bad, isn’t he?’ he said. It was a statement, not a question. ‘Poor young man. Pneumonia if I’m not mistaken. You must stay here until he’s well, or…’ His voice trailed away. ‘My wife died of pneumonia,’ he added softly. ‘Twenty-five years ago tomorrow. And my first born... Still, this young man is exceptionally fit and strong. I expect he’ll get over it. Many do, you know.’
That day, Asphodel remained by Fero’s side, keeping him warm, and feeding him with a mixture the old man provided. It was not something Asphodel knew, but reasoned that it would do him no harm when she had discussed its contents with Grandolin, and who knows, she reasoned, maybe this Peridorean old man knew something about healing, living as he did alone and isolated for much of the year.
Half way through the night, when the others were asleep on the floor of the hut, Randa came over to Asphodel where she was still keeping watch over Fero. Asphodel was feeling tired and was almost asleep but would not leave her post. Randa approached and told her to get some sleep.
‘I’ll watch him and wake you if there’s any change. You’ll be no use to him or anyone else if you make yourself ill or too tired to function.’
The elf was only too grateful, and impressed on Randa that she was to wake her if there was any sign of change whatsoever. Randa took the cloth that Asphodel had been using to wipe Fero’s head, and sat down on the bed beside the tall man. Muldee sat at the head of the bed and crooned a little soothing tune to help Fero sleep more calmly. 
In this manner the night passed. The next morning, Asphodel once more took over and Randa got some sleep. The others all did some chores to help Grandolin. Basalt and Davrael chopped wood, Kimi and Thadora helped to birth a pair of twin lambs, much to the excitement of Thadora, for whom this was yet another new experience, although Kimi was used to helping at the birth of foals. While they were doing this, Carthinal went with Grandolin and his two dogs to check on the other sheep on the moors.
Fero remained very sick and Asphodel was beginning to despair, thinking they were going to lose him. His breathing was laboured, and he was barely conscious most of the time. Some of that time he was delirious, talking to people from his past.
‘No. Papa, Please don’t,’ he cried one night, and began to struggle to sit up and get out of bed. Randa was sitting with him at the time, as she was most nights so that Asphodel could get some rest, and she soothed him with gentle words and stroked his hair. He settled again, saying, ‘I’m all right, Mama. I’m not hurt. Are you hurt?’
‘No, I’m not hurt, Fero. I’m all right,’ Randa said to try to settle the ranger again, and at her words he mumbled something that she could not quite catch, and drifted back to unconsciousness.
Another night, he began to cry.
‘She’s not dead. She can’t be dead. I’ll save her. Oh my poor little Zepola. What will they do to you?’
This went on for five nights during which Randa soothed him and stroked his hair, and held him when he seemed in need of most comfort. In the quiet of the night, when no one was awake, she wept. She realised how much the strength of this man had come to mean to her. She had been so dismissive of him, and the others, at the beginning of their quest, believing that all other classes and races were inferior, and put in the world to serve her and her class. What a small-minded person she had been. How shallow her previous life seemed now. This band of adventurers, who would be treated as little more than thieves and beggars in some places, had taught her more of life and loyalty in a few weeks than she had learned in all her previous eighteen years. She wept at the thought of losing one of them. But it was more than that. Yes, she would weep at the loss of any one of them, but she felt deep within herself that this ranger from so far away had impacted her life in a much stronger way than any of the others. She was drawn to him in a way she could not understand. His quiet voice, his steady presence, all filled her with a new sensation, and when he looked at her as she combed her hair it felt as though his eyes were boring a hole in her head. She could scarcely prevent herself from looking round. She was always aware of his presence, even when she could not see him. When he had touched her to help her over a difficult part of the mountain, she could feel his touch burning into her elbow for hours afterwards. And so she wept.
‘Why are you crying, my Lady?’ The voice was soft, and the hand that brushed her long silvery hair from her face was gentle. She raised her head and her tear-reddened blue eyes met the almost black ones of her charge.
‘I thought you were going to die,’ she replied, in a whisper, before she had time to think.
‘And that gave you cause to cry? I’m honoured that you thought me worth your tears.’ His eyes held hers. She could not look away.
‘I...I… Of course you’re worth it. I...,’ she paused, ‘I promised to tell Asphodel if there was any change in your condition,’ she said in a rush to cover her confusion, starting to get up. Fero reached out and held her arm.
‘Sit with me for a few minutes longer. Please.’ She obeyed his request, and managed to look away from his gaze.
‘How long was I sick?’ he asked, ‘And where are we? I remember being captured by hobgoblins, and being force-marched, and I remember some of them being take ill. Is that what I have had?’
‘No. Asphodel said you had pneumonia from the exposure you had on the moors and the shepherd agreed. This is his hut. They’ve been dosing you with some medicine or other. We’ve been here five days now. The shepherd is very kind and is letting us stay in exchange for help with his chores. But I must tell Asphodel now or she will be very cross,’ she gently removed his hand from where it still rested on her arm, ‘and you must sleep. Proper sleep, not the restless kind you’ve had up to now.’
As she stood, he said, ‘Wait, Randa. I’ve had such strange dreams. Of the past, and also I thought there was someone gently talking to me and holding me through the worst times.’ There was a query in his voice.
Randa responded, ‘I did what I could to help you, Fero.’
He looked up into her face and smiled.
‘Go and get Asphodel now, my Lady,’ and his eyes closed as he drifted into a normal and peaceful sleep.
Asphodel woke when Randa called softly to her and went to check on Fero. She declared that his sleep was more normal, and that he seemed to have lost his feverishness.
‘Randa, you go and get some sleep. I’ll sit here now. It’s nearly dawn anyway.’
Randa gratefully went and lay down in her blankets spread on the rushes and was soon fast asleep. She did not disturb until nearly noon, in spite of the others moving around her, and the two dogs coming over to sniff at her sleeping figure, wondering why she was still asleep in broad daylight.
Although Fero was mostly recovered from his illness, he was still very weak. He remained in bed for two more days then insisted on getting up. As soon as his feet touched the ground, he regretted his insistence as the room began to spin around him, but with typical determination, he struggled to one of the chairs by the fire. He felt as though he had walked ten miles. Asphodel was there though, and she settled him in, tucking a blanket round him. She and Randa took turns with caring for Fero, at Randa’s insistence. The ranger seemed to take comfort from Randa’s presence, a phenomenon that mystified the dwarf.
‘He doesn’t even like her,’ he observed to Carthinal one day as the pair was out working the dogs and rounding up the sheep.
‘Doesn’t he, my friend?’ was all the reply Carthinal gave him.
‘He said to me once that she was beautiful on the outside, and it was a pity she was so ugly inside. That doesn’t sound like someone who likes someone else.’
‘Bas, Randa’s changed,’ Carthinal replied to his friend. ‘She was a snob and, yes, something of a bigot as far as other races are concerned. Remember how she treated you and me in the library at the ducal palace in Hambara? We weren’t humans, and therefore inferior. I think that she used to think that non-humans were not only inferior but none existent. She doesn’t treat us like that any more, does she?’
‘Humph!’ replied the dwarf. ‘She’s got used to us, but what about strangers? How will she feel about them? We’ll have to go through S…Sill…the elven kingdom when we leave here.’ Basalt struggled with the elven name for their land. ‘That will be a true test of whether she’s changed for real. She’ll be surrounded by strange elves.’
One morning, Basalt came up to Thadora as she was preparing some vegetables for the midday meal.
‘I have something for you,’ he said. ‘Call it a belated birthday present if you wish.’
He held out his hand with a small wooden carving in it. Thadora took it and looked at it. It was a young wolf, with its forelegs along the ground and its hind quarters raised. It’s tail was obviously wagging. It was looking at a butterfly on a flower. There was a leather thong running through a ring on the top of the carving.
‘It’s beautiful, Bas,’ said the girl, passing the thong over her head. ‘It’s so, like, real. A young wolf cub playin’ wi’ a butterfly. What a cool idea. An’ I’ve never had a real birthday present afore.’
Thadora showed it to the others and they all declared it to be a beautiful work of art.
‘I suppose it supposed to be you, Red Cub,’ said Davrael. His Grosmerian was improving with constant use and he made fewer mistakes now. He turned to the dwarf. ‘It be nice for us all to have wolf symbol, you know, to show the world that we are one.’
 Basalt decided to carve a wolf for each of them to wear. He tried to put some of each individual’s character into their own particular pendant, and they all agreed that he succeeded very well, and were pleased to wear their new symbols.
They remained there for two further sixdays, and then Fero declared he was fit enough to travel. Asphodel and Randa would have liked to stay for a few more days to allow for a more complete recovery, but they both thought that they had put on Grandolin for long enough. The old shepherd insisted they took enough food with them to last for a sixday as they had no gold to buy any more. They bade him farewell and he made them promise to call on him if ever they were in the area again. This they did, and they set off once more on their journey back to Hambara.
CHAPTER 30

QUANTISSARILLISHON

Travel was slow, but soon they left the high moorland and entered into a country of rolling hills with little villages and farms studded between woods and fields. It was pleasant country, on the east of the Mountains of Doom, on a coastal strip between the mountains and the Bay of Pelimar. They walked steadily onwards, still pausing frequently, until they came to a place where the mountains nearly met the sea itself. They strolled down onto the beach. It was a beautiful, sunny day, and they were feeling very warm. The year was progressing towards the summer solstice. It was nearing the end of Kassidar, and the solstice would be in just over a month’s time.
As they sat resting and watching the waves breaking over the rocks, Carthinal observed, ‘The Duke will think we’re dead, we’ve been gone so long. It was the nineteenth of Khaldar when we left Hambara, and still winter. Now here we are, nearing summer.’
‘Over two months.’ replied Randa. ‘Poor father. Of course, he doesn’t know I’m with you. He’ll be worried about me by now. He’ll have found out I’m not with my mother’s people. I didn’t expect it to take so long. I thought we’d be back within a month.’
‘Most of us did, my Lady.’ Fero had taken to calling her that since his illness, almost as a term of endearment. Randa smiled at him, and he smiled back, his eyes lighting up as he looked at her.
‘There’s something going on there.’ whispered Basalt to Carthinal.
‘So you’ve noticed too then. I should have known you would,’ replied the half-elf.
‘A most unlikely pair though. So different, and I’m not talking about appearance here. I don’t know what’s happened to him, but he certainly seems to have changed his view of her. I only hope she doesn’t hurt him.’
‘The attraction seems to be mutual, Basalt, my friend.’ Carthinal reassured the dwarf. ‘It’s not unknown for a patient to fall for his healer you know.’
‘Asphodel was his healer.’ protested Basalt.
‘Yes, but who sat with him, night after night, and held him when he was calling out and crying? They both think we were all asleep, but I saw how he was, and I saw how Randa helped. I think she felt something for him before that, but it was his sickness that eventually brought them together. Remember you said something to me before?’
‘Yeah!’ Basalt remembered. ‘I don’t trust her though. She’s one of the upper classes. They don’t marry the likes of us, Carthinal. He’s bound to get hurt.’
Carthinal gazed out over the sea, and thought that maybe the dwarf was right. Nobility married other nobility, usually for some gain, either financial or political. They did not usually even mix with the common people. He hoped sincerely that Fero was not falling in love with Randa. He sighed. There was little he could do about it anyway. He had his own problems on that front. The more time he spent in Asphodel’s company, the more he felt for her, but he could not allow his feelings to develop. He was not worthy of her.
Thadora interrupted his musings. ‘Hey! Was that a dolphin out there? I thought I saw somethin’.’
They all looked to where Thadora was pointing. There was nothing to be seen, but suddenly, Asphodel cried out that she too had seen something. Soon it was apparent that there was a pod of dolphins driving fish into the bay. They watched the animals as they chased the fish, leaping out of the water as they did so. Then they disappeared as quickly as they had come.
‘Wow!’ exclaimed Thadora, ‘I’ve never even seen th’ sea before, an’ now I’ve seen dolphins too. Cool! What th’ lads back in ’Ambara’d give ter see such things.’ She grinned then. ‘They’ll never believe me when I tells ’em.’
The mention of “the lads” reminded them of Thadora’s background and how she had been posing as a boy when they met her, a fact they had almost forgotten.
‘You can’t go back to your old life after this, Red Cub,’ said Fero.
‘What else am I to do then?’ queried the young thief.
‘You could come and train to be a ranger with me,’ replied the other.
‘That’d be real cool, Fero,’ replied the girl. ‘I’ll think on it.’
It was such a beautiful day that they decided to spend the rest of it there on the beach. The mountains raised their heads behind them, looking slightly hazy in the blue sky. There was not a cloud to be seen. The beach was a beautiful golden colour, and Carthinal was reminded of Yssa’s hair. He felt a little guilty that he had not thought of her for weeks, but there were no strings attached to their relationship so he put his guilt behind him in contemplation of the view. A slight breeze ruffled Asphodel’s hair, which was now growing and had reached her shoulders. He thought how beautiful she looked, and then suppressed the thought ruthlessly. He must not think of her in that way. He lay back and felt the warmth of the sun on his face and drifted into a shallow sleep, listening to the murmur of his friends’ voices and the cries of the sea birds overhead.

Within a day they were at the border of Pelimor and Rindissillaron as the elves called their land. Asphodel was surprised to see guards at the border.
The guards stopped them saying, ‘Qua quioresti?’
‘Llandorer quiero,’ Asphodel replied. ‘Sha broniler quieres?’ then she turned to the others. ‘He asks who we are. I told him we are travellers and then asked him why there is a guard here.’
‘Shill llinoresti?’
‘As Quantissarillishon llinero.’
Asphodel translated and told them that the guard was asking where they were going, and that she had told him Quantissarillishon, the elven capital.
‘Are we going there?’ queried Fero.
‘Yes. We need to pass through it on our way back to Grosmer,’ Asphodel replied. ‘We’ll also pass through Erian too.’
The guard spoke again to Asphodel. Carthinal could make out a few words, but his elvish was none too good, and he could not get the proper sense of what was being said. Asphodel told them that the guard had answered her previous question by saying that there had been sightings of orcs and hobgoblins and some said trolls too, in the vicinity of the borders. They were concerned, so there were patrols all along the borders and guards at all the road crossings into the land. The guard went on to say that there had been a strange creature the like of which no one had ever seen before seen around the border with Erian. He had not seen it himself, and descriptions were varied, so he could not tell them exactly what it was like, but all agreed that it was of fearsome aspect and very large.
The captain came out of a small hut and spoke to the guard. Carthinal understood that he thought the guard was being far too talkative to people who were foreigners, and was ordering him to get on with his job. The guard then spoke to Asphodel again.
‘He wants us to show him what we have in our packs,’ she told the others.
‘Precious little,’ pointed out Bas, opening his. The guard did a thorough inspection, and then passed them.

‘I was holding my breath a bit there, I have to admit,’ Fero told them as they walked on down the road. ‘I couldn’t help but remember the last time I was searched thoroughly.’
‘We were safe there as long as we had nothing incriminating,’ Asphodel told him. ‘We elves may often be suspicious of others, but we don’t frame people.’
Fero felt a bit ashamed of his reaction, but smiled at her as she said, ‘I understand your fears though, Fero. It must have been most unpleasant being framed for something you didn’t do.’
Randa looked uncomfortable. ‘I apologise for that, Fero. My father was way out of order there.’
‘Don’t worry about it. It’s over now. I’ll forget it in time. I’ve forgiven your father anyway, if only because he has such a beautiful daughter.’
Randa blushed at these words and fell silent as they walked along the road leading to the Elven capital city.

The sun continued to shine all day, and into the next. At first they passed through lands with broom and gorse, all in flower, and the blue harebells were blooming at their feet. Then the vegetation began to change. There were hazels in their fresh green leaves, elder with their creamy white blossom and bluebells carpeting the ground beneath the trees. Daisies dotted the grass along with red poppies in clearings, and there were foxgloves growing in every available space. Then they found themselves in taller woodland, mainly birch and alder and these gave way eventually to tall oaks and beech. The early summer flowers were in bloom and butterflies flitted between them. Bees buzzed, birds sang and so did the eight travellers as they walked, a habit they had got into at the beginning of their travels, but they had not felt much like it since being lost in the mountains. Then Thadora stopped in her tracks, so suddenly that Kimi, who was walking behind her, actually bumped into the young thief.
‘Hey, Carthinal!’ she called to the mage who was several yards ahead by now, having not been aware of the traffic jam behind him.
He stopped. ‘What now, Red Cub?’ he called back to her, ‘Have you suddenly seen a butterfly or perhaps a squirrel searching for last winter’s nuts?’
‘No, don’t be so silly. But, hey, yer know as ’ow we’ve, like, got no readies?’ she called.
‘It hadn’t escaped my notice,’
‘Well, we’re goin’ ter ’ave ter stay somewhere in Quanti... Quanti...whatsit, aren’t we?’
‘Quantissarillishon,’ Carthinal corrected her.
‘Yeah. Whatever. Well, we need, sort of, to ’ave some bleedin’ gold for that, don’t we?’
‘Ye-es. What are you leading up to, Thadda?’
‘Why don’t we sing for our supper then? We’re not ’alf bad. In fact, I think our singing’s wicked. I bet we c’d earn loads. It’d be real cool, Carthinal.’
‘Hmm. Not a bad idea, Red Cub. Perhaps we should consider it.’
The idea of “singing for their supper” was thus put into their minds.
They passed a few small hamlets and farms on their way towards the capital, but with no money, they decided to fend for themselves. It had been different when they stayed with the old shepherd, they argued. Then they had a sick companion who needed a roof and proper food and care, and they could help him with some of his tasks. They were grateful for his kindness and vowed to return someday with gold to recompense him for what they had eaten.
Eventually they approached Quantissarillishon, the capital of the Elven nation. At least, Asphodel said they were there, but the others could see little evidence of a city. The road continued to wind through the forest, but now there were a few sidetracks. They could be called little other than tracks though, and no one could see any buildings. There were more people on the road than previously though, indicating that there was a habitation nearby.
‘Well, where is this fabled city of the elves then?’ demanded Basalt, looking round.
Asphodel laughed. ‘All around you, if you look, dwarf.’
They looked, and gradually became aware that there were buildings, but all artfully constructed to look like trees. The walls were curved like trunks, and doors and windows looked like knots or holes in the wood. There were even dwellings built into the trees themselves, as well as some in the branches, high above the forest floor.
‘It’s marvellous,’ said Fero. ‘So artfully done as to not impinge on the environment of the forest at all.’
‘Yes,’ replied Asphodel, ‘the elves who designed the city didn’t want to harm the wildlife or to destroy the beauty of the surroundings, so they came up with the idea of making it blend in.’
‘We should find place make our idea of entertaining people a reality,’ said Davrael, practically. ‘Are there inns near here, Asphodel?’
She took them down a side street until they came to a building that looked like an enormous redwood tree. She entered through a door cut in the huge trunk and the others followed to find themselves in the common room of an inn. There was a bar running half way round the curved wall opposite the door, and a minstrel’s gallery to the left with steps going up to it on each side. Opposite the gallery was a fireplace, which, since it was warm, had a large arrangement of flowers in lieu of a fire. Next to the fireplace was a door.
Asphodel spoke to the bartender in elvish and told him they were wandering entertainers, and they would be willing to entertain his guests that evening for board and lodging.
After some negotiation, Asphodel turned to the others.
‘He says we’re welcome to entertain his guests but that only one night is no use. He’d only have his usual clientele and would make no profit. In fact giving us board and lodging would leave him out of pocket. He suggests that we agree to stay for at least four days in order for word to get around. If after that time, he’s not at least covered our expenses in profit, he’ll charge us any excess. Anything we make over and above that is ours. (Subject to him making a profit, of course.) I told him I’d put it to you and see what you think.’
‘Sounds a good deal to me,’ said Basalt.
‘What if we don’t make enough to cover our expenses though?’ said Kimi, practically.
‘Lets consider that if and when we get to it,’ said Randa. ‘I’m sure we can make enough for a room and meals.’
‘Four days,’ Carthinal ruminated. ‘We should really be getting on our way as quickly as possible. We’ve been delayed enough as it is.’
‘An’ ’ow ’re we gonna pay ferr food an’ stuff? Or are yer sayin’ we starve? That’s so not cool,’ Thadora told him.
They eventually agreed to the terms and were shown to rooms upstairs behind the door by the fireplace. Shortly afterwards, a young elf maid appeared and shyly told them that a meal was ready in the common room if they would like to partake. They went down the stairs and entered the room where there was a small gathering of the landlord and bar staff as well as several children who turned out to be the children of the landlord and his wife, who did the cooking and kept the books.
They ate a delicious meal, and when they had finished, Asphodel insisted they come with her “to hear something not to be missed,” she said mysteriously.
It was getting towards dusk, and the Wolves followed Asphodel towards a grove of oaks in the centre of the city. Here, lamps were being lit, and many elves gathering. Then a beautiful sound filled the air. A choir of elves, all dressed in green, entered the grove from the West, singing.

‘Ah equillin ssishinisi
Qua vinillaquishio quibbrous
Ahoni na shar handollesno
As nas brollenores.

Ah equilin bellamana
Qua ssishinisi llanarones
As wma ronalliores
Shi nos Grillon prones.

Ah equilin dama Grillon
Pro llamella shilonores
As nos rellemorres
Drapo weyishores.

Yam shi Grillon yssilores
Grazlin everr nos pronores
Wama vinsho prolle-emo
Lli sha rallemorres.’

‘That is so beautiful,’ whispered Thadora as the song came to an end and the choir made their way out of the grove. ‘What’s it mean?’
‘It is the elves hymn to the evening star. Grillon’s star, we call it. It is sung each evening in Quantissarillishon. The meaning is roughly:

Oh beauteous star
Who heralds the evening
You tell us all
That Grillon guards us

Oh Grillon’s star
As you sink westwards
Return again
To guard the dawn.

Ensure that Grillon
Through darkness keep us
Safe from all evil
Until the morn.”’

So each with the memory of the beautiful elven song still ringing in their ears the companions walked through the streets of Quantissarillishon, back to the inn where they were to perform for the first time that evening full of trepidation for what they had taken on.
Later, they stood in the room that Carthinal, Fero and Basalt were sharing. They had changed out of armour and were ready to descend to the minstrel’s gallery. They had been surprised to see a hurriedly written poster on the inn door proclaiming that during the evening there would be singing by Wolf.
“Come and hear the Wolves sing,” it said.
‘I feel sick,’ said Thadora, suddenly, and rushed out of the room.
‘Oh dear! I hope she’ll be all right,’ worried Asphodel.
‘Just first night nerves, I expect,’ Fero replied. ‘She’ll be fine once we get started.’
They had decided on a running order, and as soon as Thadora returned, they descended the stairs to the common room, crossed it and mounted to the minstrel’s gallery. There was a ripple of applause, but then people continued their conversations. Wolf stood on the gallery and looked down.
‘Go on, Fero,’ whispered Randa, digging the tall ranger in the back. Fero swallowed hard and stepped forward. Without a word, he launched himself into the work song that he had taught them on the way from Hambara. His deep bass voice surprised the elves and the minor key of the song seemed to entrance them too, because soon there was silence. After the first couple of verses, the rest of Wolf joined in, harmonising as they had practised on the road so many times. Muldee, too, joined in, with his voice blending in a harmonious accompaniment with the others. At the end of the song, there was tumultuous applause. They went through their repertoire song by song, each individual beginning their own song with a solo, and the others joining in after a time.
Suddenly, between songs, Thadora, whom Carthinal had noticed fiddling with her boots, removed them and sprang up onto the rail that ran along the edge of the gallery. She ran along it from one end to the other, and then walked to the middle. Here she stood on her hands, and slowly brought her feet over her head until she was standing upright once more. She then flipped head over heels along the rail. Finally, she stood once again on her hands, lowered herself to her head and rolled to a position straddling the bar. She again lifted herself to her hands, and with a back somersault, landed back on the gallery, facing the crowd. While the crowd applauded, Carthinal pulled her round to face him, rather roughly. He gave her a little shake. She could see by his eyes he was angry, but he was smiling with his mouth. For the benefit of the crowd, she supposed.
‘If you ever pull another stunt like that, Thadora, I’ll personally leather your backside,’ he said through clenched teeth.
Thadora pulled free of his grip.
She grinned impudently. ‘You’d ’ave to catch me first,’ she laughed at him, ‘But hey, the punters loved it.’
‘I caught you once before, didn’t I?’ growled the mage.
‘Yea! But you, like, cheated. You used magic. That was so not fair,’ grinned Thadora, unabashed by the half-elf’s anger.
‘You could have fallen and been injured doing all that acrobatic stuff on the rail.’
‘Oh! That’s why yer mad at me! I’m touched that you care,’ the girl put her head on one side and looked up into Carthinal’s blue eyes which at that moment looked like a stormy sea. ‘You forget. I’m a thief. I c’n do all sorts o’ cool things. Some acrobatics’re ort o’ useful when, like, climbin’ through winders or, runnin’ across roofs to escape. I c’n even sometimes dodge arrows, and I once caught one out o’ th’ air.’
Carthinal’s anger was quickly evaporating. It was difficult to stay angry at Thadora’s exuberance. ‘All right then,’ he replied, ‘I’m sorry for shouting at you. I was afraid for you, that’s all. I wasn’t expecting it.’
‘Can we keep it in then?’ Thadora asked.
Carthinal sighed. ‘Maybe. We should talk about it. Just don’t do it without prior notice, that’s all.’
Wolf had been a great success. Randa and Asphodel had gone down to the common room to collect any money the customers wished to give, and they made enough to cover their costs if the innkeeper made no extra profit, and a little over. They were in high spirits, having enjoyed their foray into show business. They discussed having Thadora perform her acrobatics as a regular part of the act, as well as suggesting to Carthinal that he add a little magic too. He took some persuading, as he told them that magic was not an entertainment, but a very serious business, but eventually he agreed. At that moment, there was a tap at the door.
‘Rill printheiron, Genori naravase,’ the little elf maid said, timidly.
‘Vandirrer dri ar yir llinisheres,’ replied Asphodel, taking a tray from her.
The girl bobbed a curtsey, and left quickly, keeping her eyes down.
‘The landlord thought we might like this, the girl said.’ Asphodel told them. ‘I thanked her very much.’
Basalt was investigating the tray. There were two bottles of wine, one white and one red, and a bottle of dwarf spirits. He studied the label.
‘Ah! This is a really good one. You must try it, Fero. It’s made near my home village, and, as we say in Dwarvish “Thrin khlan grinnor rhikpe.”
‘What’s that mean in Grosmerian?’ asked Thadora.
‘You don’t want to know,’ Fero, who knew some dwarvish, hastily put in, and, raising a finger at the dwarf turned to him and said, ‘Don’t you dare translate that, Basalt Strongarm. There are ladies present.’
Basalt grinned, and bowed to the ladies. ‘I hear and obey. If you two gentlemen wish to know, I’m afraid it’s too bad. My good friend here won’t allow it.’
‘I know some dwarvish too,’ pointed out Carthinal, ‘and I concur with Fero. Ladies, it’s a rather obscene dwarven expression used in the same context that we might say, “It will make a man of you.”’
‘Carthinal. I’ve ’eard every soddin’ expression there is, an’ know every bleedin’ swear word in th’ language, an’ used most.’ argued Thadora. ‘By Zol’s balls, I won’t be shocked.’
‘Too bad,’ came the reply from Fero. ‘You’re not going to add dwarven obscenities to your repertoire.’
‘No, Daddy. Sorry Daddy,’ This with an impudent grin. Fero made a half-hearted swipe at her, which she easily ducked.
Meanwhile, Basalt was pouring himself a generous measure of the spirits in a glass. He offered it round to all. Fero accepted, and so did Thadora, but the others refused.
‘I’m not sure you should be drinking that stuff,’ observed Randa. ‘You’re only a child.’
‘I were sixteen in Grilldar,’ pointed out Thadora. ‘That makes me legally an adult. Anyways, you’re only two years older. You’re not even me big sister ter be concerned.’
‘I’m not drinking dwarf spirits, in case you hadn’t noticed, and big sister or not, I’m just showing some concern for your well being.’
Thadora poked her tongue out and took a sip of her drink. She then nearly collapsed in a fit of coughing. ‘Hey! That’s strong!’ she exclaimed. She was a little more careful with her next mouthful, and declared it to be good.

The next morning, seven of Wolf descended for breakfast.
‘Where’s Red Cub?’ asked Basalt.
‘Huh!’ said Randa. ‘She’s a bit unwell. Thanks to you and your precious dwarf spirits. We left her moaning about wanting to die and throwing up.’
‘She should get up and have a drink of water. Some fresh air would help too.’
‘Not allowing a young inexperienced girl to drink strong drink would have helped even more,’ Randa replied waspishly.
‘Now, Randa, don’t get mad at me,’ Basalt pleaded. ‘I’d like to see anyone stop her from doing what she wants. As to being inexperienced, no one from the Warren in Hambara can be described as such.’
Breakfast arrived in time to stop the argument. There was still a lack of trust between the dwarf and the Duke’s daughter and they kept throwing unfriendly looks towards one another. After breakfast, the seven companions who were fit set off to explore still further the wonders of this city. Asphodel was anxious to show them the royal palace, supposedly one of the wonders of the world.
The seven travellers then sent the morning looking around the wonderful city of the elves. The elves lived as close to nature as could be possible and most of their dwllings were in the trees. Walkways hung from one tree to the next, all made to look like vines scrambling through the treetops.
Davrael was the least impressed of them, not having a head for heights, and he almost refusedto go up at first, but Kimi teased him so much that eventually he reluctantly climbed up. Even he had to amit that the sight of the Royal Palace was worth it. It seemed to grow out of the trees and be a part of them too. It was not excessively large but the carvings were beautiful and elicited praise from Basalt.
All too soon it was time to go back to the inn to see how Thadora was, and the party reluctantly climbed down from the trees.
CHAPTER 31

BANDITS

The innkeeper was so pleased with the increase in his business due to the new entertainers that he used his utmost charm to encourage them to stay for longer. In the event, Wolf agreed to stay for an extra two days over the agreed four. Carthinal was a little reluctant to add even these two days, but agreed eventually. The whole group decided that more than two extra days was not on for two reasons. Firstly there was the need to return to Hambara as soon as possible and also, the populace of the elven capital would eventually become tired of the “entertainers” and seek a new novelty. This was the reason they gave to the innkeeper.
So on Zoldar six, they found themselves once more on the road, bound this time towards the land of Erian. With the gold they had made in their brief but lucrative career as entertainers, they booked their journey with a caravan heading to the town of Frelli, the capital of Erian. The journey took four days, but with wagons to sleep in, and a plentiful supply of food and drink, it was much more comfortable than most of their journeying so far.
They found the capital city in a state of excitement. There were a lot of people on the streets, mostly heading towards one particular building, where they would enter, and a few minutes later come out again, with no apparent reason. Only Asphodel knew anything of the language, having lived there for a short time, and she asked the locals, what was going on, in rather halting Erian.
‘It seems there is some sort of choosing of the government going on. They call it an “election”,’ she told them. ‘Householders in each city, town and village go to a certain place where they choose whom they want to represent them on a council. The country is divided into a number of different areas. The councils from each area then choose someone to come to the capital city to form the government. The main person, who acts like a king, or the Elflord I suppose, is chosen from the people sent to the capital. He’s called The Master. He chooses the people to do various jobs in the government, much as a king does. But,’ and here she paused, ‘What is strange is that The Master only reigns for five years. He can be re-elected, but not more than twice. If he has children, they do not automatically go into the government or follow him into office. In fact, anyone in the country can become a councillor, member of the government or even Master. (If you’re a householder that is.)’
‘It is indeed a strange system!’ replied Basalt.
‘I suppose it works for them,’ replied Carthinal, ‘or they would have scrapped the system.’
They discusssed the merits of various systems of government until darkness fell and they retired to the rooms assigned to them in the inn where they had stopped. Most countries on the continent of Khalram were ruled by a king or similar ruler, whatever he or she was called. The Elflord, a hereditary role, traced through the female line, ruled the elves. The son (or daughter) of a ruler would not usually inherit, but the inheritance pass to the eldest child of his eldest sister, or nearest female relative if he had no sisters. Davrael then pointed out that in his country, there were many tribes, each with its own chief, and were constantly at war with one another. In some ways it was a little like Pelimor that they had passed through. There each city and town had its own government, forming a number of city-states. They were held together by little more than language and customs. They too, warred with one another.
 It took them a full sixday to reach the border. Here Asphodel picked up that the elections were all completed and a new government had been sworn in. People were very surprised as a totally unknown man had emerges as the new Master. His name, they said, was Wolnarb, and he was a mage. In fact he was a magister, the highest rank a mage could reach. He was said to be very charismatic, and the people had high hopes for the new regime. There was a sense of optimism in the air.
At last, they crossed the border into Grosmer and found themselves in the border town of Meridore. Asphodel knew the town, and found them an inn to stay in. They inquired about journeying towards Hambara, but they had just missed a caravan. The next one was not due to leave for another sixday they were told, so they decided to make their way back under their own steam.
One night in Meridore was all the Wolves allowed themselves, and then onward along the road towards the little town of Roffley. The day they left Meridore was a beautiful one, with the sun shining in a cloudless sky. There had been rain on the journey across Erian, but now the air seemed to have a sparkle. The Wolves were in high spirits, feeling the end of their journey was in sight. Admittedly, there was half of Grosmer to cross before they got back to Hambara, but at least they were in the right country, and the weather was sunny and warm.
‘My father’s going to be very angry,’ Randa said one day. ‘He’ll have been really worried about me. Well, there’s nothing I can do about that now. I’ll just face the music when I get home. He won’t be angry for long. He never is.’
‘What concerns me more is what he’ll say and do to the rest of us,’ Carthinal told her. ‘He’ll probably think we should have sent you home and not allowed you to come with us.’
‘I’d like to have seen you try, Carthinal,’ said Fero with a fond glance at Randa. He put his arm round her shoulders and hugged her to himself. ‘This girl has a mind of her own.’
The romance between Fero and Randa had continued to blossom as they travelled on their way westwards, and now they admitted to the others as well as themselves how they felt about each other. However there was an unspoken agreement within the group of friends that nothing would be said about it to the Duke. Randa was concerned as to what her father would think of her falling in love with a ranger—a man who could not settle in the city and help to rule it like the consort of a duchess should. The fact that he was a foreigner and a commoner did not seem to be a problem that she considered. That problem could easily be overcome, and her father was never one to think that anyone was beneath him. (Unlike the Randa of a few months previously.) He was always saying that he was given his position as one of service to the people and not vice versa, trying to instil the idea into his snobbish daughter.
One day as they were walking along a small ridge, with trees on either side, Randa became aware that the Sword was vibrating and giving her a tingling feeling. She looked down and half drew it out of its scabbard.
‘That’s what it did just before the hobgoblin attack,’ she whispered. ‘Maybe we should be on our guard.’
They had hardly begun to prepare themselves, when a voice came from among the trees to their left. ‘Halt and drop your weapons. Mage! Don’t you make a move or a sound or you’re dead. I’ve men all around with bows pointing at your hearts. A single move will be your death.’
The Wolves looked at each other.
‘Not again!’ thought Asphodel. She was beginning to get fed up with being captured. First it had been orcs, then hobgoblins and now bandits. A man stepped from beneath the trees to their left. They all reluctantly allowed their weapons to fall to their feet. Bows, slings, crossbow and swords all dropped to the ground.
‘And your dagger, mage. But move slowly—very slowly.’
Carthinal drew his dagger from its sheath, which he kept fastened to his forearm. He did nothing to indicate that he had another in his boot, and Thadora still had her throwing knives, he remembered. She had retrieved them each time she had used them, except for the one she used on the beast in the tomb.
Carthinal watched the man carefully. He did not seem quite like the usual brigand. He was dressed in shabby clothes, but the cut and the cloth were good, and his speech indicated good education and breeding. His face was hidden both by the shadows of the trees and the large-brimmed hat he wore. Carthinal suspected he may also have some kind of mask on, but could not be sure. The brigand called to his men in the trees and six approached, sheathing their weapons.
‘Search them,’ he ordered. Then turning to the companions, he said, ‘I’ve other men still in hiding, so don’t think you can try anything.’
The men searched and found the hidden throwing daggers that Thadora had held back.
‘Tut tut!’ the chief brigand tutted. ‘What a naughty little girl to try to hide her weapons when she’s been told to drop them. Should we punish her, men?’
The men laughed. An ugly sound.
‘What should we do with her, Boss?’ one of them asked.
‘I’ll think about it and decide. I’ll tell you later if you can have her,’ replied his leader. ‘Now, we can’t let them go without armour, so we’ll leave them that. And some weapons. There’re bad people about on the road, you know. Bandits and the like!’ He laughed. ‘However, we’ll have that pretty Sword there,’ pointing to Equilibrium, ‘and your helmet,’ he said to Davrael. ‘Of course, your gold and any jewellery or other trinkets you have, that goes without saying. Take those things, men. And that creature you have on your shoulder,’ he told Thadora, pointing to Muldee, ‘Should bring a small fortune. Dragonet isn’t it? Thought they were just a myth.’
The brigands pulled the helmets from their heads none too gently, and removed their other jewellery then one of them went to pick up the Sword.
He quickly dropped it. ‘It burned me,’ he cried out, showing his blistering hand to his companion. The others drew back from the Sword, all reluctant to try to pick it up.
‘I put a curse on it,’ improvised Carthinal. ‘No one can steal it.’
He did not want the bandits to suspect that it was anything other than an ordinary sword, albeit a very good one. He certainly did not want them to suspect its magical character, although they would have been unlikely to suspect its true nature.
The leader looked round the group, standing defiantly in the middle of the road. He looked at Randa twice. With the removal of her helmet, her hair and face could easily be recognised.
‘Well! Well! Well!’ he said, ‘If it isn’t the Lady Randa of Hambara. What are you doing with this riffraff, my Lady. A bit of a comedown, isn’t it? And I always thought you despised the masses, especially other races, but here you are in company with a dwarf, elf and half-elf; not to mention three foreigners. What would your father think, my dear.’ He stepped out into the road as he spoke.
Randa gasped in surprise. ‘Sandron!’ she exclaimed. ‘What are you doing with a bunch of bandits?’
‘I’m their leader, my dear,’ replied Sandron, ‘and now you are my captives. Tie them up and take them to the camp. At least one of them is worth a ransom. Make sure they don’t see where we go.’
With that, the group was bundled up and their hands tied. They were blindfolded and turned around until none of them knew which direction they were facing. Muldee was unceremoniously bundled into a sack that one of the bandits carried, before he had time to take off. Then they were pushed forward, none too gently. They twisted and turned through the forest. Carthinal thought it was not so much because the way was winding, but to further disorientate them. 
After walking for about half an hour, they eventually stopped, and their blindfolds were removed. Carthinal was not surprised to see the man Randa had referred to as Sandron standing in front of a tent, stripped of his leather armour and drinking from a wine flask. He had obviously been there for some time, proving that the bandits had taken a rather circuitous route to the camp. He looked round to get his bearings. The bandit camp was a conglomeration of tents set in a large clearing in the forest. There were various sizes of tents, with campfires burning in front of several of them. Carthinal estimated that he could see about thirty men and twenty women, with a number of children scurrying about the place. This was obviously a well-established group of bandits who knew each other well. How Randa had come to know the leader he could not begin to guess. Sandron addressing Randa interrupted his musings.
‘Well, Randa. Now I’ve captured you, I think I’ll send word to your father. He’ll pay a mighty ransom to get you back. Everyone in Grosmer knows how he dotes on you.’
Randa drew herself up and was once again the imperious girl they had known only a few months before. She could still put on her haughty stare, it seemed. She used it now.
‘And when he pays it, and I tell him just whom he has been dealing with, what then? How will your father react to his youngest son being a brigand?’
Carthinal saw that this took the wind out of the young man’s sails. He visibly deflated.
‘You always could get the better of me, Randa,’ he sighed. ‘It would have been a good idea, but unfortunately you recognised me. With hindsight, I shouldn’t have stepped forward as I did, but I was so surprised to see you there, I didn’t think.’
‘You never did, Sandron; at least not until later. Then it was often too late. Are you going to leave us tied up? It is most uncomfortable you know.’
‘I’m sorry, my Lady,’ replied Sandron, effecting a court bow. Then he turned to a man standing just behind and to his right. ‘Undo their bonds, and return their weapons. You!’ he called to another man. ‘Bring some decent food and wine to my tent. Enough for…’ he paused to count, ‘Nine. What about your dragonet? What does it eat?’
‘I’ll be fine with a little meat,’ replied the said creature from his perch on Thadora’s shoulder, which he had taken as soon as he was released from the sack, ‘Although I actually prefer fish. And for your information, I’m he not it.’
Sandron nearly fell down in surprise. ‘I didn’t know they could talk!’ he exclaimed.
‘Obviously,’ replied Muldee, with a laugh. ‘You should have seen your face just then. You nearly fell off your perch. (Metaphorically speaking that is.)’
Muldee’s Grosmerian was near perfect now, as he had picked it directly from the minds of his companions. Unknown to them, he was also nearly word perfect in Beridonese, Fero’s language, as well as Dwarvish and the language of the plains that Davrael and Kimi spoke. He had also picked up the thieves’ cant spoken in the ghettos of the large towns from Thadora.
Sandron escorted the now freed prisoners into his tent. It was quite lavishly furnished for a bandit leader’s tent. It seemed Sandron was not willing to forgo too many creature comforts. There was a table that was being covered hurriedly by two women, and two chairs. Sandron ordered more to be brought so they could all sit at the table. On the floor were rugs which, although they had seen better days, were of value. There were two comfortable chairs situated to one side of the tent on either side of a brazier which was unlit, it being a warm afternoon. A curtain hung across the back portion. Carthinal supposed that Sandron’s sleeping quarters were there.
When the chairs were situated round the table, Sandron invited the friends to sit. This they did readily, except for Randa who remained standing, looking at her most haughty.
‘I’m sorry, my Lady,’ Sandron apologised. ‘I forget my manners. I’m not used to grand ladies in my humble abode.’ He went to draw out a chair at the head of the table for Randa to sit.
She was behaving just like a duchess, Carthinal thought, which was, of course, what she was going to be one day. He glanced at the others. Fero was looking rather down, he thought. He had obviously just been reminded of how far apart their status was.
‘Poor Fero,’ thought Carthinal. ‘I hope they can manage to sort it out.’
‘Now, Randa,’ began Sandron, when the food arrived and had been served, ‘Tell me what you’re doing with this group of adventurers, and does your father know?’
Randa looked towards Carthinal. Sandron followed her gaze with a look of surprise, realising that she was looking to Carthinal for permission to speak of their journey.
‘We were on a journey for my father,’ she told him, at a slight nod from Carthinal, being slightly economical with the truth of her part in the said journey. ‘I am not at liberty to divulge the purpose of our quest, I’m sorry to say, but these, my companions, were chosen by my father for the task. Allow me to introduce them.’
She then went round the group telling Sandron their names and professions, introducing Carthinal as their leader. After she had finished the introductions, she gave a brief account of their journey, omitting any part of the finding of the Tomb. She did, however, explain how they found Muldee, and told of their rescue from death in the blizzard by the yeti pair. Sandron was very surprised and interested in the fact that the yeti were not only intelligent creatures, but were not hostile either.
After telling their tale, she turned her blue eyes on him and asked: ‘Now you must tell us why you are here, leading a band of brigands, and not either in your father’s castle or at court.’
‘All right. That’s only fair.’ He turned to the others. ‘Randa and I have known each other a long time. My father and hers are old friends, and we spent time together as children. In fact, we shared a tutor once. Do you remember old Snagtooth, Randa?’
Randa chuckled. ‘Poor man. We did give him a hard time, didn’t we?’ She turned to the other Wolves. ‘“Snagtooth” wasn’t his real name. That was “Professor Snaggletuf”, but we called him “Snagtooth” because he had very uneven teeth, and his name unfortunately adapted quite well.’
Sandron laughed aloud with pleasure at the memory. ‘It was Brand who gave him the name, if I remember correctly, but old straight-laced Larrin told us we should have more respect for…’ and here he put on a high pitched voice with a nasal drawl, ‘“Our learned professor.”’ That was before you became “Her High and Mightiness the Duchess in Waiting, The Lady Randa.” I’m glad to see you seem to have dropped that stand, at least with your friends.’
Randa ignored his comments and went on with her tale.
‘Yes. Larrin was a pain, wasn’t he? Always trying to stop us from getting into mischief. “For our own good” I think he said. She turned to the others who were looking mystified. ‘Brand and Larrin are Sandron’s brothers. Larrin is the eldest, then Brand, and lastly comes Sandron. Larrin was always an exemplary student. And a total pain. Brand was all right though. How is he, Sandron?’
‘Oh, he’s fine,’ was the reply. ‘He’s in the army now and a captain. Believe it or not, he’s expected to go far. I think he’s up for promotion again soon. Anyway, that’s part of the reason I’m here, which is what you asked, Randa, I think.’
‘How can your brother be a reason for you to be outside the law?’
‘Larrin has his career mapped out. He’ll inherit both title and lands. My father is the Duke of Sendolina,’ he added for the benefit of the others. ‘Brand was cajoled by my father to go into the army. It’s a good career, and there are no wars, or the probability of a war, and if there is one in the future, at least by then, Brand will have been able to get to a position where he needn’t be involved in the fighting. I am a third son. There’s little chance of me ever inheriting the title, and when father dies, there will be little left for me. I don’t think I could take the discipline of the army. You know me Randa. Always was a free spirit, as you liked to call it. (Father called it pig-headed disobedience as I recall.) Now, I like my creature comforts. Many third and subsequent sons have ended up with little, and died in poverty. Others have taken a career—merchant or something, and made money like that. Me, I’m a gambler. I like danger and excitement. A staid job as a clerk or even a merchant would never satisfy me, and I most certainly could never go into the church.’ He looked at Asphodel. ‘I’m sorry if I offend you, Sister Asphodel, but I’m just not the religious type. So I occasionally take myself to the woods and become a Robber Baron.’
Thadora had been thinking, and her thoughts, unknown to her, had run on the same lines as Carthinal’s.
Carthinal now voiced a question that she had been wondering about. ‘How old are you, Sandron, if you don’t mind me asking?’
‘Twenty,’ he replied. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘It just seems very young to be the leader of such a group; especially since you are not born to the life. They must have been very suspicious at first. From what I know of robber gangs,’ and here, Carthinal was careful as to what he said, ‘There usually has to be some kind of contest, usually to the death, to become leader.’
‘Ah! I see what you’re getting at. Have I become a killer? No. I was just very, very lucky. I joined the gang as an ordinary member, just for fun. They had and still have, by the way, no idea as to my real identity. They knew, of course that I was not from their world, but I soon became accepted as I did everything they did and didn’t stand on ceremony. Then the then leader was killed in a failed robbery attempt, and in the confusion, the rest of them were in a panic. I managed to calm them down, and even get something from the robbery as I prevented them from running away empty handed. They looked to me to make decisions automatically after that, and so I became their leader without bloodshed, or without really trying. That wasn’t my aim though. However, I can’t say I dislike leadership. It gives my life some challenge as well as excitement.’
‘What does your father think you’re doing?’ Randa queried.
Sandron smiled. ‘In Asperilla, wasting my time in wenching, drinking and gambling with my brother.’
‘And what about Brand? Does he know where you are?’
‘No! He thinks I went home to Sendolina to see my beloved parents,’ Sandron grinned. ‘No one in the world knows that Sandron, the bandit leader is one and the same as Sandron, third and youngest son of Duke Thoric of Sendolina. Except now you and your companions, Randa.’ He grew serious all of a sudden, and looked round the group. ‘Are you going to grass me up?’
They looked at each other questioningly.
‘Hey, I won’t. I were, or rather am still, I suppose, a thief meself,’ spoke up Thadora. ‘I couldn’t in all fairness squeal against another thief. Anyway, I think it’s so real cool of you to be doin’ this.’
‘I too won’t speak of this,’ put in Carthinal. ‘I’ve known some time in similar circumstances myself.’
The others looked at him in some surprise. He had never said anything about his past life, or indicated that he had had some hard times. Only Thadora did not look surprised. She had deduced that he must have spent time with the underworld somewhere, as only those people with close dealings with thieves and the thieves themselves could speak the cant, the language of the underworld, and Carthinal could speak it well, indicating an intimate knowledge of such a life.
Randa assured Sandron that she also would not betray him,
‘But only because of the harm it would do to the rest of your family,’ she told him severely. ‘I don’t approve of this way of getting your kicks.’
Conversation then moved onto other matters, and Sandron seemed relieved by their assurances that they would not inform anyone of his activities. The rest of the day passed quickly, and it was soon dusk.
‘Randa, you must sleep in my tent tonight,’ offered Sandron, as he saw her stifle a yawn. ‘I’ll get some people to prepare somewhere for your friends and me to sleep. We’ll use some of the other tents. It won’t do my men any harm to sleep outside tonight. It’s very warm.’
‘No,’ Randa replied, ‘I won’t take advantage of my position just because you know who I am. I’ll sleep with the rest of Wolf. I’ve been roughing it since the end of last year, nearly three months now. Sleeping in a tent will seem like luxury.’
Sandron raised his eyebrows a little, but acquiesced readily enough. It was obvious he had only been making his offer out of politeness, and was relieved that he did not have to give up his luxurious tent. He went to the door of his tent and called to someone outside to prepare tents for his guests.
A voice said, ‘Do you want me to organise a guard for them as well?’
‘No! Didn’t you hear me? They are my guests, not my prisoners. One of them is an old friend.’
There was further muttering from the voice, and Sandron replied, ‘No, I trust them. They won’t betray us. They have their reasons beyond friendship.’
When the Wolves retired for the night Randa was still concerned as to these illegal and dangerous activities of her erstwhile friend, and found it difficult to sleep. She tossed and turned for a while, but then had an idea. She resolved to put it to Sandron the following morning. Once she had decided that, sleep came quickly.
It was fully light when the Wolves rose the next morning, having rested well in the tents. The camp was already in full swing, with breakfast being prepared by some of the women who were obviously the wives and mistresses of the bandits. Some of the other women were with the men, sharpening and cleaning weapons and armour. These were on the whole the younger women. The Wolves deduced that the women probably led the same life as the men until they were either pregnant or too old, then they prepared meals, looked after the children, and generally kept the camp life going. There were a few old men around too, helping. These men were fulfilling various purposes from looking after children to tending the various animals that belonged to the bandit “city”—dogs, horses, chickens, a few goats, sundry cats etc.
There was a large muscular man who was stoking up a fire surrounded by ironware, and an anvil and hammers. The camp obviously had its own smith. In fact, looking around, it seemed more like a mobile village rather than a camp. Davrael remarked that he felt at home as his life had been in a mobile camp. Some of the dogs came to sniff and bark at the strangers. One particularly large, skinny brown beast growled menacingly when it saw Muldee. The little creature quickly flew up the nearest tall tree, where he sat looking down, eyes blinking fearfully.
Fero called up, ’Don’t worry about him, Muldee.’ He whistled to the dog, holding out his hand and talking quietly to it. Soon the animal was sniffing him, and even wagging his tail. After that, there was no more trouble from either that dog or any of the others.
‘How’d yer do that?’ asked Thadora in amazement.
‘Just a little ranger trick, my dear,’ replied Fero with a smile; but it had impressed the girl. She was close to hero-worshipping the dark ranger as it was, and this increased her admiration still further.
Just then, they were interrupted by the approach of one of the men they recognised as one of their captors from the previous day.
‘Boss says yer’re t’ come t’ ’is tent t’ break fast,’ he growled.
So they made their way across the camp, trailed by the brown dog, to the large tent Sandron used.
‘Come in and eat with me,’ he smiled at them. ‘I’m due for a return to Sendolina, I think. I’ve just realised how I’m missing some educated company. These people are good for many things, but not for intelligent conversation. Don’t get me wrong. I like them all well enough, and they are excellent fighting and drinking companions, but conversation is a bit limited sometimes. Anyway, I need to appear before my parents before they decide to write to me in Asperilla. Or worse—visit me!’
Half way through the meal, Randa broached the subject of his lifestyle, and ventured her suggestion. ‘Sandron, you know you want excitement, but said the army was not for you? You also said you liked leading, but that it would take too long to get to such a position in the army.’
Sandron looked at her, head on one side and a quizzical look in his eyes. ‘What are you getting at Randa? If you’ve something to say, come out with it. It’s not like you to beat about the bush.’
‘In those days when we were children, learning from Snagtooth, we learned the history of Grosmer, and also some of the wider history of Vimar, or at least the northern parts above the Inner Sea.’ She looked at Fero apologetically. ‘Not much was, or is, known about the lands below the Inner Sea, especially beyond the Great Desert; at least, not the histories of those lands. Anyway, Sandron,’ turning back to the bandit leader, ‘We learned that in the past there were mercenary bands who hired themselves out to whoever would pay them.’
‘Ye-es,’ said Sandron slowly. ‘That was at the time before the kingdom was united. Where are you going with this, Randa?’
‘There was one band, if I remember correctly, that was made up mainly of people like you. Youngest sons, or occasionally disgraced nobility who chose the life rather than exile or jail.’ ‘The Red Hawks. I remember,’ Sandron put in, ‘but I don’t see…’
Randa held up her hand. ‘Let me finish, please, Sandron. I know there’s no war at the moment, nor are there any city-states, at least not in Grosmer, fighting each other. However, on our travels we’ve seen more than normal activity of evil races. We were captured by hobgoblins, remember. Asphodel was captured by orcs before arriving in Hambara. They were well out of their usual range, and the elves are stopping everyone entering their lands because of activities of strange beasts and the like. (We, ourselves, were attacked by some very unusual wolves just before reaching Roffley.) My father sent us on this quest because of some information he got from a friend. (Remember Danu of Bluehaven? Not given to flights of fancy, I think.) I have a bad feeling that something is going to happen soon and we may need some help from the army. Why don’t you re-form the Red Hawks?’
There was a pause as Sandron looked at her in amazement. Then he seemed to regain his powers of speech and replied, ‘What? Me?’
‘Yes! You!’
Davrael then spoke. ‘This helmet is in shape of Hawk,’ he pointed out. ‘I believe in the gods, and although they not get involved with what we do, I think they give us push in right way to go. I think they give us helmet, or perhaps help us find it, and they bring us to you, as idea this is what you should do. I give this to you, Sandron, as leader of new Red Hawks.’ He held the helmet out as he spoke these last words.
‘I can’t take it from you, Davrael,’ replied Sandron quietly. ‘It’s a very generous offer you’re making, but the helm is yours. You braved great dangers, for what purpose I know not, but this helm was one of your rewards.’
‘Oh tush!’ replied Kimi. ‘He’s never been happy with that thing on his head. Makes him hot, he says. Take it, Sandron, please, so I’ll not have to put up with his complaints.’
They all laughed at Kimi’s words, but Sandron reached out and gently took the helmet from Davrael’s outstretched hand.
‘Thank you. You are most generous.’
Then Muldee, who had been unusually quiet in the camp said, ‘It’s magic, you know. It will give you extra protection, and also help you see further.’
The others looked at him in surprise.
‘You never said you knew what it did, Muldee,’ complained Carthinal. ‘I know you said it was magic, but that’s all you told us.’
‘Took me time to study it. Magic detection’s easy. Identification takes longer, and then you never asked.’
‘If we didn’t know you could do it, why would we ask?’ pointed out Asphodel logically.
‘I never thought of that.’ The little creature looked abashed. ‘Do you want me to tell you about the other things?’
‘Yes, please,’ said Randa. ‘Start with the Sword.’
The dragonet closed his eyes and thought. ‘I remember now. It will warn you of danger. That tingling feeling you get is the warning, Randa.’
‘Now he tells me, when we’ve been caught twice!’ said the girl, rolling her eyes heavenward.
‘It also has a Special Purpose,’ went on the dragonet, ignoring her. The others could hear the capitals in his voice. ‘It was made especially to help maintain the Balance between good and evil in the world. Hence the name, Equilibrium. It’ll help to overcome evil if that is what is required, but also, if the Balance has swung the other way, it will work for evil against good.’
‘I don’t like the sound of that,’ Asphodel said, looking concerned, and glanced with some anxiety at the Sword.
‘I wouldn’t worry at the moment, Aspholessaria,’ said Muldee. ‘Have you noticed too much good in the world recently?’
‘No-o,’ she replied, slowly, ‘There always seems to be more evil. Even amongst those who profess to be good.’
Sandron looked at her puzzled. ‘How does that idea work then?’
She went on to tell him of her experiences in the temple in Hambara. How she was forbidden to heal a man judged by the Great Father of Hambara to be evil, and how the Most High of Sylissa had decreed that they were to try to eradicate evil completely. This, he conceded might mean the destruction of some humans, elves, dwarves and other sentient races.
‘It was a similar story in Bluehaven,’ she continued. ‘That was why I was sent to Hambara. I disobeyed an instruction not to help the family of a local thug. They weren’t to blame though, and there were little children involved.’ She looked down at her hands as she spoke. ‘And now I don’t suppose I’ll ever rise far in the service of Sylissa, cast out as I am.’
Sandron looked at her with sympathy. ‘Asphodel,’ he said softly, placing a hand on her arm, ‘You’re a good and true cleric of your goddess. It’s she who’ll decide who rises in her service, surely, not mortals, whoever they be, Great Father, Most High or whoever.’
Asphodel brightened slightly at his words. ‘Yes, I suppose you’re right,’ she smiled. ‘Thank you for reminding me. While we are here, do you have any people who need healing, or otherwise tending?’
Sandron thanked her, and said he would be grateful if she would look at one or two of his people who had wounds. Not all were from bandit activities he hastened to point out. One man had cut himself while skinning game, and the wound did not seem to want to heal. There were the usual injuries sustained by the children, and one very pregnant mother whose baby was due any day. Asphodel was only too pleased to help, although she was not sure why she needed to look at the pregnant woman as long as there did not seem to be any complications. However, she agreed if only to set Sandron’s mind at rest. She wondered if the child were his, since he seemed so concerned, but she pushed the thought away. It was none of her business. 
Asphodel spent the morning in healing duties, which she enjoyed immensely. She gave advice as to how to treat simple wounds to prevent infection, and on hygiene, which seemed to be sadly lacking in the camp. At the end of the morning, she was tired and sat down gratefully to her mid-day meal in Sandron’s tent.
‘We thank you for your hospitality, Sandron,’ Carthinal said after the meal, ‘but we must leave first thing tomorrow morning. We’ve been gone far too long as it is.’
‘Thank you for your company. I think that capturing you was one of the gods little “pushes”, Davrael, and I will look into forming that mercenary group as you suggested, Randa. It would be exciting, and as my own boss, I could fight with the men and also wouldn’t have to obey stupid orders that I disagree with.’
There was one other farewell they had to make though. Muldee had decided he would like to experience a different type of life, and so had elected to stay with Sandron. He would accompany the young man to his home, and pose as a rare purchase Sandron had made in Asperilla. Randa pointed out that if he wished to experience luxury, he could come home with her to the Palace in Hambara, but the little creature said that it was not the luxury that was attracting him, but the experience of building up a mercenary troop, and possibly fighting with it. He had also discovered a latent telepathic ability in Sandron, similar to that of Thadora, and so he would be able to converse with him without people knowing he could speak whenever it was necessary. Thadora hugged the dragonet until he protested she was going to break his wings. They each took their farewells, Thadora with tears running down her face.
‘Don’t worry, Red Cub,’ Muldee reassured her. ‘Now I know your mind’s signature, I can always find you. I’ll come and see you in this Hambara place, but I won’t stay there. I’ve decided I don’t much like cities.’ He turned to Asphodel. ‘Except your capital, Aspholessaria. That I did like. Very much.’
So the next morning, after breaking their fast with Sandron, the company were led back to the road and headed off northward in the direction of Berandore.
CHAPTER 32

HOME

The journey along the road to Berandore was pleasant. The Mountains of Doom were to their right all the way, and the road followed the valley of the river Kromb. This river rose in the mountains, and flowed from North to South, following the border between Erian and Grosmer, until it emptied into the Inner Sea at Sendolina, the seat of Sandron’s father. The weather, too, was pleasant. The sun shone warmly on their backs as they walked, and the nights were mild. The mountains to the east looked kindly, for once, and it was difficult to believe they had nearly died in blizzards in their midst only a few short months ago. A few fluffy white clouds occasionally obscured the highest peaks but otherwise the sky was a brilliant blue, and the visibility amazing. 
Birds were singing in the trees and they occasionally disturbed a squirrel or rabbit. Asphodel was by now quite accomplished with her sling, and she brought down some game for meals, as did the others. Randa, too, had learned new skills. She now cooked quite well, and could gut fish and prepare birds and small mammals for the spit as well as any of them. She was also learning the names and uses of some of the culinary herbs and fungi they used, and enjoyed going to search for them. Kimi, too, had become quite proficient in the use of the two knives that Davrael had bought her before they set out on their long journey. They were all very much fitter than when they left, although they had considered themselves pretty fit when they left Hambara at the end of Khaldar.
One day there was a light shower. It was not enough to worry the Wolves though. They thought it pleasant and as Fero pointed out, there was the need for rain as well as sun if things were to grow well. The rain made the Kromb swell slightly. It must have been harder higher up in the mountains. The sound of it as it gurgled its way along, bouncing over the stones in its bed was soothing, and it sounded to them as though it was chuckling to itself. The sound soon put them in high spirits. Eventually, after nine days of this, they reached Berandore.
Berandore was nestled in the hills below the Mountains of Doom. It was a border town, and as so many such towns are, it was well fortified. Grosmer had not always enjoyed peace with its neighbours and towns such as Berandore and Meridore had had their fair share of raids from neighbouring Erian in past times. It was situated in a loop of the river Kromb. The river ran deep here, and had carved itself a valley with steep walls. The town had grown up to the west of this valley, using the steep cliff as a fortification. The river ran along the base of the cliff, and curved round three sides of the town. A castle was perched at the top of the cliff, its walls seeming to grow out of the rock itself. Curtain walls surrounded the town to the west of the castle, and none of the buildings had spilled outside, unlike many other towns, including Hambara itself. It had a dour and solemn look.
‘It looks none too inviting,’ pointed out Kimi.
‘I think that’s rather the idea,’ replied Randa. ‘It’s supposed to put off and repel any invaders.’
There was only one gate into the town and as the road they were following approached closer it swung round to the west to join the road from Roffley. There were no roads leading north or east from here. The Mountains of Doom swung westward just to the north of the town making passage difficult in that direction, and there were no passes to the east. Travellers wanting to enter Erian had to pass through Meridore, not Berandore. People travelling to Pelimor usually took a more northerly route through the town of Frind. There was, of course, the pass that the Wolves had taken over the mountains, but it was considered too difficult by most people, and impossible for freight.
As they entered the town, along with rumbling wagons and farmers with a variety of goods, they noticed a somewhat carnival feel to the air, and the realised that tomorrow would be the Summer Solstice, a day dedicated to Candello, the god of the sea and the weather. Although this god was particularly beloved by fishermen, he was also worshipped by farmers and anyone else who depended on the weather; hence the influx of people to the town from the outlying villages.
‘I hope we can get a room,’ worried Carthinal. ‘I’d not realised it was the end of Zoldar already.’
‘Summer tomorrer,’ pointed out Thadora, needlessly.
‘How long should it take to get back to Hambara?’ asked Kimi, her geography of the land of Grosmer being far from perfect.
They were just passing through the gate and were stopped by the guard, so her question was not immediately answered. They had to answer a few questions before being allowed in.
‘Just routine,’ the guard told them. ‘We’ve never become lax here like in other parts of the country. Can’t be too careful right on the border like. You never know but what the neighbours might take it into their heads to do something silly. Like invade.’ and he laughed at the idea. ‘There’s things in them mountains too as ’ud like to get in here and make a bit of a mess, given the chance. Trolls, hobgoblins, ogres, yeti and the like. There’re bands of orcs too, I’ve heard tell, though I ain’t seen none myself.’
Thadora was just about to say that the yeti were not a threat, when Carthinal caught her eye and she quickly shut her mouth.
The guard went on, not noticing anything. ‘You seem to be fine. Magnificent Sword you have there, miss. Don’t suppose you’d like to sell it? No! Didn’t think you would.’ He answered his own question. ‘Likes of me couldn’t afford a sword like that anyway. Not on my wages!’ he grumbled to himself about the low pay of guards as he waved them through. ‘Enjoy your stay. Happy Solstice and may Candello bless you all.’
‘And the same to you,’ they replied, ‘May you have a good summer.’
They found an inn. Not one of the better ones, it being in the poorest quarter of the town, but the beds seemed clean, and although there was no bathhouse, they were told they could have hot water to wash. They decided not to eat in the inn, but to try to find somewhere where they would get a reasonable meal, since they now had gold from their “Singing Wolves” escapade. There was some discussion as to whether to stay for the festival of the Solstice the following day, but eventually they agreed that they should really be on their way.
So early the next morning, the second hour after sunrise saw a small band of travellers leaving through the gates against the traffic arriving for the festivities. They were, it has to be admitted, a little disappointed to miss it, but all knew they had been away far too long. Randa especially was anxious to put an end to her father’s worries. She knew he would have sent men out looking for her as soon as he realised she was not with her mother’s family in Frind as she had told him, and by now would be certain she was dead. This thought made her sad as she loved her father and did not wish him to be unhappy. She knew how he missed her mother, even after all these years, and that he had relied on her more than many fathers rely on their daughters and so they left with the early morning mist still clinging to the ground.
The journey to Roffley was uneventful. They met with a few other travellers on the way, and stayed at two inns en route. They covered the distance fairly uneventfully and found themselves entering Roffley in the early afternoon of Candar ten. They made their way straight to the inn where Mandreena and Fat Ander, her father, greeted them very warmly. Mandreena was very excited, as she was to be married later that summer to the young man she was seeing at the equinox. She took Thadora away to regale her with all the details of the wedding preparations. Fat Ander then became apologetic.
‘It’s your horses, Miss,’ he said to Randa.
‘What’s happened?’ she asked anxiously, thinking all kinds of things that could happen to a couple of horses. They were both valuable animals, Storm being of the highest bloodstock in Grosmer and Moonbeam was a Plains horse.
‘Oh, they are in good health, Miss,’ said Fat Ander, seeing the look of anxiety that crossed her face. ‘You see, I put your mare in with my mare, and the stallion in a separate field.’ He paused before continuing. ‘You see, first my mare, then yours came into season. I thought your stallion was far enough away, but he can jump very well can’t he? He cleared the fences and got in with them. Well you know how he is at the best of times, Miss. Difficult isn’t in it. There was absolutely no way we could get him away from those mares. So...so they will both have foals next spring. I’m so sorry. A stallion like that should not be bred to any old mare. His foals will be valuable, and my mare is of no breeding whatsoever.’
Randa burst out laughing, much to Fat Ander’s surprise.
‘You’re not mad then?’ he asked.
‘No! I should have thought of that myself,’ Randa told him.
‘So should we,’ Davrael put in.
‘But my mare will have a foal by a valuable stallion! I could no way afford such stud fees you know.’
‘Take the foal as a gift from me,’ Randa told him. ‘Storm had his fun. As to Moonbeam, well she’s a mare of the Plains and her foal will be worth quite a bit, I suspect, especially when it’s known it’s from Storm. No. You’ve done a good job there, Ander. How much do we owe you for their keep?’
‘I couldn’t consider taking payment, Miss. I’ll have the foal and that’ll more than compensate for any losses I incurred looking after them.’
Eventually, at Randa’s insistence, they managed to persuade Fat Ander to take some money as a token gesture and so everyone was happy.
The next morning Randa, Kimi and Davrael went to the field on the outskirts of the town, where the horses were grazing. Moonbeam and Storm were there in a field together with another mare and a gelding, both bays. Randa climbed up onto the gate and whistled a three-tone whistle. Storm, who was grazing at the far side of the field, lifted his head, ears pricked, and then trotted meekly to the gate. He saw Randa and whickered in pleasure.
‘Well, he’s remembered his whistle,’ Randa said, pleased. ‘I wondered if he’d forget.’
The girl had begged some of last autumn’s now wizened apples for the horse. As soon as he reached the gate, Randa climbed into the field and the horse nuzzled her clothing looking for the treat he knew she would bring for him. She fed him one of the apples and then turned to ask for the bridle from Davrael, who was holding it. While her back was turned, the black stallion butted her with his head in affection, nearly knocking her over. She turned and scolded him affectionately. If it is possible for a horse to look chastened, Storm did so. He hung his head and looked at her from out of his big brown eyes as though to say,  ‘I didn’t mean it. I only wanted to say I’m pleased to see you.’
She retrieved the bridle and slipped it over his head. Not having had any restrictions for several months, the stallion objected at first, but Randa eventually got the bridle fixed and led him from the field. Kimi in the meantime had gone in and easily caught the mare, and they led the two animals back to the inn yard where they begged grooming materials from the inn’s stable boy.
‘I’m sorry he looks such a state, Miss,’ apologised the boy. ‘No one could get near him to groom him. He’s been well fed, though, and looked after as well as we could, not being able to go too close, you understand.’
Randa reassured him that she knew exactly what her horse was like with strangers, and set about giving him a vigorous brushing to remove the dried mud and loose hairs. Kimi did the same with Moonbeam, but the mare had been groomed so her job was not so arduous. The two girls then examined the animals thoroughly, helped by Davrael, and declared them to be in very good condition, and fit to travel back to Hambara.
While this was going on with the horses, Thadora was spending time with Mandreena. The innkeeper’s daughter was excited about her forthcoming marriage, and insisted on regaling the other girl with all the details of the event planned, as well as singing the praises of her husband to be. She extracted a promise from Thadora to come to her wedding, which was to be on the Festival of Bramardar, the goddess of marriage and the family. This was not until the first day of winter, the winter solstice, and so six months ahead. Mandreena and Allvid, her fiancé, had wanted to have it in the summer, but they were overruled by both sets of parents as weddings held on the Winter Solstice were considered to be especially lucky, being blessed by Bramara herself.
The rest of the group had been shopping for supplies for the journey back, and were now sitting in the inn, having a well-needed drink.
‘It’s a bit like the beginning,’ mused Basalt. ‘The four of us sitting drinking in an inn.’
‘A lot has happened since then, as well as a lot of time having passed,’ Asphodel pointed out.
‘We hardly knew each other then, and didn’t know the others at all. Or how important we’d become to each other,’ Carthinal said.
Fero looked towards the door leading to the stable yard, and Asphodel looked at Carthinal at these words. Basalt noticed these glances and wondered again what fate held in store for the four.
On a warm and sunny day, the guard at the Doom Gates at Hambara saw a group of people approaching late one afternoon. There were eight of them and two horses. He screwed up his eyes to try to see more clearly. (He was a little shortsighted.) That black horse looked very much like Lady Randa’s black, but it couldn’t be. The Lady Randa had been missing since before the Spring Equinox, and the Duke had reluctantly given up hope that she would be found alive, and had in the last week declared that she must now be considered as dead. The town had gone into mourning, not so much for love of Lady Randa, who was known by one and all as a difficult girl and something of a snob, but for respect and love of the Duke. 
A ceremony of remembrance was to be held in two days at the Temple of Kalhera, the goddess of death and the underworld, to pray for Randa’s soul. Since her disappearance, the Duke had rarely been seen in the town, and was planning to leave for his estate in the country just as soon as the ceremonies were over. His brother’s son would run the day to day ducal affairs in Hambara while the Duke was away. Rumours said that he was not planning to return, and that his nephew would, in everything but name, be the Duke.
The group was nearer now. The guard called his superior officer from the guardhouse.
‘What now?’ grumbled the man. When the guard told him about the horse, he sighed and said, ‘The Lady Randa isn’t the only person in Grosmer to have a black horse, you know. Anyway, Lady Randa wouldn’t be walking her horse when she could ride him. Walking’s beneath her. Or should I say “was” since she’s obviously dead by now. You called me away from a card game for this, and I looked like winning for once. Just get on with it. You’ll never get promotion if you call me out for every little thing.’
The sergeant stretched, and was just going back into the guardhouse when he glanced at the group, who was now considerably nearer. He paused, and looked again. The horse did have a look of Lady Randa’s Storm. He could not say what it was about the animal, but it was definitely like Storm. And the person leading him. The sun caught long blond hair, making it shine like silver. Who were the people she was with? She was walking next to a tall dark man dressed all in black. He looked menacing, but she seemed to be at ease in his presence. Then there were the others; a couple of barbarians from over the Western Mountains. ‘Call themselves Horselords,’ he reminded himself. The other four were just as strange a group. A tall mage, a black-haired elf wearing a white tabard over chain mail denoting she was a cleric of Sylissa, a fierce looking dwarf and another girl, with red hair. No. It could not possibly be. Not with such a group of ne’er-do-wells, and looking so relaxed in their company.
It was, however. The Wolves had agreed to allow Randa to speak to the guard at the gate, as that is what the guard would expect, and she did so now.
‘I’m Lady Randa. Please let us pass with all speed. We need to get to the Palace to see my father.’
‘My Lady!’ Both guards saluted smartly.
The sergeant stood back, saying, ‘We’ll get you an escort, My Lady. There are all sorts of people in the streets. It’s not safe for you to be abroad without a guard.’
‘Thank you, Sergeant...?’
‘Gamillo, My Lady.’
‘Sergeant Gamillo, I don’t think that will be necessary.’ As the sergeant was about to protest, she went on. ‘My friends and I have been on a very long and dangerous journey. My friends are all the protection I need, if any is required here in Hambara. I doubt there will be worse dangers that those we’ve passed through to get back here.’
The sergeant looked nonplussed.
‘Of course, My Lady. Should we send word ahead of you to the Duke?’
‘No. That won’t be necessary. Please stand aside and let us pass now.’
The amazed sergeant and guard stood to one side and saluted once again as the little band passed by.
‘Well, Serge, What do you make of that?’ the guard said to his superior.
‘I don’t know. I really don’t know. She seemed different somehow, but I’ve no doubt it was the Lady Randa. No one else has hair like that. And those eyes. They seemed to look right through me.’

As they approached the Palace gatehouse, Randa told the others that she thought it would be a good idea if she went in to see her father alone at first, and they come afterwards. This they readily agreed to, none of them looking forward to the Duke’s ire at them allowing his beloved Randa to accompany them on a dangerous mission and readily agreed to put off the moment, even if only for a few minutes.
Randa rode Storm into the stable yard, leaving her companions at the gatehouse. The stable boys rushed out on hearing hooves and then slid to a standstill as they recognised Randa and Storm. They could hardly manage to speak to her, so surprised were they. They eventually managed to welcome her back and took Storm away to his stall to groom and feed him. Randa surprised the two boys by accompanying them and insisting on unsaddling the horse herself. The head groom came into the stables and welcomed her back. If he was surprised to see the haughty young lady unsaddling her own horse and reaching for the grooming tackle, then sending the stable boys away, he was too polite to mention it. He greeted her as though she had just been out on one of her normal rides.
The horse seen to and settled, Randa approached the doors of the house with some trepidation. She had decided to enter through the main doors, and had circled the house to the front. She climbed the steps slowly. Once at the door, she took the massive knocker in her hand. She held on to it for a few seconds, and then, taking her courage in her hands, knocked on the door. She heard the sound of feet and then the door was pulled back and she saw Daramissillo. The elf’s face showed amazement when he saw Randa standing there, but he quickly regained his composure and spoke to her as though she had just returned from one of her habitual rides.
‘My Lady.’ He bowed to her. ‘It’s good to see you back.’
‘Hello, Daramissillo,’ Randa greeted him as she handed him her helm and shook her hair free of its confines. ‘It’s good to be back, too.’
The elf looked at her with some distaste as he took in her dishevelled appearance.
‘I will call for one of the maids to run you a bath, My Lady, and you can get bathed and changed. I will go and inform the Duke of your arrival.’
‘No, Dara,’ To his surprise, she referred to him by the diminutive she had used when she was a small child and he had carried her on his shoulders and played with her.
‘That was before she became so haughty,’ he thought. He caught himself in time to hear her next words.
‘I’ll see my father first. I owe him that much, having been gone for four months.’
‘With all respect, My Lady,’ Daramissillo said, ‘I feel he should be prepared for this. He’s given you up for dead, you know, and has gone into mourning.’
The discussion was interrupted just then by Duke’s voice coming from just outside his office.
‘Daramissillo, I thought I heard the door, and then you talking to someone. We’re not expecting anyone, are we?’
Footsteps sounded and the Duke appeared from the side of the grand staircase. He saw Randa, and gasped, reaching out to the wall for support. His face displayed a gamut of emotions. First, there was surprise, then disbelief, followed in quick succession by delight and finally anger. However, delight won the day over anger, and Duke Rollo ran across the hall to his errant daughter and swept her up in his arms in a great bear-hug, swinging her round as though she were still five years old. When he put her down, he held her away from him and gazed at her.
‘Randa! Randa! Randa!’ was all he seemed to be able to say at first then he looked her up and down and an expression of distaste for her dirty condition crossed his face.
‘Go and get cleaned up, girl. You look like a Wanderer. No, on second thoughts, that is unfair to the Wanderers. They are clean even if they have no settled home. You look like someone who’s been sleeping rough for weeks. Then come down and tell me where you’ve been, and more importantly, why.’
‘No, I won’t get changed yet,’ the girl told him, ‘and as to where I’ve been, wait until the others arrive.’
‘Others? What others?’ Rollo asked his daughter. Then turning to Daramissillo, he said, ‘Go and tell the cook that Lady Randa is home and that she has some friends with her. We’ll eat in the small dining room. She’ll need to prepare a meal for…’ He stopped, realising that he had no idea how many would be coming. He turned to Randa questioningly.
‘There are seven more and they’ll be here in about half and hour. I told them to wait at the gatehouse for an hour. I cantered Storm down the drive so that made up some time, but then I saw to him first and gave him some food and a quick brushing. That would add time, so I think they’ll be half an hour. Tell cook there will be nine of us, including my father and myself.’ she said, turning to Daramissillo, who affected a bow and left in the direction of the kitchens.
‘Then you’ll have time to change, my dear,’ the Duke pointed out.
‘No. That wouldn’t be fair to my friends. They’re just as dirty and weathered as I am. Changing would make me different. Turn me into the Duke’s Daughter, the Duchess-in-Waiting instead of the friend and companion of the last four months.’
Rollo took Randa’s arm and led her to his study.
‘Come and tell me where you’ve been then.’
Again the girl refused.
‘The story isn’t just mine,’ said the girl. ‘You must wait and contain your questions until the others get here.’
Duke Rollo had to contain his curiosity. With some difficulty it has to be admitted. As he waited with his daughter, he found that his relief and pleasure at having her back was beginning to give way to anger. The fact that she had gone off on some jaunt without a word, and disappeared for four months, and now the fact that she would not tell him anything until these mysterious “friends” arrived.
‘Randa, you are and have been most irresponsible and inconsiderate in what you’ve done. I was worried sick. For four months I had hardly any sleep, worrying about you. Every time a letter arrived I thought it would be a ransom note. You lied to me that you were going north to stay with your mother’s parents in Frind, but when I heard you’d not arrived, after a month, I began to worry. I looked in your room. None of your clothes had been taken, just your mail and helmet and a sword from the armoury. Oh, and your horse of course. The guard said they saw you leaving by the Water Gate and told me you’d said you were going to catch up with the caravan that had left earlier in the day, heading north to Frind, but when we questioned the leader, he knew nothing of you.’
The duke was pacing up and down the room. He paused and looked at his daughter.
‘I should punish you severely for this. I’ve had men out looking everywhere, from the Mountains of Doom to the Western Mountains, and the Inner Sea to the Roof of the World. I’ve had posters up in every town, village and hamlet in the land. Now you refuse to tell me where you’ve been until some group of so-called friends arrives.’
‘Father, you’re ranting,’ Randa was surprised at herself as to how little she feared her father’s anger. As a child, she had easily been reduced to tears, although his angry outbursts at her had been rare. Now, though, she felt only a slight guilt for the anguish she had put him through. She wished she had been able to spare him that, but he would have forbidden her from going, and she knew she had to go. She turned to him.
‘I am not a child, you know. I can no longer be punished for misdeeds. I’m nearly nineteen years old. Many girls of my age are married with children.’
Her father turned from looking out of the window.
‘And whose fault is that, lady?’ he demanded. ‘There are any number of young men, aye, and older ones too, who would marry you tomorrow, but you are so fussy. None of the ones I’ve suggested meet with your approval. I should just do as other fathers do and tell you whom you’ll marry, and you’ll obey. Yes, many girls of your age are indeed married with children, and have been since they were sixteen and officially adults. Some even married at fourteen or fifteen and have two or three children. . . ’
Just then, there was a knock on the door.
‘Come in,’ called Rollo.
It was Daramissillo.
‘There are seven…’ he paused and cleared his throat. ‘People here to see you, Your Grace. They say they are Her Ladyship’s companions. A rather unpleasant and dangerous looking group if I may be so bold as to say so, sir. Should I call the guard before letting them in?’
Before the Duke had chance to reply, Randa said, ‘No, Daramissillo. That won’t be necessary. I can promise you they won’t do any harm.’
The elf glanced at Rollo for confirmation. Rollo gave a brief nod, and turned once more to contemplate the gardens. Daramissillo bowed and left to show the rest of the Wolves into Rollo’s study.
Rollo turned from the window to observe these “friends” of Randa. He saw a group of ne’er-do-wells, just as unkempt as his daughter, and all carrying weapons and wearing armour, which, unlike the people, were beautifully kept. He reconsidered calling for the guard, and was just about to do so when he recognised the one person with no weapons in sight, and wearing the red robes of a newly promoted mage.
‘By all that’s holy!’ he exclaimed. ‘Carthinal! I didn’t recognise you. And Fero, Basalt and Asphodel. I’m sorry my welcome was somewhat muted. I’d almost forgotten about your mission in my anxiety for Randa. Whatever was she doing with you, and how did you get past the gatehouse with all your weapons?’
‘We sort of threatened him a bit,’ grinned Basalt. ‘He was being very difficult. We told him we’d maybe kill him just a little if he insisted we leave our weapons there.’
‘Papa, don’t be angry with Carthinal, please. I gave him and his friends no choice. I decided I wanted to go with them. I’ve been wrapped in cotton wool all my life. Oh, you allowed me to learn to fight when I asked, and let me go hunting and many other things only a son would normally learn, but I knew I’d never have the chance to actually use these skills. You were merely indulging what you thought would be a passing fancy, but I needed to prove to myself that I could survive outside these walls and your watchfulness.’ She put on a smile and went over and hugged her father. ‘Say you’re not still angry, Papa, please. We got what we went for, you know.’
Rollo had put his arm around his daughter and was just about to tell her they were all forgiven when the import of her last words struck him.
He turned her to face him, and said, ‘You’ve got the Sword? Why didn’t you say so? For that alone, you are all forgiven.’ He turned back to Carthinal. ‘Who’s carrying it? May I have it please?’
‘Your daughter has it, Your Grace,’ replied the half elf.
‘Come on, Randa. Don’t play games with me. You’ve got the Sword, so let me have it. We need to find a champion to use it. Danu was certain it was going to be needed, and I’m becoming more convinced he may be right. We’re living in strange times.’
Randa took the Sword from its scabbard at her hip and held it up for her father to see. He gasped at its beauty. It seemed almost to shine with an inner light.
‘This is it, Father. Equilibrium is its name, but I think you’ll find you can’t use it. In fact, I don’t believe you will be able to take it from me,’ With that, she lowered the blade’s point to the ground.
Rollo looked puzzled.
‘That sounded like a threat, Randa,’ he said quietly to his daughter. ‘I can’t believe you are so greedy for this Sword that you’d threaten your own father.’
Randa laughed.
‘Oh, Papa, I wasn’t threatening you. The Sword has a mind of its own, of sorts, and chooses its wielder. It chose me, and won’t let anyone else handle it.’
‘Don’t talk nonsense, child,’ snapped the Duke. ‘Whoever heard of a Sword being able to choose its wielder.’
Carthinal then rose to Randa’s defence.
‘It’s true, Your Grace,’ he said quietly. ‘We all tried to take the Sword, and only Randa could pick it up. Others have tried to take it too, on our journey, and all failed. I know it’s hard to credit, but it’s true.’
The rest of the Wolves murmured in agreement.
‘Here, father. Take it and see for yourself. Maybe then you’ll believe.’ and Randa held the Sword out to her father, hilt first.
The Duke looked at the Sword, then at his daughter, and finally at the group standing in his study.
‘It won’t kill you, Papa. At least, it hasn’t done so yet; just given warnings.’
The Duke slowly moved his hand towards the Sword, and, making up his mind, grasped the hilt firmly. Then he gave a yelp of pain and dropped the Sword, looking at first his hand, then down at the Sword lying at his feet.
‘It had thorns. I saw them and felt them. Where are they now?’
Randa calmly bent and picked up the Sword. She felt no effect. She put it back into the scabbard.
‘So you see, father. I am the Swordbearer. There’s no choice.’ She sat down on one of the chairs by the fireplace. There was no fire as it was a warm evening. ‘I didn’t ask for this. In fact, I’m not sure I actually want it. I just wanted an adventure, then I’d have chosen one of the young men you’ve suggested, and got married and lived like a normal young woman. However, things are now very different. I’m the Swordbearer. Whatever plans you have for the Sword must of necessity include me.’
Now it was Duke Rollo’s turn to sit down. He sank into his chair behind the desk and put his head in his hands. After a few minutes, he looked up. He had regained his composure and turned to the others saying:
‘This needs some thought, so we’ll leave it for the time being. I know four of you, but the other three I’ve not had the pleasure of meeting. Perhaps you would introduce them to me, Carthinal?’
Carthinal bowed to the Duke and firstly introduced Davrael and Kimi, who although they did not bow as such, inclined their heads as a mark of respect, and then turned to Thadora. She was lurking at the back of the group, and had her hood pulled up so her face was in shadow. She was not happy in this house. She was a child of the Warren, and a thief. The Duke represented the ultimate authority of the Law in Hambara. She certainly did not want his attention drawn to her, or to be in a position where she may be recognised again. She would have to continue with her life as a thief after they left here, as she had no other skills. No, she did not want to be recognised. She did not, however, allow for the Duke’s authority in his own house. When Carthinal turned to her, he hissed under his breath.
‘Remove your hood, Thadora. Show some manners to the Duke.’
The girl shook her head, so the half elf pulled it from her head himself, rather impatiently, saying, ‘This rather “shy” young person is Thadora. She was invaluable in helping us to remove the traps placed on the tomb and in keeping up our spirits.’
Thadora was bowing to the Duke, so she did not notice the expression pass over his face. It was one of incredulity, but Carthinal did not miss it.
The Duke then spoke to Thadora.
‘Who are you, girl?’
‘Just a poor girl from th’ Warren, Yer Grace,’ replied the young thief.
‘Are your parents alive?’
‘I never knew me father, Your Grace.’
The man’s face became pensive.
‘And your mother? Who is she? What is her name?’
Thadora did not reply.
‘Come on, girl. Surely you know your mother’s name!’
‘I’d rather not tell yer, Sir, if yer don’t mind. I ’ave pers’nal reasons fer that.’
The Duke was no fool. He quickly realised that Thadora must have run away and was afraid of being returned to her mother.
‘How old are you?’ was his next question, asked gently as though Thadora was a frightened animal that he was trying to calm.
‘Sixteen, Sir.’
‘Then you are a woman, and capable of controlling your own destiny. No one can tell you what to do any more. You obviously don’t want your mother to know where you are. Did she mistreat you?’
‘Oh, no, Sir, Your Grace, I mean,’ the girl replied. ‘She were a good mother. Allus did ’er best fer me.’
‘Then I don’t understand.’
‘She said she were goin’ ter send me ter Madame Dopari’s.’ Thadora suddenly realised how she had been cleverly led into her confession, and smiled.
‘You got me there, Your Grace, Sir,’ she said, looking up at him. ‘Very clever. Caught me off me guard.’
The Duke found himself looking into the greenest eyes he had ever seen, except on one other person. He was convinced.
‘I would like you to come with me to see something,’ he told the girl. ‘You others can come too, if you wish.’ he added, seeing the girl’s look of reticence. Without waiting to see if anyone was following, he took Thadora’s elbow and guided her out of the room.
‘What’s going on?’ Fero whispered to Randa as they followed her father and Thadora.
Randa shrugged. ‘No idea!’ she replied.
They followed the Duke and Thadora up the stairs, and then turned left to a door. The Duke opened it and they found themselves in a long gallery. There were windows on the right, overlooking the gardens and the small park beyond. The surrounding wall could just be seen in the distance through the trees. It was not the view that the Duke wanted them, or at least Thadora, to see. He turned to them. This is the Formal Dining Room he said, rather superfluously, as there was a long table in the centre of the room surrounded by chairs and a sideboard at the end. On the wall, opposite the windows, was a large fireplace and a number of portraits. It was to these portraits that Duke Rollo drew their attention.
‘There are portraits here of more recent members of the family,’ he said. ‘The older ancestral portraits are in a gallery in the east wing. This room has been little used since the death of my beloved wife. I’ve not had the heart for large parties. However, let’s look at these portraits.’
‘What are you getting at, Papa?’ Randa asked him. ‘I’m sure they aren’t really interested in family portraits.’
‘You’ve not been in here much, have you Randa, or you may have noticed what I have,’ was all the reply she got.
‘Now,’ went on Rollo, ‘this is my father and next to him is my mother.’
They could see where the Duke got his looks. Hanging before them was a man in his prime, looking much as Rollo did now, but with brown hair, and sporting a moustache, and striking blue eyes. Next to him was a rather plain woman, but with very blonde hair.

‘Randa and I both inherited my mother’s hair and my father’s eyes,’ pointed out the Duke. Over the fireplace is my portrait.’
There was a gap next to it, and Rollo explained.
I took the portrait of my wife down to my study. You saw it there, I believe.’
They all nodded.
‘Now. At the far end are my grandparents. This is Grandfather.’ A stern man gazed down at them with the same blue eyes as previously. ‘The eyes are the same, you’ll notice. A feature of most of my family. Now this…,’ and he paused. ‘This is my grandmother, and what we came to see.’
Thadora looked up, and gasped. There, looking down at her was her own face as it might be in ten years time. There was a rather attractive woman with unruly red curls and laughing green eyes. There was the slightly upturned nose, sprinkled with freckles. There was the smile on the generous mouth.
‘I don’t understand,’ she said, turning to Rollo. ‘She might be me in the future.’
‘Come down and allow me to explain,’ said Rollo as he led the way back to the study. ‘Or would you prefer to get clean first?’
‘I think explanations first, father,’ said Randa.
They found themselves once more in the Duke’s study. He called for extra seating and wine and then began to talk.
‘This is embarrassing for me to explain in front of you, Randa. The reasons will become apparent as I go on, but you must know. After you were born and your mother died, I thought I too would die. I lost all interest in life. But life does go on, and I’d you to consider. Many people advised me to remarry, but I couldn’t face the idea of another woman living in this house as mistress in place of your mother. It seemed a betrayal of all she meant to me. But time passes, and although I could never have put anyone else in the place of my dearest Fenissa, I felt the need of female company on occasion, so I started to visit Madame Dopari’s establishment from time to time.’
Randa looked at her father. ‘Visited a brothel? Oh father! How could you?’
‘I said it was embarrassing, Randa dear. Anyway, there was one girl there that took my eye. A pretty little thing she was. All eyes. She was also kind and understanding. She never knew who I was though. I always went in disguise, and at night. No one knew I went there. I think Daramissillo may have suspected, but he’s too polite to say anything to anyone. It wouldn’t have done for the Duke to be known to be consorting with prostitutes, although many nobles visited that establishment, and still do. To the household, I was going on night walks, as I couldn’t sleep. Then one night, I went to visit my little courtesan only to be told she was no longer there. I stopped going then, but did wonder what had happened to her. I decided another man had taken her away to be his mistress and set her up in a house somewhere. This was about seventeen years ago. I now have a different idea. I think she was pregnant and had to leave the brothel. I think she was your mother, Thadora, and that you are my child.’
With this dramatic statement, he stopped. No one spoke. Then Thadora said in a very small voice.
‘Sir, me Ma’s name’s Nandala.’
‘Nandala. Nandala. That’s it! That was her name! Where is she now, girl?’
‘Promise me yer won’t let ’er send me ter that place?’ pleaded Thadora.
‘Of course I won’t. If my suspicions are correct and your mother is in fact the Nandala I knew, you are my daughter. I would definitely not allow my daughter, illegitimate or not, to become a whore.’
‘Not even if that’s what ’er mother is?’
‘Not even then. Not even if my daughter’s a thief, or rather if a thief is my daughter,’ he added with a smile.
Thadora then told Rollo where her mother was to be found, and a guardsman was sent to bring her to the Palace. In the meantime, the rest of them were given the opportunity to bathe and get cleaned up in time for the evening meal.
CHAPTER 33

NANDALA

The young guardsman who had been detailed to go to the Warren to find the prostitute known as Nandala did not relish his job. The Warren was known for its hatred of anyone and anything smacking of authority. To say it was a lawless place was untrue, for it had its own laws and rules, but they were not the same as those of the rest of society. There were guilds and societies here, as in the rest of the city, which protected those such as assassins, beggars, thieves and many others, and gave an invaluable service to those with “hot” goods to get rid of. Here was poverty in the extreme. 
The place was, as its name implied, a warren of small streets and back alleys. Only someone born in the Warren could ever say they truly knew where they were all the time. And the smells. The sewers ran under the Warren, as they did all the rest of the city, but the inhabitants could not afford the fee that was charged to be connected. The waste was usually dumped straight into the streets, where open ditches ran down the middle. People threw garbage into odd corners, or often not in corners at all. The noise also assaulted one. The city was a noisy environment anyway, but here the people seemed to make more noise than anywhere else, as though noise were an important factor in affirming that they were alive. They shouted to each other across streets, children ran laughing, shouting and screaming, babies cried endlessly as they were usually hungry. Dogs barked at everything and there were rats, mice and other pests seemingly with little fear. The only things that seemed to be quiet in this place were the cats.
The young corporal was afraid. He had grown up in a village under the jurisdiction of the Dukedom of Hambara, and since joining the militia, had never ventured this far into the Warren. Everyone who came to Hambara went to see the notorious place, but few went far, and fewer ever returned for a second visit. Brallo was no different. Eyes watched him, seen and unseen as he passed farther into the slums. He was sure he was being followed, and he kept stopping to look behind him.
Eventually, to his relief, he came to the alley he had been looking for. It was narrow, and looked dark even in the full light of day, and as it was a warm day, it stank more than usual. He looked round again before entering the alley. He saw nothing unusual, but his skin crawled and the hairs on the back of his neck were standing up. He drew his sword and turning his back on the road, but ready to wheel round at the slightest unusual sound, Brallo entered the alley.
He counted four doors down on his left, and at the fifth he paused. This was where he had been told to go. He sheathed his sword and was about to knock when the door opened and a man came out. He was a large, burly man with a bushy black beard. He turned to someone inside saying:
‘Same time again next week then. Don’t forget to keep the slot for me. I need your services.’
He turned to leave and nearly walked into Brallo.
‘Sorry, mate,’ he said. Then he grinned a knowing grin. ‘Good choice yer’ve made. She’s one o’ th’ best. Used t’ work for Madame Dopari they say, and I can believe it. Left because she got pregnant and refused ter get rid o’ th’ brat. Stupid cow! Could ’a’ lived a life o’ luxury at that place, and mebbe even got tekken away by some lord an’ med ’is mistress, but no, she ’ad a conscience an’ ’ad th’ brat, so now she’s ’ere in th’ Warren, servin’ folks like me. Stupid cow.’ he muttered again as he disappeared down the alley.
Brallo looked through the door the man had left open for him. The room was shabbily furnished with just a table, two chairs and a cupboard, but it was clean, and although it had an earth floor, it was strewn with fresh rushes, which were mixed with herbs to help overcome the ubiquitous smells coming in through the door. He saw a woman of perhaps forty, lacing her blouse. She had once been beautiful, he thought. She still had something about her. Her hair was black with not a sign of grey, but that meant nothing. Many women dyed their hair as the grey began to show, and he supposed it was even more important in a woman of her profession. He could not see much more as she was turning away from him. He coughed and she turned back abruptly.
‘Hello, dear,’ she said, fixing a smile on her face, which he noticed was still quite pretty, even if there were wrinkles in the corners of her large eyes and around her mouth. ‘You’re in luck. I have a spare half-hour. Follow me to the bedroom. It will cost you between 10 royals and 2 crowns, depending on what you want.’
Her speech was more refined than the common folk who lived in the Warren, giving credence to the fact that she maybe had once been at Madame Dopari’s Emporium.
She turned and walked away. He noted the deliberately provocative way she moved her hips as she crossed the room. He was tempted, truly tempted. He had never been with a whore and wondered what it would be like. If this one had in fact been one of Madame Dopari’s girls, then she would have been trained in many different ways to give a man the most pleasure, and he certainly could not afford the courtesans at Madame Dopari’s Emporium on his pay. He quickly quashed those thoughts and his temptations and called to her now disappearing figure.
‘No. I’m not here for that.’
She turned at that and he saw her professional expression fade and one of anxiety replace it.
‘It’s not Thadda, is it?’
‘Who?’
‘Thadora, my daughter. She’s been missing for some time.’
‘I really don’t know what it is. I was just sent here to find you,’ he replied. ‘You are Nandala?’
‘Yes. I’m Nandala. Why do you want to know?’
‘I need to be sure I’ve got the right woman. I have to take you somewhere. Someone wants to see you.’
‘Who are you?’ asked Nandala. ‘Why should I trust you? Who wants to see me?’
The woman was obviously suspicious, and Brallo could not blame her. A strange young man dressed as a corporal of the guard comes into her house and asks her to come with him with no explanation. He would be suspicious too if it happened to him. He tried to set her mind at rest.
‘Look, Nandala. I know it seems strange, but I don’t know who wants to see you. You’re right to be suspicious too. However, I am a genuine corporal in the guard. Here’re my papers to prove it.’ He handed her some papers. She barely glanced at them.
‘Forgeries exist,’ was her reply. ‘Good forgeries. Anyone can get papers.’
‘Oh!’ The wind was completely taken out of Brallo’s sails. He did not know what to say to convince this woman he was genuine. He was also surprised at her obvious ability to read, so he just said:
‘I know it’s difficult for me to prove to you who I am if you won’t accept my papers. You’ll just have to trust me. I really don’t have any idea who wants to see you. I’m just doing a job.’
Curiosity was beginning to overcome suspicion in Nandala. She decided to risk going with this young man.
He seemed genuine to her, so she said, ‘May I take someone with me? For security that is.’
‘My orders said nothing about bringing you on your own. Who’d you like to bring?’
‘I’ll ask my neighbour. He works at night so is at home at the moment. He’s quite friendly, and not too big.’ she added as Brallo looked anxious at the thought of a large man from the Warren accompanying them. He agreed and went with Nandala to the next house where the man had a room.
‘I’m lucky round here,’ Nandala said as they waited for a reply at the door. ‘I’ve got a whole floor to myself. Three rooms. Thadda had one of them before she ran away.’ A sadness crossed her face as she mentioned her daughter. ‘I wish I knew why she went.’
‘Have you no idea where she could be?’ asked Brallo. He was beginning to feel sorry for this woman.
‘For some time she was living in the Warren on the streets, that I do know because money appeared every so often on the table, but no one ever saw her coming in, and no one seemed to see her about the streets either. Then about four months ago the money stopped. I tried to find her from the very beginning, but it’s too easy to disappear in the Warren. I’m so worried. Something must have happened to her. She wouldn’t have stopped leaving money just like that.’
Just then, the neighbour, a burglar in fact, hence Nandala’s comment about him working at night, came to the door, and agreed, if reluctantly, to go with them just to ensure the veracity of Brallo’s mission, and Nandala’s safety, so the three of them set off out of the Warren.
They entered the barracks of the guard shortly afterwards. This did not make Nandala any happier at coming with the corporal. She looked around anxiously, and her companion, the burglar looked as though he was about to bolt.
‘Ah! Brallo. I see you’ve found the woman. Who’s this with you too?’ A tall captain came out from a side room and went up to Nandala and offered his hand for her to shake.
She did so nervously, and said, ‘This is my neighbour, sir. I was worried about coming with your young corporal so he came to ensure my safety. You can’t be too careful in the Warren. Why do you want me, sir? I’ve not done anything. Is it to do with my daughter, Thadora?’
The captain turned to the burglar.
‘Now you know there’s no trick, you may go, if you wish. Nandala will not come to any harm. You have my word on that.’
He had hardly got the words out of his mouth before the burglar fled the guardhouse. The captain smiled to himself then he dismissed Brallo.
‘Now, Nandala. You’ve not done anything wrong, nor do we know anything about a girl called Thadora. Someone wants to see you. Someone who’s very important. I’m to take you to the meeting this afternoon. Have you eaten yet? No? Then we must rectify that. Sit down please.’ He indicated a chair at a table in the middle of the room.
He pulled the chair back as though she were a great lady. Her training at Madame Dopari’s immediately came to the fore. The girls had learned to behave with courtesy and thoughtfulness, so she inclined her head and thanked the captain with a dignity that belied her shabby but provocative dress.
A meal was brought, and Nandala and the captain ate. Nandala had not eaten so good a meal for many years. The earnings of a common whore do not run to much food when the rent had been paid. Meat was a rare luxury, and here was some succulent pork along with fresh bread and steamed vegetables. Afterwards, the captain, who told her his name was Horaic, offered fruit and cheese. When she had eaten her fill, he called for his horse, and ordered it to be saddled with a pillion.
‘I don’t expect you’ve ridden? You will be safe on a pillion. Just hold tightly to my belt if you’re nervous.’
She was. Very nervous. Not of the horse and riding, but where she was being taken and why. A young guard lifted her onto the pillion behind Captain Horaic, and he set off at a gentle walk at first, then as he felt her grip lessen, he kicked his horse into a trot. Soon they passed onto Western Street and trotted along towards the very centre of the city. The mage tower in its grounds rose up, and she made a sign against magic as they passed. Like many another citizen of Hambara, she did not fully trust those who used magic. She could see the magnificent roofs of the temples behind and around the tower. Some were domes, some spires. Some had several spires and a few had high towers. Some had been roofed in copper which had turned a greenish colour over the years, yet others showed red or grey, even the yellow of gold, depending on the roofing material and wealth of the said temple. It did not seem wrong to Nandala that so much wealth was lavished on the temples while many were living in abject poverty. They were there to honour the gods, and the gods were known to be fickle if one did not treat them in the right way; or at least so the priests said.
Eventually they came to the gates of the Palace. Nandala was amazed to find they were trotting towards these gates, which were opened by an old retired soldier. He saluted the captain smartly as he reined in to speak to the man.
‘Here’s my sword,’ Captain Horaic said. ‘I know the Duke doesn’t like weapons brought into the Palace.’
‘Tell that t’ th’ group what came yesterday,’ grumbled the old man, ‘Dangerous lot. Threatened me and then left fer th’ Palace fully armed they did.’
‘Did the Duke arrest them?’ asked Horaic.
‘No. Dunno what ’e’s doin’, but ’e kept some of ’em there at th’ Palace. They came wi’ ’Er Ladyship. Kidnapped ’er if yer ask me, and then came for their ransom.’
‘And he let them go?’ Horaic was both surprised and incensed. ‘Dangerous criminals allowed to go free?’
‘Aye. Dwarf was th’ worst. Growled at me an’ ’eld ’is axe at me throat if I didn’t as like let ’im keep ’is weapons. Th’ mage scared me too. Only dressed as a probationer, but looked as if ’e’d turn me into summat nasty given ’alf a chance. Dunna trust them mages.’
‘Very strange goings on,’ replied Horaic. ‘Don’t like the sound of that at all. More criminals loose in the city, and dangerous ones at that, as if we’ve not got enough of our own.’
With that, he turned his horse and trotted off down the drive. When they came to the house, he turned to the left and went round the back to the stable yard where he dismounted and then lifted Nandala down. She was relieved to feel solid ground beneath her feet once again. She had felt as though she was going to fall off all the way.
‘Come this way,’ said Horaic, taking her arm and guiding her towards a door in the side of the house.
The door opened onto a huge room filled with people. It was obviously the kitchen. There were three large tables down the centre of the room where a number of people were preparing meat and vegetables, and on one a man was assembling a dessert from pastries and cream, stacking them carefully into a beautiful design and piping cream in intricate whorls over it. On the opposite wall were several large ovens, all with their separate fires to heat them, and there was a spit over a great inglenook fireplace to the left where a whole pig was roasting. The smell was mouth watering, and although she had only eaten about an hour previously, Nandala found herself getting hungry again. On either side of the door, were two large cupboards and two windows, and set in the fourth wall were two doors and a large dresser with drawers and cupboards. In the far right hand corner of the room was a door leading to the main part of the house. The place seemed at first to be totally disorganised with people shouting and talking, but it soon became apparent that there were orders being given and obeyed with alacrity. A tall elf appeared from one of the two doors leading out of the room. He spotted the pair and came over.
‘There you are, Horaic. I see you found her. I hope you didn’t have many problems.’
‘Hello, Daramissillo. Still as efficient as ever, I see,’ It seemed the pair knew each other well. In fact they were great friends and often saw one another when they were both off duty together, which was not as often as they would have liked.
‘Follow me. Nandala, isn’t it?’
Nandala nodded. She was a bit overwhelmed, and rather nervous. As soon as she realised she was on her way to the Duke’s residence she really thought that for some reason she was in great trouble. Why would she have caught the notice of the Duke or one of his household? Horaic noted her discomfort and reached out and squeezed her arm.
‘Don’t worry, Nandala. You’ve not done anything wrong. All will be made clear shortly, I’m sure. Right, Daramissillo?’
Daramissillo smiled at his friend and the smile made him seem more approachable and less the efficient man who ran the Duke’s household with a rod of iron.
‘Yes, Horaic,’ He turned again to Nandala with a smile on his handsome face. ‘I don’t mean to make you nervous. It’s just the way I behave at work. One has to keep these people at it or they’ll shirk their duties. I can’t afford to be too nice. Please follow me.’
With that, he led the way to the door in the corner of the room and led the way through it, followed by Nandala, feeling very shabby.
The door opened onto a short corridor down which Daramissillo led her, then they passed through another door onto a beautiful quadrangle. This open space in the centre of the Palace had a fountain in the centre, playing into a square pool, which reflected the contours of the building around it. There were paths passing among flowerbeds with a multitude of coloured flowers blooming in them, and there were some bushes cut into the shapes of animals and birds. Nandala found it to be a most enchanting space, especially as it was in the heart of the house.
Daramissillo led the woman to a door in the opposite side of the quadrangle, so they had to pass the fountain and Nandala caught a glimpse of fish swimming around in the depths. Passing through the door, Nandala found herself in a large hall. It was magnificent. She had thought Madame Dopari’s Emporium magnificent, but this room spelled out wealth and taste, whereas Madame’s was only wealth, with very little taste. There was a staircase leading up in the centre of the room, and the passage emerged next to it. On the opposite wall were two huge doors, obviously the main entrance to the house. Two doors stood in either wall and there were plinths with urns and vases as well as a bust or two. The floor was cream marble as were the stairs and they had a wrought iron handrail, which was gilded in places. The floor had a golden carpet running the length of it so as to take some of the chill off the marble floor.
As she moved further into the room, she saw another passage on the opposite side of the stairs. Then she noticed the people. There were two of them, both young girls, but so different. They were arranging flowers in one of the urns. At least one was, the other was holding the flowers and passing them as required. The girl holding the flowers was obviously a servant of some kind. She was wearing a blue dress with a spotlessly white apron. Her hair was brown, a kind of nondescript colour and she could have been pretty but for her rather long nose, and in comparison with the girl arranging the flowers. Nandala stared at the girl. She had very long fair hair, almost silver in colour, fastened back by a clasp, but otherwise loose, and she was wearing a deep blue gown with a fitted waist and a low-cut neckline. She was intent on arranging the flowers just so and she had an expression of deep concentration on her face. And what a face. Nandala had never seen such beauty nor such a flawless complexion. Then the beautiful girl saw them and spoke to the elf.
‘Ah! Daramissillo. I take it this is Nandala?’ She came towards them wiping her hands on her dress, careless of the expensive cloth.
‘Yes, Your Ladyship. I’m taking her to the Duke now.’
Nandala swept into a curtsey that she had learned in her youth as a courtesan with Madame Dopari. She remained so until Lady Randa told her to rise. Her heart was beating so hard she thought it would leap right out of her chest, and she was sure all three people in the hall could hear it. The Duke? She was to be taken to the Duke? Why? She was not dressed to meet the Duke. She thought she was going to pass out. Her throat was dry and her palms were sweating. She heard Lady Randa’s voice in the distance.
‘You can go back to your duties, Daramissillo. I’ll take Nandala to my father.’
At the back of her mind, Nandala remembered hearing that Lady Randa was missing, and had been presumed dead. This must surely be a dream then. There was no way the Duke of Hambara, the richest and most powerful man in the country after King Gerim, would want to see her, Nandala, a common whore from the poorest area of the city.
Believing this, she followed Lady Randa down the passage on the opposite side of the staircase to a door, where Lady Randa knocked and then entered. Lady Randa spoke to someone inside and then she stood aside for Nandala to enter.
Nandala entered the Duke’s study with her eyes lowered, and curtseyed to the man she saw through her eyelashes. He was seated behind his desk, but that was all she was aware of. She heard a movement and then felt herself being raised to her feet.
‘Yes, you are indeed Nandala. Somewhat older, but then so am I, but I’d have recognised you anywhere. Those big eyes of yours are unmistakable.’
That voice. Her memory flew back through the years. It was at Madame Dopari’s that she had last heard it. It was her regular and favourite client; the man who had told her to call him Perro. She looked up into a pair of blue eyes and immediately recognised him.
“Why is he here in the Ducal Palace?” she wondered, then decided he must work for the Duke.
Her eyes must have betrayed the fact that she recognised him and he smiled.
‘Perro!’ she exclaimed. ‘What are you doing here in the Palace? Do you work here?’
“Perro” smiled. ‘You could say that,’ he replied. ‘I often think I work harder than anyone else here’
‘Do you know why the Duke wants to see me?’ she asked. ‘Or is it the Duke that wants to see me? Or could it be you?’
‘Yes, to both questions,’ replied Rollo, relishing her confusion.
He would have to disillusion her in a minute, but he was enjoying his few moments of informality with her. It took him back to the days when she was a courtesan and he had booked a double session so they could talk as well. He had enjoyed talking to Nandala. She was intelligent and had a sharp wit. He sighed. She was showing her hard life. The woman was all skin and bone, but the beauty she had had in her youth still showed through. “With good food and rest she will once again be a handsome woman,” he thought.
Suddenly, Nandala realised something. The girl who showed them in had called this man “father.” Maybe she had been mistaken in thinking that she was Lady Randa. Maybe she was the daughter of a highly placed servant, this man, Perro. Then she realised with a suddenly racing heart that Daramissillo had referred to her as “Your Ladyship.” Then, if this man were her father, he must be... her mouth dried as realisation dawned. She once more swept into a curtsey.
‘Your Grace,’ she said, ‘Please forgive my presumption in speaking to you so familiarly. I thought you were someone else.’
‘I am someone else, Nandala,’ came the reply from above her head, ‘And I am who you think I am. I am “Perro”. I gave a false name when I visited Madame’s all those years ago. It wouldn’t have done for the Duke of Hambara to be seen consorting with courtesans, would it? Now get up and come and sit down in one of these chairs so we can talk properly.’
Nandala did as the Duke told her, although she felt uncomfortable in the presence of the most powerful man in the city. In spite of what he said to the contrary, this was not Perro, whom she had known in the past. The Duke was talking again. He was telling her something important. She listened. He told her that he believed that her daughter, her little Thadda, was in fact his daughter.
‘Your Grace,’ ventured Nandala, ‘With all due respect, Thadda could be yours, but she could equally be the daughter of any one of dozens of men. What makes you think she’s yours?’
‘Come with me,’ he said in reply, and he took her to the Formal Dining Room and showed her the portrait that he had shown to Thadora.
‘That is why I think, no, why I know she’s my daughter.’ He pulled one of the dining chairs out and sat down on it.
He looked up at Nandala. ‘Before I send for your daughter, I want to ask your permission to acknowledge her as my own.’
‘Thadora? You know where she is?’ Then Nandala remembered herself and the Duke’s last remark. ‘Your Grace,’ she said, casting her eyes downwards. ‘You’re the Duke. You don’t need my permission to acknowledge Thadora or to do anything.’
‘Yes I do, Nandala. Firstly, you’ve brought her up and undergone many hardships to do so. Legally I may not have to ask you before acknowledging her, but morally I feel I do. Secondly, I want to adopt her and for that I do legally need your consent.’
Nandala’s legs suddenly felt weak. The Duke pulled a chair out and helped her to sit. He sat himself back in the other chair and turned to face her.
‘You can think about it, Nandala, if you wish. I don’t want to rush you.’
‘No, Your Grace,’ she replied, ‘If you wish to both acknowledge and adopt her, you may do so. She’ll never have the opportunity to do much with her life in the Warren, except perhaps to become a better thief than she is now. But as she’s now past her sixteenth birthday, you’ll have to ask her what she thinks.’
The Duke rose. ‘Thank you, Nan,’ he said. ‘And now I’ll send for our daughter and you two can be re-united.’
With that, Duke Rollo went to the door and called for Daramissillo to go and find Thadora and to bring her to the green drawing room.
They went back down the stairs and this time the Duke took her into a room off the main hall on the right, opposite the doors to the great library where Basalt, Carthinal and Randa had worked four long months ago. It was a reception room and was comfortably furnished. A window overlooked the drive, and another, with large patio doors opened out to the west and overlooked the garden. These windows were open, and a terrace could be seen with a balustrade. The room was furnished in shades of green and was very restful. The fireplace on the wall opposite the smaller window had a magnificent array of flowers.
Rollo noticed Nandala looking at them and said, ‘My daughter, Randa does all the flowers in the Palace. It’s a gift she has, and she enjoys it.’
‘They’re beautiful, Your Grace,’ replied Nandala.
‘Yes. They are all grown here at the Palace. Now please take a seat and I’ll tell Daramissillo to go and ask Thadora to come here. I’ll leave you both alone for a while and then I’ll return to discuss our plans.’
With that, the Duke left, and Nandala wandered around the room. There was some beautiful porcelain ware on the mantelpiece and on a side table. The floor was covered with magnificent rugs over shiny wood. The chairs were soft looking, but Nandala felt too shabby to sit down. Surely her clothes would dirty the fabric. Just then she heard the door open softly and she turned. There framed in the entrance to the room was Thadora. She had not seen the girl for four years, since she was twelve, and she scarcely recognised her. She was a young woman now, but there was no mistaking that red hair with its unruly curls that had been the despair of her mother. The two stood and looked at each other for a minute, not knowing what to say. Then Thadora suddenly rushed forward and they were hugging each other. Both of them had tears streaming down their faces, and Nandala was grateful for Rollo’s foresight in allowing them this time alone.
‘Ma! I’ve missed yer so much,’ cried Thadora.
‘And I’ve missed you. Oh Thadda. The Duke’s told me why you left. Did you really think I’d send you to Madame Dopari’s if you’d told me you didn’t want to go? It seemed the best option for a girl in your position, but I’d never make you do anything like that if you were set against it.’
They talked around their problems and about the intervening four years. Thadora told her mother about going with Carthinal and the formation of Wolf, their capture by hobgoblins and the encounter with the undead guardians of the Tomb. They were deep in conversation, sitting close on a sofa holding hands when the Duke came in.
He sat down in a chair by the fireplace and said, ‘I’ve ordered tea to be brought. Now, I think we’ve some business to discuss.’
It was decided that Duke Rollo would both acknowledge Thadora as his daughter, and formally adopt her to legitimise her. There was some heated discussion as to what her mother was to do. Rollo wanted Nandala to live in the Palace, but this Nandala refused. She was proud of her independence and wanted to keep it. She told Rollo that she would accept a position in his household, but that was not satisfactory to the Duke. He could not have the mother of his daughter working as a servant in his household. It would not be seemly, and would make Thadora’s role very ambiguous. Eventually, not without some argument, Nandala agreed to live in a house provided by Rollo. He would provide a small income for her too. This she was reluctant to accept at first until Thadora pointed out to her that she could hardly carry on working in her previous profession while living in the Duke’s house. She also pointed out that Rollo owed her mother many years of back money for her, Thadora’s, keep, and anyway, the Duke could afford it. Nandala reluctantly agreed to this and so Rollo went to arrange for the purchase of a house in the affluent merchant district. He also spoke to Daramissillo and told him to engage a reliable servant and cook for Nandala’s house. He did not press any more servants on her, although he privately thought that she really should have at least one more girl and a butler. He knew she would be appalled. Perhaps in the future?
 With the discussions finished the adoption and acknowledgement of Thadora was begun, and Nandala remained at the Palace until her own home was ready.
CHAPTER 34

YSSA

Carthinal had decided to stay in the Mage Tower while he remained in Hambara. His plans from here on were non-existent. He supposed he would have to go to Bluehaven soon to look through Mabryl’s belongings and sort out whatever needed doing, but after that he had no idea what he was going to do. He decided that he might as well remain here in Hambara for a while until he had decided. Mabryl’s affairs had waited for over four months now, so a bit longer would not do any harm. Besides, he was looking forward to seeing Yssa again.
With these thoughts, he walked the short distance from the Palace to the Tower. He was dressed in clean, new robes, his others having been thrown away as too dirty to even consider washing. He had had a good dinner the night before at the Palace and had slept in a warm, soft bed in a luxurious room, all to himself. The others had been assigned rooms too in the east wing of the house. Each of them, except for Davrael and Kimi of course, had had their own room and had taken advantage of the luxury of hot baths and clean clothes. 
Carthinal wondered if Fero had slept alone or if Randa had found her way to his bed, then he shook himself. It was none of his business what the pair did, especially now that their mission had been successfully completed, but a faint worry still nagged at him. They were both his friends, and he could see disaster ahead for them. Fero was a man of the wilderness who hated to be bottled up in towns while Randa was a sophisticated heiress, well used to living in the cities of the country and mixing with nobility and royalty. She was also the heir to the dukedom and would one day be running it. He sighed again as he approached the gates of the Tower.
As he entered the Tower, the feeling of disorientation he always felt when entering the building once again beset him. Surely it was bigger inside? How it had been accomplished was beyond him. One day he would pace it out to find out for sure. He had decided to go up to see if Yssa were in her rooms first of all, and then see if he could find Tomac and Emmienne, who had been his companions as apprentices of Mabryl. He was striding over to the staircase when he was hailed from across the Hall.
‘Carthinal. It is you! We thought that you were dead. You’ve been gone four months, Yssa says.’
Carthinal turned and saw a young man dressed in tawny robes, the like of which he had so recently worn. He had a mop of unruly black hair and mischievous brown eyes. A broad grin appeared on Carthinal’s face.
‘Tomac! I was going to come to try to find you as soon as I’d seen Yssa. How do you like it here?’
‘It’s wonderful, Carthinal,’ replied the boy, his eyes shining. ‘You look thin though. And that red doesn’t suit you, you know. Clashes something shocking with your hair. You’d best hurry and get through your probation so you can wear a different colour.’
Carthinal gave a mock groan and threw a playful punch at the boy.
‘Not you too!’ he said. ‘So many people tell me that. I may refuse promotion just to spite them all, and you too.’
Tomac grinned. ‘Well it’s true!’ the boy responded. ‘I’m working in the library today with Emm. She’ll be glad to see you back. I reckon she fancies you, Carthinal. Been really worried since you disappeared. Anyway, Yssa’s in her room, I think. At least she was a few minutes ago when she sent me here to find out about some new spells that she wants me to learn. See you later.’
The boy turned and continued in the direction of the library, whistling as he went, while Carthinal made his way over to the stairs leading to the rooms Yssa inhabited. He took them at a bound, and soon found himself at the door to Yssa’s suite of rooms. He knocked on the door.
‘Come in!’ came Yssa’s voice, and Carthinal opened the door. As soon as she looked up, from her work at her table by the window, Yssa got to her feet and embraced Carthinal, elven style with two kisses on either cheek.
‘Carthinal,’ she said, smiling. ‘We all thought you’d been killed, and the rest of your group too. What took you so long?’
‘Oh, this and that,’ replied the half-elf, looking at her.
‘You look thin,’ Yssa said. ‘You need feeding up. Where are you staying?’
‘I stayed last night at the Palace, but I thought I may stay here in the Tower for a while until I decide what to do from now on.’
‘Were you successful in your quest?’ She filled a kettle and put it on the hearth to make tea.
‘We found the Sword and brought it back, yes.’
‘But?’ Yssa read Carthinal’s tone.
‘It seems the Sword chooses its wielder and will allow no one else to touch it.’ He paused. ‘The wielder is Randa.’
Yssa looked up from her task.
‘No! Rollo won’t take kindly to that. What’s going to happen?’
Carthinal shrugged. ‘Not my problem,’ he said. ‘I did what I was asked to do and brought it back. It’s up to others now to decide how it’s to be used.’
‘But Rollo...he won’t allow Randa to be exposed to danger. She can’t wield the Sword in anger. Anyway, what was Randa doing there?’
Yssa made tea, and they sat drinking it while the morning passed and Carthinal told the whole story.
At the end, Yssa said thoughtfully, ‘So, Randa is going to have to go into battle if that’s what’s needed is she? I hope it doesn’t come to that, but there seems to be a lot of activity amongst the races like orcs, trolls and hobgoblins. And what were those wolves you told me about? Super-intelligent dire wolves you said. I don’t like it, Carthinal. There’s trouble coming.’
Emmienne came into the room just then and greeted Carthinal. Tomac had told her he was back, and she had come straight up as soon as she heard. Carthinal was pleased to see the girl. Emmienne was seventeen, and was nearing her Tests. 
‘Emm,’ Carthinal greeted her warmly, ‘Good to see you again. I hope you like it here.’
‘Like it? Oh Carthinal, it’s the best. The city is so exciting and being in the Tower with all these mages, well it’s something else!’ She turned to Yssa. ‘Are you coming down to the Dining Room for lunch or should I ask Tomac to bring you something up here?’
Yssa’s face clouded for a second, then she said, ‘Ask Tomac, please, and then leave us. I’ve something to discuss with Carthinal.’
The girl turned and left the room. Carthinal turned to Yssa with a quizzical look, but she was busying herself with clearing a space on the table for them to eat. Carthinal watched her. She was a beautiful woman, but if he was not much mistaken, she had put on some weight since he left. Not much, but she seemed a little plumper. He supposed it was because she had been engrossed in her translations of the books of magic that he and Basalt had found in the secret room in the Palace, and had neglected to exercise to compensate for such a sedentary lifestyle.
Shortly, Tomac brought some lunch for them. Yssa tucked in with relish, eating more than Carthinal remembered her doing before. He was compelled to make a comment.
‘Yssa, I know it’s none of my business, but you seem to be getting quite plump. This sedentary lifestyle of translating old books of magic is not suiting you. You should take more exercise.’
To his surprise, Yssa looked embarrassed.
‘That’s the business I wanted to talk to you about, Carthinal,’ she replied, looking away from him into the fire grate.
‘What? You putting on weight, translating old books of magic, or you not taking enough exercise?’ he teased.
She looked at him. ‘I couldn’t decide either when or how to tell you, Carthinal,’ she said, turning to look at him again, ‘but now seems to be the moment.’
The half-elf looked puzzled.
‘Tell me what, Yssa?’ he queried.
‘Don’t be angry, Carthinal,’ she went on. ‘It wasn’t intentional I assure you.’
‘Yssa!’ Carthinal said, ‘Stop being obtuse. Tell me what it is.’
‘I’m pregnant, Carthinal,’ she blurted out. ‘I’m not getting fat, at least not with overeating or lack of exercise. I’m carrying your child.’
Carthinal stared at her for several seconds, and then he rose and went over to the window. He did not speak, but stood staring out over the grounds. Yssa remained where she was, head bowed and her golden hair obscuring her features. Then Carthinal turned and walked slowly over to her. He placed his finger under her chin and raised her head so she was looking at him.
‘It takes two to create a child,’ he said gently. ‘If I’m angry with you, I must be equally angry with myself, but I can’t bring myself to regret our liaison. It was good, Yssa. If a child is the result, then so be it, but it’s as much my child as yours, and I’m as much to blame.’
‘I was responsible for taking the herbs to ensure no pregnancy ensued,’ she responded. ‘I was so excited about the books you and Basalt found that I completely forgot.’
‘When will the child be born?’ was the next question.
‘Sometime in the second sixday of Pardar,’ Yssa replied. ‘That’s four months from now.’
‘And you told me afterwards that there were no strings attached to our relationship,’ he responded.
He remained kneeling looking into her face. What he was seeing was not golden hair and blue eyes, but black hair and grey eyes, but he dared not let that show in his face. Asphodel was now totally beyond his reach. But she was even before this happened, he told himself.
‘That was true then, and it’s true now,’ lied Yssa. ‘No strings I said, and no strings I meant. I don’t go back on what I said. I only told you of this because I felt it would be unfair if you didn’t know. Rollo agreed with me, that he would like to know if a woman were pregnant with his child.’
‘Ironic, that,’ muttered Carthinal to himself.
‘What was that?’ Yssa asked.
‘The Duke saying he’d like to know if a woman was having his child. Our little thief, Thadora, who accompanied us on our quest, turns out to be Duke Rollo’s daughter, conceived by one of Madame Dopari’s girls. He only found out because she looks so like his grandmother. Does this mean the Duke knows then?’
‘That I’m pregnant? Yes. That you’re the father? No.’
‘I suppose everyone in the Tower knows about the pregnancy at least. It’ll be hard to conceal it from now on anyway.’
‘At the moment, only Magister Robiam knows. I felt I had to tell him as the Chief Mage, and I told Emmienne and Tomac too, but no one knows it’s your child, and need never know either.’
‘What happens now then?’
‘I get larger for the next four months, and then the child is born. I’ll stay here in the Tower and continue with my work afterwards. There’s always someone free to look after a child. I may go to my parents for the last days of my pregnancy and have the baby there. I haven’t decided. Mother will be shocked at first, but she’ll come round when she sees her first grandchild.’
Carthinal went back to the window and was silent for a time, watching the sun shining on the water of the Blue Crystal Lake in the distance.
Then he suddenly turned. ‘Yssa, I was an orphan, and I know something of life for a child without two loving parents. I can’t pretend this isn’t a shock to me, but I also know what shame there is in elf society to bearing a child whilst unmarried. You will be looked down on by all and sundry. That your parents are standing by you is wonderful. I don’t want my child to be born a bastard and have that burden to bear all through its life.’ He took a deep breath. ‘Yssa. I’m asking you to marry me and legitimise our child.’
Yssa stared at the man by the window. The sun was too bright and she could not make out his features. Knowing Carthinal he had probably worked that out before he spoke. At his words her stomach turned over. Against all the odds, and against her better judgement, she had fallen for this man. She had no illusions that the feeling was mutual though. That he liked her, she was sure, and he respected her as a mage. The friendship between them was good. Would marriage spoil that? That he found her physically attractive too was without question; but what if sometime in the future he fell in love with someone else? To elves marriage was sacred. It was blessed by Bramara, goddess of marriage and the family, and was generally considered indissoluble. On the other hand, the child would undoubtedly suffer in the Elven Homelands and from elves here in Grosmer if it were born out of wedlock. She did not know what to say so she remained silent. After a few minutes, Carthinal spoke again.
‘Yssa?’ he walked over to her and sat down beside her. ‘Yssa?’
He lifted her head again. Tears were coursing down her cheeks. He gently wiped them away with his thumb.
‘Yssa. Please don’t cry. My offer was made genuinely, not as a rash thought. Maybe we are not in love, but, we are good friends and,’ here he smiled, ‘you are a very attractive woman and the sex is good. Don’t answer me right away if you want to think about it, but don’t leave it too long. We’ve only got four months, remember.’
Yssa then made up her mind. Carthinal did not know of her love for him, and she did not want him to either. It would only add another complication to an already complex situation.
She turned to the half-elf and replied, ‘If you are absolutely sure you know what you are doing, Carthinal, then I accept, but first, what will happen if you fall in love with someone else after we’re married?’
Carthinal looked into the distance, thinking of Asphodel. She was the only one he would ever love he knew, and she was far beyond him. He would never be able to marry her.
‘I will not fall in love with anyone else in the future,’ he replied honestly, and bent to kiss Yssa, now his betrothed, on her lips.
EPILOGUE

Four sixdays later found the Wolves getting dressed in preparation for the wedding of Carthinal and Yssa. Tradition stated that both groom and bride have two attendants. Carthinal had asked Basalt and Fero to attend him, while Yssa had asked Randa and Thadora. She had not known the young thief before her adoption by Rollo, but had since met her and liked her. She had considered asking Emmienne, but decided that asking her apprentice was not a good idea, so had asked Thadora, as Rollo’s other daughter. Thadora was thrilled at attending Yssa. She had never been to a proper wedding before and she was most excited. In the Warren formal marriage was a very rare occurrence, most people just deciding to make a home together if they were in love.
Yssa was staying at the Palace for the last few days before her wedding. Her parents had arrived four days previously, and were also staying there at Rollo’s insistence. He would not countenance them staying at an inn, even the Golden Dragon. Yssa’s mother, Glissimillaria, was as beautiful as her daughter was. She shared the golden hair and blue eyes with her. As is the case with elves, she looked as young as her daughter. Elves have a long life span and age very slowly. An elf is not considered old until well past six hundred years, and there have been cases of elves living for a thousand years, although these are few. Yssa’s father was called Porishillarrisimar and was a handsome elf with brown hair and grey eyes, which were crinkled at the corners with his constant smile.
Glissimillaria was less than pleased at her daughter’s condition, but was somewhat mollified that a wedding was to take place after all. That Carthinal was “half-human”, as she put it, did not please her, but at least he was doing the honourable thing and marrying her daughter. She was not pleased either that her grandchild would not have “pure” blood, but have some human blood running in its veins. She was however prepared to make the best of things, and after a long talk with Carthinal she was won over by his charm and charisma and from then on began talking of him with pride as her son-in-law.
The day before the wedding, Fero and Basalt stayed in the Tower. Carthinal had to get permission for these two non-mages to stay there, but Yssa had enough influence to persuade the council to allow it “just this once”. 
On the day of the wedding, Carthinal woke early. They were not due at the Temple of Bramara until five hours after dawn, but Carthinal woke with the sunrise. He rose and wandered outside into the gardens. Already it was warm. In fact it had been a rather sultry night. The sun had just risen and the birds were singing their morning song. He wandered to the summerhouse. Here, in the cold of last winter, his child had been conceived. He sat down on one of the benches and thought over the last year. One year ago, he had been a carefree youth, getting excited about going to Hambara just before the New Year to take his Tests. Now here he was about to get married. His old friend and mentor was dead. He had new friends to whom he had pledged an oath. He had been captured, escaped and captured again. He had even had a brief foray into show business. He had talked to and travelled in the company of a dragonet. He smiled at the thought of Muldee trying to drown them in the lake and Basalt’s indignation. He counted amongst his friends a thief from the Warren (albeit now the acknowledged second daughter of the Duke) and a Duke’s heir. The Duke himself had asked to be called Rollo and not Your Grace. Now here he was, about to tie himself to a woman he did not love, although he was very fond of her, and to become a father. The woman he did love was out of his reach. Suddenly he was aware of someone coming. He looked up. It was Basalt.
‘There you are. Thought you’d got cold feet and run away,’ said the dwarf.
‘No, my friend. Just thinking about how my life has changed in the last twelve months.’
The dwarf sat down opposite Carthinal.
‘It all changed with that flood, you know. We’d probably never have met if it weren’t for that. Did you ever wonder if the gods had a hand in that? If we’d not met, then Wolf wouldn’t exist and the conditions for retrieving the Sword couldn’t have been met.’
‘I wondered about that, but it was a bit harsh, wasn’t it?’ replied Carthinal. ‘So many lost their lives, and others their livelihood. Anyway the gods don’t directly interfere in the affairs of Vimar, or so we’ve been told.’
A clock in the town began to chime. It was the second hour.
‘Come on, Carthinal. You must eat then get ready to go to the Temple. It wouldn’t do for you to arrive late.’
The pair then made their way to the Tower and preparations for the wedding.

In the Palace all was chaos. The two Bridal Attendants were busy dressing and trying to organise Yssa at the same time. The Duke was panicking about the carriages, while Yssa’s mother was driving everyone mad trying to help to get her daughter prepared. Eventually, her husband came and took her away, with a wink at Thadora, saying he was having some trouble with his necktie and would she please tie it for him.
Eventually all was ready. Rollo and Glissimillaria climbed into the first carriage and set off for the Temple. With her mother out of the way, Yssa seemed calmer. Porishillarrisimar was waiting at the bottom of the great staircase when the second carriage that was to take himself, his daughter and her attendants to the Temple. Yssa appeared at the top of the stairs and instinctively paused for effect. She began a slow walk down. Porishillarrisimar looked at his daughter and thought he would burst from pride. She was dressed in a silvery dress with a long train. Her arms were bare, but she was wearing a pair of long elbow length gloves in the same silvery fabric. As she moved, the fabric of the dress seemed to change colour as it caught the light. Her golden hair was caught up in a spray of silver flowers and then flowed round her shoulders. She looked to be a gold and silver goddess. Behind her, holding up her train, were Randa and Thadora. Randa looked as beautiful as Yssa. She was wearing a gold dress with similar gloves and golden flowers in her hair. With her silvery hair, she looked like a negative image of the bride, all gold and silver. Thadora was more colourful. The gold and silver look was not possible for her with her red hair, so she had chosen a white dress with copper coloured gloves and a copper coloured sash. Her hair, which had grown quite long during their journeying, was tied back with a copper coloured ribbon. Yssa and Randa glided down the stairs, but Thadora had not yet managed to come to terms with the wearing of dresses. At least not negotiating stairs in them. She looked less than graceful, and just as she neared the bottom, she tripped, threatening to bring Randa down with her.
‘Walk with smaller steps,’ her new sister suggested as she put out a hand to catch her.
The four climbed into the carriage, which was being pulled by four horses, two greys and two golden palominos, to continue the gold and silver theme, and the carriage itself was decked with more gold and silver flowers. The ride to the Temple was not long, but it took them down streets lined with people who waved and cheered. They had heard that Randa had returned, and wished to welcome her back and also that a wedding of one of the mages who was a friend of the Duke was to take place from the Palace. They were in the mood for celebration.
Eventually the wedding party arrived at the Temple. The music was playing as they formed themselves for their entry. First, Yssa and her father followed by Randa and Thadora holding up Yssa’s train. There were gasps of wonder as the little procession made its way down the long aisle towards the altar where a dove would be sacrificed later in the ceremony to ensure Bramara’s blessing of many children and a happy family life ahead. There was Carthinal with Basalt and Fero. Yssa looked at her husband-to-be and thought how wonderful he looked. He was wearing his auburn hair tied back and his deep blue eyes gazed at her with admiration as she walked slowly towards him on her father’s arm. He was wearing a blue tunic that almost matched his eyes, over a white shirt and blue trousers. Fero was in his customary black, and Basalt had chosen to wear a bottle green tunic and trousers and a white shirt.
By the time she had taken all this in, Yssa was at Carthinal’s side. Her father handed her to the half-elf, with a whispered, ‘Take care of her, son. She’s our only child.’
Vows were exchanged and then the dove was sacrificed to the goddess and it was all over. Only then could the couple begin to look around them. They walked slowly back towards the large doors followed by Fero and Randa, then Thadora and Basalt smiling at the people gathered there. As well as Rollo and Yssa’s parents, there were the rest of the Wolves. Carthinal smiled at Davrael, Kimi and Asphodel. Some of the mages were there, and to Carthinal’s surprise, he saw Magister Robiam. Tomac was there, grinning all over his face and standing next to a slightly more subdued Emmienne. There were more faces Carthinal did not recognise, then to his surprise, he saw Sandron with two other young men and an older couple.
‘His parents and brothers I expect,’ he thought.
As they got through the door, there was a flurry of wings that revealed itself to be none other than Muldee who landed on Carthinal’s shoulder saying, ‘They wouldn’t let me go in to see you get married. Sandron said I’d cause a disturbance. As if!’
‘I take it this is Muldee,’ said Yssa. She turned to the little creature perched now on Thadora’s shoulder.
‘I’m very pleased to meet you, Muldee. Will you accompany us to the Palace for something to eat?’
‘She’s got good manners, at least,’ the dragonet observed. He said to Carthinal, ‘I approve of her.’
The young mage turned, laughing.
‘I’m so glad, Muldee. I don’t know what I’d have done if you hadn’t.’
‘Is he being sarcastic?’ asked Muldee to the air.
The wedding party left the Temple and only a few people were still waiting around by the temple. Basalt had noticed Asphodel was still standing at the top of the steps of the Temple and he got out of the carriage he was sharing with Fero, Randa and Thadora telling them to wait for a minute. He climbed the steps once again towards the great doors, and stopped by Asphodel. She was looking along the road in the direction the carriage carrying Carthinal and Yssa had gone.
‘Don’t upset yourself, lassie,’ he said. He noticed two tears escape from her eyes.
‘It’s a mess, truly a mess. I know you love him, and I’m pretty sure he loves you, although he’s hard to read when he wants to be, and for some reason he doesn’t want anyone to know. But he’s honourable, whatever else he is, and he felt he had to do this. I know your dreams are shattered and your heart broken, but it will mend. Truly. There will be scars, but you will heal. Believe me, Asphodel, if I could do anything I would, but what’s done is done and there’s no going back.’
The elf looked at the dwarf.
‘Thank you, Basalt, for being so kind and understanding.’ She dried her eyes on the handkerchief he gave her. ‘Now let’s go. We’ve a wedding feast to attend.




The End of Part 1

of

The Wolves of Vimar

APPENDIX 1

Time on Vimar

From early times, it was known that the planet Vimar took almost exactly three hundred and sixty days to travel around its sun, the people divided this into twelve months of thirty days each. This number, and the three hundred and sixty days in the year meant that the number six took on a significance, and so they further divided each month into five ‘weeks’ of six days each. This was called a ‘sixday’.
The months were unrelated to moon phases as the planet has two moons, Lyndor and Ullin, each with a different cycle, but the study of the moon phases became important as they were believed to indicate something of the future, both for individuals and the world as a whole.
The year was deemed to begin at the Vernal Equinox when life was beginning to spring anew, and each of the twelve months was named after one of the gods of Vimar. (See Appendix 2)  the first month of the year, Grilldar, was called after the god Grillon, god of nature. The months are as follows:

Spring

Grilldar         Grillon              Nature
Kassidar        Kassilla            All
Zoldar            Zol                   Knowledge

Summer

Candar           Candello          Weather and Sea
Sylissdar       Sylissa              Life and Healing
Allandrindar Allandrina         Deceit and Persuasion

Autumn

Pardar            Parador            Agriculture
Rothdar          Roth                Mining and Metalworking
Bardar            Barnat             War

Winter

Bramadar        Bramara         Marriage and the family
Majordar        Majora            Magic
Khaldar          Kalhera           Death and the Underworld

Days used to begin at dawn whatever the season or place in the world, but eventually it was seen fit to begin them at the time of dawn at the Vernal Equinox in all parts of the world, which was the equivalent of 6 am on Earth. Each day was about the same length as that of Earth, and because of the importance of the number six and its multiples, each day was divided, as on Earth, into twenty four hours and hours into sixty minutes. Seconds not usually considered on the planet as timing to that accuracy was neither needed nor, for most people, possible. Thus the second hour of the day would be equivalent to 8 am on Earth. Noon on Earth corresponds to the sixth hour on Vimar etc.
APPENDIX 2

Religion on Vimar

The Gods

First there was nothing. The One saw in His mind a new Universe, so He created Kassilla to create and oversee this new universe. He then departed. So Kassilla created the universe and then Vimar for her to live on. It was a truly beautiful world with a great variety of land and water, but Kassilla was alone. So she created Zol to be her companion and consort. Between them, they made the race of Elves to serve them.  The elves were very long-lived and so had low fertility, as new individuals were not required as replacements very often. Kassilla and Zol made them mortal so they would not think they were like the gods.
Kassilla then created four more gods to make a holy number six. She created Allandrina, Barnat, Roth and Grillon. Then Kassilla and Zol began to have children of their own, and so they created the dryads, nymphs and satyrs to help them to look after their world. Their children spread through the world and created and moulded things to their own liking. There were six in all—Bramara, Parador, Majora, Candello and the twins, Kalhera and Sylissa. Each took a particular thing as their own jurisdiction.
The elves, thought Barnat, the god of war, were becoming too proud, and so he created humans with much shorter lifespans. Roth thought he would like to find and use the minerals under the mountains and so he created the dwarves as a race of small but tough and strong people to mine them. The gnomes evolved almost on their own from the dwarves, and no one is absolutely sure where the races such as trolls, hobgoblins and orcs came from. Some suspicion fell onto Zol as the god of neutrality who would have to try to redress the Balance, but some thought it maybe one of the gods who had embraced evil, such as Allandrina, Ellindran or Nello in order to have their own followers.
Allandrina the goddess of deceit, subverted some of the humans to her own devices, and even some dwarves and elves fell under her sway, aided by Barnat, and war entered the world.
Eventually, the gods found their world becoming more and more populated by the humans who bred quickly, so they created another world on a different plane of the universe and they withdrew from Vimar. Kassilla laid down that they should not interfere directly in the lives of the people on the planet. They could only suggest courses of action by indirect means such as dreams, and she stipulated that the balance between good and evil must be retained. So the gods watched the lives of the many peoples on Vimar. Sometimes Kassilla’s rules were broken, and one god or another interfered directly, but these violations were few and far between.

The Priesthood.

Each priesthood had its own colour, worn by all clerics of the god. Sashes of different colours denoted the different ranks of priests. Thus Asphodel begins by wearing a scarlet sash to denote that she is only a novice, but when she advances to Curate, she wears a lilac sash.
Each Church was ruled by one cleric, known as the Most High. His word was law, and all must obey his dictates, something that Asphodel found difficult on occasion.  Below him were a number of different ranks. The individual temples in the larger cities were ruled by a person known as the Great Father or Great Mother, and they had absolute authority over the clerics in their jurisdiction. In the smaller towns, the highest ranked cleric was considered to be in charge and was called ‘father’ or ‘mother’, regardless of their rank. Mother Caldo in Bluehaven was a case in point. She was a Deacon, but as the highest-ranking cleric was called Mother Caldo.
The Most High was elected by his peers. That is, by Great Fathers and Great Mothers of his or her particular religion. The post was for life and could not be resigned no matter what. (This had led to the mysterious death of some Most Highs in the past.)
Advancement in the churches had to be vouchsafed by a higher-ranking cleric by that cleric overseeing the work of the candidate. A candidate was forbidden to work at a higher rank unless this procedure had been gone through. Thus Asphodel’s concern that she would remain forever a curate due to her actions in the Temple.
When performing magic, clerics were granted their powers by their god. They prayed for the ability to channel the power to perform the task in hand, and it was or was not granted by the god. However, clerics needed to gain experience in handling the simpler tasks before the god would grant them the power to perform much more difficult miracles. Less experienced clerics could not handle the rigours of the higher magic, as it would have destroyed them until they were of sufficient experience to be able to channel the huge amounts of the god's essence required.
APPENDIX 3

Magic on Vimar

Mages used the mana that covered the world to perform their magic. Some people seemed to be able to absorb this arcane form of energy and use it to perform spells, and these were the people who became mages. However, unless tutored, this could be dangerous, as the results were unpredictable. Even the practitioners themselves may not know they were actually bending the mana to their will without training.
The mages built towers in several of the major towns of the world and these towers were where the young apprentices came to be tested, as Carthinal did, to make sure they were equipped to continue in their advancement. A Magister elected from the ranks of other magisters by the magisters themselves ruled each tower. The post was for a period of six years. Every year, there was a conference of the ruling Magisters from the towers.
Advancement after the apprentice tests was untested. Things were very informal in the Towers and by the time Carthinal took his tests, ranking of mages had long been abandoned as being too divisive and hierarchical and mages could wear any colour they wished once their probation was over. The only ranks that were kept were those of mage, arch-mage and magister. To end a mages probation before the year was up was the only thing that required any overseeing. All that that entailed was for a full mage to tell the magister of the tower that he or she felt that the probationer had gained enough experience to become a full mage.
When spells were performed, a mage needed to shape the mana within him to the shape of the spell. This was done by visualising the outcome, and then, by means of words and gestures, force the mana to obey. Mages as they advance, can gather more mana within themselves, and even some very exceptional mages can gather it from the surroundings, especially in particular places, called nodes, where mana seemed to gather. It was not understood fully how or why mana should gather at particular points in the world, but one theory was that it flowed, something like rivers or winds, and these places were where one or more 'river' joined.
Mana could be intensified or collected by certain crystals. Quartz was very good at collecting mana and was often used to recharge magical items such as Carthinal’s staff, which he inherited from Mabryl.
Young mages were very limited in their spell usage. They could gather insufficient mana to perform many or complex spells, and even if they could, the more difficult spells were beyond their learning. A bit like trying to teach a child calculus before it had mastered simple arithmetic.
Mages were knowledgeable about the moons and other planets too. They were the astronomers and astrologers of the planet. They paid particular attention to the phases and alignments of the moons, as they were considered to be particularly influential on the life of the planet. At birth, almost every child had his or her destiny read by a mage, and the positions and phases of the moons were considered to be most important.
The magic itself was divided into five disciplines. These were:
Energy.Spells of this kind controlled or summoned such things as fire, cold, electricity etc. They were among the first spells learned as they seemed to be easier than the others.
Mind. These spells worked on the mind of others and spells of charm or friendship were in this group, as well as all illusion spells and spells creating fear.
Physical. Physical spells worked to bring alterations to the physical world. They include all spells of summoning.
Time. This group contains all spells of foretelling and scrying.
Spirit. Spirit spells include all spells that affect magic and all spells dealing with other planes of existence.
There was also thought to have been another discipline that had been lost in the Forbidding when the practice of magic was proscribed, but its existence had never been proved.
APPENDIX 4

Languages

The language spoken by most of the characters in this story is Grosmerian. However some of the characters met speak other languages. The neighbouring lands of Erian and Perimor have their own languages as have the Horselords over the Western Mountains. Fero speaks his own language of Beridonese, but since there is no one else to speak it to, it does not figure in this narrative.
The elves speak their own language. It is a very beautiful, liquid language with no harsh sounds and many sibilants. Few who are not of elven heritage can speak it.  Pronunciation is as follows:
ll sounds as ly, like the Spanish ll.
r is slightly rolled and rr strongly rolled.
b is pronounced softly as is d and g.
f is always unvoiced.
o is always ‘oh’ and u always ‘you’.
j and k do not exist in the language.
Diphthongs are always sounded as separate letters. E.g. ‘io’ is pronounced as ‘ee-oh’.
Construction is similar to Latin, with the verb at the end of the sentence and adjectives and adverbs following the word they govern.
Nouns form the plural by adding ‘er’ and the female gender by adding ‘i’.
e.g.   tree           pressil(singular)    pressiller(plural)
        elf(male)   Eldiss(singular)    Eldisser(plural)
        elf(female)Eldissi(singular)   Eldissier(plural)
Verbs are regular, and there is only one conjugation.

Dwarvish is a much harsher language, and its construction is much more similar to English. Word order is similar to English, but adjectives generally follow the noun.  Pronunciation is simple. All sounds are hard. Ch is pronounced as Welsh or German.  K is very hard, and r is sounded at the back of the throat similar to French.
Definite articles do not exist. Indefinite article singular does not exist, only the plural,  ‘plo’, meaning ‘some’.
There are 3 conjugations of verbs.
Plurals are formed buy adding -ghi to nouns.
Gender is non-existent. Everything is masculine.
A bit about V.M.Sang

She was born in the north west of England in a town called Northwich, which is between Manchester and Chester.

She was educated at Northwich Grammar School for Girls, which was a selective school. It has now become a comprehensive school and takes in all ability levels and both sexes. From there she went to Elizabeth Gaskell College in Manchester to do teacher training where she studied Science as a main subject and Maths and English as subsidiary.

After finishing her training she taught in several places, beginning in Salford, near Manchester, then she taught in Lancashire, Hampshire (south of England) and Croydon (a London borough)

She is married with 2 children, a girl and a boy, and 3 grandchildren, 2 boys and a girlwith whom she likes to spend time with them as they are great fun. Her other interests are a variety of crafts (cross-stitch, card making, tatting, crochet, knitting etc) and painting as well as writing. She also enjoys gardening and walking, cycling and kayaking.

She is now retired from teaching and lives in East Sussex with her husband.

Find out more about The Wolves of Vimar and V.M.Sang by visiting her website http://vmsang.moonfruit.com/ or her blog http://aspholessaria.blogspot.co.uk/




