


Frotwoot’s Faerie Tales

Book One:
The Unseelie Court (Part 1 of 6)

By
Charlie Ward




Copyright 2014 Charlie Ward


(All rights reserved. Except for the use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means is forbidden without the express permission of the author. This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and settings are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, names, locales, organizations, or persons living or dead, is entirely coincidental. Except when it isn’t.)



1

Once upon a time, a little boy fell from the sky. 
And it really, really hurt.
“Ow,” he moaned softly, too dazed from the shock of impact to give it any more effort than that. Eventually the freezing rain on his back and the lumpy pile of cornstalks that lay crushed beneath him became uncomfortable enough to snap him out of it, but as his mind cleared it was almost immediately clouded again by the sudden confusion he felt at having no idea what had just happened. He remembered falling, of course, flailing helplessly at the air as the cornfield rushed up to meet him, but… how? What had he fallen from? 
The boy reluctantly rolled onto his back to investigate, letting out an elaborate groan in the process, but as he looked up at the sky all he could see was the storm. Could he have fallen from the clouds, he wondered? They weren’t generally very solid things, clouds, but maybe there was something behind them. Figuring he might as well go take a look, the boy pulled himself up out of the mud and indulged in a quick litany of “Ow”s as a variety of bruises made themselves known. Then, after checking to make sure nothing was broken, he took a deep breath, spread his wings and… didn’t fly. 
“Huh,” said the boy, furrowing his brow puzzledly and hopping a bit to see if it would help him get into the air. It didn’t, so instead of a hop he tried a jump. When that didn’t work either he tried a running jump, which also failed but it was his last idea so he kept with it. Soon enough he was leaping and bounding through the cornfield at a reckless rate, growing more and more desperate to get off the ground every second that he couldn’t. “I can’t fly,” he muttered to himself frantically, scrambling to his feet to try another take-off even though the last one had just sent him face-first into the mud. “Why can’t I fly?” 
Eventually his blind, panicked leaps took him out of the cornfield and into the path of an oncoming car. He finally became airborne at this point, but since it came as a result of being hit at full speed by the aforementioned car and abruptly ended with him bouncing violently across the pavement, the boy considered it to be something of an empty victory. “Oh my gosh,” came a voice from nearby, closely followed by the sounds of a car door slamming and someone sprinting across the gravel. They slid to their knees as they reached the boy’s side, and as their face came into view above him he saw that “they” were a very nervous-looking young man with big round glasses and a goatee. “Oh my gosh,” the man said again, his hands hovering uncertainly in the air as if he wanted to use them to help but wasn’t sure how. “Are you all right?” 
“No,” the boy said numbly, staring past him at nothing in particular. “I… I can’t fly.” 
“… What? Look, don’t try to move. I’m gonna call an ambulance or something.” The man pulled some kind of device the boy had never seen before out of his pocket, held it out in front of him in various positions, and then, with a growl of frustration, chucked it into the cornfield. “Aagh, I can’t get a signal! What am I supposed to—?” He bit his lip and looked around fretfully for a moment while the boy just laid there in silence, letting the tears fall from his eyes. Then, seeming to have come to a decision, the man looked down at the boy and said, “Okay, look, I just—don’t worry. You’re gonna be okay. I can drive you to the hospital myself. It’s not very far, so—well, no, it’s kinda far I guess, but I’ll speed, so it won’t seem like it. Anyway, my back seat’s pretty trashed, so just, uh—just wait here while I go clear it out, okay?” 
“Okay,” the boy sighed miserably. The man gave him a quick, sympathetic kind of look, then ran off to do what he’d said. The boy tried to sit up, and in the process he couldn’t help but notice that his right arm and a few of his ribs were broken. He also couldn’t help but cry out in pain, which brought the man running back to him in a flash. 
“What? What’s wrong?” 
“My arm… ” 
“What, is it broken?” Apparently the man only had to glance at it to find out, if the way he winced was any indication. “Oh. Okay, yeah, that’s definitely broken. Just, uh—just try not to move it, okay? The doctor’ll fix it once we get there.” 
“Will he fix my wings, too?” 
The man gave him the oddest look. “Your what?” 
“My wings. They’re not working.” 
“… Yeah. Look, just hold on, kid. I’ll be right back.” 
Since he couldn’t get up the boy figured he really had no choice but to “hold on”, and he did so for what felt like an eternity before the man finally came back for him. Scooping him up as gently as he could, the man carefully carried the boy back to his car and, soon enough, they were on their way to the hospital. Neither of them said anything for a while, but the man seemed to be the kind of person who couldn’t tolerate silence for long so eventually he broke it with, “My name’s Jack, by the way. Sorry I hit you, but you kind of came out of nowhere, you know?” 
“Yeah, I know.” 
“So what’s your name?” 
“Frotwoot.” 
“What?” 
“Frotwoot.”
“ ‘Frotwoot’?”
“Yeah.” 
“… Are you sure?” 
In fact, the boy wasn’t sure. He’d answered instinctively, not even thinking the word before he’d said it, but he couldn’t remember anyone ever actually calling him “Frotwoot”. It felt right, though. But since a feeling and a certainty were two different things, in the interest of honesty he answered, “No.” 
Jack laughed in disbelief. “What? How can you not be sure what your name is?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“Okay,” said Jack, sighing and shaking his head. “So, uh… where are your parents?” 
“I don’t know,” said Frotwoot, tensing up with sudden concern at his own answer. 
“What’re their names?” 
“I… I don’t know.” 
“Oh, right. You probably just call them mom and dad, don’t you?” 
“I don’t know!” said Frotwoot, voice rising in panic as he tried desperately to remember something, anything about his parents. There was a space there, somewhere in the back of his memory, but it was empty. He tried to think back, to remember what he’d done or where he’d been or who he’d known before he fell, but… there was nothing there. He wasn’t even sure he remembered his own name. And why couldn’t he fly? 
“Hey, are you all right?” 
“No!” Frotwoot snapped, heart pounding as he tried again and again to remember his life before now. He knew he’d had one. He must have, but… there were no memories, no evidence to back it up. Jack said something else, probably trying to soothe him, but he couldn’t hear. He couldn’t even think. He could only feel, and it did not feel good. It was too much. Whatever was left inside of him broke… and everything went black.
* * *
The next thing Frotwoot knew there was bright daylight pouring through his eyelids, there was the unmistakable feeling of a bed beneath him, and there was the sound of a new, unfamiliar voice speaking nearby. He couldn’t focus on the actual words for a while, but once he could the ones he came in on were, “… This sounds very much like post-traumatic stress.” 
“Really?” said a voice he recognized as Jack’s. “I thought it was amnesia.” 
“Amnesia is often a symptom of it, Mr. Crossley.” This voice was decidedly female, and thickly accented. “Also, from some of the things you told me it sounds as if he’s created a fantasy world for himself. This, along with amnesia, is a fairly common coping mechanism.” 
“… So, like, is this my fault, you think?” 
“No, I doubt it. Based on the fact that he was running around in shorts made of leaves and trying to fly, I’d say this condition existed long before you, ha, ran into him.” 
“… What is that? Why’re you smiling? Was that a joke?” 
“Yes. You see, ‘ran into him’ can have two meanings here and—” 
“I get it. It’s just not funny.” 
“Maybe not right now, but I’m sure you’ll think so later.” 
As Jack vehemently assured her that he would not, Frotwoot finally decided to stop pretending he was asleep and opened his eyes. The new person, who was standing in front of his bed and smiling bemusedly at Jack, had dark brown skin and a mess of curly black hair tied up tightly near the top of her head. She was also wearing a long white coat and was, in Frotwoot’s opinion, quite beautiful, an opinion which immediately grew stronger as she turned to look at him and smiled. “Oh, look who’s awake!” 
“Hi,” Frotwoot said softly, glancing at Jack and wishing he’d give him a reassuring smile too. The nervous way he was looking at him was kind of depressing. “Who are you?” 
“My name’s Doctor Azikiwe, but that’s really hard to say so you can just call me Bunmi.” 
“Okay.” 
“What shall I call you?” 
“Frotwoot, I think.” 
“You think?” 
“Yeah, I’m not… I don’t remember things. You know, the—the things about me.” 
“So I’ve heard,” said Bunmi, her smile growing a little sad. She sat gently on the edge of his bed and held his hand. “Tell me, what’s the first thing you can remember?” 
“I was falling.” 
“Falling from where?” 
“The sky.” 
“I see. And how did you get into the sky?” 
“I don’t know,” said Frotwoot, looking down and shaking his head in frustration. It was at this point that he finally noticed the plaster cast on his arm, and as a result, something very important suddenly occurred to him. ”Hey, did you fix my wings?” 
“Ah,” Bunmi shot Jack a look. ”Well, you see, that’s… why don’t we talk about that later? First, can you tell me what you look like?” 
“What I look like?”
“Yes.
“Can’t you see?” 
“Of course,” laughed Bunmi, echoing Jack. “I just want to see if you can remember.” 
“Oh, okay,” said Frotwoot, his brow furrowing with concentration. ”Well, um… I look like a boy.” 
“Yes, and? What color’s your hair?” 
Frotwoot opened his mouth to answer, but, much to his dismay, nothing came out. After a moment or two he tried to take a peek but his hair was too short. “Gah!” he half-growled/half-groaned in frustration, hiding his face in the palm of his hand as Jack walked over to give his shoulder a reassuring squeeze. 
“It’s dark blond,” Bunmi told him gently. “Do you know what color your eyes are?” 
“No,” said Frotwoot, not even trying this time. 
“They’re brown. Here, see for yourself,” said Bunmi, pulling a compact mirror from her pocket and offering it to him. He took it after just a moment’s hesitation, and after another moment of hesitation flipped it open to see a completely unfamiliar face looking back at him. “Do you recognize yourself now?” Bunmi asked. 
Frotwoot shook his head and started to hand the mirror back to her, but then he spotted something that made him jerk it back—or more accurately, he didn’t spot something. “Wait, where are my wings?” he demanded, frantically angling the mirror back and forth and twisting his neck to get a better view of his back. 
“Ah,” said Bunmi, shifting uncomfortably and looking as if she were bracing herself for something. ”Well, you see… I’m afraid you don’t have any wings.” 
“What?” 
“I said—” 
“What’d you do to them?!?!” 
“I didn’t do anything to them, Frotwoot. You never had any.” 
“Did so!” 
“Do you remember having them?” 
“I—” Frotwoot froze, and a pit opened up in his stomach. Not this again… “No.” 
“So why do you think they should be there?” 
“Because… because they should be!” Frotwoot choked, just managing to get it out before bursting into tears. Bunmi didn’t hesitate to wrap him up in her arms, and for the next several minutes she held him close, doing what little she could to comfort him as he sobbed deeply into her shoulder. This went on for quite a while, and by the time it was over Frotwoot felt thoroughly embarrassed. 
“Don’t be embarrassed,” said Bunmi, rather intuitively. “It’s okay to cry if you have a good reason.” 
“Yeah,” Jack chimed in weakly, giving his shoulder another reassuring squeeze. “And, y’know… if it makes you feel any better, we don’t have wings either.” 
Frotwoot looked up sharply at him, then at Bunmi; he hadn’t noticed their winglessness before. “Did you lose yours too?” 
“No,” Bunmi chuckled. “It is like I said, you never had any, and neither did we. No one has.” 
“But then… why do I feel like I used to?” 
“I don’t know,” said Bunmi, shrugging. “But we can try to find out, and if you’d like we can also try to help you remember the things you’ve forgotten.” 
“You can do that?”
“Maybe. I can’t promise that it’s possible, but if it’s possible then I can promise that I will.”
“Okay,” said Frotwoot, brightening up a little as he felt hope for the first time not only in recent memory, but in memory, period. Over the weeks that followed Jack and Bunmi did their best to keep that hope alive, visiting and working with him almost every day (Bunmi kept telling Jack he didn’t have to be there; he just kept telling her that he did), but try as they might they never seemed to make any progress. Then, on one especially grim day, inspiration struck and Bunmi declared that she’d simply been trying to heal Frotwoot’s mind in the wrong direction. “Let’s make some new memories,” she said, and from then on things weren’t just different; they were wonderfully, joyfully different. 
Instead of focusing on the life he’d lost, Frotwoot began—with Bunmi and Jack’s help—to live a new one. He still had to stay at the hospital, of course, but only in the sense that “stay” meant the place you slept, because they were hardly ever there. Under Bunmi’s “close supervision”, Jack took Frotwoot everywhere that he thought a childhood should include, starting with every amusement park in the state of Indiana and continuing down the list until they’d repeated it twice. Soon they were all too exhausted to keep having so much fun so frequently, so they decided to start only going out on the weekends and to spend the weekdays at Jack’s apartment. 
At first this seemed like a pretty poor trade-off, especially when you considered that Jack’s “apartment” was just a couch and a TV that he kept in the attic of his guitar store, but Frotwoot soon grew to love it there. The three of them would mostly just sit around watching movies and playing board games, Bunmi occasionally sneaking in some psychology when they least expected it, but the feeling Frotwoot got from it was better than anything he’d ever known. No carnival or zoo or whatever even came close to it.
This went on for a few months, broken up only by the occasional move to a new facility (and the various failed attempts by those facilities’ doctors to take over Frotwoot’s treatment), but then, just a few weeks before Christmas, everything changed. 
Frotwoot barely even noticed it at first; he’d see Jack and Bunmi holding hands sometimes, or shooting each other looks that seemed markedly different from the way they looked at him, but he didn’t really think anything of it. Then, on Christmas Eve, as they were eating pizza and watching Die Hard (Jack had insisted that it was an “essential holiday tradition” and Bunmi, for some reason, hadn’t argued), Frotwoot caught them stealing a kiss out of the corner of his eye, and he certainly thought something about that.
The next day, Jack came to his hospital room alone and sat on the edge of his bed, looking nervous. 
“Hi Jack!” said Frotwoot, jumping fully-dressed out of bed to put on his shoes. “Did Santa come to your house already?” 
“What? Oh, yeah, yeah, he did,” Jack chuckled, shaking his head. “Bunmi’s already there, too. But, uh… before we go, there’s something I wanted to talk to you about—” 
“Can we talk about it after presents?” 
“No, I kind of wanna talk about it now.” 
“But Jack—” 
“Kid, I asked Bunmi to marry me.” 
Frotwoot fell silent for a moment or two, then shook his head and said, “What?” 
Jack laughed and put an arm around him. “I said I asked Bunmi to marry me.” 
“Did she say yes?” 
“She did.” 
“… Wow.” 
“I know, right? But here’s the thing… Bunmi and I, we love each other. But we love you, too. So, we were wondering… since, y’know, we’re starting a new family and everything, if maybe you’d, um… I don’t know… if maybe you’d like to be a part of it.” 
Frotwoot gave him a funny look. “You want me to marry you too?” 
“What?!?! No, no, that’s not—no. No.” Jack laughed and shook his head before trying again. “We wanna adopt you, kid.” 
“What’s that mean?” 
“… Seriously? Oh, right, you’re like, five. It means that we’ll become your parents, basically.” 
Frotwoot’s eyes went wide. “You can do that?” 
“Yeah, why not? I mean no one’s ever come looking for you or anything, so that’s not gonna be a problem. Bunmi thinks she might have to resign because of, you know, ‘ethics’ or whatever, but once she’s done that we’re pretty sure they’ll let us have you. Well, if you want us to, I mean. I’m not telling you here, I’m—I’m asking you.” 
“So… what, you’ll be my dad?” 
“Yes, I’ll be your dad.” 
“And Bunmi will be my mom?” 
“That’s usually the way it works, yeah.” 
“… Are you sure we can do this?” 
Jack laughed. “Pretty sure, yeah. But, like I said, we won’t unless you want us to.” 
“Well, of course I want you to!”
“Really?” said Jack, grinning at him and jumping to his feet with a burst of sudden, unrestrained excitement. “Kid, you just gave me the only thing I really wanted for Christmas!” 
Frotwoot stared at him incredulously for a second, then rolled his eyes and let out a big theatrical groan. 
“I know, I know,” laughed Jack, voice cracking a bit as he knelt down to hug him harder than he ever had before. “I don’t know what came over me… I guess I just get kind of sappy when all my wildest dreams come true.” 
Frotwoot groaned even louder this time, but he also hugged him even tighter. 
And with that, they lived happily ever after.
… Or for about ten years, anyway.


2

Frotwoot Crossley—now a decade older, a little sister richer, and not a bit closer to getting his memory back—jerked awake as his phone started to go off somewhere near his head. He instinctively started to fumble around for it, but stopped when he realized what time it was. There was only one person who called him in the middle of the night like this, and since the least inane reason they’d ever done so was to hear Frotwoot’s thoughts on “chocolate omelettes” (it had been a moral dilemma… somehow) he figured that whatever it was they were currently calling him about could probably wait till morning, if not forever. 
Unfortunately, the person on the other end of the line seemed to disagree quite strongly with that assessment, making several more back-to-back calls after the first one was ignored. Eventually Frotwoot realized that they weren’t going to give up, so with a growl of frustration he ripped the battery from his phone and flung it across the room. But then, before he could even breathe a sigh of relief… the house phone started to ring. 
“Oh, come on,” Frotwoot groaned, scrambling out of bed to answer it before it woke his parents. The battery he’d just thrown tripped him up before he could even reach the door, though, so by the time he’d managed to get back to his feet and burst out into the hallway it was already too late. 
“Hello?” Bunmi half-yawned into the phone, turning her head to focus on Frotwoot as he came into view. “… What? Wes, do you not have clocks in your house? Do you not know what time it is?” She shook her head, closed her eyes and sighed as Frotwoot’s friend Wes responded. That was what most adults did when they talked to him. “If it’s an ‘emergency’, Wes, then why are you calling my son? Isn’t there someone else you can, and probably should call? Is Frotwoot some kind of superhero now and I don’t know about it, or…? Ah. I see. Then it’s not actually an ‘emergency’, is it? I do not think you know what the word means.” She looked at Frotwoot, who smiled and shrugged as apologetically as he could. “Do you want to talk to him, or should I give him what he deserves and hang up?” 
“Sorry mom,” whispered Frotwoot, taking the phone from her and putting it to his ear. He waited till she’d gone back into her bedroom, then snapped as harshly but also as quietly as he could, “Dude, what’s wrong with you?” 
“Hey! Crossley! What’s up, bro? Something wrong with your other number?” 
“No, I just didn’t wanna talk to you.” 
“Oh. Well, that’s pretty rude,” said Wes. It was all Frotwoot could do at this point not to smash the phone to pieces. “Anyway, I know it’s late—” 
“You do?” 
“Aww, c’mon, man… you’ll wanna see this, trust me.” 
“See what?” 
“Okay, are you next to a computer?”
“Hold on,” Frotwoot sighed, setting the phone down for a moment while he went to grab his laptop. “Okay,” he said as sat on the floor with the computer set up in front of him and the phone wedged awkwardly between his shoulder and face. “Now what?” 
“Well, you know that website I made for our band?” 
“What, you mean that blog we deleted, like, two years ago?” 
“Yeah! Except after you guys deleted it I brought it back.” 
“… What.” 
“It was a good way to get our name out there! Anyway, we’re getting a little off-track 
here—” 
“Wes, Astrid is going to kill you.” 
“What? Why? I took most of the bikini pictures down after I brought it back… ” 
“Most of—?” Frotwoot groaned and covered his eyes with his hand. “That’s not even the point, man. Her family’s in Witness Protection.” 
“I know. I took all our addresses down, too. Anyway, back to what I was saying—” 
“Are you still listing the times and places that we’re performing, Wes?” 
“WOULD YOU JUST FOCUS FOR A MINUTE, CROSSLEY? GOSH!!!” 
“I’m just saying, she’s going to kill you and I’m not going to stop her.” 
“Okay! Fine! Now, can we get back on-topic?” 
“Sure, whatever,” said Frotwoot, shaking his head and laughing to himself in disbelief. 
“All right. So, go to the blog—you remember the address?”
“No, but Google found it pretty quick. Why are there so many results for ‘Starfishy Sky’, anyway?” 
“I don’t know, I thought it was pretty original back when we picked it for our band. Anyway, log in as the blog’s, like… author or whatever—”
“I don’t know the password or the username, man.”
“Oh. Okay. Well, it’s WesIsTheBest—” 
“Really?” 
“Shut up, I was 12. So, it’s WesIsTheBest12—shut up!—and the password is, uh… ” Wes hesitated, then said something to Frotwoot that was decidedly unfit for print. 
“Dude, that’s disgusting.” 
“Yeah,” Wes laughed. “I know. Anyway, are you in?” 
“Yep.” 
“Okay, now go to the private messages.”
“Okay,” said Frotwoot, clicking on the little envelope-shaped icon. There was only one message in there, and as soon as he saw the subject line Frotwoot could tell why Wes had called his attention to it. “ ‘TO FROTWOOT—URGENT!!!’,” he read, clicking on it with probably just a bit less urgency than was being called for. “Did you already read this, man?” 
“Yeah. Sorry.” 
“Wait, so you apologize for that but not for—whoa,” Frotwoot stopped short as the side of the screen changed to show the profile picture of an absolutely gorgeous girl. She had unusually pale skin, thick, shoulder-length black hair that curled at the ends and the saddest, prettiest blue eyes he’d ever seen. “Who’s that?” 
“What, you don’t know? I only read part of it, but she acted like she knew you, dude.” 
Frotwoot reluctantly tore his eyes away from the picture and began to read the message itself:
 
Hey Frotwoot, it’s Maeve!!! I can’t believe that after ALL this time I’ve finally found you! I don’t know why we got split up, but it looks like you landed pretty close to where I did if you’re in Indiana because I’m in CHICAGO! Can you call me when you get this? Like, as SOON as you get this? My number’s—
 
“… ’Landed’?” Frotwoot muttered in disbelief. “Hey, Wes? Can I call you back?”
“What, are you gonna call her right now?” 
“No, I just… I need to think on this for a while.” 
“She’s pretty hot, huh? Aren’t you glad I woke you up now?” 
“Kind of, yeah. Thanks.” 
“No problem. I just hope she’s not a dude or something.” 
“Bye Wes,” laughed Frotwoot, hanging up and focusing all of his attention back on the computer screen. The word “landed” kept jumping out at him and twisting his stomach up, even though it was quite possible that she hadn’t meant it literally. Then there was the picture… it was weird, but even though the girl didn’t look familiar to him at all he got the distinct feeling that she should. It was like having the name of something on the tip of your tongue, but decidedly worse. 
Eventually he went back to bed, figuring he should try to get some sleep before morning, but “try” was about all he could manage. By the time breakfast rolled around he was completely exhausted, and as long as this “Maeve” person was on his mind he was sure he’d stay that way. 
“Hey kiddo,” said Jack as Frotwoot staggered into the kitchen. “What’d Wes want?” 
“Oh, you know… just some stupid thing.” 
“Well, that’s not a surprise,” sighed Jack, rolling his eyes and turning back to the eggs he was making. It was a good thing he was distracted, Frotwoot thought, because otherwise he’d probably be able to tell that his son was hiding something. And then, once he’d told Bunmi, she’d be able to coax it out of him with little to no effort. And then, once they knew, Frotwoot was sure they’d make him call Maeve right away, and since at this point he wasn’t even sure if he wanted to call her at all, well… it was just a good thing he was distracted, Frotwoot thought. 
“Jack!” Bunmi scolded her husband as she entered the room, interrupting Frotwoot’s neurotic little episode. “What have I told you about insulting Frotwoot’s friends?” 
“I don’t know, I probably wasn’t listening,” Jack said with a shrug and a wry smile. “Anyway, it’s not an insult, it’s an observation.” 
“An insulting one!” said Bunmi, grinning despite herself and slapping him playfully on the arm. 
“Hey, I can only observe what the kid actually does, right? It’s not my fault that everything he does is stupid.” 
“It’s fine, mom,” Frotwoot assured her as she gasped and opened her mouth to respond. “I’ll just grow to resent dad over time and eventually rebel against him.” 
Jack and Bunmi both laughed, startling their daughter Molly as she walked groggily into the kitchen. “Hey Molly!” said Frotwoot, scooping her up and sitting her in his lap. “Wanna go see my band play today?” 
Molly shook her head, then laid it just a bit too roughly on the table in front of her in an unlikely attempt to get back to sleep. “She’s our biggest fan,” smirked Frotwoot, setting her in her own chair so he could take the plate of food Jack was handing him. 
“Where’re you guys playing tonight?” asked Jack as he finished serving everyone else and sat down to eat. 
“Some place in Chicago. We’re practically doing it for free, but you know… ” 
“It’s not about the money, it’s about the music?”
“Yeah, I guess.” 
“If only it could be about both, right?” 
“It is when you don’t suck.” 
Bunmi flicked him on the arm with her fingers. “Oh, now don’t talk like that! Your band’s very good, Frotwoot.” 
“I know. I just like to make you say it.” 
Everyone laughed again except for Molly, who, as usual, just lifted her head up to glare at them all. 
When breakfast was over Frotwoot volunteered to wash the dishes, suddenly eager for an excuse not to call Maeve now that it was a more decent hour. Once he’d reached the point where he couldn’t drag it out any longer, he found Molly and asked if she wanted to “play dolls or something”. She did, having woken up considerably more by this point, but it wasn’t long before she got bored with it and wanted to watch cartoons. Frotwoot joined her until a show came on that he just couldn’t stand, at which point he wandered off to find something else to help him procrastinate. It was pointless and kind of silly, he knew, but he just couldn’t help it. As curious as he was about this “Maeve” and the possible window to his past she represented, he was scared that something she knew would… change things, somehow. And, quite frankly, he liked things just the way they were. 
Once he’d run out of things to do around the house, Frotwoot went around the block to help Jack out at the guitar store. “Oh good,” said Jack as he walked through the door. “Now I don’t have to do all those things I hate.” 
“You never do, anyway,” Frotwoot laughed. 
“I know! I save them all for you!”
Frotwoot finished doing everything in the store that needed doing (and a few things that kind of didn’t) just a bit earlier than he would’ve liked, having decided about halfway through tuning all the instruments that if he could just make it until his band had to leave for their gig tonight—which, since they had to take the train from Rensselaer to Chicago, was actually going to be pretty soon— then he could easily put off calling Maeve until tomorrow. He’d pretty much have to, really. So, knowing that his dad would never say “no” to such a request, Frotwoot asked Jack if he wanted to jam for a while, and the two of them were still doing that when the rest of Starfishy Sky showed up to get him. 
“What’re you doing, Crossley?” his friend/ex-girlfriend Astrid Swope (a perpetually angry-looking teenage girl with a few ill-advised piercings and a crazy, multi-colored hairdo spiked up to match the store-bought, pseudo-punk clothes she’d recently started to wear) demanded as she and Wes Cameron (a tall, beefy young man who might pass for a stereotypical frat boy if not for the orange mohawk he’d worn since Kindergarten and his almost pathological aversion to sports and education) walked into the store. “You know your hand always cramps up when you play too much before a show, man!” 
“Yeah, it’s already cramping up now, actually,” said Frotwoot, giving his dad a quick little side hug as he got up to leave. “But you can’t be mad at me.” 
“Why not?” Astrid said defiantly, like it was a challenge. 
“Because Wes put our band’s blog back up two years ago and didn’t tell us. You have to be mad at him.” 
“Crossley, no,” Wes whimpered, actually flinching as Astrid turned to look at him. 
“Be safe, kids,” Jack called to them as they filed out the door. 
“We will, Mr. Crossley,” Wes and Astrid droned in unison before returning to their respective states of terror and rage. For the next few blocks Astrid randomly punched and constantly screamed at Wes, only stopping when Frotwoot started to feel bad and “accidentally” knocked over Wes’ drum caddy. This brought both of them together to yell at him instead, so by the time they got to the train station the mood had pretty much evened-out. 
“Stupid,” muttered Astrid, hitting Wes one last time as they sat down to wait. Wes winced and rubbed his arm, shooting Frotwoot an accusing look. “Thanks a lot, man,” he snarled quietly. Then, after thinking about it for a moment, “I meant that sarcastically, by the way.” 
“Yeah, I—I could kind of tell by the context.” 
“Did you at least get a date with that chick, Maeve? Because I’ve suffered for it now, man. I’d hate to think it was all for nothing.” 
“No, I didn’t even call her.” 
“What?! Dude, what is wrong with you? Call her right now.” 
“No, Wes, I—” 
“Here,” Wes cut him off, forcing his phone into Frotwoot’s hands. “Do it. Right now.” 
“But I don’t want to—” 
“NOW, Crossley! Her number’s already on the phone, go ahead.” 
“What? Why’d you put her number on your phone?” 
“… That’s not important right now. Try to focus.” 
“Hey!” Astrid said sharply, making both of them jump. “What’re you two talking about?” Not having much of a choice, Frotwoot and Wes took turns quickly filling her in, and when they’d finished she asked, “Okay, so why don’t you wanna call her?” 
“It’s complicated, Astrid.”
“Everything interesting is, Crossley. And I’m interested, so what’s the deal?” 
Frotwoot hesitated for a moment, then let out a heavy sigh and gave in. “Okay, here’s the thing: I don’t know her, but she knows me. Since there’s no way she has me confused with another ‘Frotwoot’, then that can really only mean that she knows me from… before.” 
“ ‘Before’…?” said Astrid, furrowing her brow and looking at Wes, who did the same back to her. Then, realization seemed to hit them both at the same time, prompting them to look at Frotwoot as one and say in a knowing chorus of understanding, “Ohhhh.” 
“Yeah.” 
“But don’t you want to know what you forgot?” Astrid asked. 
“No, not really. I mean… what if she knows who my birth parents are? What if she knows where they are? What if they wanna meet me, or take me away, or—” 
“Dude, I just thought of something,” said Wes, eyes going wide as a look of inordinate excitement suddenly lit up his face. “What if Maeve’s your sister?” 
Frotwoot’s jaw dropped, and it kind of just stayed there while he failed to form any kind of meaningful reply. 
“Dude! You thought your sister was hot!” 
“No! I mean—well, yeah, I did, but—” Frotwoot protested, feeling slightly ill. 
“Why are we acting like we know this for a fact?” Astrid snapped, glaring at Wes as he threw his head back and shook with laughter next to her. “She could just be a friend or something, right?” 
“Gosh, I hope so,” said Frotwoot, trying to remember if Maeve had actually looked anything like him. She hadn’t, really, but Luke Skywalker didn’t look much like Leia, either… 
“Okay, wait,” said Astrid, thumping Wes in the chest with the back of her hand to shut him up. “So you’re just gonna leave this girl hanging, then?” 
“Uh… well, it sounds kind of bad when you say it like that.” 
“That’s because it is bad, Crossley. For all we know, you’re her only link to the past, too, and she’s been sitting by her phone all day—” 
“That message came last week,” Wes chimed in. 
“—All week, Crossley, waiting for you to call. Did you even think about that?” 
“Well, no.” 
“Good. Because if you did you’d be a jerk. Now come on, the train’s here. You can call her on the way.” 
Frotwoot really didn’t have an argument for that (and even if he did he made it a point not to argue with Astrid), so as they got on the train he reluctantly took Wes’ phone and sat slightly apart from his friends to make the dreaded call. His thumb hovered over Maeve’s name in the contact list for a while. Then, after he’d finally forced himself to tap it, his thumb hovered over the “send” button for an even longer while. That only lasted for as long as it took Astrid to walk over and press it for him, at which point his stomach twisted violently and he became more acutely aware of his own pulse rate than he’d ever been in his life. It only got worse as the ring cycle continued, so it was almost a relief when the call went to a machine… “almost” because the recorded message began only to be immediately cut off by a very live-sounding, “Hello?” 
Frotwoot swallowed hard. “Hi. Is this, uh—is this Maeve?” 
“No, I’m afraid not.” 
“Oh, good.” He almost hung up then and there, but Astrid was still watching him, so: “I mean, um… is she there?” 
“No, dear. She left just a little while ago. Would you like me to have her call you back?” 
“No, no, that’s cool, I’ll just, um… I’ll just try again later.” 
“All right, sweetheart. Good-bye.” 
“Bye.” 
Frotwoot hung up, sat back, and let out a big sigh of relief. Once his heart had stopped pounding he went to join Astrid and Wes, who stared at him in askance. “She wasn’t there,” he told them, shrugging and trying very hard to downplay how glad he was of the fact. 
“You’re not getting out of this, Crossley,” said Astrid, pointing a cautionary finger at him. “You’re gonna call her again after the show.” 
“And if she’s your sister you’re gonna hook me up,” Wes added, dodging Astrid’s resulting slap as instinctively as she’d thrown it. 
They didn’t talk about Maeve for the rest of the ride, but that didn’t stop Frotwoot from thinking about her. Unfortunately, neither did taking the stage when they got to the awful little club Wes had booked (it was one of those places you wouldn’t feel comfortable calling a “dive” because it wasn’t quite classy enough for that), which made for a very distracted performance. No one outside of the band really seemed to notice, of course, since Frotwoot playing the guitar “badly” was roughly equivalent to someone else playing it “averagely”, but his singing was another matter altogether. When they got to the first song where he had lead vocals (none of them were especially good or bad at singing, so they all took turns), Astrid let him get about two verses into it before taking over as smoothly as possible, and after that they just skipped the rest. They didn’t even need to discuss it; he’d sung so horribly that it just seemed like the right thing to do. 
“Geez, Crossley,” said Wes, getting up from the drums when it was time for a break and giving Frotwoot a friendly little punch in the arm. “You really suck tonight!” 
“Yeah, you really do,” Astrid chimed in, not looking up because she was taking a second to tune her bass. “Your hand’s cramping up, isn’t it? I told you, man. Don’t know what’s up with your voice, though.” 
Frotwoot ignored them, a sudden movement near the back of the club having just caught his eye. A girl was waving at him frantically, clearly trying to get his attention, and once she had it her obvious glee stood in stark contrast to the overwhelming panic he felt upon recognizing her. 
It was Maeve. 
“… I’ve gotta go,” Frotwoot muttered, spinning his guitar around to his back and jumping off the stage. For a moment he just stood there, staring into her eyes and wondering what he should do next, but then when Maeve started to make her way through the crowd, grinning at him as she inched forward at an alarming rate… he stopped thinking and started running. Wes called out to him as he burst through the emergency exit, but he barely heard him. Pure impulse had taken over, and it didn’t let him stop until the club was at least two miles away, at which point he ducked into a little coffee shop to hide while he made a phone call. 
“Hello?” said Bunmi, answering her work phone after almost five rings. Oh crap, thought Frotwoot; that kind of delay usually meant she was with a patient. 
“Hey mom, it’s Frotwoot.” 
“Ah. Frotwoot, I’m—” 
“With a patient, I know. And I’m sorry, but I need you to come get me. Like, I really, really need you to.” 
“What, from Chicago? Call your father, Frotwoot, he’s not busy.” 
“I know, but you’re almost an hour closer and I—I just need to get home.” 
“Frotwoot—” 
“Please, mom. I’ll pay for the rest of that guy’s appointment or whatever, just please come and get me.” 
“Ha! You couldn’t afford it.” 
“Okay, then I’ll sell my guitar, just—” 
“That might cover five minutes or so.” 
“I’ll get a job, then! I’ll do anything! Just please don’t make me wait for dad, okay? Please?” 
Bunmi sighed heavily. “All right, Frotwoot. Where are you?” 
Frotwoot quickly gave her the address, then thanked/apologized to her profusely until she hung up, at which point he turned around to see Maeve standing directly behind him. 
“AHH!” he cried out, jumping back a bit and flailing ridiculously at the air between them. 
“Hi,” said Maeve, looking nervous, confused, and happy all at the same time. “Sorry, I wasn’t trying to scare you, I was just—” 
“How—how did you follow me?” Frotwoot cut her off, backing away from her even as she moved forward. “While I was running I kept looking back and you were never—” 
“Oh, I flew.” 
“… You what?” 
“I flew,” Maeve repeated, just as matter-of-factly as before but a little quieter this time. “We really shouldn’t talk about that here, though. You never know who might be listening.” 
Frotwoot glanced at the coffee shop’s two other patrons and its sole employee, and in response they all immediately acted as if they hadn’t just been staring at him. “I’m pretty sure they’re all listening, Maeve, so—wait, hold on,” stopping short, he shook his head to clear it and put up a hand as if to physically keep this conversation from getting away from him. “What do you mean ‘flew’?” 
Maeve frowned as, apparently, she tried to puzzle this out. “Huh?” 
“You SAID you FLEW!!!” Frotwoot snapped, making everyone in the shop jump a little. “What does that mean?!?!” 
Maeve looked utterly lost, opening and closing her mouth soundlessly for a moment before managing, “It—it means what it means, Frotwoot. I flew. Like, in the air. You know? Come on, let’s go outside, everybody’s looking at us—” 
“No, I’m not going anywhere,” said Frotwoot, jerking his arm back as Maeve tried to pull him outside by it. “I don’t know if this is a joke or if you’re just crazy, but—” He stopped at this point because Maeve looked very much like she was going to cry. “Oh… oh, hey, don’t—” Frotwoot began, but it was too late. Hiding her face in her arm, Maeve spun on her heel and ran out of the coffee shop in tears. 
Frotwoot realized that he pretty much had no choice but to chase after her at this point, but he really didn’t want to, so he hesitated for as long as his conscience would let him (about five seconds or so) before following her out into the night. “Maeve?” he called out, glancing up and down the empty street only to see no sign of her. “Maeve! Where are you?” 
Then, as he started off to search for her in as likely a direction as any, a faint sniffling sound from above made him stop and look up. “Oh my gosh,” he breathed, eyes going wide as they finally spotted Maeve sitting with her knees up to her chin and her face in her hands on the very edge of a nearby roof. “Maeve… what’re you doing up there?” he said carefully, wondering if he should call 911 or something.
“This isn’t how it was supposed to go,” she sobbed bitterly, not even looking up at him (well, down at him). “I mean, like… you ran away from me, for one thing. What’s that all about?”
“Well—” Frotwoot began, but apparently it had been a rhetorical question because Maeve didn’t wait for him to finish.
“And then—then, when I catch up to you, you start acting all crazy and yelling at me and—seriously, what’s wrong with you?”
“I don’t know, I’m sorry,” Frotwoot said quickly, flinching as she emphasized the word “wrong” with a violent, tantrum-like motion that nearly sent her tumbling down onto the sidewalk. “Look, just… come down from there and we can talk all you want. I won’t run away anymore and I won’t yell, I promise.”
“What about acting crazy? Are you gonna stop acting crazy?”
“… Sure,” said Frotwoot, heroically resisting the urge to point out that almost nothing she had said or done in the past few minutes could really be classified as “sane”. “Just come down here and I’ll do whatever you want.”
“Okay,” sighed Maeve, and with that she stuck out her legs and dropped straight off the roof.
“No!” cried Frotwoot, and as he rushed forward in a desperate attempt to catch her… a pair of glittering gossamer wings shot out from her back and slowly lowered her the rest of the way to the ground.


3

“How—?” said Frotwoot, pointing at where the wings had been as she let them drop out of sight behind her. “How did you—?” 
“Gosh, I hope no one saw that,” said Maeve, biting her lip and glancing around nervously. “Come on, we should go.”
“But—” Frotwoot began, feeling rather strongly that this whole “wings” thing merited just a bit more discussion. Unfortunately, he had no idea how to start that discussion, so, after waiting patiently for a second or two (in which Frotwoot managed to take at least three different conversational stances without uttering a single word), Maeve finally just smiled puzzledly and dragged him off by the hand.
Frotwoot kept a close eye on the back of her shirt as they moved, looking for any sign or evidence of what he’d just seen. There didn’t seem to be any, though, and as he looked closer, noting the complete lack of any holes or slits in the fabric, he not only had to wonder where’d they’d gone, but where they’d even come from.
“Okay,” said Maeve, stopping in the middle of a rather unpleasant-looking alley and half-turning to flash him a quick, shy little smile. “Let’s take off from here.”
“… ’Take off’?” said Frotwoot, going to all the trouble of narrowing his eyes only to have to widen them again as her wings reappeared, passing through her clothes like they weren’t even there. As they fluttered outward they passed through him, too, sending what felt like a more pleasant version of a static shock through his entire body… and distracting him just long enough for Maeve to get a few feet off the ground. “No, wait!”
Maeve looked at him, hovering in mid-air, and once again he wasn’t sure how to say what he needed to say. She waited for about as long as she had the first time, then shook her head and took off flying. Frotwoot instinctively lunged for her wrist, and, much to his surprise, he caught it.
Even more to his surprise, though, was that it didn’t stop her.
“Oh crap,” he said, frantically adding his other hand to her wrist as she rather easily lifted him off the ground. “Hoooly crap. Uh, Maeve? Maeve?!”
Maeve did a double-take at the sight of him, which, considering the fact that he was currently hanging off of her, was more than a little confusing. Couldn’t she feel him? The sleeves on her shirt were fairly thick, sure, but still… “What’re you doing?” she laughed, as if this sudden turn of events were a joke and not, in fact, utterly terrifying. “Get off me.”
“What?!?! No! I—”
“Get off!” Maeve laughed again, playfully prying away his fingers and letting him fall.
What came out of Frotwoot’s mouth next weren’t words, and what came out after that, as he lay on top of the parked car that had just done an awful job of breaking his fall, surrounded on all sides by the shattered remains of his guitar… well, they were words, but not printable ones.
“Frotwoot!” said Maeve, floating down next to him with a look of wild-eyed concern. “Oh my gosh, Frotwoot, are you okay?”
“… Yeah,” said Frotwoot. “Yeah, this is just the best. Thanks.”
“Why didn’t you fly?!?!”
“ ‘Why didn’t’—?!” Frotwoot repeated incredulously, shaking his head and wincing as he made an ill-advised but ultimately successful attempt to get up. “Why didn’t I fly?”
Maeve nodded and gave him a “well, yeah” kind of look.
“I don’t—” Frotwoot began, staring at her with his mouth half-open for a moment before shaking his head and trying again. “Are you—?” This also led nowhere, prompting him to growl in frustration, plop back down on the car and run all ten fingers through his hair. “… Okay,” he sighed, peeking back up at her to see a face that was as confused as he felt. “Okay, let’s just… okay. So.” He steepled his fingers and motioned them towards her. “You have wings.”
“Uh… yeah?”
“And you think I have wings.”
“… Uh-huh.”
Frotwoot spread his hands out in front of him. “Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why both!”
Maeve shook her head helplessly, looking very much like she wanted to answer but couldn’t because she didn’t understand the question. Which kind of made sense, now that Frotwoot thought about it; after all, he wasn’t the only one missing information, here.
“All right, look,” he said, patting the spot on the hood next to him. “There’s something I think you should know.”
Maeve looked understandably worried by this, but she sat down anyway.
“Maeve,” said Frotwoot, choosing his words very carefully even though a part of him (and not a very small part) still wasn’t convinced that this girl was real. “I—”
“Hey! What’re you kids doing to my car?!?!”
“—I think we’d better go talk about this somewhere else.”
* * *
“Amnesia?” said Maeve, leaning back in their booth at the coffee shop (a different one, of course) and regarding Frotwoot as if she actually couldn’t comprehend what she’d just heard.
“Yeah.”
“… Really?”
Frotwoot laughed. “Yeah.”
“Well, like… how much amnesia?”
Frotwoot considered this question for a moment. “A lot of it?”
“No, I mean, like… what don’t you remember?”
“Oh,” said Frotwoot, resisting the urge to ask if she actually knew what ‘amnesia’ meant and taking a sip of his hot cocoa instead. “Yeah, I don’t know. Everything before I fell from the sky’s kind of just… blank.”
“Everything?”
“Yeah… pretty much.”
The look on Maeve’s face gave away what she was going to ask next, but it was still kind of heartbreaking when she said it out loud. “Even me?”
Frotwoot sighed and looked away. “Yeah.”
“But,” she said, leaning sideways in her seat to force him back into eye-contact. “But I’m your best friend!”
Not my sister, Frotwoot thought, breathing a quiet sigh of relief. “You are?”
“Yes!”
“… Oh.”
Maeve shook her head and looked out the window, clearly struggling not to cry and/or yell. “Okay, but wait,” she said, holding up a hand and turning back to him once she’d (mostly) managed to internalize her emotions. “If you don’t remember anything, then… what do you think we are?”
“Um… what?”
“Well, I mean,” she said with an exasperated sort of laugh, lowering her voice and looking around as if to make sure no one was listening. “We have wings, so… ”
“Uh, yeah. About that—”
Maeve leaned forward to hear what he had to say, only to immediately gasp and shoot back with her hands over her mouth once he’d said it. “What?!”
Frotwoot shrugged and smiled weakly. 
“You’re—you’re joking, right? I mean, that’s not—how would you even—?”
“You can check if you want,” said Frotwoot, chuckling a bit at how, for once, his being wingless was being treated as less likely than the alternative.
Maeve stared at him for a second, then, much to his horror/surprise, jumped to her feet and darted behind him to lift up the back of his shirt. He squirmed away in discomfort, and she jumped back as if she’d just seen something particularly awful rather than, say, a perfectly normal back. “Where’d they go?!?!”
“I don’t know,” said Frotwoot, laughing nervously for some reason and looking down at his cup. “They just… they’ve just never been there.”
“That’s not possible.”
Frotwoot didn’t much care to argue that point, so he just shrugged and kept staring at his cup. After a while he felt Maeve squeeze in next to him, and then, after another moment or two, she wrapped him up in a warm, wonderful hug. It was possibly the most comforting thing he’d ever experienced, and even though he knew, of course, that it had to end, he sincerely hoped that it never wou—
“Okay,” said Maeve, releasing him rather abruptly to clap her hands on his chest, give him a quick, sad smile, and then, rather abruptly again, seize him by the hand to pull him up and out of the booth. “Let’s go.”
“… What?” said Frotwoot, making an unsuccessful grab for his cup as she dragged him toward the door. “Why?”
“I’ve got an idea.”
“Well, where are we going?” Frotwoot didn’t ask, because Maeve had already spread her wings and taken off with him into the sky. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?!” he demanded instead, clutching her body to his far tighter than it was generally appropriate to clutch the body of someone else to yours in public.
“I was just thinking,” she said, glancing behind her as if weren’t already far, far too late to make sure no one was looking. “Like, what if all you need to remember everything is for someone to tell you?”
“I MEANT MORE THE PART WITH THE FLYING!!!”
“Oh. I’m taking you to my house.”
“WHY?!?!”
“I don’t know, it’s just… more private there.”
“AND WE COULDN’T WALK?!?!”
“… You don’t have to yell.”
“NO, I ACTUALLY KIND OF DO!!!”
Maeve laughed. “Don’t worry. I’m not gonna drop you this time.”
“HOW ARE YOU EVEN CARRYING ME RIGHT NOW?”
“What? Oh, right… the amnesia thing. Well, I’m not really carrying you. My wings are.”
“HOW SO?!?!”
“Do you seriously still need to yell?”
“NO, I’M JUST DOING IT TO BE FUNNY NOW!!!”
Maeve smiled and shook her head at him. “Okay. Well, people can get fat, right?”
“That is the weirdest subject change ever.”
Maeve laughed. “No, no, it applies.”
Frotwoot waited for a moment, then, “And it’s not a rhetorical question?”
“Shut up,” Maeve laughed again, although this time Frotwoot couldn’t help but notice that it was with more than just a tinge of sadness in her eyes. It reminded him of when he’d done something wrong and someone he was talking to was pretending he hadn’t just to be polite, which, in his opinion, was much more awkward than the alternative. “Anyway, so yeah, people can get fat—” Maeve went on, rolling her eyes as he feigned surprise at this, “—So our wings have to be prepared for that, which means they not only have to be able to carry my current body weight, but also any weight that I might gain in the future.”
“That’s… smart of them.”
“Yeah, well, they’re magic. Magic can be smarter than nature sometimes.”
Frotwoot came very close to blurting out something incredulous about the existence of magic, but it was just a knee-jerk reaction and was easily thwarted by the fact that he was currently experiencing magic. “So, what, do you not even feel me right now?”
“No, I feel you,” said Maeve, saying it in such a way that, if she had been his sister, would’ve been much more uncomfortable. “I just don’t feel the weight of you. My wings think I’m just a hundred pounds heavier or whatever, so they’re taking it all.”
“A hundred pounds?!?!” said Frotwoot, mildly affronted. “What do you think I am, ten?”
“I said ‘or whatever’.”
“Still, though…”
“Okay, what do you weigh?”
“Uh… I don’t know. A manly weight. Are we almost there?”
Maeve snorted, and the two of them shared one of those irresistible little post-joke smiles, but Frotwoot’s smile quickly faded as they very, very suddenly swooped downward a few seconds later. Once the initial panic had passed he realized that they were just coming in for a landing (apparently, they were almost there), but there was just enough panic left over to send him dropping anxiously from her arms as soon as they were close enough to the ground.
“Wow,” Frotwoot muttered, and not in the positive way. The place she’d brought them to was clearly meant to be a backyard, but aside from a rather well-kept vegetable garden it was so overgrown and filled with junk that it would probably work better as a sneak preview of civilization’s inevitable demise.
Maeve landed lightly next to him, and—holding a quieting finger to her lips with one hand and taking his hand with the other—led him across the weed-choked ground to the back door of what Frotwoot couldn’t help but notice was a rather dilapidated-looking house. Well, he thought wryly, at least they match.
He immediately felt bad about all the mental smirking he’d just done as soon they stepped inside, as this was clearly the home of a lonely old woman. All of the classic hallmarks were there: Broken and worn antique furniture… décor consisting primarily of cherubic babies and cats… a lonely old woman sleeping on the couch… 
“Who’s that?” Frotwoot whispered, to which Maeve understandably replied “Shh!” before stealthily pulling him through a hallway, down some stairs, and into an extraordinarily decked-out basement bedroom. There was a pool table and everything.
“That,” said Maeve, flicking her head in the old woman’s general direction now that the two of them were out of earshot, “Was Ruth. She’s just some old lady who took me in a long time ago.”
Frotwoot raised an eyebrow at the dismissive tone in which she’d said that, but he chose not to comment on it because it seemed less combative just to ask, “Why’d she do that?” 
Maeve shrugged, answering him over her shoulder as she turned to go plop down on a nearby bean bag. “Because she was lonely, I guess. She caught me stealing food from her vegetable garden, and when I tried to run away she called me back. I’ve lived with her ever since.”
“Wow, that was nice of her,” said Frotwoot, trying to inject a little bit of a ‘hint, hint’ subtext into his voice. If the indifferent stare he got in return was any indication, though, Maeve probably didn’t pick up on it. “So does she know about the, uh—?” said Frotwoot, coming to join her on another nearby bean bag and making wings with his hands.
“Yes.”
“And she doesn’t think that’s weird at all?”
“No, she—she’s always believed that people like us existed, so—”
“What, people with wings?”
“No,” said Maeve, locking eyes with him rather sharply and letting a strange, excited little smile creep across her lips. “Faeries.”


4

Frotwoot furrowed his brow at her and leaned back a bit. “… What?”
“Faeries, Frotwoot,” said Maeve, leaning forward and letting her wings flare outward. “That’s what we are. I mean, look at me. Look at our names. It’s kind of obvious isn’t it?”
“… What?”
“Hey, are you okay? I know you’re probably like, in shock right now or something because you thought you were human, but—”
“What?!?!”
“Okay look, it’s not a big deal. You’re just—what’re you doing?” Frotwoot had gotten up and pulled out his phone, and was currently walking in no particular direction other than away from Maeve. “Who’re you calling?”
“I’m calling my mom,” said Frotwoot, rubbing the bridge of his nose with his free hand and doing his best to control his breathing.
“Why?”
“Because she’s also my shrink.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” said Maeve, getting up to place a comforting hand on his shoulder that he instinctively spun away from. “You’re not crazy, this is just—”
“You don’t need to be crazy to seek help, Maeve,” said Frotwoot, parroting one of Bunmi’s most frequently repeated phrases. “You’re only crazy if you think you never need to—Gah!” He grimaced in frustration when his call went to voicemail and shoved the phone back in his pocket. “She must still be driving. She always turns her phone off when she’s driving… ”
“I don’t get this,” said Maeve, looking very much like she in fact didn’t get something. “Do you seriously not believe me? I have wings; how else would I have wings if I weren’t a faerie?”
“Yeah, that’s—that’s logical,” said Frotwoot, scoffing and rolling his eyes as he plopped down on the nearest bean bag to stare at the floor. Maeve sat on the one opposite, watching him quietly, and after a while he looked up at her, shook his head and (hardly believing he was entertaining this nonsense) said, “Aren’t fairies supposed to be, like… little?”
“No,” said Maeve, giggling at him as if he’d just said something particularly ridiculous. “And it’s faeries.”
“Isn’t that what I said?”
“No, you said “fair-rees”, it’s “fay-rees”.
“I don’t hear a difference.”
“Really? Fay, fair… those sound the same to you?”
“Well, no, those don’t, but—” he shook his head and waved the topic away. “Whatever. So, like… are there other fairies?”
“Faeries. And yes, but not here.”
“Where?”
“Seelie,” said Maeve, giving herself a moment to be amused by his confusion before elaborating. “It’s the place we’re from.”
“Oh. Is it a city, or—?”
“It’s a world.”
Frotwoot shook his head in disbelief, but he believed her. He believed everything she’d said, in fact, not just because the otherwise inexplicable existence of her wings pretty much backed it all up, but also because when she told him these things it felt more like she was reminding him. Maybe she was right, maybe this would cure his amnesia… he’d have to think of a way to give Bunmi credit for it, though, as she’d probably be crushed if his only breakthrough in ten years didn’t come from her. “Where is it?” he asked, just a touch of incredulous glee in his voice.
“I don’t know,” said Maeve. “I just know it isn’t here.”
“But then, like… how’d we get here, if we’re from there?”
“That’s… well, that’s mostly what I brought you here to tell you,” said Maeve, bringing her legs up to sit Indian-style and leaning forward rather eagerly. “I’m not sure where to start, though. I mean, I used to imagine what we’d say if I ever found you again, but I never thought you’d have, um,” she blushed as what she’d just said seemed to catch up with the part of her that was supposed to have kept her from saying it, “You know, amnesia. So… ”
“Just start at the beginning,” said Frotwoot, flashing her what he hoped was a reassuring smile.
“Okay, um… well, I was the princess of Fae, and—”
“Wait, what?”
“What?”
“Did you just say you were a princess?”
“Yeah,” said Maeve, nodding toward the desk behind her at a small green circlet that seemed to be made of marble and inlaid with an elaborate design of amber leaves and branches. “That’s my crown over there. Anyway, I was the princess, so of course I lived in this big castle. My mom and dad used to let me play out on the grounds behind it with my big brother, but one day he didn’t wanna play with me so he kind of just… let me run around by myself.” She shivered a little and folded her arms across her chest, once again shifting how she was sitting so that she was up on her knees. “I thought it was great at first, but after a while there were these… these two men, just staring at me. I didn’t know where they’d come from, so I got scared and started to run away, but then one of them said something and there was a flash of light and… next thing I knew, I was waking up in what looked like a giant birdcage.” 
“… What the crap?”
“I know, right?” said Maeve, trying to laugh but only managing a mirthless little laugh-like sound. “It was so dark, I—I couldn’t see much of anything, but I could tell that there were other cages hanging all around me. I didn’t know what to do, so I started to scream. Someone in another cage told me to shut up, and he sounded really scary so I did. I couldn’t stop crying, though, even though he told me to. It felt like I must’ve cried for hours, even though I probably didn’t, and when I was done I saw this… this little hand reach through the bars and wave at me.”
“Creepy.”
Maeve laughed, this time actually achieving some authentic mirth. “It was you.”
“Oh,” Frotwoot laughed back.
“Yeah, you were—I guess you were just waiting till I was done crying to talk to me. You wiped away my tears and said something in a language I didn’t understand, but it sounded sweet, and when the magic men brought us our food—”
“The magic men?”
“Oh, yeah, that’s—that’s what we called the guys who put us in our cages.”
“Why’d we call them that?”
“Well, they were… men and they could… do magic.”
“I still don’t get it.”
Maeve looked at him for a moment as if he were a complete idiot, but then he smirked and gave himself away, so she just rolled her eyes and continued. “Anyway, when the magic men brought us our food, you gave me some of yours and kept talking to me like I could understand you. I mean, you knew I couldn’t, but—yeah, I don’t know. It made me feel better. I started to talk back to you after a while (probably because there wasn’t really anything else to do), and then… then something really weird happened.”
“What, weirder than birdcages and magic guys?”
“Well… no. But probably as weird.”
“… What was it?” said Frotwoot, realizing with some amusement that Maeve was rather dramatically waiting for a prompt.
“Well, you know my crown? I was showing it to you to try to, like… tell you who I was or whatever, and you held out your hand like you wanted to hold it. So I let you, of course, and after looking at it for a minute you did what everybody does and tried it on. But then, as soon as you did, there was this, like—this big, bubbly flash of amber light, and when you freaked out and threw it back to me I… I could understand you.”
“… Huh?”
“Yeah, I—I don’t know how it happened, but as soon as I touched the crown I was speaking English instead of Seelish. I was pretty excited about it, because, you know, it was exciting, but you were like… I don’t know, you were really not happy.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know, you wouldn’t say,” Maeve shrugged. “But yeah, anyway… now that we could understand each other we started talking about our lives from before, and—”
Frotwoot tensed up and leaned forward. “What’d I tell you?”
Maeve shrugged. “Not much. I mean, we were just little kids so there wasn’t much to tell. All you really ever said was that you used to live with your mom in a cottage somewhere until the magic men came and took you away.”
“Just a mom, no dad?”
“Yeah, you said you didn’t have one.”
“Oh,” said Frotwoot, a strange pang of apparently forgotten angst suddenly hitting him in the gut. “Wow, okay. That sounds… familiar. Anything else?”
“No, like I said, we were just little kids. We ran out of stuff to tell each other pretty fast, so then we just started to make stuff up. It was like playing pretend, but in our heads.”
“Sounds kind of fun.”
“Yeah, it was,” Maeve said fondly. “And it really helped pass the time, too. I don’t know how long we were actually there, of course, but it was… it was definitely a long time. Like, at least a year, I think. Other faeries who spoke English would come in sometimes, so we’d talk to them, too, but they’d always leave after a while, and after that had happened enough times we… we started to figure out why we were there.” 
“… Why were we there?” 
Maeve smiled a smile that had no basis in happiness whatsoever and said, “To be slaves, pets… or test subjects.”
Frotwoot shook his head and tried to think of something to say to that. He couldn’t though, so he wound up just making a noise of disgust and shaking his head again.
“Yeah, I know. The magic men would come in talking about it like it was nothing, and then they’d pull people out of their cages like they were nothing. We started to get really scared that one of us would be next, but there was nothing we could do about it, so—” She shivered again. Talking about her past seemed to do that to her, and, frankly, Frotwoot couldn’t blame her. “Well, eventually they came for me.”
“Oh no!”
“Don’t worry, they didn’t get me,” Maeve laughed. “I mean, they tried, but… okay, so they were putting the leash on—” 
“Leash?”
“—And then the crown started to glow. They started to freak out about it, because I guess they didn’t know it was there, but before they could do anything you reached into my cage and grabbed it. It flashed, just like before, and then… well, then something awesome happened.”
“… What?”
Maeve smiled and looked off at nothing as if she were seeing the events replay themselves on an invisible movie screen. “You saved me.”
Frotwoot waited as patiently as he could for as long he could for her to elaborate, but she didn’t so finally he just asked, “How?”
“You pointed your hand at the magic men, who were already pointing theirs at you, and then you said something and—well, fire came out.”
Frotwoot furrowed his brow and cocked at his head at her. “What?”
“Fire just—it just came out of your hand, like magic. They ran out of there screaming, their clothes burning, and since my cage was already open I flew down to the floor and grabbed the keys so I could let you out. You didn’t need me to, though, I guess, because the next thing you did was wave your hand around the room and say another word that popped all the cage doors open.”
“… What.”
“Yeah, it was amazing! Everyone in the dungeon started to freak out and run away, so some other magic men ran into the room to try to stop them. We ducked down and ran past everyone, keeping low so they wouldn’t see us, and eventually we got up the stairs and into the main part of the castle. I started to fly towards an open window, but you stopped me and said the crown was telling you to go another way.”
“I—what?”
“Yeah, we both thought it was weird but we did it anyway, and pretty soon we were in a little room with a ring of black stones in the middle of it. You pulled me into the ring and listened to the crown some more, looking at all the stones till you—I don’t know, till I guess you found the right one. You touched it and it started to glow, and all the rest of the stones did too, but, like, only two at a time. You said that the crown said once they were all glowing we’d be home, but then a magic man burst in and he—well, I guess he ruined it.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, he pointed his hand at the last stone before it could light up and shot it with lightning or something. The whole room exploded, everything went all—crazy, and then next thing I knew I was falling out of the sky and into a dumpster in Chicago. The crown came with me, but obviously you didn’t, so… I’ve been looking for you ever since.”
“Wait,” said Frotwoot, setting aside for a moment his concerns about apparently being able to do magic and communicate with headwear to focus on a couple of his more basic concerns. “So the same exact same thing happened to both of us, but only I got amnesia and lost my wings?”
“Um… I guess so, yeah.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know, but—are you like, kind of able to remember this stuff now, or…?”
Frotwoot shook his head. “No. I mean, I’m getting kind of a déjà vu feeling, but that’s about it.”
“Well… that’s a good start though, right?”
Frotwoot started to say something pessimistic, but then he glanced up and saw the hope in her eyes and he just couldn’t do it. “Uh… it’s a lot more than I had before,” he said instead, giving her as convincing a smile as he could. In retrospect he realized that it was kind of silly to think his memories would just all come flooding back if he heard someone tell him what they were supposed to be, but even if it was silly he’d still kind of been hoping for it. “I just have one more question, though.”
“What?”
“Is there, like… a boy version of the word ‘fairy’, or—?”
“Yeah, it’s faerie,” said Maeve, laughing and rolling her eyes. “The word doesn’t have a gender where we’re from. It’s like saying ‘human’, or—well, no, I guess it’s more like saying ‘white’ or ‘black’, but—anyway, whatever. The point is, it won’t matter once we get back home.”
Frotwoot raised an eyebrow at her. “Wait, what?”
Maeve clapped her hands and jumped to her feet in a sudden burst of epiphany-based excitement. “Oh yeah, I forgot the best part! Our story has a happy ending!” Then, before Frotwoot could ask what she meant by that, she darted across the room and flung her closet door open, standing to one side and presenting its contents like a girl on a game show presenting a prize.
It looked like a pile of dirty laundry.
“Um,” began Frotwoot, but Maeve had already noticed his bemused expression and had turned with a groan to start throwing her clothes out of the way. Finally, when she was done, she stood back up and re-presented her surprise, albeit with a bit less enthusiasm than before.
“Wow,” Frotwoot said uncertainly, moving closer to get a better look because he wasn’t really sure what he was looking at. As far as he could tell, Maeve had stuffed her closet with a bunch of rocks. Granted, they were very shiny rocks, their uniformly-shaped black surfaces etched with a variety of complex-looking amber-filled designs that were quite pleasing to the eye, but still… they were just rocks. “… Cool.”
Maeve gave him a mildly exasperated look. “You don’t know what they are, do you?”
“Uh… nope.”
“Remember the ring of stones?” sighed Maeve, pulling the rocks out two at a time and placing them on the floor. “You know, the magical one that was supposed to send us home but sent us here instead?”
“Yeah,” said Frotwoot, edging away nervously as Maeve started to form a circle around him with the rocks—or, as she’d said, “stones”.
“Well… this is one of those.”
“Oh,” said Frotwoot skeptically. “Really?”
“Yes, really!”
“Did you, like… make it yourself?”
Maeve cocked her head at him and furrowed her brow in annoyance. “No, Frotwoot, I did not ‘make it myself’. It’s real, and it works. I just need you to activate it.”
“… Why?”
“Because when I try it doesn’t work.”
“No, I mean—wait, if you can’t make it work, then… how do you know it works?”
Maeve shrugged. “I don’t know, it just… it looks just like the one we went through before, so unless it’s broken it should—”
“Where did you get it?”
Maeve opened her mouth to answer, then apparently thought better of it and looked away. “Doesn’t matter. Look, I think I’ve figured out the pattern the stones need to be in, so all I need you to do is—”
“No, seriously, where did you get it?”
Maeve sighed, and after taking a moment to make sure her eyes were as firmly fastened to the floor as they could be, she said, “eBay.”
Frotwoot’s mouth fell open in a sort of disbelieving grin. “… What?”
“No, they’re real, though!”
“Well, of course,” said Frotwoot. “No one ever sells magical items on eBay that don’t actually do anything.”
“No, but listen… the guy wasn’t even selling them as magic, he just thought they were some pretty stones he found in the forest. He didn’t know what they were, but I did, 
so—”
“Why were you even looking for them there?”
“I wasn’t,” said Maeve, finishing the ring of stones with an overly-dramatic thump and locking eyes with Frotwoot as she rose slowly to her feet. Then, using their eye contact to direct his vision to the crown on her desk, she said, “It was.”
Frotwoot looked from the crown to her, then from her to the crown, and then finally back to her. “What.”
Maeve smirked, clearly realizing that she’d succeeded in getting him to take her more seriously. “One night I was messing around with it, just—you know, looking at it and trying to get it to talk to me, and then Ruth called me upstairs to do some stupid thing for her. I don’t remember what. Anyway, I put the crown down on the keyboard of my computer, and when I came back it was turned on, and these,” she spread her hands around to indicate the ring of stones, “Were on the screen.”
Frotwoot glanced uneasily at the crown, and then, barely even having to think about it, he said, “Oookay, that’s it for me,” and turned to leave.
“Wait!” said Maeve, hopping over the stones and grabbing him by the wrist. “You can’t just go! I need you to get me home!”
“… Fine,” said Frotwoot, stopping his exit but keeping a wary eye on what had prompted it. “But I’m staying here… on Earth. Okay?”
Maeve sighed and looked away. “Yeah, I thought you might. Can you like, come visit me sometimes, though? Like, take the stones home and—”
“Sure,” said Frotwoot, shaking his head and smiling.
“Oh, good. Maybe I can help you work through your amnesia some more, and… you know… maybe we could, like… go to dinner and a movie or whatever.”
Frotwoot did a mental double-take and furrowed his brow at her. “Are you asking me out?”
Maeve blushed but grinned. “Yeah, I am. I mean, why not, right?”
Frotwoot laughed and looked away for moment, flattered but also slightly incredulous. “Yeah, why not? It’s not like this would just be the longest long-distance relationship in the history of long-distance relationships, or anything.”
Maeve smiled and shrugged. “Yeah, but maybe it won’t be that way forever, right? Like, maybe you’ll like Seelie more than you like Indiana and you’ll wanna stay.”
“I… don’t think that’ll happen.”
“Okay, okay… just don’t rule it out, or anything. You never know what you might remember. I mean… we used to be in love, you know.”
“… What, when we were five?”
Maeve giggled, which indicated, much to Frotwoot’s relief, that she knew she was being silly. “No, don’t be ridiculous… we were six.”
“Oh, right,” laughed Frotwoot, who then frowned almost immediately as what she’d just said fully registered. “Wait, six?”
“Yeah.”
“You knew me when I was six?”
“Uh-huh… ”
“I’m sixteen?”
Maeve laughed and furrowed her brow at him. “You didn’t know that?”
“No! I thought I was fifteen!”
“… Really?”
“Yes!”
“That’s too funny,” said Maeve, who probably wouldn’t have thought so if she’d just spent the last year of her life not driving for no good reason. “All right, so for our date, let’s say… I don’t know, next week, maybe? I’ll be a princess again, so I’ll pay.” Apparently reminded of it by her own words, she quickly stepped away to get her crown, whose very presence creeped Frotwoot out to no end as she came back to join him at the edge of the ring.
“Is that all you’re taking?” said Frotwoot, resisting the urge to knock it out of her hands and stomp it into dust.
“Oh, no, I’m taking that bag, too,” said Maeve, indicating the clearly over-stuffed duffel bag that was sitting on her couch and then, because she might as well, picking it up and slinging it over her shoulder. “And… well… now I guess I’m ready to go.”
“Don’t you wanna say goodbye to that old lady, or something…?”
“Pfft. No, I’m good.”
Frotwoot suddenly decided that he just might not be showing up for that date after all. “Okay, so… what now? Which one do I press?”
“I’m not sure. Why don’t you ask the crown?”
“Uh… no,” said Frotwoot, stepping past her into the ring and looking at all the stones carefully. “Let’s… let’s not ever do that. Ever. I’ll just figure it out myself.”
“But wait,” said Maeve, rushing to join him. “Don’t you wanna know, like… what it is? Why it’s been helping us?”
“No, I don’t really care,” said Frotwoot, touching one of the stones uncertainly and getting nothing in response. “In fact, I’d like to forget that that… thing ever even existed, or that it talked to me, or… yeah, no.”
“Why?”
“Because it creeps me out, Maeve,” said Frotwoot, trying another stone with similar (i.e. no) results. “It creeps me out so hard I’m actually wondering what’s wrong with me. So seriously, just forget it; I’ll figure this out on my—Whoa!” Frotwoot jumped back as the amber on the stone he’d just touched lit up like a light bulb, and watched in fascination as the rest of the stones began to light up themselves, going two at a time in a clockwise and counter-clockwise fashion from the one that had activated them. He moved to leave the ring, but was knocked back by an invisible wall of force that bubbled and flashed where he hit it. “Maeve, I can’t get out!”
“Uh-oh!” said Maeve, although her heart clearly wasn’t in it due to how excited she was for herself at the moment. “Try touching the first one again!”
Frotwoot tried, and when that didn’t work he kicked it; furiously. That didn’t work either, of course (as that tactic rarely does), so he made one more assault on the invisible wall before the final stone lit up and everything around him disappeared in an explosion of bubbling amber light. Something like a body-wide head rush swept over him at that point, and when it cleared he found himself bathed in sudden darkness, the only light he could see faintly emanating from the glowing circle of stones that surrounded him… stones that were kind of the same, but very obviously different.
“Okay,” he said with a sigh, turning to where Maeve had just been standing. “I guess it worked, but now what? Should I just turn it back on again, or—?” He stopped short, because there was pretty clearly no one there. “… Maeve?” he said into the pitch-black darkness, reaching out desperately all around him only to find empty air. “Maeve, where are you?”
She was gone.


5

“Maeve?” Frotwoot said again, stepping cautiously out of the ring with his hands held out in front of him. He soon came to a wall that felt like it was made of soft, crumbling dirt, and after randomly deciding on a direction he felt his away along it until he came to an opening (of course, had he gone in the other direction, he would’ve come to it almost immediately). This led into a long and narrow passageway that subtly inclined up as it went along, forcing Frotwoot into a slight crouch before he finally reached the end of it. There was a sliver of light just above and in front of him, and after probing around it a bit with his fingers it became clear that what he had here was a wooden hatch of some kind. A bit nervous about what might be on the other side of it but way more than a bit curious, Frotwoot slipped his fingers into the light, took a deep breath… and pushed upward.
The hatch popped right open, its hinges squeaking horribly as Frotwoot squeezed himself about halfway through the hole its opening had made to take a look around. Now, he hadn’t had much experience with castle courtyards, the castle scene in Indiana having been fairly lacking, but he was still pretty sure that that’s what this was. There was grass all around him, but it ended at the dark, castle-y looking stone walls that encircled it. Cut into said walls were several stories of circular walkways, each lined with a variety of benches and heavy-looking wooden doors; these reached all the way to the extraordinarily high ceiling, which was made of a murky, domed glass that only allowed the dusty sunlight from outside to pour through it in scattered shafts. There was quite a bit of shade, too, and as Frotwoot turned to see why, he… well, he certainly saw why.
Towering above him and making him feel very, very small was what simply had to be the biggest tree ever. The cracks and grooves of its bark were filled with the same softly glowing amber substance that had been etched into the magic stones below, but this stuff was moving and flowing, like thousands of tiny little rivers that never went anywhere. Frotwoot quite happily watched them go nowhere for a while, and then, almost absent-mindedly, he reached out to touch them—
“Hello!”
“Gah!” said Frotwoot, spinning around in a panic to see who’d said that. He didn’t see anyone at all. “… Hello?” he said into the inexplicably empty silence, climbing the rest of the way out of his hole and taking a few tentative steps forward. The whole room lit up for a second as the living amber of the tree flashed behind him, and it did so again when Frotwoot glanced over his shoulder at it. Narrowing his eyes and cocking his head to one side, Frotwoot turned back around to face the absurdly large tree and say once again, “Hello?”
The tree flashed.
“Who’s doing that? Is somebody doing that?” said Frotwoot, looking around puzzledly as he stepped forward to more closely examine the tree. As he did, the amber in one particular spot in front of him suddenly began to glow brighter than the rest, and it did so in the shape of a hand. Gasping and taking a half-step back, Frotwoot almost immediately retraced said half-step when his curiosity overrode his initial shock, and for a moment he just stared in amazed disbelief at the hand-print in front of him. Then, being quite able to take a hint, he smiled a crooked smile and matched his own hand up with the image of it that the tree had created.
“Hello again!” said the same voice from before, seemingly coming from nowhere just as it had the first time he’d touched the tree.
“Hi,” said Frotwoot, laughing nervously and looking around him “Are you, um… am I talking to a tree right now?”
“Thou art, yes.”
“I… art. Okay. Wow. So, uh… does that mean I’ve gone crazy, or—?”
“I say thee nay! Thy mind is clear and unfettered, thy thoughts pure and true. This is merely magic, itself merely a science beyond thy understanding.”
“Oh… good,” said Frotwoot, although he was still somewhat unconvinced. Most crazy people didn’t know they were crazy, after all. If they did, they wouldn’t be. For now, though, he decided he’d probably just go with it. “So, uh… did you see a girl come through here, or—?”
“Yea, verily.”
“… That means yes, right?”
“Yes,” said the tree, because apparently he knew normal words but was for some reason refusing to use them. “Behold, an exceedingly fair and delightsome young maid of the faerie did pass through here some time ago, calling out thy name.”
“You know my name?”
“I do, as surely as I know the name of the maid that thou dost seek,” said the tree. “For behold, am I not the same as he who didst deliver thee from the cages of the Magi, all those years ago? Yea, am I not the one who, through the enchanted amber in the crown that Princess Maeve did possess (yea, even through the magic of my blood that did adorn it), did empower thee to escape from said bondage, and did lead thee out of captivity?”
“Um… what?”
The tree sighed in obvious frustration. “I was the talking crown!”
“Oh,” said Frotwoot, suddenly uneasy. What was it about that crown that creeped him out so much?
“I know what troubles thee, Frotwoot,” said the tree. “Thy subconscious hath made thee wary of me, and behold, while that feeling is not wholly without basis, I can nevertheless assure thee that thou hast nothing to fear from me.”
“… Wait,” said Frotwoot, even more creeped out now than before. “Did you just, like, read my mind?”
“Verily—I mean, ‘yes’! For behold, through the magic of psionics (yea, even through the magic of touch telepathy), we are communicating via a mental link, which link is maintained by physical contact. Unfortunately, due to thy mental defenses and safeguards being non-existent, communicating with thee in this manner doth also give me continual access to thy thoughts and—Oh my.”
“Um, sorry about that,” said Frotwoot, who’d just had the urgent impulse to not think about anything gross or embarrassing which, of course, had led to the grossest and most embarrassing thing he could think of popping into his head. “So… are you just, like, a ‘magic tree’ then, or—?”
“No,” said the tree, sounding mildly affronted. “I am a great and powerful sorcerer. I have merely taken this form to prolong my life; for yea, what liveth longer than a tree?”
“Um… a star?”
“… Oh,” said the tree, sounding as if he/she/it(?) had never thought of that and was now very much wishing they had. “Perhaps this is so. But what’s done is done, and my final form has been chosen. It profiteth us not to dwell on such things, though, as there are far more pressing things for me to tell thee. Such as—Uh-oh.”
“Uh-oh?”
“Indeed. There are others gathering. I see them on the other side of mine trunk. You must flee, lest you be discovered in this forbidden place.”
“What?” Frotwoot whispered, hunching his shoulders a bit as if such a thing could actually hide him and glancing around nervously. “I didn’t know it was forbidden!”
“Oh yes, this place, this temple to my glory, is exceedingly forbidden. Only my most faithful followers, yea, even the clerics and acolytes of the Dryadic Church, may—wait, where goest thou?”
“Back to Chicago,” said Frotwoot, keeping one hand on the tree so he could continue to listen politely while at the same time edging toward the open hatch in the ground.
“But what of Maeve?”
“What, um… what ‘of’ her?”
“She is alone in this world, Frotwoot. I saw her leave here, but I did not see what became of her. The crown she bears is now in darkness, so, alas, I cannot use its amber to see whether or not she is safe. Shouldst thou not find her, and make sure of her safety before returning to thy home?”
Frotwoot wanted to say he didn’t care, but he did so he couldn’t. All he could do, in fact, was groan quietly and say, “Okay, so… how do I get out of here?”
“Fly behind thee to the highest walkway, and enter in through any door. There will surely be a window, and thou canst escape silently through it before thy pursuers make their way fully around me.”
“Fly?” said Frotwoot.
“Yes, fly. For behold, I have made thee whole, even as I so long ago didst unmake thee.”
“… What?!?!”
The tree sighed again. “I put your wings back, okay?”
Frotwoot furrowed his brow at the tree, then looked over his shoulder so sharply his neck popped. Behind him, growing out of his back in all their sparkling, magical glory, were a pair of fairy wings. He almost wanted to cry.
“Please, I implore thee, hold back thy tears. It is not fit for a man to weep in the presence of another.”
“Stop reading my mind,” said Frotwoot, who meant it harshly but was too happy to say it right now with anything but a grin.
“My apologies, but I cannot. I will teach thee to block thy thoughts from me later, but for now, as I said, thou must flee.”
“Okay,” said Frotwoot, glancing around anxiously as he started to hear the voices of the people the tree must’ve been talking about as they grew closer (“Are you sure you saw it flashing?”, “Yes. But I am a little drunk, so—”). He started to withdraw his hand, but before he could do more than think about it the tree said, “Wait!”
“What?”
“We must remain in contact, for, as I said, I have much to tell thee. Here,” Frotwoot’s eyes went wide in mild horror as a bit of the amber around his hand suddenly oozed off the tree and onto his index finger. “Swallow this, and our mental link shall be maintained until such a time as thy bowels are moved.”
“… You want me to put this goo that just came out of you into my mouth?”
“Yes, and with much haste!”
“Didn’t you say this was like, your blood, or something?”
“Ah… yes, but I was just being poetic. Hurry, now! Thy time grows short!”
At that point Frotwoot seriously considered just leaving Maeve to fend for herself. But, of course, it didn’t get beyond serious consideration, as having to do something gross wasn’t an acceptable reason to abandon a girl to her (possibly) unpleasant fate, at least not to him. So, with a shudder and a pre-emptive gag, he closed his eyes and stuck the amber in his mouth. “Oh gross,” he said, struggling to swallow it. “That is so nasty. You suck, tree guy.”
“Hey! Who’re you?” someone shouted, and Frotwoot looked up to see a group of five people approaching him, all wearing the same hooded green cloaks that appeared to be made of velvet and lined at the outside hems with the same leafy amber design as Maeve’s crown.
“Flee!” said the tree, distracting his pursuers with a rapid, strobe-like flashing of its amber. Then, acting on complete instinct, Frotwoot spread his wings as easily as blinking and, with a burst of indescribable glee, launched himself up and off the ground.
It was amazing. He felt as if he’d been limping his whole life and now he was sprinting. As if he’d been drowning and could suddenly swim. As if… as if he’d just gotten behind the wheel of a car and forgotten how to steer it. “Oh no,” he said, eyes widening in horror as he spiraled and crashed through the tree’s enormous branches, unable to turn away and land on the walkway like the tree had said. “Oooh no, this is—ow!—tree guy?”
“What doest thou?!?!”
“I don’t know what I doest! I can’t steer, I—AGH!!!” he cried out in pain as he slammed shoulder first into a particularly unforgiving branch, twisting away from it in the air to continue his rapid ascent.
“Well, I knowest not how to help thee, Frotwoot! For behold, I am not a faerie, and thus have never—” The tree stopped in mid-sentence, giving Frotwoot an empathetic hiss as he finally cleared the branches only to go crashing through the big glass ceiling above them.
Too dazed to stay airborne, Frotwoot fell back down to the domed glass and nearly broke back through it before beginning to roll painfully down its surface. He wasn’t able to stop himself until the dome ended and there were some slanted shingles to grab onto, which he just barely managed to do before rolling off the roof completely.
“Ow,” he moaned pointedly, glaring ruefully up at the clear blue sky as if this were its fault.
“Frotwoot, you must continue! Thy pursuers are no longer distracted, and are giving chase!”
“… Okay,” said Frotwoot, who nevertheless continued to just lay there. “Okay.”
“Frotwoot, go! Now!”
Wincing in pain, Frotwoot slowly rose to his knees and took off flying straight ahead. He seemed to be okay at going in one direction, at least, and since the people chasing him had flown off in almost the exact opposite one he didn’t really need to try another to escape.
“How do I get down?” he asked, glancing at the bustling city below him and then doing a double-take because it was unlike anything he’d ever seen before. It was almost as if a modern architect had designed a bunch of buildings as an homage to the Middle Ages and gone too far… or, as if an architect from the Middle Ages had tried to guess what the future would look like and gotten pretty close.
“I knowest not. As I said, I am not a faerie, and have thus never had wings.”
“Great,” sighed Frotwoot, scanning the rows of buildings ahead of him for one that was high enough to drop onto. There were some very tall ones coming up (a couple of anachronistic-looking skyscrapers, in fact) and one of them was directly in his flight path. Fortunately, a suitably tall but also suitably short building soon presented itself (it looked like an apartment complex mixed with a castle tower), and Frotwoot was able to fall onto and skid across it with a minimum of pain. “Ow,” he said for what felt like the hundredth time today before rolling onto his back and getting as comfortable as he could. “Okay, so… what’s the deal, tree guy?”
“The ‘deal’?”
“You said you have some stuff to tell me, right?”
“Oh yes, of course! Where wouldst thou like me to start?”
“I don’t care. Whatever’s easiest.”
“… Very well. Then I shall start at the beginning: My name is Finvarra Dryadia. I am of the Magi (known to you as ‘the magic men’), and, in a sense, am the creator of all those who populate Seelie. Long ago, you see, many hundreds of years, in fact, I was tasked with giving amazing gifts to the people of ancient Ireland—”
“Ireland?”
“Yes, Ireland. For you see, while the my people are not of Earth, our science, which thou wouldst call ‘magic’, did allow us to go there, using that which we did call ‘ring portals’, the like of which you did even today use to come here, to Seelie. Those wondrous inventions (which I did invent) did allow us to bridge the dimensions at a time when it was most needed, as our dimension, yea, even the Magic Dimension, had become polluted by—”
“Okay, this isn’t gonna work,” said Frotwoot, shifting himself up into a sitting position and rubbing his eyes. “I can barely understand you.”
“Truly? But I am speaking thine own language, yea, even without flaw!”
“Dude, you’re talking like a Bible.”
“No, I am speaking with much eloquence. For behold, when I didst probe thy mind for the first time ten years ago, yea, even when thou wert in the grasp of my fellow Magi, I didst take all the words that thou had ever seen or heard and did create with them a translation enchantment so that I (and, incidentally, Maeve) might communicate with thee better. I did so again today, and did take upon myself, yea, I did even insert into said enchantment’s dialect priority filter, the finest and most lofty language that thou hast ever encountered, as I had assumed that since we’d met last that thou didst mature into such language, and I merely wanted to speak to thee on thy new level.”
It took Frotwoot a second and a lot of puzzled lip-moving to get the gist of what he’d just heard, at which point he said, “Okay, that’s… an honest mistake, I guess. But could you, like, make a new, um… ‘dialect filter’?”
“I say thee nay! Why should I abase myself below that of which thou art capable? It is thee, Frotwoot, who shouldst exalt thyself!”
“… Okay, whatever. I don’t really need to hear your story, anyway. I just need to find Maeve, make sure she’s okay, and go home.”
“But—but wait!” said Finvarra Dryadia, AKA the tree. “Dost though not wish to better understand thyself?”
Frotwoot sighed. Of course he did. “Okay, but I’m not gonna sit here and listen to you say ‘yea, even’ a billion more times, especially now that I know you don’t have to.”
“Fair enough. But behold, I have just thought of another, much faster way by which to impart my relevant knowledge unto thee!”
“Yeah?”
“Indeed! I need only cause thee to remember that which I remember!”
“Um… what?”
“Behold! The magic of memory transference!” And then, before Frotwoot could even ask what that meant, he “remembered”: A place, a magical dimension, in which the air and the seas had become choked with pollution. A desperate plan to vent the pollution out. The creation of ring portals to carry out said plan. The accidental discovery of other dimensions. An expedition into the safest-looking of said dimensions, led by the brilliant young inventor known as Finvarra Dryadia (who apparently remembered himself quite fondly). An undeveloped island, an undeveloped world, and an undeveloped people.
Then, an assignment: Taking the helpless natives and turning them into a magical army for the Archmage. A crisis of conscience on the part of Finvarra. Two fateful decisions, first to create the army, and then to lead them in a fight for their own freedom. A great war. Countless deaths. A truce, ending with Finvarra Dryadia and those he had saved exiling themselves to Seelie, a third dimension that was conveniently uninhabited. Many years of happiness. A sudden illness. The invention of an ingenious spell that would let the savior and namesake of the Tuatha Dryadia (“People of the Dryad”, Finvarra hastily broke in to translate) live almost forever, but as a tree. The eleventh hour inclusion of an enchantment to turn his very blood into magical amber, so that the Tuatha would never be left without his help or influence—
“So it is your blood!” said Frotwoot, snapping out of the stream of memories abruptly and glaring at no one in particular because, obviously, no one in particular was there.
“… Yes. I only said that it wasn’t so that thou wouldst eat it, and for that deception my heart is truly heavy, and contrite. Now, if we can continue—”
“Dude, you made me eat your blood!” Frotwoot managed to get out before being thrust forcefully back into magically “remembering” things, picking up right where he’d left off: A faith and a temple spring up around the tree that was Finvarra Dryadia. Out of reverence, they begin to refer to him as “The Dryad” (because apparently this made sense to them). Out of fear, they bar all but a select few from his presence. Years of silence and loneliness go by. Then, sensed through a crown that bore his blood… a fascinating anomaly. A boy, faerie in body but mage in mind—
“Wait, what does that mean?” Frotwoot interrupted quite a bit more easily than before, possibly because “The Dryad” had been expecting it this time and/or wasn’t actively trying to suppress it.
“It is difficult to explain… for behold, while thy genetics must be fully faerie, the peoples of Earth being incapable of reproducing with the peoples of Magicka (the world from which I do hail), thy mind, yea, even the structure of thy brain, is that of a mage. Were it not so, we would not be able to communicate as we are now.”
“… Why’s my brain different from the rest of me?”
“I knowest not. Perhaps thou art an experiment of some sort, or a freak of nature.”
“Oh… great.”
“Well, those aren’t the only possibilities, of course,” said The Dryad, apparently having sensed his lack of enthusiasm. “They’re simply the most likely. Wouldst thou like to hear a more… inspiring theory?”
“Is it that I’m ‘The Chosen One’, or something?”
“Well… yes, but—”
“Let’s just keep going,” Frotwoot sighed, and then suddenly he “remembered”: RAGE. Rage at the broken truce, rage at what was being done to the Tuatha Dryadia in that dungeon. A yearning to free them. The eventual realization that this mysterious boy, this “Frotwoot”, was his opportunity to do just that. Waiting patiently for just the right moment. Giving the boy the magic words he needed and channeling his power through him when that moment finally arose. An unfortunate accident. A tragic mistake—
“Wait, wait, wait,” said Frotwoot, shaking his head violently to snap himself out of it. “Wait. Okay. So, you kind of rushed through that last part—”
The Dryad was silent for a moment, then let out a heavy sigh (who thinks a sigh, Frotwoot wondered) and said, “My sorrow, it… it knoweth no end, Frotwoot.”
“What’d you do?”
The Dryad thought another sigh. “Well… when the ring portal was damaged, and thou wert being teleported away, I didst to try to pull thee back towards Seelie, to stop thee from going to Earth, and in my stubbornness, yea, verily, in my stiff-necked pride and determination, I… I took something from thee.”
“… What?”
“Something… that I have since returned.”
“… What, you mean my wings?”
“Yes.”
“That was you?”
“I am afraid so.”
“So, what, you were just like… holding on to me, somehow and—”
“Magically.”
“—Yeah, whatever, and—and because, what, you didn’t let go, you—you tore my wings out?”
“… Basically, yes.”
“Oh,” said Frotwoot, suddenly feeling oddly relieved. It wasn’t the answer he’d been expecting, but it was an answer. “… Jerk.”
“Oh Frotwoot, would that I could apologize to thee until the end of thy days, but—”
“No, no, it’s okay. You were just trying to help.”
“Truly I was! And though thy memories have fled, thy subconscious doth seem to know what it was I had done unto thee—”
“Which is why that crown creeped me out so much!” said Frotwoot, enjoying that pleasant feeling one gets when all the pieces suddenly come together. “But, wait: What about my amnesia? Do you know what’s up with that, or—?”
“No.”
“No?”
“No. I have no idea.”
“But, I was thinking, like… it has to be magic, right? Because my mom says if it was anything psychological she would’ve figured it out by now.”
“Thy mother speaks wisdom, but I, unfortunately, have no further wisdom to impart.”
“… Oh. Okay,” sighed Frotwoot, the bright, airy feeling that the revelation about his wings had given him suddenly becoming overshadowed by the dark, heavy feeling this lack of revelation gave him. “So, um… is there anything else? Or am I all caught up?”
“Yea, there is more, but only a little. Perhaps I could just tell it to thee—?” 
“Would it be faster?”
“… No. Indeed, it would surely take more than twice the time, but—”
“Let’s just do it the faster way, then,” said Frotwoot, feeling kind of bad about it even as he did. Clearly The Dryad just wanted to talk to someone, what with the whole “years of silence and loneliness” thing he’d somewhat unnecessarily shared, but Frotwoot was pretty anxious to get home. 
“Very well,” sighed The Dryad, and then Frotwoot, for the final time, “remembered”: Maeve, lost on the streets of Chicago and pleading with the crown to speak to her. A kindly old woman. Checking in on Maeve periodically over the next decade to see how her search for her missing friend was going. An opportunity to help her at a point where she had all but given up. A quick online search, the resulting acquisition of a ring portal, and then, her determination renewed… Maeve tries spelling Frotwoot’s name a different way on something called “Google”. Instant success!
Frotwoot walks into her room a few nights later. Unbearable frustration as he refuses to touch the crown. Amazement as Frotwoot manages to activate the ring portal without help. A flash of light. Maeve emerges from beneath the ground. Several hours later, Frotwoot finally leaves the limbo state he’d been put into by a glitch in the obviously imperfect ring portal. Then—
“Yeah, okay,” Frotwoot interrupted. “I think I know this part.”
“Ah, yes, of course,” said The Dryad. “Dost thou have any questions?”
“Not really. I mean… that’s kind of weird that I could make the magic rock things work without you, so I was kind of wondering about that, but you don’t know why I could do that either, right?”
“Actually no, I do. All it takes is to touch the right stone in exactly the right way, and since thou hadst done it before it seemeth likely that it was but a simple matter of muscle memory in action. I was amazed, not confused.”
“Oh. Okay,” said Frotwoot, having realized about halfway through that explanation that he didn’t really care. “So… now what?”
“Now we find Maeve, of course!”
“Cool,” said Frotwoot, rising to his feet. “Can I ask you something else, though?”
“Of course! Have I prevented it thus far?”
“No, but—like, why’re you being so cool about helping Maeve and me? Is it just because you’re such a nice guy, or—?”
“Partially, yes. But I would be remiss if I did not also lay claim to my more selfish motives, yea, even that of being a tree and thus having nothing better to do.”
“Okay,” Frotwoot chuckled, shaking his head and crossing the roof in a couple of quick strides to try the door to the stairs. It was locked.
“Why dost thou not just fly down?”
“Why dost thou not just, um… ” said Frotwoot, losing a killer zinger amidst his difficulty in framing it around archaic language. “Shut up. Seriously, though, what should I do?”
“Well, there’s always magic… ”
Frotwoot’s eyes went wide, and he couldn’t help but start grinning like a little kid. The concept of being used as a conduit for magical powers was pretty weird, but it was also kind of awesome, and while of course he still had some reservations they certainly did not outweigh the awesome. “Okay, so… what do I do?”
“Merely place thy hand upon the handle and repeat after me:” And with that, The Dryad said a word to him that wasn’t made of sound or letters, but of emotions, and elements, and… power. Combined together, they made something that sounded like a word when you said it, as Frotwoot was saying it now, but you got the sense that it was just doing that so you wouldn’t go crazy.
“Whoa-ho-ho!” said Frotwoot, grinning and jumping back as a bubbling amber light flashed from his hand and instantly unlocked the door handle beneath it. “That was—! Wait,” Frotwoot frowned as he realized that, despite having just said it… he didn’t remember the magic word. Not even a little.
“Despair not, Frotwoot,” said The Dryad, either reading or his mind or just making an informed assumption; probably both, actually. “It takes years of preparation to remember The Words! Even I wasn’t able to until my hairs had begun to gray, which is why I had to rely on a spell book until then. I wonder where I didst leave that… ”
“Well, what the lame,” said Frotwoot, opening the door and starting down the stairs. 
“Er… indeed,”
“All right, so… where do we start looking?” said Frotwoot, idly checking his phone on the off-chance that he had some bars. He didn’t, of course, but you never knew. “I mean, Maeve said she was a princess or something, so is there, like, a castle around here, or—?”
“The castle of Fae is many leagues from this city,” said The Dryad. “And though there is another castle nearby it is exceedingly unlikely that she will find a home there.”
“What about an exceedingly likely place? Are there any of those?”
“Perhaps thou shouldst check the homeless shelters.”
“Wow. That’s a pretty big step down from ‘castle’, isn’t i—” he stopped short as he emerged onto the cobblestoned street at the bottom of the stairs, being far more interested in what he was seeing at the moment than in what he was saying. There were faeries, of course, and lots of them, but there were also… other kinds of people.
“There are six varieties of Tuatha Dryadia in Seelie,” The Dryad explained. “I was tasked with creating a magically-powered army, after all, and what army hath only infantry?”
“Dude, I’m gonna make myself throw you up if you don’t stop reading my mind,” said Frotwoot, earning himself a funny look from a passing faerie family.
“Forgive me, but you were slow to speech and I thought—” 
“It’s fine,” said Frotwoot, waving it away. “So, these other people, they’re… not fairies?”
“Faeries. And no, each variation is named for the first of their kind; yea, even for those six maids that I, The Dryad, did honor by taking to wife: Fae, Goblina, Trollana, Fen, Pookie, and… I want to say Sprittany, but I’m not sure.”
Frotwoot furrowed his brow in bemusement and sincerely wished that he could give The Dryad a funny look. “Okay… so, what are those ones?” he said, nodding to a nearby group of what looked like fellow teenagers (right down to the too-large t-shirts, poorly-positioned hats, and the fact that they were loitering in front of a store they probably had no intention of buying anything from) but with skin that looked a lot like unpolished gray marble, white flecks and all.
“Trolls.”
“Trolls?” said Frotwoot, looking at all of them in disbelief but, in particular, at the very attractive girl that was with them. “Aren’t trolls supposed to be ugly?”
One of the troll boys’ heads perked up. “What’d you say?” he asked Frotwoot, stepping forward.
“Oh… no, I didn’t mean—” Frotwoot began, but then thought better of it and simply ran.
“Perhaps thou shouldst keep thy voice down,” The Dryad recommended as Frotwoot darted and weaved through the crowd, the angry troll teenagers following closely behind him. “Also, avoid blatant racism in thy speech.”
“Right, thanks, good idea,” Frotwoot said breathlessly, stopping for a moment as he rounded a corner to look for some escape options. One presented itself in the form of a nearby alley with a dumpster in it, and so, with only the slightest bit of trepidation, he ducked into the former and jumped into the latter.
“Huh,” said Frotwoot, smirking at the backs of the trolls as they went running past his hiding place. “I can’t believe I just did a movie thing and it worked.”
“Well done,” said The Dryad.
“Thanks, I—” Frotwoot began, stopping short as he climbed out of the dumpster only to suddenly feel very, very weak. He tried to talk, but he couldn’t. He tried to stay standing, but he couldn’t seem to do that either. And then, when all else failed and he simply tried to stay conscious… everything slowly faded to black. 


6

Frotwoot’s eyes flicked back open as if all he’d done was blink, but since he now appeared to be standing in the middle of a crowded sidewalk (rather than, say, lying face down in the middle of an alley) he was pretty sure that a bit more had happened than that.
“Tree guy?” he said softly, looking all around himself in utterly disoriented confusion. It was dark out, but the streets were lit up by festive-looking lanterns, the bubbling amber glow they gave off betraying their now familiar power source. Everyone seemed to be celebrating something, what with all the singing, dancing, whooping and kissing that was going on, and for some reason each race of Tuatha Dryadia was wearing their own matching costumes. The faeries, for example, were wearing incredibly skimpy outfits made of leaves… and Frotwoot, it seemed, was no exception.
“Gah!” he gasped, his hands scrambling about in a futile attempt to cover everything up at once. There was a storefront with a big window nearby, so he quickly weaved his way through the various people that were blocking it to get a better look at himself in its reflection. Aside from his sneakers, all the clothes he’d had on before were gone, replaced by a pair of leafy shorts that were not unlike the ones he’d been wearing when he’d fallen to Earth all those years ago. His skin was covered (much to his horror) in some kind of body glitter, and (even more to his horror) there was quite a bit of smudged lipstick on the right side of his neck and face.
“TREE GUY!!!”
“Frotwoot?” The Dryad’s voice popped into his head, sounding genuinely surprised. “Art thou awake?”
“Dude, what is going on?” Frotwoot said quietly, grinning and waving at the small audience his outburst had created so they’d get uncomfortable and look away. “Where—where are my clothes?”
“Oh. Well, thou didst pass out, so… ”
Frotwoot waited for as long as he could bear, then, “So…?”
“So, for thine own safety… I didst mentally assume control of thy body.”
“… Wait, what?”
“Please… do not be wroth.”
“I’m not,” said Frotwoot, although since he wasn’t really sure what “wroth” meant he supposed he might’ve been. “I’m just—you can do that?”
“Yea, verily. It is a very advanced form of psionic magic, and is only possible when a mage’s mind (or, as in thy case, a reasonable facsimile of one) has fully retreated into its subconscious without erecting the proper defenses.” He paused for a moment, then: “Upon reflection, I have come to suspect that thy brain has been magically restructured for this very purpose, yea, even to accommodate the mind of any mage who did purchase thee as a ‘pet’; for behold, through thee one born without wings might know what it is to fly, and lo—”
“Why didn’t you just wake me up?”
“Oh, believest thou me, I tried. I find taking on the physical form of another to be thoroughly distasteful, but when the first hour had passed and you’d shown no sign of rousing… well, loath as I was to do it, it simply did not seem fit to leave thee lying there, so—”
“The first hour?” said Frotwoot as he began to wander aimlessly through the crowd, figuring he could get away with talking to himself as long as he kept moving. “How long was I out?”
“… Three days.”
“Three days?”
“Yes. It seemeth to me that thou wert suffering from dimensional displacement syndrome, or, to put it into parlance that thou might better understand, a sort of… magical jet lag.”
“Three days?”
“… Should we continue this discussion when thou art done making disbelieving exclamations?”
“Oh my gosh,” said Frotwoot, ignoring him as he stopped to look around wide-eyed at nothing and run a hand stressfully through his hair. “My parents must be freaking out right now!”
“Oh, of a surety. But what can be done?”
“I can go back to Chicago,” said Frotwoot, continuing forward and thinking rapidly. “I can just—I can just tell them I’m okay, and then I can come back, maybe with help, and then we can find Maeve and—”
“A good plan,” said The Dryad. “But, at the moment, quite impossible.”
“What? Why?”
“Because the base of my tree is even now surrounded by mine clerics and acolytes, and will be until the sun hath risen. For behold, it is Midsummer’s Eve, and while those you see around you doth celebrate, those who worship me are begging for my mercy and my forgiveness.”
“… Oh, okay,” said Frotwoot, wondering what the story was behind that but not nearly enough to ask. “I’ll just do it tomorrow, then.”
“Of course. But, until then, perhaps thou shouldst continue the search for Maeve; for behold, before thy conscious mind did reassert itself, I did suppose that a young girl such as she would likely be among the revelers on this most historic and controversial day, and was thus seeking her out amidst the crowd.”
Nope, thought Frotwoot, knowing a “hint, hint” when he heard it. I don’t care, and I’m not gonna ask. “Okay, so that explains why I’m out here, but it doesn’t explain why I’m practically naked.”
“Thou art clad in the traditional faerie garb, worn rarely and most especially on this politically-divisive night of celebration,” said The Dryad, clearly hoping that if he threw enough bait then Frotwoot would eventually bite. “Thy normal clothes, and yea, even all the belongings that did line thy pockets, are safely kept at the shop from which I did rent thy current attire.”
“Did the body glitter come with it?”
“… Yes.”
“What about the lipstick?”
“Ah, well… understand, Frotwoot, it has been many centuries since I was in the flesh, and—”
“Ugh,” said Frotwoot, shaking his head in disgust and holding up a hand to stop him. He wasn’t sure, of course, but he thought might actually be a little bit wroth now. “Dude, that’s—that’s so not cool.”
“Agreed, but if it doth offer any consolation she was quite comely, and her phone number is upon thy hand.”
Frotwoot furrowed his brow and glanced at the palm of his right hand to see what was indeed a phone number, written there in black ink. “You have phones here?”
“Of course.”
“But… there are people riding horses, and stuff.”
“Yes, for you see: I have taught my Tuatha to blend certain technologies with the magic of my ever-flowing amber, so that their comfort and convenience might be assured, but I have also withheld certain technologies, so that their safety might, too, be assured.”
“What, like cars?”
“Yes. ‘Cars’, as you call them, move too quickly to be safe.”
“Oh… okay,” Frotwoot shrugged, seeing the point even if he didn’t agree with the slight tyranny of it. “Well, thanks for the number, I guess. I’m probably not gonna use it, though.”
“Just as well. I don’t recall her name.”
“Nice,” said Frotwoot, rolling his eyes. Then, after a few moments of scanning the crowd for Maeve: “Hey, wait: How’d you rent a costume? I mean, I didn’t have any money, and even if I did it wasn’t fairy money.”
“Faerie. And it was simple: Thou hast an impressive musical talent and a vast repertoire of songs. I didst merely access both and sing for money on the street.”
“You went busking?” Frotwoot said enviously. “I always wanted to go busking… ”
“Well, now thou hast!”
“Yeah, but not really,” said Frotwoot, slowing up a bit to let a group of children go giggling past him. “So… is there any money left, or—?”
“Yes, and behold, it is in thy shoe,” said The Dryad. “Why?”
“I’m hungry,” said Frotwoot, pulling a thin wad of multi-colored bills from inside his sneaker and heading off in the direction of a faraway food cart. A small old man with chocolatey brown skin, enlarged canines, and a pair of somewhat disturbing all-black eyes (“He’s a brownie”, The Dryad explained before Frotwoot had really even had a chance to wonder. “Also known as a fenodoree, but only formally; informally they prefer brownie, for behold, that is what I didst call them whenever I forgot their true name, and they didst mistake it for a term of endearment”) stood behind it, bobbing his head a bit to the music and watching everyone else enjoy themselves with a slight smile.
“Hey,” said Frotwoot.
“Hello,” said the brownie, without looking at him. “What can I get you?”
Frotwoot wondered how he knew English, then when the Dryad started to explain (“Behold, through a rather complicated bit of magic that I didst set into motion for thy benefit, yea, even through the most complicated translation enchantment I have ever wrought, yea, that any mage has ever wrought, I, the great and powerful Dryad, have—”) he decided that “magic” was a good enough answer and cut him off by continuing his transaction. “I don’t know. What’s good?”
“Well, people say they like the phoenix wings, but I think my dragon burgers are better,” said the brownie. Then, with a wink, “Also, they cost more. So, yeah, you want a dragon burger.”
Frotwoot laughed politely. “Okay. Um,” he shuffled through the money in his hand uncertainly, wondering why there weren’t any numbers. “How much for the dragon burger?”
“Just three gems. Midsummer’s Eve special.”
“Three… gems?” said Frotwoot. “But I don’t have any—”
“Yes you do,” The Dryad said quickly. “The slips of paper that thou dost hold are made to represent actual physical gemstones that exist in a hidden treasury. Rubies are worth one gem, sapphires five, emeralds ten, and diamonds twenty.”
“… Okay,” said Frotwoot, counting out three slips of red paper and tentatively handing them to the brownie. The old man took them, and in return handed Frotwoot a thick, greasy-looking cheeseburger wrapped in paper.
“So, tree guy,” said Frotwoot, eyeing his purchase closely as he walked away. “Is this really dragon, or—?”
“Of course it is.”
“So dragons are real too?”
“Yea, verily. When I did begin my exile here in Seelie I came to find the beasts that dwelt here to be quite boring. Thus, using the very same genetic modification magic that I did use to create the Tuatha Dryadia, I did also create many fantastic beasts, among them: Dragons.”
“… Because you were bored.”
“Yes, that… that is why I do most things.”
Frotwoot smiled at him as best he could without him being there and took his first, hesitant bite out of the burger. It was, in his opinion, ridiculously delicious, so the remaining bites weren’t hesitant at all, and when he’d finished he actually dug the rest of the money back out to see if he had enough for another.
“Ahhh!” he cried out as something exploded above him, followed by several more explosions that made him feel silly when he looked up to see that they were fireworks. Everyone stopped partying immediately and started cheering, then, sweeping Frotwoot up in the tide, they began to push their way to edges of the barricades that lined the street. “What’s happening?” he muttered to the Dryad, but was instead answered by a nearby little girl with blue skin and an impractical outfit made of seashells and seaweed. “The Rade’s starting!” she told him.
“What’s ‘the Rade’?” asked Frotwoot, noticing as the girl jumped up and down and covered her mouth in excitement that her fingers were webbed; a quick glance around at the other blue-skinned women showed that it was either a common trait or he was surrounded by mutants.
“Are you kidding me?” the girl said, giving him a look to match. “Everyone knows what the Rade is!”
“Oh, right,” laughed Frotwoot, giving her a little nod and edging away so he could talk to The Dryad without her thinking he was talking to her. “So…? Tree guy?”
“That was a sprite,” said The Dryad, sounding distracted. “They can breathe underwater and possess a sort of… sonic scream. My intent was to use them primarily for sea battles, and—”
“No, I meant—I was wondering more about this ‘Rade’ thing.”
“Oh, has that started already?”
“I… guess. Were you not paying attention, or—?”
“Ah… no, I was not. The bulk of my consciousness was focused elsewhere, yea, even on the off-pitch but exceedingly adorable singing of my acolyte’s children. But now, once again, it is upon thee.”
“Okay, so… what’s ‘the Rade’?”
“The Rade is the centerpiece of this celebration,” said The Dryad. “It is the time when the newly-elected leaders of The Seelie Court, or ‘Elves’, as they’re called, are first revealed unto the citizenry. They ride in procession down the streets of this their capital city, yea, even Tirnanogue, and are cheered by all.”
“Cool,” said Frotwoot, leaning as far as he could over the barricade to see if anyone was coming down the street yet. “Is it gonna be a while before they get here, or—?”
“No, in fact it shall be quite soon. For behold, I was on my way to the traditional starting point of the Rade when thou didst awake, and thou hast only brought us closer in times since.”
“Is that them?” asked Frotwoot, but his voice was immediately drowned out and his question answered by the sudden eruption of the crowd. Turning the corner up ahead (and clearly struggling not to grin too much at all the noise she’d just caused) was a young, slightly chubby faerie woman on what appeared to be a brown and white unicorn, followed closely by various other men and women on various other steeds and mounts of their own.
“It’s Mab!” Frotwoot heard several people call back down the row of crowded onlookers, some of them sounding glad and some sounding outraged. “The new queen is Mab!” There were scattered “boos” amidst the crowd, but mostly cheers, so either this “Queen Mab” was generally well-liked or most of the people present were just in a good mood.
“It is the former option,” The Dryad informed him, once again responding to thoughts that he really shouldn’t have been listening to in the first place. “Mabbilene Ellyllon is considered something of a hero among the Tuatha Dryadia, and rightfully so. She did many great and selfless deeds as a knight, and thus it is likely that even those who are jeering her for her politics do, in fact, on some level respect her. After all, even I, whose perfect order of rulership was overridden by the very system that hath today exalted her, yea, even that system whose founding those around us do even now celebrate,” if the Dryad had eyebrows they’d surely be waggling, “Yes, even I am something of an admirer.”
“… You really wanna tell me what today’s all about, don’t you?”
“Yes! Very much so! May I?”
“Okay, go ahead,” laughed Frotwoot, settling in to listen as The Dryad rather exuberantly began to tell the story behind Midsummer’s Eve. But then, almost immediately, Frotwoot found himself distracted. A dark, heavy feeling had suddenly come over him, a feeling that something very bad was about to happen. And, with that feeling… came a hunch; a strange, inexplicable hunch to look upwards, where no one else was looking—
“Oh my gosh,” breathed Frotwoot, his heart sinking into his stomach as he saw a man lean out of a window on the middle floor of a nearby hotel, pulling back the drawstring on what appeared to be a bow and taking careful aim at the queen with what really appeared to be an arrow as she marched obliviously forward. “Hey!” Frotwoot called out, jumping frantically up and down to get the queen’s attention… in a crowd full of people who were doing exactly the same thing. “HEY!!!” he tried more urgently and more loudly, but apparently not enough of either to rise above being just another voice in the crowd.
It seemed hopeless. He couldn’t warn her, and by the time he got someone else in the crowd to notice what he’d noticed it would almost definitely be too late for them to do anything about it. He had to do something, though. and he had to do it now, but… what?
“Frotwoot?” said The Dryad, apparently having just noticed that he wasn’t being listened to. “Wait, what—what are you doing?!?!”
Frotwoot didn’t answer him. He’d just launched himself up and over the nearest barricade in a desperate attempt to push the queen out of the way, so focusing on that sort of seemed like it should take priority right now. About halfway through said launch he realized that he hadn’t been close enough to reach her with just a jump, so, having no choice, he let his wings carry him the rest of the way forward. Unfortunately, though, he still pretty much sucked at flying, so they also carried him slightly to the right… and directly into the path of the arrow. 


7

“AAAGH!!!” Frotwoot cried out, clutching instinctively at the arrow that had pierced his side as he went spinning out of the air and bouncing across the street. He finally came to a stop just in front of the procession, and everyone who could see him (or, more specifically, everyone who could see that he’d been shot) seemed to gasp all at once. Those who couldn’t see him were quickly informed of what they were missing, and a general panic quickly spread throughout the crowd.
“Faeries!” said Queen Mab, pointing in the assassin’s general direction. At her command, every single faerie in the Rade flew off after him. Then, to everyone that was left, she indicated the screaming, terrified crowd with a few waves of her hand. They seemed to know what she meant by that, and as they split off obediently in all directions Mab finally turned to Frotwoot. “Oh no,” she said softly, hopping off her unicorn and rushing to kneel at his side. “Oh no, no, no. Not for me, don’t—” She shook her head helplessly as she cradled his neck with one hand and gingerly checked his wound with the other. “Don’t die for me.”
“Okay,” Frotwoot meant to say brightly, with a bit of a winning smile, but only actually managed to let out a horrible gasp of pain. “Ow,” he elaborated.
Mab turned away for a moment, clearly stopping herself from crying, and when she turned back it was with what possibly the sweetest smile Frotwoot had ever seen. “It’s okay. You’re gonna be okay. What’s your name?”
“F-Frotwoot.”
“Hello Frotwoot,” said Mab, somehow turning up the sweetness dial on that smile. “What’s your last name?”
“… Crossley.”
Mab furrowed her brow. “ ‘Crossley’?”
“Yeah.”
“… Are you sure?”
Frotwoot laughed, causing himself quite a bit of bonus pain in the process. Mab shrugged and shook her head. “Okay, well… let me thank you, Frotwoot.”
Frotwoot furrowed his brow at her as she rose to her feet and, with the smooth kind of motion one only gets through repetition, drew a sword that he hadn’t even noticed she had. “No, wait,” Frotwoot said weakly, thinking a mercy killing was probably a bit rash. But she ignored him, and the sword came down… to rest lightly on his shoulder.
“Frotwoot Crossley,” said Mab, sounding distinctly choked up. “You have been found worthy of knighthood in the Seelie Court. Therefore, as its queen, I dub thee,” the sword tapped his shoulder, and then the other one, “Sir Frotwoot.”
“Mab!” a new, gruff-sounding male voice called out from nearby. “Mab, what the—what the fie are you doing?!?! You need to get back to the castle!”
Mab sighed, crouched down to kiss Frotwoot on the forehead, then turned to speak to whoever was yelling at her. As she did, The Dryad suddenly came back into the picture: “Frotwoot! What hast thou done?”
“I got shot,” said Frotwoot. “And I think I just got knighted.”
“Look upon thy wound, so that I may see if it is severe.” Frotwoot complied, and The Dryad almost immediately made a not very encouraging noise. “Oh, Frotwoot… what hast thou done?”
“Oops,” said Frotwoot, realizing dimly that he should probably be at least as concerned about this as The Dryad was. It seemed that shock, his oldest friend, was doing its job and keeping him mellow. Case in point: He was grinning deliriously right now at the concept of “shock” as his “oldest friend”. He was imagining this whole production where he and a person with a shirt marked “SHOCK!” were engaging in a friendship-based montage to the tune of Harry Nilsson’s “Best Friend”. That’s how deeply in shock he was, and yet he was aware of it. It was like lucid dreaming but with a nagging pain in the abdomen… 
“Frotwoot, cease thine insanity for a moment and listen,” said The Dryad. “I have a spell that will heal thee, but unfortunately I cannot allow you to speak it in its entirety. For behold, thy grievous wound has already been seen, and verily, it would appear most curious if it should simply disappear.”
“Why? I’ll just tell them I do magic. They know about magic, right?”
“… Yes, but only in a certain context. They believe it is a natural element that they have harnessed, but they do not believe in the casting of magic.”
“… Huh?” 
“I hath not existed in mine mortal form for many centuries, Frotwoot. My story, which I have shared with thee, and yea, even the existence of Earth, is considered by many to be a myth, created by primitive ancestors to explain the existence of the tree that is me (yes, that rhymed; cease thy giggling). There are yet a few faithful, of course, namely those of the Dryadic Church, but even the faithful are sometimes wary of miracles. Wouldst thou not agree?”
“… You know I’m dying right now, right?”
“Ah, yes… of course. Perhaps we can continue this discussion at a more opportune time, yea, even when the threat to thy life has ended. But for now, merely repeat this partial spell after me, and behold, thou shalt be saved:” The Dryad gave him what actually did sound like half a word, Frotwoot repeated it, and a flash of bubbling amber light later he was suddenly injured enough to hurt but not injured enough to die… or, apparently, to be numb to it.
“Okay,” gasped Frotwoot, cringing in pain. “Can I have the rest of that spell now?”
“No, Frotwoot, I am afraid that thou must endure thine afflictions for a bit longer.”
“Can I just do the partial one one more time?”
“No, I don’t think—”
“Oh, come on, guy!”
The Dryad sighed. “Very well,” he said, giving Frotwoot the partial healing spell again. He was still pretty messed up afterwards, of course, but it didn’t hurt to breathe anymore so that was good. It also freed him up to focus on what was going on around him, such as the somewhat heated discussion that Queen Mab seemed to be having 
with… that one guy.
Rolling over a bit to get a better description than “that one guy”, the first thing Frotwoot noticed was that he was green (“Goblin,” The Dryad supplied, adding, “And no, they are not ‘supposed to be ugly’, so do not ask”) and the second thing he noticed was that he was wearing nothing but a ragged brown loincloth. He’d seen a lot of green people (goblins, apparently) sporting the same outfit today (the women, of course, having added an anachronistic-looking top to the ensemble), but until now he’d been very successful at not looking too closely at any of them. Shivering slightly, he shot his eyes up to the face, whose features could best be described as “chiseled” but in a less flattering and more literal sense. There was no hair on his head except for his eyebrows and a bushy gray goatee, and slung over his left eye was a thick brown patch. At the moment, his remaining (and very pale blue) eye was focused on Mab, with whom he currently seemed to be at his wit’s end.
“—When someone tries to kill you, you leave,” said the goblin, sounding both incredulous and frustrated at the same time. “That ain’t just the protocol, Mab that’s common sense.”
“I don’t care,” said Mab. “This boy took an arrow for me, Rocky. I’m not going to let him die out here alone.”
“So, what, you’d rather let him die for nothin’?”
“No, but—” Mab sighed helplessly and shook her head. “… All right. Just—just let me say good-bye.”
“Sure, kiddo,” said Rocky (?) with obvious relief, putting a hand on the hilt of his sheathed sword. “I’ll watch your back.”
Mab turned back to Frotwoot and looked down at him somberly. Then, her expression changed to confusion and almost immediately disbelief when she looked down at where he’d been shot. She fell to her knees and gently pushed his hand out of the way to look more closely at it, and for a moment or two Frotwoot was sorely tempted to yell “Surprise!” right in her face. Somehow, he resisted.
“How is this possible?” Mab seemed to ask the wound, the corner of her mouth curling up in a crooked, incredulous smile. “I mean, It’s not even bleeding anymore. It’s—” She laughed, her smile evening out quite nicely as she turned to look at Frotwoot. “It’s a miracle!”
“Uh-oh,” said The Dryad.
“Mab, you almost done?” said Rocky.
“Rocky… we’re taking him with us!”
“What? But you said—”
“I know, but I was wrong, I—I guess I just thought it looked worse than it was!”
“Whew,” said the Dryad.
“Okay, fine, just pick him up already and let’s go!”
Mab looked thankfully up at the heavens for a moment, laughing in delight, then back at Frotwoot with a big silly grin on her face.
“Hi,” he said, smiling weakly.
“Hi,” Mab said softly. “Looks like you’re gonna make it.”
“… Yay.”
“Mab, come on!!!” Rocky snapped.
Mab rolled her eyes in his general direction then looked back to Frotwoot. “Do you mind if I carry you?”
“Uh… no,” lied Frotwoot, because he knew he didn’t have a choice and telling her he did mind would just make things unnecessarily weird.
“Okay,” said Mab, sliding her arms under his body and letting her wings pick up his weight as they fluttered her up into the air. They didn’t go very high, just high enough that they were off the ground, in fact, and so Rocky was able to run alongside them through the sea of abandoned horses (and… horse-like things, Frotwoot noticed) all the way to the castle, which turned out to be just a few blocks away. The goblin banged on the big wooden front doors, and almost immediately the three of them were ushered inside. Mab ordered the first person she saw to send for a physician, and after flying up some stairs she laid Frotwoot on the largest, most pillowy bed he’d ever been on. 
“I haven’t even used it yet,” she told him, giving him one more dose of her impossibly sweet smile before allowing herself to be dragged by Rocky into the next room. There was a big table covered with maps and paperwork in the middle of it, and several large bookcases lined the walls. Frotwoot wasn’t sure, but he was pretty sure it was what people might call a “briefing room”. Or maybe it was a “war room”…?
Whatever it was, he was pretty sure it was supposed to be private, which is why the fact that they’d neglected to close the door all the way, effectively enabling him to hear every word they said, made him somewhat uneasy. Should he not listen? Should he just get up and close it for them, or—?
“You knighted him?” he heard Rocky say incredulously. “What’d you do that for?”
“He was a hero,” said Mab. “I thought his family deserved a hero’s pension.”
“Yeah, but he didn’t die, so now what?”
“I don’t know… has this ever happened before?”
“Not in my lifetime.” Rocky sighed heavily, the sound of a chair scraping across the hardwood floor making it clear that he’d just sat down. “Well, whatever. We can deal with that later. What about this archer, huh? Who do you think sent ‘im?”
“Um… shouldn’t the other captains be here for this?”
“Nah, not until I’m sure they ain’t the ones that tried to kill you.”
“How do I know it wasn’t you?” said Mab, an obvious overtone of teasing in her voice.
“Because we’re pals, remember?” Rocky chuckled. “Anyway, you know the Order of the Snowflake wasn’t exactly pushin’ for ya’ in the election, what with how you trounced their guy in the debates and all.”
“Yeah, but they wouldn’t try to kill me for it… ” she said, trailing off as she turned to look at the door, having finally seemed to notice that it was open. “Hey,” she said to Frotwoot, poking her face into the bedroom with a concerned smile. “Are you doing okay?”
“Uh… yeah.”
“Good,” she said, glancing impatiently across the room at the door to the hallway and muttering to herself, “Where’s that doctor anyway?” Then, flashing Frotwoot another smile, she retreated back into the other room and quite firmly shut the door behind her.
“All right,” said Frotwoot, swinging his legs off the bed and getting ready to stand up. “Tree guy, can you give me the full healing thingie now, so I can get out of here?”
“Of course,” said The Dryad, and sure enough, once Frotwoot had repeated the word he was given, the arrow popped right out of his side and didn’t even leave him a scar to show for it. “Good. Now flee this place, lest thou art discovered and thought to be a fraud.”
Frotwoot got up and started for the door, but before he could even get halfway there someone suddenly burst through it. “Where’s Mab?” the sudden burster demanded, but they didn’t wait for Frotwoot to answer before continuing their sudden bursting routine through the briefing and/or war room door.
“Oh, hey!” Rocky greeted the newcomer, a lean, devastatingly handsome male faerie who (unlike every other faerie Frotwoot had seen today) wasn’t wearing leaves or body glitter. Instead, he wore a dark green t-shirt with thick black stripes that ran vertically up the sides, a pair of loose, dark blue jeans, and some non-descript skater shoes that looked like they would’ve fit right in on Earth if not for the weird runes on the sides. He was also wearing glasses, and dyed into the front of his short, strategically messy black hair was a splash of ruby red.
He barely even glanced at the goblin, zeroing right in on Mab instead. He looked incredibly relieved, but for some reason she looked mildly uncomfortable, a look that only intensified as he darted forward to embrace her. She tolerated it for about a second, then gently but firmly pushed him away. 
After a too-long moment of awkward silence, the jilted faerie guy stuck his hands in his pockets and said to the nearest wall, “They said you were dead,”
“Well, obviously they were mistaken,” said Mab, which seemed to remind her of Frotwoot because she immediately turned to look at him. Thinking fast, he took the arrow in his hand and held it over its previous entry point as if it were still in there. “They wouldn’t have been, though,” the queen went on, smiling at Frotwoot and motioning for him to join them. “If my hero here hadn’t flown out in front of me.”
The faerie guy looked at Frotwoot with a raised eyebrow as he came to stand in the doorframe, then down at the arrow in his hand. “Was that there before?” he asked.
“What do you mean?” said Mab as a sudden chill of panic washed over Frotwoot.
The faerie guy narrowed his eyes at Frotwoot for a moment, then shook his head and shrugged. “Nothing. What’s your name, hero?”
“Uh… Frotwoot,” said take-a-wild-guess, feeling a wave of relief at not being caught but, at the same time, the lingering uneasiness that comes with not knowing when the proverbial “other shoe” was going to drop.
“Pixley Widgeon,” said Pixley Widgeon, stepping forward to shake his hand. Frotwoot shook back, the congratulatory nature of the gesture making him feel all warm and fuzzy inside… and then Pixley dispelled that feeling almost immediately by wiping the hand he’d shaken with on his jeans.
“Oh, Pix,” sighed Mab, while Rocky, covering half his face with one hand, blew out a raspberry of ill-contained laughter.
“What?” said Pixley, looking back at them with a sort of annoyed confusion. “There’s blood on it.”
“Pix’s got a point,” said Rocky, grinning at Mab and shrugging. “Kid should feel honored he was even willin’ to touch him. I mean, I’ve known the guy for eight years or somethin’ and he ain’t never touched me.”
“I don’t like to touch people,” Pixley explained to Frotwoot, not a hint of apology in his voice. Then, looking down at the arrow again, he furrowed his brow at it and said, “Did anyone else notice this?”
Frotwoot quickly tried to decide if he should escape through the door or through the window, but before he could make up his mind Pixley reached down and started to peel something off the arrow. It was a thin, blood-caked roll of parchment, and as Pixley unrolled it in front of him Frotwoot could see writing, but he couldn’t see what it said before Pixley spun around to lay it flat on the table. Rocky and Mab moved closer to get a better look at it themselves, and once they’d all read it the three of them exchanged some very grave looks.
“What’s it say?” Frotwoot asked, taking a step forward. Pixley started to answer him, reading it aloud as far as “ ‘This has been a message from the Unseelie Co—’ ”, but Rocky cut him off with a look and “finished” for him: “Nothin’ you need to know about.”
“Oh,” said Frotwoot. “Okay. I’ll just, um… I’ll just go lie back down, then, if that’s okay.”
“Yeah, you probably should,” Mab said kindly.
Frotwoot backed away, carefully closing the door behind him, and then, as he turned to make his escape, an old faerie man with a long white coat and a small leather bag came into the bedroom. “Ah,” he said, looking at the arrow that Frotwoot was (luckily) still holding over his abdomen. “You must be the one they needed me for.”
“What do I do?” Frotwoot muttered through his teeth, hoping that The Dryad was still paying attention to him.
After what felt like an eternity (but was in fact only as long as it took for the doctor to smile and indicate that Frotwoot should get on the bed), The Dryad sighed and said quite solemnly, “What thou must.”
“What? What do you—?” Frotwoot began, but then he realized what he meant, and then, even though it made his stomach sink as if there were a weight attached to it, he also realized that he was right. So, dragging it out for as long as he could, he made his way to the bed, sat down on its edge, and, using the necessary motion of flinging his legs up onto the mattress as cover, he gritted his teeth and stabbed himself with the arrow.
* * *
Once Frotwoot had stopped screaming and thrashing around the doctor was able to patch him up fairly quickly. Unfortunately, though, whatever he’d used to numb the pain had left Frotwoot feeling pretty groggy, so, patched up or not, he was going to have to stick around for a little while longer. The doctor put the TV on for him (he hadn’t even noticed it off in the corner, there) and left, leaving him to watch an all-day marathon of some topical comedy whose jokes he didn’t understand. Even worse, it was in black and white. (“Thy world hast created color TVs?!?!” The Dryad responded to his inner complaint, astounded.)
Of course, under those circumstances it wasn’t long before Frotwoot drifted off, and while he occasionally stirred when people would come in and out of the war room (or whatever), he didn’t fully wake up again until he sensed someone standing by his bedside.
Pixley smirked at him bemusedly as he jolted awake in alarm, then went back to examining the arrow which the doctor had apparently left on the end table. “You sure you want me on this one, Rocky?”
“ ‘Course,” said Rocky, leaning in the doorframe of the ambiguous room, which now appeared to be empty. “You’re our best guy, and I’m pretty sure no one wants to find out who tried to kill Mab more than you do right now… ”
Pixley didn’t say anything for a moment. Then, as if he hadn’t heard him, “Were there any witnesses?”
“Nope. No one on the street even saw the guy. He just shot the arrow and ran.”
“I saw him,” said Frotwoot, making both of them look at him as if they were surprised he could talk.
“What’d he look like?” said Pixley, turning his attention back to the arrow.
“Oh, well… he um—” Frotwoot hesitated, not sure how to proceed. He’d seen a man with jet-black skin and a pair of short brown devil-horns, but he didn’t want to sound weird by describing that when, as far as they knew, he should just as easily be able to sum that up by stating their race—
“Phooka,” The Dryad helpfully supplied. “They also hath glowing yellow irises in their eyes… but behold, that is not relevant, it is simply for thine own enlightenment.”
“He was a phooka,” said Frotwoot, thinking his gratitude at The Dryad because he really needed to stop going around talking to himself; someone was bound to notice.
“Hair color?”
“I don’t know, it was buzzed really short… ”
“Anything else?”
“Um… no, not that I remember.”
“Great,” groaned Rocky. “That could be any of a hundred guys.”
“Wait,” said Pixley, carefully putting the arrow in his pocket and crouching down till he was roughly at eye-level with Frotwoot. “Do you think you’d know him if you saw him?”
“Yeah, definitely,” said Frotwoot far too quickly, not giving himself nearly enough time to think of the possible implications his answer might carry. “I mean, the dude kind of looked like Jason Statham, so—”
“Who?”
Oh yeah, thought Frotwoot. Different world. “Uh… just some guy I know.”
Pixley smirked, looked at Rocky, then back at Frotwoot. “You wanna be a hero twice in one day, kid?” he asked.
“… What do you mean?”
“I think I know where to look, but I don’t know who I’m looking for. So I was thinking I could take you along and you could point him out for me.”
“Uh… what?”
“Do you actually want me to repeat myself or is that just disbelief?”
“Pix is kind of bad at social cues,” Rocky said helpfully.
“No, it’s just—” Frotwoot shook his head. “I can’t—that sounds, like, really dangerous, and—”
“You won’t get hurt,” said Pixley, and something about the way he said it made Frotwoot absolutely, unequivocally believe it. “Not with me.”
“But I—I’m kind of in the middle of looking for this girl, and—”
“I’ll help you find her when we’re done. I’m good at finding people.”
“Man, I don’t know… ” said Frotwoot, at which point Rocky completely lost it.
“Okay,” the goblin snarled, folding his arms across his chest in an obvious show of intimidation. “How about this: You do what we say, or you spend the next couple years in the dungeon.”
“Rocky,” said Pixley, looking at him sharply. “Don’t.”
“Don’t what, Pix? The future of the Seelie Court’s at stake here! I’ll do whatever I gotta.” He glowered at Frotwoot. “You’re a knight now, remember? That means you got a duty to the Court, which means if you don’t live up to it I can charge you for dereliction. So here’s the deal: As captain to the Knightly Order of the Gecko, I’m hereby claimin’ you as an emergency recruit. Furthermore, I’m partnerin’ you up with Pix. All you gotta do is help him out this one time, and I’ll give you an honorable release. How’s that sound?” 
“… Awful?”
Rocky smirked. “Yeah, well, I could make it sound a whole lot worse, believe you me.”
“Rocky, come on—”
“Save it, Widgeon. Sooner you boys get this done, sooner this ‘hero’ can go back to partyin’.”
“But—!” said Frotwoot, certainly heard but completely unheeded as the goblin stormed out of the room.
Pixley sighed and shook his head. Then, after a moment’s reflection, “Okay. Let’s go.”
“What, really?”
“Yeah. I think he was serious. He only calls me ‘Widgeon’ when he’s serious.” 
Frotwoot wanted desperately to protest, but Pixley was already moving. By the time he caught up with him (having been slowed considerably by the pain in his side), Pixley was standing next to a pay phone just outside the castle doors, inexplicably squinting down at a phone book that was lying open on the sidewalk. As Frotwoot drew closer, Pixley turned the page with his foot, somehow managing to make things less and more inexplicable at the same time.
“What are you doing?”
“Do you know how many people have probably touched this thing?” said Pixley, who seemed to have been expecting this question.
“Um… well, yeah, but… at least they were touching it with their hands.”
“My shoes are probably cleaner than their hands.”
“… No they’re not.”
Pixley considered that for a moment, shrugged, then slid the book over with his shoe. “Here, I want you to call some of these numbers for me.”
“… Okay,” said Frotwoot, bending down to pick it up. The page it was opened to was covered in listings and pictures for apartment buildings. “But, um… why don’t you just call them?”
“I don’t do phones.”
“Seriously?”
“Yep,” he said, nodding expectantly to the phone.
“Okay, wait: I thought we were trying to track down the guy who shot me.”
“We are.”
“So… what does this have to do with that?”
“Let me show you,” said Pixley, pulling the blood-stained arrow out of his pocket and smiling politely at the various passersby who were alarmed by it. “See these feathers? This wood? This arrow was made in Fenodor. The fletchers there don’t export their stuff, which is too bad because it’s really good stuff. I think there’s some tax thing… I don’t know.” He twirled the arrow thoughtfully in his hands, then shook his head and went on. “Anyway, like I said, this arrow couldn’t have been exported, which means that the guy who shot you either bought it in Fenodor and smuggled it to Tirnanogue himself, or he bought it through the black market. Either way, we’re dealing with someone who cares enough about the quality of their weapons to risk breaking the law for them. Who does that rule out? Random wackos and local hitmen. Who does it leave?”
It took Frotwoot a second to realize that he was supposed to answer that, at which point he just held out his hands and shrugged.
“Professional assassins,” said Pixley, looking mildly disappointed. “Now, professional assassins have homes just like the rest of us, sure. But they generally don’t work anywhere near them, so… where they do stay when they are working? Not hotels. There’re too many employees to pay off at most of them, and too many opportunities to leave a paper trail at any of them. They can’t just go out and buy a house in every city, either, not even just the major ones. Someone would notice that. No, really, when you think about it, their only and best option is a safehouse. All they have to do is go to an apartment manager, bribe them with way more than the rent costs, and then, when they need it, they have a place to lay low before or after a job.”
“So, what,” said Frotwoot, who, much to his surprise, was pretty sure he knew what Pixley was getting at. “We’re just gonna call every apartment building in the city and ask if they have an assassin living there?”
“No, just the ones I know are sleazy enough to take the bribe,” said Pixley. “And yes, I want you to say almost exactly that, but also mention that he’s a phooka.”
“… Okay,” said Frotwoot, shaking his head in disbelief and picking the receiver up off the hook. “And this is serious,” he said to Pixley, by way of clarification. “This is actually what we’re gonna be doing right now.”
Pixley gave him a look that indicated quite strongly that, yes, this was serious, and so, with a heavy sigh, Frotwoot stuck his finger in the dial and started making a series of what felt like prank calls. Most of the people on the other end of the line reacted in much the same way, asking if this was a joke and then hanging up when they concluded that it probably was, but then one apartment manager reacted somewhat differently. First, he hesitated. It wasn’t for long, but it was long enough to seem odd. Then, instead of asking if this was a joke, he said “Of course not! What kind of an establishment do you think I’m running here?” before finally hanging up.
“That’s the place,” said Pixley, snapping his fingers and running off to grab a horse that had been tied up just a few feet away.
“This is yours, right?” Frotwoot asked as Pixley mounted what may or may not have been his steed.
“Yeah, get on,” said Pixley, helping him up. Then, just as Frotwoot was starting to get settled, “Whoa! What’re you doing, hero?!”
“What? I don’t—”
“Sit back-to-back!”
“Oh, right,” said Frotwoot, actually relieved at the request. Once he was seated properly, the two of them rode off through the crowded castle square, which he was in a much better state of mind to fully appreciate the beauty of now. It was essentially a big public street, square-shaped of course, lined with fancy-looking shops and restaurants and filled with various kinds of street performer. In the middle of it all was a big, beautiful reflecting pool, and Frotwoot couldn’t help but be somewhat awed by—
“What doest thou?”
Frotwoot sighed, and in his mind said, “Dude, I’ve heard you say ‘what are you doing’. You’re not impressing me anymore, you’re just annoying me.”
“… However thou dost choose to phrase it, my question doth stand.”
“I don’t know… I’m just helping this Pixley guy find this other guy real quick.”
“Why? Thy priority is finding Maeve, not aiding the knights of the Seelie Court!”
“Well, yeah, but I don’t really have a choice, so—”
“Yes thou dost. Am I not a treasury of magic words, and is not my power at thy constant disposal?”
“No, no, you am. You am and it is. But—”
“Merely repeat this word, and the knight Sir Pixley shall fall fast asleep. Then, thou canst make thy escape, and resume thy search for thy lost love.”
“… Okay, first of all, Maeve is not my ‘lost love’. She’s just a girl I wanna make sure is safe before I go home. Second of all, no. This dude’s pretty nice, even if his boss is kind of a jerk, and besides, he said if I help him he’ll help me find Maeve, so—”
“So thou hast chosen his help over mine.”
“What? No, I’m just—”
“Then say the magic word!”
“No!”
“… Very well. Then I shall have to take my leave.”
“ ‘Take your’—? What?! Wait!”
“Why, what is it?” said Pixley coming to an urgent stop and turning to look at him, because, apparently, he’d just said that last part out loud. He’d have to think fast… 
“Oh, um… check her out, huh?”
Pixley didn’t even look. He just shook his head and kept riding.
About fifteen minutes later (or at least what felt like fifteen minutes later; Frotwoot couldn’t be sure, of course, as his watch was apparently at a costume shop somewhere) they came to a stop outside a run-down apartment building and tied the horse up outside.
“Okay, so what’s the plan?” asked Frotwoot as they climbed the stairs up to the entrance. “I mean, like, what do we do if we find him?”
Pixley didn’t answer him at first, taking a moment to look at the buzzers for each apartment until he seemed to find the one he was looking for (it was blank) and tapped it with a triumphant little smirk. Then, turning to Frotwoot as if there hadn’t been any delay he said, “I take him down, you stay out of the way.”
“What? But—but don’t you, like, need a weapon for that plan, or something?”
“Yeah, but I left my sword at home,” Pixley shrugged. “Don’t worry, I’ll figure something out.” And then, with one powerful kick, he shattered the pane of glass that was set in the middle of the door and slid casually through it.
“You know, I think he might’ve heard that,” muttered Frotwoot as he followed Pixley through the halls and past all the people who kept poking their heads out to stare at them.
“Okay, hero, here it is,” said Pixley, stopping in front of a door with no nameplate on it. First he gently tried the doorknob, and then, when it turned out to be locked, he simply shrugged and kicked it in.
“What—?” cried the phooka inside, jumping up from his couch and what looked like had been a pleasant “night in” with a book of crossword puzzles and a big box of take-out. Frotwoot almost felt bad for him, but then the chronic pain in his side quickly reminded him not to.
“That’s him,” he started to say, but stopped when the phooka made that fact evident on his own by vaulting through an open window. Pixley immediately gave chase, and for some reason… Frotwoot did too.
The window led out to a long, narrow alley that led nowhere in one direction and turned a corner in the other. The phooka ran for the corner, of course, moving at an alarming speed, and the faeries followed. As they turned the corner Frotwoot fully expected to see the phooka disappearing out into the busy street, if at all, but instead he found him swearing in flustered disbelief at a very high, very locked gate. Whirling around to see his pursuers, the phooka seemed to consider fighting them for a moment before thinking better of it and jumping through the nearest window instead.
A woman screamed from inside, and there was a lot of crashing and clanging as Frotwoot and Pixley approached the broken glass. Knocking the rest of it out of the frame, Pixley jumped through to elicit another womanly scream, while Frotwoot’s entrance simply got him a gasp of furious exasperation. “Sorry,” he said with a smile, dodging the box of cereal she threw at him and taking off through her apartment to burst through its wide-open front door. Pixley had stopped in the hallway, and seemed to be considering something. Then, quite abruptly, he started sprinting up the stairs.
“Where are you going?” Frotwoot asked breathlessly, and Pixley looked back at him in wide-eyed surprise, as if he hadn’t been aware that the younger faerie had been following him this whole time. “He’s gonna get away!”
“No, he’s not,” Pixley called back as he got to the top of the first flight of stairs and started on the next. “He thinks he is, though, because he thinks that we think he’s gonna try to get outside, which is why he’s not.”
“… Huh?”
“Just trust me on this,” said Pixley, looking around urgently as they reached the top floor. All of the doors were closed, but only the one near the corner window had cracks in the paint around its slightly askew doorknob, a small but telling detail that Frotwoot probably wouldn’t have noticed if Pixley hadn’t just snapped his fingers and pointed at it. “See?”
“But… why?” said Frotwoot, watching Pixley as he moved cautiously forward to put his ear to the door.
“Because he thinks he’s smart,” said Pixley. “And he thinks if he waits in there long enough that he’ll be able to walk out of here instead of run.” He stepped back from the door and stared at it thoughtfully for a moment. Then, “Okay, hero, I’m gonna need you to open this door.”
“… What?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be right back,” said Pixley, opening the corner window and sliding halfway out of it. “Just keep him distracted for a minute, and don’t let him kill the hostage.”
“Wait, what?!?!” said Frotwoot, but Pixley was already gone, his wings fluttering out as he dropped from the windowsill to the street below. Frotwoot groaned in frustration, then, after hesitating quite a bit longer than he was proud of, he stepped forward, twisted the doorknob as much it would twist… and slowly eased the door open.
“Mmph!” whimpered the faerie girl who was standing in the middle of the living room, her voice muffled by the hand that the phooka wasn’t using to hold a dagger to her throat.
“… Hi,” said Frotwoot.
“Turn around and leave,” said the phooka, the girl’s tear-filled eyes pleading with Frotwoot to do no such thing.
“Wait, I—I just wanna talk,” said Frotwoot, drawing on his years of experience watching police negotiators on TV and movies.
“About what?”
“Um… I don’t know, do you, like, have any demands or anything?”
“Yes. Turn around, and leave. Those are my demands.”
“Okay, that’s cool, but… are you sure you don’t want some money, or a helicopter out of here, or—?”
“What’s a helicopter?”
“Oh yeah,” sighed Frotwoot. “Just money, then. You want some money?”
“… No. I want you to turn around, and I want you to leave.”
“I can’t do that, though. I mean, you’ve got this girl here, and you’re clearly a bad guy, so—”
“She won’t be hurt if you do what I say.”
“Promise?”
The phooka rolled his eyes. “… Sure.”
“Okay, but how good is the promise? I mean, did you ever… like, promise your mom you wouldn’t kill people for a living? Because, you know, if you did, then—”
“Leave, right now, or she dies.”
“Okay, okay,” said Frotwoot, deliberately keeping his outward manner casual even as his stomach tied itself up in knots of anxiety. Pixley had said to “keep him distracted”, but he’d also said not to let the hostage die. He wasn’t sure if he could do both at this point, but he knew he had to try, especially since they might not, in fact, have been mutually exclusive; after all, once Frotwoot left, what was to stop the phooka from killing the girl? “I’ll go, just… one more thing.”
“What?”
“… Can I use the bathroom?”
Both the phooka and the girl furrowed their brows at him in disbelief. “Excuse me?” said the former.
“I know it’s weird, what with this whole… situation and all, but I’ve really gotta go, so—” he stopped in the middle of his (admittedly desperate) stall tactic, and turned to look at a sudden movement he’d just caught out of the corner of his eye. Hovering outside, with an arrow notched and a bow drawn, was Pixley Widgeon. Then, before the assassin (who, along with the hostage, had followed Frotwoot’s gaze) could react with anything more than widened eyes, the arrow smashed through the window and flew straight into the side of his neck.
“Aaah!” the faerie girl cried out, running away from the phooka as—dropping his dagger and howling in pain—he fell sideways onto the floor. She continued to run right past Frotwoot, and by the time Pixley had slung the bow over his back and climbed into the apartment she’d already disappeared down the stairs.
“Good work,” said Pixley, presumably to Frotwoot even though he was looking at and rapidly striding towards the phooka.
“Good shot!” said Frotwoot, grinning at him with a sort of impressed disbelief. “Where’d you get the bow?”
“There’s a store across the street,” said Pixley, flicking his head in what was apparently its general direction. Then, before Frotwoot could make a joke about how he’d just spent the last couple of minutes distracting a deadly assassin so Pixley could go shopping, the older faerie gripped the arrow in the phooka’s neck and twisted it.
“AARGH!!!”
“Feel that arrow?” said Pixley, his face blank but his eyes burning. “That’s the arrow you tried to shoot the queen with. The only reason it’s not in your skull is because you missed. Understand?”
“Oookay,” said Frotwoot, feeling a little sick and, frankly, a little scared. “Why don’t we, um—why don’t we just stop that, now?”
Pixley didn’t acknowledge him, and he didn’t stop, either, at least not at first. Then, with a heavy sigh that came so suddenly it made Frotwoot jump, he let go of the arrow and got to his feet. “Find a phone.”


8

“Hey there,” said Rocky, stepping into the interrogation room just seconds after the doctor had finished bandaging the phooka’s neck. Frotwoot leaned forward in his seat on the other side of the obligatory two-way mirror, and Pixley (who was leaning up against it with a mug of hot cocoa) lazily turned his head to get a better look. “What’s your name? I’m Golroc; Golroc Rustigark.”
The phooka just stared straight ahead.
“Oh, it’s like that, huh?” said Rocky, chuckling. “Good. I like it like that.” Then, with a sinister-looking smirk, he opened the door, picked something up from just outside it, then plopped it down on the table in the center of the room. As far as Frotwoot could tell, it was just an old leather satchel; the phooka, on the other hand, looked slightly alarmed by it.
“Found this under a ‘secret’ panel in your ‘safehouse’,” said Rocky, sitting in the chair across from him and digging into the bag’s contents. “Only took me a couple of minutes. You don’t mind if I look through it, do ya’?”
The phooka clearly did mind, but apparently not enough to break his strategic little vow of silence.
“Great,” said Rocky, pulling out a thick, tattered-looking blue book and flipping it open. “What’s this, your diary?”
“Journal,” said the phooka, despite himself.
“Really? So why’s it keep sayin’ ‘Dear diary’ over and over again?”
The phooka gritted his teeth and went right back to saying nothing, at which point Rocky shrugged and started to read aloud from it.
“Oh man,” laughed Pixley, shaking his head and taking a sip of his cocoa. Then, after staring thoughtfully down into it for a moment, he said, “Hey, hero?”
“Yeah?” said Frotwoot, unable to tear his eyes away from the tortured expression on the phooka’s face as Rocky went over a particularly embarrassing entry that the would-be assassin had made about a girl who’d broken his heart in high school.
“You were really good out there today.”
“Oh, um… thanks.”
Pixley nodded at him, then went back to watching the interrogation. Rocky had set the diary aside for now and was “accidentally” pulling the arm off of what looked like a very old, very treasured stuffed animal The phooka was screaming in every way but the literal one.
“Not a lot of people would’ve followed me into that alley, you know,” said Pixley, turning back to his cocoa.
“Uh-huh,” said Frotwoot, laughing silently as Rocky, having detached all four of the defenseless toy’s fuzzy little limbs, went back to the diary to dissect a rather melodramatic poem he’d found called “Bloody Soul Tears”.
“You could’ve gotten killed.”
“Yeah… I know.”
“So why’d you do it?”
“I don’t know. Why’d you do it?”
“Because I’m a knight. It’s my job.”
“Well, I’m a knight too. So there you go.”
Pixley stared at him for a while, but not in a creepy way; it was more like a “trying to figure this guy out” way. Then, with a shrug, he once again turned back to the interrogation.
“Wait a minute,” said Rocky, eyes lighting up with glee as he reached the end of the poem. 
“ ‘Sung to the tune of’—Bloody Soul Tears is a song? Hold on,” Rocky raced out of the room, leaving the phooka to slam his head on the table a couple of times before bursting back in with one of the castle maids in tow. “Okay, so I don’t know the tune, but this little sweetheart here does. You mind if I let her sing this masterpiece of yours for us?”
The phooka didn’t answer, of course, so Rocky handed the diary to the maid and, after taking a moment to wrinkle her nose in disbelief at what she saw, she shook her head and began to sing.
“Okay, FINE!!!” said the phooka, waving for her to stop her before she could even finish laughing her way through the first verse. “I’ll talk, just—just please… stop.”
Rocky smiled a sly little smile and nodded for the maid to leave. Once she had, he put his feet up on the desk and said, “So… what’s your name?”
“Güdvello.”
Rocky rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I know. You phookas’re all Güdvellos, right? What’s your first name?”
The phooka hesitated, but only for as long as it took Rocky to shrug and reach for the diary. “Volk! My—my name’s Volk.”
“You from Tirnanogue, Volk?”
“No. I’m from Pook.”
“Wow. So, you came all the way here from Pook just to deliver this message?” said Rocky, casually pulling out the piece of parchment that had been rolled around the shaft of the now twice-used arrow.
“Where did he just pull that from?” Frotwoot muttered, staring in horror at Rocky’s celebratory loincloth because, aside from his eye-patch, that was literally all he was wearing. Pixley, looking equally horrified, just shook his head.
“No, I was here for… personal reasons,” Volk said guardedly. He clearly hadn’t forgotten what Rocky was capable of doing with any and all things “personal”. “I only accepted the assignment yesterday.”
“Yesterday?” Rocky laughed incredulously, letting his feet fall back onto the floor and leaning forward. “Geez… isn’t that kinda’ short notice for a regicide?”
“Yes,” Volk agreed. “But the client was desperate, and they were willing to pay in advance.”
“How much?”
“Well, it wasn’t with money, so—”
“Was it with this?” said Rocky, pulling something out of the satchel and tossing it to him.
It was Maeve’s crown.
“You know what that is?” said Rocky, glancing back in mild alarm as the two-way mirror shook in its frame. On the other side of it, Frotwoot had just pressed himself up against the glass, somehow having managed to lunge there from his chair without any kind of conscious effort at all.
“Of course I do,” sighed Volk, shaking his head and looking down wistfully at the green and amber circlet. “That’s why I took the assignment. It’s… priceless.”
“Who gave it to you?”
“… The client.”
Rocky narrowed his eyes at him. “You wanna be more specific…?”
“No.”
“Why? You afraid rattin’ this guy out’ll damage your career or somethin’?” said Rocky. Then, jumping quite suddenly to his feet, he slammed both hands on the table and leaned forward until he and the phooka were almost face-to-face. “Well, guess what, kid? Your career’s already over. You just tried to kill the queen of the Seelie Court; you think we’re just gonna let you go after that? Nah… you’ll be spendin’ the rest of your life in the dungeon, and that’s a fact.”
Volk looked shaken, but there was still a note of defiance in his voice as he said, “If that’s true—”
“It is.”
“—Then why should I help you?”
Rocky cocked his head at him for a moment, then chuckled and took a step back. “Oh, okay, I get it. You wanna negotiate, right? We can do that. But first, gimme what you got.”
“I don’t think that’s how it works.”
“You done this a lot before?”
“Well, no, but—”
“Me either. Maybe I should call Sir Pixley in here real quick so he can show us how he thinks a negotiation works.”
The phooka cringed reflexively on the bandaged side of his neck. “No, okay! 
Just… can you guarantee me a TV in my cell, at least?”
“Absolutely,” said Rocky, sitting back down with a smug sort of grin. “Every cell has a TV.”
“What, really? Then can I—?”
“We’ll see what I can give you after we’ve seen what you can give me.”
Volk shook his head and looked down at the table. Then, with the heaviest, most defeated sigh Frotwoot had ever heard, he said, “Her name was Maeve.”
Everyone jumped as Frotwoot hit the window with both hands, and then, before they could react any further, he bolted out of the room.
Once he was out of the castle he asked the first person he saw where the Dryadic temple was, and he didn’t stop running in the direction they’d pointed him in until he got there. After quite a bit of trial and error he eventually managed to fly up and land on the roof, at which point he fully intended to kick a hole in the great glass dome. But then he noticed that the hole he’d already made in it a few days ago had only been patched up with some cardboard and tape, so, in the interest of stealth, he decided to just go back through that one instead.
“Frotwoot?” said the Dryad, who probably couldn’t help but notice that someone had just dropped through the now-uncovered (and decidedly jagged) ceiling above him to land on one of his highest and most massive boughs.
“Hey, what’s up?” said Frotwoot, grunting distractedly as he quickly but carefully began to descend down the rows and rows of branches.
“What art thou doing here?”
“I’m going home.”
“Truly? Didst thou find Maeve?”
“No.”
“Then why—?”
“Just read my mind!!!”
“… Oh my.”
“I know, right?” Frotwoot said grimly, stopping his downward climb for a moment to pick some loose bark from his hands.
“But… why would she do such a thing?”
“I don’t know,” said Frotwoot, pressing on to the next branch. “I mean, I was thinking about it on the way here, and at first I thought it might have something to do with her being a princess; like, maybe she tried to kill the queen because she was ‘next in line’ or whatever…? But then I remembered that you said Mab was elected, so—” he shook his head. “You know what? I don’t care anymore. I just wanna go home.”
“The discrepancy that thou hast noted betwixt Maeve and Mab’s royal stations is actually one that I can explain. For behold, two hundred and fourteen years ago, on a Midsummer’s Eve such as this, there was a—”
“Don’t care.”
“But—”
“I. Don’t. Care.”
“… Very well,” the Dryad said stiffly. “I didst only seek to impart knowledge unto thee, yea, even knowledge that is most—Oh no!”
Just before those last two words, Frotwoot had breathed in sharply as he slipped and fell from an apparently not-close-enough branch. Now, just after those last two words, he was trying not to panic even as the instinctive urge to use his wings only seemed to be sending him flying toward the ground instead of falling toward it.
“Pull up! Pull up!” said the Dryad.
“Okay! Will do!” Frotwoot snapped as he tried desperately to comply. About halfway down the length of the tree he realized that he’d have more time to figure this out if he stopped flapping his wings, and when he did… he noticed something. Somewhere between full-speed and full-stop he’d slowed down; not by much, of course, but by enough to give him hope. He quickly repeated the process to see what had caused it, but while he once again managed to slow his descent for a moment he still wasn’t sure why. It didn’t really matter, though; at this point, all that mattered was that it worked. 
For the next several seconds he engaged in a rather frantic string of sudden stops and starts, each one hopefully serving to make his impending crash a little more like a landing. His rate of deceleration increased significantly when he finally realized what was responsible for it (i.e. a sort of backwards flutter his wings did whenever they were made to stop abruptly) and could focus on doing just that, but unfortunately he didn’t come to that realization until he was about ten feet away from the ground. It probably saved his life, of course, but as he hit the grass face-first and came to an awkward, crumpled stop immediately thereafter he couldn’t help but wish it had come in time to save him some pain, as well.
“I can’t believe I ever missed these things,” Frotwoot muttered, rising wearily to his feet once his heart had stopped pounding and making his way through a myriad of aches and pains to the little hatch at the base of the great tree.
“So… is this truly it?” said the Dryad. “Thou art simply returning home, thine adventure unfinished?”
“Dude, my ‘adventure’ was finished when the damsel in distress turned out to be the bad guy,” said Frotwoot, frowning as he looked down to see a brand-new padlock on the aforementioned hatch. “Hey… what’s that, um… ’unlocking’ spell, again?”
The Dryad told him, and no sooner had Frotwoot used it than the tree who was once a man resumed his protest. “But there are so many mysteries yet unsolved! For instance, how art thou a faerie with the mind of a mage? For what sinister purpose hath Maeve sought to take the life of Queen Mab? And what of the magi slavers, who didst once imprison thee in a hanging cage? Do they still roam Seelie, snatching up unsuspecting Tuatha Dryadia? Yea, do they even now lurk amidst—?”
“I don’t care,” said Frotwoot, who had been moving through the tunnel to the ring portal so quickly that he was nearly able to walk upright again. “Didn’t I say that already?”
“Yes, thou didst, but… truly, it doth escape mine understanding how one can be so… uncurious.”
Frotwoot nearly lost his balance as the walls of the tunnel fell away beneath his hands to merge into the walls of the big round cavern. Stepping forward, he kicked around in the dirt a bit to find the ring portal’s nearest stone… and after about a minute of increasingly frantic kicking around it became quite clear that were no stones there at all.
“Where are they?!?!” he demanded, dropping to the ground to see if his hands could find what his feet couldn’t.
“… Where are what?”
“The magic rocks!”
“Are they gone?”
“No, dude, I’m just asking for fun”
“What an odd form of fun… ”
“I’mnotreallyaskingforfun!!!” Frotwoot snapped, pounding the dirt with his fist as he scrambled to his feet.
“… You must calm thyself, Frotwoot. Search again. Perhaps thou art mistaken.”
“I’m not.”
“But… how can this be? For behold, to move this most sacred of ring portals, yea, even the very ring portal that didst transport myself and my Tuatha to this dimension, would not the thief need to cross directly in front of me? Would I not see them as they passed?”
“I don’t know. Would you not?”
“Nay, I most assuredly would… but wait!”
“What?”
“For three days I didst sojourn in thy body, and for three days I didst not once divert mine attention from the concerns of thy mortal form; that, therefore, must be how the ring’s thief didst escape my gaze!”
“… Great,” sighed Frotwoot, stressfully running his hands through his hair. “So now what? How do I get home?”
“Well… I could aid thee in the construction of a new ring portal.”
“How long would that take?”
“Two years.”
Frotwoot’s head swam. “Two years?”
“Yes, two years. It would be less if thou didst not need to go to a specific time or place, but—” 
“Yeah, I need both of those to be pretty specific.”
“I didst suppose as much.” 
“Okay,” said Frotwoot, thinking quickly as he paced around the little cavern. “Okay, so… what about the thief? Who would steal some magic rocks that they can’t even make work?”
“Many people,” said the Dryad, sounding mildly offended. “For behold, these ‘magic rocks’, as thou dost erroneously call them, are priceless treasures. That is why only the most devoted of my clerics, yea, even those exalted few who have been chosen to preside over the Dryadic Church, did know where they were kept.”
“… So do you think they stole them?”
“Of course not!”
“But you just said they were the only ones who knew where they were,” Frotwoot pointed out. “If it wasn’t them, then—wait… what about Maeve?”
“What about Mae—oh. Oh my.”
“Yeah.”
Neither of them said anything for a while. Then, with a heavy sigh that turned into a ragged laugh, Frotwoot shook his head and started reluctantly back up the tunnel. “I guess I’m gonna have to find her after all… ”
* * *
Rocky and Pixley were just leaving the castle when Frotwoot got back to it.
“Hey,” said Pixley, stopping halfway down the steps and giving him a funny look. “Where’d you go?”
“The bathroom.”
“There’s bathrooms in the castle, you know,” Rocky pointed out.
“Yeah, but… I only like to use my own.”
Pixley gave him a look of genuine surprise, shared it with Rocky, then turned back to Frotwoot to say, “Me too.”
“So… you here to get discharged?” asked Rocky.
“No,” said Frotwoot. “I, um… I actually think I wanna stay a knight for a while.”
Pixley raised an eyebrow at him and smiled. Rocky, meanwhile, did almost the complete opposite. “What?”
“Yeah, I—I don’t know why, but… I feel like I need to see this thing through.”
“I don’t know why, either,” The Dryad grumbled. He’d been yelling in Frotwoot’s head the whole way here, insisting that they didn’t need “the Seelie Court’s help” to find Maeve. At one point Frotwoot had asked what his problem with the Seelie Court was, anyway, and after considering the question for a moment the Dryad had responded “Thou wouldst not understand”. There’d been a bit of a back and forth after that, but in the end the Dryad had simply refused to elaborate, and so Frotwoot, in turn, had refused to change his mind.
“No,” said Rocky, shaking his head a bit excessively. “No, no, no. You’re not really a knight, hero. You don’t have the training.”
“You didn’t care about that before.” 
Rocky gave him a look that very nearly triggered his fight or flight instinct. “That was different.”
“I could use him, Rock,” Pixley chimed in.
“What, on the most important quest we’ve got goin’?” Rocky scoffed. “No way.”
“He did okay on it today.”
“Seriously? Are you— you owe this kid money or somethin’?”
“No, I just—” Pixley glanced at Frotwoot, then turned his head away and leaned forward so only Rocky could hear what he said next.
The goblin took a step back once Pixley was done talking and gave him a long, skeptical look in reply. Then, groaning and rolling his eyes, he said, “Okay, fine! But I’m bustin’ him down to squire. He ain’t earned a knighthood yet.”
Frotwoot tried not to smile too much as Rocky turned to face him, but most of his energy was going into holding back a victory fist pump at the moment so he wasn’t able to try very hard. “Welcome to the Order of the Gecko, kid,” sighed Rocky, shaking his hand. Then, because this was clearly too friendly, he added, “It’s not my fault if you die.”
