
Chewy Noh
and
the Fall of
the Mu-dang

By Tim Learn

~~~
Smashwords Edition


Copyright © 2015 by Tim Learn. All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents


PART I
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
PART II
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
PART III
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
PART IV
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
PART V
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50


World Populations
1) China………………..1,339,119,000
2) India………………….1,184,639,000


26) South Korea………..49,773,145


Number of Students sent to the U.S. yearly
1) China……..........194,029
2) India……………...100,270
3) South Korea………….72,950

Part I
1


By the end of his first day of school, Chewy’s mom was already complaining of headaches, putting fingers to her temples while tending to a pot of simmering kimchi soup. But she pushed all of it off, citing jetlag, wanting more to hear about his day.
He knew what she really wanted to know—whether or not he had made a friend yet. This whole trip, leaving his father back in Korea to make money, was for him to see and experience a life full of English, to know it was more than a test subject. He felt her expectations were high, but detailed each event, keeping only one to himself.
Near the end of the day, his fifth grade teacher, Mrs. Shapiro, took to the front of the class with her ball of curly black hair and asked everyone a question.
“What are some good things about having superpowers?”
At first, the other students stared at each other until a boy with short brown hair in the front raised his hand.
“You can do amazing things to impress people!”
Mrs. Shapiro smiled kindly, seeing the class warming up, and pointed to another hand up in the back.
“When people do something bad to you, you can teach them a lesson.”
Chewy smiled at this comment. He couldn’t agree more.
“Anything a little less self-serving?” Mrs. Shapiro asked.
“You can save your loved ones when they’re in trouble.”
A swirl of whispers agreed with a slight voice in back whispering, “Yeah, like from the Grumblys.”
Before Chewy could make sense of it, Mrs. Shapiro opened up a new avenue of thought.
“So with that, then why do you think it might be bad to have them?”
The class stirred again. No one seemed to think superpowers were such a bad thing to have until a short, curly-haired girl with thick glasses raised her hand.
“Yes, Becky,” Mrs. Shapiro said, pointing in the girl’s direction.
Becky jumped receiving a kick from the blond girl behind her and then softly responded.
“You have to help people.”
Many of the faces in class turned toward her, perplexed. Even Chewy was unsure what this meant. Superheroes were supposed to help others. That’s their job! How was this a drawback? Before the question could even come out of Chewy’s mouth, Mrs. Shapiro had asked Becky to clarify her answer.
“What I mean,” Becky started softly again, “If you have a superpower, you have to help people. You can’t use it for those other things people said. If you did, you wouldn’t be a superhero.”
“Interesting perspective,” Mrs. Shapiro said, turning sharply on some boys who were making faces at Becky for her sensitive answer.
Chewy stared at the strange girl. Mrs. Shapiro was wrong. It wasn’t interesting. It was disturbing and Chewy raised his hand. With a smile on her face, Chewy knew Mrs. Shapiro was happy seeing him participate already in an American school. She nodded for him to speak.
“If what she says is true,” Chewy said, glancing back at Becky, “That means anyone who doesn’t help others is a villain.”
“That may be,” Mrs. Shapiro said, “It’s known as responsibility, and superheroes have much more of it than your average person. Fortunately, superheroes aren’t real, so we don’t need to worry too much over it.”
Saying this, Mrs. Shapiro waddled to the other side of the classroom before asking her next question.
“With that in mind then, what power would some of you choose?”
A flurry of hands flew up, waving back and forth, and one by one they were called on.
“Time-travel.”
“Super strength.”
“Telekinesis”
“Superman!”
Mrs. Shapiro butted in on the answers.
“I asked what superpower you want, not what superhero you want to be.”
Following her comment, the students resumed listing their favorites and Chewy sat quietly. He wasn’t listening. Maybe none of them had powers, but he did. And as the students kept picking which ones they wanted, no one zeroed in on his.
He was worried though, because if what that girl said was right, he had a much bigger responsibility than he had ever thought before. And despite wanting to share his secret with someone, he was happy no one else knew except for that old woman in the mountain—the mu-dang.
2


“Your first son has a right to the best possible life afforded him,” his grandfather barked at his mother two weeks after Chewy’s birth and, pointing to his daughter, said, “You can call it mumbo-jumbo if you like, but if I hadn’t brought you to the mu-dang, you would’ve never gone to Seoul National University, helping you to meet that ‘nice’ fellow.”
He pointed to a picture of Chewy’s father on the living room wall, a graduation hat atop his head.
“I understand, father,” she replied with respect, petting her son’s head while rocking him in her arms, “But I put in the work too.”
“The seed of the tree may do all the growing but if it lands in a desert, no one expects a future rich with wood,” her father said, sitting down on their white leather sofa to rub his knees.
“I don’t think he’ll approve,” she responded, looking at another picture of her and her husband on their wedding day. He had a kind face. That’s why she picked him at that group blind date in university, even though, afterwards, she saw how short he was and, with her petite stature, knew her son might need all the help he could get. But, her husband was scientifically-minded. His major had been engineering and she knew all of this fell under the category of superstition.
“I figured as much,” her father said, pulling himself back up to look at his sleeping grandson, “That’s why I’ve already spoken to his parents.”
“Father!” she said slightly louder than expected and checked to make sure she hadn’t woke sleeping Chewy in her arms. Her father came over taking him from her, holding Chewy gently with a smile.
Chewy’s mother continued more softly, grabbing her father’s arm, “We’ve only been married for less than a year. What will they think of us…of me?”
“You needn’t worry,” he said, patting Chewy’s back softly, “With a little finagling, they agreed that it couldn’t hurt.”
She consented wearily and in fact her father had done such a spectacular job convincing her in-laws that by dinnertime, her husband actually suggested the idea himself, though grudgingly, to bring the baby to one right away the next day.
Early the next morning, grandfather, mother and baby set out to see the family mu-dang. She was located nearby but high in the mountain. And so, with Chewy strapped to his mother’s back, they trekked up the broadside of a steep incline, having little more than a thin dirt path to follow before they caught sight of the tiny shack, smoke billowing out of a weak, brick chimney, amongst a corral of pines.
The grandfather knocked briskly and an old woman, bent over as if straining with a load on her back, issued them onto mats atop the dirt floor. The grandfather stared intensely at the woman who hobbled around, one hand to the crick in her back where the spine seemed mangled. She touched certain bottles before retrieving two blue candles, lighting them on an altar before them.
“So,” she started, phlegm in her voice, “You have come for a name, have you?”
Chewy’s mother was about to question how she knew this but realized the old woman probably saw the baby and was just connecting the dots. There was no magic here.
“Put the baby down,” she croaked, hacking a cough out with a clenched fist before pointing to the altar in front of her.
Chewy was a quiet baby and even being placed on a strange, hard table brought little rise from him. He cooed and stared around with curiosity.
The mu-dang closed her eyes and exhaled heavily, pushing every last bit of air out of her lungs. She was sitting finally and her posture no longer seemed uncomfortable, appearing now to be in her natural state.
“The beginning looks good,” she started, her voice shallow with slow breathing.
The grandfather tapped his daughter’s arm with his elbow and smiled. Maybe her father was right. After all, this woman had picked her name as well and look how she had turned out.
Suddenly, the woman stopped and her brow sank. Tilting an ear up as if listening to some imperceptible sound, she thrust her hands over Chewy, a three inch margin between them and him.
“There is something not right here,” she began, squinting even though her eyes were still closed, “You were right to bring him, but I’m afraid even the best name won’t guarantee him anything.”
The grandfather reached for his daughter’s hand and squeezed it, worry coming to his eyes. The daughter squeezed back but was unsure if this was nothing more than theatrics. Was the woman just putting on a good show?
The mu-dang lifted her head sharply and opened her eyes on the daughter.
“This is no game,” she said.
Chewy’s mother nodded apologetically. She tried not to let any more thoughts come into her head should the old woman see them too.
“I have a name for him,” the mu-dang muttered without satisfaction, “But it is only the lesser of many evils.”
The grandfather nodded repeatedly, thanking her, wishing to hear it.
“The first character in his name will be ‘Hee’ deriving from the Chinese character for vagueness. The second character in his name ‘Chu’ will come from the symbol for a ‘true heart.’
“Hee-Chu,” his mother said, testing it out on the little boy wriggling around on the table and then said, “But isn’t that a girl’s name?”
The mu-dang snapped her eyes at her again and her father placed a hand before Chewy’s mother to tell her this was neither the time nor place for her unenlightened judgments.
“I was able to save you from a great danger,” the woman said to Chewy’s mom, and then shifted her head to the father, “But I’m afraid this child has too much of his grandfather’s blood. I can only offer a name to delay certain difficulties.”
The grandfather put his hand to his mouth, tears in his eyes, and muttered a ‘thank you’ with a seated bow, not wishing to look at his daughter’s face out of shame.
The mu-dang then rose and it was understood that the ceremony was over. Chewy’s mom picked him up, going for the door and the mu-dang watched them leave, her eyes on the grandfather’s back as he closed the door behind him.
Outside, Chewy’s mother saw tears on her father’s face and kissed him, telling him it would all be fine. He smiled at her, wanting to believe this, and the rest of the trip down the mountain was spent in silence.
3


The lunch bell rang, and Clint made his way from his perch in front of the principal’s office to class, focusing on each step, but every stray thought kept returning to what was happening in the fifth grade classroom next to his.
A little less than a week ago, when Chewy first walked into school, a foot shorter and twenty pounds lighter than all the other boys, he seemed strange. Clint expected him to have a lot of difficulty and why not? Besides his stature and weight, when he smiled, his small, squinty eyes on his flat face seemed to disappear entirely. Grover Elementary School saw few Asians and the ones that did come looked more Western. Chewy was unbelievably Korean-looking.
Clint knew this didn’t mean anything. Boys who were different could succeed in making friends just as well, maybe even blend in, but being good at sports was required for all of this. And the new kid showed little physical prowess. Clint knew this well, looking at the metal braces that ran up his legs, keeping him upright.
No other kids really paid any attention to him. He was quiet and ‘physically, if not mentally, challenged’—or, so many kids said behind his back. He knew it though. For him, he only existed in the eyes of teachers, but they were eyes of pity. They knew what he had gone through, knew how he had suffered and everyone, except the new kid of course, knew the fear that haunted him. It kept him from going outside most days. And he felt stupid because it was something everyone needed.
But this foreign kid, he just came marching in as if expecting no bumps along the way. Where was he from again, that country trying to build nuclear bombs?
“Actually, that’s North Korea,” Becky told him “South Korea’s our ally. And, according to what he said when he introduced himself, it’s not a poor country either. Did you know they eat meat there too?”
Maybe it was the mystery of something new that made Chewy so intriguing to others, Clint thought.
“What else did he say?”
“It really wasn’t what he said but what he did,” Becky paused, her eyes wide in her thick lenses, “In math class, this is his first day mind you, he got everything right on the test. Got a sucker and everything.”
No big deal. This was only impressive to poor Becky because she couldn’t do those things. Clint was happy that at least his own brain didn’t have any of those problems. Becky started again.
“But it didn’t stop there. English class—perfect. Social Studies—perfect. It felt like he was unstoppable.”
This was becoming frustrating.
“Did he do anything wrong?”
She looked at him bug-eyed and shook her head.
“What about when he spoke, did he have a strange accent at least?”
Clint crossed his fingers. There had to be one flaw. But she just continued shaking her head.
“None at all. In fact, he spoke better than quite a few of us.”
“Really? Nothing?”
Becky lifted her eyes before saying, “Now that you mention it, I overheard Mrs. Shapiro saying something strange to Mr. Frank.”
Clint nodded for her to proceed. Finally, something!
“She said she thought he was special…not in a mental problems kind of way,” and Becky paused saying this, realizing who she was talking to. Clint waved a hand at the remark, and Becky continued, “She thinks he’s going to make big changes.”
“What kind of changes?”
Becky just shrugged saying she wished she knew more.
But Clint didn’t feel too downtrodden from this rare interview. Doing well in school may win over a sad case like Becky, but Clint knew this didn’t help his chances with everyone else, especially the boys. If anything, being too smart and perfect was just another strike against him. Above all, it might even incur the wrath of the Grumblys. And Clint hobbled away from Becky confident he’d hear any day now about the strange Asian kid’s downfall, but…it never came.
He saw Chewy enjoy himself in the cafeteria during lunch, laugh with kids in the halls. Chewy seemed to be fitting in. And it bothered Clint only because, if not for his handicaps, he’d easily be better than Chewy.
4


Early in his fourth school year, Chewy’s mom picked up the phone, hearing his teacher say there was a problem.
“A problem?” she said, looking to her father at the kitchen table picking the heads off a pile of bean sprouts. He instantly sensed her concern and stopped, placing his hands flat.
“I don’t know how to say this,” Ms. Lee said, pausing, “Your son seems to be having difficulties in English class.”
A smile came to his mom’s face. Not her Chewy. There must be a mistake.
“It’s Chewy, alright,” the teacher started again, “When the native English teacher comes in, he seems confused. For example, today, Kevin teacher taught introductions. Actually, it was a review class from the beginning of the week, and upon asking your son what his name was…Chewy said, ‘Three.’”
She sat down at the table across from her father who listened attentively, their eyes meeting for a moment, and said into the phone, “Maybe Chewy heard him wrong.”
A hesitation came across the line.
“Then Kevin asked your son how he was doing. And Chewy said, ‘Dinosaur.’ I’m afraid there’s no mistake.”
Shaking her head, Chewy’s mom said, “It’s an off-day for him then. Everyone has ‘off-days’ once and a while.”
“That’s not it, either. This isn’t the first time. In fact, in every class, he seems to have no idea what the teacher is saying.”
“This teacher, Kevin, where is he from?” she asked, hoping the teacher would say Scotland, Australia, or any other country where the accent might be too strong, thus too hard to understand.
“He’s Canadian.”
Dammit! She thought to herself, almost saying this into the phone. Her father leaned over touching her arm to soothe her.
She didn’t know what else to do at the moment so thanked the teacher and said they’d be in touch, then returned the phone to its cradle.
“That was Ms. Lee, Chewy’s fourth grade teacher,” she said, addressing her father’s questioning face, “She says he’s not very good at English. In fact, not at all.”
Her father snorted.
“Teachers today! A boy outshines them and they have to knock him down a notch for their own egos,” he said, slapping the table in frustration.
“No, I don’t get that from her. She’s a good, honest teacher. This was obviously a hard thing for her to do.”
“Then what are you saying?”
“I don’t know. But something doesn’t make sense here,” she said, picking up the phone again, “Let me call GEEK. Maybe they can clarify things.”
Living in the competitive environment of Korea, by the age of three, Chewy was enrolled in Genius English Enrichment Kindergarten. For the next three years, Chewy rose from level to level. If anyone could detail his English skills, it would be them. But the answer she got was unexpected.
“Your son is a special case,” the head teacher began, “Most students go through our program gaining the essentials. Then there are some who leave with at least a functioning capability in English. They can speak but their grammar’s horrible. And then…there’s Chewy.”
The head teacher waited for this information to sink in before continuing, “He consistently tested the lowest in every single class, even in his third year of study. This means that even children with only a few months of English outranked him.”
“But you kept graduating him to the next level.”
“At first, we did it because we thought he’d catch up. In most of these troubled cases, that’s what happens. But…” she paused, “He didn’t. We still believed eventually something would snap in his brain and it would all make sense. That never happened sadly.”
“Why didn’t you tell us earlier? I’ve made a fool out of myself toting him around like an English genius?”
“We never said he was,” the head teacher stated coldly.
“But at all the teacher-parent conferences, I was only told good things.”
She looked to her father, frustrated.
“The truth is,” the head teacher swallowed hard before finishing, “This is a business. Parents come to us to teach their children English. When we tell them the truth about their child’s inabilities, parents tend to pull their student from our program.”
“Are you saying you’ve been lying to me just to…to get my money!”
“I wouldn’t say that. But we truly are sorry for this situation.”
Chewy’s mom hung up the phone and turned her head in tears to her father at the kitchen table. He had heard and understood everything. His grandson was already a failure and could only see a bleak future ahead of him.
“She was right,” he said, lowering his head.
“Who?” the mother said still angry from the phone.
“The mu-dang,” he said, wringing his hands, “I think he needs to go see her again.”
5


By that Friday, Chewy had been filled in on many of the school’s peccadillos, like the last Wednesday of the month being pizza day, and how the backfield’s right corner was nearly undetectable from all school windows. Not all of it was useful and had Chewy known, he would’ve asked someone to elaborate on the Grumblys. As it was, he knew that Kent Grumbly looked remarkably grungy while his brother was a behemoth. Beyond that, he was clueless. Instead, walking out the school’s rear doors, Chewy was preoccupied with what that Becky girl had said.
If superheroes were obligated to help people, couldn’t showing off and getting revenge be a perk of the job description? He wondered what this meant about him. This definitely didn’t make his life any easier. Then again, the mu-dang had told him as much. He started to wish he’d never heard Becky’s comment, crossing the cracked blacktop for home. The coincidence that he had been thinking about all of this at that moment only occurred to him later.
Passing the left corner of the gym, Chewy saw a red-faced boy with long, black hair berating one of the younger students. He instantly recognized him as Kent. His voice was gruff and threatening, but it had little effect on Chewy who coming closer, noticed another larger boy in the distance. Tom. And the stories were true. He was as wide as he was tall with the whitest skin Chewy had ever seen.
Chewy stopped in front of them, glancing around the playground. Only stragglers were left and none of them seemed phased by this scene.
Noticing Chewy, Kent dropped the boy he held in order to retrieve a basketball from the ground, and then did a quick scan of Chewy’s miniature body.
“Keep moving, dog-eater,” was all he said before turning back to his victim.
Chewy flinched. He couldn’t believe these guys were serious. More so, why wasn’t anyone doing anything?
“Hey,” Kent barked, “What did I say? Get the hell out of here!”
Before Chewy could react, the basketball in Kent’s hands slammed into the left side of his face and he fell to the ground, moaning. His entire head and body stung, feeling the loose gravel beneath him. He opened his eyes slowly. There, by the back doors stood a kid with braces on his legs, watching.
From behind, Chewy heard Tom’s high-pitched laughter and scrambled to his feet, holding the ball like a shield.
“Is that all you got?” Chewy said, “Hitting someone when they’re unprepared.”
Kent tipped his head, squinting.
“I’ve heard about you,” he said, scanning Chewy up and down again, “Doing pretty well for yourself, eh, test boy?”
“You have no idea what I can do,” Chewy said, glaring at the thin hairs on Kent’s upper lip.
“Why don’t we find out then,” Kent pursed his lips for a second and then continued. “What about a game of HORSE—that is if your country even knows anything about basketball.”
Whatever blood was left in his body rushed to Chewy’s face. He narrowed his eyes as Kent piped up again.
“This ain’t no kiddie game, so let’s make a wager.”
Chewy shrugged to say ‘whatever.’
Kent smiled and continued.
“If we don’t win, the ball’s yours. You can even give it back to the kid it belongs to…if you can find him.”
Chewy looked around the schoolyard again. It was now utterly empty.
“And if you do win?”
“Then you keep your head down and shut up!”
The fire returned to Kent’s face with Tom’s meaty head swaying behind him. Kent motioned for Chewy to go first.
Chewy nodded, taking the ball to the right side of the court to line up his shot. He dribbled again, exhaled deeply, and tossed the ball up. He closed his eyes, hearing the ball thump into the grass. Tom barely contained his laughter before saying, “He can’t even hit the rim.”
Kent circled around for the ball, dribbling back inbounds. Then he swayed, lifting his arms as if no muscles were needed, and shot, sinking one from midcourt. Finished, he threw his arms open, saying, “I smell an ‘H’ coming on.”
A sharp pass sent the ball back to Chewy and he took Kent’s place in front of the hoop. It was further than he had ever shot, but his confidence didn’t waver. He swayed his shoulders, imagining the soft ease in Kent’s arms, and pushed off the ground. But moments before the ball left his hands, a fleshy fist slammed into his face and he dropped to the ground, instinctively covering his eye. Looking up, he saw Tom grinning and then noticed his shot go in.
“Dammit, Tom! You fat lummox! He was probably going to miss.” Kent belted out, bending over to pick up the ball. He silently swore and then said, “Try this one.”
Dashing to the side, he lobbed a wild ball from the out of bounds mark, sinking it with a ricochet off the opposite rim. The ball bounced twice rolling back to Kent’s feet.
“Fu Manchu, you shoot from here,” he said, swinging his long hair in his brother’s direction, “And this time there better be no distractions.”
Tom shuffled his feet, peering at the ground. He had only wanted to help.
Chewy, still holding the left side of his face, traipsed over and took the ball under his arm before trying to open his left lid. It stung and he knew it was most likely glowing red. He looked to Kent who swung his arms gracefully toward the net.
Chewy grabbed the ball firmly, shut his left eye and with all his might, launched the ball at a great arc toward the lowering sun. The ball flew up much higher than the basket but crashed down straight through the net. Chewy stepped backwards in disbelief, as did Kent who had shuffled forward about to throw his hands up in victory over his first letter.
Kent looked to Chewy with tough eyes as if asking ‘what-kind-of-scam-are-you-running?’ Chewy answered back with a shrug of ‘nothing-more-than-beginner’s-luck.’
However, he knew it was more than that. With each basket sunk by Kent, Chewy followed suit. Where Kent’s shots sometimes fell sporadically in, Chewy’s were all net. After thirty minutes of this back and forth, Kent dropped to the ground, exhausted, using the ball as a seat.
“We’re calling it a ‘tie’, so get out of here,” Kent announced, arms draped over his knees.
Chewy turned toward the grass and then stopped, pulling a one eighty back to the court.
“I don’t think so.”
Kent lifted his sweaty head questioning Chewy’s words.
“If you don’t win,” Chewy answered, “I get the ball. You said it. And you didn’t win.”
Tom shuffled over from the sideline.
“But you didn’t either.”
Chewy stood with his legs apart, arms crossed.
“Doesn’t matter. By your rules, it only counts if I lose. I didn’t. So…” he paused, surveying the school yard before saying, “Give me the ball.”
Kent rose slowly, berating Chewy with his eyes, and kicked the ball in Chewy’s direction. Tom moved forward again to complain but was hushed by Kent’s raised arm.
“Let the baby have his ball.”
He turned toward the grass, heading for the opening at the other end, muttering lowly to Tom who trailed him, “We’ll see him soon. Don’t worry about that.”
6


Clint came out from behind the corner, stepping softly toward Chewy’s turned back. He had never seen anything like it. The new kid had confronted the Grumblys. Whatever jealousy Clint harbored over the past week quickly morphed into an utter and stupefying awe.
“How’d you do that?”
Chewy whipped around as if ready for another attack, the scrawny muscles on his thin arms tense. Clint put up his hands to signal his harmlessness and heaved his legs slowly closer.
“Your name’s Chewy, right?”
Chewy nodded hesitantly. He looked shaken.
“Your parents named you after a wookie?” Clint said, screwing up his face, one eye half-closed.
With this comment, Chewy’s shoulders dropped and he shook his head, a smile coming to his lips with his eyes sliding shut, and said, “Actually, my name is Hee-Chu Noh. It means ‘Dim True Heart.’”
“My name’s Clint. I’m in the class next to yours.”
Chewy nodded in acknowledgement. Clint knew his leg braces and robot-styled walking made him hard to miss.
Clint wrinkled his brow, continuing.
“So your last name is ‘No? Your dad’s name is Mr. No, like a James Bond villain or something?”
“Technically,” Chewy started with a flick of his wrist, “There’s an ‘H’ at the end. One of our presidents had the same last name but he spelt it differently. For all I know, it was to sound more positive.”
“Did it work?”
Chewy scrunched up his face.
“He eventually killed himself. So I’m not so sure.”
Clint’s eyes widened.
“He killed himself over a name?”
“No,” Chewy said, waving it away with a laugh, “People spread rumors about him that weren’t true and…he kind of took them to heart. Jumped off the side of a mountain.”
Clint nodded politely, hoping to change the conversation back to his original inquiry if not something cheerier.
“Then how did you do it?”
Chewy glanced behind him at the hoop before looking back at Clint to confirm that’s what he meant.
“Not sure how to explain it,” he started, “But it has something to do with an old woman on a mountain.”
7


After his grandfather expressed another meeting with the old fortune-teller, Chewy’s mother, no longer wanting to look like a superstitious fool to her husband and his family, put her foot down. There would be no more mu-dang visits. Clearly, his grandfather was alone in his thinking and had to come up with his own plan.
The following week, he pushed his only grandson out into the rain with an umbrella in his hand. He told Chewy to skip school and go see the mu-dang in the mountain. The nearest bus would take him out of town. With Chewy’s absence, he’d call school to excuse him so that Chewy’s mother would not find out.
Getting off the bus at the foot of the mountain, Chewy followed his grandfather’s instructions, taking the thin dirt path that, technically with all the early season rain, was nothing more than a muddy line up the side of the mountain. By the time he spotted the enclave of trees where the old woman’s house sat, Chewy was wet, tired, and muddy from a few slips along the way.
Before he could take a step closer, a spark from the sky flashed in front of him, throwing him to the ground. He was lucky the lightning didn’t hit him but a nearby tree instead. However, the tree it struck began to crack noisily as if fighting back against the gravity that pulled it downward, slamming into the mu-dang’s house, splitting it in half.
Chewy sat there, motionless, not believing what he had seen until he heard the far-off yelps for help coming from within the battered house. He wasted no time thinking and scurried up to the house’s remains.
There were shattered glass and frayed edges of split timber everywhere. He walked and used his hands carefully. Coming home with a cut was not an option if he wished to hide this from his mother. He looked at the large trunk, cracked and smoking from the middle and yelled to find the person.
“Over here, Hee-Chu,” a voice said.
He looked to the side and saw the old woman caught beneath a smaller, but still heavy, branch of the tree. Luckily, little glass was around and Chewy was able to lift the branch up long enough for the woman to drag herself out from under. He went to her side waiting for further instruction.
The woman’s face was immensely wrinkled, most likely from too much thought and worry, and she ran her scraggly, knotted fingers down her leg, cringing just as they reached below her right knee.
“Broken,” she said as if no second opinion was needed.
“Should I go get help?” Chewy asked, tossing his head around.
“What help is there up here in the mountains for a broken leg? You need to get me down to a hospital, Hee-Chu,” she said pulling herself further from the tree.
“How do you know my name?” Chewy asked, stepping cautiously about the wreckage to clear an area for the old woman to rest a bit.
“I know a lot about you. More than you need to know at this moment. But I can tell you this: when you hear my question later, your answer will not offer you as much peace as you’d like to believe.”
She pulled herself to her feet before Chewy could get another word out and waved him over. He came next to her and she put her arm around him to hold her up and then started down the incline.
It had stopped raining by then, making their descent easier but no less slippery. With this strain, about halfway down, both were exhausted and the mu-dang suggested they stop a bit at a clearing with some large rocks. Wiping the water off for both to sit, Chewy spoke up.
“Grandpa says you’re a fortune teller.”
“Grandpa,” she said in an ornery voice.
“What I can’t figure out,” Chewy said, scrunching up his face, his small eyes disappearing, “If you can see the future and all, then how come you didn’t know that tree was going to fall on your house?”
The woman snorted as if in on a personal joke.
“That’s the curse of being a fortune teller. You can know everyone else’s fortune but not your own.”
“That sucks,” Chewy said, rubbing the soreness of her weight out of his shoulder.
“That’s putting it delicately,” she said, paused, breathing in the fresh, rainy air and then said, “It’s time.”
Chewy looked to her with question marks in his tiny eyes.
“You saved my life back there.”
Chewy nodded and she continued, “So I’m obligated to reward you. As a poor mu-dang, I have little to give. Fixing this bone might set me back for ages.”
She cringed again, touching below her right knee.
“So as a reward, you may choose any one power you want…within reason however.”
“Within reason?”
She rubbed her face as if freshly waking up, “You know, no wishing for the power to grant wishes or the power to give others power, that kind of thing.”
She placed a finger across her lips, the tip touching her nose as she continued, “I might make you fly, for instance. Or, the power to go invisible. No one would be able to see you, if you so wish.”
Chewy looked at her strangely.
“You’re serious?”
Patting her chest above the heart, she said, “Why would I ever want to lie to you, my little Hee-Chu?”
“Alright,” he started, thinking the worst that could happen was his wish not coming true, then he’d be exactly where he was now anyway, “I…I want to do perfectly on every test I ever take.”
The mu-dang laughed, slapping her knee.
“You are a Korean student alright,” she said, wiping tears from her eyes, “I should’ve guessed as much.”
“But,” he said, raising a finger to grab her attention, “It has to work for all kinds of tests: oral, written, or…any other type. All of them—perfect!”
She nodded her head slowly with her lips pinched outward showing this wouldn’t be a hard task and then spotted something in the grass. She bent over pulling it out and, biting half off herself, handed the other half to Chewy.
“Here,” she said, “Eat this.”
He snatched it away from her and practically swallowed it whole before the horribly bitter flavor overwhelmed his senses. He began gagging and fell to his knees, coughing, feeling as if he was going to throw up.
“What was that?”
“Wild ginseng,” the woman said, a smile coming to her face at seeing the boy’s disgust.
“So that gave me the magic power then?” he said, looking up through his welling tears.
“The ginseng? No, of course not. It’s just unbelievably good for your health.”
“You mean it wasn’t part of your spell?” his face turning red.
“Spell? I’m not a witch. You wanted a wish, I granted it. There are no strange brews or anything. I had you eat it cause it’s good for you. What has your grandfather told you about me?”
Chewy choked out a ‘nothing,’ swearing he could feel his insides punishing him for swallowing such a horrible root.
“Good. In the end, it’s better that way,” she said, hopping to her one good foot, “Now, let’s go. We’ve rested enough.”
Chewy stood slowly, taking the woman’s arm upon his shoulder again and helped her down the rest of the mountain. They rode the bus together for a bit before the old woman got off in front of a hospital and waved to Chewy as the bus drove off. Strangely, for a second, he believed the old woman had tears in her eyes.
8


The first time for Chewy to test the mu-dang’s supposed power came two days after his visit with her. Finishing science for the day, Ms. Lee stood in front of the class with an announcement.
“Tomorrow, you will all be tested on the material we’ve covered in the past couple of weeks. This shouldn’t be hard but that doesn’t mean you don’t have to study. I suggest everyone particularly pay close attention to chapter four: the structure of plants.”
At home, Chewy dropped his books on his desk and sat thinking, running his hands through his slightly lengthy black hair.
Having the power to get perfect on a test, did that mean he shouldn’t study? He remembered his parents’ reaction of late to his slowly lowering scores. Their grim faces were enough to scare him out of not studying at all, but he began to see it differently. Maybe he would peruse the material like normal. Clearly, he wasn’t doing well with that method anyways, and if this so-called power worked then all the better.
He pulled his bland green science book before him and threw open the pages. The picture of an animal cell stared up at him. It looked strange with its nucleus and mitochondria. He fingered the objects in the cell, reading their functions and names in the margin. In fact, he thought it resembled something quite disgusting and looked at his arm wondering what these things were doing on him at that moment.
He shook his head, muttering to himself, “Chapter four: the structure of plants,” and flipped back a chapter to study.
The following day, science class came first and everyone was relieved to get the test out of the way. Handing it in at the end of the hour, Chewy didn’t feel any different. He felt like he had bombed the test. Then again, as he searched throughout the classroom, most of the other students were acting the same way, so he pushed the worry aside for later. After all, Ms. Lee would grade the tests during break.
Ms. Lee stood from her desk and smiled, “Good job everyone. I’m sure you all did well. Now, Kevin teacher will be here shortly, so please take your seats.”
She walked to the door and shortly after, a large foreigner entered, his bushy eyebrows raised as greetings to the students.
“Good morning everyone!”
Most of the students echoed this message back to him and he stopped in front of the class, noticing Chewy had not moved his mouth.
“Good morning Chewy!” he said in a highly saccharine voice.
Chewy looked up at him, his thoughts still on the test, blinked to get his grounding and said, “Sorry. Was thinking about the test we just took. Good Morning Kevin teacher.”
Kevin teacher stopped bug-eyed, his mouth half-open, thinking this was some sort of trick, and bent down to look at Chewy in the face.
“Chewy, we’re going to talk about favorite movies today. How does that sound?”
Chewy peered up at him and smiled, his eyes turning to little slits.
“Wonderful. I love movies, especially action ones.”
Kevin teacher stood up again, looking to Ms. Lee standing in the back of the classroom for an explanation, getting only a shrug in return. Pushing his lips up in confusion, he moved on with the rest of the class, startled at every clear, concise answer from Chewy who noticed nothing, anticipating the future test results.
After lunch, the class returned to a stern-faced Ms. Lee who directed them to their seats with little patience. Standing in the front of the class, she waved a stack of papers at them.
“Did I not tell you all to study for the test?” she put her free hand to her hip, releasing a puff of disgust, “Only Chewy here seems to know what it means to study.”
She handed his test back first before moving on to the other children who sat with their heads down in shame. Chewy, too, had his head down out of habit but slowly lifted it to view his test score. Perfect. He heard Ms. Lee’s voice coming from behind him.
“Did none of you even look at the book?”
A small girl spoke up.
“But you only said to study chapter four.”
“I did not say that,” Ms. Lee, normally very sweet, snapped back, “I told all of you to focus on chapter four. I never said to ‘only’ study it. This test included anything from our current chapters, including ones regarding the differences between human cells and plant cells.”
The memory of playing with the cell diagram jumped into Chewy’s head. Is that how it worked, he wondered to himself, flipping the test over in his hands as if it might disappear at any moment. His power didn’t necessarily guarantee him the right answers, but led him to them, even by accident.
For the rest of class, he mulled this idea over. By the time he got home, he realized that if he put in the effort, even the least bit required, he’d most likely end up mistakenly studying the exact pages for whatever test came his way.
Within the following weeks, he soared to the top of his class, none being more surprised by the turn-about than Ms. Lee herself, who had to inform Chewy’s mother.
“I know it may be hard to believe,” she said enthusiastically across the line.
“You’re telling me,” Chewy’s mom said, her hand over her heart, sitting as if her blood had left her head. Across the table, her father sat just as enthralled and worried as before. Did Chewy’s trip to the mu-dang maybe not pan out as well as he thought?
Three minutes later, his mom hung up and sat at the table staring before lifting her head to her father’s perplexed face, brows uplifted in fear.
“She said Chewy…” her voice faltered, and her father pushed her on with a nod, “He won the school-wide English competition. He’s number one in the school and top in his class.”
The grandfather lowered his brow, the tension dropping from his shoulders. Everything had turned out okay after all and he reached out, squeezing his daughter’s hand.
She raised her head at the touch, smiled and said, “I can’t wait until Chewy’s father comes home. This is the news he’s been waiting for. Now, he’ll definitely let us go to America.”
And as soon as his daughter left the room to congratulate Chewy on his hard work, the grandfather’s head collapsed forward. His worries had only just begun.
9


Clint had no idea what to say. There was no way this boy was telling him the truth. A magical ability to pass all tests! But, the more he thought about it this explained a lot. His perfect scores in all subjects. The way he won everyone over. This was the secret Clint wanted to figure out and his excitement overwhelmed him.
“Any test?” he said in disbelief.
Chewy nodded, a large grin snapping his eyes shut. Still, Clint realized this didn’t explain everything. At least, not what he had just witnessed.
“Then how did you beat them?” Clint said, looking toward the gap in the fence where the Grumblys had disappeared over a half-hour ago. Chewy’s storytelling had been quite elaborate.
“To tell you the truth,” Chewy started, showing signs of missing confidence for the first time in their conversation, “I’m not a hundred percent sure. Clearly, I didn’t make the first shot.”
Clint tilted his head thinking. This boy wasn’t quite as ridiculous as he had thought earlier. Already, Clint could no longer recall why he had ever harbored mistrustful feelings toward him.
“But you made every shot afterwards.”
“Only because I felt I had to.”
“That’s it,” Clint smiled. He had figured something out the new kid couldn’t and continued, “You told the mu…mu…”
“Mu-dang,” Chewy helped.
“Yeah, that. You told her that you wanted to do perfectly on any type of test. Any type! Maybe, if you think it’s a test, even a game of HORSE, you’ll succeed.”
Chewy crossed his arms, liking the sound of that. With the sinking sun, it was getting late and both boys began crossing the field together having realized they lived within blocks of each other. Chewy tipped his head back to the court and said, “So what’s their deal anyway?”
No one ever came to Clint for info or even felt he was worth talking to since the accident. With this sudden act of trust, he enjoyed the fast-pace their friendship was taking, giving whatever tidbits of knowledge he could.
“My parents and I moved here in the second grade, so I’m not sure about everything, but, supposedly, they are twins. This explains why they are in the sixth grade together but have different teachers.”
“Twins? They look nothing alike,” Chewy said, looking up to Clint who was about a foot taller.
“Not identical twins. They’re fraternal—or so I’m told. Fraternal twins generally look different and many times aren’t even the same gender.”
Chewy’s eyes grew bigger and Clint could tell what he was thinking.
“Both of them are boys. Even though Tom could pass for an ugly girl, he is definitely a boy. Though…also an ugly one at that.”
Through his disbelief, Chewy smirked.
“Still doesn’t explain why they’re such bullies. There’s a question I won’t mind an answer to.”
Coming to the gap in the fence, Clint eyed the sidewalk with further difficulty. Luckily, his new friend was listening attentively to every word he said, not noticing their torpid pace.
“That I can’t say,” he said, lifting a corner of his mouth up, “But Kent is the main one. He’s always been more ruthless. There’s a rumor that he buried his neighbor’s cat up to its head and then ran it over with a lawn mower.”
Clint paused, shivering at the thought of it before continuing, “Even the teachers don’t know what to do with him. Tom, on the other hand…sometimes, I think he only goes along with it because they’re brothers.”
Chewy said he kind of felt the same thing while on the court except for the punch he got.
Clint hesitated as they reached the sidewalk. It had been so long since he had any kind of relations with other students that he wasn’t sure how this was supposed to go, but, biting his lip, jumped in.
“You wanna come eat dinner at my place?”
The seconds before Chewy answered were agonizing.
“Sure,” he said.
Both boys smiled.

Chewy had never expected to make an American friend, nor one so quickly. Every day to school and back, he and Clint were by each other’s side and every evening, Chewy spent it over at Clint’s house, finally getting explanations to many culture oddities that had bothered him. For starters, Korean TV shows ran uninterrupted with commercials only coming on at the end while American TV liked to break up their programs with ads every five minutes. Clint said this was to allow adequate time to leave the couch for refills on soda, chips or to use the bathroom. Truly, America was a different country and with Clint’s help, Chewy felt his transformation into an American would soon be irreversible.
This did not mean Clint and his family weren’t subjected to many elements of Korea. Chewy had them all try certain Korean dishes, paired with the mandatory chopsticks as he himself felt more comfortable hearing their clinks at the dinner table. Clint felt he needed a new set of braces for his arms just to use them, dropping his food repeatedly onto the table. Eventually, he stabbed the food instead of going hungry.
At school, Clint was an ambassador of knowledge. Ignored as an invalid, he had his ear to the pulse of the school and, every morning, Chewy escorted Clint to the rear doors getting an earful of playground gossip.
“Susie over there,” he said, pointing to a freckled-faced blond, “Don’t talk to her too much. I know she’s in your class, but be careful. Every month she develops a new ‘crush.’”
Chewy squinted at the frolicking girl. Strange.
“There’s Keith. He’s a bit of a nose-picker so when our classes switch for science, make sure you avoid his desk.”
Chewy looked to his friend’s pale face.
“How will I know which one’s his desk?”
Clint spoke in all seriousness.
“Just look for the one with green and yellow dots all over it.”
Chewy cringed, uplifting his shoulders.
“And that’s Becky—”
“She looks nice,” Chewy said, his eyes disappearing with a smile, remembering what she had said about superheroes on his first day.
“Why would you say that?” Clint snapped.
Chewy’s eyes popped open.
“She kind of reminds me of home. Most Koreans wear glasses and except for the curly hair, she might even be able to pass as one.”
“Don’t waste your time with her. She’s…let’s just say, she can’t pass a single test.”
Chewy frowned. He knew what that felt like and soon a smile grew on his face again. Maybe he could change that. After all, wasn’t a superhero’s job to help others?
A minute later, Mr. Frank, a fourth grade teacher, checked Clint’s pass, letting him in the school and Chewy was left alone to adventure among these new people.
10


Nearing the end of their second week together, Chewy began to pick up certain details that, in the newness of their friendship, he had overlooked. The first thing being Clint consistently refused invitations to his house, never once going there. His mother had even offered a traditional Korean meal to both Clint and his family many times—despite her weak English skills and growing headaches—and a prompt but polite refusal was always given, explaining why the trip would be, well, ‘impossible’ in their words.
The mystery only deepened after realizing Clint had never fully explained why he was allowed to enter the school before everyone else in the morning and why he was never on the playground during lunch time or recess. When Chewy prodded, Clint pushed it off, blaming it on his ‘damn braces.’ But Chewy began to feel otherwise, knowing how much Clint played outside with him on the weekends. None of it added up.
And then, one day, coming out of school late again, Chewy came face to face with Clint’s problem, though the face he saw at first was the large, round and sickly white one of Tom Grumbly, standing by the school’s rear exit.
“Should’ve let him win,” he said and shuffled his body from side to side, turning toward the far right field opposite the gap in the fence.
Chewy squinted, catching only the silhouette of Kent sitting atop something that wrestled back against him. He looked back to Tom whose cheeks protruded as if full of food.
“You don’t wanna make him wait,” he said, lifting a flabby club of an arm toward the field.
Chewy sprinted out further to where the blacktop met the grass, and finally realized what he was seeing. Kent was waving to Chewy while bucking around on top of Clint who lay in a deep puddle thrashing and screaming. He had never seen Clint so wild and out of control. His screams were guttural as if encountering a ghost or a dead, rotting body.
Chewy turned back to Tom, saying, “I don’t understand. Why is he…”
His voice trailed off and Tom’s voice picked it up.
“Didn’t he tell you?”
Chewy’s face was a blank as Tom continued.
“He’s afraid of water. Crazy, right? Who’s afraid of water?”
Chewy turned and bolted out toward the two figures, his short legs thrashing against the grass, dropping his backpack mid-stride. Half a foot away, he dived at Kent who, having watched Chewy approach, ducked out of the way. Chewy flew past onto the grass, scrambled to his feet and came charging back toward the puddle. By then, Kent had leapt off Clint, dashing for the far side of the field. Chewy threw his head around finding Tom trudging after his brother and soon both were out the fence and gone.
His heavy breathing subsiding, Chewy turned back to Clint who sat in a ball, rocking back and forth, muttering to himself, his platinum hair flat with water. Chewy went over, sitting down beside him, putting his arm across his back to calm him. At first, Clint retracted like an injured animal but slowly relaxed as his breathing normalized.
“You boys okay?” came a voice from behind. Sitting with their backs to the school, they didn’t catch Mr. Frank sneaking up on them.
“Yeah. They’re gone now,” Chewy answered for the both of them, looking up at Mr. Frank’s thick, brown mustache.
“What happened out here? I heard screaming and came running as soon as possible.”
Concern lined his eyes.
“Nothing,” Clint murmured, keeping his head down, ashamed.
“Protecting them isn’t going to—”
“The Grumblys,” Chewy interrupted, “Specifically, Kent. He’s the one that sat on him in the puddle.”
Seeing the shock enter Mr. Frank’s face, Chewy realized that even he knew about Clint’s problem. And then, Mr. Frank lowered his eyebrows and nodded at Chewy.
“You’re the new kid, ahh…Hee-Chu, right?”
Chewy nodded.
“Mrs. Shapiro says good things about you. I can see why,” he said smiling and then spoke up again, “I’m going in to inform the vice principal. You guys are okay now, right?”
Both nodded and Mr. Frank retreated toward the school.
Chewy waited until he was far enough away before opening up.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Clint lowered his head more.
“I was afraid you’d look down on me.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Chewy scoffed.
“But look at what you can do,” Clint answered back in a hurt voice.
“Everyone—but me—seems to know.”
“Another reason why. Haven’t you noticed the way they all look at me?”
Thinking back, Chewy now saw the looks decrying ‘freak’ and ‘weirdo.’ Even in Korea, Chewy’s height was a burden so he well-understood Clint’s dislike of being abnormal.
“Fear of water?” Chewy said to clear the air.
Clint finally raised his head to look at his friend.
“Aquaphobia. Got it the day of the accident too, along with these bad boys.”
He tapped the dripping braces on his legs. Chewy scrunched up his nose, more curious than repulsed.
“I’ve seen you drink water.”
“In a cup, it’s fine. But in large quantities or if it touches my skin…”
He shook his head as he finished implying the horrible screaming witnessed earlier.
“So you don’t…clean yourself?” Chewy asked, sniffing the air for hints of body odor.
“No baths or showers. I wet a towel and dab myself. Even that sometimes I can’t handle. It’s also the reason why I can’t go to your house.”
Chewy looked to him, raising an eyebrow.
“Your house is across the river which means I’d have to take the bridge to get there. Going over large bodies of water tends to trip off a panic attack as well. Not to mention…”
Clint moved his eyes forward, staring at the school as if the thought had ended or overwhelmed him. Chewy waited a bit before asking.
“Not to mention what?”
“The bridge to your house—that’s where the accident happened.”
Chewy looked back to the school now too and felt an anger rise up inside him, rehashing what had happened.
“That means Kent knew about it too. He did this on purpose to get back at me.”
Clint, not wanting to be on the damp ground anymore, lifted himself up shabbily, his legs shaking. Upright, he turned to Chewy who, too, got up.
“Now that Mr. Frank’s telling the vice principal, you know what that means?”
Chewy shrugged, jogging over to his discarded backpack and Clint continued.
“It means he’s going to contact their parents and…most likely punish them.”
“So what? They have it coming,” Chewy said with little care.
“It means they’ll be coming after you again.”
Chewy smiled at Clint and placed his hand atop his high shoulder.
“Then that just means we’ve got some work to do.”
Part II
11


Chewy woke suddenly, sitting up in his bed. He had had another nightmare, and even though his mom would dismiss it along with her increasing headaches to being in a new land, Chewy felt something else was going on.
In the dream, he was playing with Clint at his house, like usual, sprawled out on the floor arguing over whether to watch an ESPN classic or switch to an action movie already in progress. Halfway through, the roof disappeared, or both boys finally realized it had never been there in the first place but continued to pay it little attention. The open sky above grew dark, and bloated clouds sank around the house. Looking up, Chewy felt the presence of the mu-dang in the air. What made it all the more strange was that each nightmare he had was exactly the same.
He shook the dream away, rolling back up in his covers, but couldn’t get back to sleep. The house creaked around him, making sounds no Korean apartment ever made. He remembered how happy they were when his father had shown them fully furnished pictures of it through the internet. All his friends back in Korea had been jealous hearing about their real house with a lawn, garage, and even a small tool shed out back.
But Chewy found none of this important anymore, thinking only of what to do about the Grumblys. And Clint was right. The day after the attack, Mrs. Vatican, the vice principal, handed down three-day suspensions to both Kent and Tom. Every student was going crazy over the news, and Chewy knew he had to do something fast, but still felt unsure how to proceed. That Becky girl’s comment kept bothering him.
At any moment, both Clint and him were in danger of retaliation, but doing something to stop it seemed counter-productive. He’d have to hurt the Grumblys more, and after all, wasn’t that what Becky had said a hero didn’t do? On the other hand, he didn’t even really know Becky and from what Clint said she may not be the best advice-giver.
He stared at his ceiling, thinking, if only there were a way to solve all his problems at once. Then, just before sleep fell back upon him, something popped into his head, and he smiled.
12


Chewy slipped into the dark classroom unnoticed. He knew Mrs. Shapiro would return shortly with her post-lunch cup of jasmine tea, so he had to move fast.
After entering, he paused, waiting for his eyes to adjust and then slinked toward the desk in the corner. He shifted her chair to the right, opening the closet just behind the desk. From there, he could easily keep an eye on the door.
Looking up into the inky black of the closet, he saw it—Mrs. Shapiro’s prize box full of suckers for perfect math scores. Chewy had had quite a few—even without his power, American math was a breeze. They went at a glacier’s pace compared to back home. And, even though the suckers were a bit childish for fifth graders, Chewy knew it was exactly what he needed for his plan.
He reached up, feeling the edge of the box with his palm, and eyed the clock in the far corner above the door. If he was going to do this, it had to be just right. And he waited until, suddenly, the lights slammed on.
Mrs. Shapiro’s short, round body sauntered in attentive to the scalding hot tea in her hand. For a second, she nearly lost herself, spotting Chewy atop the chair, but was able to set the cup down on the nearest desk spilling only a few drops along the way.
“What do you think you’re doing, Mr. Noh?”
Chewy looked to the floor like all Korean children are accustomed to when being scolded.
“I just wanted another,” he said in his most pitiful voice. Glancing upward, he saw her, arms akimbo, glaring at him. It seemed to be working.
“But I gave you one earlier…after you did so well on the multiples of nine. I…I was hoping…” she put her head down for a second, rubbing the bridge of her nose either out of stress or disappointment and then continued, “Maybe it was too much to ask. For all I know, maybe your country doesn’t even have sweets. You just couldn’t help yourself.”
Hearing this, Chewy snapped. His country not having candy! Was she off her rocker? They had jellies and cookies and ice cream and choco-pies and a million other delicious treats. It was bad enough when another student said such ridiculous comments, but a teacher—a teacher!
“Maybe your country has too much,” he said, looking directly at Mrs. Shapiro’s extended waistband on her pants.
“Excuse me, young man,” she said, the red building in her otherwise kind face, “You get down from there this instant. You’re going to have a talk with the vice principal.”
He stepped down carefully, still holding the container of suckers. Placing it on the desk, he deftly slid one up his long-sleeve shirt. He was ad-libbing and knew Clint wouldn’t approve.
Then Mrs. Shapiro grabbed the back of his shirt like a lioness her cub and dragged him outside. As she was a good foot taller, he found himself lagging a half step behind, dancing on his tiptoes to keep up.
Thus began their long parade down the hall decorated with posters for the fall festival. To their right, the rest of his class was lined up as recess came to a close. They all spotted him in Mrs. Shapiro’s clutches and the halls erupted in chanting.
“Chewy! Chewy! Chewy!”
Having been on the giving side before, he knew his fellow classmates did this with a mix of admiration and criticism. How could he be so foolish to get caught, certain faces said. But, at that moment, he was searching for one face in particular. When he finally found it, everything made sense, and he swung his arm letting the sucker in his sleeve fly.
13


Pushing into Mrs. Tyson’s class for science, Susie made her way to the far seat next to the window, but every stray thought kept returning to what had happened in the hall right after lunch. Chewy wasn’t like the others. She finally saw that and was frustrated with her classmates who, at that moment, scrambled for any seat but Keith’s.
They just didn’t understand him. She could see that and began smoothing out the wrinkles in her lacy dress, her golden locks shimmering down the ruffled back. She was one of the only girls in the grade that still enjoyed wearing anything girlish like a dress or skirt.
Becky and her curly hair dropped to the seat in front of her, hanging a purple, flower-patched Reebok backpack from the chair.
"Becky, what did I say about too many flowers," said Susie, pushing a blond strand behind her ear, happy she wasn't stuck with curls.
Becky nodded sheepishly, pulling out her book. Susie leaned forward, her mouth behind Becky's ear.
“You will be glad to know I've moved on."
Becky flipped the cover of her book open. They were both friends—or at least next-door neighbors since as far back as both could remember.
"You’re done with Paul then?" Becky squeaked as if withholding a secret.
Hearing this name, Susie batted her long eyelashes in disbelief. She had already begun to use trace amounts of eye-liner unbeknownst to her parents or teachers.
"Paul is a caveman. There's nothing going on inside him. I need a rich inner life as well as a rich outer life."
Becky hummed her assent and looked up to the blackboard. Susie leaned in closer, her voice coming across in a breathy whisper.
"I’ll let you guess who the new one is?"
Her body was hanging over her desk when Mrs. Tyson entered.
"Everyone take your seats. That includes you, Susie," she said.
Susie sat erect in her chair, her white chin high, and said, "I wasn't doing anything, Mrs. Tyson."
The teacher narrowed her eyes at her before moving on.
Opening her book, Susie leaned over again with an eye on Mrs. Tyson.
"He's courageous, insightful, and, of course…new," she said, drawing out the word 'new' for emphasis.
"Chewy?" said Becky, her hand going to her pocket.
Susie huffed in disgust, saying, "Him! How could you image I liked him? What is wrong with you?"
She sat upright, her head level to the board and whatever it was Mrs. Tyson was going on about. Becky looked down, muttering, "He seems okay, though."
"Okay!?" Susie snorted, the freckles under her eyes shifting, "You heard what the others said. He was probably routing through Mrs. Shapiro's purse. He's not in class right now because Vatican's ripping his head off. Does that seem 'okay' to you? My oldest friend thinks I would fall in love with that?"
Becky shrugged her shoulders, lowering her head more.
Susie kicked her chair.
"What did I say about slouching?"
Becky sat upright, imitating Susie's posture with a whimper of an apology.
"Now, spit it out," Susie commanded.
With Mrs. Tyson at the board, her back to the class, Becky glanced backwards, "Spit what out?"
"I was testing you, Becky. I was seeing if we were true friends. Sadly, you failed. You're not telling me the truth. There are no secrets between true friends."
Susie waited just long enough for her reprimand to sink in before pushing Becky's face back toward the front of the class and continued, "I saw Chewy throw that sucker to you."
Becky's eyes widened.
"But you were at the front of the line. I just thought..."
"You just thought your 'oldest friend' wasn't perceptive. I see and understand things you don't, Becky. That's why you’re so lucky to have me."
Becky began lowering her head again, receiving a second posture-straightening kick.
"So the question is why would Chewy do such a thing? Well, clearly, he sees you need help just as much as I do. That's why we'd be perfect for each other."
"You just said he was a theif!"
Mrs. Tyson swung her head back to their corner.
"Is there something going on back there?"
"No, Mrs. Tyson," Susie sang with a smile, "Becky sneezed. That's all."
Mrs. Tyson looked to Becky who nodded and returned her attention to the board.
"He threw that sucker to you—you! That means he wasn't in there to steal any purses or answers to next week’s social studies test. He was trying to do something valiant. This shows a strong moral compass and a great inner life."
Susie dropped her head into her hands, dreamily looking upwards as if Chewy’s face were before hers, though, in reality, with his height, she’d most likely have to look down. She was one of the taller girls, even while sitting.
“This explains why he’s always with the crippled kid.”
Becky wrinkled her brow.
“You mean Clint?”
“His name doesn’t matter. What matters is Chewy’s reaching out to the world to make it a better place. A boy after my own heart.”
Susie could see Becky was about to voice a complaint so held her foot up ready to punish her. Best friends didn’t contradict each other. Instead, Becky questioned what they had to do next. Susie lowered her leg, answering.
“That’s easy. He’s noticed you because of the horrible position you’re in. Why do you think I talk to you?” saying this, Susie tapped Becky on the shoulder for emphasis and to make sure she stayed quiet until Susie was done. “But I’m harder to see in that respect. So, I’ll have to do something big to get his attention.”
“What?”
Susie scoffed at the simplicity of Becky’s mind before sitting up straight at the turn of Mrs. Tyson’s head. Keeping her back stiff, she muttered through stiff lips.
“He destroyed his reputation to save you. So, naturally, I will restore it.”
She smiled for the rest of class, half-planning, half-dreaming of the day she’d reveal her gift to Chewy. He’d be so grateful.
14


Chewy saw Clint seated on his padded bench in front of the principal’s office. He had to fight back his laughter seeing the worried look on his face.
“Wait here,” said Mrs. Shapiro, dropping Chewy next to Clint, “I need to talk to her secretary and then we’ll see what we can do about you.”
She turned to the office where a brunette sat behind a desk of computers, phones and packed upright folders. The back wall was lined with filing cabinets that blocked the lower portion of the windows casting an eerie darkness within. After Mrs. Shapiro entered, only the tone of her voice reached them.
“Speak through clenched teeth,” Chewy said, stiff-lipped, his stare on Mrs. Shapiro’s back.
Clint nodded and said, “What’d you do?”
Chewy hadn’t told Clint how he was planning to get into the vice principal’s office, saying only to leave it up to him. Besides, Clint would have never agreed to it.
“Robbed her prize box,” he answered, nonchalantly.
“What?” Clint said, nearly falling from his seat, “You couldn’t have done something…subtler?”
“It’s the quickest way in there.”
Mrs. Vatican’s office held the school records. And those records were the key—not only could they offer Chewy insight to the Grumblys’ way of life, but also provide information to ward off another attack, if not afford them a little revenge.
Clint coughed to lower his voice.
“As you know, to get a copy of the Grumblys’ records, access to the records room would be best.”
Chewy looked at him with lowered eyebrows. There was something Clint wasn’t telling him.
“Because of this, being sent to Vatican’s office is the most likely way to go about it,” Clint restarted, “However maybe you should’ve found a less ‘offensive’ route, in case things didn’t work out accordingly.”
“Spit it out,” Chewy said matter-of-factly.
Clint exhaled deeply and proceeded.
“Vatican’s out sick today.”
Chewy spun on him.
“What?”
Clint hushed him up and pushed his face back to the fall festival sign-up sheets hanging on the office door. The two women inside seemingly noticed nothing.
“I would’ve told you earlier, but I didn’t know until I came here after lunch. By then it was too late.”
“So now what?” he said, glancing over in Clint’s direction, spotting the dents in his braces from the attack a week earlier.
“I’ve been thinking,” Clint started, shifting in his seat to readjust his legs that often felt cramped, “This means you’re most likely going to see Principal Langdon.”
“Langdon,” snorted Chewy, echoing his friend. He could already see him sitting with his balding head and puffed out stomach testing the limits of his faded, gray jacket while talking to Chewy over his cluttered, unorganized desk. All of this came back to him from his first day when Mr. Langdon had given Chewy a tour of the school. “I guess it won’t be too hard now. Langdon’s a pushover compared to Vatican.”
“There’s more though,” Clint said, raising a finger.
Chewy wondered how things could get any worse.
“I’ve been to see Langdon before,” Clint said, referencing his legs with a nod.
Chewy shrugged his shoulders with a ‘so-what?’
“So I know his office is a dead-end. His computer must date back to before we were born. There’s no way he has access to anything of interest to us. No matter what your power can do, it can’t make miracles happen.”
Chewy dropped his head, wondering if this setback would ruin everything. Truthfully, he had no idea what he was going to do anyways once he got himself in to Mrs. Vatican’s office. It’s not like she was just going to print out a copy of the Grumblys’ records or anything.
“For a second, I thought I was going to have an easy day,” Chewy grumbled. Before he could confirm anything else with Clint, Mrs. Shapiro waddled back through the door, stopping to reset her arms on her waist.
“Did I say you two could talk?” she inquired and before getting an answer, continued, “Mrs. Vatican is out for the day so Principal Langdon will see you.”
She stepped to the side insinuating the door to her left. Chewy stood slowly, looked back at Clint’s pale face and paler hair and then, sighing, marched forward. At the door, he nodded sorrowfully to Mrs. Shapiro, and she pointed to the office beside her.
“Go on in.”
He looked back, seeing Clint’s crushed face, and went in.
Shutting the door, he saw Mr. Langdon, bulgy and gray as expected with hair puffed out at the sides. Mr. Langdon stared at a large monitor as Chewy entered, not really paying attention. After about a second of thought, he pointed to a chair and laced his fingers atop the desk.
“So,” he started as if trying to recall what Chewy was called in for or even who he was. Chewy watched with lifted eyebrows and Mr. Langdon continued.
“I hear you’ve gotten yourself into some trouble.”
Chewy nodded and looked down to the floor. He had a feeling this was not going to be very exciting or helpful. Maybe Clint was right after all. He wasn’t going to get through this one so easily. Mr. Langdon’s voice drew his head up from the floor.
“Now, young man,” he said before lowering his tone to sound more authoritative, “That’s not how we do things here in America. Do you understand?”
Chewy nodded again but Chewy’s brain had lost interest. His eyes were locked onto the only orderly item on the desk: a hall pass stamp. The rest of the desk had scattered paperclips, pens and sheets of paper looking like a mini-tornado had run through. The hall pass stamp, however, seemed to stick out. Mr Langdon trailed on without a word reaching Chewy’s ears.
“Maybe this kind of thing was okay in your home country, but, here, in America, we don’t look to well upon…whatever you did.”
Chewy looked up briefly, believing something important was said, and was trying to piece it together when the phone off to Langdon’s left rang, a red button atop blinking.
Mr. Langdon looked at it with a wrinkled brow and raised his finger telling Chewy to hold on. Answering the phone, he knocked the stamp to the floor. Chewy peered down at it, at what had grabbed his attention, and everything clicked into place.
15


Through the last two classes of the day, Susie watched Chewy in his seat after he had returned from Langdon’s office. Helping him was going to be difficult. If she relied on his absolute perfect test scores, this could cause a backlash in certain less ‘academic’ circles, like the sport-crazy kids. And playing the foreigner card would’ve worked a month ago. He was too old now to rely on his ‘uniqueness.’ Finally, she realized she had to focus on the act itself, the thing he did that had tarnished his image. Leaving school, she was ready.
She caught sight of Patti, a red-head from the other fifth grade class. She was a close enough friend of Susie’s and most importantly had many contacts in other grades, namely, her three sisters, each a year apart and all with their own cell phones. Patti questioned what this was all about when Susie pulled her aside.
“I take it you heard what Chewy did?” said Susie, her blue eyes wide.
Patti shrugged an “old news,” and was about to walk away when Susie continued.
“Let’s just say I know what he was really doing in Mrs. Shapiro’s classroom.”
Patti stopped abruptly at this tidbit, raising an eyebrow for more.
Before she did, Susie sauntered over to a nearby tree, Patti following, and then looked up as if unsure of herself.
“I don’t know if I should even say this…”
Her lips pouted outward.
Patti raised both eyebrows now in interest, “You know I’m trustworthy. No one even knows it was you in the bathroom that day.”
Susie’s eyes narrowed for an instant at the mention of it, but she pushed it aside to stay on track.
“Well, he actually went in there to help one of the less fortunate students in the school.”
“Less fortunate—in what way?”
“Let me explain to you what I saw. While Mrs. Shapiro dragged Chewy away, he threw something to another classmate.”
“He threw a punch? Come on. Give me specifics,” Patti begged, leaning in.
“If you must know, it was a sucker, one of Mrs. Shapiro’s suckers for the times table tests.”
This time Patti narrowed her eyes in distrust.
“That makes no sense. It’s common school knowledge that Chewy aces all his tests. Why would he steal—” Patti paused as things came together in her head, “He wasn’t stealing it for himself.”
A thin, bright red smile appeared on Susie’s face. Patti continued.
“Do you have any idea who it was for?”
“As a matter of fact, I do. It was for Becky,” she stated triumphantly.
Patti scrunched her face up as if hearing a swear word.
“Her?!”
Something inside Susie cringed at the disgust in Patti’s voice and for a second her confidence faltered.
“She’s really not that bad,” Susie muttered almost as if an apology were needed.
“What’s her deal with all those flowers?” Patti said, not hearing Susie’s comment. Before she could continue her rant, Susie pushed Patti around to the door to catch Chewy marching out of school, the clanks of Clint chasing after him reaching their ears.
“What does he see in that cripple?” Patti blurted out.
“His name’s Clint,” she said, waving at them. But getting no response, she turned heavy-hearted back to Patti, “And he’s the key to all of it.”
A shocked look stretched across Patti’s face.
“How do you figure?”
“First Clint, a boy disabled physically and mentally from a car accident; then Becky, a girl who, though having some redeeming traits, is, well, you know,” she said, tossing her shoulders up for effect.
“They’re charity cases?”
Susie bobbed her head back and forth to mean as much.
Patti looked up as if searching her memory and then spoke.
“Now that I think of it, they do say he saved the cripple from the Grumblys last week.”
“His name is Clint.”
“Whatever. My point is you may be on to something here. He saves…”
Patti spun her finger, trying to remember the name.
“Clint!”
“Yes, him. And then he steals from Mrs. Shapiro only to give it to Becky. He’s like a…a…Grover Elementary Robin Hood.”
Susie exhaled deeply and smiled. It took a bit but eventually it came out, more or less, how she had hoped. Within a day, the news would spread.
Then, turning to leave, they heard something and, looking to the gap in the fence, both found it hard to speak. And Susie set off toward the school full speed, leaving a very flustered Patti behind.
16


Clint wasted no time getting to the point as soon as Chewy left the school’s back door heading for home. By now, the rear schoolyard was nearly empty.
“What took you so long?” Clint heaved at him, already out of breath, crossing the pavement toward the grassy backfield.
Clint was about to repeat his question when a smile spread across Chewy’s face, his eyes disappearing.
“I got it,” he said, bouncing up and down as if dancing.
Clint’s eyes grew big.
“But how? I mean Langdon—”
Chewy patted Clint on the back to calm him before stepping onto the grass. Even though the field was easier with more traction, it didn’t offer Clint any less difficulty. He began lifting and flopping his legs mechanically, splitting his focus between walking and whatever Chewy might say next.
“First, let me say you’re looking at a free man!”
“You’re kidding!” Clint said, looking down to him in shock.
“Langdon said it was my first offense and a severe warning would suffice. Lucky, no?”
Clint shook his head in disbelief as Chewy continued.
“As for our other problem…I know it didn’t work according to plan,” he hesitated, an eyebrow slipping upward,’ “But I got what we needed—somewhat.”
“Somewhat?” Clint said, stopping to face his friend. Even with his damaged legs, Clint was taller than Chewy and had to look down at his face.
“Alright, so he started condescending to me, telling me ‘that’s not how we do things here in America, that maybe it was okay in your country’ kind of speech.”
Clint’s mouth fell flat, staring at him. Already, he sensed one of Chewy’s less admirable traits sneaking in.
“You controlled yourself, yes?” he said with a worried tone.
Chewy put up his hands with a smile.
“Don’t worry, I was only half-listening. If I had actually been paying attention, who knows what I would’ve done. Probably have gotten myself expelled or something. But that’s not what happened.”
Clint relaxed and began struggling with the ground again, the opening in the fence creeping closer. Chewy continued.
“Every time I looked up, there were his monster-like eyes glaring down at me. So I just kept focusing on this stamp in front of me.”
Clint smiled. Chewy had told him how most Korean children found Westerners’ eyes with all their different greens and blues scary, almost monstrous. Why would monsters have pretty eyes?
“So then how did you get the files?”
“I didn’t,” he said, not looking to see his friend’s reaction, “While answering a phone call, he accidentally knocked the stamp to the floor. Seeing my chance, I picked it up and gave it back to him.”
“That doesn’t help us at all!” Clint said, throwing up his arms.
“But you see,” Chewy said, lifting up his right hand, “When I picked it up, I made sure to smush it extra hard into my palm. You can read it clear as day.”
Clint looked at the extended hand and saw he was telling the truth. Every little detail of the stamp was precise and easy to read.
Clint glared at his friend, eyes wide. None of it made sense.
“How does that have anything to do with getting the records we want?”
“Easy. Using this pass, I’ll get into the school early tomorrow. You said it yourself that the records office is unattended for the better half of the morning.”
Chewy was right, for the most part. Though the office wasn’t actually unattended for quite that long, this route seemed to have a higher chance of success. Clint smiled before another problem presented itself.
“But it’s not on a slip. No teacher is going to let you enter the school with the principal’s stamp on your palm.”
Chewy brushed this concern away with a wave of his hand.
“I’ve seen them do it on TV shows all the time. One person gets a stamp to go into a bar or club or something and then they lick it to remoisten it and stamp it on a friend’s hand.”
Clint sighed.
“Chewy, that only works if the design is symmetrical.”
Chewy looked at him confused, wondering what this had to do with anything.
“When we reapply your stamp to a piece of paper, the stamp is going to be backwards, including all the words.”
This time Chewy threw up his shoulders, although with his short stature, it was hard to tell.
“Backwards, forwards—it doesn’t matter. As soon as any teacher sees the principal’s red ink on a yellow piece of paper, they wave you through.”
Clint had to agree with him on this point. Every time he flashed his own pass to get out of recess, no teacher ever cared what the thing looked like. Then something else popped into his head.
“What if you sweat, won’t the stamp wear off?”
Chewy smiled again and waved it away.
“When do I ever sweat in America? This place is freezing. Does it ever get hot around here?”
“Wait till next summer,” Clint said matter-of-factly.
“Then all we have to worry about is not getting my hand wet.”
Clint cringed at the thought, and Chewy put his arm around him, the one without the stamp.
“Don’t worry. We’re not getting anywhere near any water,” he said.
Walking through the gate, Clint froze seeing Tom Grumbly in front of them, grinning. Looking to the side, he saw Chewy for a second before both were thrown to the ground from behind.
17


Chewy caught himself, hitting the dry, brittle grass just outside the fence. Clint moaned somewhere off to his side, and then hearing a scuffle from behind, he scrambled to his feet. Kent stood over them, holding Chewy’s backpack up out of reach.
“Looks like not everything’s so easy for you, short stuff?” Kent said.
Chewy looked back to Clint flopping around to right himself, but his stiff legs proved difficult, and Chewy grabbed his arm, hoping to run off.
“Not so fast,” squeaked Tom, his large shadow falling over them.
“Better leave Stilts out of this,” Kent said, nodding, “You saw what happened last time we picked on a cripple.”
Kent lunged at Clint, causing him to flinch, and then began laughing, the small dark hairs on his upper lip pulled tight. Chewy stiffened his face, eyeing his bag.
“If I can’t get to the backpack,” he said, punching Kent in the stomach, “Make the backpack come to me.”
It dropped at Chewy’s feet and Kent, cradling his stomach, waved the egg-shaped Tom over. Chewy ducked a beefy arm sliding closer to the sidewalk where brown-spotted apples lay strewn about from a pair of nearby trees. Chewy punted a riper one at Tom that bounced off his shoulder, spraying mushed apple everywhere. Tom batted his head around, startled before brushing loose chunks from his jiggling cheeks. Luckily, he kept his hair short so had little to clean up.
“You’re only wasting time,” Kent said, finally righting himself, and picked up Chewy’s bag again, unzipping it. His unmoving eyes watched Chewy as he tipped the bag over, spilling pencils, books, and notebooks out. Chewy lunged forward as if to prevent it but found himself snared in Tom’s gray sweatered grasp and the wiggling folds of fat beneath. For the first time in America, Chewy didn’t feel so cold.
Kent stared at the mess before sauntering over to the immobilized Chewy, dropping the empty bag.
“Where is it?” he asked, crouching to look Chewy in the eyes.
Chewy shook his head unsure of what he meant.
“Someone told me you’ve been stealing tests. Thought I might investigate on my own. You know—get a little pay back for last week,” he said.
“Not my fault,” Chewy said, trying to heave enough air into his lungs against Tom’s bear grip, “If you had left Clint alone—”
Suddenly Tom’s grasp tightened and Chewy found it even harder to breath, no less finish his sentence.
“Oh, I see now,” Kent said, brazening a finger toward Clint, “You two hang out on account of both being handicapped and all. He with his legs and head problem. You with your munchkin-like height.”
Kent stood up straight. He hadn’t quite yet gotten the reaction he was looking for, so added, “I guess it’s not your fault though, coming from a country filled with midgets. You must be the tallest one of the lot, eh?”
Chewy’s face filled with blood. He wanted to jump on Kent’s back and ride him like a bronco, and struggled in Tom’s grip, getting an inch or two more breathing room. Seeing this, Kent laughed.
“If you didn’t steal any tests,” he said, lowering himself down again to look Chewy in the face, “Then I wonder if there is a way for us to find out what you were really doing in there.”
Kent lifted a particularly brown apple, holding it near Chewy’s face. Chewy knew with a quick slide to the left, he’d be able to free his right arm to push it away, but if he did, the stamp would be destroyed. With no other options, he steeled himself for whatever would come next.
“Suit yourself,” Kent said, shoving the apple against Chewy’s nose and mouth, cutting off his oxygen. His lungs began to burn instantly, not being as prepared as he had hoped. He felt rivulets of juice run down his chin, tasting only rotten apple. His eyes bulged for air, and caught Kent’s smirk a moment before a red backpack exploded across his face. Kent collapsed to the ground, and Chewy saw Clint standing above him with a torn-open bag. Textbooks, pencils and notebooks were scattered about, and Tom dropped Chewy, not knowing what to do.
Getting air back, Chewy stumbled a bit, coughing, before turning to his friend, between gasps.
“Thanks.”
Clint smiled.
From the ground, Kent looked up at them, blood trickling from his nose, and then his eyes narrowed as if spotting something he didn’t like far away.
“Let’s go,” he said, jumping to his feet.
“My stuff!” Tom bellowed, trying his best to bend over without falling. He grabbed a book here and there before noticing his brother half a block down and ran off to catch up.
Chewy looked back to see Mr. Frank standing mid-field. Having seen the Grumblys run off, he turned to the school with an occasional over-the-shoulder glance.
“He’s probably patrolling the lot every day now,” Chewy said, not wanting to say much more. He didn’t know if Clint wanted to talk about it all quite yet, so moved on to the mess before them. “Can you help me pick this stuff up? I seem to have only one working hand.”
Clint smiled seeing the stamp still red and concise on Chewy’s palm. Nothing had happened to it and he chuckled.
“What’s so funny?” Chewy asked tossing a book into the backpack Clint held open.
“When doesn’t your power help you?”
Chewy looked at Clint in the eyes.
“That?” Chewy said, referring to Kent and Tom, “My power had nothing to do with it. If not for you, I’d be breathing applesauce now. You know more than anyone, my power only works when I think it’s a test, and that wasn’t a test. It was an ambush.”
Chewy dropped the last book in, taking the bag from Clint and tossed it onto his shoulders. He bounced a bit for positioning and began walking.
“But that’s what I mean,” Clint said, staring at the sidewalk edges like delicate hurdles, “Maybe all of us are a part of it. If it wasn’t for your power, I would’ve never confronted you in the first place and we’d never have become friends.”
Chewy reached up, patting Clint on the shoulder and said, “The way I see it, it’s like those guys who travel through time. When they end up meeting themselves, divulging info to alter historical events, they only find out the future always turns out the same.”
“What are you saying?”
“I don’t think it ever mattered what I did. The Grumblys and I were bound to cross paths at some point. And you and I were bound to be friends.”
18


“Mom, I’m home,” Chewy yelled in Korean, launching his backpack into his room, and tried calling his mom again before getting a faint whispering response. He walked the long hallway to his mother’s cracked bedroom door and peeked in.
She was laid out in bed wearing nothing but her aqua nightgown, arms and legs opened as if failing to make a snow angel. Sweat gathered atop her forehead above half-closed eyes. Unlike Chewy, her eyes were normally large, mysterious and alluring in their chestnut hue. Chewy had his dad to thank for his near-absent ones.
She waved him over with a thin, limp wrist.
Coming closer, he saw her skin was sallow and looked damp. Chewy slowed his pace, asking, “You okay?
His mom did what she could, trying to pull herself up, her arms shaking, but slid back down onto the pillow, whispering, “Just a little sick.”
She paused to swallow hard and Chewy grabbed a glass of water from the night table, pushing the straw into her mouth. After two hard swallows, she spoke up again.
“With all the stress and feelings of homesickness, maybe I came down with something.”
She smiled to allay his worries. Chewy knew she felt his life was a thousand times more stressful than hers and that she’d hide her own before ever admitting it. She stretched an arm around him and rubbed his back, a weak smile coming to her pale, thin lips.
She patted him on the butt, saying she needed some rest before getting dinner ready. However, since her headaches had started, that night would be yet another night of delivery food.
“I got some work to do too,” Chewy said, fingers playing with the bedspread, “You mind if I use the phone to call Clint later.”
“Go right ahead,” she said, nodding to the cellphone on the nightstand. Though many of his classmates had their own, Chewy didn’t, but his mom had promised he’d get one next semester. He didn’t find it too bothersome as Clint’s parents were dead set against him ever getting one, even in his condition.
Chewy took the phone and returned to his room. Though she looked weak with her svelte Asian body, she had always been the strong one in the family and so little concerns took shape in his head.
Leaving this behind, he closed his door, immediately calling Clint. His mother answered and soon put her son on the line. Clint wasted no time with opening banter.
“I think we need to review for tomorrow.”
Chewy faux-giggled into the phone to disarm Clint’s seriousness and, with the phone cradled between head and shoulder, unzipped his bag, spreading the books on his desk. The whole time his right hand lay stamp-side up waiting like an injured limb.
“Let’s get this stamp off me first. I need my arm back,” Chewy said, shuffling books around, pulling out the yellow sheet Clint had given him earlier. He looked from his palm to the paper, imagining it in his head, closed his eyes toward the ceiling and said, “Here goes.”
He brought his hand up, setting his tongue down gently across the red ink, making sure not to fidget or else everything would be ruined. Then, he slammed his hand down flat on the yellow paper before him, screaming into the phone at his shoulder, “Oh my God!”
“What happened? Is it destroyed? Is it smeared?” Clint frantically replied.
For a couple of seconds, Chewy coughed deeply before finally saying, “No. The stamp came out perfect. Looks better than yours, except for being backwards.”
“Then what was that all about?”
“I had to lick the ink to remoisten it and…aghh! I’ve never tasted something so nasty.”
“I have,” Clint said with a mocking tone.
Chewy knew exactly what Clint was referring to.
“Kimchi is delicious. It’s not my fault your family can’t handle it.”
“It’s spicy lettuce. Don’t be so proud!”
Had anyone else said it, Chewy might have launched back with an attack. It was one thing to make a personal insult about Chewy regarding his height, eyes, or penchant to giggle at the word ‘panties’ which meant both male and female underwear in Korean, but his country was off-limits. Like other Koreans, he was hypersensitive about his nation’s image. But, when it came to Clint, he overlooked it.
“I see your point,” he said, smiling, recalling how Clint had almost fallen out of his chair when he had brought kimchi to Clint’s house for dinner the first time. Clint’s parents tried it and grinned, but Chewy knew they were placating him.
He placed the hall pass near the window to dry and saw something out of place before him.
“I have an extra red notebook here. This yours?”
Clint murmured a ‘no’ over the phone, impatient to get back on track. Not caring, Chewy dropped the notebook to the floor and moved on.
“Run through it with me quick then. What do you know about tomorrow?”
Clint coughed drawing a professional tone to his voice.
“Most days, Vatican comes in at roughly eight thirty-five, followed by her secretary a couple of minutes later. Once Vatican is in her office, she never leaves, but the secretary exits shortly before class starts. So, you need to get in there, get the Grumblys’ files and get out before either of them come.”
“How much time is that?”
There was silence while Clint calculated.
“I’d say five minutes, give or take.”
“A breeze,” Chewy said, tossing his arm dramatically as if Clint could see what he was doing.
“Don’t get too cocky,” Clint jutted in, “Walking by it today, I saw the records office runs on a line printer. Vatican must have a laser-printer in her office for the more important files.”
Chewy stuck out his lips before saying, “So what does this mean to me?”
“It means the records’ printer will take time, not only with the printing but with ripping it off from the feed. No dilly-dallying.”
“When do I dilly-dally?”
The line sat silent in protest.
“Alright, I won’t. I promise.”
Clint coughed as way of apology before Chewy started up again.
“How’d it feel smacking Kent across the face with Tom’s backpack?”
Chewy could sense Clint’s happiness before he spoke.
“It felt good, but,” his voice hesitated as if reviewing past events, “Still feels like it’s not enough. It’ll never be enough for what he did to me.”
Hearing this, Chewy couldn’t help but think of that Becky girl and wondered if using his power to help his friend was the best choice or not.
19


The morning brought dew to the grass outside Chewy’s house, but his mother hadn’t moved. He brought her more water, wondering if he should stay. She pushed him away, however, telling him to get everything he could out of his time in America. Suck it up—every single moment. She swore she’d be okay.
Thoughts of his mom hung on him for only a block or two till he caught up with Clint waiting outside his house for their daily walk to school. He decided not to mention it. His mom would be fine and the detail-obsessed Clint soon distracted him.
“It’d be best if we entered on the kiddie side of the school,” Clint commanded, flopping his legs as near to a march as he could get. Chewy strode beside him looking up, listening. Clint ran over everything again from the night before, finishing only as they entered the backfield.
Pointing off to his right, Clint continued, “That’s Mrs. Burmeister’s side of the school. Having only ever dealt with second graders or younger, she most likely won’t question your pass too thoroughly.”
Chewy smiled placing his hand atop his friend’s shoulder again. If his power was responsible for bringing Clint into his life, he had to admit, it had done the right thing. Clint had very little ego compared to other fifth graders and was a plethora of knowledge. Chewy felt if he had Clint’s observation skills, he might never have needed the mu-dang’s power to pass tests in the first place. In that case, the gift of flying would’ve been a sweet second.
“Are you listening?” Clint snapped.
Chewy nodded, refocusing on Clint’s voice from his dreams in the sky.
“When we get up to her, keep your face down. You’re my best friend and all, but you stick out like a sore thumb.”
“Got it.”
Mrs. Burmeister’s thin, youthful shape in a long, flowery brown and green mess came into view as they stepped to the blacktop. A flock of first graders were jumping around her as she picked the next students to be ‘it’ in a game of freeze-tag. She began counting and the children scattered, leaving two boys and a girl with their eyes covered at her side. Soon they were off and running too as Chewy and Clint approached.
“Good morning, boys,” she said in a sugary voice that was not used to reprimanding.
Chewy was about to bow but felt Clint’s hand reel him in, having already anticipated the slip.
“Didn’t know I was that predictable?” he whispered out the side of his mouth.
“You do it every time my parents come into a room. How could I not notice?” Clint whispered back, then, lifted his platinum-haired head to Mrs. Burmeister, saying, “Good morning.”
Chewy did the same and both presented their passes. Like Clint had said, Mrs. Burmeister just smiled and waved a hand to the door.
“Make sure it closes behind you. We can’t have anyone else sneaking in. Thanks boys.”
She turned, her cheeks red from smiling, and rejoined the children scrimmaging about the blacktop, dashing through sandboxes and hiding behind swing sets.
Clint exhaled heavily.
“See—a breeze,” Chewy said.
“You don’t worry enough,” Clint answered back, lurching toward the door, “And that wasn’t the hardest part. I was worrying about the next step.”
They entered the school, shuffling quickly down a dim hall of orange lockers to the front. Clint’s feet squeaked and clanked, masking whatever extra noise the two might make. Coming to the corner, Clint hobbled to his bench, giving commands.
“You go. I’ll stay here as lookout. If anything happens, I’ll try to stall but I can’t guarantee anything.”
Chewy tossed his bag by Clint’s side, smiled and skipped down the rest of the hall to the records office. What could go wrong? They were there early. The front door of the office was wide open with the lights off. No one would be the wiser.
Chewy stopped at the door to the office, looking at the fall festival sign-up sheet. Getting the Grumblys’ records was more long-term insurance. But remembering Clint’s vengeful words from the night before, Chewy wanted to give his friend something a little more immediate. He turned to Clint down the hall and shouted.
“Think we should put some names down for the festival?”
Clint looked at him bug-eyed, believing Chewy’s voice echoed throughout the school. He responded with a whisper but wanted to be much, much louder.
“What are you doing?”
“I think Kent’s a good fit for the dunk tank, don’t you?”
Chewy took a pen from his pocket and wrote down Kent’s name, smiling at the image of Kent getting drenched for a change. He looked back to Clint whose angry face mouthed the word ‘dilly-dally.’
Chewy waved an exaggerated hand and, with a smirk, sauntered into the office.

What was his problem? At a time like this, still playing games! Clint grabbed the bottom of the worn cushion he sat upon, rocking back and forth. Surprisingly, this action rarely soothed him but he felt he had to do something, craning his neck left and right at the slightest sound.
Maybe Chewy had to think of it that way. By having his mind put it in terms of a game that meant there were a winner and loser. His power would have to then push him into the winner category. Clint hoped this was the way it worked. Otherwise, Chewy was taking too big of risks.
He threw his head toward the office at the sound of a printer and then looked at the clock. Mrs. Vatican, if she were coming today, would be here soon. At least, the printer meant he was almost done.
“Got it?”
“Almost. This printer is old!”
Chewy’s voice rose with the word ‘old’, drawing a hushing sound from Clint. And then, he heard it.
From the left side of the corridor came the click of high heels. Mrs. Vatican was here, and there was no time to warn Chewy formally, so Clint faced the end of the hall and when she turned the corner, called out to her.
“Good morning Mrs. Vatican.”
The gray-suited body stopped mid-hall at the overly loud welcome.
“Are you okay, Clint?” she said back, tipping her gray hair up in a tight bun.
Clint bowed his head in apology for the loudness and she proceeded into the office, flicking on the lights.
Clint felt his heart would burst, thinking a shriek or thunderous scream was imminent. Instead, a door slammed and he let out his held breath. Chewy had gone unseen somehow. Now he had to get out.
“Hurry up!” Clint whispered strongly.
“Yeah, yeah!”
“Wait!” Clint warned back.
A new set of heels clicked toward him, this time from the right. Lifting his head, he saw the brunette secretary turn the corner. Crap! She’s early. Clint looked back at the office and then to the brunette and did the only thing he could think of.
“Good morning, brown hair office woman.”
The woman stopped in front of him, squinting and, after moments of scrutiny, smiled, issuing her own welcome before continuing on to the office. Clint figured, seeing his legs and strangely white hair and the fact that he was out on this bench every day, she probably pegged him as mentally handicapped or something. He didn’t blame her. His welcome was a bit peculiar.
With her in the office now, he gritted his teeth, but nothing came. What had Chewy done? With the filing cabinets against the wall, there were no windows to escape out of. Before his thinking could go further, the bell rang, launching Clint to his squeaky feet.
He picked up his bag and Chewy’s and approached the office on his way to class. He slowed at the door, stepping with ease to hide his braces’ clatter and perused the office.
The brunette, once again, had her head down to the computer, her fingers clicking away at the keys. Clint’s eyes darted left and right. All sides of the room lacked hiding places, unless Chewy was daring enough to sneak into Vatican’s office, which would have drawn attention to his presence immediately. He scanned the office again before noticing the gap behind a small bookcase in front of the desk that showed the floor. There he saw Chewy’s black hair. He was hiding beneath the desk, right next to the secretary’s feet!
Not wanting to alert the secretary, Clint moved on. Only the smallest boy in the fifth grade class would’ve been able to pull off such a feat and Clint relaxed. Chewy had done it again. All he had to do now was wait. Eventually, the secretary would leave for her cup of morning coffee. He just hoped it was before class started.
Clint turned the corner, believing everything was behind him, and saw the far doors open, children pouring in like a flood of water. He didn’t have to worry. They always parted for him and his braces. No one wanted to get too close after all.
And then he felt a large mass check him into the lockers. Another set of arms grabbed him before he toppled to the floor, his legs twisted, and he saw the large form of Tom blocking half the hallway from any teachers’ eyes, his brother standing at Clint’s side. Kent leaned in, setting his lips next to Clint’s ear to speak.
“Don’t worry about this,” he said, pointing to his crooked nose, “I’ll put it on what I owe Ace. Speaking of which, how’d you two get into the school so early?”
Clint looked at him bug-eyed. Clearly, they should’ve been more careful.
“We know how you did it,” he said, looking to Clint’s legs, “But Ace?”
Flapping his mouth, Clint couldn’t get a word out before Kent continued.
“Or maybe, I should bring this up to one of the teachers? Rumor has it, he’s beginning to get a not-so-good reputation of his own.”
Clint wanted to object but was cut off by the loudspeaker above them.
“Will Hee-Chu Noh and Clint Gill come to the vice principal’s office.”
Kent lowered his head.
“Looks like someone already beat us to it. Won’t be the school’s idol for long, will he?”
He dropped Clint’s arms and waved Clint along the hall to hurry, saying he didn’t want Clint late for his date with the vice principal.
20


After Kent let him go, it took Clint a little bit to shake off the impact of the lockers. His knees felt wobbly, but now his worried mind left him distracted, and he had to grab the wall before falling.
Chewy being caught was impossible, and, besides the Grumblys, no one else saw them enter the school or knew about their plan. There was no way this could be about their faked hall-pass or stealing private files. All of these concerns flashed across Clint’s mind, fumbling with his legs.
Righting himself, he struggled down the hall to the records office, stopping before the door as he had done before. This time, however, the secretary looked up with a ‘can-I-help-you’ face.
“I’m Clint Gill.”
The secretary’s face lit up.
“Please take a seat out front. The vice principal will be with you shortly.”
Turning, Clint glanced down into the space past the bookshelf. Chewy’s black hair was still there. He was still under the desk! And he sat on the worn cushioned bench, his mind reeling.
If he hasn’t been caught, then what is this all about?
A chair in the office screeched and heels began clicking his way. He sat as stiff as possible, his face trained on the wall. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the secretary leave with her mug. Her first coffee of the day was coming later than usual.
Seeing her slip into the teacher’s lounge, Clint spoke.
“Chewy!”
Chewy’s head popped out of the office door, a smile on his face, followed by a mess of papers in his hand. He came trotting down to his friend, no worries in the world.
“Got ‘em,” he beamed, and then squinted, “What are you still doing here? The bell rang ages ago.”
Clint stared bug-eyed before finally answering.
“I was called down to the office. I mean we both were. I…I thought you had been caught.”
“If that did happen, I would’ve never told them about you,” he said, patting his friend’s shoulder, and then scrunched up his brow, “We were both called?”
He sat next to Clint pondering it over when the secretary stepped out of the lounge, heading back in their direction. Seeing Chewy sitting there, she got his name.
“I’ll tell Mrs. Vatican both of you are here now,” she said and entered the office. Her voice then came to them in a murmur as she messaged the vice principal, finally calling out to them, “You can come in now boys.”
Chewy stood up mindlessly, heading for the door when Clint jabbed him with his elbow. Chewy looked to his friend in surprise and noticed Clint’s eyes drop to the papers in his hands.
“Right,” he said, grabbing his backpack from Clint and slipped the records inside, out of sight.
Both boys crossed the office and entered through Mrs. Vatican’s door. Although Chewy was confident they weren’t caught, he seemed slightly flustered but nowhere near as flustered as Clint was. His legs were shaking again.
They sat down in front of Mrs. Vatican who waved them to the chairs with a smile and then sat back down herself, furrowing her brow as to the best way to approach the subject at hand.
“Hee-Chu, this is the first time I’ve had a chance to meet you. I want to welcome you to our school and say that I wish we were meeting under better circumstances,” she put her fingers over her mouth, exhaling deeply. Clearly, she had yet to hear about what Chewy’s escapades from the day before.
“I just got off the phone with Clint’s mom,” she restarted. At the mention of his mom, Clint raised his head. “She will be here shortly to pick you up. It appears, Hee-Chu, your mother’s been taken to the hospital. Whatever’s wrong with her seems to be quite serious but they are taking care of her right now. I’m sure there is nothing to worry about.”
She waited for any questions from Chewy but he sat silently as if trying to piece it together. Mrs. Vatican then turned her attention to Clint.
“Your mother is going to stay with Hee-Chu all day and he’ll most likely be going home with her tonight. She told me to make you aware of this just in case you come home after school and don’t find her there. I’m glad you two made friends so quickly. I’m sure a good friend like you is exactly what he needs at this moment.”
Clint looked to his friend’s worried face, and a minute later, Clint’s mom was there and then, Chewy was gone.
Part III
21


Chewy spent all day in the hospital near his mother’s bed. Mrs. Gill, Clint’s mom, never left his side. The doctors told both of them she was stable but, as for the cause, they had to be honest. They’d never seen anything like it before. Her fever was too high and the blood tests showed no immune system reaction. This only meant the fever was not caused by the body but by something else entirely.
After a brief lunch in the hospital cafeteria, Mrs. Gill figured out how to dial out to Korea and Chewy talked to his dad. His father answered sleepily, it being the middle of the night, but woke quickly to the news. He told his son to stay with the Gills. If his mother’s illness persisted, his father would come to America to help which meant their trip would most likely be cut short. Neither of them worried about this at that moment.
Around five, Mrs. Gill took Chewy back to his home to get a change of clothes, a pair of pajamas and his toothbrush, and then whisked him across the bridge to her house.

Clint sat alone on his couch waiting. His parents had never been majorly sick so he didn’t know what Chewy was going through, nor did he know what to do, but felt this was what his parents went through after his accident, and a great sorrow welled up in him.
His friend had called him to play in a nearby park two winters ago. The night before snow had freshly covered everything and Clint could still remember the glistening, unmarked blanket that lay over his lawn as he tromped out into the fresh powder.
To meet his friend, he had to cross a short bridge stretching three feet over a tumbling stream. In summer time, many couples came to stand there, talking while admiring the natural beauty.
On this day, Clint reached the bridge and noticed the white perfection all around. He was happy he had long legs so that he could take great strides through the mountainous banks. His breathing increased under the stress of walking and he stopped to rest midway, peering down at the stream.
Even though it was bitterly cold out, the near-constant movement of the water left the middle of the stream open and unfrozen while the sides were completely solid. Clint marveled at it, wondering how awfully cold it must be. He then looked up at the gray sky as if it would tell him of future snow and cold, and that’s when he heard the car approaching.
He turned around in time to see a red Ford Taurus come onto the bridge opposite him. Its wheels were already struggling with the snow and the driver didn’t seem to notice the lowered area near the middle of the bridge where the snow had been compacted, turning slick with the cold air. As the car hit the icy patch, the driver slammed the brakes and went flying across the lane toward Clint.
Because of the curb and the fact that Clint was just a step behind it, the car came to a jolting halt, its wheels smashed against the curb but, with its front end extending out, shattered Clint’s legs against the bumper. The impact was so immense that Clint went flying against the rail behind him and flipped head over heels off the bridge.
Luckily, Clint wasn’t conscious for the fall. The excruciating pain from the collision made him black out, but, upon landing in the icy, open water below, he came to. With the stream’s shallow depth, Clint’s whole body was submerged except for the top of his face; however this position only made things worse. The stream’s bone-chilling water numbed his body thoroughly and, to Clint, it felt as if someone had pulled the plug on him. He couldn’t move. He could only lay there with the water rushing over. And this near constant movement of water, thrashing passed his body and around his face left Clint with the feeling of near-drowning.
It took rescue workers eight minutes to arrive at the scene due to the bad weather. By that time, Clint had drifted back into unconsciousness. It would take another two days for him to wake up in the hospital. By then his legs were locked stiff in metal cages with screws sticking out of his skin. Waking, he found his parents at his side, keeping their distance with fears of hurting him further. But it was the next day, that everyone would find out the injuries were more than just physical.
A nurse came in to give Clint a sponge bath on account of him not being able to move. She placed the tub of water in the empty bed next to him and then rang the sponge. Clint’s eyes froze upon the tub and the watery beads falling from the sponge, and everything came back to him. The tumble of water over his body. The stream careening around his face. The sensation of drowning. And he screamed.
It took two orderlies, three nurses, and a doctor to hold Clint down as he throttled about. They were afraid he might damage his legs further with the violent thrashing and gave him a shot to put him back under.
While Clint was out, the doctor explained the situation to his parents and the precautions they’d have to take in the future. The immense trauma of the accident had left their son with aquaphobia and, hopefully, in time, he would recover. But the doctor gave them no promises.
Ever since then, from time to time, Clint caught his parents staring at him, not like the kids at school did, like a freak; or the teachers, like a pitiful little thing, but like an antique watch or his great grandmother’s gold locket or something else of indeterminable value that had been almost stolen from them.
Clint wondered if this was what Chewy was feeling, hearing the slam of his mom’s car doors outside.
22


When Chewy entered, Clint nearly collapsed getting up. Chewy had to catch him and bring him back to the couch before Mrs. Gill asked them what they’d like for dinner.
“Your choice Chewy as our guest of honor.”
Chewy frowned at the idea of more delivery food.
“Maybe just some home-made spaghetti?”
Mrs. Gill nodded curtly and left to the kitchen.
A moment of silence passed between the boys before Clint started up.
“Your mom?”
Chewy related the day’s events to him, ending by saying, “I can’t do anything about it, at least right now, so let’s not think about it.”
He knew this would be easier said than done but dwelling on sad events just wasn’t one of Chewy’s ways.
“Aren’t you curious?” he asked Clint who wrinkled his brow before Chewy continued, “The Grumblys’ records?”
Clint had forgotten and waited as Chewy pulled them out of his backpack. Certain pages were bent if not crumpled and Clint held them up as if inspecting damaged property.
Chewy shrugged, saying, “You try fitting yourself with a bunch of pages under a desk where at every moment sharp-toed heels are angled at your face.”
Clint smiled.
“She really had no idea you were under there?”
“None. And that’s not the most interesting part,” Chewy said, grabbing two particularly wrinkled sheets from the middle, flattening them out on his knees for Clint to see, “While I was under there, I did some reading. Look here.”
He pointed to the birthdates of both the Grumblys.

Kent A. Grumbly 07-03-2001
Thomas P. Grumbly 02-15-2002

“They’re not born in the same year,” Clint muttered to himself, thinking maybe he had been given bad information about them, “Which means they aren’t twins.”
“Exactly!” Chewy smiled.
“But how can they be in the same grade? If anything Kent should be in middle school by now.”
Clint shuffled through the other papers, placing them on the living room floor to get a better look at them and then spotted something, pulling a piece of paper up off the floor.
“Here, look! This is a record of Kent’s time at Grover Elementary. Do you see what it says about his first year?”
Chewy opened his eye widely to see better because it looked strange. There appeared to be two ‘first grade’ years on his record.
“Do you see what this means?” Clint yelped as if finding a great secret.
“I don’t understand,” Chewy said, still wrinkling his nose at the numbers and words.
“It means he was held back.”
Chewy looked at him blank-faced. This expression had no meaning to him so Clint tried to explain.
“When does the Korean school year start?”
“March. Why?”
“Well, as you know, America’s school year begins in September after three long months of summer vacation.”
Chewy smiled at the prospect of it. In Korea, he only had a month off in summer, if not only three weeks. He couldn’t even imagine three months of no school. Clint continued.
“However, sometimes, if a kid is born in one of those months, by the time he enters school, he may or may not be mentally ready yet. In those cases, the teacher will suggest the student repeat a certain grade, usually the first one, so they can catch up. That must be what happened to Kent.”
None of it made sense to Chewy. He had barely heard of such a thing in Korea.
“So if someone is held back, doesn’t that mean they are a first-grader twice?”
“Exactly!” Clint marveled at his own ability of explanation.
“But,” Chewy said, looking at the birthdates on the paper again, “Doesn’t that also mean that Kent and Tom would end up being in the same grade?”
“Bingo! That’s exactly it! That’s why we’ve always thought of them as twins when they’re really not. Still not sure if that would’ve helped me earlier.”
“Helped you—how?” Chewy said, thinking Clint was referring to the day in the puddle.
“I had no time to tell you but after the bell rang this morning, the Grumblys caught up with me in the hall.”
Chewy’s face began to looked concerned but Clint shook his head.
“Nothing like that. I did get body-checked into some lockers by Tom but no big deal,” Clint smiled and moved on, “Kent then told me he saw us go into the school. He wanted to know how you were able to get a pass.”
“What’d you say?”
“Nothing. Didn’t have to. I was called to the office before I could answer and they let me go thinking you and I had gotten caught.”
Chewy was glad nothing worse had happened and turned back to the papers before him. He breathed deeply, running all of it through his head. He couldn’t help but feel like they were missing something.
“So maybe Kent’s not too happy being in the same grade as his brother. You think that’s why he is the way he is?”
This time Clint shrugged.
“Could be. Doesn’t matter though because this means we’ve got dirt on him now, something he probably doesn’t want anyone else to know. We can use it to make him back off. We’ll be Grumbly free!”
Before Chewy could disagree with this statement, Clint’s mom called them in for dinner. Clint’s father came up from the basement and, seeing Chewy, welcomed him, giving him his condolences for what was going on with his mother. Chewy thanked him and they sat down at the kitchen table, steaming piles of spaghetti and red sauce at each chair.
With all the excitement, both boys hadn’t noticed how hungry they were and ate without speaking. Halfway through his second plate, Chewy heard the phone ring, not even lifting his head to look up as Mrs. Gill went to answer it.
“Hello? Hello?”
She paused and then started again.
“Who is this? Who—”
She took the phone from her ear, covering the mouthpiece with her hand and looked at Chewy.
“I think it’s for you,” she said.
Chewy pointed to himself, noodles hanging from his mouth.
“I don’t know what Korean sounds like but clearly this man doesn’t know any English. I’m just guessing he’s calling to talk to you,” she said.
Chewy sucked the noodles up, red sauce lining his mouth, and grabbed the phone from Mrs. Gill.
“Hello?”
“Chewy? Is that you?”
The voice was so frantic Chewy couldn’t recognize it.
“Yes. Who is this?” he said.
“It’s Grandpa.”
Chewy smiled. He hadn’t heard from him since leaving Korea. He missed his afternoons with him but before he could respond, his grandfather answered quickly back.
“It’s about your mom. She’s in very big trouble.”
And Chewy’s smile disappeared.
23


Chewy motioned to the Gills that he’d take the call in the living room. Alone, he asked his grandfather to continue.
“I don’t know where exactly to start,” he said, his voice coming through all static-like, “Let me first say your grandmother died.”
Chewy was confused, not only by how this had anything to do with his mom, but also because his father’s mom had seemed fine the last time he’d seen her.
“Not your paternal grandmother,” he said, frustrated, “Your mom’s mom.”
“I thought mom told me she had died when she was young, before she could even remember.”
“That’s what I told her, but that’s not necessarily the whole truth. I hadn’t seen her, your grandmother that is, in a while and when your father called me earlier, describing what was happening to your mom, well, it sounded too familiar. So I checked in on her.”
The phone went silent and Chewy thought he had somehow lost the connection if that was even possible nowadays.
“Hello?”
“I’m still here, just didn’t know how to say the rest,” his grandfather coughed before continuing, “Do you remember the mu-dang in the mountain, the one I had you see because of your…your…”
Chewy told him he remembered, hoping this would speed things along.
“She was your grandmother, Chewy.”
Chewy stared forward in shock. She was his grandmother, that old, bent-back woman! How could that be? But as he reviewed over it, a few things the old woman had told him began to make sense. Not to mention the tears when he last saw her from the bus window.
“I don’t understand,” Chewy said, rubbing his neck from stress.
“I can’t say I understand much myself, but I’ll try to explain,” the grandfather started, his voice becoming clearer, “Most young ones today don’t know much about mu-dangs, don’t know how it all works. I can’t say I do either but right after your mother was born, her mom, your grandmother, started coming down with headaches. She was laid up in bed for days.”
Clint peeked his head into the living room to see if everything was okay and Chewy nodded so that no one would worry. Then, he turned his attention back to the phone.
“I brought her to every doctor around. At the time, Korea wasn’t as advanced as it is nowadays, but even if it was, I don’t think any of them would have had a clue. And as time went by, she was only getting worse.”
This was beginning to sound very familiar to Chewy and he trembled listening.
“At this point, I was desperate. I had your mom at home crying to take care of. I didn’t know what to do, so…I listened to a friend of mine who suggested I see a mu-dang. I brought your weakened grandmother to the mu-dang’s house. This one lived in the countryside, and, after a brief examination, she explained everything to me.”
He paused briefly, his voice weak from talking before picking up again.
“There are two ways to become a mu-dang. You can study heavily, learning the rituals and the ways, or a divine spirit must contact you, bringing you into awareness of your powers. That’s what happened to your grandmother, or at least, that’s how the mu-dang explained it to me.”
“But why the headaches and fever?” Chewy spat out.
“No force in the world can act on another unless we allow it to. When it came to the divine spirit, those headaches and fever were signs of resistance from your grandmother. She was saying ‘no’ to the special gift.”
“Then why did she end up as a mu-dang?”
“She eventually accepted it,” he paused, the emotions welling up in him, “She had to. The mu-dang told me that if your grandmother didn’t accept the spirit then it would move onto the next living female in the family. That meant your mother.”
Chewy’s eyes widened.
“But she let the spirit enter her, no?”
“Yes, she did. She did it to save your mother and that’s when she and I decided it was best to keep it hidden from the family. Your grandmother moved up into that mountain and we pretended she was dead.”
“But…lying? Did you really have to lie about it?”
His grandfather hesitated, thinking over his answer.
“If your mother had known, her life would’ve been ruined. It’s not an easy thing to accept—someone else sacrificing themselves for you. And, besides, your grandmother and I had to think about the future. If people knew there was a mu-dang in the family, your mother would’ve never gotten married, would’ve never had you. We couldn’t risk that.”
Chewy shook his head at a strange thought.
“None of this makes sense. If grandma took the power, why is mom sick now?”
“Since your grandmother is dead, the spirit has to move on. Your mother is the next female in line.”
Chewy stood up, wanting to do something but felt helpless.
“Mom can just reject it, right? I mean, there’s no other female left in the family. If she says ‘no’ to it, then it’ll leave.”
“Unfortunately, that’s not quite how it works. With no female in the family left, it will stay with your mother whether she wants it or not. The only way to get through this is if you tell her to accept it. Let it take her over.”
“Does that mean…mom will disappear?”
“No, Chewy. She should be okay. She’ll just have joined with a higher spirit, but her everyday life will be different from now on. She will be a mu-dang.”
“Are you sure?”
“Not one hundred percent,” he paused, thinking about the future and said, “But I do know that you must get your mom to accept it, otherwise, we’ve lost her forever.”
24


After hanging up with his grandfather, Chewy immediately went into the kitchen. The Gills had finished eating. Mr. Gill was drinking a little coffee to help digestion while Mrs. Gill with pink latex gloves had started the dishes. Clint sat next to his father pushing around a slab of lime green Jello, pretending not to be worried about his friend. Everyone looked at Chewy as he entered.
“It was only my grandfather,” he explained with his hands out before him to settle the tension in the room. Everyone went back to what they were doing except Clint, who with widened eyes whispered in Chewy’s direction.
“You wanna go upstairs and…study?”
Chewy knew he wanted to talk about the Grumblys’ file more but his grandfather’s words were a little more pressing.
“Actually,” he started, looking over toward the back of Clint’s mom, “I was wondering if I could go back to the hospital. If it’s alright with you, Mrs. Gill?”
She turned around, bubbles on the gloves, and said, “Of course, honey. Is there anything wrong?”
Chewy shook his head.
“Talking to my grandfather, I guess just made me want to see her again.”
“No problem,” she said, turning back to the sink, “Let me just finish up here and we’ll go.”
Five minutes later, the Gill’s brown Accord left the driveway heading for the hospital. Clint stayed at home, knowing the car would have to cross the bridge, but told Chewy he wished he could go too. Chewy said not to worry about it.
On the way, a small rain started falling. By the time they arrived, a fall storm filled the sky, flashing and crashing outside the windows of the hospital. They took the elevator up in silence and coming to his mother’s door, Chewy ran to her bed, hugging her. His mother made no physical movement beyond a shift of her eyes under their lids.
The room was bare and, looking around, he saw an IV in his mom’s other arm as well as a machine that beeped along to her heart.
Mrs. Gill took a seat by the rain-splattered window and at that moment, Chewy was glad he had another language to fall back on, slipping into his native Korean.
“Mom.”
Her eyes moved in their lids as if dropping down to bring him into view.
“You need to listen to me,” Chewy said, pausing at a larger crack of thunder from outside before resuming, “I just spoke to grandpa and…”
He went on to relate everything to his mother, how the mu-dang was his grandmother who had just died and how the spirit of the mu-dang travels within family lines. He even briefly thought it would be a good chance to explain about his power and how he got it, but figured maybe it’s something he could share later. Finally, he came to his grandfather’s last words.
“Mom, if you’re in there, you have to listen to me.”
He grabbed his mom’s hand, squeezing it tightly and felt her squeeze back urging him on.
“The most important thing grandpa told me was that you have to accept the power. Let it in.”
Another flash and then a crack of thunder silenced Chewy for a second or two, glancing out the window before returning to his mother’s sallow face.
“If you don’t, it will never leave you alone. You will never get better. There’s no one else to pass it onto. If I were a girl, instead of just a boy with a girlish name, I’d take it in a second. But it’s not possible, so, please, let it in.”
Looking at her face, he saw her eyes clenched in great strain and sweat trickling down her temples. He could tell her teeth were gritted and a nearly inaudible moan escaped her.
“I promise you everything will be okay,” he whispered, bowing his head, touching his forehead to her hand.
He stayed there, at her side for more than twenty minutes before Mrs. Gill walked over putting her hands on Chewy’s shoulders.
“It’s late, Chewy. I think we’d better go.”
Chewy knew she was right. There was nothing he could do now but wait. And they returned home.
25


By the next morning, the doctor reported little change in his mother’s condition so Chewy went to school as usual. However, there was nothing usual about it. As many times as he had slept over at Clint’s, this time felt strange especially because immediately after waking both were given breakfast and pushed out the door to school, unlike the weekends when they woke late and watched TV. On the walk over, Clint tried picking up his spirits.
“Everything’s going to be okay. And I don’t mean just your mom. The Grumblys too.”
Chewy nodded but found it hard to be enthusiastic.
“It’s not just that.”
Clint questioned what else could be bothering him.
“The whole day just feels…off,” Chewy looked away before continuing, “I mean, I love sleeping over at your house and all but, I guess, I just miss life being normal. Having my mom okay and eating some kimchi soup for breakfast would be wonderful. She hasn’t cooked in weeks.”
He paused. “Maybe I’m just a little homesick especially after talking to my grandfather yesterday.”
“I didn’t want to mention it last night in front of my parents but you seemed different after talking to him,” Clint said, lifting his right leg over a particularly large edge in the sidewalk.
Chewy took a deep breath and then spit it all out, relating, for the most part, the exact same story he had told his mom the night before except with this version he told Clint about the prior night’s visit and how little seemed to have happened to his mom since.
“Give it time. Maybe it’s not something that happens instantaneously,” Clint said, actually putting his arm around Chewy this time and then hesitated before continuing, “That means your mom will be a mu-dang then?”
“Looks like.”
“So she’ll be able to grant wishes and stuff too?”
Chewy looked over at him with one eyebrow popped up, “You make her sound like a genie.”
Clint looked away muttering a ‘sorry.’
Chewy smiled at the sensitiveness his friend showed.
“Sorry for what?” he said, jabbing Clint playfully in the stomach, “I’m not upset at you. I’m upset at the situation. Why does my family have to have these problems?”
Coming to the gap in the fence, Clint slowed down. There wouldn’t be much time before they got to the school doors and he’d have to leave Chewy so he wanted to make sure his friend was okay by then.
“My parents must feel the same way,” he caught Chewy’s eyes, moving on, “Having their only child wrapped up in metal just to walk and watching him afraid to take a bath, probably not what they expected everything to be like either.”
Chewy smiled at his friend’s effort.
“Besides,” Chewy said, “To answer your question, I don’t think it works that way.”
“What?” Clint said, thinking he was still talking about how life sometimes seemed unfair.
“I don’t think mu-dangs can just give the powers out. I think I was given it as a reward, you know, payment of some sort for helping her. So don’t be expecting my mom to start giving you the power to ace tests or anything.”
They were halfway across the field and other students were either running around, or staring at them whispering, but the two boys barely noticed.
“I wasn’t,” Clint said, “I was hoping she’d make me fly so I wouldn’t have to hobble around all the time.”
Chewy looked at him wide-eyed and then up to the sky, saying, “Really? You want to fly up there. Where do you think water comes from?”
Clint froze at the thought.
“Good point. Maybe I’ll just ask your mom to turn my feet into wheels instead.”
Chewy ran a little bit ahead of Clint as he said, “Then you better not be surprised when I ride you around the neighborhood like my own personal scooter.”
Clint reached out to grab Chewy who darted off in another direction.
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“Try me,” Chewy yelled back skipping up to the rear doors.
Mr. Frank was standing watch and, seeing Chewy come running up, a sad expression came to his face and he nodded to Chewy to show his sorrow at the news. By this time, Clint had caught up and as he passed Chewy to enter the school, said with a slight laugh, “I get those faces from people every day. So get ready for it because there’s no way you can change them.”
Clint disappeared behind the school doors as Chewy, pondering over why Clint found this remark funny, turned around to the other children on the playground.
By midday, Chewy understood why his friend had laughed. People were quite ridiculous. The one thing Chewy wanted to forget and not talk about was his mom, and yet every person he ran into either had a long face on, for his benefit it appeared, or told him how everything was going to be okay. There was never a moment’s rest.
In fact, the school was abuzz with information about Chewy. If students weren’t talking about his mom’s poor condition, they were conversing in hushed voices over Chewy’s bravery and kindness. His breaking into Mrs. Shapiro’s classroom was slowly becoming a monumental moment in school history.
Because of this, for the first time in weeks there were no mention of the Grumblys or their antics. Lucky for Chewy too, this near constant attention meant he was never left alone. The Grumblys had no chance to counterattack after that last scuffle with the apples, nor question him about how he had entered the school early the day before. At least, he had that much to be happy about.
26


By Friday, there was still little new information regarding his mother and the darkening fall weather perfectly matched how Chewy felt on the inside, dreary and somber. The atmosphere in the school, too, had changed little and there still had been no sign of a Grumbly attack. The week would have ended unnoticed if not for an unusual conversation during gym class.
Chewy had just got in line to climb the ropes when Susie, the girl Clint had warned him about, came up to him. Her blond hair looked almost white in the shadowy gym.
“I want to tell you something,” she said, her arms at the waist of her red gym shorts.
Chewy darted his head around to the other kids, not sure she meant him. When it became clear she was talking to him, he shrugged implying she had his attention for the moment.
She smiled, tilting her head, her cheeks drawing up a strong red.
“I’ve been meaning to talk to you for a while now, but,” the smile left her face as she continued, “I’ve heard about your mom and, trust me, I feel devastated by what’s happened.”
Chewy narrowed his eyes at her. Everyone thought they knew how he felt. Yet, none of them knew his mom or him that well to really care. He was about to turn around and walk away when he noticed Becky standing behind this strange, pale girl. He nodded to her. Everything with his mom had happened so quickly he completely forgot until now about tossing the sucker to her.
Noticing his nod, Becky lowered her head and shuffled a few feet further back to be unseen. Susie saw all of this and peeked over her shoulder, pushing Becky back further with a glare before returning to Chewy’s face, eyes beaming again.
“Actually,” she restarted, “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. You see that girl over there, well, I saw what you did for her. I thought it was sweet.”
Chewy shrugged again, saying, “Okay,” and turned back to look at the ropes. A particular chubby kid was trying to make it to the top and was holding up the line with his slow ascent. Before Chewy could do anything else, he felt a cold hand wrap around his tiny arm, and, looking back, found Susie holding on to his sleeve.
“I’m not finished,” she said, and letting go of his arm, tossed her hair over her shoulder to lighten the mood. “No one really saw you do it, so many people got the wrong idea of you. They thought you were just as bad as the Grumblys. And you can’t blame them. They believed you had broken into our classroom to steal test answers or money. No one knew the truth.”
Chewy started to turn again, thinking this was the end but she got his attention back quickly. The chubby kid had given up and was now coming down. Chewy began to wonder how long he’d have to stand here listening to her talk. Gym would be done soon.
“But you see, I made sure everyone knew that you weren’t bad. Not like they thought. But that you were actually helping this poor girl here. What you did was an act of mercy.”
Chewy coughed and spoke up.
“Are you done?”
Susie’s face slipped into shock.
“Don’t you see,” she whimpered, her lips trembling, “I saved you.”
“Thanks,” he said and, turning to grab ahold of the dangling rope, nodded once more in Becky’s direction. With another nod, he called another boy over to spot him while he climbed and left the two girls down below as he swiftly shimmied up to the gym’s ceiling.

Below, a stunned Susie stood not moving for the first few minutes. All she could do was stare at Chewy’s feet as he ascended, nearing the hatch that led to the rooftop. The other students cared about him because of her words. He had dismissed everything she had done. None of it mattered to him and her brain started to soak it in.
“He doesn’t care,” she muttered to herself.
Becky stepped closer to hear better and said, “Maybe he didn’t understand. Maybe you need to explain it better to him.”
“Understand!?” she said, whirling around on Becky, “How could he not understand? I saved him! He’s a hero in everyone’s eyes now because of me!”
Becky cringed at her friend’s anger, stepping backwards. Seeing Becky’s reaction, Susie pulled herself together, flattening the wrinkles in her gym shirt at the stomach. Speaking from a calmer place, she started again.
“I was wrong,” she said, exhaling long and slowly.
“That’s what I meant. If you just try again, I’m sure he’ll see everything clearly,” Becky said with a fake smile.
“No. I was right there. He doesn’t care. And why should he?”
Becky looked confused.
“Clearly, he never intended to give you the sucker as an act of kindness. No! He wanted to hurt you with it,” Susie paused, going over that day in her head again, “I remember it better now. That’s right. He was trying to hit you with that sucker. Luckily, you caught it before it could do any damage.”
“Are you sure that’s what happened?” Becky said.
“Becky, don’t be foolish! A boy like Chewy doesn’t do good things. He doesn’t see how things work.”
“So what now?” Becky dared to ask.
“Good question,” Susie said, looking at all the other students frolicking around the gym. They seemed happy and innocent. They had no idea what danger existed right nearby. The boy or girl in the next seat could be tomorrow’s bully or worse.
She talked to Becky behind her, her eyes wide and unblinking.
“Change of plans Becky. It looks like Chewy is too far gone to save,” she said, smiling, knowing she’d see Patti during lunch, “The best we can do is warn the rest of them before he can do anything else.”
27


Chewy had other things to worry about than crazy girls and their new crushes and had Susie known what little effect she had on Chewy, she’d have felt even more justified in her anger. For one, the following day was the fall festival and Chewy wanted to be ready to enjoy it, not to mention see Kent get wet in the dunk tank. In order to do this, he needed a new change of clothes. The fall weather was thickening and America was much colder than what he was used to. Other students still wore short-sleeves to Chewy’s surprise.
By the time Chewy and Clint reached home that afternoon, Chewy asked if he could quickly run home to get more clothes and was soon off to his house alone.
He hadn’t been there since Tuesday and already it felt strange entering, knowing his mother was not inside. In fact, it was too eerie and so he darted to his room to get in and out as fast as possible, but before he left, something caught his eye.
On the floor, next to his desk, lay the red notebook he faintly remembered from before. He recalled now that Clint had said it wasn’t his and at that moment Chewy’s curiosity was piqued. He picked it up and flipped a couple of pages. About half the book was written in, from the top of the page down, and looking more closely he saw this wasn’t note-taking or assignments. It appeared to be a diary. He chose a page at random and started reading.

Mom and dad had to tape up another window today. I don’t know why he does it. We haven’t been out in months. Mainly because of him. But, finally, tonight, mom said ‘hey let’s get something to eat.’ So we went to that new barbeque place. And before we can even sit down, he’s huffing and puffing. I don’t understand what’s making him angry but his face is red and he’s not even looking at me or mom or dad. I got a large order of wings. God, they were good! Mom was upset because there was so much and I ate all of it. But he didn’t eat a thing, just pushed his food on the ground, staring at other people at other tables. Mom had to say sorry to the people that worked at the restaurant. And then we went home and he punched the window in our bedroom with his fist. There was blood everywhere and mom rushed him to the emergency room again. I think they’ll be home soon and I’m afraid to see him. He isn’t usually happy after doing that.

Chewy stopped reading, squinting at the pages. It was strange. There were no names. He scanned through other entries and found nothing either. Who was this mystery writer? He started at the first page, hoping to find something.

He ripped my shirt today. My favorite shirt. I should’ve kept my mouth shut. I kinda yelled at him when he called me that name again. I don’t like it when he calls me it and I don’t know why. Lummox. What’s so bad about it? Why does it get me angrier than the other names and why do I let him know it bothers me? He only likes it more then.

Chewy looked out his bedroom window into the street and a gruff voice clicked on in his head.
Lummox! You fat lummox!
He was holding Tom Grumbly’s diary!
He dropped it instantly and stepped away, believing less harm would come to him by leaving it alone and went to the front door, but stopped. Holding the handle, he turned his head back to his bedroom. His brain had caught something that didn’t make sense.
He ran back to his room and flipped back to the center. After about five minutes of reading, he found what he was looking for.

It wasn’t always like this. I remember before the fourth grade, things were better. We played and went out and my family was happy. Why did he have to change on us? What did we do that made him so angry?

The fourth grade. Chewy looked out his window thinking again. He wished he had the school file with him. He was certain there was something more there too, but stood, letting it all sink in for a moment before dashing out of the house. He made sure to have the diary under his sweater just in case anyone might see him with it. He knew well that this book was dangerous to have, but he had to show Clint.
Jumping through Clint’s front door, he grabbed Clint from the couch and brought him upstairs where he felt it would be safer. The rush up the stairs left Clint winded as well, and both boys bent over to catch their breaths. Finally, Clint spoke.
“What’s all this about?”
Chewy pulled the notebook out from under the sweater and explained everything he had discovered. By the time he had finished, Clint’s face was whiter than normal.
“Are you crazy?! Why’d you bring it here? If they see us with it, we’re dead.”
Chewy put up his hands to calm him.
“Something in here made sense. Tom wrote that around the fourth grade when Kent seemed to change. Where did you hide the files?”
Clint hobbled over to his desk and pulled them out from under many books where he knew his mother would never check. Chewy took them and spread them on the floor again like the night before. His head bobbed up and down, scrutinizing the pages until finally he stopped, placing a finger in the middle of one sheet.
“Look! In Kent’s records, he has no complaints from any teachers or any meetings with the vice principal until the middle of his fourth grade year, just like what Tom wrote!”
“What does that mean?” Clint said, still wound up with fear at having the diary.
“I don’t know. But it does mean we missed something the night before. Clearly, he doesn’t have a problem being in the same grade as Tom; otherwise he’d have been angry since the first grade.”
“But why the fourth?”
“That’s a good question,” Chewy said, rubbing his chin. It didn’t make sense and he felt there was still more that he was missing, but he didn’t know what. He gathered up the file, returning it to its hiding place and then turned to the notebook still on the floor.
“You’re not thinking of keeping it, are you?” Clint asked, eyeballing it like a wild animal.
“I must’ve picked it up by accident that day they jumped us. But it seems he doesn’t know we have it.”
Clint put his hands on his friend’s shoulders, saying, “He doesn’t know we have it—yet! In time, even Tom Grumbly will put two and two together. Do you really want to find out what happens then?”
Chewy shuddered and Clint continued.
“What do you suggest we do?”
“Me? Why me?”
“You have all the powers! Can’t you just think of a way to make it disappear or something? You know, some way to fix this!”
Chewy smiled. Clint was right. He did have the power and already something had popped into his head.
“Tomorrow is the Fall Festival!”
Clint’s eyes widened.
“So what?”
“So, we know exactly where the Grumblys will be tomorrow and at what time. When they’re called to the dunk tank, I’ll sneak into the school and put it in his desk. Afterwards, no one will ever know we had the book.”
Clint looked into Chewy’s confident eyes. Chewy could see the worry already spreading across Clint’s face. What he didn’t know was Clint had heard a rumor before leaving school and other students were beginning to have second thoughts about the once great Chewy Noh.
28


The next day was clear skies and by ten o’clock the school’s back lot was set up with green and white striped roofed booths. People weaved in and out of the pick-a-duck game, sponge toss and loop-the-bottle as the sun took away some of the fall bite. When Chewy and Clint arrived they had heard the noise of mixed voices over a block away and paused staring at the swaying crowd.
“Let’s hope this works,” Clint muttered.
Chewy smiled back, rubbing his stomach where the notebook hid.
“We’ll be rid of this soon. I’ll meet you at the dunk tank afterwards,” he said, jogging off along the fence, “Since I won’t be there, try to sink Kent once for me!”
He caught Clint’s reluctant hobble to the dunk tank as he crossed the grass, heading toward the school. At the blacktop, he made his way into the crowd, smiling and waving at familiar faces. He was so focused he didn’t notice many of them didn’t wave back or even scowled at the sight of him. Luckily, the back door was unguarded.
Standing next to it, he scanned the nearby people. Before he could react, a sharp pain sank into his stomach, and was on the ground, clenching it with a moan. Had the notebook not been there to take some of the blow, the punch he received would have been more painful.
Looking up, he saw Kent’s shadowy eyes through his hanging black hair peering down at him. He lowered to one knee to see the anguish in Chewy’s face better. Behind him stood a visibly nervous Tom, glancing back and forth around them for any teachers or parents that might want to step in.
“I’ve missed our time together,” Kent started, slipping his hair behind his right ear to see more clearly, “We can’t seem to find anytime alone now, can we?”
Chewy tried to lift himself up while still holding the notebook tightly to his chest but was pushed back to the ground by Kent’s foot. His head hit the ground hard and he wrapped his arm around it, scrunching up his face as it began to throb.
“I heard something interesting before leaving school yesterday,” Kent said, smiling, “As I hear it, the tide is changing. You won’t be the ‘Golden Boy’ for much longer.”
Kent lifted his fist but before he could land another punch, the loudspeaker clanged to attention.
“Will Kent Grumbly please come to the dunk booth. Please come to the dunk booth. Thank you.”
Kent had lifted his head hearing it, as did Tom, and Chewy saw Tom’s red backpack hanging off his shoulder. He wanted to grab it and open it, but knew he’d never be able to reach.
Kent stood up, his nostrils flared in a mix of anger and confusion and glared down at Chewy, his foot still on Chewy’s chest.
“Looks like we’ll have to continue this later,” he said, lifting his foot but before turning, gave one more sharp kick into Chewy’s side. Chewy rolled in pain, slamming his hand to his back where the foot had landed and heard the Grumblys walk off.
By the time he got up, they were gone and some of the students stared at him with satisfied eyes. However, Chewy again noticed nothing and not wanting to waste his opportunity, jumped through the school doors. Little did he know, one set of eyes had been watching him the whole time.
Inside, he ran to the other wing and down the dark corridor to the furthest doors, the sixth grade. He tested the handle and smiled. Someone had left the key and he entered.
The classroom was much lighter than the halls with its large windows. Nonetheless, it was an unknown classroom and it felt like he was walking on a cold, new planet with the desks and bookshelves arranged differently.
He shook his head getting his thoughts together. Despite knowing this was Tom’s classroom, this gave him little knowledge as to which desk to start with. However, he figured he’d find textbooks in most desks and by checking the names in them, he’d find the desk he was looking for sooner or later.
In the first one, he found a math book. James. He knew it wouldn’t be that easy and moved on. The next desk belonged to a girl named Sarah who kept far too many pink pencils for a sixth grader. Closing Sarah’s desk, he scolded himself. Her desktop was spotless, not a mark or drawing like so many others. Clearly, Tom wouldn’t ever keep a tidy desk like this. He had to think a little better; otherwise he was going to waste an awful amount of time. In this manner, he was able to cross off three other desks before hearing the door slam behind him.
Turning around, he found his view of the door blocked by the teacher’s desk and filing cabinets. He crouched down and waited, thinking maybe he had forgotten to close it. Slowly, Becky emerged from behind the filing cabinets, pushing her thick lenses up her nose.
“What are you doing?” she said a little too nasally.
He looked to the notebook as if he were caught, as if she would recognize it but then smirked at his silliness.
“Just returning something I borrowed,” he said, standing up to move on to the next desk.
She stared as he tried two desks in a row.
“Why are you looking in every desk then?”
“I…forgot where I borrowed it from,” he said raising his voice at the end as if a question.
She marched up to him, coughing to put authority in her voice, and said, “You need to show Susie very strongly how thankful you are for what she did for you.”
Chewy stopped, raising an eyebrow.
“Who?”
“The blond-haired girl in our class. The one that talked to you yesterday in gym class.”
Chewy shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t remember any of this.
Most people would’ve been frustrated at this point, but Becky was oddly calm.
“I’ll point her out to you. But we have to go soon,” she said, grabbing Chewy by the sleeve.
Chewy pulled back, saying, “Why am I doing this?”
Becky stopped to look strongly at him in the eyes. She was one of the few people that could without bending down.
“Because if you don’t, soon the whole school is going to hate you. She’s already told them you threw that sucker the other day to injure me. They’re beginning to see you as a bully. And if you don’t say something to her soon, everyone’s going to think that your mom’s in the hospital because of something you did to her.”
Chewy’s eyes widened.
“Who would believe such a thing?”
Becky just stared. It felt like she was threatening him.
“Alright, I’m coming. I just need to put this back first.”
A lost look came to Becky’s face.
“What’s so important about that notebook anyway?”
Chewy exhaled heavily and turned back to her.
“It’s Tom Grumbly’s diary,” he said, and then seeing her panicked face, put his hands up, saying, “But I didn’t steal it. He dropped it. I found it. And now I want to make sure he gets it back without anyone getting hurt more.”
He touched his stomach, recalling the punch from earlier, and then heard the door open behind him.
“Becky…are you in here?”
Both of them saw Susie walk into the classroom, coming around the teacher’s desk into view. Seeing them, she furrowed her brow.
“What are you doing with him?”
Chewy easily heard the hatred in her voice and before she could get out another word, Becky jumped in.
“I saw him come into the school. It looked sneaky and I was right,” she turned to Chewy pointing at his hand, “That’s Tom Grumbly’s notebook. He stole it.”
“What?!” Chewy spit out, looking at this curly-haired girl in awe.
Susie stared at both of them with clenched teeth before speaking.
“You just can’t control yourself, can you Chewy? First, you attack Becky—in front of everyone! And now this! Is there just something wrong with Koreans?”
Chewy slowly lowered his hand, dropping the notebook to the floor.
“Maybe there’s something wrong with you,” he said, inching near her.
Seeing this, Becky lunged for the notebook on the ground and thrust it back into Chewy’s arms before he got any closer to Susie whose face had turned pink in anger. They looked like two bulls about to clash.
“Look!” Becky said, holding the notebook on Chewy’s chest trying to hold him back, “He’s got the notebook. Just think what would happen if the Grumblys found him with it. It’d be a fitting punishment, wouldn’t it?”
She lifted her eyebrows to imply the seriousness in the situation and Susie began to nod.
“You’re right Becky. Good thinking,” and saying that, Susie scrambled for the door. Becky turned, pushing Chewy to the ground, and then she was across the classroom and out the door as well. Behind her, the door slammed, shaking the walls.
Chewy got up slowly. This was definitely not a part of the plan. He rubbed his forehead trying to get his thoughts back together. The shock of what Becky did left him whirling and he stood up, dusting himself off. Wasn’t this the girl who talked about superheroes helping and stuff?
Through the door, he heard Susie’s voice one last time.
“This will teach you some respect! When someone does something nice for you, you should be grateful! A little time with The Grumblys should teach you that. Good-bye, Chewy!”
He ran to the door and tested the handle. It didn’t budge. They had locked him in.
29


Chewy had to think but the fear the Grumblys were coming overtook him. He kicked the door many times screaming but knew no one was out there. He was only wasting his energy.
He looked at the thin window next to the classroom door. Through it, the hallway was dark and he thought maybe he could break it to escape. He went and grabbed a chair but then realized it was far too big to hit this narrow target, and on top of that, how would he explain a broken window to everyone later?
“Come on!” he yelled. His power had to do something. It’s not like he needed to chant magic words. It was just supposed to work.
Then he heard something outside in the hall. It was faint but slowly moving in his direction. His side began to hurt again from where Kent had kicked him earlier. He had hoped it won’t happen this quickly. He thought he had at least a little more time and, seeing the teacher’s closet in the corner, ran to it.
With his small size, he figured he’d be able to hide on the bottom and the Grumblys wouldn’t find him and, if they did open the closet, hopefully they’d overlook the tiny Asian kid scrunched up below. He could cover himself with a coat if necessary. But when he grabbed the handles, the door shook. It was locked too.
He glanced back at the door. The sound was getting louder. He couldn’t believe this was it. There was no way this was how it was going to all end up. It was impossible, but he had to face it. If he had more time, maybe he’d be able to escape, but he lowered his head. He knew when to quit. It was time and he returned to the door ready to take what was coming to him.
“Chewy!” a soft voice cried to him from behind the door and then in the window next to it popped Clint’s face.
“Clint!” he screamed, jumping up and down and then ran up to the glass so both could stare at each other.
“What are you doing in there?”
“That crazy Susie girl and Becky locked me in! Open the door and let me out!”
Clint’s head disappeared. Chewy heard the handle shake and a thump as Clint’s body hit the door and then Clint’s face returned to the window.
“I can’t get it open. It looks like she took the key with her. What are we supposed to do?”
Chewy took a step backwards, thinking.
“Clint! They’re going after the Grumblys right now. They could be back any moment—“
Clint shook his head, cutting Chewy off.
“They had just gathered the dunk tank people when some kid told me you were in here. Kent was arguing with Mrs. Vatican, saying he hadn’t put his name on the list. Regardless, there were two other people before him. If anything, we still got five or ten minutes. We can still get you out.”
Chewy paced the floor running this information over in his head. Seeing Clint’s frantic face in the window seemed to have calmed him down. They hadn’t started the dunk tank yet. There was still time. He turned back to Clint.
“Did you see the Grumblys?”
“Yes, but I don’t know—“
“Was Tom with Kent?”
“Yes, but again—“
“I somewhat met them as I was coming in. I saw Tom has his backpack on him!”
“So what?!”
Chewy scrambled back to the middle of the room, picking up the notebook, and then returned, checking the gap under the door. It looked to be just big enough.
“I’m going to slide this under the door to you. After you get it, run as close as to running as you can to the dunk tank. Find Tom and make sure you somehow get this into his backpack before Susie talks to either of them. I think for the moment we’re safe until Kent is done with his turn.”
He stopped, pushing the notebook under with his fingers. It barely fit with only some pages crumpling in the process. Having an ugly-looking notebook in Tom’s possession was better than none.
He looked back out the window to Clint’s worried face as he smoothed out the pages.
“It’s all up to you now. Go!”
Clint stared at him helpless for a second and then disappeared beyond the edge of the window. Chewy touched the glass where his friend’s face had been, hearing the loud clanks of Clint tromping down the hall.
For a second, Chewy wished handing off his power was as easy as the notebook. He knew Clint would need all the help he could get.
30


The crisp fall air and the mild sunlight hit Clint hard. His eyes had become adjusted to the darkness in the school and he put his hand up to his brow as he pushed into the maze of people, holding the notebook under his shirt like Chewy had done.
He couldn’t believe Chewy thought this was going to work. How was he supposed to get the notebook in Tom’s bag without being seen?
Cutting through the crowd, Clint saw again the large pool of water before him with its bull’s eye just waiting to be hit. Kent was grudgingly getting into the chair and Clint shivered thinking of the tank. He pushed this aside with the notion of Kent soon being submerged in it with the throw of a baseball. Kent’s face was all knotted up and bulgy, his eyes squinting out as if to pierce the very person who even thought of dunking him. Clint knew he had to go fast. The whole crowd seemed unwilling to venture a chance at this venomous boy. And then Clint saw it.
Tom was standing to the left with some other boys, looking up at his brother as person after person passed on the opportunity to throw a ball. No prize was worth it many of the students seemed to say, waving their hands in refusal. But, looking closer, Clint saw Tom’s red backpack squeezed between the tank and the wall behind it. Unfortunately, Tom and the other boys were mulling around in front of it. There was only one thing he could do.
The only way to reach it was to go around to the other side of the tank and, by pushing himself through the tight space between it and the wall, slip the notebook into the bag. That meant he’d have to pin himself up against a large glass tank of water and his legs almost buckled.
He swaggered toward the opposite side, nearly falling twice as thoughts of the water bubbled up in his brain. He felt light-headed and could see bright stars in front of his eyes, like headlights of distant, oncoming cars. He felt a shiver run over his skin.
Eventually, he found himself next to the tank and looked up at the water swaying inside and the shadow of Kent hanging above it. He looked through the crack of darkness to the other side. The backpack rested against the wall. Setting a hand on the tank, he felt its cold temp made colder by the crisp fall air. There was no way he was going to do this, he thought and yet, somehow, pushed on.
“Will no one try to dunk this young man to earn this school some money?” the announcer called out from atop the tank, “If no one comes soon, we will have to move on, so, please, come up and try. Anyone who does has a chance at some wonderful prizes.”
There was not a single movement in the crowd at these words and Clint knew this meant his time was limited and closed his eyes before pushing himself into the dark gap.
His body reacted instantly to the cold of the tank pressed up against his back, tightening, and his heart leapt up into his throat, but he kept his eyes closed. He pushed further in before he came to a standstill. At first, he thought his body had become frozen in fear, but, opening his eyes, he looked down. His right knee had become wedged, the metal braces pinning him between the wall and the tank. He was stuck.
He looked forward again, forgetting the tank beside him. The backpack was only a slight distance ahead. He tried reaching but found his arms were too short and tried again. This time he leaned over on his wedged knee, using it like a hinge and tilted his body forward until he was able to place his left hand on the ground with his leg up in the air. With his free hand, he grabbed Tom’s backpack and smiled. He had done it. And then the announcer’s voice piped in again.
“With no one willing to come up, I’m afraid this young man will have to leave. He would’ve looked awfully good wet, I’m sorry to say.”
Clint raised his head seeing the man’s shadow walk over to the seat to release Kent. Clint was so close. If only he had a couple more seconds…but there was no time now, and he was stuck. He lowered his head, tired and then heard another voice yell out from a distance.
“I’ll take a shot at him!”
Clint’s view through the water tank was blurry and everything came to him as shadows. The announcer’s voice hesitated before starting up again.
“Are you sure young man?”
“Been waiting all day for it,” the voice said.
This gave him only a little more time and Clint wasn’t about to waste it. He yanked up his shirt and pulled out the notebook. After setting it against the wall, he unzipped the bag, all while still holding himself up on his left arm. As he worked, everything was quiet and he imagined the crowd watching as the boy outside picked up a baseball, gripping it with an eye on the target.
Putting the notebook in, he zipped up the bag and pushed off the ground with both hands to tilt himself back up onto his feet. The pressure on his knee was beginning to hurt and he was happy to be upright again. He tried pulling backwards but found his leg wouldn’t budge and then, hearing the clunk of the baseball against the target, looked up in time to see Kent plunge into the water.
A large dark cloud sank into the tub, thrashing around. To Clint, it looked like a shark wrestling with its prey, and he wrapped his arms around the tub in a gigantic hug to pry himself loose. He didn’t want to be around when Kent got out of the tank. Only afterwards, would the shock of being so close to so much water set in, but at that moment, he hobbled away from it as Kent resurfaced, his face dripping wet. Over by the stack of baseballs, a short, hooded figure stood, his face hidden from sight.
The mystery boy’s head turned seeing Clint and gave him a thumbs up. Clint smiled, and quickly lurched over to the hooded Chewy, pulling him aside. They both watched Kent climb out of the tank, sloshing his arms around in anger, stomping down the stairs.
Both ducked down behind the shooting fence as Kent rejoined Tom below in the grass. Then from amongst the bystanders, Susie and Becky stepped out, confronting Kent and his brother. Susie’s hands pointed aggressively at the school and then Kent swung his head around as if searching for a ghost. Not finding what he was looking for, he grabbed Tom by the arm and charged toward the school doors with Susie and Becky in tow.
Chewy turned and slid his back down the fence, resting on the grass, pulling the hood off his head.
“You did it!” he said, grinning up into Clint’s flustered face.
It took Clint a second to realize everything was over and then nodded before looking back at the tank.
“How did I…” he said, trailing off, not knowing how to explain it.
Chewy stood up and put his arm on his friend’s shoulder.
“Who cares! We got rid of that damn thing!”
Clint turned to Chewy with sunken eyebrows.
“But how did you get out of the classroom?”
Chewy waved an exaggerated hand at him.
“It’s me! Do I need to say more?”
Before Clint could say anything else, Chewy pulled him into the crowd, saying, “Come on! Let’s go have some fun before they figure out what happened.”
They had made it to the closest booth when Clint saw his mom wandering the crowd with a worried look. He tugged on Chewy’s shoulder and pointed at her as she spotted them, coming over. She was out of breath and looked quite tired.
“Where have you two been?” she half-shouted.
“Around,” Chewy said, shrugging to set her at ease.
She looked to Chewy and her eyes widened. Even before she spoke, Clint knew it was something serious.
“Your mom,” she started, pausing to catch another breath, “The doctor called twenty minutes ago. She’s responsive and moving and…she wants to see you as soon as possible!”
Part IV
31


Sae-rim couldn’t remember a time when she didn’t think about Park Han Joong. She felt her days could only get better with their marriage, especially after her parents’ death.
She did remember however one time in particular when he saved her, before the war broke out. She was nine and had been walking along the dirt path near his house, her arms full of potatoes, going toward the fire in back. It had been a particularly dry year and little else had grown. But there were always potatoes and she was planning on dumping them in the small fire to cook like her grandmother had shown her. They would all be surprised by her good deed, or, at least, she hoped. She had no idea she was being watched and then he came running out.
"Sae-rim, you stay away from my fire!" a sharp voice called to her.
Turning around, she saw it was Joong Bum, Han Joong's younger brother. He was only two years older than her, but seemed still childish and always bothered her.
"Did you hear me? That's my fire!"
"Park Joong Bum, I know for a fact this is your father's fire so stop being mean," she spun her head around, sticking it up in the air, "Besides, I'm making potatoes for everyone. Even you!"
Joong Bum stopped, dropping the stick he held to poke her. Then, looking at himself, dirt on his cheek, he said, "Me too?"
"Of course, you too!"
He blushed for a moment before his boyhood pride stepped back in.
"Regardless of whatever you're doing, you should have asked permission to use my family's fire."
Picking up his stick, he stood there with his arms crossed like a disgruntled guard as she dumped the potatoes into the flames. She reached over, stealing the stick from his hand to poke the potatoes so that none would burn. A shocked expression came to his face. They had known each other for years, but still Sae-rim's strength continuously surprised him.
"Now wait just one minute! That's my stick!"
He reached over to get it back and felt her hand slap his away.
"Keep your dirty hands off the potatoes and me."
"I'm older than you, Gwan Sae-rim. You should give me respect."
She narrowed her eyes at him.
"I'll give you respect when you deserve it."
Joong Bum's face exploded in red. He couldn't control his anger at all and Sae-rim knew it.
"Gwan Sae-rim, I warned you," he said, marching over to her with a raised hand, but just before he dropped it across her large-eyed, baby face, another hand caught his.
"Park Joong Bum, if I ever—ever!—see you trying to lay another hand on little Sae-rim here, I will make sure you never use your arms again. Do you understand?"
Joong Bum cowered at his older brother's words. Han Joong looked sternly down at him, his eyes red with anger. Then he turned to Sae-rim.
"Are you okay, my little Sae-rim?"
She stared in awe at his face. He was eight years older than her—a man!—but even when he was younger, she swooned at him, especially when he called her 'my little Sae-rim.'
She shook her head to get out of her dream and said to him, "Don't worry about Joong Bum. I can handle myself."
She wanted to look strong in front of Han Joong, deserving. There's no way he'd ever want a weak girl and Sae-rim knew it. Han Joong had already had many girlfriends and he usually ditched the girly ones quickly.
As a child, it was always her dream to be his girlfriend too, one day, and now, she was marrying him and couldn't believe her good fortune. Before she could return to her daydream, Mrs. Lee, Han Joong's mom, came into the bedroom.
"Hurry girl! Get your marriage clothes on. You know we have only a little time before they ship him out."
Mrs. Lee whisked around the room, grabbing hair pins and a comb before sitting behind Sae-rim. She set the utensils on the floor and then took the pink top off the ground next to her, shoving it over Sae-rim's head with little caution. Sae-rim scrunched up her face at the roughness, but knew Mrs. Lee meant well. Her parents had been friends with the Parks for a very long time.
Adjusting the shoulders in the mirror in front of Sae-rim, Mrs. Lee said, "There you are. Looks perfect, just like the day I wore it to marry Mr. Park."
Sae-rim lowered her head.
"Thank you...for everything. I don't know what I would've done."
She had nowhere else to go after the latest bombing took her house and parents.
"Don't think another minute on it. With two sons, I always dreamed of having a daughter and," she lowered her wrinkled mouth to Sae-rim's ear, whispering, "Just between you and me, Han Joong needs a tough woman like you, like his mom. I'm glad he took our advice in marrying you."
Sae-rim's eyes widened and spun her head around on Mrs. Lee before she had finished pinning her hair down. Her mouth was open and it took a couple of seconds for the words to come out.
"You mean, he...he didn't want to marry me?"
A smile came to Mrs. Lee's face.
"Now, dear, the things we want and the things we need are two entirely different things. Most people just want a normal life, but that’s not what’s best for them. If anything, Han Joong came to realize you were a much better choice than all those curvy, make-up covered girls he went around with."
She placed her hands firmly on Sae-rim's head and swung it back around to the mirror, picking up where she had left off.
“What a boy wants changes when he becomes a man, so don’t worry about it.”
Sae-rim lifted an eyebrow at a particularly sharp stab of a hair pin.
“Girls are different?” she asked, worrying over her own youth. She was only sixteen. Would her feelings change too?
“No. Girls are the same, I guess,” Mrs. Lee said, “Just prettier.”
Sae-rim smiled but did it to please Mrs. Lee. She was worried about the future for many reasons. And she had a right to. Two days after her wedding, her husband left for the war against the north.
32


As soon as Chewy entered the hospital room, tears came streaming down. His mother was sitting upright, watching TV as if nothing had happened. He ran to hug her and she scooped him up in her arms with Mrs. Gill and Clint standing in the door.
After his mom let him go, he pushed backwards, looking up into her large eyes.
“Mom?” he said in Korean.
“It’s still me,” she said, smiling.
“I thought you might be…”
“We have a lot to talk about,” she said, telling him later by placing a finger over his lips.
Soon after, the doctor came in and checked her breathing and temperature. With everything appearing normal and still clueless to why she was sick in the first place, the doctor released her.
Her first steps in a couple of days were shaky. She lowered her legs slowly and took them with care. Everyone watched on.
Chewy stayed by her side to help her to the closet to get her clothes and within minutes, they were in the back seat of the Gills’ Accord heading for home.
Chewy helped his mom walk to the front step and turned to wave to the Gills as they left the driveway. Before the car had fully gone out of sight, Chewy felt a difference in his mother. She was no longer standing behind him.
Walking into the house, he watched his mother whisk around the kitchen, checking things.
“Fresh ginseng…new candles…an altar! Maybe the shed out back has something.”
With pursed lips, Chewy questioned what she was doing. She answered without even looking at him.
“Making a list of the things I need.”
“The things you need? So you are a mu-dang now?”
She stopped in the middle of the kitchen as if questioning some floating entity before responding.
“I’ve heard the spirit,” she started, then looked at him, “Your grandmother says ‘hi’ by the way.”
Then she was off down the hall, stopping abruptly at the closet and began tossing sheets out of it over her back.
“You spoke to grandma?” Chewy said, watching her from the living room with caution.
“Not really,” she said, “It’s more like things became clearer.”
Chewy continued to look at her confused and without looking at his face, she continued.
“Don’t worry, honey. It’s nothing to bother you about. The spirit of the mu-dang has entered my body and with it, I seem to have gained some memories, kind of, from your grandmother. When you bond with the spirit, all those that were with it before become a part of you. Make more sense now?”
Chewy shrugged and headed toward the TV hoping Transformers was on when his mother shouted out for him to stop. He nearly fell over at her voice.
“Noh Hee-Chu! You are not going to watch anymore violent movies. I’m not liking what I’m seeing in your head when you think of them.”
He stopped, looking at the blank screen and scrunched up his face.
“Then what should I do?”
“Why don’t you go study? Your grandmother’s power can’t do all the work for you, you know.”
Chewy’s eyes widened. She knew about his secret power now.
“Of course, I know about it. You think grandma wouldn’t have told me about that too.”
“But it was grandpa’s fault! He made me go out there and…I just helped someone who I thought was an old lady. How was I supposed to know it was my grandmother?”
His mother stomped her foot on the kitchen floor as she re-entered and Chewy tossed his shoulders up in shock.
“Don’t mention your grandfather again, you hear me?”
He looked and saw a very stern glare on his mother’s face. Her cheeks had never been so red, nor her eyes so focused on him.
“Alright,” he said, lifting his arms. His grandfather must have done something seriously wrong. His mother usually didn’t forbid anything.
“You want to know what he did? Is that it?”
“Mom!” Chewy yelled and his mom dropped a plastic saucer to the ground, spinning around to see him properly before he continued, “Stop doing that!”
She stared and saw his anger and frustration, “I’m sorry, honey. This is all new to me too. Please, give me time…and I’ll figure out what to do about it.”
“You did it again! You keep reading my mind!”
She put her hands up this time to calm him and pushed him into the kitchen chair while she sat in the other one.
“You’re right. I know you are, but this is hard to figure out…and all these voices keep popping up in my head, telling me different things like what you’re thinking, or telling me to go outside and clip the top off that half-dead juniper so that lightning doesn’t strike it tonight during another thunderstorm. I don’t know how to sort everything out yet. Please bear with me. I’ll try to control it.”
She looked at his face with her normal, large chestnut eyes. His mom was in there somewhere, especially at that moment, and he breathed out before answering.
“Just let me speak before you respond and I think I can get used to the rest.”
Both smiled at each other but before she could stand up, Chewy reached out and touched her hand, catching her eyes once again.
“Tell me one thing. Why are you angry at grandpa?”
She looked away from his face to the window and the red came back to her cheeks, and her eyes darkened. Then she turned back to him.
“He lied to us all, Chewy.”
“He said he had to. That was the only way so that you’d get married. If he hadn’t, I might never have been born.”
She pulled her hand out from under his and put it on top, squeezing.
“Your grandmother hasn’t shown me all the things your grandfather has done. I…I don’t understand it fully myself right now,” she said, looking about the room as if it were full of people, “But I do know that your grandmother didn’t become a mu-dang by mistake. It was punishment for something your grandfather did, and now I’m paying the price as well. Besides that, all I know is your grandmother is very angry.”
Chewy nodded.
“From the anger your grandmother’s shown me, I don’t want to talk to him ever again. And I want you to promise the same. You understand?”
Chewy nodded, but felt like crying. He knew his mother most likely saw his sadness and fear of losing his grandfather when she got up and left the room. He sat for a couple more minutes at the kitchen table, believing everything was done before she returned with her phone.
“We haven’t talked to your father yet,” she said, smiling, “I’m sure he would love to hear we’re doing better now.”
Seeing her smile, Chewy forgot about his grandfather for the moment and they called his father who again was woken in the middle of the night. This time, he was happy for the disturbance.
33


Although having been a family friend, Mrs. Lee treated Sae-rim like a normal Korean daughter-in-law. Her oldest son was important. After all, he was off fighting for his country. A young, pretty wife is good, but one day she would be neither young nor pretty. He deserved better. And so she got to work, molding and scolding Sae-rim into something more than an object of affection.
Sae-rim was woken up before five every morning to start breakfast with Mrs. Lee. By the time, Mr. Park and Joong Bum had come down to eat a little over two hours later, Sae-rim was about to collapse. The kitchen table was covered in side dishes of all sorts, fresh and well-presented. And as soon as breakfast finished, there were the pile of dishes waiting for her. Life never stopped.
The first month was hard on Sae-rim. Being the only child—and a daughter—her parents spoiled her. With them, she had grown into bad habits, lazy and soft. This was most likely where her baby face came from. In fact, her whole body had a layer of baby fat that proved her youthfulness. For this reason, her mistakes were easily overlooked by Mr. Park in the beginning, him enjoying the soft, cute features of a young girl. But soon, with work, Sae-rim grew lean and tough. The cuteness was no longer there, but she also learned quickly. Before they received any bad news, she had almost become the perfect wife.
Then one evening, Joong Bum didn't come home and the family worried. It was not like him to not be back home on time for dinner. By the next morning, he had still not returned, so Mr. Park went looking for his youngest son.
When he came home mid-afternoon, both Sae-rim and Mrs. Lee saw by his face that he didn't bring good news. He sat at the small kitchen table, his eyes hanging low, and breathed out slowly as if sighing before talking.
"He's joined the army."
Mrs. Lee nearly fell over and Sae-rim grabbed her, issuing her into a chair. She quickly got water and had the old mother take some sips before Mrs. Lee could speak.
"Why? He's still only seventeen. He has time."
The father shook his head.
"He volunteered."
“How could they let him? He’s not old enough!”
“You know as well as I do that he has an older face. He looks identical to Han Joong at times.”
Mrs. Lee grabbed her heart muttering over and over again 'why?'
"They hadn't shipped him out yet so I was able to talk to him."
Mrs. Lee leaned forward in hope. Sae-rim held onto her, afraid of more bad news.
"He said he wanted to make us proud. He could see how all of us praised Han Joong," he said, pointing to both Sae-rim and Mrs. Lee, "He just wanted the same."
He reached out and held his wife's hand and both cried while Sae-rim ran around the kitchen grabbing more water and tissue. That night, little was eaten.
A cloud hung over the house for the next couple of months. It was clear that Joong Bum was held in high regard in the household. War was not meant for him. He was the baby and Mrs. Lee now worried she might lose two sons to the north. Even so, she truly never expected to hear the news that came three months later.
Sae-rim had been out in the garden and hadn't heard the commotion in the house until she neared the back door. She dropped the carrots she had gathered and ran inside, finding Mrs. Lee collapsed on the floor. In her hand was a newly-arrived letter. Sae-rim picked Mrs. Lee up and nestled her onto the couch, but the old woman kept heaving and sobbing.
"What? What is it?" Sae-rim cried.
All Mrs. Lee could do was point to the letter on the ground. Sae-rim picked it up and read.

To Mr. Park

We regret to inform you that your son, Park Joong Bum, is missing in action. It appears that during the last run by the northern offensive, your son's unit was overtaken. What has happened to him or his unit are, as of yet, unknown as both lay behind enemy lines. The north is a ruthless enemy. We can only assume that your son will not return.

Sae-rim hugged Mrs. Lee who began to wail as if having seen her son die in front of her. She clawed at Sae-rim's back, praying that it was a mistake, that something good would happen to fix it. She cried for four more days without stopping. Both Mr. Park and Sae-rim didn't know what to do but kept trying to console her, to make her feel better.
During the middle of the fourth night it stopped and, on the fifth morning, Sae-rim woke to a quiet house. She got up and started breakfast as normal, rubbing her eyes, trying not to think of what had happened. Mr. Park came out but did not eat. And then, both sat on the couch waiting. At nine, although feeling crushed by fatigue, Sae-rim and Mr. Park carried Mrs. Lee's body out the backdoor to the small mountain in back and buried her.
Sae-rim was now the woman of the house.
34


Catching up with Clint on his walk to school Monday morning, Chewy was sure his friend could already read the frustration on his face and his relief at having someone to share it with.
“Everything!” he said, throwing his arms up as they went down the sidewalk, “She knows everything!”
Clint pushed forward, saying, “You mean she knows all about mu-dangs?”
“I wish! It seems that’s the one thing she doesn’t understand much about. Though it certainly didn’t stop her.”
Clint wrinkled his brow.
“Stop her from doing what?”
Chewy bit his lip in anger before answering.
“From having a séance in the living room!”
“But she only got out of the hospital on Saturday,” Clint said.
Chewy started rubbing his temples.
“You tell her that. I wake up Sunday morning to a ‘Park’ family knocking on our door for a naming. And then, after lunch, some ‘Lee’ family drove three hours to find our house to get a consultation on an upcoming wedding.”
Clint’s mouth hung open as he kept walking, listening.
“That’s not the worst part. She won’t stop predicting small things. On Saturday, she said lightning was going to hit our juniper, and, sure enough, our house shook in the middle of the night due to a lightning strike and looking out the window we saw a fried tree, smoking away.”
“She’s predicting the future?” Clint said, half in awe.
Chewy snorted and started crossing the street.
“Where are you going?” Clint said, hobbling across the road, throwing his head around anxiously to see if any on-coming cars were coming.
“I don’t know! All she said was ‘when you get to the fire-hydrant, cross the street.’ You think I’m enjoying this.”
Hoisting himself up over the curb, Clint grabbed his friend’s backpack to slow him down. Chewy had been so angry he was marching down the sidewalk.
“Be happy. Your mom’s back at least.”
“It doesn’t feel like my mom, well, it feels like my mom but that somehow she’s sharing her body with too many other people. I just want my mom! Not all these other voices she keeps telling me that talk to her.”
At that moment, a dirt bike flew down the sidewalk across the street and slammed into a rough edge too hard, tossing the rider into the nearby lawn while the bike flipped and slid down across the cement.
Clint froze.
“We would’ve been standing right there!” he said, slowly raising his finger to where the toppled bike lay.
“That’s my point!” Chewy started up again. “If she’d just leave things alone, maybe with us walking over there, that guy wouldn’t have fallen off in the first place.”
“What is wrong with you?” Clint said, staring at Chewy, “That’s amazing! She just saved our lives. Why is that bad?”
“Because it doesn’t end there! She keeps reading my mind too.”
Clint’s eyes grew large and Chewy nodded.
“That’s right. She knows what I’m thinking at all times. I can’t do anything without her knowing. Like this morning, she saw the lunch menu for today—potatoes, bread roll, and sausage links—and she oh-so-subtly suggested I eat the bread roll for nourishment.”
“So what?”
“I was thinking about how I always trade it with you for your sausage links. Then, after I told her I’d eat it but secretly planned to trade it anyways, I could tell she knew and was trying to find a way to express it to me without it sounding like she got it from my head. This has been happening all weekend!”
Clint started walking again, saying, “Wow! Now I’m sort of glad my mom’s an out-of-work librarian.”
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m happy to have my mom back, but all of these new changes are sudden. And on top of that, I can’t think or talk about my grandfather.”
Clint shrugged, asking why.
“I don’t know. Supposedly, he’s the cause for this mu-dang spirit in my family. He did something horrible and now the whole family is being punished, but she won’t say what. Says my grandmother won’t even tell her. They talk regularly now.”
“Well,” Clint said, hoping to cheer his friend up, “At least you can escape to school to get away from her.”
Chewy stopped and wrinkled his brow.
“With my mom and everything, I completely forgot about school. I haven’t had any time at all to think about the Grumblys or that girl, Becky.”
Chewy saw them in his head again all entering the school on Saturday. He was happy to have not been around when they found out he had escaped from the classroom but he felt unprepared to go to school without some kind of back-up plan. He felt naked.
“There’s no way they told a teacher. I mean, I didn’t do anything wrong,” Chewy started talking out loud for the benefit of himself and Clint who would glance back in his direction while staring at the sidewalk. “You think I got anything to worry about?”
He looked to Clint. His brain was barely focused with his mom and the mystery about his grandfather. The Grumblys seemed miniscule in comparison
“Well…”
Chewy looked at him sharply.
“Well what?”
“I didn’t know how to tell you this on Friday, but I kind of overheard some other students talking about you.”
Chewy noticed Clint pause, not knowing how to proceed, but pushed him on with a nudge.
“Someone’s been spreading rumors about you saying the only reason you came to America was because you got kicked out of your last school.”
Chewy started walking again, shaking his head.
“I can’t believe this. I can’t even go to school to take a break,” he tilted his head up to the sky and muttered, “Some power, grandma.”
“That’s not the worst of it,” Clint continued, “Many believe you were specifically kicked out of school for cheating. This explains your perfect scores.”
Chewy dropped his head. These things happened all the time in Korea. One person started a rumor and soon, all through the internet and phone-messaging, everyone knew and would look down on you. More than a few committed suicide as a result. In that way, Chewy thought, Korea and school were similar. Both were small, tightly-linked communities that believed too quickly and judged too harshly.
Clint put his hand on Chewy’s back as they crossed the fence into the back field. Children were running around as usual, or muddled in groups on the blacktop. Both headed toward the far door where Mr. Frank stood.
“Just think. A week ago everything was normal, well, except for the Grumblys. It can only get better, right?”
Chewy nodded to Clint’s comment as Clint entered the school, leaving him alone in a sea of eyes that seemed to flicker their distrust in him.
35


A year after Mrs. Lee’s death, Han Joong returned from the war. It had been so long since Sae-rim had seen him or even been in the same room with him that the first couple of days were awkward. She kept herself hidden in the kitchen preparing meals, tea, and coffee, hoping the tension would soon leave. At night, Han Joong went to bed first and only many hours later did Sae-rim join him, making sure he was soundly asleep before entering the bedroom.
With time, things became easier for her, she adjusted, but Han Joong had changed. The sweet protective nature he shared with Sae-rim was gone and she longed to hear him call her ‘my little Sae-rim’ again. But he never did. His mother and brother’s death seemed to weigh heavily upon him. He had grown cold.
A month after his return, Han Joong took a job in a far-off city and told her to stay there in their hometown to take care of his aging father. He would send them money every month, and then, he was gone. Her lonely life as the woman of the house returned and she only saw Han Joong on holidays, twice a year.
Life continued this way for ten years. To Sae-rim, it felt like the war had never ended. She barely believed she was married. Mr. Park had grown so weak that she took orders from no one and did whatever she wanted whenever she wanted. Still, she kept a tidy house and prepared spectacular meals every day. Habit had set in on her.
Everyone in town knew she took care of Mr. Park. It had been so long since Mrs. Lee’s death that some even believed she was his actual daughter. Few spoke to her when she made her way through the open street markets, her basket on her arm, but she grabbed attention. She was only in her late twenties and still quite beautiful. People began to say that the old man refused other men from marrying her and her quiet nature only brought the wrong stares from passing men.
One day, while Sae-rim checked some fresh fish, a man not much older than herself, stopped beside her, looking her up and down. Sae-rim didn’t even notice him and moved onto the next stall, hoping for a better selection of anchovies for Mr. Park’s weakening strength. The man followed but this time slid his hand around her waist, smiling at her.
Sae-rim looked up into his face, his eyes glowing, and took his hand throwing it away. In her mind, she had become as strong as that young bride wished to be. She walked off, hearing the laughter. The man’s friends chided him for his bad luck. Each day from then on, Sae-rim found men following her, touching her. They never seemed to leave her alone.
Then everything changed again with Mr. Park’s death.
Hearing of his father’s passing, Han Joong returned to bury him next to his mother in the mountain. Both Sae-rim and he stood over the graves in silent prayer, but the years of waiting caught up with her and she couldn’t hold herself back any longer.
“Han Joong, I don’t want to be alone anymore.”
He lowered his head to her. His eyes were distant and shrouded in black circles. Then he looked away as if to say ‘no.’
She grabbed his sleeve, tears coming to her eyes.
“I’m almost thirty, Han Joong. I want a baby. I need a baby and if I don’t have one soon, I’m afraid I never will.”
She paused for a moment, staring at his mouth.
“Please, we still have time.”
A tear rolled down his cheek.
“It’s okay,” she said, pulling his face toward hers, “We will get through it together and then…we will move on. Our lives don’t end here, Han Joong. There is still much more for us to do. I can feel it.”
She raised herself up on her tip-toes and kissed his lips, feeling his rugged face poke her. Startled, he stepped backwards. She dropped her hands, feeling a great loss come over her and began to cry as if nothing were left. She fell to the ground, the tears pouring out, but she was silent. And then he finally spoke.
“We will try.”
His voice shook her and she threw her tear-lined face up to see him. His eyes were red but she could see compassion in them.
“Give me time,” he asked.
She nodded, wiping her tears away on her sleeve. She stood up and tried to hold his hand but after a few seconds, he snatched it away, but to halt further tears, said, “In time, I will.”
They walked down the mountain in silence, but inside Sae-rim, her heart was exploding. Her love had returned and she couldn’t wait to enjoy a normal wife’s life with the man she always dreamed of.
But, like Han Joong had told her, it took him time. Days turned into weeks turned into years, and slowly, through it all he began to warm up.
One day, about three years after returning, Han Joong decided to accompany her on her weekly shopping trip. She charged down the aisles like normal, feeling his ghost-like presence always a stall or two behind her, watching the old, wrinkled women and their wares.
Within minutes, Sae-rim found herself in her routine, forgetting Han Joong as she dashed between vendors, filling her basket. It wasn’t till nearly the end of her trip that one of those horrid men snuck up behind her. He first cooed in her ear and then tossed his arm up over her bare shoulders. However, before his arm even landed, the man’s hand was pulled up into the air and he had been thrown to the ground into the leaking water from the fish displays.
Sae-rim whirled around, catching Han Joong’s large figure standing over the man. He said, “If I ever—ever!—see you trying to lay another finger on her, I’ll make sure you have no fingers left to use. Understand?”
The man cowered on the ground, nodding.
“Go tell your friends the same,” Han Joong scowled, pointing in the direction of a bunch of men further down the dark aisle.
Afterwards, he turned and put his own arm around Sae-rim’s shoulder. In this manner, they left the market. Sae-rim felt her heart throbbing. Since their marriage, he had not touched her until that day. She could barely contain her happiness.
With the coming years, he opened up further until, four years later, Han Joong came home from the local factory to find his wife of thirty-seven crying on the couch. He ran to her and held her in his arms, kissing her tears.
“What’s wrong?”
He still never called her ‘his little Sae-rim’ and she stroked his face with her hand. A smile came to her lips, breaking through the tears and she brought his hand down to her stomach. His mouth dropped open.
“Are you sure?” he asked.
She nodded, laughing and crying at the same time.
They were going to have a daughter.
36


The day only got worse. Chewy found no one would even attempt talking to him. If he walked up to them, they either turned their backs and pretended he wasn’t there or walked away entirely. By lunchtime, he felt so isolated and alone he thought he’d cry and was unbelievably overwhelmed to see Clint. Both took their trays over to the far corner. Nobody even got close to sitting near them.
“It’s worse than I thought,” Chewy started, “Even Keith won’t talk to me. I mean, when a guy who puts boogers on his desks won’t talk to you, that’s bad.”
Clint pushed the potatoes around with a fork as Chewy switched his roll with Clint’s sausages. Popping one in his mouth, he finally noticed Clint was distracted with something and asked what was going on.
“I’ve found out some new things in my class.”
Chewy nodded, pushing him on.
“First of all, they’re all saying you’re worse than Kent. You’re the new, biggest bully in school and the same way we wished the Grumblys would just disappear is pretty much how everyone feels about you.”
“That’s all?” Chewy said, lowering his eyes. He felt immensely tired. His eyes hadn’t disappeared once that day in a smile.
“You’re not alone at least. They say I’m your sidekick.”
Chewy looked up at his friend’s weak grin and lifted an eyebrow.
“Why do you seem happy?”
“It’s the most anybody’s noticed or talked about me in a while. They all know my name now. I’m not just the crippled kid to them.”
“One good thing came out of it then, yeah?” Chewy said, trying to put his best face forward to keep Clint in a cheery mood but Clint continued without noticing.
“That’s not all. Before lunch, I went to my locker and, well, I found this.”
He slid a note over to Chewy’s side of the table so he could read it.

Kent and those girls spreading rumors are working together now. They plan to ransack you after school. Don’t leave from the back.

p.s. Those girls are now telling everyone that you didn’t come to study in America. Instead, you were chased out of your old school for graffiti.

Chewy looked up at Clint with question marks in his eyes.
“What’s graffiti?”
Clint took a swig of milk before answering.
“It’s when you spray-paint on the walls.”
“Great,” Chewy said, running a hand through his hair, then, looking back at Clint, said, “You found this in your locker?”
“It was taped to the inside wall. You think it’s telling the truth?”
Chewy scrunched up his nose after putting a potato in his mouth.
“Maybe. It could also be a trap, but I guess we’ll find out after school. You have any idea who may’ve left it?”
Clint shook his head.
“I was hoping you knew. I don’t know many people anyways, remember? And as far as I know, you don’t have many friends either anymore.”
Chewy nodded solemnly and looked down at his empty tray. He was dreading his trip to the playground, but said, “Let’s get it over with.”
Both stood up and put their trays away, heading down the hall toward the outside doors. At the corner, Clint stopped, nodded and wished Chewy good luck. Chewy stared at his friend’s back going down the hall for a bit before turning to the doors.
Outside was a bright mid-October day, and Chewy covered his eyes once again, looking from group to group. His sensitivity to their stares had grown and he could tell everyone was purposely ignoring him. He decided to take a seat in the shade next to the building, slipping his knees up to his chest.
He still didn’t want to think about his mom so pondered over the strange note Clint got. Who could’ve given it?
He figured it might be best to cross off who it wasn’t first. So he Xed out Kent’s name on the list in his head. Chewy still wanted to know what happened around the fourth grade to set Kent off but figured whatever it was probably didn’t make him too sympathetic to Chewy’s problems.
Next, he crossed off Becky and Susie. Becky was the one to trap him in the classroom, pushing him to the ground. And Susie was the one responsible for starting all those rumors. No, they didn’t write the note. That left only one other person. Chewy shook his head at the thought of it.
Tom Grumbly.
He wasn’t sure if that was it, though. True, in his diary, he seemed to not like Kent’s behavior, and both he and Clint did agree that Tom acted more the henchman to Kent than an instigator. But, was this enough to get him to betray this newly formed anti-Chewy group? Chewy wasn’t sure.
Even recalling the handwriting from the diary was little help. The note was short enough to hide any ticks. No loops or hearts over the I’s or anything. The writing, in fact, looked rather plain and so could have come from anyone. Still he was pretty sure the girls were a ‘no.’ It looked like nothing was going to be easy.
Suddenly, the weight of his problems at home and school hit him and he sank lower against the wall. He remembered his grandma’s words up on the mountain.
“When you hear my question later, your answer won’t offer you as much peace as you’d like to believe.”
He agreed. His life was a bigger mess now than before he ever got his silly power. She was right about that much.

As soon as Clint saw Chewy leave Mrs. Shapiro’s classroom at the end of the day, he marched up noisily to him from his hiding place around the corner. Grabbing Chewy’s arm, he pointed him to the front doors and started pulling hard.
“I don’t know who gave us that note but they were right,” he said, his breath coming out hard, “While waiting for you, I’ve been keeping an eye on the door and good thing you’re routinely late. They got impatient at one point and started peeking in the back doors.”
“Who?” Chewy quickly interjected before Clint stole his momentum back.
“Kent, Tom, Susie, Becky…they’re all back there waiting. I’m happy it’s so dark right now so they can’t see us. Also, I’ve been thinking about who our note writer could be and I remembered something.”
He stopped, shifting his head back and forth at the front doors to make sure no one was outside before pushing through them. In the late day sun, he continued, both heading along the front sidewalk taking the long route home.
“Last Saturday, when you were trapped in the classroom, a boy came up telling me you were in there. I think maybe he’s been doing all of this.”
"I'm not so sure," Chewy started as they dashed past the younger kids’ playground to the opposite street. Chewy explained his theory of Tom being their mystery helper and his reasons. Hearing it, Clint shook his head.
"That sounds good and all, but none of that explains the kid on Saturday."
"Do you remember what he looks like?" Chewy asked as they started walking again, turning the corner in the direction of their homes.
"It happened so fast. I didn't know I'd have to remember him for later. All I do remember is he had blondish hair."
"Susie has blond hair," Chewy mumbled, looking upward.
Clint shook his head again.
"There's no way it'd be Susie. She may've had a crush on you, but everyone knows what happens if you turn her down."
"Still, maybe the Grumblys have a cousin that we aren't aware of or even Susie or Becky. Do you know anything about them?"
Clint frowned. He was afraid to say anything after his 'twin' information about the Grumblys turned out wrong. He knew Chewy wouldn't hold it against him, but still secretly wanted to look good by his best friend.
Before he could say more, the gap in the fence appeared on their right. Clint was about to cross the street when Chewy grabbed his arm, pulling him over to the fence.
"Come on! Don't you want to see?"
They peeked around the opening and saw four figures standing around the door. Clearly, on the right were the two girls, Susie's hair shimmering in the sun and with Becky's short stature, she was easy to pick out. That went double for Tom's large, round form on the other side of the door with Kent's taller figure beside it.
"They still have no idea we're not inside," Clint said, hiding back behind the fence, afraid to be seen. Before he could do anything else, Chewy launched himself around the corner and cawed out at the group.
"You'll have to do better than that if you want to catch up with me!"
Clint stared at him bug-eyed.
"What are you doing?"
Chewy grabbed Clint's bag off his back and started running toward Clint's house. Seeing Chewy dart off, Clint joined in. He avoided the sidewalk for the grass, hoping it would be easier going, but found his pace slowing down quickly. By the time they got to Clint's block, both boys were heaving and Chewy looked behind them. Nobody was there.
"Why?" Clint heaved, bent over.
"We need them to try and get us again."
"How does that help us?"
"Hopefully, our secret note writer will help us another time too. With a little extra info, we should be able to figure out better who it is."
"You know," Clint said, almost falling over on his lawn, "I'd almost not mind never knowing who's helping us if it meant the Grumblys would leave us alone. Some mysteries don't need to be solved, Chewy."
Chewy smiled and helped his friend to his door.
"I have a mind-reading mom and have become ostracized by everyone at school. This mystery, it's all I got left to keep me going."
Clint nodded and they went inside.
37


That night at home all the tension of the past couple days unraveled and by the least likely of people, his grandmother.
Shortly after leaving Clint, Chewy came in the front door. The smell of burnt fig hung in the air, and, glancing down the hall, he saw that the master bedroom’s door was closed. His mom had moved her antics from the living room to some place more personal.
He went into his room and lay down on the bed, reviewing the day with his eyes closed. He was still quite convinced it was Tom and hoped his little taunt at them would set up another opportunity to figure out this mystery. He sat up, hearing the bedroom door open and a shuffle of feet as a couple left the house. How long would all of this go on? His mother’s voice said goodbye at the door and then it closed.
"This is who I am now, Chewy. You have to accept it."
Chewy clenched his teeth wanting to scream and finally said, "Stay out of my head!"
He got up and stood in the hallway, glaring at his mom. She looked back at him and before either could say another word, the phone rang. Chewy moved toward the kitchen to answer it when his mom yelled out.
"Don't pick it up. It's your grandfather. He's been calling all day."
"I don't care. He's my family too!" he said, marching to the phone.
"I said, don't pick up that phone!"
Her voice boomed so loudly, tears came to Chewy’s eyes. She rarely yelled.
"Mom, I love you, but it's grandpa and...what am I supposed to do?"
His mother slouched forward as if defeated. Chewy lowered his head, embarrassed by his actions and her voice came to him weak and cracked.
"My little Hee-Chu."
He looked up sharply at his mother’s darkening face and could barely get the words out of his mouth. His mom never called him that.
"Grandma?"
She nodded. Looking into her eyes, Chewy saw they were a darker color than before.
"Is mom still in there?"
"Of course, she is. And I'm sorry for all of this, but you have to see I'm doing it for a reason. You can't talk to your grandfather. Please, understand."
He tilted his head to see her more clearly.
"Tell me why. Can't you see it's tearing me and mom apart?"
His mom’s body lowered into the kitchen chair and stuck out a hand for him to do the same. He sat across from her and she started.
“My little Hee-Chu, you need to promise not to tell your mother."
“Doesn't she know already?”
His mother shook her head.
“I still have a little control over things. I'm making sure she doesn't see what your grandfather’s done.”
“Then how do you expect me to not tell her. As soon as I know she'll read it in my head.”
His mom winked at him.
“Let me worry about that. If you don't tell her, she won't know.”
Chewy nodded in agreement and his grandmother leaned backwards, resting her back.
"Your grandfather didn't tell you everything on the phone. He wouldn't dare. He’d end up losing everything then. That's why he never told you about me."
She rubbed her chin and continued.
“Back in 1950, I married a man named Park Han Joong.”
Chewy recognized his grandfather’s name immediately and leaned forward.
She went on to explain how they had married and then about his brother, Joong Bum’s disappearance in the war. She paused at Mrs. Lee’s death, brushing a tear from her eye before continuing about life after Han Joong had returned.
Afterwards, she paused, getting up to pour some simmering tea. Chewy realized this must have been the odor he smelt upon coming home. She took a sip to clear her voice as she had been talking for quite a while and then continued.
“It took time for Han Joong to warm up to me after finding out his father was dead. But luckily, I was a young wife and eventually got pregnant. Your grandfather has already told you what happened next, but he left out a very important part.”
His grandma looked up at the ceiling as if looking for a face and then lowered her eyes on Chewy.
“Your grandfather and I didn't know what was going to happen to me after I accepted the mu-dang’s powers. We had no idea and, in the beginning, everything was fine until one night a horrible dream came to me. It was filled with dark clouds and a scary image of a woman looking down upon our house. Shortly after, my powers began to show themselves.”
Chewy suddenly remembered his own dreams from weeks earlier and shuddered at how similar they sounded. His grandmother coughed, disrupting his thoughts, and then continued.
“At first, I could only see future events. In her first year, I saved your mother from a nasty fall where she would've broken her nose. It seemed these powers might be helpful and I was happy. But then I began reading thoughts. If you thought mind-reading is causing problems for you, you have no idea what I went through.”
She took another sip and breathed deeply.
“Your mother’s thoughts were light and cheerful. There was nothing happier than to see what a young child was thinking. Your grandfather was a different story. His thoughts were dark and full of pain. I could see he was hiding something. And I waited. I knew my powers would grow. In time, I would know.”
She grabbed Chewy’s hand and tears came to her eyes.
“I wish I had never known his thoughts. Then, maybe, everything would be happier.”
“Grandma, what did you see?”
She swallowed hard before speaking.
“I saw that the man you call ‘grandfather’ was not my husband. He was not Park Han Joong. You have to remember I married him very young and spent very little time with him until thirteen years later. How should I have known the difference?”
“What are you saying, Grandma?” he said, looking deep into her dark eyes.
“The man that came back to me from the war was Han Joong’s brother, Joong Bum, not my husband. And he lied about it to everyone, pretending to be his older brother.”
“But why?”
She retracted her hand from Chewy's.
“That I’m not sure of. His mind was filled with so much pain and anger that I couldn’t tell what was real or not. I still have no idea why he did it or what happened to cause them to switch places, but I know that he is not the man I married.”
“So he’s not my grandfather?” Chewy said, tears coming to his eyes, remembering all the times he spent playing with him.
“He is your mother’s father. All of that is true, which means he is your real grandfather and I am your real grandmother. He is just not the man I married. He is a liar.”
She paused, trying to control the anger in her voice and started again more softly.
“After burying his father, I begged him to stay, telling him I wanted a family. At this time, I had thought he was Han Joong. After getting my powers, I saw what he thought at that moment on the mountain. If Han Joong had been there, he’d have this beautiful wife and happy future and…Joong Bum felt left out. He wanted that too, so he kept up his lie and came back to live with me.”
She lifted her head to hold back more anger, continuing.
“He thought no one would figure it out. They both had always looked similar and any other difference he could always blame on the war. He never expected I'd be able to read his thoughts. When I discovered what he had done, I confronted him and he begged forgiveness. He had a daughter now. How could he leave her?”
She grabbed the bridge of her nose as tears came out.
“I came to realize I couldn't live with a man who wasn't my husband. I didn't want to leave your mother either, but if I stayed, it felt like I was telling Joong Bum it was okay what he had done. So I moved into the mountains and didn't see any of them again until your mother brought you to me for a name. Seeing your future, I saw that all of the bad things in our lives were due to him. By lying, he brought the mu-dang powers upon our family—upon your mother.”
She then lowered her head to look into Chewy’s eyes and spoke softly but firmly.
“Now you must understand, my little Hee-Chu, this is why I’ve hidden it too. If your mother found out, I…I don’t know how she’d react. Believing a person is one thing all your life only to find out they are something else entirely can be devastating. I don’t believe your mother would be able to handle it. So you need to promise me, my little Hee-Chu, that you will keep this from her at all costs.”
Chewy nodded solemnly before speaking.
“I promise, Grandma. I won’t tell.”
Then she suddenly lifted her head as if hearing a far-off voice, and added, “There is one more thing though. There will come a time when you will have to tell another living person about everything I’ve told you today. I must tell you now, that no one else—no one—must know about this secret except for that one person, and you must promise that no one else beyond that person will know.”
Chewy looked at her questioningly.
“Okay, I promise, but how will I know who I’m supposed to tell?”
His grandma smiled.
“When the time is right, you will know. Just wait and trust your instincts. You’ve done well so far. I’ve been watching and I’m very proud.”
“Thanks,” he said with a smile.
She twitched her head and said, “Thanks for what?”
Chewy looked up into her eyes and saw the light chestnut hue of his mom’s again.
“Thanks for talking to me, Mom. I feel much better now.”
He got up and went back to his bedroom while his mom sat there trying to figure out what she had said that was so helpful.
38


People never were what they said they were. Kent knew it, and this only meant something strange was going on. He knew Chewy had a special knack for getting out of tight situations, so once or twice could be a coincidence, but over the past two days, no, something else was happening.
Kent marched down the sidewalk. The afternoon sun sat low over the housetops and the air slowly chilled as it did in mid-October. None of it bothered Kent. He stayed focused…and angry.
The day before, somehow that little Asian had escaped him after school and then openly mocked him from behind at the gap in the fence. Thinking about it again brought blood to Kent’s face and his steps fell heavier. He had wanted to chase Chewy down then and pummel him. But it wasn’t just this slip up.
The fall festival kept creeping into Kent’s mind as well. And why wouldn’t it? Although he couldn’t prove it, he was positive that short, hooded figure that had dunked him was Chewy. When Susie brought him to the classroom where supposedly he was detained, to find he had escaped miraculously, only convinced Kent further that it was him.
His face had only gotten redder after searching the classroom for Chewy until stopping by the back bookshelf. The air duct to the next classroom hung open. He knew he himself would never be able to climb through it but Chewy—easy. He kicked one desk over in frustration and saw this deeply disturbed the girls. They were worried he’d take it out on them, so when Susie suggested they work together to trap Chewy, it seemed perfect. And yet, still he was slipping through their fingers.
Kent moved faster along the sidewalk. He knew Tom was somewhere behind him but didn’t want him to catch up. This time he was going to do it alone. He had to because he was pretty sure there was a snitch.
What sealed this feeling for him happened at lunchtime earlier that day. Tom and he were going to jump Chewy again as soon as he entered the lunchroom. True, this meant probably another suspension, but Kent was tired of being made a fool. He would risk that much for revenge and yet Chewy never showed up. He found out later, Chewy sat out the lunchtime in front of the principal’s office. He had used that magical pass of his again.
This time there was no way for Chewy to know ahead of time. This meant that Tom, Susie or Becky had warned him. And Kent kicked himself for it. Of all people, he should’ve known not to trust others. It seemed like he was learning the same lesson over and over, and here it was again. No one to trust, but yourself.
So after lunch, he figured he’d mislead the girls by saying he’d be waiting out front for Chewy, and that’s where the girls sat while he slipped out the back with Tom. And Tom was even easier. Kent just had to pick up his pace and soon found his brother heaving and wheezing for air blocks behind. There was no one left to betray him now.
The little yellow house Kent knew to be Chewy’s came up on his right after crossing the bridge. Chewy was always late leaving school so that gave Kent enough time to figure out what he wanted to do and he sat down on the step in front of Chewy’s door.
However, as much as Kent thought, he couldn’t help looking around at where Chewy lived. He came from Korea and got a nice place like this to live in with his mom cooking for him. Kent knew Chewy’s dad stayed back in Korea to pay for it all. Chewy had said as much on his first day, or so Susie had related to Kent. Both parents caring for him so much. Kent hated him more and got up to look around at this privilege kid’s life.
That’s when he heard the sound. It was low, coming from behind the house, or at least that’s what Kent thought as he wandered back around. In the backyard, he saw a small, wooden shed with the door swinging open. As he got closer, the moaning grew stronger and he peeked in, startled by what he saw.
He had no idea how his life was about to change.

“Are you serious?” Chewy yelled at Clint, bouncing down the sidewalk toward home. They had snuck out the back after getting a note that his anti-fan club was waiting out front. Chewy was thrilled. Two notes from their secret helper in one day! And now, Clint had told him amazing news.
“I figure—why not? We need to celebrate, right?” Clint said, hobbling thoughtfully down the sidewalk. Chewy smiled. Clint had decided to brave the bridge to go to Chewy’s house. He hadn’t crossed it since the accident.
“When we get to my house, I’m sure my mom will make food. She’ll be so happy.”
Clint made a face before responding.
“Please nothing spicy,” he coughed, “And only vegetables I’ve heard of before.”
Chewy grinned back at him.
“I promise nothing.”
And both friends stopped at the foot of the bridge.
“Are you sure?” Chewy murmured. He didn’t want to force Clint into anything he wasn’t ready for. All day long, he had thought about what his grandmother had told him. Only one person could know. He felt bad for not telling Clint, but now that Clint had decided to face his fears, maybe that meant he was the one Chewy was to share his grandmother’s story with. He hoped so, but still waited. His instincts didn’t seem to be too receptive at the moment.
Clint glanced at Chewy and then stumbled out onto the bridge. Only a few steps out and Clint’s breath became heavier than usual. Maybe he should turn back, thought Chewy, shuffling along behind him. He wanted to make sure he’d be able to catch him should his legs give out with fear. However, by the time Clint reached the other end, Chewy was dancing around again.
“Just for that sign of bravery, I’m going to ask my mom to make the spiciest daro she can.”
“What’s a daro?”
“I don’t know the English word for it but it is awesome!”
Clint began to turn his legs around to head back over the bridge toward his own house before Chewy jumped in front of him with his hands up.
“I’m kidding! We have some ice cream. Don’t worry.”
Clint stared at Chewy for a minute with distrust but eventually turned back toward Chewy’s house. A block later, Clint spoke up.
“What’s a daro look like anyway?”
“No idea! I made it up.”
Clint swung a fake punch at Chewy but he was too fast and had his front door open before Clint got anywhere near him.
“Mom! I’m home,” he shouted, “You’ll never guess the good news I’ve got. Guess who came home with me?”
His mother limped out of the bathroom with blood-stained gauze wrapped around her left leg. Chewy dropped his backpack instantly, running to her side, and helped her to the couch. Clint came in and moved over next to them. By now, both had forgotten their good news.
“What happened?” Chewy exclaimed in Korean, staring at the leg.
His mother squinted at him, trying to find the words.
“I needed to make a proper altar for…” she paused, looking at Clint, “I see you’ve told him what I do. Make sure you translate this for him afterwards. It involves him too.”
Chewy’s eyebrows flew up.
“How does it involve Clint?”
His mother breathed out heavily and said, “Well, I went to that back shed. I remember seeing a discarded table in there that would work perfectly. Unfortunately, I’m not as strong as your grandmother.”
She looked at her thin, feminine arms and continued.
“It fell on my leg and pinned me. I wasn’t too badly hurt and all, but…”
“But what?” Chewy pressed.
“I figured you’d be back shortly to help so I waited, but someone else showed up instead.”
Chewy’s eyes grew and an image popped in his head. He saw Kent’s dark hair and baggy jeans come into view. He shook thinking about it and then saw his mom nod.
“That’s him. That black-haired boy you just thought of. He’s the one who helped me.”
39


“So, since Kent helped your mom, does that mean he got to make a wish too?” Clint asked Chewy after he had translated what his mother had said. Chewy hadn’t even thought of it and turned to his mother’s nodding head.
“Why?” he yelped.
“Your grandmother did the same thing for you. He helped me and I had no other way to repay him. I could see in his head that money wasn’t important.”
Chewy sank onto the couch next to his mom, his hands on the side of his head in disbelief. Clint looked at him and then his mom before speaking.
“I take it she granted Kent’s wish. So, what is it?”
Chewy’s mom shook her head when Chewy looked to her.
“Sorry. Mu-dangs aren’t allowed to talk too much about the things they do for others.”
Chewy tossed his hands up, hearing her respond to Clint’s question.
“You understand English now?”
Again, she shook her head.
“No. Just read his thoughts. As much as we want to believe otherwise, language has little to do with thinking. Words are just interpretations of our thoughts.”
“You’re staying out of my head though, right?” Chewy asked.
“As much as possible,” she said, lifting her leg that still felt cramped.
Chewy shrugged, feeling fine with that.
“What’d she say?” Clint asked.
“She can’t tell us. Mu-dangs’ special code or something.”
Clint tilted his head upward, thinking, and then said, “Is there any way she can tell us what’s going to happen to us now that he has this unknown power?”
Chewy glanced over at his mom and she began shaking her again.
“I don’t think my mom’s going to be much help,” Chewy answered with a sigh.
“It’s not that, Chewy,” she said, coughing slightly as she straightened her back, “He’s asking about multiple people’s futures. It’s not quite that easy then.”
She slid forward on the couch and placed her hands in front of her as if looking at a screen and continued.
“You see, a mu-dang tells someone’s future by reading the patterns of their thoughts. With that, it is quite easy to see how they will react to new events in the course of their lives. Your friend, Kent, is particularly easy. His thought pathways are thick. He won’t be changing anytime soon. He feels the world owes him something for being disadvantaged. He’s been cheated and lied to and, maybe, one day, something will knock him for a loop and get his thinking on another path, but until that time…”
She looked down in disappointment.
“It’s seems like you pretty much have it nailed down. Kent’s going to move forward like a bulldozer hurting people, like he’s always done. What’s so hard?” Chewy asked.
His mother’s eyes slid to the side to see him better, her hands still out before her imaginary screen.
“Because you’re a big question mark, Chewy.”
Chewy lowered his eyebrows in confusion as his mom continued.
“From moment to moment, I can read your thoughts as they come in,” she said, quickly putting her hands up to calm him down, “But I don’t. I promised I wouldn’t. However, your future thinking patterns are much harder. At this moment, your thought waves are between two choices and you haven’t figured out which way to go…yet.”
Chewy stood up slowly. Clint flopped his head between the two hoping for an explanation but Chewy stayed silent, hoping his friend would take the hint to wait.
“What are the two choices?” Chewy continued.
“I’m not really sure. But what I do know, without getting too much inside your head, is it has to do with that question you keep thinking about.”
Chewy looked at her again as he thought about his first day in school and what Becky had said. It had been a while since he had actually thought about it, but it had been there, simmering inside. After Becky had pushed him down, he no longer knew what to think about it. The girl talked about helping people and then went and hurt him, not only by locking him up, but by spreading rumors about him. He tried to hold his frustration back.
“You know about that?” he asked hesitantly, knowing he hadn’t even shared this with Clint.
“All I know is you’re conflicted, like having a choice of either going left or right.”
“Which way will I go?”
“You will know that answer soon, Chewy. And based on it, you will act in a way that I can’t openly predict. I wish I could tell you more.”
But, at that moment, Chewy realized maybe she could, remembering what they had learned from Tom’s diary.
“What is Kent so angry about?”
His mom looked at him with narrow eyes and grinned.
“Another thing only mu-dangs get to know, but…if you want a hint?”
Chewy nodded heavily with wide eyes.
“I’d check those records you stole again. You seemed to have missed something in them.”
“You know about that too?”
She nodded.
“Can’t say I’m happy about it and I don’t want to see you doing it again, but you’re headed in the right direction. Just look a little bit more carefully.”
40


After Chewy explained everything to Clint, he went with his mom to the hospital to get her leg properly bandaged. It turned out needing three stitches which she only accepted after the doctor heavily suggested she get them.
Getting home late, they enjoyed a dinner of ramen, the second time since their first night in America. It calmed their nerves and the tension between the two. Chewy tried as hard as possible to not think about what his grandmother had told him but every so often it just popped into his head. Remarkably, his mother picked up no notion of it. He began to believe there was a blind spot in her mind-reading, or she just chose not to let him know she could see it in his head. Either way, he was happy.
Using his mom’s phone after dinner, Chewy called Clint. They discussed what his mother had said for a little bit before bedtime. Chewy made sure to tell Clint to bring the file to school the next day. Even though Clint was scouring over it for things they missed, Chewy felt his power might pinpoint what was missing. And then, they hung up.

The next day was chillier than others and Chewy almost thought about wearing a winter coat, but decided against it. Everyone already seemed against him. He didn’t want to draw any extra attention to himself.
He met up with Clint and immediately took the file from his backpack, holding the papers in his hands as he walked. Clint was talking next to him.
“I don’t know what we could’ve missed. I looked over it again for an hour last night after we talked. Maybe your mom’s powers haven’t fully come in yet or something.”
Chewy shook his head.
“She’s been spot on with everything else. She seems to know things no one else does. I believe her, especially since she met Kent. He must’ve been an open book for her.”
Suddenly, Chewy stopped, looking at the papers in his hand. He knew something felt off and here it was again, that strange feeling. He wasn’t sure what it was but held it up so Clint could see.
“Look here,” Chewy said, pointing to the Grumbly’s birthdates again.

Kent A. Grumbly 07-03-2001
Thomas P. Grumbly 02-15-2002

“They’re born different years. We already saw that,” Clint said, shrugging.
“No, look at the dates. They’re only eight months apart. How can that be?”
Clint scrunched up his face with his fingers out as he counted from July to February to make sure Chewy’s count was accurate, and then wrinkled his brow.
“How can that be? It takes nine months for a baby to be born.”
“Ten months,” Chewy said, “In Korea, we say it takes ten months.”
Clint’s scrunched up face returned as he did more calculations and then said, “We say forty weeks, so that’s the same, right?”
“Whatever it is, this doesn’t look right. Still, I don’t know what it means, but I think this is what my mom was directing us to. Give it some time and, hopefully, your brain or my power will figure it out.”
For the rest of the walk to school, Chewy told Clint about his trip to the hospital and the gross stitches his mom had to get.

Both boys were shocked leaving school that day. There was not a single person outside. No one had been waiting. Clint found it eerier because the school was abuzz with rumors and even though he couldn’t wait to tell Chewy, he felt positive the end of the day was going to bring an attack, and yet, there was nothing.
They walked silently to the gap in the fence, amazed at the peculiar peacefulness of the playground but by the time they hit the sidewalk, Clint couldn’t contain himself anymore.
“Chewy, I think we have a problem.”
Chewy threw his hands up.
“No Grumblys jumping out to get us? I don’t see that as a problem. Maybe Kent wished himself into a good person.”
Clint shook his head.
“I don’t think so.”
Chewy turned to him with a strict stare.
“You know something. Spit it out.”
Clint swallowed hard before answering.
“During lunch time, I was on my bench as usual when Mrs. Johnson strolled into the records office. She tends to have that high-pitch sort of voice so I could at least hear her clearly from the hall. Well, as you know, she’s Kent’s teacher and her voice was extra high, mainly because she was so surprised.”
“About what?”
Clint looked down into Chewy’s eyes.
“Kent got an A+ on every test this morning. Having seen his transcripts, both you and I know he hasn’t had a score that good since before the fourth grade.”
Clint went quiet and Chewy jumped in.
“I’m sensing that’s not all.”
Clint shook his head, worry coming to his eyes.
“Although some people don’t trust me because they feel I’m your sidekick, I’m still quite invisible to most students. In the halls, after lunch, I heard people saw Kent sneak inside the school during lunch. Somehow, he’s gotten himself a hall pass, like you!”
Chewy’s eyes widened.
“He’s planning something big, it looks like.”
“Chewy,” Clint said, getting his friend’s attention, “I don’t think you see what this means. The perfect tests. A hall pass. Kent wished to be like you! Your mom gave him the power to be perfect at everything!”
Chewy scrunched up his face.
“You really think so? Why not flying or something cooler?”
“You picked the same power.”
“I picked it because everything I touched failed. I needed a boost.”
Clint rubbed his hands together, feeling the cold air get to them.
“Maybe that’s how he feels about you. Think about it. Everything he tries against you fails. He needs a leg up somehow.”
The more Clint talked the more right it sounded to both of them. And then they got to Clint’s house and noticed something on the door. Getting closer, there was a small note taped to it. They took it off and read it.

Kent is planning on breaking into the school early in the morning to sabotage Chewy. He says it’s all going to end tomorrow.
Part V
41


Chewy was up and eating a bowl of cereal earlier than he had ever done before. And yet, he was still later than he had planned with Clint the night before. His mom came out rubbing her eyes, watching him as he guzzled down a glass of orange juice. She batted her lashes, trying to dislodge the sleep from them and then spoke up.
“Be sure to wear your sneakers to school today. Not those ridiculous high-topped ones.”
He eyed her as she moved over to the refrigerator, taking out a pot of kimchi soup, and placed it on the stove.
“Are you saying this for fashion’s sake or are you ‘advising’ me?” He said with heavy stress on the word ‘advising.’
With a click from the pilot light, the stove lit up under the pot and his mom turned around with a smile.
“Take it as you wish, honey. I can see you have an eventful day ahead of you.”
Chewy rolled his eyes at the comment and was happy to see his mom had already turned her back on him again, adjusting the rice-cooker.
“Any other ‘advice’ I should take?” he said, slipping from his chair to the front door to lace up his sneakers.
His mom looked up at the ceiling and then said over her back, “Your grandma says ‘look before you leap.’ Whatever that means.”
She waved a hand at him without looking as he grabbed his backpack and was out the door. He half-ran, half-jogged to Clint’s, stopping when he got there to catch his breath. Clint was already waiting for him.
“With everything we talked about last night and still you’re running late,” Clint scolded Chewy who shrugged like always.
“Things go the way they go. I can’t get here any earlier now, can I?”
Clint snorted and started the sidewalk of hurdles toward school. His braces were extra squeaky this morning, sometimes drawing a piercing cringe from Chewy to protect his ears. About a half block down, Clint gave up being angry at his friend and started talking.
“If Kent does have the same power as you, what do you think is in store for us?”
“What do you mean?” Chewy said, oblivious to any pending problems.
“Both of you wished to do perfectly at everything. And that would work if the two of you never met, but placing each of you head to head, well, only one can end up on top. What I’m saying is who’s it going to be?”
Darkness fell over Chewy’s face as this hit him. He hadn’t even thought about it. He hoped because he got the power first, he’d be ranked higher than Kent, but felt that wasn’t how it worked.
“Maybe they just cancel each other out,” Chewy said, tossing it out there as a suggestion.
Clint shook his head.
“You don’t honestly believe that, do you?”
Chewy lowered his eyes to show Clint he didn’t, and Clint continued.
“Yesterday, he got an A+ on everything. I mean you’ve only ever gotten A’s. I think we should be a little more worried about this than, well, than you usually like to be about things. Your confidence has always been tied to your power as I far as I’ve seen. But, I don’t think you can rely on it anymore.”
Chewy smiled and put his hand on Clint’s shoulder.
“You don’t have to worry. My power may not be of much use if what we are guessing is true. But you needn’t worry. My confidence was there a long time before I ever even saw my grandmother on that mountain. It’s unlikely to leave now.”
Even saying this, Chewy wasn’t sure he believed it. The things at school were only getting worse. No one would even look at him. His mother was changing quickly into her role of mu-dang and his grandfather was a liar. Whatever normal life he had was gone.
And at that moment, both stopped, seeing a dark figure dart across the street toward school. From the baggy pants, both knew who it was instantly. Another shocking thing they realized was that he was entirely alone. No girls. No Tom. Kent was dashing toward school before anyone else would even get there. That now included Chewy and Clint.
“How’s your confidence now? If you weren’t late, we’d have beaten him to school. Looks like someone else’s powers are on top.”
Chewy didn’t even wait for Clint to finish before he was running down the street after Kent. Good thing he had his sneakers. Those high-tops definitely would’ve slowed him down.
42


With Chewy running full tilt down the sidewalk, Clint just stood there watching, not understanding what was happening. A couple of seconds later, his heart jumped and Clint began clanking after him.
His legs were flying around like strange oars on a boat, slapping the cement harder and harder with every thump. Clint tried to keep Chewy in sight but seconds later, when he looked up from his work on the sidewalk edges, the streets were empty.
Knowing he was alone, he stopped to catch his breath, bent over and heaved. Chewy! Didn’t he know doing it alone might be disastrous? As far as they knew, he had no power to rely on anymore. Waiting for Clint to join him might’ve been the best idea, but Clint knew better. Chewy would rather charge in than think, and that’s why Clint was worried.
A door slamming caught Clint’s attention and he swung his head over to the right. A boy and girl were just leaving for school from the house across the street. The rest of the world was beginning to stir, Clint realized, and felt maybe he had better start after Chewy again.
But as he moved his right leg forward, he heard a ‘snap’ and looked down in time to see the whole metal structure around his right leg fall apart at the knee. Before he knew it, he had fallen forward onto the cement, catching himself with his hands. He gritted his teeth at the pain of skinned palms and, sure enough, found blood on his hands.
He set his elbows down and flipped himself onto the grass for a softer surface before inspecting the damage. There was little left to the right leg brace and the fragments on the sidewalk gave him little hope. The metal had become pinched and then snapped. Anything short of a welding iron wouldn’t fix them.
A group of boys walked by toward school, eyeing him but didn’t stop to help. He knew, just as they probably did, that there was nothing they could do. Seeing them, he imagined the school yard would be full soon and wondered where Chewy was and if he was doing okay.
He didn’t want to sit there and not try to help so he looked for something he could use as a crutch, and smiled. On the other side of the sidewalk lay a long branch, most likely snapped off during the fall storms. Finally, something was going his way.
He rolled over the cement to the other side, feeling the hard, rough surface scrape across his bare forearms, cringing. On the other side, he felt the stick to test its thickness and then hoisted himself up onto his one good leg. He hopped around for a bit before slipping the branch under his arm. He was positive this was going to hurt but figured it was better than nothing.
He got three steps before the branch broke on him, sending him to the ground again. This time Clint had the foresight enough to fall to the side onto the grass, and lay there looking up at the cloudy sky, clenching his teeth.
Figures! Clint pounded the ground in frustration. If Chewy had picked up the same stick, it could have been hit by a car and not broken. But Clint had picked it up, so of course, it was going to be the weakest piece of wood in existence.
After getting his frustration out, he heard more and more students coming down the street. He sat up hoping he knew one. The first group that passed was far too young for him to even try and he struggled back up onto his left foot. At that moment, the small blond hair boy from Saturday walked by.
Seeing him, Clint almost fell over again. Luckily, he kept his balance, calling after him.
“Wait! Wait!”
The boy turned around. It took him a second to recognize Clint from the weekend before.
“Something wrong?” the boy asked.
Clint had a million questions to ask this kid, but knew now wasn’t the time.
“I need some help again. As you can see,” he said, pointing to his right leg, “I can’t walk so well.”
“You need me to help you home?” the kid offered.
“No. In fact, I was hoping you could help me get to school. I really need to be there as soon as possible. You think you can handle that?”
The kid nodded and came over slipping himself under Clint’s arm and both moved quickly down the sidewalk. Both sides of the streets were filling up with kids and Clint’s worry grew. He had wasted too much time back there. If Chewy needed help, he hoped he’d make it soon.
A block away from the school, they saw red lights flashing and, entering through the fence, they saw a large fire truck parked in the rear of the school, its front tires sunk in some mud in the field. It was trying to get near the school but all the students blocked its path.
Getting closer, he saw everyone standing around the basketball court not moving. They were all looking up to the roof of the gym where, finally, Clint noticed smoke coming out. Reaching the crowd, he thanked the boy, completely forgetting to ask him who he was. Something else was bothering him now.
A figure stepped up to the edge of the roof and looked down with a scared face. Clint shivered. It was Chewy. Somehow he had gotten on top of the school and now the gym was on fire. There seemed to be no way down.
Then, a general stir of dislike moved over the crowd. Everyone was looking up at Chewy, and Clint could hear their complaints. To them, Chewy had caused it all and deserved whatever was coming next. Many of their eyes looked up with cold anger.
Standing before the basketball court and with Chewy three stories up on top of the gym, Clint remembered the first day they met.
Chewy had mentioned one of Korea’s presidents having the same name as him and how he had changed it, in Chewy’s opinion, to sound more positive. Clint recalled asking if it had worked and Chewy’s response was that he didn’t know, but that the president had killed himself. And the words flowed back into Clint’s head.
“He killed himself over a name?”
“No,” Chewy had said, “People spread rumors about him that weren’t true and…he kind of took them to heart. Jumped off the side of a mountain.”
Clint stared up at Chewy with tears in his eyes, whispering ‘no’ over and over. He saw Chewy look around at the unhappy crowd below him and then a foot slowly moved forward and he jumped.
43


When Chewy took off after him, Kent already had a sizeable lead, but, being short, Chewy had great speed and was able to keep Kent in sight. Until the school yard, Kent was maybe a block ahead of him, and then, Chewy ran through the fence and he was gone.
For a moment, Chewy expected Kent to jump out of some hiding place but, tossing his head around, there was nowhere for him to hide. The back lot of the school was almost empty except for two or three kids over by the jungle gym. This only meant Kent must’ve gotten into the school already.
Coming up to Mrs. Burmeister, he smiled and showed his pass. She smiled back, wondering aloud, “Must be a busy day. Another boy just went inside.”
Chewy wanted to kick himself. Kent had learned all his tricks from him. If Chewy had been more careful, maybe things would’ve turned out differently, but he tried not to worry about it as he entered the school.
Chewy dropped his backpack inside the doors. He knew he’d have to move easily and didn’t want to be weighed down. The school was dark as usual before classes started and he looked up and down the orange lockers. It was empty but he heard the loud claps of feet elsewhere in the building. Not knowing which way to go, he headed toward the end near the playground and gym.
He would’ve yelled out Kent’s name but he knew even though most teachers weren’t there yet, there were a few who might stop him or interfere. That would not help. If he didn’t confront Kent now, things would only get worse.
Turning the corner to the gym, he expected to find Kent, and was surprised when he slammed into Tom’s large frame, bouncing off his stomach to the ground. He looked up to Tom lumbering over him. For a moment, Chewy thought he had a chance to turn everything around.
“Tom,” he said, lifting himself up as Tom neared, “I know what’s going on.”
Tom shifted to a stop like a train braking.
“Kent told you what we’re doing?”
“No. I mean at home and…the notes.”
Chewy paused at those last words, looking for something in Tom’s face, but Tom’s answer gave him everything.
“Notes? What are you talking about?”
Chewy’s eyes widened and he tried turning to leave, but Tom had already swooped down, wrapping Chewy in his arms.
Tom wasn't the helper leaving all the notes, and Chewy went limp in his arms realizing this. Even if he were, Chewy doubted if he would've been able to help anyways. Then again, he wondered if this wasn't part of the plan all along. Maybe all those notes had just been decoys to set him up for this trap.
Tom gamboled around slowly with Chewy in his arms and headed toward the open gym door. Beside it stood Kent, waiting with his arms crossed. He smiled seeing them.
"Glad that you could join us, rice-boy. You’ve followed everything exactly as I've planned it so far," Kent said, scratching his head, “I wonder how could I have gotten the better of you this time?”
Chewy squirmed in Tom’s arms but there was no room to budge. Tom had learned his lesson from their last meeting out by the fence. Chewy looked at Kent’s face as he lowered into view.
“My brother, here, doesn’t know what I’m talking about, but I have a feeling you do.”
Chewy squinted in anger as Kent continued.
“Not all of us have witches for moms.”
“She’s not a witch,” Chewy scowled.
While both talked, Tom kept looking back and forth between them and Chewy started up again before Kent could.
“I know what you asked for. Don’t think it’ll make your life easier. My power certainly hasn’t.”
Kent raised an eyebrow, and then, Chewy knew.
“You didn’t know I had a power,” he stated.
Kent stood up as he pieced everything together.
“So that’s how you got the best of me on the basketball court and all your tests. Makes sense,” he said, nodding, “Sadly, doesn’t help you now.”
“You didn’t wish to be like me, did you?”
Kent shook his head.
“Why would I want to be like you?” he scoffed, “I asked to be better than you in everything I did. Like this morning, did you really think I'd be so careless as to have you see me running to school?"
Chewy lowered his head. It was all a set-up. The note made them leave early, allowing Chewy to spot Kent on his way to school. They knew Chewy would dart off ahead, leaving Clint far behind with his bad legs. Then Chewy would be alone and vulnerable for whatever Kent had planned. The more Chewy thought about it, the more he saw. Kent would be able to get away with doing something horrible to Chewy, the most hated boy in school, but no one would forgive him for hurting a disabled person.
“But, for argument’s sake,” Kent started, grabbing Chewy’s attention, “Let’s give each of our powers a test. Tom, let him go but block that side of the hallway so he can’t run away.”
Tom did so, dropping Chewy, and planted himself square in the middle with his arms extended to either side. Chewy eyed the large boy and the small space between him and the wall left open for escape. There was no way through, so he turned back to Kent.
“Here’s what we’ll do,” Kent said with a smirk, “Right now, you are free to go. But if you want to keep your freedom, you’ll have to get by me. If you do, you keep it. If you don’t, well, you know what happens.”
“You think this will prove anything?” Chewy said with a shaky voice. He didn’t want to admit it but maybe Clint was right. His confidence didn’t seem so strong at the moment.
Kent smiled, hearing all of this in Chewy’s voice.
“If anything, it’ll prove your mom really is a witch and whose power is on top.”
Chewy glared at him, his face turning red, but knew Kent was right. If Chewy’s power was still the dominant one, then getting by Kent would be no problem. So, Chewy darted his head back and forth. He had either the right side or the left side. If he went right, and Kent went the other way, he’d be gone and safe.
At first, Chewy tried to confuse him, dancing back and forth between his options but Kent stood unmoving.
“I’m not going to move until you do,” Kent said with finality.
Chewy stood straight, slapping the creases out of his pants and when he thought Kent was unprepared, lunged to the left. It was a second before Kent’s large arms jumped in front, wrapped around him and pushed him through the open gym doors. Chewy fell face-forward on the ground, startled and shaken.
He scrambled to his feet but was too slow. The gym door slammed shut behind him and, running up to hit the large handle, he found it wouldn't move. He knew the door on the other end would be the same. They had locked him in.
44


Chewy shook the door aggressively but it wouldn’t budge and he only heard laughter on the other side. Then Chewy smiled. Being the smallest fifth grader in school still left one option open for him, and he ran over to the vent in the middle of the wall.
Through the grate, he could see the hallway outside and began twisting away at the screws when a red mist puffed through the slats. He fell backwards, coughing, believing for a second he had breathed in whatever it was and then looked at his hands. They were covered with tiny red dots and, thinking it was blood, tried rubbing it off on his jeans, but they only smeared. Chewy paused, staring at these strange, red lines. He heard their laughter again and then Kent spoke up.
“Don’t think you’ll get out that easy.”
Chewy looked to the vent and said, “What did you spray me with?”
Kent’s voice took on a hint of surprise as he answered.
“You haven’t seen it? Look up, nun-chuck.”
Chewy lifted his head and saw giant letters in red spray paint spell out ‘Americans are fat, racist, idiots.’ It all clicked together in his head.
“You’re going to blame this on me.”
“That was the plan,” Kent said, “And as far as I hear, this isn’t the first time you’ve done something like this. And that time, you were kicked out of school. I can only hope something similar will happen now.”
Chewy stood up, gawking at the graffiti and then he thought he had Kent.
“But you forgot one thing, Kent. You have the spray can outside with you. Won’t people wonder how I did it if I don’t have one?”
“Thought of that. Turn around.”
Turning, Chewy saw three, uncapped cans behind him in the middle of the gym. He swung back to the vent and kicked it hard, drawing more laughter from Kent.
“So all you want is petty revenge?” Chewy said angrily.
“No. Though that is one of the perks. After your mom gave me my power, I’d have to admit, that’s all I thought of. But things got a lot bigger fast.”
Chewy moved further back to view the sign better as Kent continued.
“You see I added one specific word in there on purpose. Coming from rice-paddy land, do you have any idea which one I’m talking about?”
Scanning the sign over and over, Chewy had no idea what he was referring to. His silence told Kent as much.
“Racist,” Kent said with strong emphasis, “In Korea, it may not pack a lot of power, but over here, it’s like a stick of dynamite. After the news of you getting kicked out hits the internet, being as you are Asian, I’m sure other Asian-Americans will not react so kindly. And with a little digging through certain social networks, they’ll see just how much all the normal, white Americans here hated and mistreated you. They think you’re worse than me, you know. I expect this town will be overrun by riots within a week or two.”
“Why? Why would you want any of this to happen?”
Before Chewy could even finish, Kent exploded.
“Because all of them get to have normal families.”
Chewy froze, looking at the grate. Kent didn’t have a normal family. That’s what all those clues were pointing to. The birthdates that were too close. The sudden outbreak of bad behavior in the fourth grade. And, Tom and Kent not even looking faintly similar. He was adopted, and, seeing how Kent took this news, Chewy understood why his grandmother thought keeping his grandfather’s lie a secret was a good idea. His mother might not take it so well either.
His grandmother was also right about another thing. When the time came, he’d know who to share his family’s story with.
“I don’t have a normal family,” Chewy yelled.
“I know,” Kent said matter-of-factly, “I met your mom.”
“Not that. My grandfather lied to all of us. He’s not the man we thought he was. He’s not the man my grandmother married, but he said he was. Made us believe it, believe it for years. I know how that feels Kent. Like what your parents did to you.”
Chewy stopped talking and listened. For a moment, he thought they had left but then heard Tom’s low whisper asking what Chewy was talking about.
“He doesn’t know, does he?” Chewy said.
Chewy waited for an answer, but, instead, heard the grate on the other side being taken off. He ran up to his side to see better but no one was there. For a moment, he thought he had changed those thought pathways his mom had described to him the other day. Then Kent’s voice came booming back.
“No,” he said, “No one else knows, and I plan to keep it that way.”
A lit piece of newspaper flew into the middle of the air duct, filling it in bright oranges and reds. Immediately, Chewy fell backwards, feeling the heat on his face. Then he heard the hiss of the spray can. He was able to roll to the side before a large, fiery tongue lisped into the gym from the vent, curling up against the mats above hanging on the wall. The plastic melted quickly and soon the padding underneath began to burn and twist upwards. The gym was on fire.
45


With the walls catching fire faster, Chewy tossed his head around, looking for another way to escape. He was positive both front doors to the gym were locked but, out the corner of his eye, he caught the door to the gym’s office. He ran over to it and tried the handle. It was unlocked, and he exhaled with a sigh.
Opening the door, he found complete darkness except for the occasional flicker of fire behind him that lit up the outlines of ball racks, hanging mitts, and bats. He searched the side of the wall for the switch but found none and proceeded forward, hoping blindly to find another way out. Immediately, he knocked over a bucket of tennis balls, hearing them roll around on the ground, clanking into things. From then on, he treaded more carefully, hoping he wouldn’t step on one and fall.
Before getting halfway through the room, a door immediately across from him swung open. The light blinded him for a couple of seconds, causing him to thrust his arms up to protect his eyes. When he lowered them, he saw Becky standing before him and a shocked look came to his face.
“They’re gone so we need to leave now,” she said, staring at him with worry.
“Are you crazy? I’m not going anywhere with you! You’re the one who trapped me and spread all those rumors. Why would I even think about listening to you,” he said, backing away toward the gym.
She walked further into the room, kicking some loose balls out of her way, and calmly looked at him before proceeding.
“I had to leave you in that classroom. If Susie knew I was helping you, I don’t know what she’d do. There’s some good in her somewhere, just when she gets angry, well, you know.”
Chewy nodded and she continued.
“But I had my little brother tell Clint where you were, to get you out. Don’t you see? It was the only way.”
Her eyes pleaded for him to understand, but Chewy had another question to ask her.
“Why did you even send your brother? I mean, what do I matter to you?”
She pulled the sucker out of her pocket. It had melted slightly and lost some of its color but Chewy still recognized it.

For superstitious people, a small occurrence can color the rest of the day’s events in either positive or negative light. Roughly a week earlier, while walking home alone, Becky was uncertain which had happened to her. She had a lot to think about and not just how Susie had ditched her after school.
Getting home, she spun the sucker in her fingers, catching glints from the sunlight falling in through her bedroom window. Her elbows were on her desk, spread over her science book, as she looked at the colors of the candy, distracted by what it meant. She hadn’t stopped thinking about it once that whole day.
She was not silly enough to believe that this token gave her any new abilities. She wasn’t going to ace any tests anytime soon. But she felt something had shifted inside her, if not in the whole universe, and she was wondering what it was. And with that thought came Susie.
Susie had moved on. Becky knew it, but, even though Susie had forgotten about Paul, Becky had not.
A week after fifth grade started, Susie told Becky about her love for Paul. It had ‘always’ been there, of course, but after he talked to her for roughly an hour on the first day over by the water fountain, it was for sure. There was something special about him…too. So a week later, Susie decided to express it to him.
Becky listened to everything through the grille in the bathroom door. She could see Susie’s black Mary Janes through the slats and heard the slap of feet as Paul approached.
“Oh hi!” Susie had started, “Too bad we can’t be in the same class this year.”
The sugariness of Susie’s voice made Becky cringe only because she hadn’t heard such sweetness from her in years.
“Yeah, I guess,” he said, pausing as another thought jumped into his head, “By the way, did you tell your friend, Patti, about me?”
Susie’s voice hesitated.
“Why would I tell Patti about you?”
“I thought you two were close. I thought maybe you could…you know?”
“Yes, but—”
He cut her off.
“Great. Tell her I’ll talk to her tomorrow.”
And he left.
Becky’s mouth fell open. Did he really just do that to her? Becky shook her head to gather her thoughts. A second later, Susie kicked it open, her face beaming red. Luckily, Becky had already stepped away from the door.
“That’s not the way you treat other people,” Susie screamed.
Becky huddled in the corner, watching Susie swing her backpack like an axe against the mirrors above the sink. Glass cracked and shattered sparkling across the floor like frozen teardrops. When it was all done, Susie stood heaving, her back rising and falling in gasps.
Becky knew they had to get out of there as soon as possible. Someone had to have heard them. Becky checked the grille, finding the hall empty and scurried out to the corner. The halls were clear and she exhaled in relief. When she returned with a tear-lined Susie, they bumped into Patti, and all three stared at each other, wondering, thinking.
And now, fall was here. A time of change. A time of endings. But for Becky, she knew, everything was starting over again, and she already knew how it would end.
Becky knew she’d have to be careful. If she was going to get her friend back on track, a miracle wasn’t necessary and magic may not even help, but she definitely had to pay attention. As great as Susie toted Chewy to be, Becky knew even he couldn’t live up to every expectation. If he was the one that was going to bring Susie back to her old self, he was going to need a lot of help. And Becky knew exactly how he’d get it.
46


Becky told him everything. The whole time a small smile sat on her face as if looking at a star.
“Don’t you see? You’re a hero. You gave me this even though you didn’t have to. You did it to help me and, for no other reason, risked yourself along the way.”
Chewy shook his head, feeling ashamed.
“That’s not the truth. I had to get caught in order to break into the records office. I didn’t go in there for you. I went in there for my own selfish reasons.”
She squinted at him, the smile still on her face, pushing her glasses up on her cheeks, and said, “But you didn’t need to take this. Just breaking into her class would’ve been enough.”
Chewy stared at her and realized she was right. He had done it because it felt like what he was supposed to do. He smiled thinking of it and refocused on her. She was the one leaving the notes, which meant she’d been helping him all along, and, when he thought about this more, it was her remark on that first day in class that started him on this path. If it wasn’t for her, he was unsure where he’d be at that moment. Clint was right—his power was much further reaching than either of them had imagined.
And then something confusing popped into his head.
“Wait, I know Kent has a pass, but how did you get into the school? Or even Tom?”
“It was part of his plan. The front doors are always locked but there’s no teacher. So as soon as Kent got inside the school, he unlocked it for Tom. Luckily, they didn’t remember to lock it again.”
She smiled, and then he was about to tell her ‘let’s go’ when he saw a dark figure standing in the doorway behind Becky. He recognized it instantly with its shimmering hair. Seeing his shocked expression, Becky swung around, not knowing what to say either as she stared at Susie’s angry face. She had heard everything.
“I should’ve known,” she said, shaking her head, “How could a boy like Chewy be that good! Just goes to show, you can’t trust anybody but yourself, not even your oldest friend.”
Becky moved to her, wanting to say something, but her mouth just sat open.
“Just tell me one thing, Becky,” Susie said, “Did you always plan on using me to get to a boy—and a pathetic specimen of a boy no less?”
Chewy gritted his teeth at her, but Becky spoke first, holding her hand out in front of him.
“It’s not like that.”
“Have you been talking to him the whole time? Is that why he never liked me? What kind of friend are you that you’d…” Susie trailed off as her anger got the better of her. She swallowed hard and then glared back at both of them.
“And after everything I’ve done for you,” Susie said, shaking her head in disappointment and then turned to leave, pushing the door shut behind her.
Becky ran to it, twisting the knob, but it didn’t budge. She turned back to Chewy with a worried face, but Chewy no longer looked so downtrodden. He felt different. From Becky’s little talk, his confidence had returned and he now knew his power was still working.
“Don’t worry. I think I know another way out,” he said.
47


Chewy and Becky ran out of the office and back into the gym. By now, the flames on the inside wall had climbed upwards. Kent’s sign was covered, the paint fueling the fire. A thin layer of smoke hung in the air causing both to cough as they reentered, adjusting to the new atmosphere.
Becky kept her head down, coughing more strongly, while Chewy covered his nose and mouth to filter the air and looked around. All the doors were locked or led nowhere, like the ones for the showers. But he had remembered something from gym class and tossed his head upwards. There in the back, right-hand corner, next to the ropes, was the hatch to the roof.
He took Becky’s hand and led her over to the thin ladder and pointed upwards. They tried communicating without speaking so as not to breathe in anymore smoke than possible. She looked up and then back at him with worried, red eyes. He put his hands on her shoulders and nodded.
Becky stared upwards at the hatch again and then began to climb. Chewy followed behind her, keeping an eye on the flames that slinked up the far wall opposite them. Their climbing slowed the higher they went due to the extra smoke in the upper area of the gym, but Becky kept pushing upward and was soon at the hatch handle. She pushed hard and slowly it opened to the gray, October sky outside.
Both climbed through the opening and collapsed on the rooftop, gasping for fresh air. Smoked billowed upwards through the hole, and they heard the far-off sound of a siren as a fire truck made its way through the city. Chewy peered over the roof and saw the distant houses and fields surrounding the school. Everything seemed so peaceful.
They both had traces of black on their faces from the smoke and smiled at how ridiculous they looked. Chewy grabbed her hand again and brought her to the edge of the roof, looking down on the right hand side where the older kids played. A few were there but didn’t notice Chewy or Becky.
“How are we going to get down?” Becky asked.
Chewy rubbed his chin as if in deep thought and then said, “Stay here.”
He ran back to the opening and climbed back in. The smoke was thicker now and he found it hard to see, especially higher up where most of the smoke gathered. He held tight to the small ladder with one arm while swinging his other arm around to push the smoke away. For an instant, he saw it and reached out quickly, grabbing the nearby climbing-rope. Then, he came back up through the hatch.
He collapsed again, breathing hard to clean his lungs out. Becky ran over to him, touching his chest to see if he was okay. This time his face was covered in black and she used her flowery shirt to wipe large amounts away from his eyes and nose. His hand still gripped the rope and he held it up.
“Let’s get down from here.”
He stood up and dragged the rest of the rope through the opening before it came to a halt. As is, it was still too short to reach the edge, no less touch the playground far below.
“It’s not long enough,” she said.
Chewy glanced at the opening and then back at Becky, saying sorry for what he was about to do. Korean males do not go topless in public, so he hesitated taking his shirt off, but soon did, tying it around his mouth and nose and climbed back into the opening through the rampantly rising black smoke.
Inside, there was complete darkness. The smoke had blocked out everything, but Chewy used his free hand to follow the rope to its base on the ceiling. He fiddled around, feeling metal and many holes until finally finding a lever. He pulled it and heard a faint click as the rope was released.
He quickly climbed back out, pulling his shirt off his face, wiping the new layer of soot off before putting it back on. Then he pointed toward the roof’s edge.
“I’m going to hoist you down. Don’t worry. We’re lucky. You may be the only fifth-grader in this school who has my height and weighs less than me.”
Becky climbed to the edge and peered down. The fire truck had already pulled into the field and men in black suits were trying to get the students away so the truck could get closer. A group to the right saw Becky standing there and started pointing.
Becky turned back to Chewy who had the rope looped around his waist, holding tightly with outstretched arms. His feet were placed on the outer wall that surrounded the roof’s edge. He nodded to her and she slowly lowered, disappearing beneath the rooftop. Chewy knew she was still holding on, moving, as he could feel the sudden jerks on the rope every time she slid down a little bit further. A couple of minutes later, the rope suddenly went slack and Chewy fell backwards onto the roof, staring up into the blur of a hidden sun.
He got up quickly and dashed to the roof’s edge, peering down. He saw Becky waving upwards, smiling, as two firemen ran to her, throwing a blanket over her shoulders. And then a look of worry came to her face. Chewy could tell she hadn’t even thought about how he was going to get down. But this didn’t bother him.
At that moment, the roof behind him cracked and he felt the ground beneath him shimmy. It wasn’t going to hold for long. If anything, Chewy figured the wall might be the last thing to topple so ran to the front end, away from where he knew the fire to be inside the gym. He stood up on the edge and scanned over the crowd below.
He was tired and was sure he looked as much. From his height, he couldn’t see the dissatisfied faces nor hear the groans from the children down below. A crack rang out behind him and, glancing backwards, he saw the far end of the gym fall inward. Fire lisped upwards, tickling the sky.
He looked to the fire truck and realized it was too far away. They’d never have the ladder up in time. Besides, the crowd wasn’t moving as fast as the firemen needed them to. He had only one option and he paused with a shocked look on his face. His grandmother’s voice had just spoken to him.
“Look before you leap.”
He could’ve sworn her voice was coming from inside his head, but wasted no time thinking it over. He stuck one foot out over the edge, closed his eyes, and jumped.
48


Before Chewy even hit the ground, Clint was pushing his way through the crowd, wiping the tears from his face. Most people moved out of the way at the sight of him. His one leg still in its brace offered him that much. Hopping to the front, he saw Chewy on the ground, gripping his ankle with a pained expression. Then two firemen rushed over, lifting him up, and carried him into the field, away from the burning gym. They laid him on a black mat, wrapping him with a charcoal-colored blanket, stating that he shouldn’t move until emergency units arrived.
Clint hopped in his direction, falling midway, only to cover the rest of the distance on his hands and knees. Chewy stared at his friend’s face, blank-eyed for a second before smiling, and said, “I knew I should’ve asked for flying.”
Clint laughed, pulling himself closer.
“So where were you?” Chewy asked.
Clint stuck his right leg out and Chewy went bug-eyed with surprise, trying to mouth his amazement but no words came out.
“Shocking, right?” Clint said, “I’m halfway to being a normal boy.”
Chewy lifted an eyebrow.
“Normal?”
“Alright,” Clint answered with a smirk, “As normal as I was before the accident.”
Chewy nodded and then said, “Were you even able to walk on that leg?”
Clint’s face lit up, remembering what had happened.
“Oh my God! The boy from the festival came along and helped me, I…didn’t get his name,” he said, slapping his knee at his mistake.
“Don’t worry. I kind of ran into his sister,” Chewy said, lifting up to look for Becky before a nearby fireman told him again not to move. He lowered down, looking up at the gray sky and turned toward Clint, saying, “It was Becky.”
“Her?! But she—“
“I’ll explain later,” Chewy said, catching Mrs. Vatican making her way through the kids over to them. Her face was deep with concern but still not a step over being professional.
“Are you alright?” she said, eyeing him for burns or apparent injuries as she kneeled by his side.
He pointed down to his ankle, saying he thought it was broken and she shook her head in pity.
“Horrible. I just don’t see how something like this could happen.”
“I do,” a gruff voice behind her said, “He was trying to burn the school down.”
All their heads turned to see Kent standing over them with his arms crossed. Though Clint hadn’t been inside the school that morning, he was positive what Kent said wasn’t true. Before he could say otherwise, Mrs. Vatican stepped in.
“Mr. Grumbly, that’s a big accusation you’re making.”
Kent smiled and peered directly into Chewy’s eyes as if in a desperate staring match.
“I saw him run into the school carrying spray cans,” he said.
Chewy glared back, saying nothing. Clint looked to Kent who had narrowed his eyes. Something had just passed unsaid between them and Clint was scrambling to figure it out.
Then Clint heard a murmur spread through the crowd around them. They seemed to believe Chewy was at fault. After all, wasn’t he kicked out of his last school for something similar? Clint still didn’t like the way things were going but noticed Chewy didn’t react in the slightest.
“He would never do something like that,” Clint shouted, jumping in to protect his friend. After finishing, he felt Chewy’s hand grip his arm and looked down at his face. Chewy gave a slight shake of his head. He didn’t want Clint to say anymore. Why?
“I don’t want any hearsay,” Mrs. Vatican said, standing up to address Kent properly, “There will be a full investigation once the fire is out and the people involved are healthy enough to talk.”
Then a small voice in the crowd started it all.
“Fire-starter!”
Chewy tilted his head up to see the mob of angry faces staring at him. The word began to hum around within the crowd like a taunting echo and Mrs. Vatican turned to address them all.
“Quiet down children! We don’t know the cause of the fire yet, so don’t rush to judgment.”
The chant started getting louder until another fireman came up to the black mat, depositing Becky beside Chewy with the same commands to wait for emergency units who had just arrived and were wheeling gurneys in their direction.
Becky heard the murmur of ‘fire-starter’ and, to Clint’s surprise, threw her arms around Chewy’s neck, kissing him on the check. Even though he was sitting, Clint nearly fell over. The crowd went silent.
“Thank you for saving me,” she said.
Chewy stared blankly up at the sky. Clint could tell Chewy was as shocked as he was. The voices around them began to pick up again and Mrs. Vatican started waving her arms, shooing them away so medical help could get in. As the group thinned, Clint picked up the stray word ‘hero.’
“What’s going on?” Clint wondered aloud.
Becky looked up, hearing his voice, and let go of Chewy’s neck as a man and woman in white lifted her onto a gurney. Soon Chewy was on one as well and was whisked over to the west side of the school where two ambulances sat.
Before Clint could hop over, the ambulance tops lit the playground up in red and moaned off into town.
49


After getting a cast on his ankle, Chewy was put up in a room for observation. His lungs had little damage from the smoke despite how much soot covered his body, but doctors wanted him to stay a couple more hours. A little bit later, Mrs. Vatican, along with a set of officers arrived to ask him questions. None of it seemed to bother him. With them leaving, he was happy he didn’t have far to find his friend.
Clint was three floors below, getting new braces set for both legs. The doctor wasn’t surprised at all that they had fallen off. Both looked mighty beat up. In fact, he didn’t know why that hadn’t fallen off earlier. Clint felt he could’ve made a few guesses at that.
With both being in the hospital at that same time, their mothers arranged a late lunch together, pushing each of their sons’ wheelchairs into the hospital cafeteria. Chewy’s mom gave a respectful bow to thank Clint’s mom for all her help and received an awkward head nod in return.
While their moms picked food from the selections for them, Chewy sat smiling to Clint at a nearby table.
“What did you tell the officers?” Clint said with his elbows up on the armrests.
“The truth…for the most part,” Chewy started, trying to find a decent position in his chair. The cast was immensely uncomfortable. “I told them I had acquired a fake hall pass, which Mrs. Vatican didn’t seem too happy to hear about. And then I said I used it to get into school early, you know, to just play around and stuff. Somehow I ended up locking myself in the gym and, the rest, I said, they knew.”
Clint wrinkled his forehead.
“But what about the fire?”
“I told them I have no idea how it started. One moment, there was no fire, the next, there was.”
“Is that really what happened?”
Chewy shook his head and then told Clint Kent’s plan to pin the gym graffiti on him and to start an internet frenzy with Chewy’s expulsion, hoping for riots to erupt. Clint shivered at the diabolicalness of it all.
“I think his power got the better of him. Normal Kent would’ve never gone that far,” Chewy paused, before continuing, “Or, at least, I hope.”
“Still, that doesn’t explain the fire.”
Chewy focused on his friend for a moment before answering. He wasn’t sure how to respond at first.
“I figured out what made Kent change in the fourth grade. I told him as much and that’s when he decided to throw his original plan away to burn down the building with me in it.”
Clint’s eyes widened and he leaned forward.
“You actually figured it out? Well, what was it?”
Chewy shook his head with regret.
“Do you really want to know something that will set Kent off into a murderous rage?”
Clint sat back, his mouth half open and then said, “Pass.”
Chewy smiled. He knew his friend well. Then Clint continued.
“I don’t understand. Why didn’t you tell the police anything about Kent? I mean, even right after you jumped off the roof and Kent came over accusing you of starting it all, you just lay there saying nothing. Why are you protecting him?”
The smile on Chewy’s face left. He didn’t know how to word it so that Clint would understand, but before he did, he told him about everything that happened after Kent had started the fire with Becky and Susie. Clint’s mouth dropped open again after hearing how Susie had then locked them in there to die as well.
“I don’t know if she had any idea what she was doing,” Chewy said, trying to paint her in a softer light. The way Becky had spoken of her made Chewy think of Clint. What if Clint had fallen into a bad crowd and started doing bad things, would Chewy just turn his back on him? He hoped not, and in that way could understand everything Becky had done.
Clint wasn’t so friendly or accepting as Chewy was about the idea. But Chewy continued.
“The point is that before any of that happened, Becky reminded me of something I was struggling with. I didn’t know how exactly to use my power. I mean look at Kent. One day and he went from normal bully to starting a riot or burning down the school.”
Clint nodded, letting Chewy finish.
“It was talking to her that made me realize my power didn’t matter.”
“Didn’t matter?” Clint questioned.
“With or without a superpower, a hero is supposed to help others, but sometimes, the best he can do is just not hurt them. If I told the truth to the police and got Kent in trouble, he’d probably be expelled and put in a detention center somewhere. In a way, all I’d be doing is hurting him, so I decided to keep him out of my story,” Chewy smiled, continuing, “Besides, I kind of have a feeling he’ll leave us alone for now.”
“Where do you get that from?” Clint said in a confused tone.
“I know his secret and he doesn’t want others to find out. I could’ve easily yelled it out as soon as he started blaming the fire on me, but I didn’t. I think by doing that I’ve made him question a few things…at least, for a little bit.”
Clint shook his head in amazement before something they forgot popped into his head.
“Still, after investigating, won’t the police find out the cause of the fire anyway and come asking more questions?”
“I doubt it,” Chewy said, “Remember, I told you Kent wished to be better than me in every way. I’m thinking his power will somehow keep investigators from ever finding out how the fire really got started.”
50


Both their moms soon came and sat down. It was easy to see they had been trying to communicate with each other and failing horribly at it. Chewy’s mom put her arm around Chewy, rubbing his head, and Chewy smiled up at her. Finding her son injured seemed to reawaken her motherly spirit and Chewy was happy to see the cold mu-dang side of her had receded a bit.
Clint’s mom started telling them that school would be closed for the rest of the day, and was most likely going to be closed for the week if not longer due to smoke damage. She and Clint began to argue if this meant he had to still do his homework so Chewy and his mom began using Korean with each other.
“Him in his braces, you in your crutches, you two make a fine pair of friends,” she said, pushing around a piece of broccoli with her fork. Chewy could tell she wished the cafeteria had chopsticks.
“Strange,” said Chewy out loud, and his mom lowered her head to him, wondering why, “My power didn’t seem to help me too much when I jumped. I figured I would’ve landed safely with nothing more than a scratch or two.”
“That is strange,” his mom muttered, looking away from him as she sipped her coffee. Chewy squinted at her. She was hiding something.
“Speaking of which,” he started up again, “I wore the sneakers you told me. They did help me run better to keep up with Kent but…”
His mom’s eyes flickered, darkening slightly before returning to their lighter color.
“What did you do?” Chewy demanded.
His mom turned to him with a sweet smile, hoping not to disturb Clint and his mom while they ate.
“It was your grandmother. I had nothing to do with it,” she said.
“Do with what?”
“She knew you’d break your ankle jumping off that roof and she felt it would be the best thing for you. With a weakened ankle, you’d be unable to…to do certain things.”
Chewy lowered his eyebrows.
“Like what?”
“Like become a professional soccer player.”
Chewy nearly fell out of his wheelchair.
“I was going to be a professional soccer player?!”
His mom turned to him with a smirk.
“Not with that ankle.”
“Mom! I could’ve been a soccer player! Why would you—why would anyone not want that?”
Chewy felt like he couldn’t breathe, looking at his mom for her answer.
“Your grandmother felt being a World Cup champion was not the right future for you.”
The words ‘World Cup champion’ echoed through Chewy’s mind. His head was about to explode.

Mrs. Gill looked up from her potato salad, hearing the commotion across the table. She had no idea what they were saying. They were speaking so fast, she wasn’t even sure it was Korean. She looked to her son next to her and tapped him lightly with her elbow.
“You have any idea what’s going on over there?”
Clint glanced at Chewy and then Chewy’s mom before returning to his spaghetti.
“Trust me, Mom, we don’t want to know.”

THE END
