Mageborn

By Michael DeAngelo

Copyright 2014 Michael DeAngelo

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return toSmashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Mageborn is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and events are fictitious.  Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, locations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2014 by Michael DeAngelo

www.tellest.com


 Chapter One: Introductions

The bluebird sang upon the stone windowsill, mere inches away from the jars of ancient substances.  Looking at the nearby dried roots, it would quickly hop toward them and then abruptly back away.  After each cycle, it would tweet its song as though it was trying to remain discreet.
A sweet-smelling spring breeze turned a page in the large nearby tome, and the small creature hunched low, considering a hasty flight.  The man who sat at the desk began to whistle.  His song seemed to soothe the bird – perhaps because it was identical to the earlier tune.
Gaston Camlann was known for such precise observations.  He was a man of great renown, gifted in many arts, both ancient and modern.  It was a wonder at all that he was able to excel at so many things.  He was, after all, human.  They didn’t live forever.
The wizard, who fancied himself more a scholar, was beginning to show his age.  His once attractive features had been replaced with wrinkles and rosy cheeks.  He wore a long, dark grey beard and moustache to hide most of his weathered face.  Long, wavy locks had been stricken a little brighter by the sun, nearing the color of snow.  He hid that indicator of his age underneath a wide green hat.
As he whistled a second verse to his winged companion, a series of knocks upon the door played the percussion in their song.  Gaston was so engrossed in his studies that he was ill-suited to notice, even when the rapping on the door grew louder and more frequent.
More aware than the sage, the bluebird hopped off of its stone pedestal, diving into the northern wilderness.  Gaston, shaken from his task by that sight, chortled to himself.  How easily Homer has trained me, he thought, recalling how often the bird returned to him.
Another series of knocks on the door had his full attention then.
“Yes, come in,” he pleasantly permitted.
The sturdy slab of elm slid open, and a well-dressed man walked in, his polished boots tapping across the floor.  To his left, a lazy feline laid peacefully, its tail floating to and fro as the visitor entered.  After removing his leather glove, the man reached out, petting the cat on its side.  Rolling over, the feline gleefully accepted the attention.
Gaston placed his quill down and turned to acknowledge his guest’s arrival.  “Ah, Edric,” the sage said, standing quickly and slamming his legs into the desk.  He winced but worked at ignoring the pain.  “It’s been some time.”
Preoccupied with the animal, it almost seemed that Edric would not find the focus to reply.  The black cat had wrapped its arms around the man’s wrist and was contentedly licking his knuckles.  “That it has, my friends,” the visitor finally said, giving a quick, rough little scratch to the cat’s belly before retrieving his hand.
“And what brings you to my dusty old closet on this beautiful day?  It’s not often that a White Knight of Gardone visits a meager hamlet like Forsynthia.”
“Forsynthia is anything but meager, and I believe it has evolved from a hamlet some time ago.  Also, my time in a white cloak has long passed.”
A smile crossed Gaston’s face.  “Just as always, you focus on the corrections while you ignore the questions.”
“Anything to gain a few extra moments to speak with an old friend,” Edric said.  “One of Jonathan’s birds came through.  Apparently, your pupil had just arrived at the toll road.  I don’t think she’ll arrive too long after I did.”
“And depending on the driver, the poor girl will be arriving without a coin in her pocket.  What a foolish idea those roads were.”
Edric paused, considering how to react.  A moment later, he was shaking his head while smiling.  “You know the countryside better than most, Gaston.  Between the beasts and the brigands, all of Daltain is a dangerous place.  But with paid patrols on watch… well, you know what Lord Kerrigan says.  Good roads b –”
“Build a better country, yes,” the old sage finished.  “And there’s quite a bit of wisdom there too.  Far more than this wizened old wizard cares to admit often, anyway.  And I’m sure those pampered, spoon-fed princes from Sungarden were happy to keep the hands out of their pockets.
“Ah, but I’m rambling again,” Gaston said.  “Are you staying for some time?  Can I offer you some tea?”
A weak frown could just barely be seen upon the retired knight’s face.  “Alas, my friend, I haven’t come to Forsynthia just for reprieve.  I’m moving a caravan of weapons up to the Basalt Flats.  Lydick should be awaiting me in the armory if he’s been properly advised of my arrival.”
Gaston nodded.  “Always too short, these visits.  No matter.  It will give me some time to stretch these old legs in preparation to meet the young lady.”
“And I’m sure there are a great many surprises you have prepared for this one,” Edric mused.  “I’m staying in Forsynthia for the night.  If my task is kind to me, perhaps we can meet for the tea later this evening.”
“I should like that very much.”
Following a polite bow, Edric turned and began out of the room.  He stopped beside the black cat and gingerly scratched beneath its chin.  “Farewell, Merlin,” the retired knight said.  “Keep your master from falling too deeply into those tomes of his.”
Once Edric had gone from the room, Gaston turned to his pet, glee etched upon his face.  “Worry not, my old furry friend.  You’ll have a new companion to play with.  There will be time for books later.”
Merlin let out a contented meow but remained on his side, even as his master stepped clear of the door and drew it mostly closed.

The young lady had stuck her head out of the carriage for most of the journey.  As the massive gates of Forsynthia parted, she considered that she had never traveled farther south.  Those thoughts quickly passed as the vehicle rolled into the town.
Although it had once been merely a fort for Daltainian soldiers, it had grown to serve as one of the jewels of the country.  Despite its rapid rise, it still preserved much of its rural origins.
When she had passed through the town’s gates, the young lady realized the entryway was merely for show.  There were no walls beyond that point, though a border of trees provided a sense of Forsynthia’s boundaries.
She swept a strand of blond hair out of her eyes.  Her focus shifted to the large keep at the center of the town.  Other buildings surrounded that one, varying in their distances.  Still, the place didn’t seem stripped of country.  Trees provided shade and natural gaps between homes and stores.  Gardens seemed to wind and intersect in beautiful arrangements.
The young lady couldn’t help but be enamored by the sights.
Before she realized it, the carriage had stopped just several hundred feet from the keep.
“We’ve arrived, miss,” the driver called out.
Blowing out a sigh, the young lady opened the door and stepped from the carriage.  A small breeze swept the bottom layers of her blue dress aside for a moment before she felt steady on her feet again.  Approaching the driver, she held out her hand.  “Thank you for taking care of the toll for me.  I had no idea you had to pay to use a road in this country.”
He reached out, accepting her offer.  When he saw the shining pieces of silver in his palm, he began shaking his head.  “No, miss.  I can’t take this from a child.”
“It’s yours,” she said, sounding much more assertive and wise than her age imparted.  “I get the feeling that over the next few months I won’t get many opportunities to use money.”
Slowly, he nodded, accepting her offer.  “I do hope you find what you’re looking for.  If the rumors are true, you’ll go far in life.  Master Camlann could be no better teacher.  If you’re ever in Viscosa again, I’ll make sure you’re looked after.”
“Thank you, Francois.”
Nodding once again, he clicked his tongue and snapped the reins.  His pair of horses began forward.
The young lady turned around, looking at the long gardens that led to the keep.  Sighing yet again, she proceeded forward.
Wildflowers filled the air with a lovely spring aroma.  Forsynthia seemed brighter than most cities, as if the grass itself was somehow warmer.  Paths twisted and turned, spiraling back within themselves in confusing notions.  More than once, the young lady was forced to backtrack, finding herself lost at a dead end.
It could not be helped.  Besides the gorgeous flowers, exquisite topiary animals had been placed in the gardens.  She could not prevent herself from being drawn in by the distractions.
“They are beautiful, are they not?”
Her body had gone slightly rigid at the sound of the unexpected voice.  She had to fight back against all of her instincts, knowing that violence would likely be unforgivable.  “Captivating,” she said as she turned to address the sudden stranger.
“You must be Miss Kreegan,” the man said, bowing slightly, for his old bones might not have allowed him to bend much farther.
“Adelia,” she confirmed.
“Of course,” he replied.  “Welcome to our quaint town.  I am Gaston Camlann.”
She extended her hand.  “You are well met, sir.  And truly, this place is greater than I could have imagined.”
“I find that hard to believe, considering your stay in Viscosa.”
She grinned at the mention of the capital city of Raleigh.  “It was a magnificent place, to be sure.  I rarely saw any of the more impressive sights.”
“Ah yes.  Due to your time spent among the… Would you care to walk with me back to the keep?”
With a slight nod, she fell into place beside the old sage.  He knew the way better than her, yet he still seemed to weave a path in odd directions.
“My time was spent among the streets,” Adelia said.  “I didn’t know anyone in the city when I arrived, so for the first few weeks, I hid in an alley, almost in the trash.”
“Curious,” he said.  As she passed an inquisitive gaze his way, he continued.  “You seem a bright young lady, not at all as naïve as most your age.  You’re soft on the eyes as well.  One would think you could have easily found an employer at an inn or a tavern that would have bartered a sleeping arrangement for you.”
“Perhaps,” she said.  “But I didn’t want to throw myself into a situation out of any undue necessity.  A few nights in the streets… well that’s just like camping.”
“Well put,” the sage offered with a smile.  He stopped, urging the young lady to do the same.  “I must ask you, Adelia.  Why do you want to be a mage?”
She pondered the question for a few moments before grasping her shoulder, shrugging.  “I don’t know,” she said.  “The people who found me using magic seemed to think I was special.”
“Ah, and that you are, child.  But magic is special too.  There are a wide variety of them out there, and some will require much of your time.  That is the difference between a trick,” he said, producing a bouquet of flowers from behind his back, “and the arcane arts themselves.”
As he finished his statement, the topiary animals behind him almost seemed to move.  All at once, flowers bloomed upon the hedges.  Adelia’s eyes brightened to behold them.
“I would choose not to waste either of our time, Adelia,” the old wizard asserted.  “Is this something you truly wish to pursue?”
Without hesitation, the young lady nodded.
“Excellent,” he said, guiding his hand behind her back.  They began toward the keep once more.  “I had already invested quite a bit of time in studying up on you, you see.  I’m truly sorry about your parents.”
“How did you…” she began to say.  Recalling who she was in the presence of, Adelia let the words trail off.
“I know much about you, child.  Perhaps more than you do.  How well aware are you of your ancestors?”
She shrugged again.  “I never knew any of my grandparents.  They had all passed away before I was born.”
“And your father told you nothing of them?”  He hummed to himself but nodded.  “Most likely for the best.  You see, Balthaszar Kreegan, much like yourself, displayed some level of arcane acuity.  And, much like you, his first spell was that of a… frigid nature.
“Anyone has the propensity to study magic,” he explained, “to learn the arcane arts – to bend and shape reality.  There are very few who present such a gift without ever having turned a page on the subject matter.  You are a curious case but so, too, was Balthaszar.
“You are here to study the elements of sorcery,” Gaston asserted.  “You must know that I will be studying you just as intently.”
They had reached the entrance of the keep.  A stone walkway led beneath a drawn portcullis and through a pair of grand opened doors.
“I wish I could promise to be interesting,” Adelia said.  “I fear I may make a boring subject.”
Inside the courtyard, several people were busy with their daily routines.  Gaston didn’t give her much time to dawdle.  He guided her to a flight of stone steps toward the second level of the keep.  
“You would be surprised, young lady.  While a wizard’s studies are never truly over, we begin to sway from the arcane slightly in our old age.  We begin to… specialize in a particular field of normal study.  I know a fellow up north who studies dragons.  He actually coined a name for himself – a dracosage.
“At one point in my travels,” he continued as he led her up a flight of wooden stairs, “I met a man who searched the world for various magical artifacts.  I’ve even run across a gnomish alchemist that sampled hundreds of different water sources across Tellest.”
“And what about you?” Adelia asked.  “What is your specialty?”
The pair stopped just in front of a slightly opened door.  With a grin, the sage turned to his young pupil.
“I prefer to see what makes people tick.  Every one of us is different, and some are much more peculiar than the rest.  You may consider yourself dull, but I assure you, I will learn as much from you as you do from me.
“Now, this room will be yours for the duration of your time spent in Forsynthia.  After long days of studying through tomes, attempting new spells, and collecting reagents, you’ll find this place very endearing.”
“Thank you, Master Camlann,” Adelia said.  “You’ve been very hospitable.”
“Just Gaston will do,” the sage said, opening the way for the young lady.
She took a single step inside but froze when she saw the black beast upon her bed.
“What is it?” the sage asked.  Upon receiving no response, he stepped into the room.  A wide grin crawled upon his face.  “I see you’ve met Merlin.”
“You know it?” she asked before shaking her head.  “Of course you know it.”
“Now this is the kind of human element that interests me,” Gaston said.  “Why such a fear of a small cat?”
Blowing out a large sigh, she steadied herself.  “When I was a little girl, I had an… experience.”
“No matter,” the sage said.  “It’s perfectly understandable to be a little apprehensive of them.  They did, after all, descend from dragons.”
She stared at him quizzically.  “I can’t tell if you’re having a laugh at my expense.”
“Absolutely not,” Gaston asserted.  “Once, all of Tellest was overrun by dragons.  They were the fourth race that the gods created – after men, dwarves and elves.  In the beginning, all of them were friendly and worked in harmony with us.  But we grew fearful.
“Legend has it,” the sage said, “that an elven wizard named Sarisla found the means to transmogrify creatures.  One day, he approached the largest, meanest looking dragon and ensnared her with a lovely song.  While she was captivated, he set his magic loose on her.
“Before she knew it, she had shrunk down to a fragment of her size.  Scales had given way to fur.  Horns shifted and stretched until they sufficed as whiskers.  She was with a litter, but of course, all the young inside her had transformed too.”
“So Sarisla had created a brand new race,” Adelia mused.
“Consider it,” Gaston said.  “Cats have dragons’ eyes.  They can fall from up high as if they’re almost flying.  There’s even, supposedly, a group of kaja in the south seas who apparently learned how to breathe fire once more.”
Merlin meowed, as if giving credit to the story.  
“Of course, it would also explain some of the caution that felines prefer with us.  Perhaps it’s a good idea that you give this terrifying beast a wide berth,” he said, winking indiscriminately somewhere between the cat and the young lady.  “Come, Merlin.  Let us give Miss Kreegan some solitude.  I’m sure she must be quite exhausted after her long journey.”
The slender black cat did as instructed, hopping off of the bed.  Before it left the room, however, it rubbed against Adelia’s leg.  She quietly sighed as it continued into the hall.
“Rest easy, child,” the sage offered.  “Tomorrow is an important day.  It marks the beginnings of your studies.  Today ends the quiet life of the country girl.  Tomorrow… Tomorrow you become initiated in the arts.  You’ll be one of the greatest witches this world has ever seen.
“In the meantime,” he said, “feel free to explore Forsynthia a bit.  If you manage to get lost, the people are incredibly kind.  If you need me directly, I’m the last door on the right.”
Adelia nodded.  “Thank you, sir.”
With a smile, he shut the door behind him.
The young lady was left alone to ponder her decision.
Chapter Two: Alchemy

The sun cast a haze over Forsynthia, and as its beautiful glow landed upon the wildflowers, it seemed to spread their sweet fragrance throughout the city.
Adelia sat alone on an atoll far from the keep.  She had woken up some time before – a habit she was pleased with.  Still, the young lady was surprised to see a letter slipped beneath her door.  A little shaken by its appearance, she had fled from the keep into the open area of the city.
There was once a time when the slightest noise outside of her door would wake her.  She cursed that she so easily grew comfortable in her warm new bed.
Safely nestled between fields of flowers and hedge guardians, Adelia had ventured to read the letter.  She had shaken her head, for it was merely Gaston’s formal invitation to her first lesson that morning.  Still, long after reading it, she had not budged.
When that golden aura touched the grey keep however, she knew it was time to go.  With urgency, she made her way back.  No longer a stranger to the gardens, she effortlessly chose the correct paths.
The portcullis was still drawn, as it had been when she had left in the early morning.  She didn’t realize, as she tenuously passed beneath it, her muscles going taut.  Not much of her attention remained there.  She hurried to the second floor of the keep and quickly yet quietly made her way to the end of the hall.  A conversation was already in progress behind the door.
“Are you sure that’s what’s causing it?” an unfamiliar voice asked.
The sound of someone loudly sipping on a morning beverage could be heard.  Adelia breathed deeply and could smell the tangy aroma of the tea.
“I’m willing to stake my claim, yes,” Gaston replied.
“The last time we knew of someone with ancestral recall was more than thirty years ago,” the other man said.
“Yes, but this is the first time we know of that a mage is showing the signs.  You can understand my intrigue.”
“You almost seem excited about the prospect.”
“Well, it certainly makes my job… easier.  After all, the girl –”
Adelia knocked on the door, and the conversation immediately halted.
“Come in,” the sage called out.
After hearing the sudden quiet, the young lady tenuously opened the door.  The morning light poured through the open window, casting down upon the two men seated just beyond the desk.  Adelia was familiar with one, the sage.  The other remained somewhat of a mystery.  He was well kept, wearing shining polished leather.  He seemed almost not to notice her.
She wasn’t focused long enough to be offended.  She felt the presence of something else in the room as well.  Something dark and sinister had its eyes locked on her.
Turning slowly, she nearly missed the large, yellow eyes peering at her.  With a gasp, Adelia leapt away, summoning and flinging a spear of ice at the creature without hesitation.
Gaston stood quickly and thrust out his arm.  The missile collided into an invisible shield just in front of a row of vials.  A thousand flecks of frost exploded into the air before expiring.
Merlin cautiously sat upon his haunches, as if unaware of the fright he had given the poor girl.  He offered a single meow as consolation.
“Well, she’s a skittish one, isn’t she?” the stranger said, his voice dripping with dissatisfaction.
After a brief silence, Adelia’s jaw dropped.  “I’m sorry,” she said.
The silence persisted for some time afterward.  Then, despite the tension in the room, Gaston snorted as he struggled not to laugh.
“Worry not, young lady,” the sage offered.  “I may be old, but my reflexes are much better than you’d think.  You’ve got a long way to go before you’re quicker than me at slinging spells.”
She bowed her head in defeat, as if even that comment was meant to disarm her.
Edric’s cup landed upon the desk, and he stood, groaning as he did.  “It’s best I set out,” he said.  “Wouldn’t want to be around the next time an errant snowball is let loose.”
“In time, this one will sparkle like a diamond,” Gaston assured.  He extended his arm.
Returning the gesture, Edric nodded.  “Aye.  For now, though, she’s still yet a lump of coal.”  The mercenary passed by the young lady, who found she could not make eye contact.  “Chin up, girl,” Edric said.  “Merlin doesn’t hold a grudge.”  He reached out and patted the cat upon its head before exiting the room.
Adelia turned fully to Gaston.  “I’m sorry,” she said again.
He was already shaking his head.  “When a wizard takes on an apprentice, they are aware of certain… risks.  It’s nothing I can’t handle.  You’ll grow into your magic and sense when to use it.
“We have some behavior we need to break you of,” he continued.  “There is a fear in you that will be more detrimental to you than it needs to be.  In time, you’ll understand when it is best to cast a spell and when it is best to give pause.”
She nodded, woefully accepting the good advice as a punishing lecture.
“Worry not, young lady,” Gaston more forcefully asserted.  “No harm was done, and as Edric pointed out, the cat holds no grudges.”  The sage gestured with his eyes toward her feet.
When Adelia looked down, she saw Merlin there, walking figure eights against her legs.  The young lady breathed deeply, accepting the cat’s attention.
“Water under the bridge,” Gaston said.  “In any case, you can ruminate on your near feline-icide later.  It’s time for your first lesson.
“You’ve already been provided with your own room,” the sage continued.  “What you do in there is your own business.  In here, your safety falls to me.  As such, I’ve provided you with your own workstation.”
He looked to the corner of the room, where a desk much like his own was fashioned.  Tomes lined the wall, colorful and eye-catching.  Empty vials were neatly arranged on the left side of the desk, while filled jars – some containing very odd looking contents – were placed in a row on the opposite side.  In the center of the desk, a stone rod and bowl were set, old and weathered and appearing as if ready to break at any moment.
“Do you recognize those tools?” the sage asked.  Adelia shook her head, inciting a smile from the old wizard.  “Few would.  They are rarely used, mostly by clerics, some very dedicated chefs, and of course, practitioners of the arcane arts.  They are the mortar and pestle, akin to what your mother would stir your morning porridge with.
“Here, in this room, you will use them on various reagents.  Alchemy is an art often forgotten and shunned by many casters.  It requires some level of humility, I suppose, for few wizards would prefer to be seen falling back on a potion to save their lives.”
Gaston walked to Adelia’s desk and pulled one of the tomes from the raised shelf against the wall.  He placed it down beside the stone bowl and opened it.  He guided his apprentice near, and both began looking through the weathered pages.
“What those fools openly admit,” the sage began again, “is that they’d rather be a smear on the ground beneath a giant’s boot than alive with a bitter taste in their mouths.  Adelia, when I tell you this, I pray you believe me.  The greatest sorcerers were undone by their own hubris.  Magic is not without its flaws, and it will not always save you.”
The young lady nodded in understanding.
“As you look through this book, you’ll see dozens of recipes for potions, salves, and even poisons.  Many of them are difficult to concoct and can even be dangerous.  With practice, though, you could become a great alchemist.
“Read what you can,” he said, “and attempt to craft the potions that seem easiest.  Many ingredients are available to you.  I know they can be a little difficult to identify, so I’ve labeled the containers for you.  If you have any questions for me, I’ll be at my desk, scribbling away at some old tome I’ve no business writing.”
The sage lightly pat his pupil on the back, but he stepped away mere moments later.  A powerful yet quiet sigh shook Adelia as she pulled the chair from the desk and sank into it.  Shaking her head, a golden lock of hair dangled in front of her blue eyes.  She swept it aside, focusing on the massive book in front of her.  Adelia turned through several of the pages but neglected to find anything she thought she might be skilled enough to try.
Dejected, she more carefully perused the contents, focusing on more than just the titles of each page and the length of their passages.  Each entry seemed diligently written, inscribed with grace and poise, never rushed.  Adelia wondered if perhaps it was her teacher that had filled the tome.
The apprentice firmly shut her eyes then, reminding herself of the task at hand.  She turned several more pages, until her vision settled upon a specific concoction.
“The mage’s mark,” she whispered.
As she read on, Adelia learned that the mixture had the ability to invisibly identify an object if it was exposed to it.  A secondary potion or a magic spell could activate the wizard’s mark, allowing others – or the wizard alone, if he was skilled enough – to see the object through darkness and fog.
The young lady had heard of an effect like that before.  The elves were said to illuminate their prey with faerie fire.  If a mage could somehow harness that power, they would be a force to be reckoned with.
Nodding, Adelia committed to her task.  She scrutinized the entry, reading up on the ingredients.  The concoction called for natural reagents like dragonwort and silvercloak.  All of the herbs required were readily available on her desk.
She went to it immediately, setting aside the jars she needed.  Removing their lids, the pungent aroma of each item was unsettling.  The young apprentice shrugged that combined odor away and dumped the dragonwort into the bowl.
Only a short while later, Adelia finished up with the final ingredient.  The silvercloak was a resilient, mossy substance, and the pestle was only barely beginning to crush it.  Beside the bowl, the other items had been mashed into pastes or liquids.  Her arm grew sore, but she managed to pulp the silvercloak and poured its remnants into an empty vial.
Turning her attention back to the tome, she read the final steps of preparation.
“Once all the ingredients are mixed together, they will form a liquid that appears to be water.  If the concoction is poured onto an object, it can be activated later and will glow with a bluish-grey tint.”
Content with the directions, Adelia gathered a larger flask and poured the contents of each vial into it.  Combined, the mixture began to bubble.  The apprentice’s eyes went wide in anticipation.
Rather than turning clear, however, the concoction took a green hue.  It thickened in mere moments, and Adelia’s brow furled.  She tried to pour her failed mixture into a large glass bowl at the edge of the table.  Like slime, the concoction oozed out of the flask, emerging with a sickening slurp.  It slapped into the bowl, jiggling for some time once it landed.
Adelia sighed and shook her head.  Glancing over her shoulder, she peered at her mentor.  Gaston was oblivious to her failure, whistling nonsensically to a bluebird that had perched upon his windowsill.
The young lady spun back toward her desk and pushed the bowl of slime away.  She turned her attention to the book once more, flipping through the pages until she happened upon another simple potion.  
“Fire resistance,” she said, wincing as she recalled her painful past.
The concoction called for a selection of easily identifiable ingredients, such as thistlebark and sunfoil.  It required very little mixing yet, ironically, needed an open flame to melt the herbs and distill the useless parts of them.
Once again the lids were removed from various jars.  Those reagents offered very little aroma.  However, Adelia couldn’t plainly ignore the suddenly dry air that seemed to accost her.  She proceeded with the preparation in spite of that.
Before long, the concoction was boiling.  When she removed the flask from the heat source, it seemed to hiss in protest.  The eager apprentice waited only several moments before tightly grasping the glassware.  Breathing deeply, Adelia quaffed the mixture.
The young lady immediately regretted that decision.  Though the potion had no overt scent, it tasted terrible.  She thought of it as the old trail of a slug that had been left to cook on a hot cobblestone all day.  Beyond that, however, there seemed to be no adverse effects.
Nodding subtly, Adelia gazed toward the flame she kept burning.  She cautiously moved her hand over the fire.  Reflexively, the apprentice gnashed her teeth together.  That expectation toppled, though, for she felt no pain, even as the flame seemed to lick at her skin.
A wide smile formed on the young lady’s face.
That grin contorted wildly when her hand became engulfed in flames.  A stunted gasp reported, but she realized quickly that she continued to experience no discomfort.  Adelia looked to her mentor again, who remained blissfully ignorant of the situation.  A glance to her right showed she did not go unwatched.  Merlin tilted his head to the side and meowed nonchalantly.
Flailing her arm erratically, the flames finally dissipated.  Adelia breathed a sigh of relief.  Even though there remained an absence of pain, she still groaned discontentedly.  Her experiments had gone wrong at every turn.
Her brow furled, and she locked her jaw.  Once again, she thumbed through the pages of the old tome.  The apprentice took her time, focusing on the lists of ingredients she would need.  Finally, her eyes settled on a concoction she was confident she could make.
“Smoke,” Adelia whispered.  “Just smoke.  There’s no way I can fail this task.”
The potion only required two herbs.  Hornroot grew just about anywhere but required a keen eye to spot it.  Rock ash was actually neither of the things its name implied.  It was a mossy, moldy plant that grew on wet rocks, giving them a charred look.
Both ingredients were readily available in front of the pupil, marked in their jars.  Even without the labels, Adelia was confident she could identify them.
Assertively, she removed the lids and placed them into separate flasks.  She was so focused that she didn’t notice the odor.  To her side, Merlin’s nose twitched, and he shied away from the desk.
Both flasks were heated then, their contents beginning to fall apart and eventually bubble.  While the hornroot gave off no particular steam or smoke, thin wisps crawled from the flask of rock ash, wriggling into the open air like shadowy tendrils.  After only a short while longer, the herbs fully dissolved and remained only as liquids at the bottoms of the glassware.
Confidently, Adelia poured the contents into another clean flask.  The mixture sizzled in protest and began to bubble.  Almost immediately thereafter, a trail of smoke emerged.  It was black and volatile, and Adelia was concerned the entire room would be engulfed.  Still, she could not hide her smile.
She poured half of the contents into another empty vial and turned to the sage.
“Master Camlann,” the pupil said, rising from her seat and approaching the wizard with the potion in hand.
“Just Gaston will do,” he said.  He seemed almost too busy to be concerned.  He caught the strong scent of the concoction then and stood, turning to the young lady.  “My child, you’ve turned my study into a chimney,” he playfully mused.
“It’s about time I’ve done something I sought to do,” she asserted.
The sage reached out, collecting the smoking concoction.  Adelia proudly relinquished it.  She couldn’t help but notice the subtle shift in her teacher’s eyes when the potion neared his face.
“This is… hornroot and rock ash?” he queried.
His tone was urgent, but Adelia’s reply was not quick enough.  Gaston turned abruptly and pitched the flask out of the window.  The bluebird perched upon the sill flew from its spot.
Both pupil and tutor were privy to the sight of the glassware exploding.  Shards went flying, and the contents that had been within ignited in a brief yet powerful display.
“Have you been paying attention to the quantities of your ingredients?” Gaston asked.
Adelia heard the question but found she could not immediately respond.  The sage followed her gaze back toward her desk, where smoke still billowed toward the ceiling.  Both magi could see the violent reaction taking place within the vial.
Gaston thrust out his hand, when a bright flash emitted in the room.  The sage did his best to fight past the discomfort but eventually had to narrow his eyes reflexively.  Adelia averted her gaze entirely.
When the powerful light faded, the pupil ventured another look toward her failed mixture.  Merlin scurried from the room, but she paid him little heed.
There, where she had just been sitting, everything was in disarray.  All of the jars of reagents were shattered, as well as the stoneware bowl she had used to make her earlier concoction.  The desk had a large hole in it, and the top of the chair had been mangled.  Only the tomes remained unscathed.  Laying on the floor, shut once again, the tome she had been reading from seemed not to have a mark.
Her mentor turned slowly toward her, and she felt the need to shy away.
“Well,” he said, his voice as calm as ever.  “This will lead us right into our next lesson.  Can’t very well continue to practice potion making without reagents, can we?”
At the conclusion of his question, the desk collapsed, spilling the rest of the contents to the floor.
Adelia winced and covered her face with her hand.
Chapter Three: Herbalism

Still reeling from the embarrassment of her desk’s untimely destruction, Adelia couldn’t keep her cheeks from displaying a shade of red.  The keep was far behind her, but her present company had her recalling the incident vividly.
Despite the explosive event in his room, Gaston was not perturbed in the least.  That wasn’t the first desk that had suffered at the hands of an errant potion, he told his pupil.  He was aware of Adelia’s apprehension but could only smile in reply.  Instead, he focused on the piece of parchment in his hands, though it was blank.
His pupil – still red-faced – looked at him inquisitively.
The pair of magi emerged from the wildflower fields, the topiary guardians staring at them from afar.  Gaston abruptly stopped and pointed his finger toward his apprentice.
Adelia was surprised by the sudden emerald glow upon her chest.  Still, she offered no resistance.
“You’re gaining an understanding of your surroundings,” the sage observed.  “Your instincts are evolving faster than I’d have expected.”
Standing straighter after that comment, the young lady patiently watched as Gaston continued his enchantment.  The emerald aura seemed to pull from her body along with the sage’s hand.  When it was completely liberated, it floated into the air like a haze.  Gaston swatted down with his open palm, slapping the aura onto the parchment.  Immediately, a variety of colors seemed to be painted upon the paper.
“Do you know what this is?” Gaston asked.
Adelia shook her head but leaned closer, trying to gain some insight.
“This is a special map that knows where you are in relation to the surrounding country.  As you travel, the image will move to accommodate your environment.”
The young lady swallowed hard.  “Can anyone make a map of someone else?”
“A highly regarded mage can,” Gaston clarified.  Sensing that she was uneasy, he placed a hand on her shoulder.  “Do not be worried.  You would have to be in immediate proximity for someone to collect your whereabouts.”
She breathed a sigh of relief.
“This map in particular will be used so you can find your way to Folly’s Glen.”  When she wore an inquisitive gaze once more, he grinned at her curiosity.  “Forsynthia is the perfect place for me.  It’s close to the southern seas if I ever need to charter a ship.  It’s close to Gardone, so we’re always well protected.
“Another benefit is its proximity to supplies,” he continued.  “Some staves and wands require a certain kind of wood to gain their power.  To the south, there is an immense forest, watched over by elves.  Nearly every kind of sorcerer’s tree is located in those woods.
“East of here, the Raster Springs provide us with magical water.  You’d think that such a thing would be menial, but arcane springs are a rarity.  There are only two I can recall that reside on Draconis.  Of course, I am getting rather old and…
“My dear, I apologize,” Gaston said.  “I’m rambling again, as I am oft to do.  My point is Folly’s Glen is just as important to this locale as the rest.  The place is known for its natural sorcery.  Dozens of varieties of herbs grow within, making it ideal for collection.”
The sage slid his satchel off his shoulder.  “Here,” he said.  “Inside, you’ll find another tome with instructions on how to identify alchemical reagents in the wild.  There are also individual pouches and vials you can use to separate your ingredients.
“Now, get going before I talk you into unconsciousness,” the sage bade.  “We’ve already wasted enough time, and the afternoon sun will soon be here.”
“Thank you, Master Camlann,” the young lady said.
The wizard grinned.  “Just Gaston will do.”
She smiled in reply, bowing before turning to head west.  Folly’s Glen was nearby but still not as close as her mentor implied.  His suggestion to get moving before the sun burned through the day was welcomed advice.
As the girl went on her way, Gaston turned and began back toward the keep.  Along the way, he passed the wildflower fields.  A black object hopped out of the flora every few moments, immediately sinking back within.  Watching with intrigue, the sage waited until he was passed.  He was sure he had been spotted but disregarded without a second thought.
“Keep her safe, Merlin,” Gaston quietly said.

*	*	*	*	*	

The sun had outpaced the would-be mage, leading her to her destination.  She had spotted Folly’s Glen some time before, and her urgency had wavered.  True to Gaston’s word, the place seemed overwhelmed by magic.  What the sage hadn’t told her was it was decidedly dark magic.
Several hundred feet outside of the glen – which was actually a densely thick forest – the plains of Daltain gradually grew more rugged.  Large boulders were scattered about the area, some beside immense scars in the ground.  Adelia braced herself upon one of the boulders, peering at her destination.  Folly’s Glen seemed bleak, as if the blue sky above it were somehow darker.
“He must have been very disappointed about that desk,” the young lady said to herself.
A meow to her side had her nearly flinging herself over the boulder.  Adelia somehow managed to root herself in place, only abruptly casting her gaze in the direction of her unexpected companion.
Adelia furled her eyebrows then.  “Does Gaston have you spying on me?”
The small black feline hopped upon the boulder and stared into Folly’s Glen.  She followed his gaze and sighed.
“You’d better not get lost in there,” she asserted.  “I won’t have the time to look for you.”
As if challenging that notion, Merlin leapt off of the rock and strode fearlessly toward the dark forest.  Shaking her head, Adelia followed his lead.
Even though the cat proceeded casually, he easily outpaced the girl.  She began running to catch up with him but was not quick enough to reach him before he disappeared within the woods.  Without hesitation, she gave chase.
As she slipped into the woods, she was shocked still.
Before her eyes, the sky seemed like a radiant jewel, shining down an indigo light upon the glen.  Far ahead, a creek flowed through the place, its water clearer than any she’d ever seen.  Even the grass seemed livelier than outside among the plains.  The ground seemed to sparkle, as though miniscule gemstones were glued upon every emerald blade.
When her immediate awe subsided, Adelia was able to focus on the creature that had boldly led her inside.  Merlin sat upon a rock beside the river, staring at the girl.  He seemed to swell with pride, smiling as only a cat could.
Absentmindedly, the young lady made her way toward the creek.  Merlin hopped down from his perch and leapt over the water.  Once Adelia arrived there, she couldn’t help being impressed by the clarity of the liquid.  She could see through the water without any obstruction, yet she could see her reflection staring back at her.
Looking to the side, she was surprised to see the creek’s origin.  It flowed from within a solitary tree farther north, and as best she could tell, it could not be seen beyond that.  A glance in the opposite direction showed that the stream ended in much the same way.  The water flowed within the hollow of a tree, disappearing there.
On the opposite side of the creek, Merlin leaned down, lapping up the crystalline water.
“That’s not a bad idea,” Adelia mused.  The young lady dropped to her knees and cupped her hands together.  Anticipating a cool drink, she reached forward.
To her dismay and her surprise, the water seemed to avoid her hands.  She could see the damp dirt beneath it, yet the stream separated in two, forking around her presence.  She reached a little farther, and the water split there instead.
Merlin sat up on his haunches, licking the water off his furry lips.  He stared at his companion, giving off an air of superiority.
“All right, what’s your secret?” Adelia asked.
The cat leaned down again, nearly engulfing his muzzle in the stream.
Adelia was about to make another attempt when she noticed the glen had suddenly grown dark.  A look skyward alerted her to nothing, for the canvas above was still a vibrant blue.  When her gaze returned to the ground, it was once again bright and verdant.
Sighing, the young lady stood.  She crossed over the creek, oblivious to the water splitting around her feet.  She was instead focused on the opposite side of the glen, where lumibugs seemed to congregate.  Their multicolored dance was mesmerizing, and Adelia was drawn to them.
As she approached their mating area, she watched the organized chaos of it all.  The congregation seemed to pitch and sway one way or another every few moments.
It didn’t take long for Adelia to figure out why.
A jet of flame burst from the ground.  She drew back reflexively, the fire briefly stealing away the girl’s vision.  When it returned, she could see the lumibugs, still happily dancing amongst each other, had moved just out of the way of the fire.  That hissing pillar withdrew back into the ground a moment later.
She could see as the swarm rotated around their section of the glen, their flight seeming so trivial yet so deliberate.  Another fiery eruption cast out, and once again the lumibugs were just clear of that potential massacre.
Adelia narrowed her eyes to combat the heat and the brightness, but she couldn’t suppress the smile beginning to curl her lips upward.  That amused look quickly subsided when the latest flame submerged.  Only moments later, her companion whimsically leapt into the area.
“Merlin!” she cried.
The cat showed little concern for his safety.  Rather, he hopped about, swatting playfully at the lumibugs in the air.
While his dance followed the brightly colored insects, he was just as safe as they were.  The pillars of flame were just out of reach, and he seemed oblivious to their presence.
Still, Adelia could barely breathe while her companion remained in danger.  Just as quickly as Merlin became interested in the lumibugs, however, he grew bored with them.  With a roaring blast of fire at his back, the cat leisurely walked away from danger.
Breathing out a sigh of relief, the young lady smiled again.  Who would have believed I’d be worried about a cat? she thought.
Following Merlin away from the lumibugs, Adelia saw another glow.  Not far away, a tree stood clear from the rest, bioluminescent mushrooms growing from its bark in an unending spiral.  Radiating in bright blues and purples, the lone tree was like a beacon for the forest.
As she approached, Adelia realized she wasn’t the only one so intrigued.  Merlin pranced toward the tree, content with his lot in life.
The fungus was larger than she first thought, but she was still surprised to see the cat proceeding up and around the spiral like a staircase.  Up and up he went, until he reached one of the lower branches.  Once there, he lazily lay down, observing the other happenings of the glen.
Below, the would-be herbalist looked at the fungus for a brief while.  She reached into her satchel then, retrieving the tome Gaston had provided.  “Let’s see if you’re one of the ones I need.”  Adelia set the book in the bend of her arm and thumbed through the pages.  Each weathered parchment sounded as though it would tear out at any moment.  She knew it was deceptively strong, however, in no small part due to her teacher’s magic.
“Here we go,” she said.  “Sunset blister.”  The young lady passed a glance to the cat in the bough.  “Why do all of these ingredients have such dreadful names?”
Merlin offered no verbal response; his tail twitched as though he was saying he didn’t care.
With a smile, Adelia shrugged.  She placed the tome back in her satchel and removed a small flask instead.  She proceeded to scrape one of the smaller pieces of fungus off of the tree, dropping it into the glassware.  A minute cloud of dust puffed out from the broken piece that remained, as if in protest.  While she wasn’t focused on it, the young lady couldn’t ignore the horrid smell.  Even Merlin abruptly stood and leapt from the tree.  Adelia followed him deeper into the glen.
True to Gaston’s words, Folly’s Glen had everything necessary for an aspiring alchemist.  Somehow, the place seemed able to foster just about any ecology.  The lush forest gave way to a bubbling bog, and far beyond that, the young lady could see the western mountains.
One by one, Adelia harvested the reagents, gathering hornroot, thistlebark, and sunfoil.  Vials, flasks, and pouches were quickly filled, and she wondered how anyone could amass such a plentiful assortment.  Her equipment was nearly full, and every few dozen yards, she could see another item for her collection.
With her sight often falling upon the tome, she had lost track of Merlin.  He knew his way around the glen better than she, though, and Adelia didn’t worry.
A dark shadow crawled over the old pages.  The young lady looked skyward, but just as before, she couldn’t see anything obscuring the sun.  Shuddering, she proceeded deeper into the glen.  The bog was just before her, a solid path leading between the marshes.
Crinkling her nose, Adelia couldn’t escape the pungent smell of the bog.  The heat of the place was just as overwhelming, forcing her to take shallow breaths.  Dark bubbles rose to the surface of the viscous green liquid, like a thick pea soup left within a red hot cauldron.
The young lady hoped to collect whatever pertinent reagents she could and immediately leave the marsh behind her.  She spotted a collection of spiny reeds just at the edge of the solid ground and slowly began her approach.
“Swamp fangs,” she said, identifying the herb from the tome.
Content with one more item to bring back to Forsynthia, Adelia approached the muck.  Carefully wrapping her fingers around the spiny reeds, she began tugging.  The bog’s grip on them was much more powerful than she expected, and she found she was losing the contest of strength.
Breathing deeply, the young lady used all of her weight to aid her harvest.  Her balance was sacrificed, however.  When the marsh finally conceded and bestowed upon her its reward, Adelia fell backward.  She cradled the satchel as she landed on her rump, but the flap still opened when it landed.  Several of the vials inside rolled about the ground behind her.
No permanent damage had been done.  None of the reagents Adelia had collected that day had been lost, and she held onto one more.  Standing, she was able to smile.  After only a brief few moments, all of the supplies were in her satchel.
She stood and turned west, aware of one more location where rare herbs could be found.  The mountains separating Daltain and Gandarst were sure to be rife with rock ash, iron ivy, and silvercloak.
With the grin still wide on her face, she proceeded in that direction.  She wasn’t able to move very far from the swamp before darkness seemed to envelop the glen again.  That time, though, a huge rumble beneath her nearly shook her from her feet.
Adelia turned and was shocked to be staring at a black dragon.  With large, green eyes, the menacing tyrant glared back.
Every ebon scale seemed to glisten in the sunlight, yet the heat and the vapors from the bog almost gave them a corrosive appearance.  Razor sharp claws dug into the ground she had just tread upon, drawing the viscous, murky liquid toward the surface.  As the dragon’s mouth parted, she could see the rows of the giant beast’s teeth.
The young lady could feel fear reaping the soul from her body.  The terrifying monster had landed upon the widest area of solid ground, but even then, his heft was causing the earth to crumble beneath him.
There was nowhere for Adelia to run.  The swamp blocked most of her passage out of Folly’s Glen, and with the mountains at her back, she truly felt trapped.
A gentle, soft touch wrapped around her leg, and she nearly fainted.  When she looked down, she was surprised to see Merlin there.  He stepped forward and sat down before her, staring stoically at the dragon.
She watched as the dragon’s muscles tensed and its neck straightened.  Those green eyes narrowed, and Adelia was certain both she and the cat were to be tasty snacks for the tyrant.  Just as abruptly as it landed, though, the dragon took to flight.  It disappeared from the azure canvas above just a few moments later.
Adelia had never sighed so loudly.  Her tiny, furry savior turned back toward her and almost gleefully approached.  The girl felt her legs wobble, and she nearly fell to her rump.  The feline was well rewarded with several scratches around his ear and beneath his chin.
“I would pet you forever, Merlin,” she said.  “But I think it’s a good idea if we leave this place far behind us.”

Chapter Four: Arcane Intuition

Folly’s Glen was far behind the aspiring mage, yet Forsynthia remained out of sight.  Adelia’s eyes wandered to and fro often, but her gaze always inexplicably ended skyward.
Merlin had followed the young woman immediately as she left the enchanted forest.  They walked side by side, though every few moments the cat would outpace her and look behind with concern.  If she noticed the feline’s curiosity, she didn’t allow it to show.  Since the encounter with the dragon, she had barely spoken, and her mind couldn’t focus very long.
The map Gaston had bestowed upon her remained rolled up in her satchel.  Whenever her steps took her in the wrong direction, Merlin was there, helping her to subconsciously shift toward Forsynthia.
Following an ascent over a steep hill, the city was finally in sight.
Much time had passed, and the morning glow from when she had was replaced by a fading dusk.  The sun, just barely peeking over the horizon behind her, cast long shadows from every tall tree and building – even the shorter topiary creatures.  Those shadows couldn’t hide the sage who patiently waited just at the bottom of the hill, however.
“How did you know I would be here now?” Adelia asked.
A series of chuckles led the girl closer to her tutor.  He reached out and lightly grasped her shoulder as he turned to walk beside her.  “My dear, you have much to learn of a wizard’s intuition.”
She nodded.  “It would have made things less surprising in Folly’s Glen.”
“Ah, so you found the place,” he said.
“And left it no worse for wear.”  Adelia absentmindedly patted her satchel.  “Are you aware of the dragon that haunts that forest?”
“No, not one in particular,” Gaston offered.
His student quietly reflected on that comment before turning, concern showing in her eyes.  “In particular?” she repeated.
The sage shrugged.  “That area and the mountains beside it have long been the destination of many pilgrimages.  Wizards aplenty venture to Folly’s Glen, and countless dragons take to the skies above it.”
“And this knowledge couldn’t have been passed along a little earlier?”
Gaston couldn’t hide a mischievous smile.  “It seems I’m sometimes caught off-guard by how inexperienced you are with all of this.  I don’t see you as a student of magic, but the product of it.  I see what you ought to become, once your training is competed.”
“Thank you for the kind words, Master Camlann.”
“Just Gaston will –”
“If I may beg your pardon,” Adelia forcibly interrupted.  “All the kind words in the world won’t save me from a dragon the next time Merlin isn’t nearby.”
The sage nodded then.  “You’re right, of course.  And I… What’s that about Merlin?”
“When the dragon landed before me, Merlin sat down in front of me and stared daggers right at that black-scaled monster.  He must have sensed the dragon roots of your little cat because, not long after that, he took to the air and left us alone.”
With widened eyes, the wizard shook his head.  “My dear, it seems I may have misled you.  When I was telling you the story of the cat’s origins, I was simply spinning a yarn.  I was just having fun with you.”
Adelia flashed a confident grin.  “Perhaps there’s more truth in your tale than you realized.”  Her demeanor swiftly changed.  “I came this close to being eaten today.  If Merlin wasn’t there, you and I wouldn’t be having this conversation.”
Gaston nodded.  “You’re right, of course.  Most dragons don’t particularly care for the mundane events of our lives.  They would have just as soon ignored you than anything.  But a black dragon… They’re not exactly known for their compassion.  I should have trained you better before sending you out there.”
“Well, I’m still here.  For whatever reason, the dragon left us alone.  He took off as though he was scared.  Whether he should have been, only Merlin knows.”
Gaston smiled, conceding to the thought.  “Other than that encounter, how was your adventure to Folly’s Glen?  Were you more successful in finding herbs than you were in using them?”
Narrowing her eyes, Adelia passed the satchel to her mentor.  Once it was in his hands, though, she couldn’t suppress a grin of her own.  “If the dragon hadn’t shown up, I would have needed a second pack.”
“This is excellent, my dear,” the sage offered.
“Yes, I’d like to think so,” she replied.  “Although it does seem a shame that my calling in life falls to picking weeds.”
“Don’t fret, child,” Gaston said.  “You may find that it’s quite a relaxing hobby.”  He chortled a bit but continued.  “Next time I’ll try to provide you with a container that is a little less finite.”
“I’ve never agreed to camp in Folly’s Glen,” she slyly remarked.
The sage stood straighter then.  “My dear, I can sense the confidence building in you.  Just yesterday you were a meek little thing.  I honestly couldn’t tell what you would amount to, though I had hoped for the best.
“Today, though,” he went on, “today, I can sense a strength in you that even you thought was lost.  And that intuition we’ve talked about… With a wit like yours, I don’t doubt that we can get you on the right track in a matter of weeks.”
“I hope I do not disappoint,” she said.
“Worry not,” he replied.  “I won’t let you.”  Smiling, he gently placed a hand on her back and guided her in the direction of the keep.  “When you spent your time in Viscosa, I imagine you saw some of the so-called street rats – those men or women who preyed on people with tall tales and games of chance.”
“If I hadn’t found help when I did, I may have ended up one of those street rats,” Adelia exclaimed.
“I have my doubts about that.  Even so, I’m sure you’re at least a little familiar with the shell game.”
“Three shells on a table and a gem under a single one of them.”
“They’re saying they’ll give you a gem now?” Gaston loudly cried before shaking his head.  “I assure you, that jewel is a fake.  Not that many people would ever win that prize.  You see, those tricksters practice their own forms of magic.  The power of suggestion is quite strong, and they wield it deftly.  All it takes is one seemingly errant touch, one lingering finger.”
Gaston stopped then.  “If we may, I’d like to perform an experiment.  We’ll play a shell game of our own, with a prize more valuable than some costume jewelry.”
“I’ve never been very good at these,” Adelia insisted.
“Fear not,” the sage said.  “You’re not paying for this game.”
He stepped back then, lowering his arms and holding them out wide.  His robe lightly swayed as he summoned his magic.  His fingers glowed yellow, and his student was focused on that appearance.  All at once, he clapped his hands together and opened them a moment later, leaving three brown, walnut-sized shells hovering in the air.  All three opened, displaying a small golden orb within the center shell.
“This is magical power,” Gaston said, reaching out with one hand.  The shining sphere slid toward his opened palm, revolving just above his skin.  “If you can find it, it’s yours.”
The pupil nodded at the thought of that promise but was too focused on the sphere to speak.  Slowly, the golden ball slid back into place within the central shell.  Gaston closed his outstretched hand into a fist, and all three shells shut.
“Just as in the streets of Viscosa, I now ask you to keep your eyes on the shell with the prize inside.  Don’t blink; else you might lose sight of what is at stake here.”
The sage began rolling his hands about in the air, and the levitated shells adhered to his movements, hopping over each other or twisting beneath.  Sometimes they pitched back or forward, nearly striking the pupil.  All the while, though, she kept her focus.  A determined gaze was etched upon her face.
Finally, the pace of the shells’ movements slowed until they came to a stop in almost the identical spots they started in.
“Now then, if you think you know where that magic power is, simply touch your hand to it,” Gaston said.
Adelia hesitated for a moment but stepped forward.  She reached out, lightly touching the center shell.
“Are you confident that is where the power lies?”
His pupil nodded.  “I saw the glow within that shell when it started.  I didn’t blink long enough to lose it.”
Flashing a mischievous smirk, Gaston opened his hand.  The central shell separated, yet there was nothing inside.  Adelia stepped back, nearly stunned.  She bowed her head in defeat.  The sage clicked his tongue, gaining her attention once more.  The other shells opened as well, revealing nothing within either of them.
“I was never meant to win the magic power, was I?” she asked.  Her voice was more powerful than Gaston had heard from her.
He simply smiled brighter.  “I can’t give you that power,” he said, stepping forward.  “Because it is already within you.”  He reached out, stopping just before her collarbone.  Before her eyes, the glowing golden orb emerged from her chest.
Despite the kind gesture, Adelia crossed her arms over her chest.
One of the loudest laughs she had heard erupted from her tutor then.  It was able to disarm her as well, for several moments later even she could not suppress a smile.
“You are going to be a powerful sorceress one day,” Gaston promised.  “It may be a slow road, but no wizard truly understood the arcane arts overnight.  That road may have twists and turns and obstacles, but as long as you keep the pace, you’ll surprise yourself, I assure you.”
He guided her toward the keep once more.  They passed the wildflowers and the topiary guardians, until they were close to the drawn portcullis.  The sage continued forward, but his apprentice stopped and hesitated.  Gaston turned to look at her.
“What if something happens like today?” Adelia asked.  “What if a dragon decides that I’m not a mage, but a meal?  I may not ever have the opportunity to learn the arcane arts.”
The sage stood straighter upon hearing that confession.  He slowly returned to her, subtly nodding.  “Perhaps I’ve been too focused on the broader spectrum of magic to truly convey to you how everything works.”  He shrugged, looking to his side.  “This may seem a little strange, but let me try to explain how magic works on Tellest.
“When you look around, you see the keep.  You can touch the stonework, you can feel every groove.  You know without compromise that it exists and that it is here.  If you wanted, you could go out into Forsynthia, you can smell the flowers, you can taste the aromas of the cooking meats over at the tavern.  We believe in these things because we so often experience them.
“A normal person will not sense magic because they’ve never experienced it.  Many people harness the power simply on faith alone, because its presence simply cannot be found.”
Gaston spread his arms wide.  “The realm we are in is the physical realm.  We understand things because we can vividly sense them.  Magic, on the other hand, exists in a different realm, within a separate plane of existence.  It remains close enough to our world that those of us with faith in it can bend and shape it.  We can pull it into Tellest, through the aether and give it form.  When our use of it expires, it bleeds back into its original realm where it is restored.
“You see, my dear, magic is not some finite thing we must preserve lest we lose it.  The only limitations we have are ourselves.  Magic spins around this planet like the clouds, opening in greater pockets without our making.  Some of it lingers in places like Folly’s Glen.”
“But how do I use it?” Adelia asked.  “How do I make it some conscious thing?  So far I’ve only been able to reach into that place when I’ve been scared to death.  Why is it only then that magic serves me?”
“Perhaps in those moments of desperation, your eyes see with more clarity,” Gaston reasoned.  “If you were able to somehow peer into that place with more conviction, maybe you could readily shape the magic to your liking.
“You see, different practitioners of magic sense the other realm in different ways.  Some hear the words of some long lost secret and call them out to make them whole once again.  Some chant to give themselves a stronger sense of concentration.  I’ve personally found that shaping the invisible force aids me in my casting.
“There are others who use baubles and trinkets.  Staves, wands, and scepters become an almost divining extension of their bodies.  It is as if they are attuning a part of themselves, housing it in that device.”
Adelia nodded, struggling to take it all in.  “Maybe a wand would serve me best.”
“I’ve always thought it was best to focus on what’s been proven,” the sage offered.  “We know you were able to summon your spells without a wand before.  I saw it with my own eyes.  And even then, you weren’t exactly in death’s grip.”
“When I nearly eradicated your cat?” the student miserably said.
“Exactly,” he contentedly replied.  “You’re showing signs of progress, as slight as they may be.”  The sage paused and looked around.  He nodded then and urged the girl to turn to her left.  “Why don’t we give it a try now?”
They watched as a young archer slung a bow over his shoulder, approaching a training dummy he had already turned into a pincushion.  Less than a dozen feet from there, a second dummy was positioned, seemingly free from the dangers within Hawthorne Keep.
“Go ahead,” Gaston said.  “Do your worst to it.”
He stepped forward, turning to see his pupil.  She stared at him pitifully, but he only grinned and crossed his arms over his chest, the sleeves of his robe draping over.  A quiet sigh managed to shake Adelia’s small frame.  She cast her gaze forward, landing it upon the formless face of the training dummy.
As his student began to focus, the sage concentrated his sight on her eyes.  He could see as her pupils constricted, and a slight grin lifted his lips upward.
Adelia thrust her arm out, her face becoming stern.  She stood there for some while yet couldn’t produce even a smoky fizzle as a sign of failure.
“Keep pointing at him,” the archer cockily said.  “I’m sure he’ll fall down eventually.”  He turned back to his target and let his final arrow fly.  It hadn’t flown ten feet from the bow before a strong gust of otherworldly wind sent it up and over the keep’s wall.
The archer passed a sneer at Gaston, but the sage innocently looked skyward in the opposite direction.  Stifling a growl, the other man in the keep’s courtyard stomped to his remaining arrows, ripping them from the dummy.  He wasted no time slipping into the halls of Hawthorne Keep, leaving the sage and his student behind.
“That’s better.  One less distraction,” Gaston said.  He could sense his pupil’s embarrassment but merely shrugged.  “The boy is an excellent marksman, but he lacks any kind of manners.  You’d never guess he was Lydick’s son.”  He shook his head, discarding the notion.  “Let’s try again, shall we?”
Adelia breathed deeply, her attention fixed once again on the training dummy.  Gaston watched as her focus flushed her cheeks red, her eyes narrowed, and her jaw locked.  He could see as her arm trembled as well.
 “I’m sorry,” she said, lowering her extended limb and bowing in frustration.
“You’ve been through much today,” Gaston offered.  “Perhaps I’ve asked too much of you.  While many of your tasks today have been absent of physical toils, none would dare say that you haven’t been mentally taxed.  Why don’t I prepare you a cup of lavender tea to help you drift toward a pleasant sleep?”
Sighing heavily, Adelia nodded.  The sage once again placed his hand upon her lower back, guiding her toward the stairs that led to the second floor.
“You shouldn’t expect too much of yourself at first,” Gaston said.  “We already know you have a link to the magical plane.  There’s no need to rush it.  Now, why don’t we drop off those reagents in my room and I’ll see about making that tea?”
“Yes, Master Camlann,” she agreed.
“Just Gaston will do,” he replied, smiling.
When the sage gently thrust open the door, both were surprised to see Edric and another man directly in front of them.  The man who was unknown to them both held a dagger to Edric’s throat.
The sage extended his arm then.
His student raised her arm quicker.
A blast of energy shot forth from Adelia’s open palm like a bolt of lightning.  It struck the would-be assassin in his shoulder, flinging him backward.  His arms straightened and stiffened from the shock, allowing Edric to sink from his grasp.  As the hostage cleared, Adelia extended her other arm as well.  Another flash of light blinded everyone in the room momentarily.  Just as their vision returned, they could see the assassin tipping backward through the window.  He pronounced his own surprise with a horrified yell.
Edric ran to the window, while Gaston simply took a few steps forward.  He looked into his student’s eyes.  Darkened clouds seemed to crawl over her irises and pupils before they ultimately faded, revealing her blue eyes once more.
Gaston couldn’t hide his smile.

Chapter Five: Inscription

As the daylight hours waned, the sun said its evening farewells, slipping beneath the horizon.  Candles had been lit within Gaston’s room, and the shutters upon the windows had been drawn shut.  The moths and beetles outside would have to find a different flame to approach.
Adelia had sat at one of those windows for some time.  At her tutor’s behest, she stayed in the room while Gaston and Edric rushed to the outside wall of the keep.  Though the assassin was grievously injured, he had survived the shock and the fall.  More astonishingly, he had retained his consciousness.  The student, high above, could just barely see him retrieve another knife from his hip.
The older men had arrived shortly after, and she warned them of the new weapon.  He didn’t seem keen on using it, however.  Edric passed Gaston a concerned glance when the assassin was turned over.  Both men shook their heads as they dragged the intruder back into Hawthorne Keep.
The pupil had lit the candles just before she had drawn the shutters to a close.  After a long time alone, the wax on those candles melted down much further than she expected.  Adelia breathed out a quiet sigh and apprehended one of Gaston’s tomes, opening it up to a random page.
Various topics of research were scribbled within the book, ranging from the effects of certain alchemical concoctions on nearby plant life to the results of a particular mix of pipe weeds intended to attract dragons.  The young lady spent some time investigating each of the topics while she waited for her tutor to return.
When Gaston did enter the room, he was not alone.
“I always knew Trevor didn’t like me much,” Edric said.  “But I never thought he’d just let some strange man in here to kill me.”
Adelia began to stand, but her tutor raised his hand to stay her.  She sank back into the chair at the sage’s desk but kept her attention on the two men.  Gaston placed two items on her dilapidate desk instead.  One was a shining knife, while the other was a vial that contained some dark red semitransparent liquid.  
“You know Lydick’s boy wouldn’t have intentionally meant to do you harm,” the sage offered.  “He’s just never been much of a people person.”
“Hence why he’s training with the bow,” Edric countered.  “So he can kill someone from afar without having to see it and without feeling a lick of remorse.”
They went on for some time like that, merely gossiping, it seemed.  Adelia turned back to Gaston’s desk and took note of the tome the sage had most recently scribbled within.  It was left open to his freshest remarks, the ink still dark and bold.  The young lady took care to gently turn the pages until she reached the title of the subject.
“The Strain: The Origins of Strange, Raw Magic in Beings on Tellest,” she whispered.  The tome went on in greater details, describing the incredible powers Gaston had seen in some of Tellest’s greatest heroes.  Somehow, he supposed, the pockets of magic that moved with the weather bestowed their gift permanently to those born under their aura.
Adelia perused the pages for so long that she didn’t hear as Gaston and Edric’s conversation grew dull.  Instead, she paid greater attention to the book.  The sage’s words explained how the Strain affected different cultures and races.  The dwarves elected their kings based on the manifestation of uncanny powers, while the elves shared their power fully amongst each sect.
The scrape of a wooden chair against the floor was not completely lost to Adelia.  She turned in time to see Edric approach her.  He stopped just several feet away and lightly bowed.  “My thanks, young lady,” he said.  “Without your aid, I might not be here now.”  He turned to his friend then, nodding weakly.  “Let me know if you hear anything from our intruder.”
“A fine surprise that would be,” Gaston chortled.  “I’m no cleric.”
Edric hummed to himself as he understood that notion.  He lazily brought up his hand, bidding the two magi goodnight.
Birds still chirped outside, despite the darkness.  The young woman supposed she might have been reading through her master’s tomes all night and that morning was already upon them.
“Best get ready for bed,” Gaston said.  He clapped his hands together as he stood and slowly made his way toward his pupil.  His eyes landed upon the open book in front of her and the other tomes on the desk that remained out of place.  “My dear, just how much have you read tonight?”
“Quite enough,” she said, rubbing her eyes.
“And it didn’t give you much trouble?”  He pressed on before she could answer.  “The alchemy and herbalist tomes were written with a possible apprentice in mind, but most of my other works are more scholarly in nature.”
“One thing I was taught well was literacy,” the young lady replied.  “It simply wouldn’t do to travel to a nearby town and look for a tanner’s shop and then accidentally take our wares to a bakery.  My words are strong – though not as much as yours, of course.  You seem very passionate about your topics.  Not least of all this… Strain.”
His eyebrow arched as he heard the single word.  “I left that tome out, did I?”
“It seems you intended on writing plenty more on the subject,” Adelia confirmed.
“That I do.  It’s become somewhat of a hobby of mine.  I was planning for quite some time to visit Genger’mar or Caledos, but neither the orcs nor the minotaurs are known for their demonstration of the Strain.  There is a good chance my journey would become a mere vacation among cities where humans are welcomed, though not openly embraced.”
“What about Atalatha?” Adelia wondered.  She immediately shrunk back, fiercely tightening her lips.
Gaston noticed the reaction but waved it away.  “While Atalatha has long embraced the other races, I’m sure even you’ve noticed or heard about the less diverse it is becoming.  Most of the city was built on the backs of the dwarves, but even they have mostly cleared out.
“Bah, back to the entertaining bits,” the sage offered.  “The werewolves and werebears of Gandarst probably have the Strain to thank for their lycanthropy, and any of the anthropomorphic races’ origins are questionable enough to venture that the Strain had some part in their creation as well – the kobolds, the kaja, and the minotaurs included.”
“You seem fascinated by all of it,” Adelia said.
The sage looked to the tome and nodded.  “That I am, my dear.  Perhaps too much.”  He turned toward the door to the hall and took a single step in that direction.  “How much of our conversation did you hear while you were reading?”
“Nothing important,” she insisted.  “I wasn’t eavesdropping.”
“You simply must,” Gaston cheerfully replied.  “It’s one of the simpler joys in life.  Besides, now I’ve got to tell you what’s happened anyway.
“The man who tried to kill Edric – who you so succinctly thwarted – didn’t die from his injuries.  But you knew that when you warned us of his knife.  I assure you, we were never in any danger then.  He had produced the weapon for another reason entirely.
“You see,” the sage went on, “he no longer possesses the means to speak with us.”  He paused for a moment as the full weight of that comment reached Adelia.  “Tomorrow, some interrogators will arrive to ask him some very specific questions that can be answered by a nod or a shake of his head.  Whatever the case, he zealously wanted to keep the details of his task quiet.
“That isn’t to say we can’t discern what he was doing here.  We saw the knife to Edric’s throat.  And once we apprehended him, we found several of his belongings.”  Gaston made his way to his pupil’s desk, picking up the glassware with the crimson liquid.  “This vial of poison I’m sure you saw when Edric and I returned.  But this,” he said, reaching into his robe, “this is the fun part.”
He produced a small, rolled up parchment and handed it to Adelia.  She gently grasped the paper, letting it unroll naturally before stretching it further.  The young lady turned until the candlelight shone over her shoulder.  As her brow furled, Gaston couldn’t hope to hide a wry grin.
“Not exactly written in the most common of languages, is it?” the sage asked.  He retrieved the parchment from the girl and sprawled it upon his desk.  He proceeded to place empty vials upon opposite corners, preventing the paper from rolling back into its cylindrical shape.
As the light landed fully upon the paper, Adelia could see the dark scratches upon the vellum.  Symbols had been scrawled with what seemed like charcoal.  They were almost formless, though, offering no real details of their meaning.
“This is unlike any language I’ve ever seen,” Adelia offered.  “Even in the library at Viscosa, I’d never seen anything like this.”
“That’s because it isn’t a traditional language, my dear,” Gaston offered.  “These are glyphs.”
His student tilted her head at that vague description.
An exuberant expression appeared on the old man’s face, and he stepped back toward her desk, dragging another chair closer.  He fell into it as if he had his entire youth left to spend.
“Think of glyphs as a wizard’s written words,” he described.  “They help to transcribe the arcane realm into a more manageable means.  When I told you that nearly anybody could cast a magic spell, this is how.  Typically, a mage will invoke the glyphs upon a page and then translate it into a readable, phonetic language for a layman.  With patience and precision, that person can read the incantation and summon magic on their own.
“Now of course, that can lead to some very terrible repercussions.  Magic has brought great destruction before.  Unchecked, it will surely happen again.  Many times, great wizards simply leave their scrolls without translating them.”
“Do you think the man that attacked Edric was a magician?” Adelia asked.
Gaston sucked in his lips a bit before shaking his head.  “No.  No, I don’t think so.  I haven’t had much time to look at the scroll, but it seems to be something besides a spell.  His actions thus far imply he has no formal magic training either.”
“But why would he have… glyphs like these if he couldn’t read them?”
“If you’re not too tired, that’s what I’d like to find out.”  The sage beamed at the prospect of the investigation.
Adelia swung her seat around until she, too, faced the paper sprawled out on the table.
“For many people, it could be very hard to read this parchment, even if they remember any specific details,” the sage said.  He pulled open a drawer on the right side of his desk and reached inside.  A moment later, he retrieved a small vial and placed it on the desk.  Its contents swirled with a dark grey, shimmering color.  “But if he was able to learn to memorize a specific chant of some sort, there is a chance he would be able to translate this back and forth as needed.”
“Is there any way for us to decipher it?”
“It is possible,” Gaston offered.  “This is a very special ink,” he said, shaking the vial.  “It comes from something called silverthorn.  When you squeeze it, it secretes this grey pulp.  Prepared correctly, it becomes the ink in this container.”
“Isn’t that painful?” Adelia asked.
“My dear, you’ll find that anything worth doing usually is.  In any case, we can use this ink to recreate the words upon his page.  If we perform the task correctly, we’ll find out what secrets he’s been hiding.  If we fail, the truth might be lost forever.”
Adelia nodded, but that gesture quickly changed when he pushed the silver vial in front of her.  As she shook her head, he smiled brightly.
“You can do this, I’m sure of it,” he said.  “Take hold of it.  Summon the ink from the container.  See the waves of magic behind our reality.  Make it bend the lies into the truth.”
The pupil swallowed hard, blowing out a deep sigh at its end.  She plucked the cork from the vial and placed both beside the assassin’s note.  Gaston rose to his feet then, stepping farther away.  Adelia passed him a concerned glance, but the sage simply bowed his head, urging her on.
“Picture it,” he said.  “See into that other realm, as you have before.”  As she listened to his suggestion, he stepped farther back, just out of her peripheral vision.  “Draw the silver into the void between worlds.  Let the magic take hold of it.”
Adelia spun her hand in narrow circles above the container.  She was momentarily surprised to see the ink slowly emerge from the top, as if it were bubbling over.  Her eyes narrowed as she let determination take hold of her.  As the contents separated from the glass, they began to fade.  Individual droplets seemed to disappear into thin air.  Through those narrowed eyes, though, the student was sure she could see them still.
“Now cast it over the parchment.  Will the words to change.”
She did as instructed, moving her arm over the assassin’s document.  Similar to how the silverthorn ink had faded, the inscriptions upon the page, too, began to disappear.  It reshaped itself then, becoming a language Adelia was much more accustomed to.
“We did it,” she said, turning around to face her tutor.  An exuberant smile spread her lips.
Gaston slowly lowered his hand and stepped forward.  Adelia could see the perspiration on his face.  She was unable to focus on his sudden fatigue for long, however.  The sage gently lifted the parchment, as if he was worried the new ink might drip from its surface.
The sage hummed as he perused the contents of the newly translated text.  Only a moment later, his jaw dropped.  “Interesting,” he said.  Though his eyes remained fixed on the parchment, he turned his body toward his student.  “Yes, this is quite interesting indeed.  According to this, it was never Edric that was Thoro’s target.  Er, that would be our would-be assassin.”
“How is that possible?”
“He was after a man who spends a great deal of his time in this keep.  Our armorer, who supplies the knights of Gardone… that was the target.  He was after Lydick.”
“The archer’s father?”
“The same,” Gaston insisted.  “Thoro was apparently staying at a place called Gypsy Hollow.”  He looked toward the ceiling then, his brow furling.  “Now why does that sound so familiar?  No matter.  The note goes on to imply the weapons and armor Lydick fashions need to be destroyed.  It seems someone wants to make sure the white knights are ill-equipped for battle.”
“But who would want to do that?”
Again, the sage hummed.  He placed the parchment back upon his desk and crossed the room to the opposite piece of furniture.  Retrieving the vial with the red liquid within, he turned back to his pupil.  “I’m willing to guess that this isn’t poison but a very specific type of acid.”  He uncorked the glass and let the faintest bit drop onto the top of his hand.
His student sprang to her feet.  “What are you doing?”
Gaston smiled, holding out his hand.  The red liquid remained on his hand but ceased to impress.  It didn’t bubble, fizzle, or burn.
“Now that you’re up,” the sage began, “perhaps you wouldn’t mind passing me Thoro’s knife?”
Adelia did as requested, taking the vial from her teacher’s hand and giving him the assassin’s weapon instead.
Gently, the sage dragged the broad side of the knife across his hand.  As he went, the drop of crimson disappeared, absorbed by the blade.  He lifted it up then, narrowing his eyes at the sight.  As Adelia inched around, he turned the knife so she could see it better.  A deep, dark blemish was upon the metal.  He brought up his free hand and pressed on the blade.  Neither of the magi was surprised to see the tip of the knife crumble and fall to the floor.
“That was just one drop,” Gaston said.  “Imagine what you could do with the entire vial?”
“Who would want to do that?” she asked again.
Gaston set the knife down on his pupil’s desk and absentmindedly brushed one hand over the other.  A slight grin curled his lips upward.  “I know I offered you that tea quite a while ago,” he said.  “How would you feel about postponing it just a bit longer?”

Chapter Six: Divination

With the tea finally within her hands, Adelia watched as Gaston gathered various components and reagents from the closet in his quarters.  She sat upon his bed and hadn’t realized Merlin had stealthily squirmed into the room, taking up position beside her.  Without thinking about it, she scratched behind his ears with her free hand.
“Now, while the old-fashioned way of inquiring about the location of Gypsy Hollow may be just out of our reach, there are still some alternatives,” the sage offered, taking a deep breath afterward.  He set a table in the center of the room with many arcane symbols etched into its surface, almost looking as though they had been charred into existence.
“There is an art of magic called divination, where the practitioner of the arcane arts can warp the plane of magic to aid their sight.  There are a variety of ways that people see as well.  Some see through time, understanding events of the past more clearly or observing a future that may come to pass.  Some see across our plane of existence, as if looking through a window.
“As many ways as there are to see, there are scores more ways to imbue our sight,” he continued.  “Geomancers are known to scatter dust or dirt or sand to the wind.  I’m sure you’ve heard of tarot cards, and I regret that you’ve likely heard of animal sacrifice.”
At the sound of the horrific practice, Merlin meowed and hopped from the bed, slinking away from the room.
“As soon as man emerged from beneath the earth, we used the stars to guide our hands and our hearts.  The month of our birth has always been assumed to hold deep secrets to our inner psyche.
“Scrying with crystal balls and mirrors; using dowsing rods to find enchanted springs or precious metals; melting wax into archaic shapes… These are all supposed to tell us something.  Why, some even subscribe to the thought that a fit of wine can bring on strange precognitions.  Just an excuse to get drunk, I say.  Don’t even begin to bring up the idea of turning to a random page for some grand higher meaning.  Laziest form of magic I’ve ever heard.”
“Master Camlann,” Adelia quietly interjected.
“Just Gaston will do,” the sage said.  “When I first came to Forsynthia, all those years ago, the wildflowers you see were already in their place.  That was when I met Henrietta.  She wasn’t a practitioner of magic or anything close to the like, but she could divine better than most I knew.  She could… hear the plants, from what she said.  If a new plant sprouted and it wasn’t where it was supposed to be, she could predict the events of the next month without fail.  Now, one time in particular –”
The wizard abruptly stopped talking and focused on the young lady.  A wave of realization washed over him, and he stood straight.  “Oh.  Right, of course.”  He cleared his throat and set the table more firmly in the center of the room.  “To make a very long story short, not everyone can rely on the same means of divination.
“For myself, I turn to an art called cleromancy,” he went on.  “By casting certain items into a place of power, I am afforded insight into my questions.  You already know my passion for inscription.  I’ve dictated my life’s story into scores of tomes at great expense to my hands.”
He laughed then, cracking his knuckles slightly as he contemplated that.  “I must admit, despite all of my experience in the subject, I’m not very skilled in using the arcane arts for any significant information.  Even then, I’ve never been hesitant to try.”
At the back of the table, a small wooden wall had been constructed.  A miniscule door had been fashioned there, a round handle just barely discernable.  Gaston pulled that tiny cabinet open, collecting a leather pouch within before closing the door once more.
Adelia sipped at her lavender tea, but it had not begun to lull her toward sleep.  Rather, she looked on with keener eyes, intrigue plainly etched upon her face.  She watched as her mentor emptied the contents of the pouch onto the table.  A collection of small, wooden cubes rattled out into existence.  When they stopped rolling, the young lady was able to see the dark runes etched into each side.
“Now then,” Gaston eagerly began, “why don’t we see what we can discern here?”  He gathered up the wooden dice in his hands and cast them against the back wall of the table.
They were thrust forth without refrain.  Adelia expected at least a few to come rolling off the other side of the table, but as the cubes tumbled over the etched glyphs on the table, they became firmly rooted in place.  Beneath them, the grooves began to glow in an otherworldly bluish green.
Gaston gathered the dice that had not rolled over the outer ring of glyphs.  Without further explanation, he cast out the dice again, listening to them rattle as they reached the wall and doubled back.  Once more, those that traveled far were frozen upon the etched glyphs.
The sage repeated the gesture a third time.  By then, Adelia’s brow furled, and she had to struggle to stifle a yawn.  She was startled when her mentor abruptly clapped his hands together.
“Let’s see what we’ve got now,” Gaston said, gathering up those cubes that had not become associated with the markings on the table.  He placed those back in the leather pouch, which he set on the center of the table.
Swirling his arms, Gaston caused the sleeves of his robes to sway back and forth.  His focus, and that of his pupil, remained on the glyphs, which pulsed an eerie color.  Faster and faster they flashed, until the ring of the table seemed to glow all at once.
The sage abruptly lifted one arm, asserting a path for the magical dweomer.  The lights leapt off of the wooden furniture and took to the air, retaining their shape.  That strange aura maintained as well, even as the glyphs formed a perfect line.  Closing his eyes, Gaston contorted his outstretched fingers into a fist.  The glyphs seemed to compact as well, until he abruptly opened both his eyes and his hand.  At once, the light expanded again, and the glyphs formed letters of the common language.
“Confound it all!” the sage harrumphed.
It was not difficult to surmise what he took objection with.  Adelia quietly snickered when she saw the words his magic had displayed.
“Gypsy Hollow,” Gaston read aloud.  “I know that already!”  He grumbled again and turned to his pupil, who failed to completely conceal her smile.  The sage’s eyes narrowed and his jaws clenched shut.  That sneer only lasted a moment, though.  His features softened, and he crossed his arms over his chest.  “You think that’s funny, eh?”
Adelia stared for but a moment and then nodded impishly.
Gaston sighed and shook his head.  “It is a bit, isn’t it?  Bah.  Let it be known, I did warn you.  Divination has never been a strength of mine.”
“You don’t have to say anything to me,” Adelia assured.  “The arcane arts in general are not yet a friend of mine.”
“Ah, but they will be,” he said.  As he spoke, the brightened letters in the air dissipated, falling apart like sand blown in the wind.  Each individual grain faded from existence at a random point in its journey.  “With practice, you could be a great sorceress, I’m sure.  Nothing will save my skills in this,” he said, waving his hands about the table.
“We should get some sleep and come back to this tomorrow with fresh eyes.  Perhaps someone in town knows the place we’re looking for.”
“Yes, of course,” Adelia agreed.  “Thank you.”
The young lady began making her way toward the door to the hall.
“Adelia,” the sage said, gathering her attention.  “I know it has been a spectacular day.  They won’t all be like this, I assure you.  But… you’ve handled it well.”  A smile plainly sat upon his bearded face.  “I’m happy you’ve come to Hawthorne Keep.”
She said nothing but nodded exuberantly.  Excusing herself, she slipped out into the hallway.  A cool draft seemed to press through the keep, a ghastly reminder of the time of night.  Torchlight led her to her room, but even those flames seemed barely able to stave off the darkness.
She hurriedly made her way to the quarters she had been given.  The door was left slightly ajar, allowing a meager amount of light to carry inside.  Adelia was nearly ready to shut the door when she saw a pair of glimmering orbs staring at her from the bed.
“Hello, Merlin,” she whispered.
The small black cat responded with a minute meow, though the young lady was unable to see his expression.  She stepped forward, leaning out of the room and grasping a torch.  In mere moments, she used it to light the lone candle she kept on a nightstand beside her bed.
Adelia yawned, stepping out into the hall once more to replace the torch within its sconce.  When she returned to her room, she noticed Merlin just finishing up a yawn of his own.  The young lady couldn’t keep herself from laughing then, the sound carrying gently through the keep.
A sigh passed her lips, and she sat down on the bed beside the feline.  He looked up at her, prompting her to rest her hand upon his neck, scratching behind his ears.  Adelia looked up then, noticing the teakettle waiting on the nightstand.  It was surely cold then, but she reached for it anyway.  When she poured the beverage, the scent of lavender wafted more plentifully in the room.
She could feel the grasp of slumber.  It reached for her mind, but she was able to press it down, until she could only feel its weight upon her shoulders.  The teacup was brought to her lips, and she clicked her tongue when she confirmed her earlier assumption.
The young lady replaced the teakettle on the nightstand but kept hold of her cup.  She watched as the contents swirled around just beneath the black edged rim of the porcelain.
Another sigh exited her lips, that one of resignation.  She looked down at her furry companion.  “What do you say, Merlin?  Time to turn in for the night?”
She took another small sip of her tea and leaned forward again, placing the teacup next to the kettle.  It bumped into the candlestick, causing it to wobble slightly.  The young lady’s eyes went wide and she stopped breathing momentarily.  As it rattled back into place, another sigh of relief passed through her lips.  She nearly melted into the bed at that point.
Adelia sat up straighter then, her head turned inquisitively.  She rose from the bed, Merlin meowing a miniscule protest.  Reaching the door, the young lady stepped outside, peering down both ends of the hall.  When she was content no one was nearby, she slipped back into the room and shut the door.
She turned back toward the candle and anxiously approached it, reaching her hand out to the holder.  The teacup was in her other hand as she carefully sat upon the floor.  The cat upon her bed looked down at her, his yellow eyes wide and curious.
“This is probably a foolish idea, Merlin,” she said.  “But maybe it’s far worse not to try at all.”
Breathing out sharply, Adelia lifted the candle and turned it on its side.  The tallow dripped down, splashing into the teacup.  It solidified as it cooled, morphing into a more permanent state.  The young lady peered at it with interest, trying to deduce what it meant.
After several minutes of patient reflection, the would-be mage shrugged and allowed another drop of wax to fall into the tea.  As it rose back to the top, she thought she saw an image in the shape.  She leaned forward, bracing herself on the floor.  Merlin, too, leaned forward, peering down from a little higher.
At his vantage, the cat was able to see the look of disappointment on the girl’s face.  He sat back and bowed his head, as if in sympathy.
Adelia lazily continued the failing experiment.  As that drop of wax landed within the tea, though, it splashed the liquid out of the cup.  She could hear the flame protest as the tea struck it.
She moved her hand toward the candle to protect the flame.  That fire did not need to be kindled and let her know as much.  Gasping, the young lady drew her arm back.  She cradled her hand as if she had broken it, though the flame had left no lasting mark.
Merlin hopped down to observe, but she paid him no heed.  She was lost within the fire, her eyes drawn to it as surely as if she were a moth.  The fire consumed her and the keep, searing the stone around her.  It melted like wax, until nothing was left around her but open air.  The fire that lingered took to the sky, rolling into a giant orb.
It was daylight, and the sun pressed down fiercely upon the fields.  Adelia had been there before.  She recalled the small hills, the unmarred skies.  When she turned, she was sure she had seen those woods before.  Folly’s Glen was in front of her, as real as she could imagine.
She felt the slight touch on her hand and turned to observe it.  A dandelion was beside her, yet its seed head was jet black, surrounding a yellow eye.  She bent low, blowing on the weed, scattering the achenes away.
The young lady could sense the otherworldly presence.  She was not walking of her own choice, yet she could not seem to stop.  As she proceeded into the magical forest, she realized she didn’t really care for anything else.
The cool, magic-filled air lightly brushed against her skin.  On that breeze, the aroma of the various floras wafted, just tickling her nose.  In the distance, she could see the dancing pillars of light and, shortly after, the roaring plume of fire.  The sight of that fire was peculiar, almost like she was looking at paper.  Everything else seemed so vibrant, so real.
Her legs kept moving her forward.  As she moved on to the southwest, she realized she was not building off of her memories.  She had never traveled that far, and what she saw was breathtaking.
Before her, a large, fuzzy caterpillar crossed from one thicket to another.  It was wider than her shoes and rose above her ankle.  Still, it seemed not to care as she stepped over it, observing the spectacle before her.  The caterpillar was not alone in its grand presence.
She was in a land of giants.
Across the clearing, a hare struck its head with its foot.  Though Adelia was far from the lagomorph, she could see that its foot was likely as big as her forearm.  That would make for quite the lucky trinket, she thought.
As she proceeded through the forest, Adelia learned that though the fauna had indeed grown, they were still uneasy around humans.  The hare noticed her and immediately gave flight, scattering from its comfortable spot.
Just as well, the young lady thought.  For there, just several dozen feet away from her, a massive cave sat like the maw of some large beast – the only creature capable of devouring the larger nearby critters in a single bite.  Red runic marks had been made above the mouth of the cave, and as Adelia closed the distance, her vision began to flutter.  The runes shifted, until they formed letters of the common alphabet.  She knew she had arrived at the area she sought out.
“Gypsy Hollow,” she whispered.
Another breeze passed her ear, and a faint sound was carried upon it.  Like a bow dragged across a violin, it lingered like a song.  Adelia waved off the notion and continued into the cave.
The taste of some recently cooked creature entered her mouth before she could identify the fire.  A powerful plume of smoke rose from it, obscuring the deeper reaches of the cave.  The wood was nearly entirely consumed by the flames, yet the blaze burned brightly.
Adelia looked into the fire, seeing the shapes and faces within.
A scream echoed in her ear, and she turned back to the mouth of the cave.  She was no longer within Gypsy Hollow, surrounded instead by fields of green.  She could feel the solid weight behind her and turned, seeing the old gnarled tree.  It was so familiar, but she knew it to be hundreds of miles away.
The young lady couldn’t remain focused on that for long, for just beyond the tree, she could see the nightmare that had plagued every hopeless evening for the prior year.
Her home was burning.
A feminine scream cried out again and again, the howls piercing Adelia’s very soul.  She found herself running toward the immolated house and didn’t bother to stop as the thatched roof caved in.
Those shrieks kept coming, a banshee’s wails that Adelia would never forget.  But when a man’s desperate shouts entered the cacophonous, horrible symphony, the girl could bear no more.  Her legs buckled, and she sputtered to the ground.
The young lady was just before the house, though, the flames stealing away the moisture from her skin.  She breathed out, trying to steady herself.
Adelia found she could not, for a charred arm reached anxiously through a dilapidated window.  The girl could not keep from weeping as she reached for her mother’s hand.
An immense pain surged through her skin as she neared the flames and the burning flesh.  She looked up inquisitively and watched as her mother and her home pulled away from her.  The pain would not relent, however.
A blinding flash of light was followed by sudden darkness.  The only thing Adelia could see was a pair of concerned yellow eyes.  As her vision began to adjust, she realized the divination had ended.  She was once again in her room in Hawthorne Keep.  The candle had burned out, leaving only a faint aroma in its absence.
The young lady rose to her feet and opened the door to the hall, letting the torchlight spill into her room.  It was then that she noticed the blood on her hand between her thumb and index finger.
She narrowed her eyes as she focused on Merlin.  As she sank to her knees, though, her features softened.  The cat eagerly approached her when she reached out her hand.
“Thank you for bringing me back, Merlin,” she said.  “I have much to tell Master Camlann.”

Chapter Seven: Examination

A cool breeze whipped by Adelia’s face, carrying the scents of Folly’s Glen past her.  Her eyes were closed, as if she was trying to summon some arcane power to her bidding.  In truth, in that comfortable spot just east of the forest, she was only barely fighting off signs of fatigue.  Neither she nor Gaston had slept much that night, knowing the journey required.
“Are we going to go in there, or are you just going to sit here and daydream?”
The young lady’s eyes fluttered open, and she passed a glance at her companion.  Trevor was hunched low against the ground, as she was.  In that close proximity, she could see his features more clearly than the day before.  There was not a proud, arrogant boy sitting before her.  The dark-haired, fair-skinned lad was visibly shaken, worried for many reasons.
In the morning, Gaston had informed Adelia of the company she would keep.  Because the interrogators would be coming to Hawthorne Keep, the sage would have to stay behind.  He chose Trevor to go in his place because he wanted to spare the boy from the line of questions – questions that would have insisted he almost brought death to his father.
The journey to Folly’s Glen had not been easy on him either.  He remained silent for most of the trek, and whenever he did speak, it was usually a snide remark or a curt reply.  Adelia learned quickly that she’d rather keep her mouth shut than receive any unnecessary abuse.
They were not alone.  One more companion had joined them, walking up between them and turning toward Adelia.  Merlin lifted his haunches, his tail whipping across Trevor’s face.  The archer sneered and looked away from the cat’s rump.
“So?” he repeated, facing away from Adelia.  “Are we heading in there or not?”
“Of course,” she said, finally rising to her feet.  “I should warn you, though.  There are some very… ponderous things in there.  If you don’t go in there with an open mind, your head might explode.”
Trevor sat upon his knees, furling his brow in incredulity.
“Come on Merlin,” Adelia said, paying her other companion no heed.  The feline meowed in reply and pranced ahead.  “No.  We needn’t worry about the dragon,” she continued.
The archer shook his head as he stood and slowly followed in the young lady’s footsteps.  When he crossed the threshold into the forest, his forward momentum immediately stopped.
“It’s incredible, isn’t it?” Adelia said, looking back at him with a smile on her face.
She didn’t afford him much time to dawdle.  Her path was set out before her, exactly as she recalled from the prior night.  Gone were the caterpillar and the hare, however.  Instead, as Adelia proceeded into her land of giants, she was surprised to see an enormous owl in one of the lower, sturdier branches of a nearby tree.
How easily that owl could snatch up Merlin, she thought.  Always defiant of the dangers around him, the cat bravely pressed forth.
They arrived outside of the cave shortly after that.  Trevor had his bow in hand, an arrow at the ready should they need it.  Adelia hesitated, though.  Above the cave, there was no writing, name or otherwise.  There wasn’t even a red smear where the words would have been.
“Is this the place?” Trevor asked.
“It is,” she said.  “But something is different.”
The archer nocked the arrow to the bow.  “Is that a bad thing?”
“I’m not sure,” Adelia admitted.  She didn’t wait to collect her thoughts or ruminate on the minute changes.  She simply plunged into the darkness.
No fire burned, leaving shadows upon every wall.  Their eyes adjusted slowly, but the depths proved to be too strong for them.
“You didn’t happen to bring a torch, did you?” Trevor asked.
“No,” she replied.  “But I didn’t come unprepared.”
She stepped back into the meager light that shone within the cave.  Falling to her knees, she removed the satchel from her shoulder, placing it on the ground.  Reaching inside, she removed a tome, and then another, and another, until they were stacked nearly higher than she.  Trevor’s brow furled as he considered the queer sight.
Finally, Adelia gathered a pile of crinkly old papers beside an old, gnarled cudgel.  She sorted through them before she found the one she was searching for.  A smile forced its way to her face as she stood.
“Could you put those back in there for me?”
Too confused to argue, Trevor took her place on the ground.  When he opened the satchel, he was surprised to see its depth.  It was like opening the way to a giant pit, yet all of the supplies Adelia had prepared were right there.
The young lady began muttering quietly.  The letters on the page shifted and turned until she was able to read it.  The formless muttering became more tangible, words that sounded like the common language exiting her lips.
Suddenly, the cudgel on the floor in front of her began glowing with a blinding white light.  Both humans averted their eyes, though the spell did gradually begin to dim.
Trevor finished replacing the tomes and pages in the extra-dimensional satchel.  He was eager to rise and see how deep Gypsy Hollow went.  Both were surprised to see the cavern twist out of sight before they could witness its end.
A grin crept to Adelia’s face, for just before that turn, she could see the fire pit, long since burned out.  She led the way, though Trevor was not eager to follow.  As the light trailed away from him, he realized he had no choice.
Adelia came to a halt at the campfire, scrutinizing it intently.
“Why have we stopped?” her companion asked.
She bent down, looking carefully at a pair of logs that rested on the dirt outside the fire.  “I was just waiting for you.  But look at this.”
“Yes, those are logs,” Trevor said.  “I’ve seen plenty of them; they come from trees.”
The young lady shook her head and clicked her tongue.  “That’s not what I meant.  Look at them.  There’s one on either side.”  She stood, a twinkle in her eye.  “I don’t think Thoro was alone here.”
Grasping his bow ever tighter, Trevor breathed out a quiet sigh.  “Do you think he’s here now?” he whispered.
Adelia looked deeper into the cave.  “I don’t think so.  He’d have heard our approach and taken us off-guard.  Come on.  We came here for answers, not more mysteries.”
They proceeded deeper into Gypsy Hollow, Merlin’s yellow eyes shining back at them every so often.  The cat proudly paced at the end of the cave, where a wide clearing had been made.  A table sat nearby one wall, that portion of the earth raised just slightly to overlook the rest of the area.  The black feline alerted his human companions to the large mahogany chest that sat behind him.
“There we go,” Trevor said.
He rushed to the box, intent on finding any evidence readily available.  Adelia was not so anxious to see that.  Her attention was drawn toward the table and the strange device upon it.  She walked up the ridge, coming to a rest just at the table’s side.
The chest opened with a hearty crack.  Most of its contents had been removed, but some weaponry and a cloak still remained.  Trevor set each aside, looking to see if there were any hidden treasures within obscured by the equipment.  Merlin stood on his hind legs, peeking inside as well.
Adelia’s hand hovered just above the odd device.  A perfectly round pan lay on the table, covered with sand.  A long metal rod was fixed to its side so that it sat taller than the pan’s diameter.  At the top of that rod, an arm was fashioned, which dangled a length of string.  That string was tied around a beautiful crystal, the end sharpened like an arrowhead.  Symbols had been drawn into the sand, looking like an archaic message of sorts.
Trevor growled then.  “There’s nothing here.  Just a few swords and a worthless cloak.  We came here for nothing.”
“Put what you found in the satchel, and then bring it to me,” the young lady said.
He obliged but couldn’t suppress a scowl.  “And are you faring any better up there?”
“Maybe,” she said.  “Whoever we’re dealing with, I don’t think they knew who they were after.  Thoro didn’t know the difference between your father and Edric.  They may have only been given names.
“Their numbers might be greater than I thought as well,” Adelia continued.  “That chest is much too big for two people to carry alone, especially if it was filled to the brim with weapons.”
“If there are more, then we risk much by being here,” Trevor said, setting the satchel down on the table.  Though it wasn’t heavy, due to its magical properties, the way he dropped it caused the furniture to wobble.
“Careful,” Adelia scolded.
“What, you’re worried I’ll mess up their sand?” he sneered.
“As a matter of fact, yes.  The patterns on this might be important.  I can’t read them, but there’s a good chance Gaston can or he knows someone who will be able to help us.”
She opened up the satchel, looking for items inside.
“You really think some drawings in the sand are going to help us at all?”
“Looking into a flame was what brought us here,” she insisted.  The young lady produced a large tome with many blank pages within.  She also acquired a quill and some ink, setting them all down before her.  “Now don’t distract me.  I want to try and copy this as accurately as possible.”
“Just as well,” Trevor said.  “I haven’t seen that silly little cat of yours in a while.  I don’t want your wizard friend to turn me into a toad.”
As he went off in search of Merlin, Adelia began carefully sketching the appearance of the sand.  She tried to capture the sense of height in some places, but when she was finished, the page simply looked like it was covered in scribbles.
“This will have to do,” she said.
She heard the wind whipping past the entrance to the cave and nodded at her previous sentiment.  After filling the satchel once more, she turned to follow after Trevor and find Merlin.
Adelia continued out of the cave.  The archer waited just outside.
“He doesn’t seem to like me much,” Trevor offered.  “He’s right over there.  I didn’t want to spook him.”
The man pointed south and led Adelia’s gaze to the small black cat that sat comfortably within the clearing.  She smiled and began her approach.
She heard the wind again.
No, not the wind, she realized.  It was like the buffeting of wings.  Adelia swallowed hard as she expected a giant owl to swoop in on the lone feline.
Both humans nearly leapt from their bodies when the huge black dragon crashed through the forest canopy.  Merlin’s limbs stiffened, and his hairs stood up on end.  The scaled tyrant landed just several feet from the cat.
A loud roar emerged from that beast, its monstrous maw coming fully into view.  Adelia could feel all the oxygen fleeing from her lungs.  She was reminded of Gaston’s description of the creature and its awful temperament.
“I knew when I last met you, I should have killed you,” the dragon spoke.
Despite that shock, the young mage merely locked her jaw, trying to fight the sudden moisture in her eyes.  To her side, Trevor fell forward, spilling onto the ground.
A snarl separated the black dragon’s scaled lips once more.  Merlin began to slink away, but the monster was not caught unaware.  It stepped forward, dipping low, bringing that horrid mouth full of daggers down toward the cat.
A bolt of pure energy struck the beast then, sending those jaws chattering shut.  The dragon whipped its head back and forth, trying to rid itself of the shock.  As the pain subsided, the tyrant’s vision settled upon the caster.  Adelia stood with her arm outstretched, in awe of the lack of damage her spell had produced.
With another roar, the dragon charged forward.
The young lady wasted little time, turning fast and running east.  Though the brush was thick, Adelia did little to complain.  Brambles and thorns scratched her skin and tore her clothes, but she knew the alternative.  She kept running, pressing past the powerful grip of the forest.
She nearly fainted when she saw the giant green eye just in front of her, on the outset of the brush.  The dragon quickly whipped its head around, breathing in deeply.  The young lady threw herself to the side, flattening a bush beneath her.  The sound of a gusting wind resounded behind her.
As she turned, she realized the truth of that noise.  An emerald substance sizzled against the brush, disintegrating it as it fell.
The dragon stuffed his muzzle into the brush, trying to find its prey.  It scoured too long, though.  The acid spit that lingered higher up struck the scales around the monster’s maw.  It pulled away, grunting in pain.
Adelia crawled desperately out of the thicket.  She rose to her feet immediately and began sprinting.  Every few moments, she looked over her shoulder, her focus on the massive creature that still searched for her in the brush.  It sat up then, breathing in the scent of terror.  The young mage watched as its neck whipped around.
She had been noticed.
The dragon’s ferocious stomps echoed throughout the forest, nearing her with every breath.  Adelia dared not turn around again, fearful of what she might see.
Neither could she run, however.  She sputtered to a stop, just before the swamp.  She could hear the quiet gasps between the tempo of the dragon’s percussion.  Her breaths had ceased to work.  Briefly, she brought her foot over the vile green liquid.  Unable to bring herself forward, she ventured another glance.
With its mouth agape, the tyrant charged forth.  It snapped out at the girl, but she was no longer there.
Adelia had found the strength to continue.  She leapt away from the dragon’s powerfully snapping jaws and resumed her sprint.  As she proceeded around the perimeter of the swamp, she heard a roar in protest.  Two of the dragon’s legs were caught by the firm grip of the bog.
She hesitated, watching the tyrant struggle.  It was not left to labor long, though.  With its free limbs, the dragon lifted its body out of the swamp.
The young lady resumed her hasty flight.  She could hear the beating of heavy wings and knew she was not alone in that distinction.  She sped toward the east, where she had first entered Folly’s Glen the day before.  The melodiously dancing lumibugs could be seen, continuing their endless choreography.  Adelia lowered her head and raced in that direction.
Just behind her, the black dragon was quick to follow.  The mage could feel the monster’s immense weight shake the ground and could hear its rapid approach.  There was no apprehension in her when she entered the lumibugs’ mating area.  She could hear the telltale click and saw the multicolored insects spin into place.  Adelia pivoted on her heel, following them in their dance.
The dragon cared not for the queer display.  It charged forth, hungering for what had so eluded him.
A pillar of fire rushed forth from the ground.  The tyrant drew back, for that noise sounded so much like the sudden breath of other dragons.  It couldn’t avoid that instantaneous blaze, however.  Flames licked at the scales on its chest, inducing a loud roar of painful protest.
The monster stepped back, seething as wisps of smoke rose from its scales.  It could not locate its prey then.  The girl had mysteriously vanished.
Adelia tried to steady herself, but her breaths shook her too fiercely.  Every few moments, she pressed her hand against the tree that shielded her from the dragon’s view, verifying its steady trunk was still there.  She felt the firm grip upon her shoulder then and let fly a loud scream.  A hand muzzled that protest, and she saw a black object fall to the ground.
Trevor was before her, subtly nodding his head.  “It’s time to leave,” he insisted.
The young lady ventured a glance to the ground, noticing the panicked feline.  She swallowed hard as she noticed the fear in her companion’s eyes as well.  Adelia began shaking her head.
“What do you mean, no?” he whispered.
“If we take to the plains, we’re in plain sight.  We’ll never make it back to Forsynthia.”
“Then what would you have us do?” Trevor asked.  “Slay a dragon?”
She took one last breath, steadying herself.  “I have an idea.”

His nostrils flared with every step he took out of the thicket.  The dragon’s odor was offensive, the smell of its acid bile thick in its mouth.  Scouring the glen, the mighty black tyrant snorted and snarled and flapped its wings as if ready to take to the air.
Trevor stepped forward, narrowing his eye.  He took aim, saying a silent prayer.
Then he let his arrow fly.
The missile shrieked forth, snapping into place beneath the dragon’s right wing.  At once, the monster stopped its search, its neck whipping around to see what would dare to attack him.  It watched as the human ran around the perimeter of the glen, nearly against the mountainside.
Gasping for air, the man’s skin became flushed.  Sweat marred his brow and he could feel his head going dark.
The dragon collided into the rock wall behind him, an angry growl parting his scaly lips.  Trevor tossed his bow into the air, the weapon bouncing against the black tyrant’s face.  If the creature was affected at all, it didn’t show it.
Even though he ran as fast as he could, the man could feel the hot breaths of his predator upon his neck.  His heart fluttered then at the sight of reprieve.  For there, standing at the ready, was Adelia.
Snapping forward, the dragon tried to swallow the human.  With adrenaline pumping furiously through his veins, Trevor outpaced his pursuer.
A stark bolt of lightning zapped into the dragon’s side and then into its face.  The sudden jolt sent it teetering into the mountainside.  That pain did not linger, however.  It turned to see its aggressor, noticing the petite blonde just to the southwest.
Adelia stood within a field of mist.  It rose up from the ground, obscuring the terrain.  The dragon cared not.  Snarling, it charged forth.  Its growl was so loud it did not hear the cacophonous crack of the ice beneath its feet.
It surely felt the ice give way.
A roar of surprise affronted the mage then.  The dragon, in all its rage, had fallen for her trap and fallen into the swamp.  Firmly rooted, the tyrant could not resume its pursuit.  It snarled in protest.  As its prey confidently turned her back on it, that snarl grew even fiercer.  All at once, it stopped.  A loud gasp was heard instead.
“Adelia!” Trevor warned.
She was already in motion.  The young mage turned, heaving a small glass vial toward the dragon as a gob of acid spit launched forth, aimed at the proud human.  The glass shattered as an explosion consumed the vial.  As the detonation blasted outward, the acid was thrust back, landing upon the dragon’s face and coating its lower jaw.
Trapped in the swamp as it was, the tyrant could do little to rid itself of the caustic substance.  An angry roar gave way to a desperate howl.  The beast whipped its head back and forth, but the acid sizzled upon its face until it had consumed its beautiful ebon scales.
Finally, the pain subsided.  As the furious crimson faded from the dragon’s vision, he was left with the truth of the situation.  His prey had disappeared.
One last roar echoed throughout the glen.
“I will scour the world until I find you!” the tyrant promised.  “One day, you will rot between my teeth!”
The swamp bubbled and belched, alerting the beast that his promise was hollow indeed.

They still sprinted forth, for that fearsome creature’s threat seemed as close as the gentle breeze.  Folly’s Glen was far behind them, though, and Adelia’s pace slowed considerably.
“What are you doing?” Trevor asked.
A subtle grin crept to the girl’s face.  “Today was the first day of my life where I did everything right.”  She looked to the sky, noticing the attractive cobalt tincture, and that grin evolved into a smile.
She was surprised to hear his meager sigh, then.
“I’ve got to admit,” he said.  “You were pretty incredible.  You didn’t seem scared for a moment.”
“I was terrified,” she insisted.  “But when I saw clearly – when I really opened my eyes – I could see everything I needed to do.”
“Well, maybe you can see to us getting home soon,” Trevor said.  “I don’t trust that the dragon will be stuck for long.
Adelia swung her satchel forward, opening the flap.  “Something makes me think we’re going to be all right.”  She reached inside, her entire arm disappearing within.  “What do you think, Merlin?” As she asked the question, she pulled the feline out by the scruff of his neck, eliciting a halfhearted meow in reply.
The black cat landed upon the ground on his feet, immediately licking his paw as though too much of the world had been cast upon it.
She replaced the strap of the satchel on her shoulder and started forward again.
“Come on, boys,” she said.  “Let’s go home.”

Chapter Eight: Mageborn

A knock on the door gently made its way into the sage’s mind.  He placed the quill down beside the large tome and rose from his seat.  “Come in,” Gaston said.
Adelia stepped inside the room, a smile wide upon her face.
“Ah, I had heard of your return,” Gaston said.  When she arched her eyebrow, he stepped aside, drawing her attention to the bluebird sitting on the windowsill.  “When I say a little bird told me, you can be sure I’m serious.”
“So you have been keeping an eye on me,” she insisted.
“Young lady, I have quite a few spies, both furry and feathered,” the sage quipped.  “Homer watched over your journey, and thus, I know about your encounter.”
“With the dragon?”
“That’s right.  I know how you escaped the fearsome creature.  I know how you utilized the knowledge you’ve gained in these last few days to facilitate such an escape.”
“Ah, but I doubt your little bird ventured into the cave,” Adelia challenged.  “I’ll bet I still have a couple surprises for you.”  She swung the satchel around, placing it upon his desk.  “I don’t know how useful either of these could be, but I collected them both.”  She placed the dark cloak upon the desk and gently laid the page of scribbles down atop it.  “These are sketches of some kind of device.  Symbols were drawn into the sand.”
“These are wonderful,” the sage insisted.  “They’ll help immensely in Thoro’s investigation.  But I can’t say I’m surprised, exactly.”  Adelia turned her head and arched one of her eyebrows.  “I expected no less from you.  I didn’t have you brought to Forsynthia simply so I could teach you the ways of the wizard and send you off, back into the world.  Nor did I bring you here just to study your innate abilities.  Rather, it is a combination of the two that had me insistent upon summoning you here.
“You see,” he continued, “you are already well on your way to becoming a great sorceress.  You were born with the power of the mage flowing through your veins.  I need that power.  That mentality.  As you can tell, I’m no longer a spring peach.”  He sighed, looking out the window, as if his youth was out there somewhere.
“More like a fuzzy plum,” Adelia teased.
With narrowed eyes and a wrinkly grin, the sage turned to the young lady.  “That will be enough of the analogies,” he said, though his voice carried some merriment.  “I brought you here to be more than just a student of the arcane arts.  In my old age, I need someone who can take on my work and help me to establish my legacy.  I’d like you to be my apprentice, Adelia.”
As the words washed over the young lady, her eyes continued to sparkle brilliantly.  Her smile brightened, and she began to nod.  “I would be delighted to be your apprentice.  These past few days have been very enlightening, and I’m sure you have an excess of skills and trades to show me.”
“It does my old heart well to hear you say that,” the wizened wizard said.  “Now, if you’ll have a seat at your desk, I’ll show you –”
“I beg your pardon, Gaston,” she interrupted.
“Just Gaston will…” he began to say.  When her words finally resonated in his mind, he could not hide his upturned lips.
“I beg your pardon,” Adelia repeated.  “Though these past few days have been… entertaining in their own way, they’ve also been exhausting.  As my first order of business as your apprentice, I’ll be assisting you in giving me the rest of the day off.  Besides, I have a date.”
He stepped back, opening his eyes wide and allowing his lips to droop.  “A date?” 
Merlin pushed his way through the door, happily spinning around his master’s new apprentice.  He gleefully rubbed against the mage’s ankle.
“We’re going to chase butterflies at the wildflower fields,” Adelia insisted.
Gaston chortled, shaking his head.  “Go, child.  The gods know you deserve some respite.”
She bowed, the smile still etched upon her face.  As she began to take her leave, Merlin just beside her, Gaston took a single step forward.
“Adelia,” he called out.
She popped her head back in through the doorway.  “Hmm?”
The sage looked at her, as if ruminating on the most delicate of questions.  “A fuzzy plum, eh?”
Shrugging, she grinned mischievously.  “Better that than an old raisin.”  Giggling to herself, the young lady stepped back and carefully shut the door.
Gaston sighed and turned toward his desk.  He slowly sank into his chair, inching forward so that he was just in front of his tome once more.  He picked up the quill but set it down once more, looking toward the bluebird on the windowsill.
“Well, Homer,” he said.  “She’s picking things up much quicker than I expected.  Still, she’ll need looking after.  Whatever happened before Viscosa, she hasn’t forgotten yet.  She likely never will.
“But if I can continue to challenge her,” he continued.  “If I can push her to the boundaries of what she’s capable of, maybe I can prepare her to deal with that pain.”
“She’ll be fine,” the bluebird abruptly replied.  “After all, I’m sure you’ve still got plenty of surprises in store for the girl.”
Gaston smiled.  “Right you are, old friend.  And she’s likely got some for me as well.”  He sighed once more.  “Ah, to be young again.”

*	*	*	*	*

A few stray rays of sunlight snuck past the evening clouds from the west.  The bluebird was no longer present, for Gaston chose new company to share his time with.
“The way things are going, Thoro will probably be dead in a week’s time,” Edric said.  “There’s no sense keeping him alive if he can offer us nothing.  Besides, you know where the white knights stand on the subject of assassination.”
“Ultimately, it will be the magistrate’s decision,” Gaston offered.  “And he usually moves toward whatever side can make him more money.”
“You think he’ll hold Thoro as a ransom hostage?  But we don’t even know where he’s from.”
“Ah, but you see, that’s where you’re wrong,” Gaston challenged.  He reached toward his desk, procuring the black garment there.  Without warning, he tossed it to his friend.  “Tomorrow, you and I shall begin our own investigation.”
Edric unfolded the cloak, noticing the golden trim upon it, framing the similarly colored golden wing emblazoned upon its center.
“Thoro is from Ippius,” Edric said.
“And I suspect the same of his associates,” Gaston replied.  “The only question is why would they want to cripple the white knights?”
“We’ve made enemies over the years for certain,” Edric offered.  “But I don’t think we’ve ever crossed paths with anyone of any importance from Ippius.”
“Either way, I’m sure there will be more information to come in the weeks and months to follow.  I’ve sent word to many of my associates.  Even the unscrupulous ones.  There are still some pieces of the puzzle that don’t fit into place.”
“You’re lucky you found any of the pieces at all.”
Gaston flashed his friend a telling grin.  “You know I can’t take credit for this.”
“You’re right,” Edric said.  “You are.  I would have never guessed it, but she turned out to be well worth your attention.”
“I awarded her accordingly,” the sage admitted.  “I’ve made her my apprentice.”
Edric’s eyes opened wide, and his jaw dropped.  “You’ve never taken on an apprentice.”
“Alas, I can feel these old bones creaking more and more,” Gaston said, sighing.  “I fear my adventuring days may be long behind me.”
“And this girl is to be your legacy?”
The old wizard chortled at that notion.  “I have my books for that.”
“An understated fact,” Edric conceded.  “I hear they’re building a library in Atalatha that has a wing dedicated just to your works.”
“A sight to see, I’m sure,” Gaston said.  He sighed and looked out the window, watching the sky grow darker.  “No, Adelia would be a much greater benefit to this cold, dark place.  If she’s anything like her grandfather, she’ll be just fine.”
“If you have faith in her, so do I.”
The old sage nodded enthusiastically.  “Someday, Adelia Kreegan is going to change the world.”



Afterword

I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you, the reader, for taking this journey with me.  Tellest is a magnificent world, but it wouldn’t be so without you.  As you can likely guess, this isn’t the end of the story.

To find more information about the world of Tellest, please visit www.tellest.com for sneak peeks, our newsletter and supplementary information.


###

