
BOOK OF GATES

A HOUSE OF NEW GODS NOVEL

BY
S.A. GEARY

BOOK OF GATES

HOUSE OF NEW GODS BOOK FOUR
BY
S.A. GEARY
http:/www.sageary.com
Text Copyright © 2015 by S.A. Geary
Cover Art (Model Image) © 2015 by S.A. Geary
Cover Photo Tower Bridge © Gunter Hofer | Dreamstime Stock Photos

Author Note:
Tower Bridge image has been altered by author for use with cover. This
enhancement was not made to disavow the original work in any way.

Smashwords Edition
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious.
Any similarity to real persons, living or deceased, is coincidental
and not intended by the author. All rights are reserved
and no part of this book may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted
in any form without the author’s explicit consent.

Smashwords License Notes:
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book
may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to
share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy
for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it,
please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you
for respecting the author’s hard work and artistic integrity.


Other titles in this series

House of New Gods
Ascension
Dominion


For James & Thomas


A special note to you the readers:
I want to personally thank each and every one of you.
The expression, it takes a village, comes to mind.
Without your enthusiasm, humbling emails,
and your unfailing patience in waiting
for this book, we might never have made it here.
From the very depths of me, I appreciate you.
~SA


Table of Contents
Prologue
1. God Will
2. In Dreams
3. Concerning the Queen
4. An Accord for Love
5. Ties That Bind
6. Candor
7. Life Inside
8. High Stakes
9. Word is Out
10. Diversion
11. Isis Departs
12. Breach
13. Connections
14. What Lies Beneath
15. Set & Herocles
16. Collateral
17. Show & Tell
18. Rogues
19. Lockdown
20. Tracking
21. Demon
22. Babysitters
23. Ambush
24. Gone
25. Marking
26. Bait
27. Opposition
28. Divine Messenger
29. Death Toll Rises
30. Anchille’s Guilt
31. A Tale for the King
32. Eyes Wide Open
33. Her Plan
34. Lost Then Found
35. Tension
36. Are We Broken?
37. The Burden We Bare
38. A Summons for the Queen
39. Fool Me Once
40. Opening the Way
41. Falling
42. Waking
43. Reveal
44. The Greatest Gift
45. Birth
46. Worth Fighting For
47. You, Me, and the Devil Makes Three
48. Redeemer
Epilogue
House of New Gods: An Index of Immortals
About the Author

“...the world has many times been turned to chaos...”
~Dante Alighieri

Prologue
In the beginning there was only darkness.
A single strand of consciousness moved through that darkness, in silence, but without fear. After insurmountable time the strand grew larger, its thoughts more vivid, its intention everlasting. This brought color. Streams of icy blue, rays of deep violet, and swirls of milky white and silver, danced within an otherwise empty space. As cognizant thought expanded there began a pulse. Thus intention, bred action, and the universe took its first breath. Source moved with those colorful trails, her essence driving them in all directions, until she herself was center stage. There was no longer just the single strand but many, flowing inward and out, up and down, spiraling closer and closer to her.
It is said that when she spoke there were not formed words but ideas, and pictures of what was to come. She would create one, and that one would create many and so the world began. Life illumined further through the loneliness of the one she named, Atum. He was only to create humans which would cultivate the universe, a process he knew would take billions of years. Atum wasn’t satisfied with this, and so he created his own celestial progeny, usurping her wishes to quell his sadness. Source forgave him but warned that too many immortal beings would create imbalance, and that if the world should ever begin to suffer for it, she would invariably return. On that day, balance would be restored by whatever means she saw fit. Atum understood, knowing that his own objectives were pure, only, he couldn’t have foreseen the acts of one of his children.
That would be unfortunate, for everyone.

The world will fall to ruin.
~Herocles


1. God’s Will
4500 B.C.
Egypt
“The land is un-tamed, the people divided. The two of highest rule and authority, sanctioned by the gods, are dead.”
The prophet Iaode, quietly recanted dark days as he embarked the west bank. He would catalogue this particular one in their history with a profound measure of sorrow. Even if he had to scribble the words on the walls of the tombs as those barbarians had, he would make certain the empires of future Egypt, knew the truth. 
“Barbarians,” he laughed to himself. The river people who traversed these lands five thousand years prior, were far more civilized even in their primitive dwellings, then any of the madmen Iaode had the displeasure of meeting. He walked the path he knew by heart, keeping time with a whistling he could hear coming from the nearby tombs. He paused, peering up at the evening sky, already feeling the chilling bite of the desert wind. 
A cloaked figure maneuvered tactfully in the dark behind him, holding only a single nascent lantern. Eurelios, Iaode’s older and even less patient brother, glanced at the piece he’d harpooned from one of the villagers at dawn. He clicked his tongue at the unit, setting it to the ground with impatience. He’d have better light from his own fingertips. With a snap, the un-paved ground before him was illuminated. He grinned ruefully at the magic flame as it bounced gaily in the breeze. He reached Iaode and tapped.
“Why have you summoned me here, to this dead place?” The sand was unbearable way out here, far from the protective palace walls, and he didn’t want to be in the damned crypt anyway, so exposed. Sek-met and Wepwawet had only just retreated this cursed place, and Eurelios could yet feel their ancient power coursing. Iaode made his way in through a small opening which faced west. He signaled for Eurelios to follow.
Wading through downed stone and debris, Eurelios swatted cobwebs from his brow. He snapped his finger to put out the flame, then abrasively wiped his cloak and person. “What is so important Iaode? We shouldn’t be here.”
His fairer-haired brother only stared at the tombs which lay ahead of them. Then he clasped his smooth hands together and approached the sediment slabs. Eurelios followed, if only to keep in a defensive stance of his sibling. Soon raiders would converge on this spot and ravage the king and queen’s sarcophagi. He wondered what was keeping the guards. Surely it wouldn’t be long now, he thought, glancing around quickly just to be certain they were alone. From the right, Eurelios could see a small amount of joy on Iaode’s childlike face. He gazed harder. Yes, there it was, the evident spark of life, of resurgence, something so foreign to the disillusioned elders, so, unattainable in the bleakness of their times. It seemed absurd to him that Iaode could muster up any joy, and on this black day? He was confounded. 
“All the world weeps, yet you beam? A dead child inside Hekate’s womb, Agmenon’s body mutilated, and his soul, exiled to the Netherworld, and you, you are jubilant?” Eurelios ogled in astonishment.
“You should rejoice as well dear one.” Thousands of years into his immortality, and Iaode should have been hardened by it, only, he wasn’t. “You know as well as I, that our lives do not end with the ceasing of a heartbeat. What would Duat be for then? Man’s heart must be measured not for a black disappointment, but for his next journey. ”
“You say this as if all the subjects of court, all ancient Egyptians, should sing to the king and queen’s death. There will be no Duat for Hekate and Agmenon, Iaode! They are damned!”
“I tell you, as I told our dear brother Janas, and our father,” he argued, almost threatened by Eurelios’ negativity, “this is not the end for Hekate and Agmenon. This is only the beginning!”
Was he mad? “You speak in circles. This is the end.”
“No,” Iaode countered. “Already a new pharaoh will take seat at Agmenon’s table. I’ve seen it with my own eyes.”
“How do you come by this?”
“The Oracles.”
“I didn’t know you spoke with them still. Janas and I do not,” Eurelios closed his eyes, and inhaled slowly, “not since, Nekhen.” The Oracles could have stopped the king and queen’s demise, if only they’d spoken sooner. The prophets and those who supported Agmenon, would surely have fought to save them, or at least, warned them what was coming.
Iaode shivered, recalling fast Agmenon and Hekate’s last battle. They’d been victorious against raiders from the north, and this, Iaode glanced at the tombs, this was how the gods repaid their debt. He couldn’t think of that now. “Janas is young. He won’t be ready for prophecy for many moons. Yes, I receive them, that is, when they come.” Oracles were known to be fickle. It was a waste of time for any who sought their council to wait on them. “It isn’t often they make the journey from Emathia.”
Eurelios gave a snort. “Do they still believe Atum’s son will destroy the world?”
Iaode’s shoulders stiffened. He cast an eye to Eurelios. “Those visions we’ve been shown will come to pass my brother, whether you accept them or not.”
He reflected peaceably. “Who will take the crown?”
“Menaan.”
“Menaan? He’s just a man Iaode.”
“He is more demi-god than man.”
“He’s not so special, not so divine as Agmenon was, or, is,” Eurelios peered at the king’s resting place. His heart gave a pinch. He couldn’t help but feel the mighty man in the cold crypt. He was so much larger than life; a baritone with a thick copper beard, magnetic yellow eyes, and an absolutely enigmatic presence. The children all called him, nek-et shen, strong tree. It made sense, the man was enormous, and he was rooted. Even as his enemies brandished their weapons against him, Agmenon held firm. He flung his assailants to the ground while keeping a steady arm in front of his people. They felt safe in his rule. “Menaan cannot hope to measure against him.”
“You’re wrong. Menaan’s path is of vital importance. By his seed, all things will come full circle.”
“His seed? Speak plain,” Eurelios cut. “I’ve seen enough tragedy inflicted to last three lifetimes my friend. Now I only wish for the truth. Can he do as intended? Can he unify Egypt? Will he deliver the peace under his sovereignty that the people deserve?”
Iaode nodded that he understood. “Menaan will rule with as much strength, wisdom, and conviction as our late king. Egypt will be unified.”
“Why do you lilt? What are you not saying?”
“One thousand years will pass in the blink of an eye as our elders sleep. Isis will descend upon the earth at Sek-met’s call.”
“Isis?” Eurelios perked. “She will stay at Osiris’ side no longer?”
“She won’t wish to leave him, but she will know it is imperative to all that she submits. The Ennead struggle to reclaim the peace they once had. By her sacrifice, and the sacrifice of a few others, the guardianship of the OverGods will be as it once was. Isn’t that what we all want in the end?
“Yes, obviously.”
“She will take Menaan’s place to rule over the innocents, and she will restore the faith and worship of Hekate’s name here. War will ensue, but allies will come to her aid, in the form of beasts, the sons who are of Agmenon’s new line.”
“Wolves? You mean to say his, condition, will be a permanent one?”
“Wepwawet’s sons will grow in number, and they will unite with those who might have become their enemy. So you see brother, by this calamity,” he pointed to the king and queen’s tombs, “will come peace.”
“The Oracles have seen this future you speak of?” asked Eurelios, doubting. He lingered behind Iaode, finally removing his red cloak and draping it over a neighboring empty sarcophagus. He was careful not to get as close to the resting. His brother had faith, something Eurelios had lost in the wake of Agmenon’s and Hekate’s murder. His eyes could still see the massacre and his ears could hear the screams of agony. The tormented visage of their late queen, flinging herself at the gods’ mercy, begging them to spare her love. She’d offered to take his place in the black depths, even as he, Agmenon, forbid her. “They endured pain upon pain, their flesh raked from their bodies in order to become what they became! They served the gods till their fingers bled! For what?! To lie here, in un-sanctified death! No honor Iaode! No peace!”
“Yet, I tell you they are rejoicing. Can’t you hear them?”
Eurelios shook his head defiantly. “No, I cannot. I do not hear our dear Agmenon. He is in the outer realms Iaode. He is trapped.”
“No,” he argued, shaking his head.
“No?” Eurelios was mystified. “You heard Wepwawet. Agmenon has been sent to Necros, and only he knows what evil lies in wait to torment him!”
“Agmenon will take his consequence, and then he will return, I promise you. He will have the greatest reason of all,” said Iaode, pointing to Hekate’s crypt.
Eurelios reflected once more on his brother’s heartfelt decree. To fight against death, for love, yes, he believed his king could and would do that. If any were capable he was. “You may be right.”
“He won’t return only for Hekate, though she will be a strong motivator for him. He will return for the child.”
“She’s gone Iaode. You see yourself, she was not born.”
“Her soul merely sleeps.”
“I want to believe as you do my brother, but so much has happened, events that cannot be undone.”
“They aren’t meant to be,” Iaode told him calmly. “Everything in our world has pieced together as it should, war and destruction, amid friendship, kinship, love, and honor. These are the threads which bind us, and theirs’ are the lines that carry the secrets of these mysteries in their blood. By their blood we are reborn.”
“Yes, again and again.”
“Come, there is work to be done.” Iaode drove his fingers along the harsh edge of the heavy piece, intending to slide the lid. His brother seized hold of Iaode’s hand, and pulled one long index to his lips. He pointed to the area above their heads.
“They might hear you. We are not immune to their power, nor their laws.”
“They’ve retreated, besides, we are of an older order, bound to a much higher being,” held Iaode, his glittering eyes forcing their way into Eurelios’ soul. “What we do here now, secures the future of not only their race, but all races, human, immortal, and demi-god alike. It is what She wants my friend, rather, it is what she intended long ago.” Iaode released himself and motioned for the crypts, knowing it would take the two of them to expose the inner contents. Eurelios hesitated, still gawking from his brother to the king and queen’s resting place and then up to the earthen floor, where he was certain ears would be listening. He could handle a few rogue raiders, but the gods, not so much.
“Even if I believed what you’ve told me, that this child will one day bring us all salvation, we cannot hope to change her middle course. What is to be will be. We must allow nature to take the lead,” he pleaded, his voice terrible with fear.
Iaode turned to him, taking up his arms and enveloping his brother in them dearly. He pulled back, instantly bathed in his siblings own submissiveness to the will of the gods. They had long set themselves apart from their own makers that was true, and yes, they had inflicted fear into the hearts of man, but Iaode knew that change was upon them. He turned abruptly, shaking his head. “Atum did not create them or the humans just by chance Eurelios. He,” Iaode pointed to the sky, “knew exactly what would come to pass the moment his child uttered that damnable decree, and still he did nothing. He ignored Her and instead made a mockery of her greatest gift, by manipulating, and interfering. Do not be fooled, his ego was as great as his children’s, but Atum didn’t let it consume him as his posterity would. He was able to see the error of his ways. By that he should have been the first to intercede on behalf of the humans, to end the chaos, only, he didn’t,” said Iaode. “Atum has now chosen to fall to the side, to retreat. He has allowed, and will allow the OverGods to rule by whatever means they see fit, to the detriment of us all. War will ravage these creatures. Only when he sees true enlightenment, true sacrifice, will he then be moved. She gave him the greatest gift, the all seeing eye, dominion over the world of man, the supreme reign.”
“True God,” offered Eurelios.
Iaode smiled. “Yes. Atum has fallen into shadow, he cowers in darkness, and in shame. I fear that when he does assume his position, it may be too late. You as well as I know what happens to power that falls into the wrong hands. The way Sek-met and Wepwawet dealt with these two magnificent creatures...” Iaode looked sickened.
 “If Atum believes She will come to his aid, or perchance he wishes it so...”
Iaode shook his head. “He knows she cannot, not in this state, and of course, that is not what is intended. I believe we all must wait to see this unfold. Whether Atum watches from his seclusion, is and will be, entirely up to him. We may be on our own.”
“She must have told him something, about the meaning of it all!”
“It’s life Eurelios, just life, death, and everything in between. We cannot hope to gain the answers, at least not while her mortal life is barely unfolding. Remember what I told you, she holds all the answers, and only as she sees fit, will they be revealed. She keeps the secrets locked inside her very soul, that inner sanctuary that possesses the particle, the beginning.”
“You mean to say that only when she fully realizes who she is, will this part of our cycle finally end.”
“Precisely,” said Iaode. “A new era is upon us my brother. It is close enough that I can taste it.”
“Why doesn’t she come to us now, I don’t understand? Why does she torture them, torture us? She is our creator. Why doesn’t she reveal herself?”
“And that is the greatest mystery of them all. The meaning you ask, the reason for us, our purpose, now that, that is what she holds firmly to, and I believe as I’ve told you, all will be revealed.”
“Then who are we to meddle now? We are only scribes. It is not for us to shape the future. All we do is relay it, generation after generation.”
“Yes and so we shall, for several thousand years until that day, but no,” Iaode disagreed partially, “we are and will be so much more to them, behind the veil perhaps, but much more. They will indeed need our guidance, and we will give them that, and anything else they should require along their journey.”
“Couldn’t we tell her who she really is, now, save us all a millennia of bloodshed?” Eurelios inquired gravely. “It is a dangerous game she plays. She gambles with all our lives.”
“You know we cannot, and Eurelios, she is only a baby, not yet born to the light of man,” Iaode reminded him. “Remember, this is her choice.”
“What about when she grows up?”
“Her soul has its own passage in this life as well as the next, and the one after it. In each she will be the same, she will struggle to find her way. When she does finally come to that revelation…”
“We will be there.” Eurelios huffed and shrugged back into his crimson cloak. He stalked begrudgingly to the opposite side of the chamber, and placed his fingers over the top half, allowing his palm and thumb to grip the lower. He met Iaode’s crystal gaze and felt a lump in his throat. He would do anything for his brothers. They were more precious to him than even his own aged soul. If interference was what was being asked of him, then so be it.
“I have seen the future Eurelios. If we don’t do this now the souls of the gods will fall to earthly ruin. Battles will rage, and there will be lives lost regardless, but this one,” Iaode sighed, his attention diverted to the womb of the queen, “she can and will be saved, in order to save us all. One day we will be able to confirm it was her wish in the very beginning, but in the here and now, this is our duty.”
“What about her sons?”
Iaode gaped at him. “I didn’t think you were seeing any longer.”
Eurelios tipped a shoulder in response. “It comes and goes.” It was true. His prophetic gifts ebbed and flowed. At one time he could predict five hundred years or more ahead, not as gifted as his brother, but helpful just the same. Other times he could no more tell a friend what he may be having for his next meal. It was terribly frustrating, but, he had dreamt of two children, ones he didn’t recognize from court. They ran through a garden, their feet half floating over the ground, and their tan arms reaching with each effortless stride. One had been very dark, in all his attributes, from his hair, to his eyes, to the indiscreet scowl of his brow. The other donned a similarly taxed mien, but his hair was much lighter, golden as the sun, and his eyes were a vibrant blue. Eurelios had awoken in a pool of sweat afterward, and he knew he’d envisioned the children of a future queen. Not until this very moment did he understand it was Hekate’s child’s offspring.
Iaode grinned at his brother’s recollection of the young boys. “We will provide there as well,” he said. “I believe your gift has only been compromised by stress. Is your scrying intact?”
“It’s been weeks.”
“No matter. Let us move on from this dark time. You and Janas and I will find rest with a new king, and remember, the future can and will always change, even beyond her control, and that is why our position is so crucial.”
“Will she succeed in producing her sons? I mean to say, my dream?” Eurelios asked, nearly looking ill in the process. He’d no stake in her progeny, but something told Iaode that his brother had not only delighted in his vision, but that he also worried for their future, a great deal. Iaode pondered a moment. He reached for the swell. 
“Her choices, while they may breed conflict, will ultimately be right, and they will be just. For now, that is all I can tell you.”

Present Day-State of the Covens
Agmenon and Hekate are at rest yet again. They bore witness to the resurrection of their only child, Lina, Queen Ahmose-set I, to those of coven and council. They have taken to the UnderSeas, in order to await the new age. Menaan, former king of the Dam Ilah, is at peace as well, with Lina’s grandmother, Linora, at his side. The elders’ bodies remain in a state of sleep, but their spirits are present just beyond the pall of immortal life, watching their posterity. They are filled with hope for the future. 
Helsha, mother to three of Lycion’s sons, and Oracle to the gods, has retreated back to her native Macedon, having testified that her children, William, Charles, and Thomas, had in fact found their mates. She is pleased, despite Thomas’s anger at her constant absence. Change was upon them all, and she knew that the day would come when she and Lycion would re-unite. One day, their eldest William, would take seat at court, no longer as prodigal prince, but as the new ruler of the Siyn na kakal. Helsha knew Will was reluctant to undertake the position. He’d always known, even while on the run, or protecting Lina, that the day would come when he would be called upon once more. He was avoiding it at every turn, and now, with sons on the way, who knew if he would ever return to the wolves. She knew they needed him. They needed his strength, and his guidance, maybe now more than ever. Endless bloodshed has shattered the soldiers’ faith in the fragile elasticity of the system. The ties that once bound the Blood and Wolf gods against outside forces of evil, were quickly unraveling. 
Queen Ahmose-set, or Lina, as is preferred, has taken two for her kings, and is now with child. Questions continue to swirl amongst the two covens as to the fetuses’ origin, and also whether its imminent arrival signals some impending doom not yet revealed. For months, there was speculation as to whether the queen could even bare children through the casting of a spell, as Isis and the others had. Her blood, which runs with not only that of Sek-met, the original Blood God, but of Wepwawet, the Wolf God, also contains fragments of Lina’s human DNA. Though her humanity is sure to be fading fast with each passing day, she remains a benevolent enigma in the immortal world. Not only has her ability to conceive thwarted her naysayers, but the blurred lines between the covens, and regime change has been difficult to accept. Council remains in a state of flux, uncomfortable with Lina’s laws, especially the circumstances surrounding her unconventional marriage. Despite the antediluvian views of the council, the core covens were trying to join in harmony, having set aside their differences, in an effort to quell the bad blood that had existed between them. Each member had found their mate, and the offspring un-harmed. Unfortunately, Helsha knew the peace wouldn’t last forever. She’d felt the shift, the moment she pressed her palm to Lina’s womb that fateful night of disclosure. As she locked eyes with her daughter-in-law, a moment or two passed, unbeknownst to the coven. The Oracle spoke then, in feeling more than actual words.
“You have the fight of your life ahead of you,” she told Lina. The girl only gaped at Helsha, struggling for understanding, until a knock at the front entrance took the air straight from her lungs. Helsha blinked slowly in recognition of the unwelcome visitor. She cusped Lina’s belly a bit snugly, her magnetic blue eyes burning. 
“He comes for you child. He won’t stop, until he’s taken everything you hold dear.”


2. In Dreams
The Lake District
Summer
I was enjoying my dream, well aware that my slumbering moans were being heard. That didn’t mean I was about to wake up. I was safe here in this vibrantly rich world, and nothing could penetrate the perfect existence I’d created. It was becoming the only place where the cells of my troubled mind could un-load, where my inner desires could be fulfilled over and over again, without much interruption. I gave a tiny laugh, ignoring my alert audience, still un-willing to rouse from my reverie. It wasn’t a crisp view but soft, like peering through stained glass. Objects didn’t come fully into focus until I squinted harder in order to decipher true forms. At the entryway to the stone balcony Jaime stood, half clothed as he always was, at least in my subconscious. His muscular arm was spread across the awning, his golden hair splayed down his back, and only the crescent of his ocean blue eye visible. He was waiting. He was watching for Will. Before I could motion for my body to move to him I heard a slow building whistle from the ground below. Jaime turned to me and smiled, his heartbreaking grin enlisted a wild raucous inside me. I swallowed with a shiver, and shimmied down into the bed farther. The light sound of solid feet hit the veranda and my chest expanded, giving two long thuds. I gripped the bedclothes tighter, knowing the moment had arrived. There was no turning back, no running now. I’d given not one solemn vow but two, and had meant it with all of my heart and soul. A chaste bride who’d saved herself for one man would most certainly faint at the sight of two. I knew I wanted to. I felt it spiraling up through my legs and back, and eventually numbing its way into my neck, but I worked quickly to shake it off. Because I was still part human, I tried to delight in those little things that perhaps my immortal counterparts took for granted. As Will emerged from beyond the flowing curtains I really began to tremble. My knees chattered together. My hands lost all feeling even as they clutched the sheets into a single log. Will moved ever so slowly, and I knew it was his way of trying to put me at ease. He reached one hand to the nape of his neck to release his black hair from its hold. As the waves rounded his face and shoulders I stared at the magnificent display. Butterflies raged for space in my belly, and I had to force myself to sit upright. I didn’t extend my arms to them but I did manage a tilt of my chin and a minute amount of acceptance. This gave them pause, their well-built forms stopping dead beneath the canopy. Will lowered his amber gaze; his heartbeat came nearly to a stop, Jaime’s too.
“You’re afraid,” he said softly, trying to conceal his own anguish and the apology that threatened to follow. I instantly began shaking my head. I was, but not in the way they assumed. I couldn’t help but resent the fact that because I’d transitioned from human to immortal, and also queen, that I should in some way be immune. How could anyone’s emotions be invulnerable to intimacy? It wasn’t so inconsequential a thing to me as it was to my more, “seasoned,” partners. Will and Jaime shared an exchange in the wake of my thoughts.
“We aren’t so cavalier either Lina.”
“Exactly,” said Jaime. “This is a wholly different thing, being with you.”
I couldn’t help but smile at him. I knew Jaime’s history in this arena because we’d shared that information at the tender age of fifteen, when I moved to Chicago from New York. Not only had he instantly befriended me, but he also became the one person in the entire world I could relate to, confide in. He knew I was relatively innocent, and he was charmed by that. He himself had quickly indulged in two serious relationships prior to me, serious if only by the standards from the male locker room. He’d not been proud of his choices at the time, and I think reclaimed his virtue through me. We’d come dangerously close in high school, several times in fact, but I’d always resisted at the last second, knowing, I wasn’t ready. I reached for his hand. 
“I’m not afraid. I’m excited,” I assured them both as best I could, though I knew my own silver lenses were full of anxiety. I could feel my blood pulsing behind them, the tears swimming back and forth along my lids. Even I couldn’t pinpoint the problem, I could only shove it down inside me, with the hope that the stronger version of myself would step up to the plate. It had been months since Necros and I had finally joined my twin soul Ahmose-set, making us one. I knew she was me and I was her now, but that didn’t make me miss her, or her brazenness any less. I was different and for that I feared my own intentions. Jaime came to sit next to me. He took my chin in his hands and peered deeply inside. His brows raked together, and he gave the most exasperated groan.
“You’re lying,” he accused with deep hurt in his voice. I’d worked so hard to not give him any indication I was nervous even prior to this moment. But the truth was that the instant we became three, and the words were sealed by our blood, I felt a world of weight over my shoulders. Consummating our union would be natural, right, but it could also rear conflict. We needed absolutely no more of that for the next ten lifetimes. We’d worked too hard to get to where we were. They’d died in order for us to come together harmoniously. And now, to be married to one another, it just felt like one enormous pressure cooker. I felt smothered by the responsibility of it all. If this ended poorly, and I wasn’t certain it wouldn’t, it would be entirely my fault, for not being strong enough to tell them both no. It would’ve been so much easier to simply put it into their heads that they were destined for others. Will chuckled, slid his body down the bed so that he was directly opposite Jaime, and to my left. They cradled me from either side and we lay there quiet, observing each other’s bodies, listening to each other’s hearts that soon began to beat together as one. My apprehension melted to delayed elation and reassurance. They were mine, and I was theirs—this was right, or at least, it would be.
“What if I do it wrong?” I asked self-consciously, burying my head. It was so classic human me, to retreat to my comfort zone, that homey mix of reticence and charm, which always seemed to tame the opposite sex without my knowing. I felt their warm fingers slowly begin making light trails down the sides of my nightgown, the feel of it was far too enticing and I bit my lip hard. Will and Jaime each leaned their lips in toward my ears, gently fanning them before giving them little kisses.
There’s no way you could ever do that wrong, they sent sweetly. And with that the shear curtains closed and I nestled deeply between the two most heavenly creatures god ever made, and there was nothing left to debate.

I could hear voices from the outside. They were working extremely hard now to wake me, but this dream had been far too precious and I just couldn’t let go. If I woke it would be morning, and it would be another depressing day, for me anyway. Herocles had made his return, and while I hadn’t seen him since that night, I knew he was lurking. His last words to me had been so absolute, that all my hours were spent figuring out how to destroy him. I couldn’t deny that I regretted not dispatching of him when I’d had the chance, but if I had finished him off, Atum might not have returned to save Will and Jaime. I had to live with that choice, and I would do it again and again, if it meant I got to keep the two warm bodies that were now watching me sleep. I felt a finger run slowly across the bridge of my nose. I was smiling. It was time to wake, face the music, all that noise. I resisted, dallying near the edge of my favorite dream: my wedding night. I felt a sharp poke to my side.
“Enough X-rated thoughts Lina, get up!” teased Jaime. I could feel the sun shining through them. Dawn definitely had an inspiring effect, even if death danced behind it, mocking me. My eyes reluctantly fluttered open to the golden hue of our estate room. Everything was blissfully in place. The mantle over the white marble fireplace still held an array of pictures of our family. Each coven member were represented, in tones of grey and sepia, which Janas had so affectionately labored over. Above them, secured in the stone wall, was a large black and white photograph of Will, Jaime, and I from our wedding. Janas had placed our hands together in prayer, with me facing the camera, Jaime looking down smiling, and Will kissing my temple. It was so beautiful that I looked at it, some days for hours at a time. I tore my gaze from our happy faces, to the surrounding white pillars, which for the most part remained lit in my presence. The ivory couches sat undisturbed, the stitched pillows bathing in the light from outside. Silver flutes were filled with calla lilies, orchids and white hydrangeas. It was the perfect sanctuary, apart from my vanity which remained an obscene contrast. Littered with toiletries, and far too many cosmetics and styling tools, the area hadn’t really been touched since our celebrated day. Jaime’s attention followed mine and he grunted at the eyesore.
“It’s my room. If you don’t like it you can go back to the cabin,” I reminded him, shoving his rib a little. He pinched my backside from beneath the sheets.
“We can’t do that actually,” Will interjected, tossing off the comforter from his legs so he could stand and stretch. Jaime abruptly turned his face away, and I couldn’t help but feel his body cringe just a bit. I found his fingers in the bed, giving them a small squeeze that he half returned. And that was the complication I hadn’t wanted to deal with the last few months. We’d hardly had enough time to be together, let alone figure out the mechanics of the bedroom. One woman sharing two men was paradise. Two men sharing one woman, perdition.
“Why can’t you two sleep at the cabin?” I asked, ignoring the mammoth in the room. “Not that I would want my husbands to live elsewhere. I mean who wouldn’t love to live with two very male predators that fail to put down the toilet seat, and who leave empty energy cans on the mantle and cracker crumbs in the bed!” I giggled and shot to my feet, giving the huge mattress a shake. There was silence for about twenty seconds before they both slammed me back down, racking up the sheets again and burying us all. Them, bare chested in only jeans, it was my ultimate fantasy. One tick of my index finger along Will’s button was all it took. Much as Jaime hated to admit, when we started, it was always difficult to stop, even if we were fumbling our way through the intimacy. Our laughter ensued before there was a knock at the outer parlor door. The three of us froze, as we always did whenever anyone sought our presence. Jaime made his eyes enormous as he pulled his finger to his lips. We slapped each other’s hands, snickering another moment or two. We would just as soon stay entwined forever, rather than partake in the real world. Who could argue that we didn’t need the practice? Unfortunately being queen didn’t permit such negligence on my part. Will rumbled in his throat, staving off his carnal hunger with sarcasm.
“They’ve impeccable timing, haven’t they?”
“No shi—!” 
I pressed a finger to Jaime’s lips in a flash. He exhaled into my skin, lowering his body and his desire.
“To be continued?” I asked sheepishly. I felt two very distinct ripples of frustration, and then the bed was empty apart from me. “Wait, where are you going?” I asked, as soon as I realized they aimed to leave me to deal with the family on my own.
“You’re the one who asked us to keep your secret about Herocles’ return Lina,” reminded Will.
“And we did that as requested,” Jaime followed, knocking into his boots and throwing on a t-shirt. Why was seeing them dress such a painful act to witness? It was a physical hurt that made it hard to breathe. But fine! We were all getting up so...
“So?” I argued then, out loud, ignoring the urge to bolt the door in steel, in order to have my way with them.
“We did as we were asked, but that doesn’t mean it’s easy for us to face them. The questioning in their eyes is there Lina; however remote, it’s there, and we don’t care to be put in the middle.”
“Agreed,” griped Jaime. “It sucks ass. Especially Ahkmenotep, he is the worst. Always with the questions! Doesn’t that guy ever take a break from,” Jaime put his hands in the air dramatically, “dah, da, daah!”
I ignored him. Idiot. “They shouldn’t be looking at you any sort of way. They’re still under my influence. What do you mean?” I started, only Will raised a hand to cut me off.
“To answer your first question, Jaime and I are not allowed back at the cabin, at least not to sleep. Apparently when Lydas and Sitre return, Charles has asked us to give them the space. So toilets aside, you’ll just have to deal with us.” He passed two aluminum cans in the air to Jaime, who then dropped them into the waste basket with a Stepford grin. Wise ass!
“Like I wouldn’t continue to deal with you two,” I grumped, longing for my more modest bedroom back home in Chicago. It wasn’t a palace like this, but it was all mine, and I never had to share.
“As for the coven, your will has been done. Only you can change our course, if you wish it,” Will stated matter-of-factly, but with a lingering that forced my head up.
“What do you mean if I wish it? I can’t change things now. It’s already set in motion Will!”
“They do appear to be clueless of Herocles’ return, but that doesn’t really mean much in our world, does it?”
“What are you getting at?” I asked, as Will and Jaime made a move for the balcony. I got there first, and blocked their exit. They shared an exchange before each of them delivered warm kisses to my cheeks. Will whispered as he passed.
“Be mindful of your thoughts, if you don’t really want them involved,” he reminded, and then they jumped for lower ground and disappeared.
If I don’t want them involved? Of course I don’t, I yelled...to myself. Damn.
It was difficult to ignore the warning in Will’s words. I knew I would follow through with my plan, that was inevitable. What wasn’t, was figuring out a way to do that and circumvent Isis and the others. She would soon grow restless, and I feared that she would have me figured out by week’s end. Hadn’t I learned my lesson where she was concerned? I couldn’t shut her out, not when she had eons of experience to my meager, earthly year as an immortal. Deep down; however, I knew this time, it was truly on me to fix what was still broken. If I enlisted the help of Isis or any of the coven elders for that matter, Herocles would swoop in that much quicker. I was far more comfortable allowing him to draw me out into the world, rather than have him come back here. As it was Isis was already on a mission, questioning my pregnancy. She looked at me these days with such wonder but there was something else, something below the surface of her ancient eyes which stoned me. She may not currently see through Herocles’ enchantment, but she would always see through me. Before long she would know that I planned to set out and find him, or that he had summoned me in lieu of a killing spree here in Cumbia. There would be no stopping her then. She would say that I was knowingly bringing my children to peril, and that like her, I was being thoughtless, careless, and selfish. I didn’t need for her to say those things aloud. I knew already, and going straight into Herocles’ trap was suicide. She didn’t need to say those things to me because our thoughts passed like water in a stream. I knew I was headed back into the dragon’s mouth. Very shortly I would be running to it. I should have been terrified. I knew what Herocles was capable of. I’d witnessed it, firsthand. There was no end to his evil. 
Somehow, despite that knowledge, I feared motherhood more than his fiery pits of Hell.


3. Concerning the Queen
Isis poked her long finger inside a steaming coffee that would’ve scalded another. She gave the beverage a measured glance before dumping it into the sink. She glared at her hands, once the supplest, most radiant parts of her body, were now growing dull, and aged. She was an immortal. She was an original god. Yet her power was fading, faster she was afraid, than her or Anchille had anticipated. Isis moved to the back kitchen door and peered out at the mountain, which was covered in a light fog. Through it, the sun’s rays displayed in a great fan across the side lawn and up the hillside. Her reflection gazed back at her, and for a moment it was the smooth, youthful countenance of a beautiful Egyptian woman. Her rich cocoa skin dazzled as it once had. But, as she stepped in closer, bringing her right cheek inches from the pane, she noticed the telltale signs of time. There were faint creases near her temples, and in the soft flesh of her eyes. A form of spindling dancers, marching across her face, setting up at the curve of her full lips. Dejected, she brusquely moved away.
“Is my hair greying?” she said to the one behind her. She didn’t turn around, but kept assessing her body critically.
“What is it with you? Ever since Helsha and the elders left you’ve been acting strangely,” said Avati. She ran cold water over the mess Isis made at the sink.
“I don’t know,” Isis replied quietly, still tugging at her straight black hair. The sun was rising. It would be hot in the Lakes, an uncustomary eighty degrees. The woods were lively and Isis could hear all creatures, skittering and scampering about. She drummed her long nail over the door frame, her silver eyes back to preening the limits. “I just don’t know anymore.”
“You’re being awfully cryptic, even for you. Come, sit. Tell me what it is?” Avati pulled out a white wooden chair for Isis to join her. She only sighed, glancing at her assistant, and dearest friend over her shoulder. She moaned to herself, troubling over her black eyelet sweater. Even it hung too loosely. Isis had always been abnormally tall and thin, but the way her clothes were fitting these days was starting to bother her. Avati urged her again. “What is it, tell me.” 
Isis stared at Avati, marveling at her intact beauty. It was so unfair. Abeona had come to their call, what seemed like a million years ago. She had been commissioned in another sector of the universe for eons, and her only task was to protect whatever innocent was placed before her. Over the years, since becoming pseudo Blood God, and adapting to her new name and place, Avati had born witness to the rage, even participated in it. By all accounts she’d seen just as much tragedy as Isis, and yet, here she sat, glorious as ever. Her smooth olive skin unfazed by grief and loss. Isis sighed, knowing that it wasn’t Vati’s fault. It was no one’s fault what was happening to her. And, there wasn’t a damn thing she, or anyone else could do about it. She was careful to keep her thoughts well hidden.
“A spell has been cast over this house.” For a moment there was complete and utter silence. Then Avati quickly shot to her former queen, wrapping her small arm around the woman’s lithe waist.
She didn’t ask how. She didn’t need to question Isis. If her queen declared it, then it must be true. “By whom?”
Isis paused, and Vati could hear the delay in her heartbeat. It made her mouth very dry but not from hunger. “Lina?” she queried in disbelief. “But why?”
“She does it for a reason that I do not yet comprehend, but I will, soon. I cannot seem to break the barrier, but I know she has deliberately kept us in the dark.”
“Isis,” Avati moaned. “I’m certain that she did what she did out of pure indulgence. You know Lina. Her privacy has always been a concern and now with the wedding, and other…things.”
“She doesn’t block us for privacy or for pleasure.”
“It’s not like her,” Avati agreed, shaking her head.
“And that my darling, is precisely what worries me.”
“Here I thought you were simply fretting over your looks, which remain perfect by the way.”
Isis snorted in disbelief, and Vati frowned at her. Isis was quick to distract. “What is the one thing that Lina has shown us time and time again?”
Avati thought a moment, leaning forward on her elbows and spreading her own black hair from her face. “That she is determined to handle every situation on her own, even to her detriment.” Isis nodded to her and then faced the outside once more. Avati rest her cheek along her mistress’ arm. “If you believe it is serious than you must speak to her Isis. You mustn’t toil over it alone, simply ask her about it.”
“Perhaps.”
“Ask her soon.”
“Of course.”
Avati was looking harder at her now. “You are a vision.”
This time, Isis couldn’t help a sour retort. “Little liar.” She breathed sedately, without looking down at Vati.
“It’s not a lie. You are the most radiant of us all, and you know it.”
“Do I?”
“But…”
“Speak?”
“You don’t look well. Are you growing hungry? Can I do anything?”
“You know I don’t kill anymore.”
“It can be humane Isis, everyone would understand. They wouldn’t hold it against you, you must know that.”
“My hunger, or lack thereof, is not the cause for my state darling,” Isis told her kindly.
Very quickly she could sense Avati’s small face shrinking, her onyx hair falling over her doe eyes. It pained her to see her one true friend worrying so, but there was not much Isis could do. Her power had begun to diminish the moment Lina became Ahmose-set I, and as she moves through her reign, Isis would only continue to fade. It surprised her that it took Avati so long to figure it out. When their eyes met she knew her friend was no longer in the dark.
“Oh,” Avati cried, latching onto Isis with all her might. “You can’t leave me in this world alone! You made me! I belong to you now.”
Isis wrapped Avati in her arms and as she did the light within her grew. Avati gently slipped into her true form, and the entire room was aglow with her power and love. Isis squinted and only held onto her tighter. “You belong to no one. You are as free today as you ever were.”
“Isis please! Please! What can I do?” she cried.
“Me qui Abeona. Io sono sempre con voi,” Isis murmured softly in Vati’s ear. She caressed her hair as gently as she would a baby.
Avati sniffled beneath Isis’ embrace till they heard voices in the hall. Each righted themselves and assumed new positions of purpose in the kitchen, Avati at her planner, Isis near the linen cabinet.
Do you believe me? sent Isis fast.
Avati turned to her. “You’re always with me. I believe you.”
Soon Aeolian and her son Antony joined them, the little one in search of sustenance and arguing with his mother. Isis quickly observed the warm hue of Aeolian’s porcelain skin, and the delight in her once cold silver eyes, which had finally diminished through Lina’s gift. Aeolian was in love, with Antony, with her mate Vittorio, and with herself as a Blood God. These things continued to bring Isis joy, though deep within there was a part of her that was jealous, insanely jealous. It was ludicrous and unfounded that she should feel that way, but for some reason, she couldn’t help acknowledging the rawness of her insides. What she wouldn’t give to turn back the clock to when her reign was just beginning. At the time she had despised what she was forced to become, had so hated the monster she had to face in the mirror, but over the years her presence over man gained such purpose, and of course there was Anchille, Ashmolean, and Khan.
“Sabah al khayr!” Isis greeted them as warmly as she could, this time speaking in Arabic. She held out a freshly glazed cinnamon roll for Antony, who eyed it greedily and then kissed Isis’ hand. “Shahia tayebah, little one,” she told him with a grin.
“Morning,” said Aeolian as she perched herself at the island and Vati slid her a cup of coffee. Aeolian sniffed it long and closed her eyes. “Grazie piccola dea,” she dipped her head to Vati, taking a sip.
“Di niente,” offered Avati. Behind them, Antony had begun devouring his treat.
“You know I don’t like you to eat that. Full of sugar and you’ll be up all night!” Aeolian lightly reprimanded Antony, who was ten now and all muscle beneath his long black hair and vibrant grey eyes.
“We’re immortal mama!” he countered. “We can eat and drink more than blood remember!”
“And? What of it? You think that changes things?” she responded, careful not to meet his gaze. She winked at Vati and Isis who were smiling. Antony rolled his eyes in annoyance and took a large chomp of his food, which made Isis think of her own baby who was no longer small. How she missed Khan’s wild defiance and enormous appetite for life. He and Ashmolean were being groomed alongside the wolves, and while she thought of them more as Blood Gods, seated beside their forefathers in the great hall, she knew she must allow them to become who they wished. She sighed to herself and Avati caught her stare.
They are becoming fine men Isis, she sent silently. Isis smiled back at her as she came to stand opposite Aeolian, who was still arguing with Antony.
“Just like his father,” she grumbled, shaking her head.
“You should be so lucky,” he mumbled beneath his breath. Avati signaled for the jug of milk and he poured himself a large glass.
“Uh! You see, you see how he talks to me?! They are exactly alike! Tonight I’ll find them both in the theater, tubs of popcorn, and garbage between them!” she complained though beneath her exterior was a gaiety that only a mother can fully know. She had finally let go of the past, had forgiven the universe for taking one child from her, and she was more than ready for the next chapter. Isis wondered if Aeolian even thought of Anatolia these days. For centuries Aeolian couldn’t even look a man in the eyes without thinking of that fiend that killed her first child. It took her at least that long to trust Vitto, despite the fact that it was he who saved her from the Black Wolf. Isis took note that Aeolian was millions of years from that day, and she was happy for her. “Ash and Khan train every day, you should join them, learn from them!” she coaxed, to which Antony’s spirit slumped. His food went down hard and slow.
“Oh let him be Aeolian, he’s only a boy. Tristen is exactly the same,” chimed in Etienne, as she too made her way to the table. “Every time I can’t find him I know he’s up at that cabin, eating junk, and playing video games!” She laughed and ruffled Antony’s hair. Aeolian wasn’t amused.
As the women laughed and exchanged stories, Isis looked on in pride at how her family had grown in just one year. Before they found Lina, the covens were divided, separated by blind hate and indifference. This, and they were all in hiding, masquerading as though the glory days of their reign were in full effect, knowing well it was all over. When Lina came to them immortal life clung to a single strand of symmetry. Somehow, she was able to heal the wounds of their past. Her force had shaped their lives in inexplicable ways and continued to do so. Not only had Aeolian and Vittorio left their home in the Apennine’s, but Lyon and Etienne had sold their French properties as well. Even Isis’ brother-in-law Ahnri, and his human mate Marija had found a home within these walls. Lina’s spirit had imprinted on each and every one of them, forcing them to reclaim their light, and to no longer be afraid of the world, and of themselves. Her rule had begun, but Isis knew the darker reality, that it was a journey already forged many moons prior. 
She worried for her niece. She desperately wanted to protect her, from the outside but mostly from herself. Lina had opened her heart for so many, but now Isis feared her vulnerability. It was for that, that she was consumed with finding the reason for Lina’s betrayal. Why would she purposely keep them out? If she needed space or privacy, all she need do is ask and it would be granted. There was something more to it than that, and Isis was determined to find out what. Her own heart was heavy even amid the joys of their extended family. She couldn’t help but be somewhat pessimistic, after all, they were the un-dead—for them, fortune was a capricious beast. Isis had once grown restless at Osiris’ side in the Underworld, while life went on above them, then Sek-met summoned Isis to Egypt’s sands and its people, where she was forced to make the greatest sacrifice. Isis had also succeeded in procuring her own children, then nearly lost them when Ankh-sut sent her hellhounds to the mansion for one last battle. Luck cometh, and evil taketh away. Not that Sek-met was evil per se, only that she was at times drunk with power. Isis couldn’t really relate. All she’d ever wanted was to stand at the side of her love and her child, and to help man through his voyage. Now here she was, at the end of a very long reign on earth, about to enter the Underseas, alone. She would have to watch her love and her children, from the opposite side. It was killing her to think of it, to entertain the finality of her departure from this world. And what will the coven do without my strength, she wondered to herself? They need me. They need me still.
“Isis?” said Etienne, grabbing the glass before it shattered to the floor. Antony and Aeolian stared at one another blankly and Avati quickly distracted them.
“I think I hear the others. Come little one, let’s go find them shall we?” she entreated the little boy who continued staring at the brooding matriarch.
“Yes, I think I’ll go and see about your father,” added Aeolian, giving Etienne a look before following her son.
When they’d gone Isis bent over the counter, pressing her brown fingers to her chin. “Forgive me.”
“For what? There’s no mess,” said Etienne, as she emptied the broken pieces into the trash. She wiped her hands and smoothed back her blond hair from her face before making her way to Isis.
“Is there anything I can do, you seem so upset?”
Isis stared at her blankly. It was no use telling everyone in this house that soon the sun would go down on their ancient queen for good. “Lina is in trouble.” She allowed Stevie to search her mind, careful to protect the gloomier things that resided there.
“I see.”
“I hadn’t anticipated her being so strong during this time. The pregnancy is the only thing keeping her weak but the spell remains. She must be working very hard to keep up the façade. I can’t imagine how tired it must be making her. I even wonder, is it making her tired?” Isis wanted so much to confide in the women that had long served her, but Lina’s deepest secrets weren’t Isis’s to tell. It was maddening, carrying the burden.
“What do you mean Isis?”
Isis frowned. Impossible circumstances. “I can’t hear them, the children, inside her I mean. I don’t hear life inside Lina, as Helsha had.”
Etienne pursed her lips in thought. “You think the pregnancy isn’t real? It has to be. Helsha is an Oracle. What could she possibly gain from joining such a coup, and why?”
“I don’t think the pregnancy is a lie, so much as…I don’t know, for the first time, for the very first time in all my life, I am at a loss. All I know is, I couldn’t have performed this way while I carried Ash and Khan, that’s for sure.”
“How do you think she’s doing it?”
“I haven’t the slightest idea. I am just as baffled as you.” Isis shook her head. She gaged Etienne’s reaction. All Isis was trying to do, was open the door, was to awaken the coven even a little, without endangering their future. “How did they conceive? It couldn’t have been natural.”
“The spell,” Etienne offered.
Isis disagreed. “I got rid of it, well, Ahkmenotep did, per my request.”
“Why?” Stevie glanced at her empty womb, the place where Tristen had been only a year ago. She held a guilty visage.
Isis reached for her chin. “Not because of you, or Aeolian, or anyone else. I was pleased when I found out about Tristen and Antony. I did it because none of us should be brining anymore children into this world, not when things are so dangerous.” Isis had been spinning so many lies, even she was beginning to believe them. She got rid of it because she thought it might serve to change Lina’s course, a course that as her aunt, she feared.
“How did she do this for us then?” Etienne was confused. 
“She’s queen,” Isis shrugged. “She is far more capable then even I was. She gifted you and Aeolion, from her own sheer will.” Isis was still confounded by the act, in awe sure, but also deadly curious. It was quite the trick.
“Then her pregnancy could be real, couldn’t it? If she was able to give us the gift, she must have been able to do the same for herself.”
Isis reflected on that. “Every desire we enact for our own gain, comes with a hefty price Stevie. That spell was for a pure immortal. Lina carries the blood of a human in her veins.”
“What are you getting at?”
“I don’t know.” She really didn’t and that was the truth.
“Yes you do! Tell me Isis.”
“Isis scratched her forehead with her nail, then pressed her finger to her lips. “Either they conceived that baby naturally, by some momentary blip in the cosmos design, or...”
“Or what?”
“Or she and Helsha know something that we do not and they are working very hard to keep us in the dark.”
“Then I will ask again, what would the Oracles gain from pretending the queen is with child?”
Isis grew sallow. “Lina’s happiness, her joy, are all the perfect catalyst to draw our enemies out of the shadow.”
Etienne gasped. “They wouldn’t! Why would they deliberately use such a sick manipulation?!”
“Unfinished business with certain parties.”
“Ankh-sut is dead Isis,” her friend confirmed vehemently.
“Not completely.”
“What?”
“She has been obliterated from earth, but her black soul swims the outer realms. That to me, isn’t nearly dead enough!”
Stevie shivered. “What a name for such a monster,” she reflected. “Our most sacred symbol, given to that witch.”
“Yes, I often found that disturbing. I can only say that her father had high hopes for her, to give her such a name.”
“She failed miserably.”
“She did.”
“Something tells me, Ankh-sut’s not the one you’re thinking of.”
Isis was again careful not to let more of her mind slip than was absolutely necessary. She didn’t want to cause a panic, not if there was no real justification save her own theories of what was to come. Lina’s pregnancy could be successful. Only time would tell. Either way, its realness wouldn’t signify a time of good fortune and peace amongst their kind. Isis knew it would mean war. There were many who would use the innocents inside her as a means of overtaking the covens. She would become the perfect bait. “It’s not anything we should obsess over, at least not until we have all the facts.”
“You keep many secrets yourself my queen.” Etienne mumbled at her side, knowing she sounded like her bemoaning teenage son. Isis tried not to let on that her friend hit the nail on the head.
She exhaled hard. “That is the torment of it. To be mother to all, but not have a clue how to really care for you, protect you.” Isis knew Lina would soon feel the weight of that burden.
“I’ve been with you many moons Isis,” she gently reminded. Isis smiled small at her.
“I know that well. I’m so ashamed for destroying the spell. I knew I was taking away others of our kind’s opportunity for some happiness here on earth. It was very selfish of me, but it wasn’t out of egotism that I did it. I was afraid, for Lina. I could see it plainly in her eyes some time ago, that she wanted children more desperately than anything else. As her aunt, I wanted that joy for her. As a goddess, one of the Ennead, I knew it would be a mistake.”
“Oh?” Etienne grew more interested. Isis quickly put up another wall.
“What if, like some strange science experiment, the fetus came out, wrong? I couldn’t be responsible. It was divinity and nothing else that made Ashmolean and Khan come to us. It was Sek-met’s benevolence. It was her atonement. The odds of that miracle happening twice, I could not chance it! I’m not even certain she aims to allow Ash and Khan to continue to exist!”
Etienne sat back in her chair, her stone face introspective. “Tristan,” she murmured, “he’s perfect Isis, Antony too. I don’t believe Sek-met would punish us. Our four sons are here to stay, you believe that, don’t you?”
“I want to,” offered Isis, taking her hand. She desperately wanted to believe that their lives and choices weren’t so out of their control. In a matter of months, she wouldn’t even be there to see the outcome.
“Do you think Will and Jaime know?”
“About which, the children, or her current spell over us?”
“Both.”
“I couldn’t say for certain. They haven’t let on, if they do know. Had I not told you, you wouldn’t have known either?” Isis asked, again gauging to see how the rest of the coven faired.
“No, no I’d not a clue I was under at all. I don’t think the others are aware either Isis. Lyon has said nothing suspect to me.”
“Nor has Anchille to me.”
“What do you really think she’s hiding from us?” asked Etienne.
“Not what, so much as whom?”
“What can I do?”
“Nothing,” Isis shook her head. “Please, go on as you have. I don’t want to alert her that even I know. It might scare her into making a rash decision.”
“I understand.”
“For now, Lina must believe her secrets are safe.”
Etienne gave a nervous shake and a laugh, as if the two of them were under surveillance.
“I will play along regardless…until one of us outs the other I suppose,” Isis told her.
“Mon Dieu!”
“My sentiment exactly,” groaned Isis. “Anchille is coming. Talk later?”
“Of course.” Etienne gave Isis’ fingers a kiss before taking to the door where Anchille entered.


4. An Accord for Love’s Sake
“Ah Stevie dear, I’m not running you out am I?” Anchille asked, as they embraced. Etienne met his cheek.
“Not at all. I’m heading out for a bit. You both have a wonderful day. It’s glorious out!” she said with a bright smile. Under her breath she said, “Take her for a drive please. She needs it.”
When Etienne had gone Anchille made his way to Isis, who was busying her thoughts and her hands over a glass plate of petals. Her mind was so full and her chest so heavy, she didn’t take notice that she’d unconsciously begun swirling the overhead lights. When it started to flicker and the tea kettle sounded Anchille grabbed hold of her. She was cold as ice, her gaze remote.
“What is this? What are you doing to yourself?” he asked, as he held her tighter to calm her. The inanimate objects fell to rest just as soon as Isis touched Anchille’s skin. She fell into him and for the first time allowed him to take some of her worry. The rest inside her stayed buried, deep.
“I’m fine,” she told him, though that was hardly the answer he had asked for or wanted. He waited patiently for her to collect herself. It took her a moment but she finally responded. “I love you Anchille.” He turned her around to face him, took the curve of her chin in his strong hand and pulled her lips just close enough that they were almost touching. He stared deeply at her and in silence. She wished she didn’t have to carry the cross alone, but Anchille would not be served well if she confided in him either. Still, what she could relay was enough to bury his soul in unseen earth. His skin prickled and he looked as though he may be sick. Isis grabbed a hold of his waist, yanking him closer to her, and they stayed entwined that way for some time, saying nothing, because there was not much to say. After a while Anchille slowly pried her nails from the back of his neck.
“No, no don’t let me go,” she wailed in such a way that it stopped him. He had looked at her face for thousands of years, and she had never seemed more frail or alien to him then she did at that moment.
“Isis,” he said tight, grabbing her face. “Why didn’t you tell me you weren’t well?”
“Would your knowing sooner have made this moment any easier?”
“You must fight it with everything that is in you, for me, for Ashmolean, for Khan…for this family,” he choked, holding his fist to his lips.
Isis ran her hand through his long hair, delighting over the pattern of the waves and pressing its likeness next to hers. They could be twins the two of them, with their glowing silver eyes, polished skin, and lanky, statue-like bodies. She loved him so much and the thought of leaving him made her physically ill. Visions of flowers in full bloom began to decay before their eyes. Violet petals turning black as night, and shriveling beneath the darkness made the two of them latch onto one another ferociously.
“You say that to me, as if I had a choice. You knew what would happen when Lina ascended.”
“I’m not ready Isis. I am not prepared.”
“Nor I,” she agreed, this time taking him into her arms. They pressed together and then their lips met. Anchille kissed her so hard and so emotionally that it brought tears to both their eyes. When they pulled away it was with great pain, and as Anchille licked the blood from her cheek, she did the same for him.
“I won’t let you go without a fight, do you hear me,” he professed to her.
Isis relaxed in his hold. “I was hoping so.”
“Isis?”
“Yes my love?”
“You must tell Lina the truth, for her sake as well as your own.” Isis was dying. He knew it and so did she, only neither of them could bare to say the words.
“It’s not the right time Anchille. She has only been queen a short while. She has just gotten married. She’s with child…” Maybe.
Anchille’s chiseled features turned sour. “Don’t remind me,” he grumbled. Isis stroked his face. “Many of my nights were spent consoling Ahmenos of it.”
This made Isis chuckle. “She’s not the eighteen year old girl who first came to us Anchille. You know that, in your heart. Immortality changes us, the very instant we turn. The body fills with that ancient blood, bringing with it voices and wisdom from the past.”
“Explain that to my brother. His only child, one he’d been forced to abandon all those years, and now he must share her with not just a legion of immortals the world over, but with two husbands as well. The man is beside himself with grief!” They both laughed so hard at that. Anchille finally got under control. He soon raked his hand over his brow in haste. “All that power,” he shook his head morosely, “it comes with such responsibility. I worry for her. I worry for them all.”
“As do I.”
“Ah, what now dearest? What can I do for you? How can I make you better, if you won’t help yourself?”
“I’ll make you a deal.”
“Mmm,” he grumbled, licking his full lips, “the last time you and I made a deal, we broke coven law and brought Ash and Khan into the world!”
Isis’ smile widened. “I don’t think it has turned out so poorly, do you?”
“I wouldn’t trade us for anything. You made this coven what it is today. You made me what I am as well. Ashmolean and Khan worship you Isis. You are our mother.”
“So a deal?”
He took her face in his hands and grinned. “A deal.”
“I will have a meeting with our niece. I will lay our cards on the table.”
“If?”
“If you will promise me that you will not come seek me out when I am gone.” She paused to allow the true meaning of her words to sink in. Anchille’s soul was suddenly shrouded by a blackness she knew existed within him. She couldn’t allow him to make such a colossal mistake, not simply to be with her in the next world, before his time. “Promise me, Anchille?” she repeated more firmly.
“I cannot,” he disagreed, his brow furrowing.
“You must.”
“Ash and Khan are grown men now Isis. We’ve nothing further to fear of their aging, or their ability. They are safe. They are strong. They are protected.”
“They still need their father Anchille. You can’t make that choice for them. If they had to choose they would want you with them, always.”
“I want you always.”
“And I you, forever.”
“That is why I can’t promise you, because I belong with you Isis. If I let you go, I may never find you again.”
“Of course you will. I’ll be right here, with you, waiting, just on the other side of the mirror.”
“I remember what happened to Lina and I am terrified that you will end up someplace else, someplace…terrible.”
“Anchille, you are my very heart. I will never truly leave you, but you will obey me now. All things must have balance.” The covens would find that out soon enough.
He was resistant she knew, but he had always honored her requests, knowing that there was purpose to her bidding. “Do you ever regret?” Anchille asked calmly, though the tremble in his voice gave his vulnerability away.
“Not a single day of our lives together.”
“Positive? You could have had anyone Isis, anyone at all, and they would have worshipped you.”
She knew her husband was referencing her life before him. She thought he’d long since gotten over her past. It saddened her that he hadn’t. “I couldn’t be more happy or at peace than I am right now,” she testified, despite the many areas of her body that were failing. Anchille looked to the floor, the locks falling carelessly over his eyes. She thought he looked every bit the boy she’d once stumbled upon in the night so many years prior. How innocent he’d been, a fresh new immortal, delighting at his own reflection in the Nile. And oh, how she’d wanted him. His heart grew soft, his mind buried beneath both their memories, each swirling in their blood together. Isis ticked his chin. “Hey?”
“Yes,” he murmured, tilting his head to kiss her hand.
“Uhibbok,” she told him. Anchille didn’t ignore her declaration but he was still lost in his thoughts.
“When you went to Necros, I sensed him. I closed my eyes and watched the way he looked at you. His mind cried out to you Isis,” he said, the hurt in his words suffocated her.
“Anchille, I chose you. Osiris and I had our time. It defined the future of many lives, but now that is finished. This is our world, right now.”
“Yes.”
“I. Chose. You.”
He took her up, kissed her hard and finally she felt his submission. “Very well lady. If you go before me, I shall not follow until my time comes. You have my word.”
“Is it still your bond?”
“Do you even need to ask?” he queried, mildly irritated. 
“No suicide Anchille?”
He grumbled in protest. “No, no suicide. I promise.”
“Good, now, take me back to bed. I’m exhausted,” she said with a panting that only he understood. He remembered a time when they could hardly keep their hands off one another. It seemed like lifetimes ago. In that moment he wanted nothing more than to tuck her away in their tombs, and to give her anything she wanted.
“With pleasure,” he told her, sweeping her up just enough that she didn’t have to work so hard. Isis’ lanky form melded into his, her beautiful twin. She wrapped her arms around Anchille’s neck tighter and tighter, purring until he gave her his full mouth in desperation.


5. Ties that Bind
“Where’s your wife?” asked Aeimil, barely affording so much as a head nod as he expertly maneuvered his thick fingers over the joystick. He was slathering Tristen in a heavy game of football. The young vampire looked bored to tears but locked in place and this made Will feel sorry for him. Not to mention Aeimil had taken on a haggard appearance, like he hadn’t showered in days. His nails were black from running, his shaggy brown hair knotted. Unacceptable, thought Will.
“Uh, I believe your mother is looking for you,” he offered the golden haired boy. Tristen’s bright slate eyes enlivened, and he slapped his knees in jest.
“Damn, I guess I have to go,” he feigned complaint. Twenty year old Tristen, stood and stretched out his back before making his way to Will and Jaime at the door. Beneath his breath he offered much thanks before dashing in a stream down the mountain.
“Great!” Aeimil hacked, wrapping up the cord and switching off the television in a huff. “I was kicking his ass!”
“Who cares!” Khala shouted from the bathroom where it was clear, a bath was running. Steam swirled into the narrow hall. Cripes, thought Will. Hopefully it was for her smelly mate.
Dick! Aeimil sent to him crudely.
“A bath with your girlfriend,” remarked Will. “All the more reason to send the child home,” said Will, heading into the modest kitchen. He breathed deeply, missing his old dwelling as if it were a pair of worn slippers that never quite gave up.
“Mourning your single life brother?”
Will whirled on Thomas like a jungle cat, thrusting him a bit violently against the wooden door before giving him a hug. “I tell you that I don’t miss the scent of this place, not at all.”
“Oh no!” Thomas crowed, slamming Will’s head beneath the pit of his arm so that he could hardly breathe.
“Argh, Thomas, get off!” he shoved him hard, staggering to catch air. His brother lifted his arm to his head and inhaled, licking his lips and chortling proudly.
He beat his chest, “That’s a man!”
“That’s a pig!” Khala disagreed.
“Nah, nah!” he yelled back at her. “Steak? It’s venison.” Thomas asked Will, prying open the refrigerator which was no longer only filled with half eaten pizza, day old left overs and beer. Now there was fruit, and green things, and…fancy glass bottles of water?
“What the hell is that?” Will pointed. 
“Some kind of health crap, something or other.”
“Who shopped? I’ve never seen this much food in here, ever!” Will inquired, for the first time actually looking around and to the changes he hadn’t quite noticed upon arrival. The front room no longer looked like a bear’s piss filled den, but a picture from Cabin Life. There were throws over the couches, flowers in vases, and potpourri pots everywhere. With the exception of his foul brother and cousin, it smelled like spring and looked even better.
Thomas eyed the spectacle as well and then he slugged Will in the arm. “Girls,” he shrugged, taking a swig from his bottle of not bougie H2O.
“They did all this?”
“I sure as hell didn’t.”
“You like it, don’t you?” Will asked him, his lips stretched ear to ear. Thomas swallowed a bit of bread hard, as if it were clay in his mouth. Beneath his macho exterior he was red all over and it made Will smile.
“It’s either this or they leave us. They said they couldn’t stand our heathen ways, got that from Lina, thanks by the way,” he snorted. “Basically they put the smack down, especially on Aeimil.”
“Oh yeah, well he is the worst of us,” said Will, louder than he needed. He waited for his cousin to respond. When he didn’t Will popped his head through the island, coming face to face with Aeimil’s middle finger.
“It’s like Friends in here. I think I’m gonna yack,” Will gagged as he drug himself over the counter.
“Shut up. Are you hungry or not?” asked Thomas, turning abruptly to the opened package of bloody meat. He began dousing them with sauce and seasonings.
“Yeah, sure. Sounds good. Jaime?”
“I could eat,” he hollered from the living room where Charles and Jane sat, flipping through channels. They hadn’t seen much of the new couple since the wedding, and Will knew Jane missed her brother. They’d need to make a point of being around more.
“Yes, you should,” Thomas said, interrupting Will’s thoughts.
“It’s complicated,” he answered, closing the door to the other room so they could have some shred of privacy.
“I’ll bet. Do I even need to ask?”
“We can’t really talk here, you know that,” said Will, hopping onto the counter. Thomas tossed him a drink too.
“It feels like it’s been forever, but Isha…”
“It’s okay. Another time.”
“For sure.”
They were both quiet for a few seconds before realizing that there wouldn’t be another time unless they took it when the moment struck. It was now or never and Will needed the outlet. Thomas grabbed his keys off the hook before his brother flashed for his wrist.
“Run?”
“Hell yeah!” Thomas laughed, turning down the food and enlisting Aeimil to man ship while they were gone.
 
***

Heard from Lydas and Sitre? sent Will, as he and Thomas crested the mountain, curving toward the farthest side, opposite the mansion. They felt they’d distanced themselves sufficiently enough from the coven, adequate for secrecy at least.
Thomas shook out his silver and black fur, and Will knew it had been a while since his brother shifted. They hadn’t much reason since Necros, as most threats had simmered with Ankh-sut’s death. Things are well as far as I know. They’re due back sometime next week, Thomas replied.
Aikos and Aa-hana? Will had barely gotten to know the new additions before Lydas whisked his family away for retreat.
Happy. Father’s been delighted to have them staying with him. I believe it’s been good for him…the company. It’s been ages since children ran through the majestic halls.
I’m glad to hear things have turned out so well for them. Lydas and Sitre deserve their joy, sent Will.
Everyone’s good Will, Thomas assured him. He stood down on his hind legs, raising his nose to the warm summer air and feeling the release that comes only from their shifting. Finally he returned his attention to his pensive brother. Are you going to say it out loud, or should I?
Will ignored him at first. You look huge Thomas. Working out? Thomas smirked.
We’re gods Will, we don’t need to, he reminded cockily.
Will observed his brother in wolf form and noticed the change in him. He was just a tad larger, though Will still dwarfed him and Charles. He couldn’t help but leer at the triumph.
It’s hardly an achievement, and I can still whoop your ass!
Whatever you say, Will agreed with narrowed eyes. What was the question?
Oh please! It’s nuts, not one of us can stand it Will.
What do you mean?
The three of you, together? Thomas grunted, scuffing the ground. It must be hell.
It isn’t.
Come now, you can’t lie to me, brother.
I’m not lying.
You are a man on fire William. Another month, two at best, and you’ll desire to tear his arms from his body for even looking at her, Thomas accused righteously. Oh wait, you practically did that already!
You don’t understand, said Will.
Oh no. I understand you are an animal. I understand that you wish to possess her, and call her your own. I understand that you have gone against your own nature, and are now sharing your bed with him. I don’t know how you do it, honestly. In the wild the pack would see to it that the perfect arena be arranged for you to dispatch of this pup, and yet here you are, doing the devil knows what. 
You’re right Thomas, sent Will. You don’t understand a thing.
Make me understand. I want to, for your sake. Charles tells me to leave you be but I know you Will, better than you know yourself. You are a killer my friend, and this situation has yet to reveal that side of you. I believe the time is upon us. If I am wrong, prove it to me.
Lina carries my son. She carries his. We love each other, Will attested, though he kept his focus to the outer terrain. Fog began to move in thicker around the cliff and Thomas wondered if it wasn’t his brother’s mood. He watched him carefully, before tapering his golden eyes.
You love each other?
Yes!
Thomas pondered that. Then he trotted to Will’s side, forcing him to make contact. Do you love him?
What kind of question is that?!
Purposeful, sent Thomas, scouring his siblings weary face.
Will sighed and loped to the edge in order to look down. His heart was racing, and if he’d been in human form he would have already exploded he was sure of it.
Will?
What do you want me to say Thomas?
The truth. I’m your brother!
I don’t want him to die.
That’s not exactly the same thing.
It’s all I’ve got, Will replied, his hackles lowering as though it were his shoulders. Thomas felt awful then for pressuring him. He sat beside him, and they remained silent for another hour, just listening to the earth’s music. How simple their lives would have been, if they hadn’t had to choose a twin soul. If only they could roam the world, unencumbered.
It sounds nice, doesn’t it? sent Thomas with an inner grin.
Yes, only…
Thomas nodded to him. You’d miss her.
Will agreed. And you’d miss Isha, like a black hole in the universe.
That I would, the little vixen, he chuckled.
I do miss us though, you, me, and Charles.
Me too.
Are you…angry with me?
Thomas stared at Will. No! Never. Father wouldn’t be either. He would be so proud of you, I know that if I know nothing else.
Thanks.
Anytime.
Thomas?
Yeah?
It’s not like, Will shivered, it’s not like I like it.
I figured not, Thomas chortled.
Will shook his fur brusquely. Jaime doesn’t either, I can tell. In the locker room, no big deal. In the bedroom, ahh, sighed Will.
Different story huh? sent Thomas.
We didn’t set out to live like this. But when we’re all together…it just…
I get it. You make sense, Thomas offered kindly.
Crazy isn’t?
Not to me. Agmenon said she was lucky to have you both, and however your union works, it works for you. Just promise me one thing?
What?
Don’t run.
Huh?
Will, you’ve done it before.
Will didn’t say anything. It was an argument he’d never win. There had been many women left wanting in his absence, and while he’d felt his reasons for leaving were just, it couldn’t erase their questioning or their anguish from his mind. Those things he had blocked for so many years, stung around the edges of his mind, soon they would break through. It was terrible, being reminded of it. He really had been a piece of garbage. 
Until Lina, sent Thomas gently. You weren’t the only one dishing out less than stellar break up lines friend.
Yeah, Will agreed.
Mahta, Ingrid, Salome…
Stop, please, I’ll be sick, begged Will.
It’s not our fault Will. We did them all a kindness by leaving them, you know that. For us it was only pleasure, a way to pass the time until we found our mates. Nature cannot be stopped. As you have always said, time and time again, this is how we are designed. To fool ourselves into thinking that life for us could be anything but this, is pointless.
Do you really love Isha then?
With every fiber of my being. I feel ill when she’s away, and tormented when she’s near…because, she isn’t near enough. I could swallow her whole, let the beast inside devour all of her, and it still wouldn’t be enough.
Is that why you’re saying this to me now, because you’re afraid I’m going to suffer, having not gotten enough love from Lina? asked Will.
Maybe she can make you happy. Maybe she’s enough. I hope she is, for your sake. She’s the very best thing in your life, and after all you’ve gone through, you take this slice for yourself. You deserve it, no matter how damn scary it may become.
I know. I will.
You freaking died for that girl, him too. It doesn’t get much more devoted than that. For what it’s worth, I think everyone’s a bit jealous.
Get outta here?
Seriously. You should hear Isha and the girls yacking it up all night about how the three of you work, and how lucky Lina is to have two men at her beckon call.
I’ll be damned! Will blasted, knocking his brother around the ground.
They want what she’s got, and we all keep telling them to dream on! Share my wife with another man, kiss my dog ass!
The two brothers laughed and soon shot off down the mountain and through the woods. Their bond was intact and Will knew he had nothing at all to fear. Judgment would be reserved for others and he couldn’t care less about that. They rounded the hill outside the cabin, and slipped in through the side door at the back. Thomas and Will changed into their clothes, and met Charles and the others out front. Khala was serving Aeimil and Omri from a large plate, and when she’d finished she offered them the last.
“Where’d you two go?” asked Aeron, Aeimil’s more hygienic, older brother.
Will and Thomas looked at one another and shrugged. “For a run.”
“Extend the offer next time!” he complained.
“Yeah, we really need to spend some time together,” added Charles.
He was aware of the conversation between Thomas and Will but worked diligently not to let any parts of it slip. They could more easily block others, but keeping their emotions private from each other, as family, was near impossible. It was private and Jaime certainly didn’t need to hear. Charles glanced over at the blond boy who wasn’t really a boy anymore. He couldn’t help but smile at him, and at his innocence which he daily tried to mask beneath his carved exterior. How different Jaime and his brother were, not so much in stature but in looks and temperament. Will was the split image of their once regal father, Lycion. He had the same long black hair, bright citrine eyes, and the build of a gladiator without much effort at all. Jaime was the All American jock, with a surfer’s cool air: tall, built, tan, and full of testosterone, but, in a good way. Still, Charles couldn’t imagine being compared to Will day after day and in such an intimate way. He quickly took a bite in an effort to shorten the length of his disturbing thought. He didn’t want to picture his brother’s bedroom trysts. It was a topic, far too thorny to address. Jane snuggled into his side before leaping up to sit next to her brother. Her golden curls flanked her heart-shaped pixie face, and she batted her ocean blue eyes at her twin.
“What do you want?” Jaime grumbled behind his meat.
“Attention,” she said on cue.
“You have Charles. My job is done,” he teased.
“Don’t stuff your face, you’ll choke!”
“Okay boss!” he mimicked her.
“Hey?” Jane said more seriously. She need not say much as Jaime jammed the contents of his mouth down, and glared at her. If they’d possessed a clock between them it would have ticked out the endless seconds, which were agony. Finally he swallowed the lump.
“You called mom,” he garbled, raking a hand through his tousled hair.
“I had to.”
“Uh why? We’re adults Jane!”
“Oh, like she really cares about that!”
“Frankly, I don’t care what she thinks.”
“J?”
He glared at her and everyone remained silent. With other pressing issues lingering and no idea how to tackle them, it was right on time for the twins to have an argument. Will didn’t care to discuss his true feelings with his brothers or cousins and least of all Jaime. And that suited the others as well.
“What did the hag have to say?”
Jane frowned. “She said, congratulations.”
Jaime spit out his drink. “You told her?!” he shouted, standing quickly to run his hands down his pants and leaping for the back of the couch.
“Whoa, this is getting good,” said Aeimil, positioning himself for a ringside view. “They haven’t fought since they got here.”
“Don’t be an ass,” Khala cursed at him. “Jaime, what’s wrong with Evaline knowing about the wedding, besides the obvious lack of invitation?”
“There’s that! And the fact that my sister was sworn to secrecy, which she just can’t seem to uphold, ever!”
“I’m sorry,” Jane said, her eyes filling with tears. Jaime wasn’t moved, not in the least. He stood near the open window, arms knitted over his thick chest, his breathing erratic.
“Jaime?” said Charles calmly. He’d taken Jane’s side. Jaime refused to turn around. “She only did what she thought was fair. Your parents had a right to know that their son got married. I don’t know all the particulars of your family, its dynamics or otherwise—”
“That’s right, you don’t,” said Jaime coldly. A few feathers ruffled but no one made a motion to act on it. This was a clan affair and they were all family now. Fighting wouldn’t solve their issues anymore.
“Nevertheless,” continued Charles peaceably, “it seems to me that Evaline responded better than expected.”
Jaime began to laugh. It was a sadistic sound and then he turned his glowing eyes to the room. Will took note that they were slightly turning orange which signified Jaime’s impending shift right there in the cabin. He began inching towards him. “She would take it well,” Jaime spat. “That’s her game. Ask your wife. Oh that’s right, you didn’t tell mom about yours and Charles’ elopement to the Isle of Man, did you? You only told her about me and Lina, who she hates.”
“Jaime, it doesn’t matter. We’re never going back there anyway. We’ve no reason to now,” Jane half whined. She kept herself tucked behind Charles, who was just as large as Thomas, and wouldn’t think twice about defending her, even against her own brother.
Jaime whirled on her like a lion regardless, all six feet of him drowning her tiny body in shadow. His soul was burning blood yellow with anger. She knew it wasn’t directed at her, but she leaned even closer to Charles for protection.
“After all she’s done to us… to me,” he half laughed, leveling her with his stone gaze. “She still has power over you Jane,” he said harshly. Will sensed Charles tightening and he went to his side to appease his frustration as well.
“Jaime, let’s go outside,” he offered, giving Jane a nod before shoving her brother through the front door.


6. Candor
Jaime slammed his fists against the wooden post before uprooting a large tree and flinging it down into the far ravine. He was seconds from phasing, and Will would let him if that’s what was necessary. He waited a few seconds more, and finally Jaime had calmed himself a small measure.
“Walk a bit?” Will asked him, careful not to get too close or to make eye contact. He knew the two of them had, had quite enough closeness in the days prior. If their bedroom chamber walls could talk... Will would stuff their mouths with cement and be done with it!
Jaime huffed a few more times and finally drew in a solid breath. “Yeah, I better walk.”
“Cool.”
They trekked down into the ravine, and had to step over the dismantled tree. Will was extra cautious as though the trunk may bite him and Jaime laughed.
“You’re an asshole!” he said, hopping over himself.
“I know,” Will agreed. “Jane didn’t mean any harm.”
Jaime sighed in frustration. “She never does Will, but she has this knack for doing the dumbest shit.”
“I have Thomas for a brother,” Will remarked dryly.
“I’ve got one of those too. I have quite a different word I’d use for him.”
“Thomas is immature but he tries, more now that he’s with Isha.”
“Michael wouldn’t try if our lives actually depended on it. He’s selfish, narcissistic, and thinks if he stays as far from us as possible, somehow his life might turn out different. I lay awake nights thinking, just how is he getting on in L.A.? Is he phasing right there, in front of whomever is sharing his bed? Has he at the very least found some safe place away from humans?” Jaime raked a hand over his brow, then whispered, “Will he expose us all?”
“Sorry,” offered Will honestly. For a split second he wondered if this Michael would one day cross his path and if he would need to take care of him. He tried not to let on. 
“You know,” Jaime said, stopping for a second to stretch out his sore arms, “we don’t know much about each other do we?”
“Actually, I know everything about you that’s on paper, or what I saw while protecting Lina all those years.”
“Oh yeah?” asked Jaime. Will drew in a breath.
“Let’s see, track and field, football, quarterback of course,” Will snorted, “straight A’s, ever the after-school hobbyist and helper, job at the marina, for free boat time and wake boarding, and then there is your expert guitar skills and the occasional open mic night. Did I miss anything?”
“Wha—!”
Before Jaime could react Will added, “Oh, and you come from a long line of mutant werewolves.”
“Screw you!”
Will twitched his brows. “I’m good.”
Jaime just shook his head. “What’s on paper isn’t me Will, any more than what’s written in the history books is who you are.”
“Point,” he agreed, tossing a branch basketball-style into a high break in the trees. “You know I’m just messing around. I realize there is way more to you than that.”
“Sure. It’s strange, isn’t?”
“Dare I ask?” Will quipped.
“We’ve danced around this for a while now, and apparently I’m the only one with balls enough to say it.”
Will cleared his throat horribly and folded his arms. “Go on.”
“It’s not working.”
Will inhaled. “It’s working as well as can be expected.”
“You’re so full of it. I’m a wolf, same as you. You think going on a hike with Thomas somehow keeps you out of my head? We’ve been intimate, remember?”
Will cringed and felt a surge of gunk rise in his throat. The notion that Jaime would hear him from miles away, hadn’t actually occurred to him, let alone his casual use of the word, intimate. “Correction: I’ve been intimate with my wife, and you have been intimate with yours.”
“Does that about clarify it for you Will?”
“Forget it. Let’s not talk.”
“If you’re so miserable why not tell Lina?” asked Jaime anyway. Will began to feel a level of hurt, worry and disappointment in Jaime’s voice. It had no real name but nipped regardless. It took him a moment to process but then he understood clearly.
“You’re afraid if I mention it…that she’ll say all of it is wrong then. You’re terrified if it isn’t the three of us, she won’t want you?”
Jaime didn’t move. He could only nod just slightly.
“Oh boy,” said Will, trying to soften even a little. “Were you not listening when she read her vows? Were you absent the day she saved our lives, and professed that she loved us both, equally, not to mention, and I quote, ‘I want you both and our love be damned if you don’t like it!’ end quote,” he sung in her voice.
“Things change.”
“Not that damn much and not that quick!” Will argued.
“I wasn’t prepared for this. I didn’t sign up for this,” Jaime said, swinging his arms between them.
“And I did?”
“I don’t know. I just get the sense that…”
“That what?”
“That it’s easier for you than it is for me.”
“Uh, how do you figure?” Will asked, a bit insulted. He’d never once in his entire existence, ever shared a bed with a man. Two or three women, absolutely, but this, no.
“You’ve lived a hell of a lot longer than me and Jane. You’ve seen more things behind closed doors than I can imagine.”
“And what, that makes me some sort of deviant?”
“No! That’s not what I mean.” Jaime sighed, lowering himself to the ground. He flicked a few branches away.
“Jaime, this terrain is just as unchartered for me as it is for you, trust me.”
“I just don’t know what to reasonably expect, that’s all. Do I tell her that we can only share that kind of time with her separately, or do I keep my mouth shut? Do I ask her for my own room? Do I even want that? Do you?”
Will finally smiled a bit and sat down too; he crossed his boots and leaned back to look at the sky. “I’ve been wondering that too. It’s not simple for us but it is for her.”
“It’s like breathing for her, effortless, normal,” Jaime shrugged. “But I guess, girls are just like that.”
Will disagreed. “She’s not some girl in a pub, pathetically making out with other women to get attention Jaime. She wouldn’t ever behave that way.”
“I know, I just meant, it doesn’t mean the same thing to her is all.”
“She’s a different being.”
“That’s for sure,” Jaime agreed.
“She’s more of a mystery to me today than she ever was,” admitted Will. “She doesn’t see this the way you and I do. She doesn’t see color, lines, and differences. She just doesn’t. For her, the three of us together…is her.”
“Yeah,” Jaime sighed.
“When we’re with her she doesn’t see three, she sees one. Like Lina said Jaime, I’ll be damned if I am going to take that from her.”
“It’s not like I want to! I just feel like it wasn’t as difficult…before. Flirting with the idea of it, and messing around, that’s one thing.”
“Sex always complicates things, in any kind of relationship.”
“Yeah, well. I don’t hate you anymore.”
Will chuckled. “No, I don’t hate you either. Truthfully Jaime, I never did.”
“No?”
“Nah. I tried. I wanted to. In the end it just didn’t make a whole hell of a lot of sense.”
Jaime half knocked Will’s sole. “We’re gonna be fathers. Can you believe that?”
“No.”
“You scared?”
“I don’t know yet. I’m numb.”
“Me too! How do you think it happened?” Jaime asked.
Will cocked a brow. “If we have to have that talk we’ve got even bigger problems than our living arrangement!”
“Come on! You know what I mean. She spent a year thinking that because she’s a product of all three species she wouldn’t even be able to conceive, or that the spell would somehow backfire for her. In fact, we all believed that. Yet, here we are.”
“Yes, here we are. Honestly Jaime, I couldn’t say. Either she is even more than what we realize, or she, like the others, has manipulated nature. Who knows, maybe it’s a loophole we never anticipated. In any case, I am not questioning a gift.”
“It’s gonna change everything. Just when we get used to this, our universe will be upended again.”
“For the better,” said Will. He and Jaime knocked their fists together and after a while they headed back to the cabin. Things had calmed considerably, and though a few hearts skipped at the sight of Jaime he was cool as a cucumber. He walked straight to Charles and shook his hand, then gave his sister a kiss to her forehead.
“I really am sorry J,” she whispered as he passed and sat down.
“S’ok honey.”
Omri relaxed and placed another log to the fire before perching over the arm of the couch near her mate Aeron. The hearth crackled and popped as two more bottles were passed around, and everyone settled in further to the peacefulness of the full cabin. Though no one spoke a word it was unanimous—life; however complex, would not get any richer.


7. Life Inside
“What’s it like Lina?” Isha asked. She was busy pulling blankets off the large canopied bed, piling them onto the floor. Lina flashed for a cart in the hallway, knocked Isha onto the couch, and resumed the clearing of her bedclothes all in a matter of seconds.
“I told you, Omri and the girls, I don’t want you cleaning up after me anymore. It feels wrong, queen or not, okay?”
Isha flushed and hooked her hands around her knees before putting them beneath her. “Okay,” she agreed meekly. It didn’t feel right to her either though. The Daughters of Bast-et had a role to fulfill—watch over the queen, and by that, make her comfortable, beautiful, and at ease.
Lina filtered through her guardian’s thoughts rapidly. She gave a short clearing of her throat and went straight to the violet eyed Egyptian girl. Lina poked Isha’s slightly freckled nose. “You do all that for me just by breathing.”
“Oh,” she said softly. “Well I feel totally useless now. Shall I light your candles?”
Lina winked at her, and with a quick blast, the entire room had been re-lit. “All done.”
“You’ll put us all out of work Lina,” Isha complained. Lina rolled her eyes, hiking up her white lace dress in order to sling-shot the bedding into the parlor.
“What we need is a laundry chute. What does lie beneath this floor I wonder?”
Isha giggled. “Poor dear. Your mansion has everything but your modern human convenience. Come sit,” she entreated, patting the space next to her. Lina obliged, kicking a pillow case out of her way and grazing her bare feet over the plush carpet. She plucked an indigo orchid from its stem before sitting down. She rest the flower over her belly that was still mostly flat.
“You’re not showing much?” observed her friend.
“I noticed too. I guess, like with everything else, my body is determined to be different.”
“I’m sure it means nothing. Enjoy it. Most women complain of being big as a house.”
“I would relish it,” said Lina, forcing her arms in a circle over her body. “I wish I were fully human, and that I was about to give birth now.”
“Be careful what you wish for,” warned Isha with wide lips. “You’re relatively the same, have two gorgeous men pining for all your attention, and you’re running the show. Lying in bed all the time doesn’t sound so awful to me!”
“Isha!”
“What?!” They both giggled and teased each other.
“It’s not like that’s all we do!”
“Whatever you say my queen,” Isha snuffed.
“Is that what you all think?” Lina inquired fast, suddenly feeling very self-conscious.
“We don’t know what to think. We’ve hardly seen you since the night the elders left.”
Lina felt sorry for that. They had been rather pre-occupied, she and Will and Jaime. But, that was to be expected, wasn’t it? They’d just been bonded together. It only made sense that they should spend a fair amount of time with each other. Lina frowned regardless.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry I haven’t been available to you my dear friend. I’ve been so self-absorbed haven’t I?”
“Just a bit, but no one blames you. We just miss you, that’s all.”
“I feel so torn Isha. I feel so pulled, in so many directions that it’s hard for me to get air,” Lina exhaled a little harshly, and Isha sat forward to help steady her.
“Are you alright?” she worried.
“Yes, I’m fine, just this exhaustion rears at such inopportune times. It’s feeling a little like Necros actually.”
Isha’s orbs bulged at the thought. “How do you mean?” she queried, her brows pulled together.
Lina brushed her face with her fingers gently. “Nothing, don’t mind me. I just meant that I can feel my powers waning in preparation for birth. I’ll soon have a month of the humanness I so crave and then…” she patted her unborn sons, “…they’ll arrive!”
“I hear it isn’t at all like human births Lina. For an immortal, the pain is exponentially compounded.”
“It’s okay. I want to feel it all. It might be the last breath of my humanity Isha. I won’t be robbed of it.”
“Are you positive?”
“If they can do it, so can I,” Lina attested, jutting out her chin.
“I know, I know you can, and we’ll be right there with you,” vowed Isha, even though she really worried that Lina’s delivery would somehow be even less predictable than the others. “Wow, it’s so different for us. We can choose to shift beforehand. It takes us to a different plane of consciousness, almost masking the pain with a heightened sense of purpose.”
“Humans have that ability to, only without the right support, they forget the instinct. I’m jealous of you though.”
“Of me, why?” asked Isha, looking quite taken aback.
“You know how your body works. When your time comes with Thomas, you’ll be ready. I am not comfortable with this body. Our track record together hasn’t been great. It usually works against me rather than for me.”
“Lina, it will be alright.”
Lina didn’t respond. Instead she stood and went out to the veranda. The evening sun was lowering behind the tall pines and the mountain beyond. She inhaled sharply when she felt Isha join her. “I have so many secrets Isha, so many.” Lina pressed her hands over the balcony, and rocked herself slowly back and forth. Isha knew her friend was elsewhere, at least in mind.
“What’s wrong?”
“I’ve done an awful thing,” she admitted.
“It can’t be so bad.”
“It can,” she disagreed. Lina looked to the place where the moon would soon rise. “I lied.”
“Doesn’t seem like you. To?”
For a moment Lina wanted to tell Isha the whole truth. She was closer to her youngest guardian than any other, apart from Will and Jaime. She also knew that Isha had an innate ability to forgive. It was for that uncompromising grace that Lina deliberated. She drummed her nails over the stone wall, contemplating her next words, knowing the moment they came out, it would be doctrine. She turned to face Isha bravely. Before she could utter the phrase, her mother approached. Lina’s shoulders and her confidence diminished into the summer breeze. Isha greeted Constance with a cordial bow which always tickled Lina’s mother.
“You girls. I’m nobody, please!” said Constance.
“You are mother to our queen,” argued Isha, straightening her long brown hair and her crème tunic. “The position commands respect of the highest.”
“Oh,” Connie blushed. “I feel so honored.”
“As you should,” said Isha before turning around. “My queen, we’ll speak later,” she announced so formally that at first Lina winced, until finally acknowledging her exit with a regal nod.
“Hi baby,” her mom said as she hugged her. “It’s been so long since we just sat together.” Her mother looked so refreshed, her skin dazzled in the firelight. She un-creased her white trousers before sitting down and crossing her legs. Lina poured her mother a glass of wine.
“How was Crete?”
“Lovely, and your father was so dashing, and elegant, and sexy!”
“Mom!”
“Mom what? Lina you’re not a child anymore, clearly. Can I please, with your permission, move out of my apron and embarrassing rollers, in order to have a real life?”
Lina pouted. She didn’t need more girlfriends. She needed her mother, now more than ever maybe. “Sure, go ahead. Give me a full blow by blow.”
“Thank you. We had a beautiful time together, and have ever since we reconnected. Ah Li,” she exhaled, “Ahmenos is everything I remembered him to be and with a few added surprises,” she squealed.
Oh God, thought Lina. “What kind of surprises?” she carefully asked, rather squinting through it.
“Well,” Constance said like a little girl. She rested her hand under her chin. “He was always a gentlemen in New York, that hasn’t changed, but our separation seems to have brought out a hunger in him.”
“Uh, I don’t know about this mom,” Lina complained, as she covered her half her face.
“Sit down, and be quiet you!” Constance demanded. Her bright green eyes were florescent suddenly. Lina had forgotten entirely that her mother was now immortal. Her passions ran much deeper, and so Lina took a seat uneasily.
“I’m listening,” she said, forcing up her brow with her finger.
“What I meant, was that he has a renewed passion for life.”
Whew!
“That’s good,” Lina remarked, as she continued fondling her belly, still wishing for it to grow.
“In New York, he’d spent most of our brief relationship dashing around street corners and peering out the curtains Lina. He was always watching, waiting for a threat. It didn’t make for an enjoyable time as a couple, let me tell you.”
“Oh,” said Lina, sitting upright and paying closer attention.
“I always wanted him to relax, and to just, be with me, but he couldn’t. He was always so worried that he would leave to come back and find us both, butchered.”
“Jezus!”
“Well, it’s the truth. And, don’t take the Lords name in vain honey.”
Seriously, thought Lina wryly. “Sorry mom. Go on.”
“I didn’t know what to expect when we got back together, and it took me a long time to get over leaving Costas, but…things have really worked out for the better I think.”
“Yeah?”
“Yep. I’m here with you and daddy, and Costas has found someone new, albeit faster than I’d anticipated, but, it’s great! We’re all great.” Her mother’s gaze grew hard.
“Mom?”
“Hmm?”
“You’re happy here, I know you are, so what’s with the face?”
“What face?”
“Ah, that one,” Lina pointed.
“I feel guilty,” she unloaded, one red nail between her sharp teeth.
“You haven’t done anything wrong.”
“I haven’t done much right either.”
“You do everything right mom. You help everyone. You cook for everyone. You never think of yourself ever. It’s time you start.”
“Think?” asked Constance, biting her red-stained lip. They were so similar the two of them, not in looks but in mannerisms.
“I know.”
“You’re probably right. It’s just…”
“What?”
“Evaline.” Constance’ face grew furious, her lenses illuminated to a shade of neon green. Lina had never seen her mother look that way before. Despite an occasional flair up she was a fairly calm, regulated person, flaky at times and whimsical, but solid just the same. To see her this bothered was a bit disarming for Lina.
“Whatever made you think of her?”
“Your step-dad.”
“What about him?” Lina and Costas hadn’t been close, and his circumstances never interested her. They interested her even less now that he and Lina’s mom were separated. She had only tolerated him, and that was the extent of it. For a moment she thought of the day he found her in her room, crying over the situation between her and Jaime. That trip home to Chicago felt like a decade ago to her now. She had felt, at the time, a minimal amount of compassion in Costas’ treatment. It still didn’t mean she had to like him. Lina got back to her mom.
“Apparently he’s taken a liking to Evaline’s food, and company.”
“Yeah right,” Lina chortled.
Connie remained fixated on an image in her head. She looked as though she’d break a glass plate against the wall. Lina inadvertently shoved the crackled vase full of lilies out of the way.
“Ever since Evaline received news of the wedding, she’s been over there, day and night,” Constance informed her. She tapped her nails against her knee.
“You’re kidding.” It thoroughly un-nerved Lina to think of the red-headed sea hag rummaging around their home. Suddenly she felt more than perturbed, she was downright pissed off. Evaline avoids coming to their house for years, but the second Lina and Constance are out of there she swoops in.
“I spoke to Cos briefly before we left for our trip. He said she was being so helpful, and even though she’d kind of worn out her welcome, he didn’t have the heart to kick her out. I can’t imagine what Ryan must be going through. Evaline’s always made her family’s life difficult, but abandoning her own husband, to hang out with mine!”
“Evaline and Ryan MacLeod have had problems for year’s mom. Just ask Jane or Jaime, they’ll tell you. And Costas is your ex-husband.”
“Not yet.”
“He knows this is complicated for you, after thinking dad was dead. It’s a crappy situation, and it’s messy no matter how you look at it, but you and I both know that this is what you want. Costas came in at a time when you really needed someone, and that’s great, but...”
“The heart wants what the heart wants,” her mom finished.
“Yep. Who Costas chooses to spend his time with is, his business.”
Her mom gave her a rotten look. “There’s more to it, I can feel it.”
“You had her pegged mom. I’m not disagreeing. What do you think she’s up to?”
“That’s what I’d like to know.”
“Don’t let her get to you. She’s just mad that her kids left her, and instead of figuring out why they might do that she’s trying to yank information from Costas. Lucky for us, he doesn’t know anything.”
“That’s the point. He’s hurting Li, and maybe it isn’t only Evaline seeking answers, but Costas as well.”
“What is it he needs to know? You went back there right?”
“Yes.”
“You guys had a heart to heart, and you explained the situation, unbelievable as it was?”
“Yes it went like this, ‘Hey guess what, you know my first husband, Lina’s father who we thought died, well, he’s actually not dead. He’s just been missing in Egypt all these years.’”
“Do you think he believed you?”
Her mom had to think about that. “I honestly don’t know. If it were me, and he was telling me a whopper like that, I wouldn’t!”
“It’s not a big deal. The two of them are trying to piece their own stories together for some clarity and closure. Let them.”
“She’s bad news Lina. I know about the twins. Your father told me about their ties to the Black Wolves.”
“Mom,” she sighed, taking Constance’ hand in hers. “Stop, you don’t have anything to worry about.”
“I don’t know Li-li. I have this, just, terrible sick feeling inside, like something is going to happen, maybe not now, but someday.”
This side of her mother always terrified Lina as a little girl. Like Will’s mother Helsha, Connie had an insight into the world. She wasn’t in any way shape or form an oracle, and her psychic skill was rudimentary at best, but something also told Lina that if given half a chance, Constance could be a force to reckon with. She also had a feeling that her mother’s newfound immortality just might awaken her dormant gifts. Constance already had no issues seeing through people straight to their souls, and knew if their intentions were of light, or of evil. Lina moved a few dark curls away from her mother’s fair white skin. It sparkled and jumped the moment she touched it. Constance released her fangs unwillingly. She quickly covered her mouth in shame.
“Oh honey, I’m so sorry I did that! What is wrong with me?”
“Nothing, nothing at all is wrong with you. It’s only touching mom. It happens to us all. You’re hungry remember.”
“I guess so. Your father and I didn’t feed much while we were away.”
“Uh-huh, too busy were ya?” Lina teased her in a faux Irish accent, raising her brows up and down.
“Stop that!” Constance stood, and began making her way to the front room. “I think I’ll go find him and grab a bite. Thanks for listening baby. You really are my best friend.”
“No problem. Have a good evening.”
“You too. Send love to my grandbabies in there.”
“I’m glad to see one of you is warming to the idea,” Lina remarked drolly.
“Your father and uncle will come around. It’s just going to take time sweetie. Keep my angels safe.”
Keep them safe, she thought to herself when she was finally alone. How could she do that? How could Lina keep her babies from harm’s way when she couldn’t hear them, and could barely feel them? There was no ultrasound machine in the world that could find them, to give her peace of mind. She was winging it. She’d told everyone that she carried two, and that they felt and sounded male, but how could she be certain? If only they would speak to her. If only they would grow and move. It didn’t make sense, she should appear at the very least, six months by now. Lyon and Isis said that immortal births, even ones procured by magic, lasted in duration a month, two at most. So from start to finish, like a time lapse, an immortal would go from zero to sixty physically, then deliver, and then return to their natural state. True they only had their own experiences to go by, as Ash, Khan, Tristen, and Antony were the only known immortal children to walk the earth. Aikos and Aa-Hana were immortal yes, but because of the earthly makeup of the wolves and of the cat guardians, their blood would always run warm, their hearts gifted with true beat, and they would always have the ability to blend seamlessly with the race of man. Nevertheless, their existence should have at least given Lina some sort of hope that she could expect the same outcome for her children. It didn’t though.
Why did she have to be so damn different? It was as if the universe was punishing her for being her. Half Blood God, half Wolf God, half human, and no real sense of control over any part. Sure she’d regained her powers and abilities since the Netherworld, but it was her human side that she struggled with most. If she shifted into her wolf form, her ligaments were so strained that she would cry out in agonizing pain. If she hunted, the taste of an animal’s blood was far too metallic, almost sour, like it had gone bad the moment she exposed the throat. Even her bedroom, which normally smelled of heavenly bouquets, cologne and aftershave, occasionally held a rancid scent. She didn’t think she was going crazy. It would pop up at random times and once it happened while she, Will and Jaime were making love. It stopped her cold, and she tried to regain her composure, but it had made her so violently ill that she’d shot straight for the bathroom. Will and Jaime hadn’t taken offense, assuming it was her hormones. She didn’t ever let on that it was something else entirely.
Could it be as she’d feared? Was Herocles slowly torturing her? Had he stationed himself on the outside of her reality, in order to drive her mad? Or was this simply part of her strange pregnancy? Was she being paranoid? Who knew? It was too much to really handle on top of all her other responsibilities. She could hide in her chambers but if they continued to feel breached, she’d soon have no place else to go. Lina caressed her stomach and gave it a little nudge, hoping to rouse the dreaming babies inside. She thought about Isis’ spell too. She’d never seen it, not in actuality, and she hadn’t used it to help Etienne and Aeolian. It hadn’t bothered her so much at the time, that she’d merely called out a few words and more or less felt her way through the magic she’d bestowed her friends. Lina assumed it was because her powers were new, that her ability to give her friends what they wanted was luck. But now, with herself, things felt so utterly different. She knew it was impossible that she’d conceived naturally, but there was such strong evidence to back the theory as well. Lina had felt it, felt the connection, the very instant it happened. It was her wedding night, and a few hours later, she could remember laying at the foot of the bed, watching Will and Jaime sleep. As she was smiling at them and feeling joy in her heart, a tiny flutter, no more than the rush of a butterfly’s wing, swept up from her womb. It had been brief, but substantial. Lina had rushed to the library that instant, in search of the Book of the Dead. She began pouring through it to find anything related to her predicament, but the pages which she knew contained Isis’ spell, were missing. Ahkmenotep had found Lina there, among the relics. He’d rose an enquiring brow at her, but made no issue of her trespassing. And now they were all curious about her pregnancy, sparked no doubt by the professor. She realized the moment they locked eyes, he assumed she’d found the spell and performed it on herself. Admittedly, it had been her plan, only she hadn’t gotten that far...before Will, before Jaime. Lina couldn’t give any of them any answers. She had none herself. She couldn’t sense them, her own children, but something felt different, something had changed. The only indication that they were even inside her was the consummation of her marriage, and the flicker of life that came with a whisper then disappeared. Maybe Helsha was mistaken. It was terrible to think it had all been a dream. No, they were there. They had to be. They had to be because Lina wanted them too much.
“Wake up won’t you? Let me know you’re alright?” she asked in tenderness, barely able to stand the response, should one come. They hadn’t moved, not so much as a whirl to simply let her know they thrived. Were they dead in there? Lina shivered and shook her head, desperate to rid her mind of the thought.


8. High Stakes
Lina began to hear whispering. It wasn’t coming from inside her as she’d hope, but outside. It faded into the background of the night, and would then shoot across the veranda, as if it were being thrown. She couldn’t quite make out the words but was certain it was some verse. And then she realized it was one she knew, quite well. Her chest caved and she was locked where she stood, unable to move. The voice grew closer, more distinct, the vibrations of the steps all too dreadfully familiar.
“...through me you enter into the city of woes, through me you enter into eternal pain, through me you enter the population of loss…abandon all hope, you who enter here.”
Only one would recite such a line from Dante’s Inferno. Lina spun so fast her head nearly snapped, her chest pounding against her ears, her tiny but powerful fists balled, ready to strike. She heaved, her silver eyes white with shock then fury. It hadn’t occurred to her to scream, to call for help. It would do no good here. She stood her vital ground, lips receded, her fangs dropped. If she’d had a sword it would’ve been aptly drawn, pointed straight for Herocles’ exposed jugular. He moved sinuously across the lanai, his face still in shadow beyond the flowing curtains. Lina was so afraid that Will and Jaime would suddenly come back to find this monster in their bedroom, with her. Stay away, she thought. She took a breath to steady her resolve, and watched as her former captor made his appearance. He was clothed in a suit and tie, satin black with black shoes, his shoulder-length brown hair combed, and behind his ear on one side. He cocked his head innocuously as he moved toward her. He paused near the bed, giving it a nonchalant once-over, before leaning against its post, his feet crossed at the floor. His expression was telling, beyond the artifice beauty she knew he’d stolen. What poor wretch had given their life for Herocles to so selfishly consume?
“A boy, no one of consequence. I happened upon him in Rome. I believe that might have been his first photo shoot. He should thank me. A contemptible industry,” he proclaimed. “He would have had five years, ten on the outset, before they put him out to pasture. I could give you a glimpse of his pathetic life, if you don’t believe me,” he gleamed, raising an index to his temple. “Back seat trysts with balding, horny politicians. Eating scraps from his latest dumpster dive.” Lina was sickened.
“Get out!”
“So venomous.”
“I mean it, leave, now.”
“I don’t think so. We have business, you and I.”
“We have nothing,” she snarled, still keeping her defense up. Herocles observed her fists derisively.
“Going to knock me with a bolt of lightning from your…little paws?” he crowed hysterically, eluding to his stalking her in the woods at night, where she attempted to shift. It killed her to know she’d been right all along. He had been watching.
Lina steadied her breathing, lowered her hands, and took a step forward. She took note of his slight flinch and it made her beam inside. That’s right, she thought, you should cower from me. He moved closer as well, the corner of his lip raised. He was mocking her. He could hear every thought. He was the one person she couldn’t block. Damn him.
I cower from no one, he sent to her, with flames in his eyes.
Lina took the hit to her ego well on the chin. “You can’t just take lives Herocles. How many must suffer?”
He brought down his manicured nail and examined it, rolling an eye in indifference. “However many it takes.”
“What do you want?”
“I’m seeking revenge love.”
“I spared you,” she keenly reminded him of her former generosity. She owed him nothing, least of all her goodwill. What quarrel would he still have with her?
Herocles stood erectly, his inner presence disclosing image after image of their past together. They were things Lina had wished to forget, and almost had until that moment. When finished he flashed her a wicked grin.
She aptly rebuffed. “Get serious!”
“Well then,” he crooned, “I’ll be digging two graves, one for you, and one for myself.”
Lina felt a knot build inside her. It moved from the pit of her stomach into the crook of her esophagus. She remained poised, defiant as she rolled out the tension in her back. “Get on with it then!” Herocles glared at her as if he would slap her right across the face. For a moment his countenance shifted, revealing the great beast inside. Lina remembered it as well, the man-bull with the wide-spread horns, the dragon’s face and the smoke from his long snout, and the long red split serpent’s tongue. While she did fear him and his intentions, she had to be strong and so she closed her mind off to the memory. Herocles took note of her composure, and reflection. He too, poised himself.
“Have it your way dear. I prefer the slow build of death anyway.”
“There’s no romance in that. Doesn’t seem your style,” she remarked coolly, in order to rouse his anger. He groaned impatiently, again glancing at her marital bed. He couldn’t resist the temptation to speak on it, which she knew. She braced herself for the coming onslaught.
“How is married life Lina?” he asked, acting only mildly interested, while deliberately ignoring her efforts to spar with him seriously. She distinctly saw him take a sniff, and then she felt so utterly violated.
“You know very well how it is. You’ve done nothing but lurk around here since your arrival. I may not be able to see you, but I know when you’re there.”
“Yes,” he agreed. Herocles made a move for the canopy, peeling back the curtain, and taking a seat on her most sacred space. She couldn’t stand it, and was ready to bolt for him that instant. How dare he defile their quiet refuge, their nest? She squared her shoulders once more. He watched her intently, sliding his rage-full hands over the fine linen she’d just replaced. He was goading her. She hissed at him, dashing to smack his hand away. His nails were so long she knew one swipe, and he’d tear into the lacy duvet.
“Stop!”
“Still haven’t told anyone have you?” he asked, his face inches from hers as she smoothed down the comforter, and shoved him off with her elbow. He caught it in his blazing hand but as soon as she struggled he released her. It surprised Lina, and she didn’t like being caught off guard. She quickly slipped away, back to the center of the room, where she could cover him from all sides.
“I’m waiting,” she lied, knowing she’d no plans to ever tell the coven. Herocles would be destroyed by her hands well before it was ever necessary to inform them.
“What might you be waiting for?”
“When I’m certain of your angle, I’ll tell them,” she replied.
“Now that, isn’t your style,” he accused, as he sauntered toward her, unbuttoning his jacket and loosening his tie. “From what I remember, you are a woman of action.”
“Unless you can also become invisible, you better get out!” she ordered him, though he clearly was going nowhere at the moment. Herocles chuckled, and planted himself over the edge of one of her fine ivory couches. She suddenly desired gasoline and a match. He glanced at the fireplace, and with a flash of his eyes the flames came alive.
“Will those do?” he queried facetiously.
“If you would only step inside them,” she retorted beneath her breath. He clicked his tongue at her.
“No one will visit you at least for the time being, I’ve made certain of it. You can relax, and you should, in your condition,” he told her, his vibrant, borrowed blue eyes aglow. “Please,” he entreated, lifting one long hand to the adjoining couch.
“I’d rather stand,” she told him firmly.
“You’re tired; sit now before you harm those unborn children.”
She was exhausted but more mentally than physically. She didn’t want to give in. She didn’t want to abide by anything Herocles said or suggested. She hated him. She hated everything about him. He’d nearly ruined her life. She wanted to kill him, to choke the very last breath right out of him till his eyes crumpled to dust, and his heart took its last beat in her hands. Lina haughtily raised her head and moved to the sofa. After placing a small accent pillow at her back, and putting her hands over her lap she finally addressed him.
“You seek an arrangement. I’m listening.”
He gaped at her, truly he was inspired. “You’ve thought this out, haven’t you?”
“I don’t have time to play with you Herocles. We’ve established that you remember my mercy. Let’s get one more thing straight.” He rose a fascinated brow. “I won’t be so forgiving this go round.”
“Riveting.”
“Don’t patronize me. I’m offering a compromise. Take it, and you may find neutral ground. Don’t take it, and you will see me excise my full power. I’ve had plenty of time to adjust its frequency and I think you’ll be more than surprised,” she forewarned him.
“Immortality agrees with you Lina. I admit, I am enticed.”
“Great for you! Do we have an agreement, or not?”
He mulled that over before crossing his legs, bringing his palms together. “Very well. I propose this: join me for an unspecified amount of time, so that we can finish what we started...”
Lina gasped even before he was through. “NO! Why would I go anywhere with you? Are you insane?” She didn’t need a response to that. He was a manipulator in every sense of the word. He was a sociopath—author of the guidebook for crazy. Anyone who would give up Utopia for the maggot-infested-demon-bath of Necros, had to be.
Herocles reflected on her response with a small measure of disappointment. He put his full lips together, then blew them out hard. “As I was saying, you come with me, and when we’ve finished, I’ll give you back. No harm shall come to any you love.”
“Been there, done that, sorry. No!” she riled again.
“It’s either that or the alternative Lina.”
“You can’t threaten me Herocles. I’m no longer lost, as you can see. You are in my home. Hell, you are in my world. You don’t have the same power over me as you did once.”
“Perhaps not, but I do have power over them,” he gestured to her coven, to her loves, and finally to the small seeds she hoped were growing in her belly.
“Why?” she asked, shaking her head. “Why would you harm them?” Lina was careful not to acknowledge the, them she was referring to. She didn’t want to draw his attention to her most precious, if it wasn’t already obvious.
“You would drive me to it, and you have to ask?”
“You’re sick. You need help if you think I would ever do this.”
“You wanted me once. Those may as well be my sons growing in there.”
“But they’re not. Your children, are dead!” she shouted coldly at him. Lina could still smell the rush of his daughters’ black blood spilling over the ground as she took their lives. She licked her lips at the sweet remembrance, and suddenly she felt hungry for more. Herocles stood over her but she didn’t recoil.
“We’ve both taken from one another.”
“So it should end here.”
“But it can’t,” he argued.
“What more can you possibly do to me, that hasn’t been done already?” she asked. His posture had become somewhat mangled, and it did terrify her, but she had to show strength now, more than she probably had inside her.
“I can make you suffer as I’ve suffered. I almost broke you. If my father hadn’t interfered, I would have succeeded in it.”
“And that is why you are incapable of love. You are a sniveling child, a pathetic waste of life!”
“Careful Lina!”
“Why, what are you going to do? Nothing, because you are pitiful. You would make those you so deeply care for, bow at your hooved feet, dine on rotted food, remain trapped in the outer realms, and all for what, because they won’t bow to you, you and your demon rejects!”
Herocles raised his fist back fast, and Lina closed her eyes for the point of impact. It never came, but she felt him so nearer to her, his insides exploding with fury. As she opened her eyes she stood to meet that advance. With her claws bared, and her teeth long and bloody from her tongue, she filled with a surge of power, and energy that enveloped the room. It was a light Herocles had once possessed but had squandered. There in laid his jealously of her. There was the bond that forever sealed them. He once aspired to love her but those that destroy no nothing of true sacrifice. She knew then that he would never make amends as he’d professed. She knew that he would strike her where she stood, if only to release himself from his ample guilt.
“When you’re ready for me, I’ll come, but not to lay in your bed. One day soon I will be holding your life in my hands, and you’ll have one brief second to reflect before I stamp your ass out for good.” Lina clenched her jaw, her last words ringing in her ears.
Herocles leaned in as if he would really strike her but then he disappeared into nothingness, leaving her alone in her room.
She was left clutching her breast, and her belly, a million and a half prayers escaping her lips to any that would listen. What had just happened? How could she let him get a rise out of her like that? It was all he’d ever done, all he was good at. She should have known better, but no, she had sunk to the plundering depths of his level, had degraded herself to the point of vacant threats. Now he would surely spite her, and she finally saw his first attack. In her mind she watched freak accidents starting a few miles from her home, a trail marked by his soiled hands, all the way to the English coast. Herocles would tempt her with his killing spree, hoping it would affect her enough that she would accept his invitation. He was deliberately putting her in a compromising position, not only by provoking human loss, but by forcing her to make a choice: out herself to the coven, or take him on his word. She knew she couldn’t trust him. He would kill impulsively whether she followed suit or not. It was a game of cat and mouse—he expected her to show up, to save precious life, and to engage with him over and over again, at least until he’d has his fill.
For the second time in her pregnancy, she found her lips open over the cold crystal basin of her bathroom. After her nausea passed Lina flushed and staggered to the mirror. She looked like crap. Her cheeks were pale, her eyes red, even her normally plump lips were drawn and thin. She tried to fluff her once pretty hair but even that was pointless. The black waves were stringy and lifeless. She ran her hands along her bare arms, noticing that even her brown skin looked ashen and unhealthy. It made her so angry, that he could do these things to her. She wanted to stop it. She wished she could lock him out of her head. Lina knew he was no longer inside there, but her psyche seemed resigned to the fear. It was as if he was still in possession of her, recurrently dropping snakes, insects and spoiled food about her room, to remind her of his power, and presence. It sickened her, and she felt a rumble inside. She tried to stave off the tingling in her jaw, though the reflexive gag lingered. She had to get out, had to get away from this room. It no longer held the same feeling of passion it had before. She didn’t know how long it would take to get that back but for now, it was the last place she wished to be. Lina quickly doused her face with scalding hot water, trying to give herself some color. She combed out her hair and the action did provide a bit of comfort. After brushing her teeth she gave the room one last glance, before heading out the back. She didn’t want to see anyone, least of all an inquiring coven member, eager to ask her about Will and Jaime, or the pregnancy. Facing anyone at that particular moment would not be good, for her, or for them. Lina flew to the ground below, making the trek through the lower woods. She would walk, run or possibly even shift despite the pain, if it would help appease her soul. The hours ahead had to be reserved for her contemplation. There had to be a reasonable way out of this situation. Lina rubbed her glossy mouth together, feeling a bit more herself. She inhaled the night air, and shot off through the mist.


9. Word is Out
“How’s our baby?” asked Ahmenos, bending to re-tie his boot.
Constance was busy picking twigs and petals from her hair. He grinned at her and she reached to fan his gorgeous face. “I’ve ruined your flowers.”
“I’ll get you more.”
“Good,” she replied. “Lina’s, I don’t know, honestly.” It was a lie. She wondered if, like her, Ahmenos could sense Lina’s retreating into herself again. He’d missed half their daughter’s life, so maybe he didn’t have that parental sense which was inherent in Connie. “She’s, Lina,” Constance shrugged. He gave her a breathtaking smile in the moonlight. Out here in the high mountains was the only truly private place they had, to be together. The mansion was too crowded, spacious as it was. Sharing life with their only child, her two husbands, and the coven, was a little hard for them. Connie often missed their meager, yet charming New York apartment. Ahmenos and took his large hand to her cheek. For once, in their rekindled romance, she really took an honest look at her first husband. War, death, and worry had slightly etched their way across his ageless face, but he was still magnificent. He was every bit the tall, exotic man she’d meant twenty years earlier. His eyes were still that riveting shade of sterling. His mouth set in an uncompromising smirk, just like their daughter. They shared so many traits he and Lina, most prominent being a sarcasm and a wit, which made them neither cocky, nor cruel, only mysterious and utterly devastating. From the moment Ahmenos set his attention to Connie she was hooked. She’d never been so moved in all her life. He had sat that day in the diner, not touching his latte but staring at her, assessing her every insignificant move. Constance felt so self-conscious because of it, but try as she might, she couldn’t take her eyes from his either.
“Could I join you?’ I had said. Remember?” he asked her. She merely lowered her gaze in memory. “I saw you in the street that day. You were wearing a navy blue pea coat.” Ahmenos pressed a hand over his heart, “And your red heels.”
Inside, Connie’s senses had told her to run, but she couldn’t. A need deep within cried out to her. When Ahmenos touched her hand, history flashed between them, showing Constance her entire future, down to the last second. It was so glorious that even the painful bits, the terror, the heartache and the bloodshed were worth it. They left the establishment together, barely assessing the bustling world around them. Straight after her love was struck by a speeding bus, right there in the middle of that blaring city block. Onlookers had shrieked in such horror at the sight. He looked dead. The hospital had been left scratching their heads at his state, but were forced to release him when it was clear he was alright. Constance and Ahmenos began to laugh. She reached up for the little crinkles at the corners of his lashes, working her fingers down the length of his square jaw. What a specimen she thought. Ahmenos kissed her hand.
“We had a good life for a little while,” she said.
“Blues on Sunday afternoons,” he said, leaning on his hand, looking at her.
Constance inhaled and closed her eyes. “I loved having my portraits painted.”
“I remember how much,” he teased her bottom lip. They could get carried away all over again but he knew she was worried about Lina. Ahmenos stood up and then helped her to her feet. “Lina?”
“She’s worried about something. You should have seen her today. It was like—”
“Like when I died.”
Connie’s face fell the moment her husband said those words. “There is a fear in her Ahmenos. I know her.”
“Is it her condition?” he inquired, cringing the moment he spoke, and knowing his wife would argue with him.
“Condition, Meni!”
He took her hands which were already starting to fly. “I didn’t mean it that way.”
Constance rubbed her face and eyes, making certain she wasn’t a mess. “I don’t think it’s her pregnancy, no,” she corrected. “It might be some of it, but there’s more.”
“Connie,” he expelled. “I’m sure it’s nothing.” She tugged his arms and pleaded with him.
“I think you might’ve been right, about her not telling us something. She’s never been this closed off before, ever. I know you’ve missed some years but, she has always been up front with me, told me all her secrets. When I look in her eyes Ahmenos, I see a stranger staring back at me. She’s become so withdrawn, so distant. A woman in her position, should be glowing, happy,” she sniffled, shoving into his chest. “I know I was when we were married.”
“Alright, alright,” he calmed her gently. They rocked there a moment, in silence, until Ahmenos heard footsteps nearby. He gripped Connie tighter before realizing it was Will and Jaime. They came up over the crest of the hill. Both looked as though they’d just come off a run.
“Ahmenos, Constance,” said Will, nodding to Lina’s parents. “We’re on our way back to the house.” Will detected Connie’s apprehensiveness at the mention of her daughter.
“We were just discussing her actually,” offered Ahmenos. Constance begged him not to say anything, but it was too late for that. They all needed answers, and he knew it would be for her own good. Whatever Lina was hiding, whatever was plaguing her, it was serious. Will nodded to him, in complete understanding.
“Will, don’t!” Jaime said, grabbing a hold of his arm. “We swore.”
“Yes, we did. We took an oath, and this is me honoring that,” Will told him.
“You know something, don’t you?” asked Constance. She tapped Ahmenos in the rib. “I told you!”
Will glanced at Jaime, internally reminding him that their job, their first job, was to serve and protect the coven, even if it meant going against their wife’s wishes. Then he approached Ahmenos. “You’ll need a chaser,” he warned.
“Wonderful,” said Ahmenos dryly.
Will ran a nervous hand through his hair. “The reason she’s been so distant…the reason she looks so removed, is because the night my mother came, and told us Lina was pregnant, we had another visitor as well.” They looked confused.
“Just tell em’ man,” groaned Jaime. He folded his arms, hating what they were about to do, and hating worse how it would affect Lina.
“The reason you don’t remember is because Herocles has returned. You were all under his spell, and have been so, night after night since, some stemming from his original presence and the rest, has been Lina, keeping you in the dark.”
“That monster, that devil that took our baby!” Constance became hysterical, her eyes flooding with tears. Ahmenos held her tighter, wishing she were anywhere but with him at that moment. “I knew it,” she whispered at first, and then she really became un-hinged. “I knew something was wrong, I didn’t know what, but…oh my God!”  Ahmenos’ own blood boiled inside him, and there was nowhere for it to go but straight to his eyes. He could taste the poison live in his mouth. Will felt it too, as did Jaime.
He tried hard to collect himself, at least long enough to get his wife home. “We should all get back. The coven needs to know what’s happening.” He felt the tip of his canines protruding, and then he saw the vibration of Jaime’s tense arms, shoulders, and the sudden red glow in his eyes. They had to get Connie home. The three of them had no business being so close to her, not at a time like this.
“We can’t do that. Telling you both was bad enough! If we tell the others Lina will never forgive us,” complained Jaime.
“He’s right,” said Will. “We can’t expose her. What she’s done, she’s done out of necessity, and she would do it again and again, thinking it would keep you all safe. Ahmenos, you know we won’t let anything happen to her. We just, we can’t tell them, not yet.”
“You can’t be serious?” Constance shrieked. “That thing, is out there somewhere, probably trying to hurt her in ways we can’t even imagine, and you want us to stay quiet about it? We should send everyone out to find him and kill him now!” she swiveled in Ahmenos’ arms, to force him to look at her. “Our baby is in trouble.”
“I realize that.”
“Then, do something!”
“I will.”
“Promise me. Promise me that you will go to Anchille, and Isis.” Her lips quivered in the darkness as blood poured from her electric green eyes. He used his shirt to clear her face and then he agreed. “We’ll see you back?”
“You go ahead. Take care of Constance. Jaime and I will go to Lina.” Before the couple disappeared from sight Will sent a thought to Ahmenos.
Give us a little time to figure this out, please Ahmenos, he sent.
Soon Will, soon, after that, they’ll be no choice.
We understand.
William?
Yes.
Don’t underestimate Isis. Even if the coven has been or continues to be under Lina’s spell, it won’t take her long to figure this out. I don’t care to be the one who withheld. Do you?
We’ll take care of it Ahmenos. Trust me.


10. Diversion
“Did you really mean what you said?” asked Jaime. The two of them started walking in the opposite direction of Ahmenos and Constance. They both needed to feed, and would shift back in order to do so.
“Yes.”
Will knew exactly the expression Jaime wore. He didn’t need to look to see it, and he couldn’t give him anymore response than that either. They had to take care of Herocles, and that was that. He didn’t know how they would. He didn’t even know where to start, only that they had to.
“It’s just like Necros all over again, isn’t?” Jaime asked, coming up on Will’s right side.
“No, now we’ll deal with Herocles here.”
“Right, here, on earth,” Jaime expelled. He began disrobing when they reached their preferred hunting ground, a wooded path running parallel to the nearest tarn. They had to be careful, there were farms just a few hundred yards from where they were. Deer were growing scarce now that there were so many wolves. For the most part the young ones partook in human food, but such wasn’t the case for Will and his brothers, or Jaime. That fare was fine, harmless really, more an indulgence, like alcohol, but the men drew their greatest strength from the vein. No one cared for the bagged blood Ahkmenotep kept trying to force down their throats. Jaime joked that soon they’d be relegated to hunting the infamous red squirrels.
“Look, I’m not saying that this is going to easy,” offered Will, shrugging out of his long sleeve and tucking it beneath the trees.
“Got that right.”
“However,” he included, “this is you and I we’re talking about. We cheated death.”
“Will, the only reason you and I are even standing here to tell another tale is because of Atum, who just happens to be Herocles’ father. Who knows what the outcome will be this time around. I mean, I’ve got a son coming, you, you have a son coming, and I just don’t want to…” he couldn’t finish. Jaime reached his arms behind his head and looked up at the moon. It was a cool night, but the air was still too thin. It felt charged.
Will stood behind him. He wanted to put his hand over Jaime’s shoulder but things had been so blurred between them that he didn’t dare. “We have to do what we were put on this earth to do,” he said matter-of-factly, the same way his father would have said to him.
“I don’t know if I know what that is anymore.”
Will frowned in the dark. He felt sorry for Jaime. He himself, had not the time nor the freedom to be lost. Trained for battle and bloodshed thousands of years before, it just wasn’t in him to fail. But Jaime was different. He’d had to learn his mark through trial and error. No one in his family ever gave him the tools to be a true solider—he adapted himself. Now he was about to become a father; it was crushing him, the weight of it all. Will reached for him, and was surprised to find the arm un-flexed. Jaime turned and for all of two seconds they linked their minds together for some peace. Then it was too over stimulating, and they both cackled in the night, immediately shifting where they stood.
Can you imagine if someone had approached just then?
Uh, no, that would’ve been bad, sent Will.
Bad? We would’ve been shot down right then and there. Two naked men, standing alone together.
Yes, and under a full moon, sent Will with an inner chuckle.
Jaime shook out his black fur as if he’d shirked his shoulders in indifference.
Come on, I’m starving, sent Will, rustling Jaime’s head as they shot off to find their meal.

When they’d finished and re-dressed, Will and Jaime made their way to the mansion. They circled the back path in order to reach their quarters on the top floor. Before they could make the high jump to the lit terrace overhead, Lina stepped out from the shadows. Behind her the glass doors to the lower level were vacant. She was alone. Her black hair was freshly curled, falling down to her waist, and she wore a thin white dress which stopped mid-thigh. She’d no shoes on but that wasn’t the strange part. The strange part was that she didn’t immediately come to them. She only leaned against the sandstone column, her silver eyes tasked, her full lips parted in such a way. She was tired, and she was hungry, but there was something more. She looked drained, which left he and Jaime speechless. What had happened to her before she ran, Will wanted to know? They had intended on telling her of Ahmenos and Constance’s discovery, but he knew then, that she had news of her own, by the way she keenly perused the upper hill-line, as though she were searching for something, or someone. Jaime drew in a long breath, coming to the same conclusion and then his heart gave a jump. Lina could barely meet his gaze as she ran a nervous palm over her exposed arm. She carefully pulled down the sleeve and then flashed for them, making no noise at all. Though they were all immortal, Lina had a way about her, a silence that no other possessed. It was hers and hers alone, and it un-nerved many, including her own husbands. She was in their strong arms, maneuvering between them with skill. Her lips met Will’s first, their breath layered together, and then she pulled Jaime closer, kissing his forehead, then his eyes, and lastly his succulent mouth. As his canines dropped she pricked them with her tongue, drawing out his blood with rapture and leaning her own head back in an effort to expose her small neck for him. He looked at Will, confused, but Will encouraged him to feed from her, something neither of them had ever done. 
Can I? he sent to Will, still unsure. Jaime had only ever fed in wolf form. The notion that he could as a man was absurd. 
Bring the fury to your chest, hold it there a moment and then allow your love for her to reach the rest of the way. Your body will know what to do, sent Will. 
Will I hurt her? Will I be able to stop?
You’ve fed. I think it’s safe. Besides, it’s Lina.
I thought it could kill us? Jaime hesitated. Can’t it? he asked her, but she didn’t say anything. She only smiled sexily, bringing her bare legs around his waist. At first Jaime tried not allowing her on him, so intimately like that, but she felt so good. Lina pulled his hair back, tilting his chin to the sky and then sinking her teeth into his neck. Will was behind, bracing them. Lina purred at Jaime’s throat, and then she leaned back, giving a great flex to her legs. Jaime moaned in pleasure and Will pressed him closer to Lina so he would feed too.
Jaime’s blue lenses flashed in the moonlight. He drew back, then down fast to her throat, sinking his teeth into her hard flesh with zealous hunger but still with gentleness. Will kept one firm hand at Jaime’s back and with his other he pulled Lina’s arm up and pressed her wrist to his lips, trailing his tongue over her sweet, smooth skin. He allowed the whole of her pulse to fill his swirling head before he too opened himself to receive. Her blood was strange. It was sweet as well as bitter, cold as it was warm. There were millions of voices inside it, animal kills, and those that weren’t her own. Souls of all their kind sung in a harmony that only Heaven could provide. Her blood was joy, pure, unfiltered peace. She was full of life, all life, living, dead, and all the places in between. Jaime was getting drunk on it. He was desperate to pull away but couldn’t. Before Will blinked she had removed his clothing too, sheltering them in her arms, and in the halo of her hair. They made love, with little attention to the fact that anyone could stumble upon them. It was a steady evolution of give and take, as they lapped her in, so did she of them.

***

Jaime groaned, lifting himself from the cold ground, he raised a hand to his temple and rubbed. “My freaking head is killing me!”
Will lay a few feet away, still naked, he quickly grabbed for his jeans and t-shirt. Jaime had no issue averting his eyes; he continued coddling his throbbing face. Will stood and zipped his pants. He looked around the area and then out to the woods. He moved to the edge of the lot line, and scanned the top of the hill where the cabin would be. Smoke filled the sky, and a few lights could be seen, but he didn’t smell Lina. He couldn’t smell her at all. Son of a bitch!
“What, what are you thinking? You’re blocking me!” said Jaime, irritably but also exhausted. “Her blood! It did something to us,” he stammered, “I can’t hear your thoughts now.”
“It was poison!” Will shouted before taking a healthy swipe to his wet mouth. He had a mind to make himself sick, but he could feel the venomous blood slowly evaporating already. His thoughts were coming more clearly.
“No,” Jaime argued, immediately standing and walking backwards to look up at their bedroom windows. They were pitch black. No sign of life at all. “Dammit!”
“You’ve got to admit, she’s good,” snorted Will. “All that time, thinking her blood could kill those devil dogs, and she probably just rendered them unconscious long enough to get her grip on them!” He leaned back, pulling his arms in preparation and then he leapt for the upper lanai twenty feet above them. He looked down at Jaime who still stood in the grass scratching his head. “Come on! She’s going to Herocles, I can feel it.”
Jaime complained, cussing under his breath while he pulled his pants on. “This feels like the worst hangover I’ve ever had! I think I’d rather her blood have killed me, honestly!” His body felt bruised and his stomach was in knots. “She is the most irrational person I think I’ve ever met, literally, in my entire life!”
“Yep.”
“She does shit to tick me off, just like my freak of a sister!”
“Yeah, well, Lina didn’t do this to get under yours or my skin. She did this because she’s been backed into a corner. She doesn’t feel she has a choice.”
“That’s the problem. What happens when you back a wolf into a confined space, if you deprive them of their pack?”
“They will lash out, even if it means their death.”
“Uh-huh, because that’s their only option. They need to survive.”
“Jaime, Lina is powerful. She can take care of herself,” said Will, shaking off the last of his swoon. 
“Really? She’s done great with her gift so far. Need I remind you of the beheading?” Will glared at him.
“What Herocles did to us was not her fault.”
“She runs off half-cocked, like she doesn’t have the sense God gave her, and you expect me to think otherwise? Have you been watching this entire time, or are you new here?”
Will grumbled, knowing Jaime was right but also knowing it was moot. “Do you want to re-hash the past or do you want to finish this once and for all?” asked Will. Jaime cleared his throat, swung his arms, and jumped.
“You know I’m right,” Jaime mumbled as he headed for the bathroom to wash his face and hands. The metallic taste of her blood in his mouth was making him ill.
“I didn’t say you weren’t, but I don’t think you should be as hard on her as you are. He had to have gotten to her, he had to have made it impossible for her to stay. Herocles isn’t one to deliver idle threats. He makes his moves with a cunning I’ve never seen in all my years. He has some hold over her. Look how easy it was for him to get to her on the island.”
“That’s what I’m getting at. Why would she go running straight to him?”
“She has her reasons, I’m positive of that.”
“Glad one of us is,” Jaime said, re-hanging the towel and staring at himself in the mirror. His tan was fading, and he was even pissed about that. Could he blame that on Lina too, he wondered?
“No, you can’t,” Will said evenly from the sitting room.
Jaime leaned into the glass as far as he could. He looked older. 
“It’s stress, that’s all,” he muttered to himself, obsessing over what he thought were lines. He was still hot, right? Jaime laughed at himself, pulling his long hair back into a ponytail. “I’m stealing a rubber band from our damn wife!”
“Good for you.”
Jaime gave himself a new once over, and then he flexed. “Shiiit, who doesn’t love a blond with dimples?”
“Me, I don’t love that!” gurgled Will from the bedroom.
“Zip it!”
“Quit staring at yourself and get out here!”
Jaime sighed, puffing out his mouth which was half battered from Lina’s succubus kisses.
“She’s a tad nuts you realize, like for real, bat shit crazy,” said Jaime shutting off the bathroom light. He muttered under his breath about other girlfriends he’d had in Chicago that weren’t a quarter of the trouble Lina was.
“You wouldn’t be happy settling down with women like that and you know it. You’d be bored to tears,” Will told him after pilfering Jaime’s private thoughts.
Jaime rubbed his sore neck. He took a heavy seat on the couch near the fireplace. “You’re probably right.”
“I know I am.”
“I could use a drink,” he said. Jaime rolled and extended his arms along the head of the sofa. He smelled something different. It was oaky at first, which he definitely recognized as he and Will, but there was another odor, behind it, masked almost. Jaime sniffed. Will watched him hard, his ochre eyes beginning to change to a bright citrine. “Mother—f!” Jaime snarled, shooting to his feet and leaping for the fireplace. He reached into the logs, feeling the waning warmth and then he smelled it: rot. The stench of death rising in the fumes.
“He was here,” said Will, while Jaime rifled through the soot, growling.
Jaime and Will flashed about the room, grabbing anything they could get their hands on and smelling them. Jaime went to their long walk-in closet which he thought was excessive and ridiculous.
“Freaking museum,” he lamented. He blazed down Lina’s aisle, snatching her clothes and bringing each article to his nose. “Ahh,” he sighed, holding one of her blouses to his nose. It all smelled like her, a mix of flowers and rain, and the woods. “Jeez.” His throat pinched but he quickly stifled it. Will went through their drawers, the armoire, the end tables, even the office desks in the parlor. He came back into the bedroom.
“He was only in here,” Will said, walking slower now. They stood together in the center of the room, scanning for any nook or cranny they might have missed. When their eyes zeroed in on the canopy there was profound silence apart from the hot blood rushing in their burning veins. Jaime began making his way toward the bed with Will close behind. As they drew nearer, the pungent smell of decay became stronger. Jaime remembered the stench of Herocles’ domain in the Netherworld. He vividly recalled the burning flesh amid the screams, and the reek of spoiled food and animal skins. Will halted near the closest post, almost terrified to pull back the sheer curtain. Jaime did it for him and they were bombarded by not only the smell but the sounds of Necros as well. It filled their heads like the shrieking of those soulless devils he harbored there. Will backed away, aiming to pull Jaime with him and Jaime only threw him off, slowly lowering himself to the raised comforter. An impression of someone had been left on its edge. It was male. Jaime ran his hand and his nose along the side, and then he stopped. He was frozen in place. Will reached for him and Jaime snatched his hand, drawing it directly to the spot.
He pointed. “It’s her, right there.”
“No,” argued Will.
“Smell it,” Jaime ordered him. His blue eyes had turned so violent red they were almost black.
“It doesn’t mean what you think,” Will fought him off, in order to get away from the place.
“No? What does it mean Will?” asked Jaime in a biting tone.
“She wouldn’t. She didn’t.” Will went to the couch solemnly. He sat down, bringing his hands to his face and leaning his head back. He sensed Jaime had followed, and that he was now opposite him, waiting. “What do you want me to say?” Will muttered beneath his hands.
“Nothing, there is nothing to say. She was here though, with him Will, and then, outside with us...”
“I don’t believe that happened. I know her. She’s stronger than him Jaime. It doesn’t matter what he’s done to her or how he manipulates her. She will never submit!”
“There’s your proof!”
“How dare you!” Will rose, forcing Jaime to meet him. “She’s your wife. She’s your entire universe, the very reason you exist. She carries your unborn child inside her. She saved you, time and time again, despite your treatment of her, and still, still you mistrust?!”
Jaime held his palms over his ears as if he couldn’t stand to hear more. That’s when Will understood. His very sanity was being put to the test and he needed Will’s reassurance that everything was going to be alright. He took Jaime up by the shoulders and saw the tears in his eyes.
“He hurt her, I know he did Will, or he’s going to,” said Jaime. Will covered his mouth. “What are we going to do?”
“What we have to.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I think we have to involve the coven. He’s obviously been torturing her. He’s able to come and go as he pleases without our knowledge. He wants something more from her, something that she isn’t able to give. He’s using that against her.” Will thought for a second. “We need to get to Isis.”


11. Isis Departs
Will and Jaime left their quarters in haste, despising the state of things, but not having a moment to spare in order to fix it. Their entire lives had been infiltrated, corrupted, and the only thing on either of their minds was Herocles. Will desired nothing more than to have that bastard’s black heart in his hands. He owed him that much after Necros, and Jaime didn’t need to speak to let him know he felt the same. They locked the door behind them in order to keep anyone from going in. Who knew if they’d catch Herocles’ scent inside or not, but they couldn’t take that chance. They headed for the dimly lit corridor, down the right staircase, and past the life-size painting of Menaan. In the foyer, they stopped to listen for Isis. Jaime’s ears pricked toward the parlor, Will’s to the ballroom and then to the farthest end, where he picked up voices in the kitchen. It wasn’t Lina. Jaime came to Will’s side to listen as well.
“Tristen and Antony?”
“Yes,” said Will, and they started for the hall beneath the triple staircase.

“Where are you skulking off to?” a voice startled them.
Jaime spun. Camouflaged in the dark, they met Avati’s icy stare. She was seated neatly in a black leather chaise, boots propped to the side, nose in a magazine. She lowered it a quarter inch and eyed them speculatively. Will took hold of Jaime’s arm.
“Nowhere, looking for Lina,” he told her, careful to keep his mind free. He could hear Jaime’s heart practically pounding out of his chest. Avati placed the copy of Italian Vogue on the end table.
“I’ve not seen her, all day actually,” she admitted, narrowing a bit as if she were probing them for the answer to some question they weren’t prepared to give.
“We’ll look elsewhere,” explained Will, gently coaxing Jaime away. Avati didn’t take her attention from them until they disappeared.
Outside Jaime leaned over the stone case, gathering what breath he could. “Holy shit. We’re not gonna make it out of here without someone finding out. Where the hell could Isis be?”
“I don’t know, but we have to find her before she finds Lina.”
“We don’t even know where she is. There wasn’t anything in the room, no notes, no clues, nothing. She doesn’t want us to find her Will. She’s made that damn obvious!”
“I realize that,” Will snapped. He quickly apologized and Jaime accepted.
“Someone’s coming,” he said, nodding out to the sandstone obelisks which marked the beginning of the winding drive. Will zeroed in with proficiency, taking note of two bodies in the car. He recognized the lanky twin-like forms, the raven black hair, the ghostly expressions.
“Isis and Anchille.”
“What do we do? We’re not telling him, are we?”
“No,” said Will, taking a seat on the stairs. He encouraged Jaime to do the same, to behave naturally.
“Do we tell them the same thing, that we’re looking for Lina? Won’t it seem odd to them that we don’t even know where our wife is?”
“Isis will think our entire behavior is odd Jaime. Try to relax please.”
“Okay,” he said, giving himself a healthy shake as the sleek sports car made the long turn over the cobblestone, parking at an angle near the others. Anchille got out first, coming round to assist Isis. She took his hand, almost unsteadily, and then Will stood fast.
“What’s wrong with her?” asked Jaime. Will didn’t answer. He only watched his former queen’s lethargic movements, and the way she depended on her mate. Anchille walked with her, and as they made their way up the first flight, Will really took note of Isis’ weary expression. Her cocoa skin was ashen, her grey eyes dull, her high cheekbones even more defined, and her lips dry. Anchille gave Will the most dreadful, pleading look.
“Hello.”
Even Isis’ voice, once so imposing, was muted, cloaked by what Will believed to be illness. But why would Isis be ill, or rather, how? She was five thousand years old, and quite literally, the strongest immortal on earth, with few carrying close titles. Lina had only just taken her place in the lead, but Isis was still powerful, or at least…she used to be.
“I need to get her into our chambers Will,” Anchille told him, still with that burning expression. It was a look Will knew well, and hadn’t ever wanted to see again. He could feel the stinging behind his own eyes as he reached his hand out to her. Isis looked at his palm, and then, without further hesitation, she accepted.
“Does anyone else know Anchille?” Will asked him, as he helped support Isis, with Jaime next to him and Anchille on the other side. They worked their way slowly to the glass doors.
“No, and she would prefer it to stay that way, for now.”
Jaime glanced at Will briefly before averting his attention back to the doors, and he quickly opened them both to allow the others to pass. He trailed behind then, horrified at how awful Isis looked, and racking his brain trying to figure out how she could look so frail, so broken.
They came upon Avati once more, but this time, the tiny vampire was standing, her olive toned face suddenly blanched at the sight. She too followed behind, with Jaime at her side. No one said anything as they made their way down the right hall. At the end was a large arced door with the Eye of Isis embossed in gold. Anchille reached for the handle but didn’t turn it, he merely opened his palm and the heavy wood gave way. After that they headed down another iron staircase, which wound several stories into his and Isis’ private underground chambers. Anchille and Will walked her, not to the king sized bed, but to the far right where there were two stone tombs. Between them and all around were torches, Avati closed her eyes and they ignited. She and Jaime then moved the top of one of the tombs off, setting the heavy slab against the nearby wall. Jaime glanced around the suite, which looked more like a crypt found below the pyramids of Egypt. There were canopic jars lined up on a sill behind the tombs. A podium held a thick book stitched in gold. Beyond the bed there was a long wooden table, on it were two black ivory figurines, one of Isis he thought, and the other, Anchille? Jaime continued observing while Anchille prepared to hoist Isis inside. Before she laid down Isis looked to Will and Jaime. Her gaze was a bit livelier than it had been previously, but they assumed it was due to her need for peace. For a woman of her stature she looked very small, and very young. Anchille, who was as tall as she, at six feet, held her waist as he would a child. His thoughts were swirling, and he was having difficulty not breaking down. Isis drew in an unsteady breath.
“I know what you needed to tell me,” she said. Will and Jaime gaped at her. “She’s made it impossible,” she started, but then she had to catch herself.
“Darling, please, rest now,” begged Anchille. She turned her head and it wobbled as though it would come completely off. Anchille’s eyes filled with tears.
“Don’t cry husband, I’m not dead, yet,” she assured him with her own waning quirkiness. Avati took Jaime’s hand and he wrapped his other arm around her small shoulders. Her light, which had been bright the last ten minutes of Isis’ arrival home, was beginning to flicker, like it would go out for good. Jaime squeezed her.
“William?” said Isis.
“Yes?”
“Lina did what she thought was right,” she informed him. “She has no idea how to finish this though, and I am too weak now, to help her.”
“We can handle it Isis,” he told her, and then he knelt down on one knee. Jaime looked down at Avati and then he did the same. Isis placed her hand over their heads, her breathing becoming more and more labored.
“You’ll have to use all of your resources, all of powers, everything that you possess inside you, you understand?”
“Yes.”
“Do not allow her to undertake this alone. She must be brought back here before, if not…”
“Isis,” Anchille growled a little in impatience.
“Everyone is needed. We don’t know where Herocles will show up, or what he will do. Protect her life, and the lives of your children. Then, you must do what you were born to do.”
“You have our word.”
“Good,” she sighed, returning to take Anchille’s hand. She lifted herself into the sarcophagus. When she’d finally lain down, Avati covered her body with a red velvet duvet. She leaned in, in order to kiss Isis’ lips. Will and Jaime stood and went to the edge to look at her one last time before their own journey began. Inside the stone tomb, Isis’ silver eyes turned white. She looked more and more like the statue of herself, which he knew was still buried beneath Mortuary Temple near Karnak. It was disturbing but he had to remain solid, not only for her, but for Anchille and the others. She worked to raise the corner of her lip. “I’ll be watching over you. Look for my signs, listen for my thoughts.”
“Get rest, we’ll send word to Anchille, when we’ve found her, or him, whichever comes first,” Will promised. He prayed it would be Lina.
“Goodbye,” she whispered. Isis closed her eyes. Anchille bent down to kiss her head before the four of them returned the slab to its place. They took a moment of silence, for Isis, and for the hours and days ahead of them. It was late, after midnight, but they knew it was time. Anchille would gather Ashmolean and Khan before meeting with the coven. He had to explain their mother’s need for rest. He couldn’t know for certain how long she might be down, or if she would even rise again. Will took Anchille’s arm and after a brief moment they parted.


12. Breach
In the white parlor they began quietly discussing their next move. Avati felt they should inform the entire council, but Anchille and Will disagreed. Immediate family only, and that was enough for the time being. They sent for the others, all but Lydas and Sitre. They weren’t due back from Lycion’s kingdom until the following week, but Will had already made the call, summoning them sooner. They would arrive in London tomorrow at nine in the morning and from there, they would fly via helicopter to the estate in Cumbria.
“I’ve spoken to Sean. He and his wife have been on holiday these past few weeks, but he is happy to help, and will take good care of Lydas and Sitre, and of us, should we need.”
“Have you heard from Ahnri? Are he and Marija still away as well?” asked Ahmenos.
“I’m afraid so. When things calmed here after the wedding, they took the opportunity to be alone together. I haven’t been able to reach them. I’ll try again,” said Anchille. “Ahkmenotep is gathering a few things from his study and will be joining us soon. Lyon and Etienne are—”
“Already here,” said Lyon, escorting his wife and son Tristan, who instantly took a seat near Avati. She smiled at him and the young man gave her a little wink. Jaime couldn’t help but notice that she blushed. Had anyone else seen that, he wondered?
Never mind, sent Will to him privately. Jaime grimaced.
She’s old enough to be his mother.
Will ignored his comments. The harmless flirtation between Avati and Tristan wasn’t his concern. He focused his attention to the entryway where the rest of his pack, Thomas, Charles, and their mates arrived. “Thank you for coming,” Will addressed everyone.
Aeimil and Aeron went to him right away, leaving Omri, Khala, and Isha behind with Thomas and Charles. “It has to be bad,” Aeimil motioned to his brother, “our cousin’s got that look, you know, business face Will.” The boy’s hair was still disheveled as always but at least he’d gotten his weekly bath. Jaime and Khala laughed momentarily at Will’s thought.
“Anchille?” called Vittorio, with Aeolian in tow. “We’ve left Ash and Khan in charge of Antony upstairs.” From the look on the two Italian vampires’ faces, it was apparent that they had heard of Isis. Ash and Khan had taken it pretty hard, and Will quickly left Aeolian’s thoughts, not wanting to see more of their exchange.
“We thought it best, I can’t imagine this is more good news you bring,” said Aeolian as she sat down next to Etienne. Ahkmenotep was the last to arrive, and he was carting so many books and papers that Aeron jumped to his aid. They came to the center table and unloaded.
“What’s all that?” asked Aeimil, leaning forward to snatch up a bronzed scroll. Ahkmenotep smacked his grubby hand away. Will wrinkled his nose. Perhaps he wasn’t so clean after all.
“Don’t touch that! It’s older than Isis herself!” he hissed at the kid.
“Sorry,” coughed Aeimil, leaning back and away as far as he could go. Khala took his fingers in hers and soothed his ego.
“Oh, oh forgive me Aeimil. I didn’t mean to shout at you my boy.”
Aeimil snuffed and rubbed his nose. “No big deal.”
After Ahkmenotep had righted his things, and squared his spectacles, he too, took a seat next to Will and Anchille on the opposite set of couches. Etienne rubbed her white hands together and Avati quickly built up the fireplace with her mind.
“Merci,” said Etienne in gratitude. “My blood is running so cold these days.” Everyone gawked at her. A few of them snickered at the irony. “Well, colder than usual,” she amended.
“A side effect, from having Tristan,” Lyon told everyone.
“Mom?” their son asked her, his face draining of color. Etienne sent Tristan love in the air. Will noticed she didn’t seem the least bothered by his attachment to Avati.
“You are worth any amount of discomfort my sweet. It’ll pass I’m sure.”
“Are you certain your warm enough?” Lyon inquired.
“I’m fine,” she told him, a bit curtly, as if she didn’t need him to hover. He was taken aback by her abrasive tone but tried hard not to let on. Will did find it strange as well. Etienne was the most good-natured of them all. He couldn’t help but notice the paleness of her hair and the way her clavicle was more pronounced. We’re all the women in this house falling ill? It was a morbid thought, but relevant, considering.
“Where’s Janas?” asked Anchille, still waiting for the last member of their coven to arrive.
“He’s not been around much,” Lyon answered. Then everyone looked at one another, trying to remember the last time they’d seen the young prophet.
“When was the wedding?”
“Good gracious, we really don’t pay attention to one another, do we? Is that the last we saw of him? Anyone?” Ahkmenotep queried.
“Someone go look for him,” ordered Anchille.
Will closed his eyes a moment, working to get a trace on Janas but all he picked up were the rustling of drapes and the sound of the waterfalls out front.
“He’s not here,” Will told them.
“I suspect he is around or will be soon, let’s go on,” said Anchille. “There’s no easy way to break this to any of you so I’ll just get to it…” he paused, staggering not to catch his breath but his heartache over Isis’ decline. He couldn’t speak the words, not quite yet. “Ring for Rinalde, won’t you?” he asked Avati, who called straight away. Within a few moments the silver haired Frenchman who’d served Isis and Anchille for many years arrived. He had precisely what Anchille was after: a cart full of wine glasses. They weren’t filled with wine of course but blood, which many of them were in need of, especially Etienne. Anchille took a glass, handed it to her and then nodded to Rinalde. “Thank you my friend,” he said kindly.
Rinalde bowed to him and gently rolled the cart away but remained at the ready, in case he was needed further. Anchille took a hardy drink. He felt the blood move into his system, and he hadn’t realized how much the day had depleted him. For a moment he felt better, his body, anyway. He couldn’t speak for his heart or his soul. “Herocles has once again found a way into this coven.” There wasn’t a moment’s delay before a sturdy voice interjected.
“You mean figuratively I hope,” said Thomas. Charles leaned forward. Jane put her hand on his back before glancing at her brother Jaime.
“I mean, literally,” said Anchille. There were too many murmurs, and far too many questions that he simply asked them for complete silence. Everyone obeyed. “He has come to Earth, and before you ask, remember, he wasn’t destroyed. Lina spared him, and Set took him away from us that day. What happened to him after that, none of us can know. But, he is here, I assure you, and he has deceived us all.”
“Anchille,” whispered Etienne. This was it, what Isis feared. She brought her hand to her pink-tinged lips, and couldn’t help but worry for her family, for her son. Aeolian held her other hand.
“He placed a spell over us and over this house, on the night we learned of Lina’s, state. We have been under his influence every night thereafter.”
Jaime cringed at Anchille’s words. State? His son was a thing, a…disease?
Will mentally grabbed his attention as fast as he could. That’s not what he meant. Focus, please!
“How do you know this?” someone asked, though Anchille was miles away, not listening. He only continued to ramble aloud.
“She didn’t mean to hurt any of us. Lina did what she felt was right. How can we know if things would’ve been different, had she told us of his return right away….” Will wanted to silence him, Jaime did too, but neither of them dared move from their seats. Will was desperate. He didn’t know how the coven would react, knowing that Lina had kept them in the dark about Herocles, and also that it posed great threat to their children. There was also the subject of Isis, which he knew Anchille was unable to even address. He unwittingly met Aeolian’s gaze and as he feared, it turned dark, her eyes black as a shark. His back stiffened at her.
“Lina knew, she knew and she didn’t tell us?”
“She had her reasons Aeolian,” Will told her tightly.
“What reasons would those be I wonder? She would risk our lives, risk our safety,” she said heatedly and then she stood up, the whole of her typically dark presence filling the room. “She knowingly put our child in danger?!”
“Aeolian!” Vittorio warned her, but she ignored him.
“Dragon lady’s back,” muttered Aeimil, which was a mistake. Aeolian blasted him from his seat, clear across the room. She would strike Khala as well if someone didn’t stop her and quick. Vittorio flashed to grab her flailing arms, and she screamed and writhed against him, her back thrashing against his suited chest.
“I told you it was a mistake to move here!” she wailed at him. Vitto wrapped her in his arms like a vice, and nearly smothered her in order to calm her down. He wasn’t a combative immortal unless provoked, but fighting with Aeolian was second nature. Will never understood how so composed a creature like Vittorio could end up with a head case like Aeolian. She was the most reactive of all of them, and despite everyone believing having a child had finally settled her down, Aeolian was every bit the nightmare she always was. She was just more loyal to the coven now.
“Stop! Stop it! Don’t fight me!” he yelled in her ear. Aeolian reached behind her head, grabbing a handful of his dark hair.
“You let go of me!” she cried back, but he only constricted her more, wriggling his head free of her hold.
Then he spoke to her in Italian. “Non fare un pazzo di te donna!”
Then Aeolian did something none of the coven’s had ever seen before. She began to weep in his arms. Her red tears ruining his jacket and dress shirt. Even Vittorio seemed surprised which made the scene all the more disturbing. “I’m not a fool! Is that what you think, of a mother who is frightened for her only child? I lost one baby already Vitto. Why must I lose another?”
He looked down at his wife so pitiably, and then Vittorio began soothing her, caressing her face, and moving her dark hair from her crimson-stained eyes. “Antony is not going anywhere, I promise you, but you mustn’t continue lashing out at the very hand that feeds! Lina made it possible for us to have him, without her, he wouldn’t exist,” he cautiously reminded her. It took time but finally Aeolian resigned herself to simply sitting back down and remaining quiet. Everyone was more at ease that way.
“I know this is difficult to hear, and we are all worried, but right now we must stay on task,” Anchille told them. “Lina made her choice, a judgment call that at the time, I feel she thought was right. She is our queen and we must take up at her side, no matter what. Agreed?”
“Yes, of course Anchille,” offered Etienne for the group.
“Now, what we must do is work a counter spell against this house, at least to protect ourselves from Herocles’ future interference. If we know him at all, we know that he will do all he can to divert our attention, so that he can attain what he desires.”
“And what is that exactly?” asked Thomas. There was another lengthy, excruciating pause. Jaime slumped.
“Lina. He still wants Lina.”
“She should have killed him when she’d had the chance!” blurted Aeimil. Thomas and Charles smacked his head on cue. “What?!” he cursed. “It’s the truth. If she’d followed through he wouldn’t be here now.”
“Neither would Jaime or Will,” said Jane. Aeimil had forgotten and then he felt awful for his blunder.
“I—I’m sorry you guys! I’m so stupid, I didn’t mean to—”
“It’s alright,” said Will. “Look, here’s what we know. Herocles came here that night. He talked to Lina, right in front of us. He already had you all under his control, probably before his feet hit the door. He delivered a warning, ambiguous as it was, but there was something to it. He said, ‘someone will be interested to know.’”
“Know what?”
“About the pregnancy.”
“Oh,” Omri sighed, taking Aeron’s hand.
“I think he only said it to get a rise out of her, to fluster her,” said Will with confidence. “Ankh-sut is dead, but Herocles knows that for immortals there is no such thing as permanent exit. Taunting Lina with memories of Ankh-sut’s decree to kill her unborn sons, is a tool he’s using. I’m sure of it.”
“Anything else Will?” asked Ahkmenotep. The professor had been mad scribbling over his notebook. Jane stared at his hands for ten minutes, obsessing over the lines on his thumb, and the trimmed landscape of dark hair. Their eyes met and Ahkmenotep dropped his pen. Jane quickly lowered her attention to her lap. She hadn’t meant to stare, and quickly felt awkward. 
“Sorry,” she muttered. A few others looked at them, but quickly returned to their conversations.
Ahkmenotep smiled. “It’s fine dear. This living situation is, new for us all.”
Wolves had always made Ahkmen nervous. Nothing could burn the memories of Achaia from his old mind. He knew Jane wasn’t a threat as those killers had been, but that didn’t mean he enjoyed seeing the blackness inside her. She and Jaime’s blood ran with that evil, and no matter how much they professed to be something different, or somehow removed from that faction, Ahkmen could not relax around them. Truth be told he could more than take care of himself. He was the most skilled of any of the coven in alchemy, which of course gave him an upper hand, but when it came down to actual combat, he rather preferred it when others took the lead. He wondered if that made him a coward. Ahkmenotep looked to Will who was about to continue.
“Herocles made certain Lina knew, she’d be seeing him again. I believe his last visit was to make one final attempt to persuade her.”
“He was in here, with her?” asked Isha, looking revolted.
“We smelled him,” offered Will, careful not to meet Jaime’s eyes. The two of them were barely holding it together themselves.
“So what happened? Where is he now? Where is Lina?”
“We don’t know.”
“He wouldn’t take her again, would he?” Jane asked, remembering their time spent in Necros. She’d nearly lost her brother, and her best friend that day. Goose bumps filled her arms.
“No Jane, Necros was destroyed. You’ve nothing to fear there. No, I believe the two of them are here, on earth,” Anchille informed her. “Whether they are together or whether Lina went off on her own, I couldn’t say, and that is what we need to figure out. She needs to know that we are no longer being controlled, that we are able to help her deal with this. She doesn’t have to destroy him on her own, and she doesn’t have to fear staying here with us.”
“You two really have no idea where she might be?” asked Omri.
Will shook his head. “None.”
“Where do we start?” asked Charles.
“As I said, we must secure this house before we do anything else, and that is where Ahkmen will take over.”


13. Connections
Lina left immediately after Will and Jaime had fallen asleep. She’d had to move fast, knowing the swoon wouldn’t last but an hour at most. She’d ran back into their rooms, gathered money, clothes and her leather sack. She had changed into a pair of jeans, a black t-shirt, and cropped leather jacket. She’d left her two wedding rings inside her jewelry box. It was the only way she could keep them safe, and somehow it gave her a connection to home. Maybe she simply wanted Jaime and Will to be able to touch a part of her after she’d gone. Leaping down again, she had carefully stepped over her slumbering kings, and then raced on foot to the main pass. Miles from home, and it was taking everything in her not to head straight back. She knew that was impossible. Going to the coven now would only endanger them further. She closed her mind off to them and to Will and Jaime. If Herocles decided to rummage in her mind from whatever hole he was hiding in, then he would see and hear her family and she couldn’t have that. The magic it took to divide her from those she loved was unbearable, but necessary to their survival. She was from that point, on her own. Herocles would only continue to use her loves against her if she allowed it, and he could do that from the comfort of his latest hovel, a random subway, or a phone booth, it really didn’t matter. No, they needed to stay as far from her as possible. They could secure the mansion, and as a precaution she was pleased they would do so, but she knew Herocles would not return there, not so long as she was gone. He would’ve sensed her departure, and it would’ve taken him swiftly from that place. She only had to control herself when she and Herocles crossed paths. Whatever the coven’s next step was, she wanted him to be a hundred behind. Aside from that, the coven still had Isis. With her strength, they truly had nothing to fear, Lina thought.
She made a plan to only move during the day, and so she spent the first night in Grasmere, at the same B&B she and Will had shared one beautiful night. She was fortunate to get the same second story room, which featured polite country decoration, a claw tub with gold finishing, and a small iron fenced terrace. Her memory allowed her to envision hers and Will’s time together, and it was so sweet to taste and to feel him. How young and afraid she’d looked, at the beginning of her transformation, and how loving and attentive he had been. It was difficult to get rest, feeling that Herocles was most certainly out there, waiting for her, watching for her. Lina was edgy and in the morning, it took all her stamina to leave that place. She gave the affectionately styled suite a simple nod before she left.

Standing in the crowded London tube, Lina momentarily lost herself in the commotion of travelers. She was un-affected by their bustling legs, encumbered brief cases, backpacks, and their noisy cellular conversations. It felt rather serene, but she knew it was only pretense calm, and that she longed to still hear her own babies deep inside her. She worried they would come before this was all over. She worried too, that they wouldn’t come at all. She was terrified she wouldn’t find a way to destroy Herocles in time. That lone thought brought her back to the present with a harsh ring. The doors to the train opened and bodies filed in, in haste. Lina joined them, knowing that she would head first to Piccadilly Circus. She couldn’t bring along her own coven, but she wasn’t opposed to eliciting help from outsiders. She didn’t know if it would prove a wise effort or not, but she would try. If nothing else she would find a safe house, food, and possibly some direction. Even a rogue would house the queen, right?
Perched inconspicuously at the center square, Lina observed, behind large black glasses, an endless spree of speeding cars, double decker buses and taxi cabs, each vying for space on the narrow roadway. A flock of girls followed their summer program teacher in uniform fashion. One trailed behind, bending down to fix her stocking. As her satchel lobbed over her red head, Lina couldn’t resist a slight snicker. The little one looked up, her wide curls framing her pale face and her eyes became two large blue saucers. Suddenly Lina felt uncomfortable, and she diverted her attention away from the girl. When the grouping had passed down the adjacent road Lina felt relieved. She thought she looked perfectly normal seated on the fountain edge, soaking up the sunny afternoon like other humans, but apparently she had overestimated her ability to blend. Or the child was just a weirdo, that was possible too. Lina laughed and continued watching. The act appeared harmless, but she was really on the lookout for anything supernatural. She sedately adjusted her leg, and peered up at the high sun. It was only in the low seventies but people were bouncing through the square as if it was much hotter. Sleeves were short, legs were bare, and everyone seemed to be smiling. That’s when Lina realized something was wrong. The humans were acting too happy. She sniffed the air nonchalantly, in case she was being watched. There was nothing off about it. It was fairly clean, apart from brief waves of car smog. Still, passersby continued chatting and laughing and carrying on, like a beer commercial.
That’s when she saw him.
He was across the way on Regent Street, standing casually in front of a newspaper stand. He had the most tedious look on his face as he observed the innocent lives around him. Lina carefully reached for her bag which had been propped at her feet. If she’d wondered if he had seen her, that was put to rest. Herocles looked her dead in the eyes and then, he grinned at her, the demon. He appeared as any other twenty year old man: clean shaven, neat shoulder-length hair, hooded blue-grey eyes, and a model’s build. She still mourned the poor soul who’d lost the battle with that beast. Herocles pursed his lips and winked at a group of teenage girls who walked passed him. It made Lina’s stomach convulse. What are you up to, she thought? Whatever it was, she knew she’d have to be ready to stop him. He’d made no qualms about hurting people, and she wasn’t about to let him get away with it. Soon that same lot of schoolchildren approached from the opposite walkway. The woman in charge called for the stragglers, and while her back was turned Herocles closed his eyes. It all happened like in the movies, slow motion, delayed sound, a flight of pigeons wings flapping softly as lashes. Just as the woman stepped into the crossing area, where the sign had indicated their rite of passage, the light changed. It was fast, seconds, half of those seconds, and she was struck by an oncoming delivery truck. Lina’s heart raced in the stunned silence.
Then all at once she could hear hundreds of screams, from pedestrians, from drivers, from women and children, and mostly from those little girls, all of which had seen their teacher collide with the front of the vehicle. Her body went sliding like a rag doll another ten feet, before slumping into the curb in a crushed heap. There was so much shouting, and so many shrieks that Lina couldn’t move. Sirens ensued, and two maybe three police on foot began running in the northbound direction.
Lina stood up. She knew that she couldn’t appease the situation without charming the current ten mile radius. Herocles smiled wickedly at her, took up the reddest apple, brought it to his mouth, and then he bit before strolling away. Her head was throbbing, and her stomach was queasy, a fraction of the sensations he brought about in her. She was torn, between chasing her enemy down and striking him dead in the street, or saving the poor human woman who’d unwittingly crossed paths with the Devil. She had to do what was right. She would play his game, for now. Lina lifted her arms, and with tears rolling down her cheeks she froze time. She couldn’t stop the clocks for the whole world, but she would tame the square in order to help the woman. As she roved securely through the pods of mannequins, she tried not to look them in the eye. She hated their horror-struck gazes, their open mouths stopped mid-scream. She came upon the accident. The officers and a few EMT’s had just begun work on the teacher, and Lina had to slide her torn body from their frozen hands. She pulled her back to a small median, and placed her jacket beneath the woman’s head. Half her scalp had been stripped clean from the road, and her arm lay in a dislocated position. Lina held her palms over the woman, cringing at all the blood, and hating the burn it roused in her throat. She desperately swallowed, closed her eyes, quickly reciting a spell to repair the damage, and to heal her broken legs and ribs. As her insides began to patch together slowly but surely, Lina looked around, to make certain no one else had been injured. It had only been the teacher, this time. A few more minutes, and it was done. The young woman, who was no more than forty, began to gasp and cough in Lina’s arms. She was just as she had been before the accident, but her short brown hair, her blouse, and pencil skirt were covered in her blood. When her eyes fluttered open, and she looked up, she began to cry.
“Am I dead?”
Lina grimaced. “No.”
“You’re an angel,” she told Lina, who simply nodded to her and told her that everything would be okay. She left her there, with her jacket and turned to walk away.
There was more coughing. “Wait!” the woman squawked. Lina halted on the sidewalk, not wanting to turn around. “He gave me a message for you!” Then Lina had to return. She knelt down beside her, still careful not to show all of her face. Lina was well aware of the passion that lit her immortal features, and she didn’t want to further frighten the woman.
“Who?”
“The man, the man with the red eyes,” she exhaled, trying to sit up more. She was completely healed, but she couldn’t have known that. The woman looked dazedly around at the motionless city. She was instantly confused, which Lina didn’t have time for. “What’s wrong with everyone?”
“What man are you talking about?” Lina asked, disregarding her inquiry. She only had seconds before the woman became hysterical.
The woman wiped her brow, frowning at the red of her fingers. Lina cleared her throat. “He said I would be one of many.”
Lina stood and walked a few feet away, then she called back to her. “Be careful,” was all she said, and with a wave of her hand, the world resumed. Lina vanished in the midst of the servicemen attending the scene, officers directing traffic, and officials questioning the driver and other onlookers. She heard the woman begin to wail.
“That young girl, that girl saved me! She’s an angel!”
Good grief! Lina had to get as far from there as possible.

She took to the back alleys in order to meet Trafalgar Square. She would catch the tube again at Charing Cross, but she needed to rest and regroup first. Immortal or not, that was intense. She’d seen enough of death, first with her grandmother, then random accidents, and then the Black Wolves, not to mention all those wretched terrors of Necros. It wasn’t like she hadn’t seen a fair amount of bloodshed. But this woman, this human, wasn’t a supernatural being. She was normal, ordinary, drastically so from the self-deprecating soup she continued stirring in her head. So why was Lina so affected? She thought about that.
The teacher could have been her mother, or her aunt, someone she knew and cared for. The moment of impact, sirens alarmed in Lina’s mind, like a steam engine screeching to an abrupt halt. It was agonizing, to know that everyone else viewed the teacher being struck in real time, but Lina saw the obliteration in slow motion. She knew she would help her to live, that was a given, but the moment between her decision and the execution, Lina felt like everyone else on scene: helpless. She knew she never desired to feel that way ever again. Isis told her once, that her emotions would begin to dim, slowly over time she would forget the human half of herself, and would gain a sort of ambivalence. After time Lina would experience complete anesthetization, at least in matters of life and death to those who didn’t hold her heart in some true way. She would of course save innocent life, but she would never linger in order to appease the youth. She would never stay to answer their questions or to suppress their fears. She would do as duty called, no more, no less, as each of the Dam Ilah, Guardians, and Wolves had always done for millennia. 
But there was a problem.
Isis’ words had yet to come true. Lina couldn’t have been more touched by the ebb of that woman’s life-force, the ceasing of her heartbeat and the imminent stench of decay. It was as if the woman’s very own memories had become a part of Lina’s. All her successes, all her failures, all the pain, the joy, the limitations, the disappointments, were all a part of Lina’s makeup as well, in that fateful instant. It felt so suffocating.

Lina looked ahead and saw the church. Being around more humans didn’t really suit, but she had no other option. She approached the large Corinthian columns, turning once over her shoulder, she then slipped passed the iron fencing and went inside. As she walked down the aisle, with two others in front of her, Lina took in the overhead panels, the cherubs, and the clouds. She delighted in the many chandeliers, the overall sense of elegance and order. The Anglican structure was crafted so magnificently, and for a moment she really felt she’d be safe. Everyone took seats in various pews, and so Lina did as well. It had been years since she set foot in a church, but she was fairly certain her skin wouldn’t burst into flames. At first she laughed to herself but then she felt the inclination to cry. She didn’t know why, but before a tear could fall, a hunched woman in her eighties seated a row away, saw Lina, got to her feet in an excited fashion, and made her way over. She sat down, placing her big purse near her thigh on the seat. She had covered herself so, in lengthy black garments. Her skirt went down to her ankles and looked hot as hell. Her feet were tiny and covered in boxy looking black shoes. All you could see of her were her dark eyes, and muslin skin. The lady opened a pamphlet, and prepared to share it with Lina. She smelled of eucalyptus, cough syrup, and lilacs. She also, smelled of death. Lina brought her finger carefully, and most inconspicuously to her nose. For a moment she was tempted to move, not because she wished to be impolite, but because she couldn’t stand the knowing in her mind.
“Échete akoúsei af̱tó prin?” She asked if Lina had heard the music before. Interesting that she spoke her own language, assuming Lina was Greek too. Weird, but she was used to it. Lina was mistaken for lots of races in her life, Spanish, Dominican, and Italian. Funny, she never got mistaken for being Irish, which she was, if only half. Lina smiled to the woman.
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand.” Lies, all lies. The lady waved her wrinkly hand and shook her head with the most adorable chuckle of embarrassment.
“Is my mistake. Have you heard this one before?” She asked again, swirling the lozenge in her thin mouth. Lina remained seated. “I’ve heard it so many times, I never tire.”
Lina grinned down at her, before realizing her glasses weren’t covering her face. The lady took the opportunity to unabashedly stare, as most elderly do, only out of interest, but Lina froze. It was dim enough in the church, but not so dim that the woman could mistake the ripple of flesh beneath Lina’s grey eyes, or the solidness of her even brown skin, or even the shimmery luster of her black hair. Not a single woman in London had rainproof dos no matter how many products they used that boasted efficacy. Lina on the other hand, did. The teacher’s comments about her being an angel, while grossly inaccurate, seemed to make a bit of sense, at least aesthetically speaking. Lina would appear healthier to them, aglow, untroubled by the weather, or other inconveniences. What clever disguises the gods wore, Lina thought guiltily. It made her feel a cross between the Big Bad Wolf and Glinda the Good Witch. She’d just saved that young woman, and she would continue to do so, however many it took, but it didn’t stop her from wanting their blood. It didn’t end the desire in Lina to force them to run, so that she could thrill at the hunt. Her personal, private demons were there, always beneath the surface. Ever present was her inner beast, and there was nothing really she could do about it. Lina’s humanity felt pity for humans, but the animal inside her felt nothing but lust and rage. How would she raise her own children to live with such apathy? Her stomach knotted and she realized she hadn’t answered.
“I haven’t heard it,” she finally told the lady, trying to keep her eyes away, as well as masking the tinkling of her voice. She wished she’d left her glasses on but knew it was disrespectful.
“Do you enjoy classical?”
“Yes.”
“You are in for a treat,” she cackled as she snuggled in close to Lina, who couldn’t help but feel the woman’s behavior was a tad inappropriate. She expected someone like her to be much more reserved. Frankly, she never anticipated a pew partner to begin with. Even in her human days strangers kept their distance, preferring to whisper, point and ogle her from afar. It was always the effect she had over people, un-intentional and un-avoidable alienation. She supposed that this was a new day, a day when someone chose not to belittle her or hide behind their own insecurity. It was sort of refreshing.
The musicians got themselves ready, and before too long they were taking their initial bows. Lina wanted to listen, she wanted to stay present, but there was such a gnawing at her insides, and then it made its presence known to all. Her belly gurgled so loudly that a man two pews ahead turned around. Lina’s new friend procured from her purse a bag of roasted almonds.
“Have some, I won’t tell,” she muttered, keeping her eyes front.
“Oh, no thank you,” Lina said, unable to resist sniffing the little woman’s succulent blood. All under the radar of course, but she still shivered a little from her own impending swoon. Her friend put her frail wrinkly arm on top of Lina’s, and she couldn’t resist noting the major differences. Her skin was very lined, and loose, while Lina’s was deep caramel, smooth, and tight. Her back was hunched, her irises covered in odd blue film, while Lina’s were bright grey, clear, and alive. She looked at her earlobes that were droopy, and had soft fuzz all over them. And then she watched the throat, where the pulse kicked out every few seconds, thump, thump, thump. Okay, that was it! She had to get away from her, and fast. She knew enough of St. Martin’s, and would make her way down into the crypt. After traveling to council the first time she was made aware of all the secret passageways that ran beneath the city.
“Are you leaving? You’ll miss it,” the woman said in a disappointed tone. It broke Lina’s heart, but she also didn’t want to kill her either. A rebellion exploded in her gut, reminding her simultaneously that she was first and foremost an animal and would tear into that flesh if given half a chance, and two, that the poor dear would be dead within the year from cancer anyway. Was it right to leave her like that? Wouldn’t the humane thing be to take her swiftly now, and spare her all the pain? No! No! She had no right to play God. It wasn’t her place. She shivered a bit and shook her head.
“Next time,” Lina told her. “Thank you, for, sitting with me.”
“Anytime,” she whispered so ghostlike. It reminded Lina of her grandmother.


14. What Lies Beneath
Downstairs Lina was careful to avoid the busy café. She walked into the adjoining gallery, making her way toward a large door at the end of the un-lit hall. Council members had been entering and exiting here for centuries. She looked around to be certain no one was watching, and then she slid her fingers to the spot that would move the hidden trap. Once she was on the other side she made sure it was thoroughly sealed. After that she put her backpack around her shoulders, and began walking along the damp, stone corridor. She’d need to head toward the railway. It was probably best she travel beneath the city anyway. She felt much too exposed after the day’s events. No wonder Isis and the others never ventured out much unless it was night. It made things complicated. They could meld easily with humans if it were a crowded night club, or a lonely train ride, but out in the daylight, where every inch of their strange skin, and preternatural eyes were on display, not so much. And of course being out in public made it that much more difficult to avoid catastrophe. They were surely obligated to save lives’ and what day would end without a mugging, robbery, train collision, car wreck, or bar room brawl gone wrong. Ugh! Lina shrugged irritably. The world was such a filthy place, full of ugliness. Why were they so intent of saving it again?
It wasn’t the most pleasant journey, tunneling beneath London’s streets. It was a rat’s haven and she could’ve died from all the hideous squeaking and scampering. For the first time she loathed her expert hearing. She was reminded of the ancient city’s history, the bloodshed, the sickness, the conflicts, and the…beheadings. Lina squealed and jumped around, trying to get rid of her fright. Big tough immortal, she thought, whirling around like a scared little girl.
“That’s funny,” someone said. Lina whipped around but saw no one. She instantly called out, her head buzzing, and her hands balled at her sides.
“Show yourself!” she ordered them, and then, she raised her nose to the dank air. Lina’s silver eyes revolved, leaving them black. She licked her lips. Wolf blood. “I know what you are. Come out,” she said firmly.
A moment or two later a figure emerged from the darkness. Lina put up her arms, ready to kill if needed. She couldn’t be certain if it was a trick. She would not put anything past Herocles. The figure came into the light in order for her to see. He straightened up a bit, rubbed his hands down his army jacket, and then he attempted to smooth his raven hair. It was curly, and all over the place. He had a closely shaved beard, large round golden eyes, and a fairly thick build. Five foot ten, maybe eleven, she gauged by her own height of five feet, four. He started to procure something from his pocket. Lina did not like this and so made it known by a low, guttural sound from her belly. The walls of the sewer reverberated with the noise, and the newcomer covered his ears and wailed. When she stopped he opened one wincing eye, and half grinned.
“Relax, I know what you are as well,” he told her. His Irish was heavy. He slid in his hand, and brought out a bag of blood. Lina could tell it was fresh, and she took it from him greedily. She was finished with it before he gave her another, and yet another. What, did he have an entire bank in there? Was it a magic jacket? She dropped the empty containers at his feet and stared at him. He grimaced at that and so Lina quickly recovered the trash, and placed it in her tote. Then he clicked his tongue at her. She gaped at him, unsure of what to do with the blood bags.
“Another then? Want to make certain you don’t tear my head off.” He laughed and fingered for the evidence of her stolen meal. She jerked away from him. The man frowned. “Look, you can keep them in there, if you want to smell like a corpse.” The man neatly rolled the plastic into a small tube, enclosed the ends, and put them into his sack. He handed her one last pouch of fuel. “Better?” he asked softly, not making eye contact. She waited as the fluid hit her veins before she spoke. When she felt marginally improved, at least at a point where she wouldn’t eat him, she answered.
“Thank you.”
“There’s more where that came from,” he rather boasted.
“What’s your name?”
“That depends?” he said, raising a bushy brow.
“On?”
“Are you going to report me?”
“Report you? I don’t understand.”
“Wolves are being rounded up, all over the city. My stealing from the blood bank wouldn’t help my cause, if you get what I mean.”
She glared at him. It was news to her that wolves were being taken, and why would they be? She hadn’t sanctioned such an order. “Explain.”
“They already have about thirty of us.”
“Who’s they?” she asked, moving a bit closer to him. Now he, didn’t like that. She halted dead, not wishing to exacerbate his feelings of claustrophobia. A wolf who despised small dens…it was ironic.
“No one knows who they are. These black vans come up and snatch them, sometimes in broad daylight.”
Weird. “Like Intelligence?” She had to assume that wasn’t the case. It was most likely an inside job of the immortals, but she needed to make sure. In the event it wasn’t human related, and she shuddered to think it, she would need to address the issue.
“No, not like that. They aren’t tagged, or marked or anything. No badges, not even guns.”
“Huh, you’re sure?”
“Yeah, was standing in the doorway of the pub when one was taken. It’s like nobody even noticed. How could you not?”
“If they weren’t meant to see, then they wouldn’t have,” she told him. His confession confirmed that at least the situation was totally supernatural. That she could deal with, and she would. “Tell me your name.”
“Collin.”
“Lina,” she said, not offering her hand. Maybe the wolf didn’t like to be touched either. “How long have you been down here Collin?”
“A while. Been getting my food from,” he pointed a finger up.
“By getting food I assume you mean sandwiches and soup, and not a meaty femur?”
“Yeah,” he answered, put off that she even thought he’d try to take humans. How could she know? To her knowledge there weren’t many wolves who lived as Will, and Lycion’s family. He eyed her a little comically and then he said, “I, I stay here mostly…I like the service.”
Lina smiled at him, instantly observing the cross at his throat. “Catholic?”
“Oh, me mum is. Our kind aren’t really allowed at mass you see. But, all that bollocks about crosses and silver, at least that part isn’t true, eh?”
“I guess,” she said with a smile. He had an innocent face and she liked that. It would be good to have an ally she could maybe trust. She wasn’t putting too much stock in him though. “Collin?”
“Miss?”
“Who made you?” She knew he wasn’t of a pure blood line. She could smell it.
“Pardon?”
“How long have you been a…like this?”
“Since I were a boy, dunno, forty-seven years, give or take.”
He looked so young and Lina had almost forgotten, wolves stop aging at twenty-five. “Are your parents?”
“Just me da. Mum’s seventy-three. Gave birth to me and nearly died. He asked her to change, but, she told him no. Said she couldn’t live with herself if she killed anyone.”
Lina tried wrapping her head around the notion of Halfling wolves around the city. How were they surviving she wondered? And, what were they eating? “I see.”
Collin shuffled his feet a bit.
“Do you know who I am?”
He looked at her queerly, and rubbed his hair. “Wish I did,” he said sheepishly, his upper cheeks filling with color.
“I’m Ahmose-set,” she told him. Collin’s eyes bulged and he staggered back as though he’d just seen the contents of Roswell, New Mexico. Lina couldn’t help but grin a little. “You’ve heard of me,” she surmised. Collin’s jovial expression changed, his arms slumped, and he staggered back a few more paces. All the color bled from his face. Lina raised her hand to him and he flinched. “I won’t hurt you, but I do need you to listen to me. Can you do that?” He quickly shook his head yes. “Good. First, I need to know where you got that blood, because I’m pregnant and I’m going to need more, lots more, if I’m to stay strong.”
“Done, I can, I mean, I can get you all the blood you need, but ah—”
“I already know what you’re going to ask and I can’t explain that.”
“Right.”
“Great,” she said, happy to not have to go into the whole sordid story of her complicated life. “I want to help you all with your abducting issues, but we need to gather more information, keep our eyes open, and follow them as closely as we can. Can you do that?”
He was reluctant. He looked around to the quiet safety he’d be risking, and at first he wanted to say no. “I—c”
“Collin, it’s alright. I understand if you can’t.” She sniffed around a bit, then stared at him. “You and your father have a good life here, although void of some human comforts, but I gather that really is of no consequence to you is it. You’re safe here.” She wondered what his real home was like.
“We’ve been here a good while, ever since we had to put mum in hospital. He visits her, every night, after visiting hours. She’s not got long.” His throat pinched. Lina began walking away. She’d no intention of disrupting this poor man’s life.
“No, wait!”
“Collin, it’s fine, really. Just stay here.” The last thing she wanted to do was disrupt this poor man’s life any further.
“I want to go with you. I want to help them. And…”
“What?”
“My da, he was one of the men taken.”
Lina came into the light again, and this time Collin forced himself to stay afoot. “I am sorry for that. I’ll help you get him back, I promise,” she said, knowing that she meant it with every fiber of her being. There was no telling if some of the wolves taken were related to Will, or for that matter Jaime. Even if they weren’t, she would help them. Even if they weren’t currently serving her, or if they’d been long estranged, she would see to it that they were freed. Collin had a burning question ready to burst from his lips. “Ask me.”
“Is it true, what everyone says about ya?” he asked.
Lina laughed. “I’ve been pretty sheltered. You’ll have to let me in on the gossip.”
Collin’s golden eyes became so twinkly and she realized he was very young, not in years so much as experience. She prayed that didn’t hinder his ability to fight. “They say you possess both blood in your veins, Agmenon’s and Hekate’s.” He nearly hissed the names of the ancient elders, her birth parents, as if uttering their monikers aloud would inadvertently summon them.
“I do. I’m also still human.”
“Shite!” Collin cursed, gripping the side of his head with his beanie cap.
“That’s how I feel about it too,” she chuckled. Collin looked at her belly, like he was trying to draw some conclusion. Lina covered her stomach. “Like I said, it’s complicated.”
“Kay.”
“What part of Ireland are you from?”
“I was living in Belfast, but, I’m actually from the south.”
“Oh.”
“You been?”
“No, I want to. My mother’s Irish.”
“Yeah?”
“Hmm, mmm.”
“You should go then. You’d love it.”
Lina smiled. She didn’t know if that would ever happen. “Maybe.”
“Well, shall we?” he asked. She was so pleased to have someone to talk to, someone who didn’t want something from her. She was also ecstatic that their conversation was so normal, so human. Even though they were about to walk into a probably dangerous situation together, she was happy he was there with her.


15. Set & Herocles
The wind increased to an intolerable speed, leaving the air scentless, and the sky around swirling and off white. What had happened to that splendid sun, the one which appeared the moment he arrived on scene? Herocles sat cross-legged on the park bench, annoyed that he would need to put on his jacket if he was to appear a normal gent with all these lumbering cattle-types, these sheep. The temperature had dropped down to the low forties, and in a matter of hours it would rain. He glanced up at the heavens and gave them a sly taunt, before closing his eyes and merely yearning for warmth. Within an instant the weather reversed, bringing forth the ecstasy of the summer day again. He’d actually made it too warm, an afternoon more suited for the French Riviera, then within the stone court outside Tower of London. Herocles shoved his jacket further down the seat, as if he had no further use for it, and clasped his hands behind his head cheerily.
“All in a day’s work?”
Herocles sneered, lids shut softly to the rays. He remained the magnificent statue gawked at by every passerby. “I’ve no idea what you mean,” he casually retorted to the otherworldly guest.
A short, unmistakable huff at his right still did nothing to sway him. He felt the gentleman press nearer. He may have wanted to strangle Herocles, if it hadn’t been broad daylight in a courtyard full of humans. “I’d care to do more than that.”
Herocles finally stirred, but his lip hung in sorrow at having to leave his precious solitude. “This body is in need of a tan,” he groused. “Couldn’t tell you the last time this fellow had any Vitamin D! Could we perhaps do this, I don’t know, in a century or two?”
“Curse you!” Set snarled, his claws ready to wrap around Herocles’ throat in seconds.
“Do relax, you’ll pop a vein,” he advised his sibling, who he finally decided to visually acknowledge. He quickly bore a staunch look of disapproval. “Always the dusty classics Set. You know, it is a new age. Men where tight pants, and girlish tops. There’s a boutique around the corner. Go and fetch something more timely, won’t you,” he encouraged rudely. Set straightened the lapel of his long overcoat that looked like something Poe would wear.
“My attire in this realm is hardly relevant,” he responded, adequately situating his rectangular spectacles. “You were forbidden to come here, and you deliberately disobeyed!” Set reached out for Herocle’s arm, a mistake he realized too late. His brother flashed his teeth at him, revealing not only the protruding set of eight fangs, but also the threatening of his bifurcated tongue.
“You don’t really want to start this here, do you Set? Remember how our baby brother embarrassed you before, oh what a tragic unfolding, please, don’t force me to mistreat you the same way.”
Set glared at him in astonishment. “Don’t speak his name!”
Herocles feigned a boyish frown. “Tell me it isn’t true Set. You’ve not forgiven Isis’ child for castrating you?” He gripped his host’s manhood mockingly. “Gruesome business that was!”
Set moved back at lightning speed, his position barely changed to onlookers. He too crossed his legs, adopting a more casual, approachable demeanor. He removed his glasses and began cleaning them. The menial act relaxed his brother and so he too, sat calmly once more.
“That’s what I thought,” said Herocles. “I was only teasing anyway. You look nice like this,” he observed, taking in his brother’s Victorian garb.” Regardless of his outdated fashion, Herocles could still picture his brother during their early days developing Egypt, and how regal Set had been, how larger than life. He so yearned for that being to return. He didn’t care for this new, improved version of his brother, this…apologist. Once the most feared, the slayer of man and god, a true force, and now look at him, grieved Herocles to himself. He briskly shook his head.
Set groaned and rolled his eyes, internally and otherwise. “Times change Hero. Osiris has long forgiven me. His child too. I believe that even Isis and I have moved on. It’s only you who holds to the past.”
Herocles grunted in response.
“You cannot stay here,” Set more or less repeated, ignoring Herocles’ internal compliment and plea.
“I’ll leave when I’ve finished, not a minute sooner.”
“Why do you provoke us?”
“Us?” Herocles inquired innocently. “Are we not alone, the two of us? More importantly, since when are you, Set, the demon son, part of an, us? The Ennead don’t harbor you Set. You were a traitor, and my guess is, you still are. Who knows how long it will take for you to resume your debauchery, a hundred years, a thousand, but, mark my words, the real you will rise again.”
Set ignored his crude and misinformed assumption. “You’ve always known you were being watched, that hasn’t changed with your release from banishment.”
“Banishment, is that what you’re all calling Necros, banishment?” he roared. Set looked quickly to the humans that were within earshot, and he struck his hand over Herocles’ mouth.
“Compose yourself!” he warned him, letting him know without doubt, which of them was ahead in Atum’s pecking order. “I worked my way back. It took me millions of years, but you, you are a disgrace! You made your bed!”
“I haven’t begun,” Herocles mumbled, using his power to burn his brother’s human flesh. Set reeled back and cusped his palm to his chest.
“Don’t do this Herocles,” Set shook his head. “Things can still change for you, for the better. You don’t have to be at war with them.”
“You aren’t begging anymore are you? I don’t think I could stomach that. I so looked up to you, and to your achievements.”
“I don’t have to.”
Herocles could at the very least respect that about his conformist brother. Set would never bow, to anyone. Unfortunately his deficit was his need to appease their absent father. That was something Herocles could not condone. Set could have won in the beginning, only his heart had been weakened by Atum’s control. A thrown had been carved just for him, but his reign was short-lived because their father favored Osiris. It made Hero ill. He and Set should have been the ones to rule.
“You’ll gain nothing by taking Isis down, and you know it. Stop this foolishness now, before it’s too late!”
“Run along now dear one. Tell our brothers and sisters that Hero fares fine on earth, and shall do so until he sees fit.”
“You know they will never allow it,” Set reminded him, without a hint of reproach.
“And when they come for me I will stand ready.”
“To face your sins, to be called to the fires?”
Herocles laughed so loudly the ground trembled beneath it. Then he turned on Set, already seated practically in his lap even as onlookers gaped in shock. Set tried to push him away but Herocles remained, his hands crushing the sides of his brother’s soft cheeks.
“It will not be I who is called to the flames, but my sweet brethren, and when that day comes I shall be merciful, as they were to me.”
Set stared into his brother’s cold, dark eyes and he knew that moment it was for the last time. When next they met, one of them would die, and death for the original Gods was not meant to be pleasant. It would be eternity in darkness, no sound, no thought, no smell, only nothingness forever. They would crave the wasteland of Necros because at least that was feeling something, at least that was putrid death, and all the noise that came with it. Set stood and released himself from Herocles’ hold. His brother flashed him an evil, unremorseful grin and Set nodded. 
“So be it.”
Before Set could round the next corner Herocles spoke to him from across the crowds. Do give my regards to father, won’t you? His brother twirled around and for the first time there seemed to be more pep in his step. Set smiled.
You’ll see your maker in due time Hero, he sent chillingly, and then he vanished, leaving Herocles alone to his devices.


16. Collateral
Herocles left the courtyard. He strolled through the mindless crowd carrying a torch of discontent at how his conversation with Set ended. Hero wasn’t the only one who had ever tried to usurp the will of their father. Why must the things he covets come at such a high price? He only desired what was rightfully his. Atum should have given in eons ago. Because he hadn’t submitted to Herocles’ terms, he was about to catapult his father’s pet project beyond the exosphere. The world would burn and Hero wasn’t about to let the blame rest on his shoulders. He wasn’t going to allow his brothers and sisters to make him the fall man. If anyone was going to be hanged, as Lina suggested, it would be Atum!
Hero set his course toward the old mill along the docks. The place had long been abandoned, and was the perfect setting there along the Thames. It was serving duel functions, one as a holding cell for his beastly servants, and two as a gateway to the nether regions. He had to keep at least some hold on the true immortal world, lest he become too attached to this one. Herocles hated earth. He hated everything about it save one: Lina. If it weren’t for her he would have rid the celestial planes of this forsaken ball ages before. He’d never seen such decadence, such blatant contempt for his father’s righteous gift, and he’d just come from the watery depths, and the endless fires. He actually preferred the Underworld to this plane. At least there it was honest. At least in his world justice was appropriately served. The devouring of souls, mortal and immortal alike by Ammut, and that was that. They were wiped clean from existence, with no hope of returning to try again. And so it always pained Herocles to see these barbaric humans squander life so. It was a direct affront to him and to his father, a warning he’d once tried to deliver Atum. Herocles told him what would happen, and how the world would come to ruin, but his father hadn’t listened. He hadn’t wanted to see the truth: that man would use up, consume, pillage, defile, plague, destroy, and would be vilified by the poor masses—rightfully so. It made Herocles hostile, the whole thing. Every tree that grew, every stream that cleared, each cocoon that opened, only marked an impending tragedy, which was why he was taking it upon himself to see that what needed to happen, happened. He’d had quite enough of the barbarism. But what about the innocents, he sisters would say? Well, tough, he thought. Run while you can, you won’t get very far, sheep.
Herocles moved stealthily passed the side door. He didn’t bother glancing behind him. If anyone was brave enough to follow him inside, they wouldn’t be making it out again. The mill was three stories of dust, wires, sheet metal, glass and rats. Only the bowels of the edifice had been cleaned up by his newly appointed staff, a borage of human ingrates he’d threatened with those aforementioned hell’s fires. Not one of them had a brain in their head; however, they were fearful, and that put them ahead of the game. Herocles had sanctioned a quarantined area for his own study, not knowing how long this takeover would keep him on soil. He was mighty pleased with the way the office had turned out. Every shabby hole before that was a mess, but the end room, his room—now that was grand. All black of course, black marble floors and fireplace, black carpeting, desk, and lamps, and a u shape seating area with fine lounges. It was a masterpiece, complete with two of his favorite artist’s paintings—Bouguereau’s Dante and Virgil in Hell, and Dali’s Endless Enigma. Each was a private commission from the artists at Herocles’ request, and each stood eight feet from the floor. Every guard who happened into Hero’s office eventually found their way to them, unable to look away. The pieces made them uncomfortable and they hadn’t missed the opportunity to tell Hero how obscene the work was. One man called them, disturbing. These inane assessments thrilled Herocles. Humans could not begin to grasp the enormity of man’s darkness, his rage, and he found that of such interest.
His newest help hovered in the doorway, waiting for his master to deliver further instructions. He was the brightest of the lot by far, and Herocles couldn’t help but feel just a twinge of guilt having taken him from his sweet, plump wife. Herocles snapped his fingers at the chap who didn’t hustle over. He always had a frustrated look on his cherry face, and it left Hero wondering, was he put out?
“You, what’s your name again?” Herocles asked him, even as the man gaped at the paintings like his fellow armsmen. The red-haired man, who was decently built, and about forty, folded his arms over his chest.
“Sean.” His expression glazed over as he observed the sexually charged depiction of Dante and Virgil. In delight Herocles hopped to his feet and joined him.
“Fascinating, don’t you agree?”
Sean looked revolted. “I guess.”
“It offends you?”
He was about to blurt but thought otherwise. “No sir.”
Herocles adored when humans lied. It only made his entire purpose and existence that much more thrilling. He wouldn’t give them what they wanted, but what they needed as an infant race, and what they needed was, chaos. Herocles tried to hide his exhilaration. “Anchille’s pilot, the one from Blarney is it?”
“Blackrock,” Sean groused. “I’m not just the pilot. I’m a friend.” This made Herocles laugh out loud. Did he think that little piece of news would sway him? He would get the information he wanted, whether Sean liked it or not.
“Friend? I didn’t realize they consorted with their, help.” Eat them obviously, but commiserate, surely no.
“You don’t know much about the Bhari’s then.”
“Oh, on the contrary. I know all there is to know about our beloved Isis and Anchille.”
“Then what do you need me for?” Sean asked, his flat blue eyes suddenly giving off real emotion. He tired of staring at the male on male action ahead of him and recoiled to a nearby sofa. Herocles felt Sean was in need of some desensitization. A few hundred years of depravity ought to do the trick!
“I need you for many reasons. My taking you from your precious wife, and on your holidays…I am so sorry for that, but I had to. If I make things difficult for Anchille, it makes things less so for me, understand?”
“He’s wealthy. He’ll hire another pilot.”
“True, very true, but not one like you,” offered Herocles. Sean swallowed a tad hard, suddenly he wanted to stop talking. Hero’s mouth widened in a leer. “Ah ha, because you know all their dirty little secrets. You know all their hiding places. You know where they will seek refuge. I gather you’ve been shown much. Those are the things I’d like to be privy to.”
“I don’t know what you mean, sir.”
“Sir, come, come, we mustn’t address one another so. I despise all that formality.”
“I don’t know what you want from me?”
“I want us to be friends, as you are with Anchille. What does he ask you to call him, not Mr. Bhari?”
“Actually I do call him that. It’s proper.”
“But, you’re friends?” said Herocles slyly. He leaned at the arm of Sean’s seat, basking in the room’s fiery warmth and glow. He did love being below ground. Maybe he really was a monster as Lina had said. Sean was staring at him. His skin was alive and rushing with contempt which the man couldn’t explain. Herocles brushed Sean’s short hair. “You don’t know who I am, but I can gather that from your devout upbringing as a young boy in Ballywally—f” Herocles was cut off.
“Blackrock!”
“Whatever,” said Herocles with a wave of his hand. “Even someone as sheltered as you probably are not so ignorant. Yes?”
Sean grieved a moment, and then he looked as if he might toss it right there. Herocles reached for his wastebasket beneath his desktop which was more than ten paces. The movement was so fast that Sean covered his mouth. It wasn’t that he didn’t know about Anchille, it was that he never wanted to know. Even when Anchille had tried to explain the odd occurrences at the mansion, council members showing up at late hours, despite zero cars in sight, as though they traveled on foot for miles. No, Sean didn’t want to know those things. He never wanted to know. All he wanted to do was be a good pilot, to be decorous, and to make as much money as he could so that he and Fi could retire to a beautiful far off island. Anchille paid him well. Sean was content to ask no questions. With his current employer; however, he was not so resigned to remain genial, and so, with tapered eyes he leaned forward.
“What are you?”
Herocles reflected with as much sincerity as he could muster. He did really like this person, or at the very least he was being entertained by him, and by his innocence. That had to count for something. Herocles pressed his elbows to the heavy wood, and clasped his hands. He forced his gaze to turn a stark sheen of yellow, knowing that he would be frightening the poor man but also wanting his introduction to be, honest. Sean wheezed and staggered to his feet as if he would head for the door. Hero held him in place.
“Who am I?” he asked him.
Sean crossed himself a dozen times, beginning to recite a slew of prayers. Herocles sighed and stood up, making his way round the island in order to reach for the man, who tried and failed to spin away from him.
“Now don’t behave so puerile. I could have killed you and I didn’t, did I?”
Sean blinked, still crossing himself with one hand, and holding up his other against Herocles. “What sort of devil are you?”
“The only one you will ever meet and it just so happens that I like you.”
“What do you really want from me, just tell me please. I want to go home to my wife.”
Oh, all that supplication. Herocles couldn’t stand for Sean to beg so pitifully like those other little lambs. He held up his fingers for Sean to come to him and Sean unwittingly obeyed. When he was in Hero’s arms he went limp. “I see I’ll have to modify you a bit, damn, and I hadn’t wanted to but you’ve left me no choice.” Herocles pressed a nail to Sean’s head and the man fell to his knees. His head tilted to the ceiling and his blue eyes turned black as night for a fraction of a second. After a moment or two he stood up, looked around as if he had no recollection of the last few days of his life. Then he met Herocles’ pleased stare.
“What am I doing here? Who are you?”
Herocles snickered and went to poor himself a drink. He took one back to Sean. “More importantly, do you know who you are?”
“My name’s Sean. I’m a pilot. I, I live in Dublin with my wife, Fi…ah…” he began to prattle, scratching his scruffy beard.
“That’s fine Sean, good enough. Drink up, you need it.”
“Oh, yea, cheers,” he said nervously, downing the tumbler just as Herocles poured him another.
“Come with me Sean. We have a little work to do, and then, you’re going to tell me everything you know about your employer, Mr. Anchille Bhari.”

***

The cells were pathetic, a damp block of eight cubicles, each one holding an even mangier looking wretch. As they walked down the filthy aisle, one reached out for Sean, hurdling obscenities at him. Herocles whirled on the dog, and nearly took his arm clear from his body.
“Don’t touch him you mongrel!” he hissed, his penetrating glare forcing the shifting man to retreat. He shriveled back, whining like a baby. Herocles realized he was a mere teenager, disguised as a man. This enraged him and he shot for one of the guards enlisted to keep watch.
“I specifically said, only viable men! Were my instructions so ambiguous?” The guard, who was dressed in full combat and toting a rifle, swiveled his head as if he’d not anything to do with bringing the boy there. There were only two positions: those that took the wolf men from the streets, and those who kept watch over them once they were brought in. The guard blinked helplessly at Herocles who rolled his eyes in displeasure.
“He was one of the last sir, mixed in with the group taken from outside the church. It was either nab him or risk being noticed,” another guard interceded on his comrade’s behalf.
This wasn’t nearly good enough. “Do you know the difference between a pure blood and a Halfling, you buffoons?!” The guards inched backwards, while still keeping an effectual eye on the prisoners.
Herocles knew enough of these human mothers, so desperate to save their poor sons who were unfortunate enough to be bitten. They’d stop at nothing to bring them home and that kind of publicity even Hero didn’t need. He was only seeking untainted blood, lines of Wepwawet specifically, but those wolves were harder to find and much harder to take. The streets of London would be paved in red, and that was an understatement. Still, they had managed a few, and if he was lucky, they’d prove to be directly linked to William. Just saying his name made Herocles’ skin crawl. It burned him deep that he’d killed that dog once, and that his own father, Atum, had brought him back. Herocles groaned to himself. William would be his first hit, and the one that would impact the most. Lina would have no choice but to submit, knowing that Atum would not intercede on her behalf twice. He waved down the blubbering guard.
“Where are the big ones?” he demanded. The burly man stepped aside, pointing to the end of the corridor.
“Fine,” he said, “go and watch the rest. They’ll need to feed soon, and keep clear of the bars, lest you care to truly lose your head,” he aptly warned. The men behind the prison doors were nearly salivating all over the place. Some had shifted the moment they were thrown in, their clothing and other articles such as cell phones, and other things had already been stripped from them. Whenever they shifted back they were forced to sit naked, that was of course until they talked. Others remained in human form, fearing not those on the other side. They kept a steady vigil of hate in their eyes to any that passed by.
Herocles moved toward the last cells. It was markedly quiet compared to the others, this of course didn’t surprise him. He knew they were far more intelligent, highly organized, and could communicate with one another, at unbelievably long distances. They also knew exactly who he was and would go to great lengths to tell him absolutely nothing. Damn hounds and their loyalty. He made his way to the first holding and peered inside. It was pitch black but that meant nothing to him. He could see regardless, and as he scanned the area and heard their heavy breathing he saw two of them, huddled up together in the far left corner. Herocles smelled them as hard as he could. Yes, definitely Wepwawet’s line, Lycion’s former soldiers for certain. Herocles smiled at them, knowing that with their preternatural wolf eyes, even in human form, they could see him as well. One of them spit clear across and through the bars, right into Herocles’ face.
 “Nie ne ke vi pomogne, demonot!”
Herocles wiped his face patiently. “That’s a shame, because you’ll stay until you do help me,” he replied. “And I’m no demon.”
The man got to his feet. Before Sean realized he was at the bars, his forehead pressed against the iron restraint, and his bright ochre lenses were on fire. His fangs dropped as he sniffed the air outside his confinement. Then he bellowed through laughter. “Your human smells delicious.”
Sean covered his throat and couldn’t help but move back. Herocles stopped him with a flash of his arm. He turned back to the inmate. “You’ll get nothing, until we reach an agreement. Information, for a nip.”
The man glared at Herocles and then to Sean. There was no way he could communicate telepathically with a human, and even if he could somehow alert Sean to who he was, or to get word to Will and the others, that devil would hear as well. Lydas was forced to remain silent. He instead engaged with his captor. “What’s wrong demon, angry you can’t hear my thoughts?”
Sean could see only the right half of this man’s face but could tell he was of massive size, over six feet and probably two hundred fifty pounds of muscle. His hair was brown, his skin a deep russet, and though his nails were grimy and he looked like a vagrant, Sean knew this man was no street trash. He was strong, in mind and spirit. He lowered his hands from his neck. Something inside told him, that man wouldn’t really hurt him. He didn’t know why, but the man was familiar. His memory was so foggy the last few days, or hours, actually he didn’t know which. It was like he was in a dream, one he couldn’t quite wake from.
Herocles snapped back at the inmate, “You’ll not be able to keep that up for long. I’m slowly starving you to death. Soon you’ll have to open up, and when you do, I’ll get exactly what I want from you.”
“I’ve already fed on a few of your guards. I’m feeling well,” the man told him defiantly.
Herocles wrinkled his nose, then got very nearer to the man. He took a whiff of his breath. “Those were my two weakest. Salut!”
The man howled in frustration and slammed his head against the bars as if he would break free. “I’ll drain them all, one by one if I have to, and you will have no one! Then, I’ll come for you!”
“I don’t think so. There’s nothing for you on the outside anymore.”
“What do you mean?” he shouted as Herocles took Sean by the arm, and began leading him from the cell block. The man was screaming now. “What do you mean?!”
Herocles paused at the entryway. He turned back to see the man’s cheek, pressing so hard against the bar. “There all gone you see, your beautiful mate, your son, your daughter.”
“You lie! You LIE!!!”
Herocles forced Sean to exit. He then return to the man’s cell. There was such fury and torment in his burning eyes. Herocles procured from his lapel a small pink box. He leveled it over the bars near the man’s chin. Then he walked away, listening as the man opened the box, which he knew held a child’s locket. Inside the locket were the pictures of the man, and of his wife. There was a spot of dried blood on the chain. Lydas smelled it.
“NO! NOOO!” he screamed, slamming his body against the gate. “Aa-Hana!!! My sweet angel, my little girl!” He erupted right there and began growling so viciously. The other wolves each shifted that second and did the same. Herocles smiled, and took Sean by the elbow. Amid the noise Sean could hear the man above the rest, having deflated to the ground, his sobs were suddenly all Sean could hear. His cries were terrible, his breathing so shallow now. He heard him cry out, over the sounds of the wolves howling.
 “Sitre, moJata ljubov, ne, ne!”

Back in Herocles’ office Sean stumbled to a spot near the glass top table. He buried his head in his hands, and felt as though his insides were going to burst. He’d never in all his life heard a grown man scream in such a way. It was something he never wanted to hear again.
Why was he there? Where should he have been? His mind raced trying so desperately to figure out what had happened to him and why, why had that man looked so familiar? Herocles leaned his head back in his chair, watching Sean go through all these emotions.
“Did you really do something to his family?”
Herocles didn’t care to go down this road with Sean. Right now he was the only one with any sort of real potential. He huffed in annoyance which he carefully tried to mask. “Sometimes you have to rough them up, to get their attention.”
Sean gaped at him with his big, puppy blue eyes. It nearly broke Herocles’ heart, except he didn’t have one. “What did you do to them?”
“Don’t concern yourself with that obnoxious scourge down there. When he decides to talk, he’ll be returned to his life, no harm at all.”
“What about his family, his children?”
“Good gracious!”
Sean felt ill. He glared at his employer. “You killed them.”
“Are you warm?” Herocles barked, ignoring his accurate assumption.
“Yes, but…”
“Are you no longer thirsty?”
“Yes, sure, but…”
“Then you’re fine. You’ve no cause for complaint.”
Sean decided it was time to button up. He’d have to try and figure things out on his own. Something about his employer was so disturbing. Like his gory paintings, the man was a fearsome devil. Sean no longer denied that. He wanted to get as far from him as possible 


17. Show and Tell 
“I don’t mean to press, but, we’ve been walking these tunnels for nearly an hour now…” Lina sighed, kicking away who knew what sort of debris from her boot. Her arms were gaining a grisly film. She really wished she’d taken her leather jacket back from the school teacher. And great, her ill morning swarmed back, like wasps. She envisioned the poor, mangled woman, practically uncoiled like a slinky right there in the street. Lina shook her head and made a grunting noise, while Collin forged ahead. In addition to her lack of protective attire, her hair felt scraggly, and her eyes were burning. The stank beneath the city tube was becoming unbearable. “It is disgusting down here. How can you stand it?”
Her guide held his fingers up to her which made her halt. He sniffed a few times, something she was trying not to do. “With those vans lurking around every corner, none of us is safe anymore. We don’t really have much choice. Our days of lounging comfortably in our beds are over, for the time being, anyways.” He strode a bit, as though he were offended.
Crap. Insulting his home—best way to win friends. “So, you’re looking for more of you, the ones that haven’t been taken, obviously?”
Collin swirled around, and gave her a sort of dreadful look. She didn’t know if he felt truly snubbed, or if was only thinking about his father. Lina gained a sizable lump in her throat, for both. His quiet made her cringe.
“I’m sorry. I’m, ah, I am a little rusty around people I guess.”
Collin suddenly looked surprised. He half smiled, then gave an amiable shrug. “Wolves need their pack.”
Lina laughed. “That’s it then? I’ve become socially inept?” She thought about that a second. Perhaps, her coven of mixed species, while full of tenderness, acceptance, and love, was still somehow…inadequate? How could that be? He watched her carefully. 
“You’re doing fine,” he amended quickly. “We don’t like living like this. We’ve been driven to it. If we keep out of sight, we can grow our numbers and train up a bit. Honestly, many of us have forgotten the cause. Most of us have never even been to war, and the ones that have don’t associate with our lot.”
She hadn’t even thought of that. Will and the others were so immersed in her and in the coven’s protection, and so they were well equipped to fight, but these boys, they had no idea what they might be up against. “I know so little about the worlds outside the compound, and outside the council’s protection.”
He brought his hand to her mouth which startled her. “Whatever you do, don’t mention the council.”
She pulled his palm away. “Why?”
“Those bastards would just as soon see us all put in cages. For all we know, they’re behind the kidnappings.”
“What?! That’s ridiculous. Why would the Dam Ilah do that? Why would they even care, what you’re all doing out here.”
“Uh, because we’re wolves…their once shackled servants.”
“Collin?” she said softly. “It’s not like that. It never was.”
“I know the stories, miss.”
“Yeah! So do I,” she argued, but then realized, this was no time to split hairs about the past between the Blood Gods and the Sons of Wepwawet. She could see that despite her change of laws, prejudice between the groups yet thrived. Her desire to stamp it out like a bad memory made sick rise in her throat. She took a deep breath and told herself calmly: one thing at a time.
“In any case,” he said, “we can’t go storming the place without backup, even if ya are, who you say.”
Lina looked surprised. She grabbed hold of his hand. It was soft to the touch, and relatively clean for a man on the loose, which wasn’t what she would have expected. Will’s and the others’ hands were harder, more calloused, used she liked to think of it. Lina gave him a funny look and though he knew what she was silently aiming at, he made no motion to explain himself. That was of course fine with her. “You don’t believe I’m Ahmose-set?”
“I didn’t say that.” He kept walking a few steps ahead. Lina was dumbfounded. Her identity had never been questioned before. Was this the part where she performed like a monkey? Somewhat miffed, she ran ahead to catch Collin. “Look, I’m her. If you need me to prove that before I meet the pack, I will.”
He puzzled over her face, and the shock and frustration that rested there. Soon his amber orbs gave a little jump. She thought he resembled the hatter, the way his cheeks widened. “Alright then.”
“Huh?” Lina hadn’t banked on his really needing evidence.
“Let’s see.” Collin pressed back against the dirty wall. He dropped his sack at his feet, folded his arms, and if anyone cared, looked a bit smug. Lina rolled her eyes and dropped her bag as well. When it was clear he wasn’t going to avert his gaze she grunted. “Oh, sorry,” he told her, abruptly giving her privacy.
“Collin?”
“Eh?”
“I’m only doing this for you, so that you can trust me.”
“I appreciate that.”
“I won’t be doing it for your friends.”
“Kay,” he called over his shoulder. She sensed his contented smirk.
Lina gave a huff and began to disrobe. The tunnel was totally empty except for the rats, but she still hated being so vulnerable. She decided to keep her change as brief as possible. She took off her boots and socks, placing them at her side. Then she removed her jeans, and her t-shirt, being careful to fold them neatly, and balance them over her boots. She didn’t have much with her and needed to keep things simple. 
“Spit spot!” urged Collin.

Argh! Lina stood there, naked, for all the vermin to see. She held her delicate parts, a little frightened, and a lot embarrassed. Then she closed her eyes. The fire tore through her neck and shoulders first, feeling like lit gasoline flooding her muscles and then her bones. Crack, and her ankles bent, just below mid-calf, and then she screamed in pain. With her back arched, she extended her arms out, the fingers elongated and almost touching Collins coat. If he’d have turned to her in that moment she would have scared him half to death.
“Y’alright?” he asked too quietly, now afraid to turn around. 
At his thigh he felt a simple nudge, non-threatening, the breathing husky. A ripple of noise left her body. Collin met Lina’s stare, her very bright, frightening stare. Her eyes had become two round yellow moons, with silver rings, and obsidian centers which had dilated four times. He took a step forward and Lina gave a benign growl, raising her hackles just to tease him. “Deadly!” he crowed. Lina beamed inside. “Didn’t know females even existed!” he marveled at her size and structure as if his eyes were playing tricks on him. Wepwawet’s line were notoriously all men. “May I?” he asked timidly. Lina lowered her head just enough that he could stroke her. “Your ears…” he sighed. “They’re so large, and hard, like they were made of thick bone.” He made circling patterns around them, coming toward her muzzle, and then back over the bridge of her nose again. “None of the wolves I ever meet are all white either. Your paws are the size of mitts!” Lina made a grumbling noise like she was hurt. “Nah, I mean they’re still pretty, delicate.” Alright now he was just sucking up.
A moment passed and then Lina was ready to phase back. She didn’t feel safe this way. A little nip at Collin and he knew to turn around. When she’d dressed again she tapped his shoulder.
“How was that?”
“That was amazin!” he shouted. Any louder and they’d have been heard all the way in Bristol.
“Wow good, wow bad?”
“You’re fantastic, bigger than a man!”
Lina bent down to tie her bootlace. “That’s a good thing?”
“Depends.” 
“On?”
“How’re your fightin’ skills?”
“What do you think?”
Collin blew a raspberry. “Think the boys’ll be wantin to rouse ya, strictly skill against skill alone, y’know, that sort of thing.”
“That’s, not going to happen,” she confirmed with finality.
“Oh no, course not. Childish.”
“Think?” she asked playfully.
“Could really get out of debt bettin’ on you though.”

Lina’s nose crinkled. Fight Club, for werewolves? Despicable. Did everyone need to be policed? Was no one civilized anymore? She was about to become a mother. She didn’t have time to play babysitter. “Collin?” she began, more authoritatively. “I am who I say. I can force a tidal wave through here, which would reach the manholes and flood the city. I can tear London Bridge from its watery roots, and set it back down in Dubai with ease,” she warned him. Collin’s body gave a shiver, which she noticed he tried to disguise. “I can bring the wind and storms to their doorsteps,” she added, averting her eyes to the humans above ground, “and push a hurricane along the coast all the way to South America. What I need to know is, will you all drive me to it, or can you simply trust that I’ve told you the truth.” For good measure, Lina allowed her power to pool up from her toes, into her groin, up through her chest, and out through every orifice, creating a simple earthquake at their feet. Her silver lenses turned white like her fur, and she released her vampire fangs in order for him to see. “Is this enough for you?” she asked, still enchanted, her canines slightly drawing blood to her lips. At that, he couldn’t look at her. She knew then, he was a worthy ally. She knew, because he was so afraid. Fear was the strongest motivator in war-like situations. Lina hated how true that statement was now becoming.
With his face covered, and his arm outstretched to hold her at bay, he cried out, “Yes, yes, it’s enough.”
Lina righted herself and the area, picked up her pack and fluffed her hair. “Good. Let’s get a move on.” Collin barely garbled a response.
After they’d gone a bit farther Lina realized she was hungry again. A month ago she could hunt two maybe three times a week and be satisfied. Now, everything was different. Her whole body was different. She was developing an unquenchable appetite that just wouldn’t quit. “Where are we now? It reeks of…” Lina’s stomach couldn’t handle much more. She had to be pregnant. Why else would her body be responding so poorly to this normally benign stimulus? “Oh,” she replied, bringing her finger down and looking around the area. The tunnels had come to a tri fork. Collin began entering the darkest of the three. It was wet, moldy and felt about twenty degrees cooler than earlier on their path. That was until they got inside. The trail wound narrowly beneath the railway, before meeting a warm cavern. Suddenly Lina felt hot. The contrast was uncanny, the stink, unbearable.


18. Rogues
“Agh, that is awful. What is that?” Lina complained, holding her nose yet again.
“That, is my brother, Cal. This way,” Collin said. “We’re getting closer now.” She obeyed and kept in tow, her own body heat rising with each step. “We’re up ahead,” he told her, picking up the pace.
And that’s when she sensed them, the wolves. It felt like they were right on top of their den now. The stench of sweat, cigarettes, alcohol, and the undercoat of dog pheromones was so pungent, so strong. Lina didn’t know what sort of group she was stumbling upon. Were they like Will and his brothers? Were they civilized enough? Were they organized in some way, having established a hierarchy of order, out here in the concrete jungle? She hadn’t much experience at all with any of the other covens or packs. She prayed at the very least they were loyal to the old ways, and to her. Out here, in the mix of humans, and monsters, Lina worried about who she could trust. Like her grandmother, Linora always said, “Keep your enemies close. Evil wears many hats.”
“This way,” Collin said, while holding a leaning wooden door for her to pass. It seemed as though they were entering another obscene tunnel, but when she adjusted her eyes she realized it was much more than that. 
They came out into a wide open space, with brick walls surrounding and four passageways on each side. The well of the structure was full of men, fifteen or twenty maybe, each dressed moderately in jeans, army coats, caps, and sneakers. Torches were lit around the arena, and in the center of the ring of spectators, were two shifted wolves. One was about two hundred pounds, and silver with white accents. The other had a good fifty pounds on the other, with a coat of red and brown. They were bloody, tired, but that didn’t stop them from fighting. Snarls and whines ensued and the noise was awful, reverberating to the vaulted ceiling. The men watching continued shouting too, as their brothers fought for dominance. A minute or two later the smallest of the pair locked his muzzle over his opponent, and the big wolf howled in pain. And that was that. They shifted back and stood there, perspiring, and proud. Everyone cheered and two boys, fourteen perhaps, jumped into the ring and handed the men their clothes and bottles of water. The big wolf knocked one kid in the shoulder and growled. The kid scrambled for a cooler, bringing back a bottle of beer instead. The man opened it with his teeth and took a huge chug, letting half the bubbling contents drizzle down his stubbly chin.
Barbarous, thought Lina, as she averted her attention to the welcoming dirt floor. She soon felt penetrating heat on her face and realized she’d caught someone’s interest. Collin touched her forearm gently. “Don’t mind Cal, ya? He’s a big softy.”
She doubted that, very much.
“I’ll be right back,” he told her, to which she immediately looked up. He had already crossed the arena and was making his way over to another very large fellow, with a round face, and fiery black eyes. He was glaring in her general direction and she understood, he was the pack master. If that’s what they even called themselves. Will never used the term. He felt it was inaccurate. Soldiers still faithful to Isis, and to Lycion lived in regular homes, or on compounds as she had in Cumbria. They hunted by strict guidelines, and they never went native, ever. They didn’t have a true leader except for Lycion himself, but even the king was long removed from the station of leading. Nowadays the wolves followed the orders of the queen, or they were supposed to. This made her presence in their environment…sticky. They clearly had been living off the grid for some time. Who knew how they felt about her? Oh, there he goes again, she thought, glaring, like a psychopath. Magnificent, she mumbled, trying hard not to reciprocate. The others began a steady buzz of whispering and gawking which made Lina feel like she had shown up stark nude to a stag party. She decided to play the part of innocent girl, all the while pricking her ears to hear what Collin and the dark one were saying. It was hard to syphon out their conversation, over the loud heartbeats of the wolves, and their incessant scratching and grumbling. Euw. She focused harder, while picking at her nail and finally removing her cell phone from her pocket. She was on her second one in three months, the first upgrade due to her dropping hers in the toilet, and this one because it was untraceable, or at least she’d made it so in an effort to ward off her mates or other coven members from tracking her. Lina pricked her ears to listen to Collin.
“She’s the real deal McNair, I swear it. I wouldn’t have brought her here otherwise.”
“Certain a that,” the man said, crudely alluding to Lina’s sensuality. That made her want to vomit on her shoes. She didn’t. 
Collin pulled off his cap, and rubbed his shaggy hair. He cocked his head into McNair’s ear, and Lina was shocked the man didn’t take a chomp. He certainly looked the cannibal type. “She showed me.”
Suddenly the large den grew still. Lina did also, slowly putting her cell in her pocket, without moving much at all. She very carefully brought up her face, knowing she’d need to look each and every one of them in the eye now, in order to make them see. McNair would be the last, and she could feel the doubt in his aura. He was very old, and very protective of his motley brood. She could respect that. In fact, she would do nothing to come between it, or compromise it. But he did need to obey her. He knew it, and she knew it, the only problem was, he was more than reluctant. 
“She’s here to help,” Collin told him.
McNair snuffed harshly. “Help with what?”
“You know, the abductions.”
“Is that right?”
Oh this was ridiculous. They were getting nowhere and fast, and Lina did not have time for it. She was all for honoring their pack and their ways, but old Miss Hannigan over there was starting to get on her last nerve. Lina began making her way through the crowd. At first everyone moved back and out of her way. She should have known there was always one heckler who had to ruin it for the rest. She had assumed it would be Cal who ventured first, seeming to be the instigator of the lot, but she was wrong. He was already lounging in a cheap plastic chair, boots up on a stump, coddling his beer like a teat.
Another tough guy made his way to her fast, and brazenly inhaled her hair. Lina whirled around, but kept her composure. He howled with laughter, then affected his own chomp in the air. “Don’t worry sweetness, I don’t bite…hard,” he boasted, while few others joined him. The rest seemed generally put off by his obnoxious behavior.
Lina smiled pleasantly back at the man, who was about six three and a few hundred pounds heavier than her. He attempted to lift a lock of her hair, and she allowed it at first, all the while still smiling. The brute looked around to his mates, waiting for applause or maybe even direction. One stepped a foot back, shaking his head slightly to the assailant, who was too dumb to heed the warning. Before he blinked Lina had caught his thick wrist in her hand, twisted it till it snapped in three places, and then wound it around his back, in a most excruciating position. 
“Oh, ohhh, okay girlie, I understand, made a mistake,” he jabbered on, begging her to let go. No one else made a move, not even McNair which surprised Lina. He acted oddly indifferent.
“Where are your manners?” she asked in the big guy’s ear. He smelt of cigarettes, cabbage, and peaches. Lina hated all three. She twisted harder, this time dislocating his shoulder. He screamed in pain, pleading with her to let go and apologizing profusely for his error.
“I, I have some, I lost them, I mean, I’ll use them, I know, I know, I won’t, it won’t happen again, please!”
Lina wasn’t yet satisfied, and so she lunged on top of him, as he half slumped there, his arm at an un-natural angle, and his ruddy cheeks turning purple. Her little body fit neatly at his hip, as she caressed his face. Her eyes turned black, leaving no white at all, and then she dropped her fangs, just as she had with Collin. The man spit and coughed, trying to turn his chin away from her but she wouldn’t allow it. He needed to see. They all needed to see the real her, and even at that, this was just a quarter of it. It would do though. Lina’s predatory mouth was centimeters from his vulnerable earlobe.
“Never approach a lady unless you’re invited, understand?” she asked, coming just to the crook of his juicy neck. His pulse was racing, and his hot wolf blood was damn near boiling, but not from desire, from fear. Unfortunately, when opponents came in contact with her, the two emotions were synonymous.
“No, no ma’am, I understand.”
Lina leapt off the man, straightened her t-shirt and shook off her phase. He remained like a crooked statue, but his yellow gaze was heartbreaking. “I’m sorry I had to do that. Would you like me to fix it?”
He gaped at her. McNair, who’d played the part of disinterested father long enough, finally appeared concerned. He made no move of course, but Lina sensed his displeasure with the whole ordeal. “P-please, yeah, please, if you don’t mind,” the chap replied. McNair rolled his eyes.
Lina stepped to her former accoster, this time in kind. He startled regardless, but seeing soon that her temperament had changed, he finally relaxed. Warmth and light filled her own aura, as she rose her hands to him. She quickly adjusted his arm, then moved onto to his broken thumb and wrist. After she’d healed him, and he was able to get his composure and stand again, she brought up a fist. He gaped, as if it were a rustled rattler. Lina smiled encouragingly, knowing she needed to make friends, play nice. Reluctantly, he bumped it with his own beefy one. She felt satisfied.
“Th-thank you for, what you did, just there,” he offered, still reeling from the ordeal and the magic that came from her fingertips.
“What are you called?” She ignored his gratitude.
“Sully.”
“Sully. That’s nice.”
“Thank you miss.”
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
He turned six shades of red as the rest of the crew began hissing and calling. “No miss.”
“When you find one, always ask permission.”
“I will.”
“And bring flowers…even if she says she doesn’t like them.”
This made him grin like a child. He simply bobbed his head and wobbled back to his friends. He was new. He needed lots of training, in many facets of his life. She hated to have done what she did, but she couldn’t allow them to be such heathens, even if they weren’t part of her coven. Will would have done the exact same thing, she was sure of it. Being a solider was not only about strength and courage, but about their bond, their honor, and their ability to keep focused when the days grew long and dark. Many in this mixed group needed some of those life lessons, lessons that she wished her husbands were there to assist with. For a moment her own heart grew heavy. She didn’t have a second to think of Will and Jaime, before McNair approached her. He lit a cigar and just stood there for the longest, squinting, like John Wayne. Lina was thoroughly annoyed but tried hard to play her role. Finally the man spoke and she was startled by the deep richness of his voice. 
“That was quite a show.” 
Lina squared her shoulders. “More productive than the one you’re running here.”
His citrine orbs flashed, and for a moment it looked as though she’d have to teach him a similar lesson. But McNair knew who he was, and where they were. She understood then, that he was no boy. He was seasoned, strong, and could more than handle confrontation without losing control. His pack was the most important thing in the world to him. He might have been lacking in the nurturing department, but he was their leader, their protector. She wouldn’t punish him for the obvious parental deficit.
“We do what we can.”
“I see,” she said in acceptance.
“How is it you’ve come to us?” he broached fast.
She clamored inside for the right words, the ones that wouldn’t implicate her or assist her in sending them straight for the coven. She was undertaking this mission alone and just happened upon Collin by mistake. The coincidence could cost her. “I’m doing some research, on…”
“Rogues?” he quizzed, raising a brow. She could feel her nose wrinkling.
“Among other things.”
McNair skewered her face, and she suddenly felt it was frying over a grill. “Can we assist?”
She stopped her breath. “Ah, no, I thought maybe I could, help you.”
“Hmph.”
McNair moved back towards the center of the ring. The rest of the pack circled in closer, and with a simple look from their leader, they lowered to the ground. Lina of course was left standing, and for the first time felt out of place doing so. People normally bowed for her, and even though she’d not gotten used to it, it was odd to feel she now had to do the same. 
“I understand wolves have been taken, some in broad daylight, all around the city?”
A few of the men began to wail a bit until McNair silenced them. “It’s under control.”
“What?”
“I said, it’s all under control. We don’t need your help.”
Lina glanced at Collin, who’d become un-customarily quiet. A little assistance, she thought. 
“Look, McNair, I don’t know what’s happened here. I don’t know why the wolves have been taken, and I don’t know who’s behind it. What I do know, is that it won’t stop. More and more will be taken, unless we do something.” The lie made a nice-fitting noose around her throat. Herocles was behind it, because wasn’t he behind all recent calamity? The gnawing in her gut grew more and more impatient, forcing her to believe her own premature accusation. If she was right, and Herocles was responsible, what could be his angle? Surely attacking Will and Jaime would propel action from her far faster. So why these wolves, who paid homage only to themselves?
McNair was reflecting also. He took a few more puffs of his cigar. Then he sighed, like the last thing he cared to do was align himself with her. Was it because she was queen? Or was it simply that she was a woman? Out of the blue he chuckled. His gaiety soon turned to loud guffaws which shook the hall. Interesting, she said inside.
“Did I say something funny?” she asked.
He wiped his eyes. “Not at all.”
“Are we agreed then? We dig together?”
He glanced at the others, then to Cal who was falling into a barley & hops induced coma. He was about to fill the cavern with his resonating snore, until McNair cleared his throat. He did so twice before Cal fell in line. Collin moved toward his brother, giving him a generous arm to lean on. Their leader, stuck out his hand to her. She looked around once and fast before locking her fingers around McNair’s just hard enough. This too, amused the man. It annoyed Lina, but now wasn’t the time for posturing with the big dogs. She’d shown herself to them, one of them anyway. She couldn’t very well renege on her offer, not when the stakes were this high, and not when she didn’t know who to trust. The dots were swirling, but something told her she’d be connecting them very soon.


19. Lockdown
Isis failed to mention, as did Anchille, that securing the mansion meant keeping the coven in as well. Ahkmenotep moved through the depressed passageways—every door, and window was sealed with magic. A sort of electric blue wave moved quickly, leaving the south end, the north side, as well as the corridor leading down into Isis’ crypt sealed off. Avati could still move freely through the barrier in order to keep watch over their queen, but most knew she was doing so for a far more crucial reason. The coven’s patriarch was now under suicide watch. Despite Isis’ demanding that Anchille remain in this realm until all was over, he could not abide. He was tormented by her ever-present thoughts, unable to let her drift slowly in sleep. The boys, Ashmolean and Khan, also wished to keep a constant vigil on their mother, something Will opposed greatly. He’d been trying his best to keep up moral, knowing that they too, could easily be swept up in the moment as their father. He had already caught Khan trying to slip through the cracks when Avati had come out to bring Anchille fresh blood. Thomas had to seize the boy, who was nearly his size in height and muscle. 
“Let me go!” Khan shouted. “I need to be with her. I need to be there when she wakes up! Let go of me!” the boy cursed, struggling in Will’s brother’s arms like a boar. He dropped his fangs and reared his head back, butting Thomas in the lip. It began bleeding profusely but Thomas did nothing to stop it. He only kept a hold of the boy as Ash stepped in.
Ash, who had his mother’s looks, but Anchille’s calm disposition, carefully took his brother in his arms, and the moment Khan’s skin touched his he relaxed. “Mother wouldn’t want you to behave this way. We follow her orders, as they do.”
They moved aside and Khan offered no apology to Thomas, which was fine with all. He was in pain, and everyone understood that. “What if she doesn’t come back Ash?”
Ashmolean glanced back at Thomas and Will, giving quick indication that should that unfortunate situation arise, they would need to protect Khan with everything in them. The two wolf brothers nodded fast that they comprehended fully. “She’ll wake, when the time is right. For now, we have to be strong for father. You know that, don’t you?” Ash asked Khan, who was trying to hide the wiping of his moonlit eyes. Ashmolean carefully parted his brothers caramel curls, and tucked them behind his ears. “Don’t you?” he asked again. Khan finally nodded and gave his brother a hug. It still amazed Will how much the young ones had grown and matured. It felt like only yesterday they were those angelic infants, giggling up at their statuesque mother. Their residual laughter yet rang in the halls of this old place, like distant memories of an easier time gone by. Will hated how quickly immortal children were forced to grow up. He despised their lack of freedom, their mistrust of the world, and their complete powerlessness to evil. What will happen when his son enters the world? How will he grow, and what death will his eyes see? The way of Wepwawet’s decedents was to follow the path of the father, to become a solider, to fight for that cause. Will wanted his child to have no part of it. He knew that there was little choice in the matter. This was the way of it, and that was that.
“Why is this happening at all?” asked Khan.
“I don’t know,” Ashmolean answered helplessly.
“I thought she was the most powerful. Why couldn’t she stop this?”
“Mother?”
“No, Lina. She was supposed to become even stronger than Isis, right? So why isn’t she able to make all this stop?”
“I don’t think anyone has the answer to that. Maybe that’s why she left. She knew that mother would order a lock down, and if that happened successfully, we would be safe.”
Khan shook his head. “There’s something else going on Ash, I can feel it.”
“Come on, you need to eat.”
Khan agreed minimally, and began following Ash toward the kitchen. He stopped at the corner and glanced back at Thomas and Will. For a moment they stared at one another. Khan finally gave a forlorn shrug, which made Thomas smile.
It’s okay, he sent to the boy kindly.
After they’d disappeared Thomas and Will made their way to the parlor where the rest of the covens had begun congregating. Ahkmenotep was coming down the center staircase, having finished his spell in the upper rooms, library, and attic.
“Done?” asked Will. Somewhere inside he had a glimmer of hope that the professor might have made a mistake, left some small opening for them to escape. Ahkmen grinned at him.
“Finished as planned, and don’t even think of trying to break the bond. I am, above all else, thorough.” 
“Good, great…now what?” he asked, feeling discouraged. 
“Meaning?”
“What the hell do we do, play chess?”
“Hey, Will…we could get drunk,” offered his brother with a devious squint. Will shook his head in annoyance. For once, he had no desire. It was time for action.
“Boys, in Lina’s absence Isis is your queen. Your duty is to serve her, in any way she sees fit, and right now, she has asked you to remain. Do you have a problem with that?” Ahkmenotep took down his glasses, and rubbed them clean with his kerchief. He replaced them in seconds and stared hard at the two men, his slate eyes dancing with anticipation. Thomas looked confused but not Will. He stepped a few feet closer to the professor. He observed the streaks of silver in the old vampires black hair, the clean lines etching his forehead and eyes. Ahkmen’s pupils dilated. His face hadn’t changed in the thousands of years that Will knew him, but there was something distinctly off now. Normally he was the most collected, the most reserved of any of them. He rarely became passionate, except for science. Will got even closer to his face. The man was exploding inside.
“You have something you wish to share with us do you?” Will asked speculatively.
Ahkmenotep kept mum.
“You aim to let us out,” whispered Will. Ahkmen drew his finger to his thin lips. He motioned for the lower study, and the three of them made their way quickly.
Across the hall from the parlor, where voices were buzzing, the men slipped in through a single arced door. It was the place Ahkmenotep had been working privately, never allowing anyone to enter, until now. Will always thought it was simply to house the extensive library that was Ahkmen’s collection. He’d seen Ash and Khan come in many times to receive their tutelage. Had they been taken into the professor’s confidence, he wondered? The man had dusty relics from his days in Egypt, and they were now piled high to the ceilings. To the untrained eye this room looked a shambles, a hoarder’s haven, but to Thomas and Will, it was an affectionate repository. Only three others had the real deal: Iaode, Eurelios, and Janas. Ahkmenotep was the closest thing to a prophet, with his widespread knowledge of the coven’s history, and his firsthand experience fighting with Isis in Achaia. If not for her changing him into a Blood God during that battle, he probably would have been taken under the prophets’ wings. Ahkmen didn’t seem to mourn the loss though. He took great pride in staying at Isis’ side all these years, teaching her offspring, leading the covens. It was a position of the highest honor.
“On the days that I taught Ash and Khan, this room appeared much differently,” said Ahkmen. He raised a finger to the walls, giving a little circling motion, and they began to move inwards. Like they’d been sucked into another dimension, the entire stock of history disappeared, leaving behind harmless furniture, a globe identical to the one in the main library, tutorials on metaphysics and the like, and two small children’s tables and chairs.
“You’re a magician!” Thomas chortled in praise, taking a seat on a very small couch, not made for men. Ahkmen chuckled and waved the room back to its natural state, leaving Thomas on his rear with a thud.
“My gift is what will get you out of here,” he reminded, taking a seat at a much larger wooden table heaped with information and maps. He drew them nearer, and began trailing his pencil along the lines leading to the center of London. “This is where you should start. I can’t give you specifics, but in my visions I saw a woman lying in the street. She was covered in blood,” he paused, because Will’s eyes had grown larger than his heart. “Not Lina. A human. She’d been struck, by a vehicle moving very fast and eastbound, near this juncture here.” He tapped the map. 
“What does that have to do with Lina?”
“My thoughts pulled to this place. The vision came thereafter, as if I was supposed to see this woman. It’s relevant. I’m sure of it.”
“Why does Isis want everyone to stay here? Why aren’t we heading out as one?” asked Thomas.
Ahkmenotep reflected, leaning back in his chair. He reached to the end stand, took up his pipe, filled it, lit it, and took a deep puff. The smoke swirled its sweetness into the air before he answered. “If your entire race was about to be wiped out…wouldn’t you do anything you could to safeguard a select group?” There was a lengthy, excruciating pause.
“Which race are we talking about Ahkmen?” asked Thomas.
“He means humans as well as immortal,” offered Will soberly.
“They’re all going to die, every last one of them, aren’t they?” Thomas threw up his arms as if they’d already been defeated. Will was un-customarily calm. 
“Haven’t we as immortals learned one important thing if nothing else Thomas?” asked Ahkmen. Thomas put his hands on his sides in a huff, waiting. “We survive. One empire falls, but a new one rises in its place. Isis, more than any, knows that.”
“How may I ask?”
“Make certain that it is our kind that is left standing when the fire and dust settles.”
“Are you getting all this Will?” Thomas asked.
“You knew you would be the ones to help her,” said Ahkmen. “I don’t believe for a second that you weren’t going to try, and circumvent Isis’ decree. So, let us stop with pretend, and get on with our real intent. I have sealed the entire house which will protect the little ones long after this business ends. Avati will stay with Isis and Anchille, as will I, because he will need support…should the queen not rise again, and I pray that day never comes,” he exhaled, “…as for the others, they must remain. Isis knows that they could truly end up being the last of both species, and so your brothers may not join you. Aeron and Aeimil must stay here, and help to ease this time not only for our king, but for Omri, Isha, and Jane.”
“What do you mean?” asked Charles. He glanced to Will. Were they not going to make it out alive either? Was this the last he would see of his own mate? They’d barely began their life together.
“There are many dark days ahead I’m afraid. It is going to get far worse before it gets better, and we must be prepared for that,” said Ahkmenotep, placing a compassionate hand on Charles.
“And Vitto, Aeolian, Lyon and the others?” inquired Will.
“They will be angry for being left behind, but that is the way it is to be. I’ve made arrangements for enough blood for all for the next several months. They will not need for anything. They will be taken care of, no matter what.”
“What will you do Ahkmen, if Herocles does return?”
He reflected on that, taking another puff. He exhaled with some frustration which he masked in a hurry. “He knows Lina very well. He knows she will stay as far from those she loves as possible. He won’t come here. It’s why she did what she did, because she knows him. She spent enough time with him in that pit to know, he only wants her.”
“You sound overly confidant. We don’t like the idea of abandoning you. Need I remind you of Lina’s ascension,” said Will. The Black Wolves didn’t waste any time converging on the compound to kill them all then. What made this time around any different?
“Yeah, and what about last year, with Ankh-sut?” added Thomas. “Our enemies aren’t afraid to bring the fight straight to our door Ahkmen, don’t be crazy.”
“Ankh-sut is dead, by your queen’s hands, along with most of her sons. Hero, as I stated…will not come here.”
“It doesn’t feel right Will, leaving like this.” Thomas went to the door and pressed his hand against the grain. Isha was only ten feet away. They hadn’t even been properly bonded yet. They hardly had time to discuss or plan before all this blew up in their faces. Now he had to leave her, maybe for good. He wanted to help his brother. He wanted to go to Lina. He wanted to choke the life out of that son of a bitch Herocles. He just wished he could do all of that and not leave his mate in the process. They wouldn’t even get to say goodbye. She would have to stay behind, all the while knowing he probably wouldn’t return to her. Thomas punched the door as hard as he could, the noise made Ahkmen and Will blink. Charles had his face buried in his hands over the table.
“You’re sure?” Thomas finally asked Ahkmen. He didn’t turn around. 
“We will be fine. In any case, I have a way of getting everyone to further safety…if it comes to that.” Ahkmenotep needed Thomas to know, that should plans go awry his love would be safe.
Thomas turned and stared at Will. He cupped his hands over his mouth and blew.
“Our job is shit huh?” he asked. 
“Understatement!”
They laughed and gave each other a hug. Duty sucked, anyway they looked at it. The glory of their early days had finally lost its bloom. They’d become restless for normalcy, for the redundant blandness humans took for granted. It was something they knew…they were about to kill for.
“What do we do?” Will addressed Ahkmen.
“You two, along with Charles, and Jaime, will go to Lina. You will help her succeed in destroying Herocles once and for all. You will put an end to any that oppose our laws. You will do that because that is what your former queen is asking of you. Isis spent her entire existence prepping this world so that it would be safe for you, now you will do the same for her, and for her posterity.”
“We’ll meet resistance. There are way too many rogues Ahkmen. It’s been years since the council probably had an accurate number, and of that, how many remain faithful to Isis in their hearts. Do they even know about Ahmose-set…” he paused, shaking his head, “…I mean, Lina. Do they know she’s queen?”
“Don’t underestimate the wolves from the outside, or the vampires. One thing has remained a constant in our little community. Wepwawet’s bloodline is long, whether they are true committed soldiers, or if they roam the earth as free agents. The same can be said of the children of the Dam Ilah. It matters not if they are true blood or made. You will make the decision at the time. Use your powers as you’ve been taught. A traitor is a traitor, and you will smell it as clearly as your own skin.”
Will and his brothers agreed.
“Those that will join you will earn their lives. Those who oppose you…” he didn’t finish.
“Ahkmen?” asked Will, his glorious face agitated. Thomas saw the utter torment of his brother, the pain it would cause him if they failed. But, there was more in his demeanor that felt like foreshadowing. “Ahkmen, please,” Will wept. Thomas went to his side in a flash, instantly holding him, trying to bring him around.
“What, what did he ask you?”
Ahkmenotep went to Will. He placed his hand to the man’s shoulder carefully.
“Yes,” he finally muttered. The word choked in his mouth.
Will buried his face in his hands, leaving Thomas gaping. There were no sobs, no tears, only the most painful roar. 
“What do you tell him?! Tell me!”
Ahkmen didn’t answer and after a moment Will was under control. He followed the professor to the window and watched as he parted the long curtains and unlatched the sill. “In a moment there will be a knock at the door. It should be Jaime. I’ve already spoken to him. He told Jane nothing, only that it was of utmost importance that she remain quiet to the others. You should go now, hurry. You don’t have much time. Herocles will move fast. Take this with you.” He handed Thomas a wallet. It was full of money and four passports for each of them. “You don’t know how far you may have to travel, and should you need to go farther still, you will be on your own. Call upon your mother. The Oracles will be there, to help in any way they can.” The knock came. It was soft but calculated.
Will could hardly move and Thomas wished he knew why. He greeted Jaime with a knowing side embrace. Jaime went straight for Will after. As soon they met eyes Will grabbed a hold of him as tightly as he could.
You know too, don’t you, he sent privately.
Jaime trembled violently beneath his arms. Yeah.
“Go, there isn’t time!” Ahkmen rushed the four of them to the window, and they jumped out one by one. “Here, take my car!” he tossed his keys to Charles. “At some point you will shift and run. Will knows where you can leave it in London. Make haste!”
The men ran to the car and got in. Thomas revved the engine and Will glanced back at the window where Ahkmenotep still stood. As they pulled out the winding drive they could see the blue wave of electricity move over the last of the doors, and the one remaining window. They were now on the outside of their familiar world.


20. Tracking
The sky was a deep grey and storm clouds were forming fast. Herocles was busy at work, and soon they would meet him head on. Thomas sped through the obelisks, making their way out to Hardknott Pass. He would keep on until meeting the highway, and they would take that all the way through till they reached the M6. It would be a long ride but with his driving skills, and the shroud of the sports car, they could manage to be there in a few hours. Ahkmenotep was right, running would not be as efficient or safe. 

Jaime stirred in the back seat. He looked at Will who he knew was pretending to sleep. “What time is it?” he asked, rubbing his eyes and cursing the two day stubble on his face. 
“It’s just after three,” Thomas told him as he turned off the main road and into a little gas station. “We are outside of…” he said long, looking around, “…Biscester. We’ve only got a short ways to go.”
“How fast were you driving?” 
“About a hundred and twenty, give or take.”
“It’s almost morning, you better drive slower now.”
Thomas gurgled as he undid his belt. “Nah.”
Jaime rolled his eyes and got out too. He needed to stretch his legs. “I’m gonna grab a drink. You want anything.”
“Yep, food.”
Jaime took the cash from Thomas. “In the form of?”
“We’re in hill country over here, so I guess a nice farm girl will do.”
“You’re…a criminal, right? You know that?”
“I know,” agreed Thomas, lifting the pump. “A sandwich of some sort is fine. Check the date though. I don’t need food poisoning from rancid meat.”
“Yes your highness.”
“Will?” said Jaime after coming round. “Hey,” he shook him a little.
“Hmm?”
“Hungry?”
“Starving.”
“It’s a gas station, there’s probably not much.”
“I’ll have what my brothers having,” Will said with a closed eyed smile.
Jaime was happy to see his spirits lifted, however temporary.
“Young girl it is.”
Jaime walked into the Esso and scanned quickly. There were no pretty farm girls in sight, and none manning the cash register. It was only a portly gent with a grungy t-shirt and a missing tooth. Delectable, thought Jaime wryly. He bobbed his head out the door and yelled, “It’s a dude! You still want some?” He heard an eruption of laughter from the silver car. A few moments later he returned with a stockpile of crap food, and several bottles of water, juice, and energy drinks. He cracked one open and downed nearly the whole thing. Charles grimaced.
“You know that stuff will rot your gut and your teeth.”
“Says the guy who polishes off a bottle of wine.”
“Not the same.”
Jaime laughed. “The world’s ending. We might as well live it up while we can!” He said this while greedily prying open a package of crème filled sandwiches. Charles turned green.
“Probably has a longer shelf life than us, and we’re immortal!”
“Oh relax!” said Jaime. “I don’t always eat like this. You don’t look like I look eating this way.”
“Whatever you say, garbage pit.”
“Maybe we’ll meet a nice meal down the road, hey Charlie?” asked Thomas, giving his brother a half serious look before closing off the pump.
Will was staring out the window. He hadn’t heard or paid attention to the chatter around him. All gaiety and warmth had vanished as if it’d never been there at all. Jaime handed him a bagel and some juice which Will waived down. He sat it next to him anyway. “It’s gonna be okay, ya’know?”
“Sure,” was all Will managed, keeping his attention outward. The sky above the mart was dark at the top and purplish red at the bottom where the sun would rise.
“Let’s get going,” said Thomas, strapping himself in. He quickly shoved his breakfast in his mouth and turned to see the coming traffic. Charles grumbled at him and Thomas moved his head just close enough that his brother could also take a bite. “Have some!” he mumbled.
“Gross!” Charles shoved him back. Jane was right. They were all pigs, including him. The last three months she’d been forcing him to eat all kinds of grass. Other than feeling like a rabbit, it wasn’t half bad. She was always so thoughtful of him, and of his health, though clearly his pack brothers here were right. They could eat whatever the hell they wanted and never gain an ounce. Their constitution preferred red-blooded meat of course, but that didn’t mean they stuck to their diets always. Still, it made him happy that she cared for him, that she wanted the best for him. He had never met anyone like her, not even as a younger man in Macedonia. There the women were so aggressive, so hungry for domination. At court they would sit on the sidelines, watching the men train and you could always sense when they were about to jump in by default. Charles didn’t agree with their lack of training. He thought it was archaic to make them sit and observe without the opportunity to exercise as well. Their lack of liberty made them cold as iron, closed off. Jane was the exact opposite. She was strong, confidant, but also soft. He appreciated that about her. He loved her for it. Charles studied his ring finger, smiling inside at the memory of her giving the gift to him. He’d told her that wolves didn’t really partake in the human tradition. She wouldn’t hear of it. She had slipped the gunmetal adornment onto his hand with a quick motion, and only said, “When you’re out in the world without me, you’ll remember how much you’re loved.” As if he would ever forget. He felt her stronger when they were apart. He raised the collar of his shirt up. He could smell her lips on the lining. Thomas gave his elbow a nudge as they passed an after-hours pub with flickering lights. A group of women were stumbling out to their car in the foggy parking lot. Charles watched them and Thomas saw his ears prick and his nostrils flare. The women were laughing, as the driver fumbled for her keys. Thomas slowed down, and cracked Charles’ window. Will stirred in the back but didn’t speak and Jaime was comatose from his sugar binge.
“Delicious,” said Thomas softly, giving a lick to his lips. He leaned over the steering wheel and flexed his fingers. Charles inhaled from the side street.

They picked up speed a ways down the road.

***
“We’re here,” said Thomas. “This is weird but, where am I going? I honestly have no idea what to do.”
Will sat up, and tried moving his neck and back. “I need out of this car.”
“Okay, okay, hang on a second. I’m not sure where we are exactly.”
Charles looked around outside the passenger door. “This is Strand. This is downtown. Trafalgar should be just up ahead.” He leaned out his window and took a deep breath.
“What do you got?”
He did it again. Then he lowered his head. “Nothing, just, empty. Will, on the map Ahkmen said to go near Piccadilly. That’s right near where the woman was struck. Should we go that way?” Will was staring out the window. Blood was still churning in his gut and he didn’t know if he wanted to find more, or force himself to be sick. What had he done, he thought? “Will?”
“Go up to Craven Street,” he answered them listlessly. Thomas peered at him from the driver’s seat. Will had blood on his shirt collar. He would point it out later. He knew Will couldn’t handle much more.
“What about the map?” asked Charles.
“Never mind. Go Thomas,” said Will.
Thomas slowed at the next block and turned left. He coasted along at five miles an hour, unsure of where to go. “I don’t see any underground parking here Will.”
“It’s that one, up ahead on the left. Pull over,” said Will, tapping Thomas’ shoulder.
The four of them got out and looked around. It seemed like a regular enough neighborhood, four story homes, gated verandas. Charles tapped at his watch. “What time is it? I think this is broke.”
Jaime pulled out his cell in the dim light of the street lamp. “It’s after five.”
Will went to the sidewalk in front of the old Georgian with terraced upper windows. Jaime followed, then proceeded to read the plaque in the stone.
“The Benjamin Franklin House?” he queried, turning to Will. “Are we takin a tour?” Will ignored his tone and procured a black cube from his pocket.
“What’s going on Will?” asked Charles, inching closer.
Will didn’t answer. He lifted the lid and pointed it at the building. Light flashed in a blue stream, through the windows.
“Will! Someone might see!” complained Charles.
“Who, all the people standing around,” Will remarked dryly, his attention on the compass. “Just watch out.” He moved closer to the building, and turned the device counterclockwise. The ground began to rumble beneath them, and the building cracked at the sides before the entire unit started to slide open. Jaime watched in awe and worry as the nearby scaffolding started to shake.
“It’s gonna come down Will!”
“I don’t know about this,” said Thomas.
“It’s opening you idiots, get the car.”
As the edifice moved sinuously in half Charles walked to the newly made entrance. He peered to the left to what looked like a stairwell and side exit. Directly in front but on the lower basement level, was first a ramp, and beyond, a harmless parking garage. It seemed like it had always existed there, as part of the main house itself, but he knew that wasn’t the case. This was produced by magic, by the council, as a means of them getting around. He was shocked in all his years he’d never seen one before.
“Charlie, get in,” Thomas ordered. He made a turn in the narrow roadway, and then entered the ramp leading down into the garage. He had his pick of spots as theirs was the only vehicle.
“Grab what you really need,” Will instructed them.
“Uh, I want my change of clothes,” Jaime complained, taking up his backpack.
“You won’t need that. Money and passports only. Thomas, keys,” he said snapping his fingers. Thomas was about to pocket them, but Will grabbed his hand.
“Nice try, give,” he ordered.
“Ah Will! It’s an Evora!”
“I care! Give me the damn keys.”
“They don’t even make this model anymore,” Thomas grumbled.
“He didn’t say we could keep it. Leave them above the front driver side tire. There’s a small pocket there.” Thomas obeyed begrudgingly. 
“Creepy how much you suddenly know brother.”
“You’d know this shit too if you weren’t intent on screwing up all the time.”
“Oo! That was fun,” Thomas exploded. “Feel better?”
“Much,” Will chided, knocking his brother in the arm.
“Where to?” he asked, still salivating over Ahkmenotep’s car.
“We comb these streets until we pick up Lina’s sent.”
“Or Herocles,” added Jaime.
“Right, or his.”
“Cool, let’s go,” said Thomas, taking up the driveway to the street.
“Go right,” offered Will from the back. “Up to Strand and then down to the square. We’ll check that out first.”


21. Demon
Jaime peered up at London’s tall stone structures, and for a minute thought of his dad. Before moving them to the states, Ryan had kept the twins in hiding here in the U.K. They lived in a high apartment, a flat, and it was great. It was the only time in their lives that Jaime ever remembered his parents getting along. His mom had been so different back then, back when Jane and Jaime were just kids. She was so pretty, and fun. She hosted parties for their human neighbors, but she treated them like gold. She cooked extravagant meals, and didn’t mind spending an entire afternoon in the kitchen. These days humans were second class citizens to Evaline. She tolerated them in face, and berated them in private. And cook a meal for anyone, least of all her children? No way! That’s what hired help was for. Jaime’s sweet memory was quickly turning sour. He decided to forgo memory lane. Screw her, he thought! He was damn glad they hadn’t invited her to the wedding. If his dad couldn’t stand up to her, or at least for him, well, forget him too!
“Man, will you look at this place. It’s like the center of the world,” said Charles, craning his head to look at the expanse of the square. Quiet subdivisions of pigeons were huddled together, while few early risers whizzed by the men. Will and the guys were all clad in mostly black, believing that attire to be un-assuming. They were in London after all, home to the world’s most decadent underground—the pseudo immortals. They blended in quite nicely, to the humans, and to the semi Goth structures. The only bit of them that stuck out like a sore thumb was Jaime’s long blond hair. Was it actually glowing in the fog? Charles grimaced at him, and Jaime quickly tucked his locks beneath his hoodie.
“Better?”
“Much.”
“Alright spread out. Pick up what you can, non-human, either breed, whatever,” said Will, as he moved closer to the side street, facing St. Marten’s. He glanced back at Thomas. “No prowling.”
Thomas scrunched his face, looking very hurt. “I have a girlfriend, haven’t I? Besides, the only women still moving about at this hour of the morning are professionals.”
Will groaned, “My point exactly.”
Jaime came up to Charles’ side. “Maybe we should stick to the alleyways, just in case.”
“No one would attack outright. Not the four of us. It would be a death sentence. Just keep checking.”
Will ignored the others and walked a path along the curbside, in front of the fountain. He stood still for a few seconds, adjusting his senses to account for, and separate all interference. Within the breeze lingered gasoline, exhaust, spices, meat, and the heavy perfume of roses, salty skin, and liquor. Beyond that, was blood, rich, warm, and exultant. He cast his eyes upward, closing in fast on the sound of a pair of lovers. His attention forwarded to a parked utility vehicle, adjacent to the Commission building. Will moved in their direction on instinct. Thomas and Charles took notice and did the same. Charles signaled for Jaime who was farther down, opposite them near the other side of the fountain. He moved to meet them, circling the frontend of the truck. Will pulled his finger to his lips. The sound of draining was so loud in their ears that he inadvertently glanced to see that it wasn’t a trap. There was no other in-human scent, except for this brazen creature, taking a victim in full view. Thomas and Charles had Will’s flank. They slowly came round and before they knew it, the vampire had flung its victim to the concrete. He was hissing as he backed away. They held their hands up for him to stop, and when he knew he couldn’t escape he composed himself.
The man straightened his jacket collar, and turned to observe his unfinished meal. The boy couldn’t have been more than fifteen. He had large green eyes, which Will noticed had purple bags beneath them. His skin was fair white, and he had a starkly androgynous looking mouth. He couldn’t move, and he couldn’t speak. He only clung to his leather jacket with one hand, with his other, his neck. The vampire, who Will did not recognize at all, but who he knew was no fledgling, stood nearby, haughty as can be. He took out a rectangular silver case, slipped elegantly at a black cigarette, lit it, and proceeded to glare in their general direction, as though they had stepped right atop his dining table. A moment later he plucked a bit of tobacco from his own sculpted lip. His eyes were black as the night sky, and there was a cruelty in them.
“Have I missed so much? Are the dogs of Egypt London’s new police?”
Will looked at his brothers. Thomas gave him an irritated, let’s just kick his ass face. “We’re not your executioner, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
“Who said I was worried?” the man asked, his tongue wickedly sharp, smoky.
“No one,” answered Will, just as cool and un-friendly.
The man turned to face the scared boy again. He pouted to him and the boy shivered. “Oh my pet, how do you find our new friends?”
“I…I couldn’t…I couldn’t say,” the boy stammered painfully.
“Stop it! Don’t scare him like that,” warned Charles.
“Yes. It gives us enough grounds to tear your arms off right now!” threatened Thomas.
The man moved into the light, blowing smoke in Thomas’ face. “I don’t think you would like to do that. We are in public. Or do the rules of old no longer apply to you?”
“My brother doesn’t much follow rules you see,” Charles informed him.
“Oh?” said the man, taking a step back, but definitely not out of fear.
“Will, seriously, can we be done with him already?!” Jaime complained.
Will moved to him, seizing the vampire and throwing him against the wall, close to the panting boy. “Your arrogance, is very, irritating!” 
The man clutched his neck, laughing. “So angry. Come now, you’ll ruin a thousand dollar suit.”
Will released him hard. “Name. Now!”
“That is a nasty business, the giving of names on the street. I make it a point never to—”
Thomas released his fangs, quickly letting his partial phase envelop his features. He moved to the man fast, marking him in hot breath. Then he growled, “Your name.” His mouth was inches from the man’s hard flesh. He knew he was strong, but not quite enough to take on four wolves.
“Dominick.”
Will’s eyes flashed to Thomas. He walked to the man, giving his brother the pass to move back. Then he took the man’s face in his. He pried open his mouth, taking in every last scent of him he could. It was a long list of kills, some so old it made his stomach turn. This was no fledgling. This was by all accounts a very ancient vampire. Something stirred inside him—it was a queasy feeling that he couldn’t place. Will glared at the man, then narrowed his eyes. “What are you doing here?”
Dominick looked surprised to have been asked that. For a moment Jaime thought the man might try to bolt, but he didn’t. He merely observed his former prey with disdain, and proceeded to light a fresh cigarette. He took a puff, blew it into Will’s face, and grinned. “Do you really wish to know William, because, if you do, I will tell you,” said Dominick. And then the smile again, the most hideous expression Will had ever seen. It was reminiscent of a time he did not wish to remember. He looked down at the frightened boy. Then he gestured to his brother Charles to help him up.
“We’re wasting our time. He doesn’t know anything.” 
“WHAT?!” yelled Thomas, who was ready to rip the man to shreds.
“We’re going,” Will ordered. Dominick continued seducing his smoke into disgusting patterns in the air. He ignored it, encouraging the others to move back.
“Oh, is that all?” taunted Dominick.
“It isn’t for me you sick son-of—”
“Let it go Thomas!” Will shouted, then he looked at Jaime.
“Yeah?”
“Check the boy’s neck,” Will told him.
Jaime reached for the kid but he spun back and dropped to his knees, crying out in fear. “Hey, hey,” said Jaime, putting up his hands. “We won’t hurt you I swear, stand up okay. It’s okay.” The boy slowly got to his feet, but trembled violently when Jaime reached for his skin. “He started to get you I see.” He turned back to Will. “The wounds aren’t complete. It looks like we got here in time. You alright?” he asked.
“Y-yeah, I think so.”
“What do we do now?” asked Jaime.
“It’s not the movies. Can’t force him to forget,” said Thomas, shrugging. “If creepo here would be more discrete, and get his blood where he’s supposed to, we wouldn’t have this problem!”
“Will?” asked Jaime. Will didn’t say anything. He was in his own thoughts. “Hey, Will?”
He finally stirred, meeting the gaze of Dominick who was laughing at him on the inside. He wished he could crush him to death right then and there, but, he knew he couldn’t, at least not out here, in the open. Not only that, but he knew Dominick could lead him to Herocles.
“I have an idea,” beamed Dominick, “let me take the boy, finish what I started, and you lot, go on your merry, cursed way!” Now, he was actually clapping at his own notion. Will leapt onto him, grabbing Dominick by the neck and threatening to give it one clean sweep.
“Jeez Will!” shouted Jaime.
Charles glanced around to see that the street was still empty. It was for the moment but wouldn’t be for long. “Will come on. If we’re gonna do this then let’s do it right. We can’t be careless, you know that.”
“Council!” Dominick shrieked beneath Will’s fingers. “I will have Council!”
The clouds gathered.
“You have no council here, demon!” Will groaned into his throat. “In two minutes I will have your black blood spurting in my hands. Vie i vasite braka site ke zaginat na moite race!” he roared in the man’s ears. “Do you hear me? All your brothers, all, will die by my hands!” Thomas leaned into his brother. Jaime came to his flank, his blue irises turning an eerie shade of blood orange. He knew exactly who, or what rather, they were dealing with. His entire body remembered. When Dominick met Jaime’s gaze he began to shriek in agony.
“Careful,” warned Will, “they’ll hear you,” he whispered, motioning for the sky.
“You’ll not stop us!” screamed Dominick, even as Will clamped his hand over his mouth.
“You made a mistake coming here,” Will told him.
The man snarled, snapping his teeth and shoving his body to and fro, all the while uttering some strange dialect the others had never heard. Finally he growled, “You can’t kill me, not in this world!” And then he laughed hysterically.
“I shall rectify that by plunging the two of us straight to Hell!” Will snapped his head back, released his saber fangs and brought them straight down on Dominick’s neck. He allowed the pool of darkness into his mouth. It was bitter and rancid, like the tide of a million rotted bodies. The creature continued to writhe beneath him until finally submitting.
“Even if you take this body, I will survive,” he gurgled.
Will threw up all the black blood onto the cement. When he stood up, his brothers and Jaime were at his side, large and strong, like great Titans. Will wiped his mouth gingerly.
“I’ll be hungry in about an hour. Meet you then?” With that he swung his leg up, cross kicking the creature in the face. Dominick dropped to the ground dead.


22. Babysitters
Charles covered his mouth nearly gagging. “He reeks! Do all demons stink like that?!”
“He’s Shayateen,” answered Will, still wiping his lips. “And yes, they all, stink like that. Some worse than this one, trust me.”
Charles’ eyes bulged. He glanced at Thomas who put his hand on Will.
“You did good.”
“There’ll be more,” said Will.
“And we’ll keep going, no matter what,” Thomas added, handing his brother a cloth. Then he gave Charles a side pat to reassure him. They’d never seen a demon, but knew that their brother and Jaime had nearly been killed by them in Necros.
“Couldn’t be easy could it?” Jaime asked in frustration.
“He’s weak Jaime. We couldn’t have hoped Herocles would come here alone.”
“How many do you think there are? We killed hundreds there, Lina too.”
“Who knows.”
“First thing gentlemen,” Charles interrupted, “we need to decide what to do with our friend here.” 
The kid had vomited all over his jacket, which he was still clutching like a life line. Charles set about trying to clean him up with a soggy newspaper.
“Where you from?” asked Will, still feeling his inner rage, but trying to be compassionate. He’d made certain his face was clean and trace free of his partial phase. The boy didn’t deserve any more than he’d been dealt.
“Ip-ipswich, sir.”
“Will, we can’t allow him to go home now,” whispered Charles.
The boy had tears behind his eyes and Will knew he wanted to unleash them, but wouldn’t. He was strong, despite his disheveled appearance. He only shook his head and gathered himself. “I ran away three days ago. That guy, that, man, that…” The boy started to shake, only this time it was from anger. He focused on the ground where the heap of the demon’s clothing lay crumpled and full of smoke and goo. He wrinkled his nose, and suddenly he started kicking the pile and screaming.
Jaime reached out a hand to stop him. “It’s alright! Hey shh!”
The boy sniveled a bit, then wiped his face. “He picked me up the first night. He said I would make a nice addition. Didn’t know what he meant y’know? Couldn’t go home is all.”
Charles gave Will a slight frown. “Why couldn’t you go home?”
The boy shuffled his feet, stamping the boots against the pavement. “Step-dad’s a real tosser.” He rolled his teary eyes. Will again, took note of those vibrant bags.
“Is that his handy work?” he asked the boy, gesturing to his now more evident bruises.
“Yeah,” he answered, rubbing his nose.
“Where’s your mom?”
His fragile spirit dampened further. “Dead, year and half ago. Had to move with him.”
Will, we can’t take a kid where we’re going? sent Thomas.
He’s right Will. What are we gonna do with him? added Jaime. He can’t go home to family either, not unless one of you has the power to delete the last seventy-two hours of his life.
Will pondered the severity of the situation. Not only had they stumbled upon a demon, smack dab in the center of London, but they’d also saved a kid’s life, a human kid. All in all, a banner of a day. Will grumbled and exhaled which gave the boy a start. It was certainly unintentional, and Will couldn’t imagine what the kid thought of the four of them. They were over two hundred and fifty pounds to his slight one sixty. They stood over six feet, to his, just shy of five nine. They were dark haired, and dark skinned, rough, and desert like. He was frail, blond, and innocent. Will glanced at Jaime, thinking maybe the boy would find kinship with someone like him, but even Jaime was a blond freak of nature! Will heard Jaime chuckle under his breath. “What’s your name?” he finally asked the boy.
“Gabriel, sir.”
“Not sir okay, I’m Will. These are my brother’s Thomas, and Charles. This is Jaime.”
“Alright,” said the boy nervously. “Thanks, y’know, for, doing what you did.”
“Don’t thank us yet. We still have to keep you alive,” argued Thomas.
“Shut up!” Charles said, slamming his brother in the arm. “You’ll be fine with us okay, better than you would be on your own, right Will?”
Will wasn’t so sure. Here they were, ready to embark on what would probably be their last mission, and they now had to care about an infant. Gabriel had more of a chance of survival jumping head first into the Thames. “Yes, you’ll be safe.”
“Let’s get off the street, please,” said Charles, suddenly becoming agitated. If he’d been shifted, his hackles would’ve been up, way up. “Pub?”
“At this hour?” groaned Will.
“Café?” Charles suggested, though he really needed a drink, and not the frothy, girly kind with whip. Thomas smacked his head.
“There’s one on Charing Cross,” offered Gabriel, pointing up the block. “If we hurry we can fuel up and then head,” he gestured across the street.
“The church?” grimaced Charles. No alcohol, and scripture.
Gabriel shrugged. “Today’s Sunday mass, yeah?”
“Great.” Charles glanced at Will pitiably.
“I’m certain the least we can all do, is appreciate the, roundabout adoration,” Will suggested.
“And the hypocrisy, and the general undertow of corruption, but yeah, sure, let’s go to church,” Thomas added. The four of them followed their new young ward. Gabriel skipped ahead, suddenly light as a lark, and Thomas turned back to Will in utter speculation.
Is it me, or is he acting happy all of a sudden?
Happy, for someone who just about died, sent Jaime.
I guess. Thomas wasn’t convinced that they had any allies here, not even a harmless human kid.
Let’s get a drink and we’ll go from there, sent Will. Keep your eyes and ears open.

***

Gabriel held his finger to his lips to silence his much louder guardians. “We can take the back pews.”
“Pews, what pews?” Thomas complained.
“Can’t we just wait out here, until it’s over?” asked Charles. Will grabbed them both by the collar.
“What is wrong with you? Get it together. It’s not like you’ve never gone before!”
“That was ages ago Will, and we hadn’t a choice then. It was either join in mass or be burned at the stake!”
Jaime was laughing so hard, his lashes were wet. Will grunted sternly.
“Sorry,” muttered Charles, moving ahead and sliding into an empty seat. Gabriel had already taken out a program. He motioned for the others to do the same. Jaime took up a pamphlet and opened it. Then he gave Thomas a funny grin. He could feel Thomas’ middle finger, tickling his brain.
“This is nice,” he added beneath his breath. Thomas quickly felt someone’s boot at his shin. An elderly couple ahead turned their petulant glances on the five men, as if they alone had been elected to silence the sinners. Will apologized with a polite nod and smile to which the old woman accepted peaceably.
“If the three of you get us kicked out of church I will personally make you pay,” he then gritted behind his teeth. Few snickers followed, and then they sat calmly and listened. 

A while later, as they were standing, Gabriel had Will lean down so that he could whisper to him. “How long has it been for you?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Since you prayed?”
Will felt a belt around his throat. Any minute he would burst into flames. He quickly observed the cross around Gabriel’s neck, and that made him feel even guiltier, though why should it? They were of the oldest order—the very seeds the humans sprang from. “Uh, we’re not, um,” he stammered. He never did that, ever. Gabriel stared up at him. His eyes were so wide, and so green, like the purest grass ever grown. He had the most serene face, the face of…well, an angel, if he were being honest.
Gabriel smirked a little. “It’s okay. You’re here now.”
Please let that be the end of it, thought Will.
As the service drew to a close Will picked up a scent. Apart from the bitter perfume, the incense, the water…he zeroed in closer. He breathed in as deeply as he could, and then without warning he made a motion to move from the pew. Gabriel seized his hand. Will was startled by the boy’s hard grip. He blinked at him twice before reaching to remove it.
“If you move now, you’ll cause a scene. Please don’t do that,” said Gabriel.
Will was in shock.
“Good, that’s good,” praised Gabriel, when Will obeyed. He let go and returned to his program. It un-nerved Will to hear him sing at a time like this. He’d smelled Lina. He was almost sure of it. She’d been here, and it hadn’t been so long. He was wild with excitement. He wanted to run, in every direction, until he could find her trail. He looked at Gabriel again, this time in frustration, but Gabriel only held up his finger. As mass dispersed and many bodies filed out into the sunshine or down into the crypt café, the five of them sat. 
“Snore!” crooned Thomas, leaning back to stretch his neck.
“Could we get a drink now,” Charles asked Will, putting the crinkled program back along the wood. Jaime did the same, though he was fairly captivated by the architecture, the chandeliers, the glass, the carvings—it was awesome. Lina would have loved this, he thought. As soon as his mind centered on her beautiful face Will was there, in his thoughts, relaying to him that he’d caught her scent, but that the little urchin to his right hadn’t let him go. Jaime shot to his feet and thrust Gabriel up by his shirt. The boy held onto his jacket at his side, his ankles dangling several inches from the ground.
“Are you one too?” Jaime demanded to know. He sniffed Gabriel all over, trying to decipher if red or black blood ran in his veins.
“Would you put me down please? You’re acting like an animal.”
“Is this kid for real?” Jaime asked. Thomas shrugged. “And I am an animal,” he warned.
“All the same. Put me down, and we can talk.”
“We did talk,” reminded Thomas, folding his arms. He couldn’t be certain they wouldn’t fly toward Gabriel’s face. “And you told us this sad tale about your abusive step-dad, and your dead mother, remember?”
“Yes I did, and most of it was true, or it was.”
“Most of it!”
“It used to be true?!” Jaime bellowed.
“Could I have my clothing, please?” he asked, moving down from the tree that was Jaime MacLeod. “You know, for God’s creatures, you certainly are un-civilized.” A clergyman cleared his throat, and the five of them moved away from one another. Thomas and Charles averted their eyes.
“Is there something I can help you with gentlemen?” he asked very calmly.
No one moved a muscle. Gabriel spoke. “No Father. I was just explaining to my friends how St. Martin’s came to be, its, history.”
The clergyman wasn’t so satisfied, as annoyed. Perhaps he needed his glass of wine as well, thought Charles. “Very well,” he said, making his way down the aisle.
“You have thirty seconds to tell us who, and more importantly what you are.”
Gabriel gaped at Will, as if he’d delivered a death sentence. “So war-like.”
“Alright, I’ve had enough!” cursed Thomas. “We shoulda let him die.”
Gabriel shot his hand over his mouth. “That’s a terrible thing to say.”
“You’re pushing it kid, you’re really pushing it. We have work to do. You’re either with us, or you’re not,” Thomas said, raising a hand in ultimatum. 
The boy pondered his words long and hard. Another second and they were leaving him. Finally he bent to re-lace his boot. He straightened his pants and gave his borrowed lapel a pat. “I’m starving.”
“We bought you two scones, a muffin, and coffee!” Charles snarled.
Will figured it was just stress the kid was under, and planned to make a small effort to forgive his oddness. Nearly being killed by a demon would do that to anyone. For now, he was more determined to track Lina’s scent. Finding her was all that mattered. 


23. Ambush
Lina followed behind as McNair and the others lead the way through more of the city’s mind-boggling sub tunnels. It was genius really. The immortals had taken the brilliance of the Underground to the next level, literally. Above, Londoners traveled efficiently along the various tube lines, each one depositing in a different borough, while below, unbeknownst to them, a secret society had been hard had work, mining its way through to different countries, and continents for that matter. Lina always knew her people had arcane means of getting around, which kept them out of sight, if need be, but this, this was truly inspiring. Here there were no tracks to follow, because here there were no trains. There were only channels, some more developed than the next. She’d discovered Collin in what could be described as a regular sewer, but here it was all concrete, and the walls brick. Every so often there was a break in the path, marking a doorway which Lina suspected might be portals to other dimensions. She said nothing to her crew about it. They wouldn’t have believed her anyway. Besides, the wolves had gone to great lengths to make this their new home—erecting a safe house, building their dens, hell, they even had running water, lights, and a fire pit with proper ventilation. If she’d told them about the suspected portals, they wouldn’t sleep at night. The pack was rough, unpredictable, and pig-headed, but they were also savvy, and resilient. Lina couldn’t help but admire them. The covens could really use their strength, but she was fairly positive McNair wouldn’t dream of giving up his liberty. Could she really ask him to? Even she struggled with the order of things. As remote as the tunnels were, they were also the epitome of freedom. The way McNair hovered over his pack, she assumed they’d long been in hiding, and were resigned to continue. And why shouldn’t they, when someone was bent on scooping them up from the streets for some dread purpose. 
McNair stopped, and the ranks quickly fell in line. He made a cross back to her and Collin, who’d stayed near. “Need you to see this,” he told her. Before she realized, he had stuck out his hand for her to take. What was she, the little woman? Lina rebuffed his offer, secured her bag, then extended her hand, but for him to lead the way. McNair laughed, and moved ahead through the crowd. This time, not a single person made a crack at her expense. Good, she thought. It shouldn’t be this difficult to hold one’s own in the company of men, especially when she could so easily dispose of them. Or at least she could have, pre-pregnancy. They made their way to the sound of water. Lina could hear it, rushing loud in her exceptional ears. It was close. The tunnel forked, but McNair stayed center. He pointed to the end and there in the distance was a rickety door, jammed with mud and looking very out of place. Whoever erected it, didn’t want anyone coming through.
“Are you ready?”
“Certainly.”
McNair motioned for her and the others to be silent, and then with both hands he lifted off the door. It gave way without much effort or noise, and that was because it basically crumbled in his big hands like cheap bread. Lina stepped inside the hollow, and was quickly bombarded by a nasty smell. She held her hand to her nose, and backed into the very brute she’d earlier beaten up. He held her gently this time, but she jumped away.
“Ugh!” she gagged. Where was a toilet when she needed one? Or one of those handy airline barf bags. Tide of morning sickness happening in the afternoon! Lina held her lip with her nail, hoping pain and pressure might cease the instinct to yack.
McNair stared hard at her. His golden eyes brightening in the darkness. “That’s what we thought too. A few days ago, a couple of the boys were out patrolling…” He began, unaware of her predicament totally.
“Why?” Lina barely got the question out before she vomited right at his feet. McNair scowled, reached down with a handkerchief, but instead of wiping his boot as he wanted to, he handed it to Lina.
“We have to keep checking,” he told her, still a bit grossed out, but obviously trying to be a gentleman. “Never know when some vampire scum will try to horn in on our turf.” Lina held up the hand with the hankie. “Keep it, please,” he practically ordered her. 
“Thank you,” she said. “And? What happened then?” Lina took the bottle of water from Collin, chugged it, and wiped her mouth clean. Much better. Gum, gum would be fantastic, she thought. She felt her pocket, then her back, before a stick of refreshment was in her sights. It came from another fellow, a quiet one she hadn’t had to knock out. How lovely. “Thank you very much,” she told him, snapping up the stick and popping it in her mouth. “So, finish.”
“It didn’t smell of Dam Ilah to us, not at all. This was something entirely different, something not any of us has encountered. Also,” McNair added.
“What?”
“Perth said he smelled one of our own, up there, with that stench!”
Lina looked around for the crew that had run this patrol. They moved closer, the three men who’d discovered the door. The shorter man took down his cap. “I believe it’s my cousin Miss. I can’t be certain, but I think it might be him. There’s more of them too, I know it.”
Lina looked at McNair. “How can you be sure?”
“Don’t know,” he answered, taking out a fresh cigar. He inhaled. Didn’t he just see her throw up? Good grief! “Awful coincidence though, don’t you think?”
“Yes, it is,” she said. Lina stood quietly a moment, quickly gathering her thoughts, and her guts. All these angry men, so eager to avenge their brothers, not one of them had any idea what they were up against. She did, the moment she inhaled the opening to that room. It was putrid, and had Herocles laced in it.
“What are you thinking?” McNair asked her.
“I was just wondering, how much training have these men had?”
Everyone laughed, as if that were the stupidest question. It wasn’t to Lina. It was relevant. “They can handle anything, don’t you worry about that.”
“That’s not what I mean,” she said. The men piped down then. Lina held her hand out to McNair. “Take it. I’m going to show you something. Go on,” she pushed. He did, and in seconds he was transported to Necros. Lina showed him the hall where she killed hundreds upon hundreds of demons. McNair shook in her arm as one large beast plunged his claw into her chest, but Lina rose her weapon, bringing it down on the animal and killing him. The mirror-laden room was covered in red and black blood, and mounds of hideous, snarling bodies lay heaped in the center. McNair was left with the image of Lina, standing near them, Wepwawet’s mace at her side, her chest heaving, and flecks of the demons’ inner gunk on her face. She was careful not to show him the image of Will and Jaime, also lying dead at her feet. Not only did she not wish to relive that scenario, she also didn’t want to answer any unforeseen questions from her new friends. He came out of the vision, his face ghostly white. “I’ll ask again. How much have they trained?”
McNair took a puff. He looked around at his men, a gang of twenty or so, capable of shifting into wolves yes, but could they destroy demons from the Netherworld? He brought his dark eyes back to hers. The defeat was there, behind the toughness. Lina gave him a nod of not only respect, but appreciation, for his honesty. McNair grabbed her arm. “I don’t give up so easily. Those are our boys up there, and we’re not leaving them, no matter what we’re up against.”
“Maybe you should ask them first, give them the choice,” she suggested with diplomacy.
“These boys may not have trained with Lycion, but they know the old ways. I’ve taught them everything my father taught me, and everything his father taught him. They’ll fight until there isn’t any fight left in them.”
“I don’t know if they’re up there, but I’ll tell you this, I can smell death, and that kind of decay only comes from one place,” she informed him.
“The Shayateen.”
“Yes.”
“What’s in this for you?”
“How do you mean? I said I would help you,” she aptly reminded him.
“Why? We don’t pay homage to you? We’ve never offered to protect you?”
“True, but that doesn’t negate my responsibility to protect you, does it?”
McNair’s lip curled. “Well said Miss.”
“Be on guard. Trust no one you come in contact with, even your own family,” Lina warned them. “That goes for any place we set foot from here on out.”
“Why?” several of the men asked. “I should know my own brother, shouldn’t I?”
“Listen to her,” McNair ordered. “Our enemies are near.”
Lina smiled at the men, who she feared for. “You’d be surprised at how cunning those devils can be. I’ll go first,” she offered.
McNair nodded as they each filed slowly into the dilapidated tunnel. It was arduous getting over the downed lines, planks, and sewer water. It was becoming more and more evident that they weren’t expected or wanted here. Eventually they came to a set of stairs, leading up to a single door. The pack followed closely, careful not to make a sound. Lina expected to hear voices on the other side, but there was only music. She gave McNair a half shrug and pressed the door slowly. It opened to a long corridor, all cold grey cement, like a prison. On the opposite of the railing were long windows looking out to the building tops, and the sky-line.
“We’re by the docks,” said McNair. He and the men moved along the cells which were empty.
“An old asylum?” said someone from the back.
“A warehouse,” Lina whispered, gesturing for them to continue.
At the end of the hall was another set of double doors with an exit sign above. It was either that or go back the way they came. They went through, and this led them to a much more developed strip, with freshly painted black walls, art décor, and chairs and stands with magazines on them. 
“I don’t understand. Half this place looks abandoned, and the other like someone’s begun renovations,” said McNair, as he and Lina walked together ahead of the group.
“I think that’s the point. Someone wanted it like this, probably to deter this very thing.” She gestured to the each of them. “You didn’t stumble upon this place for no reason.”
“How about that door?” McNair suggested one to their left. It was passed one of the chaises, and looked the most promising, in terms of viable life.
“Go for it,” she said. 
McNair tried the handle, and was surprised when it turned freely. They were shocked at what they found inside such a run-down building. There were three leather couches in a horseshoe shape and facing a black fireplace. There was artwork hung on the walls and a master suite desk, which was kept impeccably clean. Lina turned to a large painting and her heart went cold.
“What is this?!” someone growled behind her in disgust.
Lina opened her eyes to look again. Her gaze traveled from the two naked men, and then to the winged devil’s ghastly smile above them. “It’s Dante and Virgil in Hell.”
“What sick bastard would hang something like that in an office?”
Lina couldn’t possibly answer him. She could no more explain Herocles’ sadistic sense of humor, then she could her own agenda in London, or how each of their lives were about to collide.
“Fire’s been stamped out,” someone else said, “it’s still warm.”
McNair headed for the desk and began rifling through the drawers. A few others sat down and felt around the couches, while the others stood ready. The man who said he’d caught the scent of his cousin was standing near the entryway. He was pacing.
“He’s here, I know he is!”
“We’ll find him, relax,” another man told him, trying to calm him down.
“Wait a minute,” Lina said, holding up a hand. She made her way to what looked to be a closet. Lina glanced back at McNair, who was holding up his fists in case. He gave her the go ahead and she opened the door. A body came tumbling out at them, and Lina gasped when she saw the face. It was Sean, Anchille’s pilot and friend. He was bound and gagged with industrial tape, and the others rushed to undo him. He was half purple from not getting enough air in his lungs, and Lina scrambled to get the tape from his mouth. When he could finally breathe adequately, Sean sucked in as much air as he could, and then he started to choke.
“It’s okay, it’s okay, you’re safe now!” she told him as she held his head. When his feet and arms were free he grabbed onto her with all his might. “Sean, it’s alright, shh.” The men helped him get to his feet and carried him to one of the lounges. They sat him down, and allowed him to catch his breath. McNair pulled Lina aside.
“Who is he?”
“It’s our pilot, and,” she shook her head, knowing the title was inaccurate. “He’s my friend. He works for us. He’d been on vacation with his wife, as far as we knew.”
“Does he…,” McNair glanced at Sean, “…does he know about us?”
Lina peeked at him too, watching as he tried desperately to recover, and to make sense of what had happened. Lina went to Sean, taking his cold hands in hers. They were freezing. She smiled at him, and he tried to reciprocate though even his lips were like ice. “What do you remember last?”
He shivered and shook, so much that he could barely speak. Lina motioned for McNair and a few others to sit down, hoping that would put Sean at ease, and more importantly, warm him up without his knowledge. It started to work and soon, a bit of color flooded his pale cheeks. She never realized before, how small Sean was. But, that could have had something to do with her present company. She reached for his short red hair, and stopped over the right half of his face. It didn’t look like he’d been abused, but he had been frightened beyond belief. The whites of his eyes were bloodshot, like he hadn’t slept in days.
“Can you tell me what happened?” she asked.
“I don’t, I don’t remember.”
“Try,” she prompted gently.
“Fi and I were together, and, then, we weren’t.”
“How?”
“Dunno, I really don’t. I woke up here. My head wasn’t swollen. I didn’t fall, that I could see. But Fi,” Sean suddenly became frantic, swiveling around as though he were looking for her.
“Sean?” Lina said, taking his hands in hers. “It’s very important.” Lina didn’t need him to recall, but for appearances sake, she allowed him to struggle his way through it while she rifled in his mind. He removed a hand and rubbed the stubble of his beard. After a minute it was like he recalled something, the room maybe. He observed everything, from the fireplace, to the architecture magazine on the end table, to the far away desk, and the Renaissance painting behind it. His pale blue eyes widened in horror. Lina saw everything that he’d seen.
“There was someone here.”
“Who?” asked McNair.
“Oh God! Fi!”
“Sean, it’s alright,” Lina soothed, despite the eager men behind her, fighting amongst themselves.
Sean stared only at Lina. “You’re in danger.” Lina swallowed, lowering her head in Sean’s lap.
“A name, anything?” urged McNair.
Lina could smell the rot. She knew Herocles was here. Sean saying his name or remembering him and offering it up to McNair and the pack, wouldn’t change anything. 
Sean touched her hair. “He won’t stop he said. He left me alive only to tell you that.”
“What?” McNair nudged Lina’s shoulder.
“Your babies are his. They were always his,” said Sean.
Lina gaped at him, then abruptly moved away smacking her hands, like she’d been electrocuted. McNair and the others watched her, wondering what was happening. Her fists balled at her sides, and rage boiled in her belly. All it took was one twitch on Sean’s face, and Lina roared at the others to get away from him. The men sprung to her flanks, their teeth bared, their golden eyes charged. 
“Get out of him!” she screamed. 
“We like this body,” several voices hissed back with no hesitation. Sean’s facial skin was beginning to droop and sag. Lina gagged but tried to stay focused. She knew her friend was alive inside there, but he was hanging on by a thread. They’d sucked almost all his life force the moment they’d entered.
“Very well,” she agreed, taking one single leap for the demons she knew were seated inside. She opened her mouth, sucking them out one by one, and soon the room was joined by three hideous devils. They closed in on the group, one at the door, one near the desk, and the last by the fireplace. McNair, in a split second, glanced at the painting and then to Lina, like something finally clicked. He knew she hadn’t been honest with him.
“Bloody Hell!”
“Sully, behind you!”
The men whirled in horror, as the Shayateen danced around like mangled apes, with their knobby horns, and skeletal frames. The largest had wings and he swung them back and forth to distract the pack. Lina raised her hand, casting a bolt of her own electricity at the leader, sending him straight through the cement wall. McNair grabbed a hold of another’s neck, turned his head, and snapped it clear from his body. He dropped the beast at the floor as the others went for the last. It didn’t take long and all three were dead. The men stood over them, full of black blood which caked their hands and faces. They looked around at one another and then to McNair, some in shock and dismay, while others appeared indignant. She could feel their rage, and knew it was directed at her, like she’d purposely brought death to their doorstep. Lina couldn’t stand to be under the scope and so she walked to Sean’s body, which had slumped to the floor. She pressed her ear to his chest. There was only the faintest heartbeat. Lina felt a hand come around her back. 


24. Gone
“Thank you,” Sean said hoarsely.
“You’re welcome,” Lina replied, squeezing him tighter. “Let’s get you someplace safe, and then, we’ll get you home okay.”
“Wait,” said Sean. Lina looked up. “I remember.”
“It’s okay. Time to forget,” she encouraged him. She already knew enough.
“No! I can’t forget. It’s important,” Sean took a breath, “sorry. The men he had here.”
“Wait, what do you mean had, you mean they’re gone?!” someone called out. The crowd rustled but McNair held them at bay.
“He’ll keep moving them.”
“Lina?” McNair stood up and went to his pack. “If they aren’t here we have to keep moving.”
“We’re not going anywhere until we comb this place for them, and for any clues. We have to.”
“The cells are downstairs. That’s where he kept them,” Sean pointed, still struggling.
“We’ll go check things out. Stay here with him,” said Collin. Lina agreed.
When they were alone, Sean took her hand. “I think he killed Fi.” He started to cry.
“We’ll find her. I promise you.”
“How do you know?”
“He’s a liar Sean.”
“What he did to those men,” he wept, holding her. “It was so, their screams. He tortured them. He whispered things to them that drove them mad. I can still hear them, whimpering in their cells.”
Lina’s stomach convulsed. “I’m sure it was smoke and mirrors. He does things…to, get a rise out of people.” If only that were the truth.
“It didn’t sound like it,” Sean argued. His heart was getting stronger with her near. She rubbed his hand. “What’s happening to the world?”
McNair popped his head in. “Clean, literally. There wasn’t a trace of them. It was like they hadn’t been here. Only this was left in the last cell.” He handed Lina a fragment of clothing. It had red on it, and Lina realized it was someone’s blood. Sean moaned at it so Lina got up and went to the desk. She unraveled it. There was a date. At first, it made no sense to her at all…until it did. She held her hand over her mouth. McNair and Collin were beside her.
“This mean anything to you?”
Lina was panting so hard. It couldn’t be, oh please, please no, “Whew,” she cried, crumpling the cloth in her fingers. “It’s a date.”
“For?”
“This is the day that an immortal child was born, a wolf child. Lydas’ daughter.”
“Where do I know that name?” McNair muttered to himself. He took the cloth and smelled it. He inhaled as deeply as he could, then he passed it around for the pack to catch the scent too. “This is royal blood.”
Lina stared at him through tears.
“Lydas, Otherion’s son?”
“He was with me, with Isis and Anchille for the last year. His mate, Sitre, is my guardian…and that,” she pointed to the cloth, “is the date of their daughter, Ah-hana’s birth.”
“He was here.”
“He was,” she agreed.
“He left this, knowing we’d find it.”
“He did.”
McNair turned around to Sean. “Do you remember anything else, where they might’ve been heading?”
“The last thing the man said to me was I’d be returned to my life when the mission was complete. I knew he was lying. Then I ended up, well, how you all found me.”
“They can’t have gone far. Sean didn’t light that fire. He was tied up. If we leave now...”
Lina ignored them and sat down at the desk. “I think I’ve gone about this whole thing the wrong way.”
“What does that mean?” asked Collin.
“He told me, he did, and I didn’t listen,” Lina muttered to herself.
“Told you what?” McNair leaned on the edge of the desk. He handed her back the fabric.
“That I would fail. He said this would happen, and by and by I would watch as all those I cared for, everyone I loved, were sucked into the vacuum.”
“With a defeatist attitude like that it’s no wonder,” he admonished her. “You are queen, are you not? You possess the power of Sek-met and Wepwawet, do you not?”
She didn’t answer. 
“Look, Lina, this isn’t over. We’re going to find them, all of them.” Collin took her chin and encouraged her to get up, to join them. She didn’t move. She only leaned back in the chair, brought the piece of clothing to her nose and began to laugh. McNair grew worried for her. He could see this situation was making her unravel.
“Come on, get up. We’re going, now,” he said. She kept laughing, and then she glared at him, her silver eyes turning white with fury. It stopped him, it stopped all of them dead cold. “You can’t, you can’t stay here, we can’t leave you, and we have to find them.”
“Did you know I’m pregnant?”
Collin stepped back. He hadn’t planned on outing her to his brothers. It was her secret.
“Excuse me?” asked McNair.
A few others laughed. “Funny, ha ha.” They thought she was lying.
“I’m pregnant.”
“Impossible.”
“Is it?” she asked queerly, while rising from the chair. She lifted her shirt to reveal the slight protrusion of her belly. “This is why Herocles is here.”
McNair didn’t waste time being angry with her for not immediately offering the information. He knew by one look at her, she had a long list of reasons to keep silent. He placed a hand to her swell. He leaned down to press his ear there. Then he turned his head and sniffed. She cringed when he lowered to her groin and inhaled there too. Collin grew restless at his new friend’s discomfort but he made no motion on her behalf. McNair stood back then in surprise. The others waited for him to speak.
“Wolves?”
Lina’s eyes rimmed with tears. “You can smell them?”
McNair nodded. “I can. Can’t you?”
She shook her head in pain. “No. I can’t even hear them.”
“Were you afraid you weren’t?”
“Yes,” she told him in shame.
“There are two, boys.”
She smiled through tears as McNair took her hand. “Tri-hybrids, like me?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I can only tell you what I sense, and that’s, our kind.”
“A pregnant leader?” one remarked.
“At a time like this?” another added.
Lina carefully met the first commenter’s gaze.
The pack grew still, their faces despondent. You’d have thought they’d just seen Alexander beheaded at the start of Issus. For the first time, she felt the gentlest of kicks inside. She couldn’t believe it, and she wanted so desperately to run into a private room to rejoice at her affirmation—her babies were alive! She smiled until she realized…she was in fact, not alone. Lina stood from the desk chair, this time taller than the past few days. She was about to address the pack but someone spoke before she had the chance.
“How the hell is this even possible? Immortals, well…like, you, can’t be pregnant?” one of them said. A few others agreed with varying grumbles.
Lina was suddenly irritated. “You’ve been hiding your whole lives. I bet you didn’t know about demons until today either?!” she half shouted at them. Whoa! Hormones. “Sorry,” she retracted, placing a hand over her heart. “I can’t explain this to you, I don’t even understand how it happened. All I can tell you is, I broke all the rules, making it possible for your kind to marry into the line of the Blood Gods, and the Daughters of Bast-et. I reign supreme, but the council finds me negligent, idealistic, and irresponsible. I took two for my kings, because I’m selfish and gluttonous in love. I use magic whenever it suits me, and yes, I defy the laws of immortal nature, and I’m pregnant!” she huffed to catch her breath. Lina bent un-naturally like someone kicked her in her back.
“Miss please, calm yourself,” one of the hecklers said humbly.
“If you decide to join me, you’ll probably all die, though I will do everything in my power to not allow that to happen. I may grow weaker. I may not. I can’t say for certain. This is all new to me. I will tell you this, as I get closer to delivery I will phase more, and more into my human self. That is supposedly how it works, or at least what has happened in the past.” They gaped at her. “A dead body can’t give life. The part of me that is vampire will fade into the back ground, bringing forth my human and wolf nature, both warm-blooded creatures capable of giving life.”
“How long?” asked McNair. He visually tried measuring time by the size of her abdomen.

“I’d like to give you a concrete answer, but I can’t.”
“We obviously need to find our brothers before that happens, right?”
“Yes, that would be a very good idea,” she concurred.
“What are we waiting for?” someone rallied from the back. Lina hoped the young wolf’s attitude would bleed onto the rest, at least long enough for her to accomplish killing Herocles, and return home to give birth to her children. Her children, she sung in her mind, taking her hand and giving them a little hug.
The moment of elation passed quicker than it had come.
If they were alive, they could be killed. Never in all her life had Lina felt so inexplicably torn. Her desire to bring them into the world was now equally as strong as her desire not to.


25. Marking
“Are you certain they’ll get Sean home safely?”
“They’ve been instructed to see that he makes it into his door and locks it behind him,” said Collin. “It’ll be fine Lina. He’s going to be fine. The boys will send word, the moment the plane lands, and when they reach Sean’s place.”
“I hope so,” she sighed, unable to stop worrying. She prayed Herocles hadn’t done anything to Sean’s wife. She’d never met the woman, but from the way he’d talked about her, Fiona was his entire life. He was dependent on her, and would fall apart if anything ever happened to her. Lina wished that she could be there with him, to walk into his house. It was filling her with anxiety wondering how he would find things.
“I know it’s difficult, but, kinda need you to focus,” Collin reminded her.
“Sorry.”
“Not really keen on you being the steak,” he admitted, as he slowly wrapped Lina in his arms. They were naked which of course commanded everyone’s attention. She’d only met these men half a day ago, but when she first thought of having to be so intimately close, it was her first sewer friend she trusted. His complete lack of interest in her sexually might have had something to do with that. He gave her a reassuring look and she smiled back. It bothered her that Collin felt the need to carry his secret like such a burden, but when she observed the crowd he’d immersed himself in, she knew his discretion was warranted. He was such a gentleman, and steadfast in his pursuit to mark her with his scent. Lina had no idea if the olfactory trick would actually serve to rouse the dormant rogue wolves and vampires in the London area. If they were already made aware of the abductions, they may simply ignore fresh meat in lieu of dying at the hands of an invisible enemy. Lina and her friends had no choice, trying to draw them out was their only viable option. Herocles had vanished into thin air, taking his hostages with him. He could have gone back down into the Underworld, but she had a sneaking suspicion that he was just under their noses, watching, waiting. It didn’t matter. Lina knew he would drop whenever he wished. Regardless of that certainty, she and her new friends would seek to build an army. Garnering trust among the divergent wouldn’t be an easy task. Lina would once again have to showcase her own power in an effort to persuade them.
“Don’t look so worried, this will work,” Collin told her. He was keeping his manhood away from her supple body as best he could. A few of the men hooted and Lina flushed around her jaw. Collin did too.
“I think we’re good here, aren’t we?” she asked, shoving him back with a push of her palm. McNair approached with her clothing. He kept his gaze level to hers the whole time.
“Had one of the boys snag this from the cafe. Is it alright?” he worried, handing her a new leather jacket to make up for the one she’d earlier donated. She beamed at him, disregarding the fact that they’d committed a crime, and now some poor young woman was now without shield from the cool night air. It was a crop not unlike her own, but with rutched sleeves. It smelled of clove, fire smoke and whisky. Her throat pinched thinking of Charles and Thomas. McNair took note. Lina righted herself and showed appreciation.
“It’s great. Thank you.” She fluffed her hair out of the collar and transferred her phone into the upper pocket.
“We’ll wait down here till dusk, then we’ll head up to the street,” he said. In his left hand was a sandwich, in his right hand, a fresh bag of O negative. He gave her a funny squint. “Wasn’t certain what you needed more, in your, condition,” he gestured for her protruding belly. It was harder to mask now, beneath her tight cotton shirt, but she tugged on the end of the material just the same.
“I’ll have them both,” said Lina, grabbing the items enthusiastically. She was practically starving to death. The bags Collin had given her had long worn off and she was beginning to take keen notice of the other wolves around her, especially their broad shoulders and thick necks. They kept their distance, and would so until she’d taken her fill again. Collin came to her side, dressed, and holding a bottle of water for her. He took a bite of his own sub and gave her a wink as he shrugged back into his army coat.
“Certain this is the route you wish to go?” he asked her, despite the fact that McNair was his elder, not to mention, he’d given his order and laid out a plan. Collin’s question provoked a few of the men to stir in agitation, but he ignored them. McNair made no remark and only gathered what provisions he felt they would need into a few backpacks then tossed them to the grumblers.
“It’s the best I’ve got, and in my state, I can’t afford to take any chances. If given the opportunity, no matter how slim, Herocles will take me down, and you all right along with us. The more support we have to fight him, the better.” Lina laughed inside. For the first time she wasn’t being heedless. Her husbands would be so proud, wherever they were. She was positive they were still reeling from her last act of seduction. It was for their own good, she thought sourly.
“You fought him once and lived to tell about it,” said Collin.
“Yep.”
“Makes me wonder, how much help will we really be to you.”
Lina pondered that. She was keenly aware these men were inferior to her in every way possible. She wasn’t positive who was stronger between her and Hero though. It was true she had greater ability then all the immortals on earth, but there in lied the key, was she only strongest on earth, but was Herocles ultimately more powerful in a linear sense? Would they match each other now, if by chance he was somehow weaker on solid ground? She certainly would pray for that. One thing she knew, a single breath of his could silence this lot for good. The game he played now was strictly for her benefit, meaning he would either execute her army on sight, or damn near it, or he would publicly spar with her, all while enjoying a killing spree elsewhere. Maybe even on her coven. Lina was pretty positive that wasn’t the case, but all the same, she would stay in London. For now, the wolves Herocles took were collateral damage that he would draw cruel pleasure from. He would use their torture to posture in her face, to leave a trail of bloody bread crumbs in his path. The chase was what he thrived on. So, how could Collin, McNair, and the others help? Lina glanced around, meeting each of their ocher stares with a measure of pity, and even less hope. 
“Numbers are numbers.”
All she needed was a large distraction. If they could harness the strength of a few hundred immortals, and form a barricade around Herocles, Lina would then be able to get within close enough proximity to take him out. She’d gained her powers from the OverGods, the ones who once called Herocles brother. She knew she had their blessing, and even if she eventually crossed paths with Set, Lina felt he wouldn’t stand in her way. She knew she couldn’t really trust him though. If it came down to it, and he turned on her, she would take them both out.
“Eh! Look!”
“Lina!” Collin grabbed her wrists and yelled for McNair. “She’s bleeding, get a towel!” Collin held her in his arms while his leader checked her lids and then her heart.
“She’s alright, she’s...” he leaned back on the ground and wiped his head. 
Lina came to. Her focus was blurred and it took her a second to realize she was lying on the ground, her head in Collin’s lap. She blinked a few times before trying to see his face. “Did I just faint?” She never had before, but with the way her body was acting, it wasn’t so farfetched anymore.
“Not exactly,” he told her, his attention flickering to McNair who was still recovering. The rest of the men had gathered around too. Lina saw the red-stained cloth in Collin’s hand. She reached for her nose, and soon realized that wasn’t the only orifice her fluids had streamed from. Even her ears were moist. She inadvertently pressed her inner swell and thighs together, to make sure none had come from her womb. She felt a flip-flop sensation in her belly, like a resounding affirmation from her children that all was well. Her legs didn’t feel wet, and, thank goodness her babies were still with her.
“Ohh,” she murmured, her mind catching up as she pulled a finger from her earlobe. “That’s not good, is it?” she remarked nervously. Collin tried propping her up a bit. 
“Here, keep your head level. It’s best to let the blood drain they say.”
“That’s only for humans Coll!” said his brother. “She needs all hers, and we all need her to have it as well, lest she take a chomp of one of our arms!”
“Feck off!” he shouted back.
Cal rushed for Collin but McNair intervened.
“Easy!” growled McNair, hoisting a taller Cal from his feet. “Your brother’s got this, go back over there, and pipe down, eh?! Lina’s fine, she’ll have more to drink to replenish, right?” he asked her. In his mind he pleaded with her to level with him.
You can see I’ve got my hands full with these boys. They’re not much for rules and order. If we’re to have any shot, I need you at your best. Tell me the truth. Are ya well?
Lina blinked at him, terrified his wards would hear. When he assured her they couldn’t she answered. I don’t want to give you false hope McNair. I don’t believe that would serve either of our cause. I’m strong, but most likely far from what I or my coven might consider, well.
He reflected long and hard.
What do you want me to do? he asked, quickly making busy with himself and keeping up conversation with his pack. He handed Perth a satchel of weapons, ones Lina knew would do little more than irritate Herocles at best. If it served them comfort, she wouldn’t say anything.
Lina inhaled as Collin continued cleaning her face and neck. I’m only queen to those in the order. When night falls I will go to the street. I will stand at the center square and wait until our brothers descend upon me. Once they smell that I’ve been marked, they’ll try to take me. That’s when I’ll show them who I am if they don’t already know and then, I’ll ask them to join me. You have to follow the path that calls you McNair. I won’t hold it against you, if you choose to keep these men, your children, safe. You’re not a coward if you run. I don’t doubt there are thousands living as you are now, deep within the crust of the earth, away from the ugliness. If I were in your position, she shrugged slightly. Who knows?
McNair glared at her. Woman, you are a damn liar!
Lina winced in Collin’s arms and he shifted, thinking he’d touched her face too hard. She gently coaxed him to release her. Lina walked slowly to the elder wolf, cupping her fingers around her midsection. When she was a foot away she spoke aloud.
“I’m not lying,” she informed him. “I’ve never had the luxury to make different choices, and if I could, I might.” Lina thought about her dad. Knowing the sacrifices Ahmenos made still didn’t make up for any of the pain caused to her. If she’d the ability to rewind time, there wasn’t a doubt in her mind that she’d have the entire situation play out much differently. McNair moved in.
“I don’t believe you,” he barked, his eyes cold as steel. “Something tells me, you’ve never backed down from a fight, not even when you were clearly outnumbered.”
“And, you’re not the type to follow the ignorant blindly,” she argued, herself being the ignorant one, about to head out into the line of fire. “You have the ability to keep everyone around you safe. Don’t take that kind of power for granted!” Then she knew she had to speak only to him. I told you, I won’t fault you, for making a new decision for the sake of your men.
He crowed with laughter. “I have as much at stake. It’s our world too! I won’t bury my head in the sand while a war rages among man!”
Lina was puzzled. “But, you asked me what I thought you should do?” she whispered to him. McNair controlled himself, in order to buffer what the others heard.
I meant, in the event you lose, control, he paused, taking a step even closer to point to her womb. She finally knew what he was saying. Lina’s heart fell to her feet. Her pulse thundered beneath her flesh and her palms were suddenly dripping. Lina swallowed over a lump.
Get them out, take them to Cumbria, to their...fathers. She tried desperately to hold her tears back as McNair nodded that he thoroughly understood. He passed her then, casting only his golden iris in her direction before rallying his troop.
“Very well gents,” howled McNair behind her, “sundown in ten!”
“Aye!” they cheered. Lina’s heart dropped further.
“Ready to hunt some new blood?!” he roared.
The men hollered and shouted, bouncing off one another as they gathered their packs and did up their boots and coats in preparation. Lina watched in horror behind a clever mask. She knew, without a shadow of doubt, she was sending them to their deaths. They may not lose the battle this night, but it was bound to happen. It was only a matter of how soon. She would enter the ring with remorse in her soul, knowing the violent sacrifice would be her darkest hour, but that her children, the two that lay sleeping inside her, would survive. She would trust that McNair and Collin would honor her wishes. By hook or by crook, they would carry those babies, in their mouths if they had to, all the way back to Will and Jaime. Once they reached them, she knew they’d be safe. She hoped when that time came her kings would leave Cumbria for Egypt, without so much as a glance behind them.

“It’s time Miss,” said Sully. Lina smiled and gave his arm a light knock before following Collin and the others to the under route that would take them to city level the quickest. The nagging feeling in her heart that she was making a grave mistake would not cease. Silent prayers of strength and guidance were sent out into the world, and she hoped they would reach her loves, and, Isis.


26. Bait
McNair stood under the canopy of a bus stop across from the square. Collin, his brother and Sully were each at different points around the fountain, closest to the street side. They paced casually, keeping their attention on Lina, and on McNair, who they could not afford to lose. Two other men were stationed at another bus pickup down Charing Cross. The rest were spread out, some down the opposite road, two in the dark near St. Martin’s, and about five men patrolled from above the church and the National Gallery. Only Lina was left exposed, right at the foot of the fountain for all to see. Cars, buses, and taxies zoomed by, as walkers and business-folk kept equally steady paces as they headed towards their own end of day libations. Lina couldn’t help but shiver for them and she wished she could somehow stop all time, and force each of them back to their homes until the mess was over. She pricked her ears in order to stay alert. Her silver gaze vigilant to all stimulus. McNair was in her ear.
Relax, we’ve got you covered, he sent.
The air streamed with cool damp fog, exhaust, the scent of a restaurant’s grill, taps from the pubs, men’s cologne, mint, and sweat. She could also catch the faintness of peonies and astrantias, wafting their delicious aroma from a nearby garden. Lina frowned. “Do I smell like you?” she asked to the air. She couldn’t tell, since she was capable of taking all life in at once.
Lina heard a few faraway snickers. McNair coughed where he stood. You smell, wolf-ish.
What the hell does that mean? she grumped, picking at her nail as the sun finally set. It was a red evening, and the air buzzed with a charge. Pigeons that had been busily pecking scraps, flapped away from her. She was alone in the square for the moment. 
It means that for as much as Collin probably enjoyed his task, you carry a scent all your own. Lina sensed Collin shift awkwardly where he stood. Sully must have silently been teasing him.
The point was to give them a reason to hunt, to mate, she sent back self-consciously.
There was a lengthy pause.
McNair moved out from the shadow. He was about to answer her but he stopped. We have our first curious visitor. His men on the rooftops were at the ready, their feet ticking the edge, about to make the leap to thirty stories below. Hold! McNair sent to all.
Out of the corner of her eye Lina saw the first immortal. She narrowed her vision. It was a male, and she was surprised to discover, a vampire. That wasn’t what they’d expected at all. Her mind reached for McNair.
I’ve never met one outside the coven or council, except a few criminals I had to punish.
McNair chuckled. Wait. You may need to do the same with this one.
Lina steeled her resolve as the rogue made his way to her. His movements were predatory, cautious. He was just as unsure of her as she was of him. She knew he was smelling her, from more than twenty feet away. Despite his confusion the five foot eleven man was instantly ten paces from her. He was ballsy. He had black hair and equally black hooded eyes. His wore a leather bike jacket, a white printed shirt underneath, skin tight leather pants, and combat boots. She was about to admonish his public faux pas but it appeared no human actually noticed his lightning speed.
Quick little bugger, isn’t he? someone said. It was Sully. The three of them were now at the terminal with McNair, peering at Lina and their new guest through the glass of the enclosure. McNair cautioned everyone to stay where they were. No sense in alerting this creature too soon.
Lina took in the newcomer’s posture, his rough look, his intentions. He observed her in much the same way until she smiled at him. The vampire hissed at her and she knew he wanted to leap back that instant. She shouted at him not to.
“Không di chuyển!”
The vampire had dropped his fangs and was snarling at her, and when he’d caught the scent of the rest of the wolves, he turned to run. Before he could move, Sully, Collin, and Cal were on him. They tried their best not to hurt him, and also to make it not seem like an attack. They were still in public view. “Settle down there!” growled Cal.
The men brought the slightly smaller vampire, rigidly to Lina. Collin had his fingers locked around the man’s throat until a human couple walked passed. He grinned at them as if they were only fooling around. Apparently the couple didn’t believe him because they scuttled away giving the men horrendous looks of disapproval. Perfect, thought Lina! Now they looked like bullies in the park.
She stepped closer to her party and the spiky-haired vampire riled against the constricting arms. “For God’s sake! You’re making a scene!” shouted Sully. “People capture things like this on their cell phones Collin, make him stop!”
Lina spoke to the vampire in his tongue again. “Chúng tôi sẽ không làm tổn thương bạn,” she told him, we won’t hurt you.
The vampire continued to wriggle, his coal eyes scanning the high buildings. When he realized he was matched, he went limp and cried out in English. “Let me go!” he grumbled. He had a really deep voice. “I was only curious, I’m not anymore! Let me be!”
“We’ll let you go, if that’s what you wish. We’ve no intention of holding anyone against their will,” Lina told him as evenly as she could. She knew Sully was right. The last thing they needed was to draw human attention to themselves. The way of their kind had always been low profile, and it had to stay that way, for all their sakes. He studied her face a moment, then his dark, angular features went white as the impending moon.
“What are you?” he asked, growing agitated again. Collin and Cal began to laugh. “Wha! What’d I say? What is this?! Why are you laughing you mutts?!”
“Hey, now! That’s not anyway to speak to the ones with the power to release you!” griped Cal.
“Or not release you, as it were!” Collin added. The man’s expression grew furious, his irises revolved in his head.
“Tôi sẽ xé cánh tay của bạn ra, con chó!” the vampire hissed back. Sully put strain on the man’s torso, while Cal shoved his knee into the man’s back.
“What did he say?!” demanded Sully. Lina scowled in the dark. Was it even worth repeating? No.
“You don’t want to know.”
“Aw, sure we do.”
Lina stared at the vampire. He stared back. She knew that instant, he was no stranger to adversity. She envisioned a small coastal village in Vietnam being totally annihilated and only this man, this vampire, Johnny, was left standing. He came to London shortly after, poor, alone, but clearly unbroken. She inhaled with a diminutive amount of respect, “He said, he’d like to tear all your arms off.” He might die trying, but he would try just the same.
Sully busted out laughing. “Oooo!”
The vampire head-butted the brute. Sully howled in pain bringing one fist to his busted lip. Cal took the squirrely assailant into his own arms so Collin could calm Sully down. He riled against his hold.
“Manners, please,” said Cal.
The vampire, Johnny, stopped fighting and stared at Lina for a few seconds.
“Your face, I’ve seen it before,” he rumbled from his gut, his accent equal parts Vietnamese and English. The wolves joined in restricting him harder, in case he tried to hurt her.
She leaned in despite that, close enough that he could smell her breath and hear the ancient voices running inside her. “Who am I?” she asked, almost taunting. He had a little too much vinegar for her taste. It could be a great asset or a total waste of her time.
He said nothing at first, only watched her face, watched as it contorted from the more human features she possessed for daylight, into the thing she could become at night. His immortal heart pumped the sloshy contents he’d recently consumed, leaving his stomach void and his mind swirling. She then showed him the wolf that lay ever restless in the lowest pit of her, and the havoc she could wreak, if he didn’t quickly and quietly fall in line.
“You...” he whispered violently.
“Me,” she replied in agreement. Out of the blue the vampire began to weep, and this threw Sully and the other two for a loop. They didn’t know what to do, so they just continued holding him, though more gently.
“We didn’t think you existed,” he blubbered, trying to yank his restricted arms free so he could drop to the ground before her.
Lina pulled out a cloth from her jacket. She began wiping his cheeks instead. Cal and the others were in shock.
“What just happened?”
“Don’t underestimate this one,” she warned them, “or any of his kind. They may not be true Dam Ilah, but they are strong, and certainly hearty in number, isn’t that right?” Lina asked the vampire.
“Are you going to kill me?”
“Of course not, why on earth would you even think it?” she asked irritably.
“The older ones, they say you are Sek-met’s daughter. They say you’re a...”
“A what?!”
His stomach churned in fear. “A, cannibal.”
Lina bellowed with laughter, so much her own belly began to ache. Collin and the others stared between their captive and the woman they’d decided to follow. A nervous apprehension crept up each of their necks that hadn’t been there previously.
“I’m intrigued,” she squealed, ignoring the questioning in their heads. The vampire didn’t share her jollity either. “What else do these so-called elders say about me?” She had a good mind to fulfill their gossip right then and there. She was hungry enough. Clowns.
The man had to think.
“That much?” she queried in amusement.
“They say you’ve killed nearly as many,” he swallowed as he looked around to the men holding him.
“Go on.”
“As many Black Wolves, as Isis.” He whispered her aunt’s name.
Lina was floored at the inaccuracy. She was flattered too. “Hardly, what else?”
“They told us that you allow,” he reared his head back again, “this sort to roam free, and to...”
“Yes?” she said curtly, losing patience.
“...to mate with, our kind.” His ignorant words dripped with disdain. She decided it wasn’t his fault. It wasn’t his fault that some immortal nitwit had filled his innocent mind with garbage and lies. It wasn’t his fault they’d nearly turned him into a territorial bigot. She wondered how many hate crimes would ensue between the clans if she didn’t nip this situation in the bud and fast. She was enraged that her past meetings with council hadn’t made even a dent in the junior subcultures. When all this Herocles business was over she would make a point of showing her face more often. Everyone needed some education apparently.
Lina arched a brow. “Let’s get a few things straight, shall we? Your allegiance to me comes first by Sek-met, after all, she is our maker, and therefore, you will take heed and remember that. Second, I’m the daughter of Agmenon and Hekate, two ancient names in the order that you will now pay homage and respect to.”
“But,” he tried to interject.
“Hold your tongue, or it will be held for you, along with your baby fangs, understand?”
He shook his head.
“Third,” she said, “I’m an equal opportunity feeder.”
“Ye-ess, yes ma’am,” he stammered. “I mean, your grace!”
“Good. Now, apologize to my friends because they are your friends too, and who they choose to share their beds with, isn’t really your parties concern. They won’t be knocking down your door to judge anytime soon either.”
The vampire dropped his head in apology.
“Wonderful. Now, how many of you are there?” she asked.
“I couldn’t say, I, I don’t...”
Lina held up her finger to silence his beginning protest. “I’ll get straight to it, fair?”
He bobbed his sore head.
“I would like for you to summon all in your group, and any others you’ve crossed paths with, would you do that for me?” He hesitated.
“That won’t be easy.”
Lina laughed. “Care to trade places?”
He pondered her offer, then grimaced. “No.”
“I’m here to call you all to duty.” Again, her request was met with silent opposition. “I’m well aware your liberty is at stake, and I assure you, I sympathize, believe me; however, a threat has made itself known and it affects us all, even you who live in shadow. Tell your group,” Lina halted to glance at her new lot. They all gave her the green light she was looking for. “Tell them, Queen Ahmose-set, seeks council. Tell them, if they wish to go on living amongst the humans in peace, they will come to me here, without arms.”
The vampire puzzled. 
“What?” she asked.
“They won’t believe me.”
“Why shouldn’t they? They’re the ones filling your heads with stories about me.”
“Figured they were lying to keep us loyal.”
“Now you can make a more informed decision, can’t you?”
“Yes...” he swallowed, “your grace.” Lina grinned at him and nodded for the men to release him. The vampire stood there as if he were in shock. He quickly began rubbing his arms and neck. 
“You’re free to go,” she said. “I hope I can count on you.”
He didn’t hesitate and before they could blink he was on the other side of the square. He turned around to meet her once more. 
“Speak,” she ordered.
“The wolves, the ones that have been disappearing...”
Lina felt her small army bristle behind her. “What about them?”
“We had nothing to do with it,” he swore. Collin and Cal trembled with anger, but Lina knew the vampire was speaking the truth. 
“Thank you for your information. You’ll find asylum and allies here, if you follow through. You’ve got one hour.”
He bowed minimally to her before disappearing into the night.


27. Opposition
“Some monster he was,” McNair joked, after he, Lina, and the pack made it around the corner and into the alleyway. 
Lina drew her new coat closer around her and crossed her arms. “He’s young. They won’t all be so tame McNair. It’s best if each of you reconcile yourself of that. You may be surprised to find that even some of your own brothers will oppose you, now that you’ve aligned yourselves with me. That one goes by Johnny, and he isn’t to be messed with. He was caught off guard, that’s all. In another situation, he could more than handle his own.”
“Bollocks!”
“Look, I’m telling you, this is no time for a pissing contest between halflings, and wolves. Need I remind you how disorganized you all are?”
The rest of the men drew nearer. Perth set down his pack and rolled out his neck. He reached his beefy hand to it, rubbing gingerly where the curly brown hair met his fingers. His square jaw flexed. “What’ll we do about any wolves who don’t join us?”
“What we need to,” spat McNair, who stood a foot shorter. Perth’s shoulders sank and it made Lina’s too. She stepped to their elder.
“You can’t just kill those who don’t agree.” She knew by one glance, McNair’s men hadn’t the stomach for it. She didn’t blame them.
“More and more wolves are being taken, probably somewhere as we speak! Forgive me, but we haven’t time for mercy. If they don’t join us, they’re then our enemies.”
“Once, you would have felt the same,” Lina aptly reminded the fearless leader. “You’ve been on the outside a long time McNair, and one could argue that you have ignored your own soldierly duty, to Lycion, to Isis, and, to me.” Lina leveled McNair and he softened. “I’ve not sent scouts to snuff you and your pack out in all this time, and I wouldn’t, because all creatures deserve their freedom. I don’t call unless I am truly in need.”
McNair came nearer to her, nervously rubbing his stubbly chin, “Precisely why we can’t take their refusal. This is getting much bigger than any of us ever anticipated. At first we thought the lost wolves had actually just run off, but now, it’s clear that these abductions are premeditated, and if it’s as you say, that demons are finding more permanent means of survival here on earth,” he shrugged, “it falls on each of us, both clans, to put a stop to it. We all know the humans can’t help. It’s our job to protect them.”
“All the more reason to tread carefully when recruiting. If word spreads to the other covens, and they do as we are now, by snaking out the rogues, it could be the very best thing that’s happened in years. That kind of outfit requires a little, as my gran always said, finesse.”
She’d been busy in Cumbria with her own personal struggles, but Lina knew it was time to come out of hiding. She knew inherently that the balance of nature needing shifting, only instead of feeling torn within herself and destructive, she felt whole, and strong and more than ready to do what she needed to. Her ascension was the first of many battles to erect change, and by the end of her own regime, she would see all immortals aligned.
“I think you’re giving these immortals’ loyalty too much credit,” said McNair.
Someone whispered that perhaps he was right.
Lina couldn’t help but smile internally. The wolves were a long line, spanning several thousand years. Each new birth marked a generation of Wepwawet’s bloodline, it crossed continents and oceans, ages and races, and it didn’t matter how long they’d been absent from court or if they’d never even the pleasure of doing so. These men, these wolves, were linked. It was a bond that held them stronger than the force of the tide to the moon. She knew if they put their minds to it, they could expertly force change. “They only need guidance. They need to once again believe in something. That is the difference between the OverGods and us. They hail from a time when humans worshipped without fear, without persecution. Today, no one is free from the constraints of greed. It runs rampant in the streets, like rivers of blood. It poisons, contaminates. We must give them faith, hope. McNair,” Lina addressed their leader, “you were a general once.” The others looked confused and she wondered why he’d never mentioned it. “Valor was too small a word for you.” McNair grew uneasy in his boots.
“What’s she talkin about?” asked Perth.
“Nothing. Speakin out of turn is all.”
Your past isn’t mine to tell McNair, but these men, they deserve a leader who is brave as much as he is temperate. Those soldiers would have followed you to the ends of the earth. You were a god to them.
Ah huh, and their all dead now!
They believed in something bigger then themselves. You taught them that. Sometime after you lost sight of it, of who you were, of who you still are, Lina sent to him privately.
His pack had gathered around him. They wanted to know the truth. McNair drew in a breath, walked between them and sat down. He needed to not only rally his men, but believe in the cause himself. It would be difficult for him, considering he often felt like a failure, but it was time he let go of the past and of the things he had no control over. If he even showed half the amount of perseverance he’d portrayed in Scotland five hundred years prior, they’d have no trouble garnering allies from the streets to defeat Herocles.
McNair nodded to her.
Lina had no misgivings. He would situate himself at her side, and he wouldn’t leave her, until it was all over. He reminded her of Agmenon, the way he looked upon his men with such pride and obligation. It was a mighty weight he bared, and there were very few that would trade places with him. She could think of only two, and her heart was tormented at the mere image of them in her mind. She hoped Will and Jaime were faring better in Cumbria.

“We’ve got more company,” uttered Cal. This time he placed his arm protectively over Collin’s chest. Lina and McNair watched with the others as a group of immortals emerged in the square. There were at least thirty, and they were careful to stay moderately spread out, inconspicuous. 
“All Halflings, except for...that one,” McNair motioned to the far left, near the adjacent roadway. A tall man in a trench coat was leaning against a building across the street. Ahead of him, a young woman entered a taxi and soon they drove away. A gust of wind and the flash of the taillights revealed his face and Lina recognized him as a council member. He was watching her from afar, and she him. It was a standoff she hadn’t anticipated. Her history with council had been rocky at best, and truthfully, she didn’t know who if any were on her side, or how much they knew. She waited, making her friends do the same.
The man cast his silver gaze upwards to the drizzly sky. He had a smirk on his face as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a tin. He lit a cigarette, let the smoke swirl in the cool air a moment, and then she knew, he had something to say. Lina’s ears opened.
You’re long from home, Queen Ahmose-set, he said in her mind.
Yes I am, she replied as steadily as him.
I see you’ve made some new friends.
I have.
He chuckled. The city is rife with delinquents. I am happy you’ve not taken un-necessary risks. He followed her eye line to the newcomers, the band of vampires which Lina knew, their first visitor had summoned. This really made him laugh. I certainly hope you’re prepared to deal with them.
Lina met their gazes a moment. They stood in small pods of five or six each, their slate irises buzzing between the councilman, and the large men protecting Lina. Each was a bit more frazzled then the next, either from insatiable newborn hunger, being so exposed to humans, or because she was the mysterious queen they didn’t know existed. She bet it was a bit of all three.
Lina looked back at the councilman. Are you alone?
He gaped at her. This is London. We are never alone.
She grinned at him. Are they in earshot?
He smiled back. They are, at least, those that are in the city. Lina took McNair’s arm, and then Collin and Cal took up at her other side. She spoke now to each and every immortal she was positive were listening. No wolves had made an appearance and that was probably due to the fact that so many had been taken. She had a sneaking suspicion a few of them were around, only keeping in shadow. She would send her words to them as well.
I know you can all hear me.
Lina watched as the vampires in the square paid close attention. Across the street more began revealing themselves, under awnings, in doorways, from parked vehicles, and on top of farther buildings. Collin held her a little tighter. Lina assured him everything was fine.
We must come together, tonight. She glanced at the councilman. He let her know they could follow him to headquarters. It’d be safer for them to speak within those protective walls. Bring only yourselves, no humans, no exceptions, understood?
“Why should we follow you, we don’t wish to die!” someone yelled.
“Yes! We’ve done nothing wrong, apart from eat!”
Lina grumbled. No one is accusing you of any crimes. You’re all free men and women.
Another voice kicked up. “We only came out because we wanted to see if the rumor was true!”
“I’ve seen enough already!”
“Aye, me as well!”
Look! You’re all in danger, and so is your food supply, she sent to them all. She didn’t have to see some of their crimes to know they’d committed them. Her statement quieted the growing mob.
“The abductions means nothing to us. It isn’t us they want!”
Lina searched fast for the last heckler. She zeroed in on him at once and before Collin could stop her she had the vampire by his skinny throat. He was gangly, and reeked of a child’s blood. She took her fingers and pried open his mouth, then inhaled. Soon McNair and the others were with her, working hard to keep the mangy man’s friends away. The councilman had also joined them, with two of his kind at his flank. Killing humans was forbidden, and this creature had gorged himself on the most precious of all, a baby. Lina’s eyes were white and her long fangs were dripping with her own blood. The councilman reached carefully for her arm.
“My queen, your fury is due, but please, not here. Let us get within the boundaries of our nest. We will deal with this animal there.”
“He’s right. It looks like we have at least a few ready to listen. Let’s get off the streets,” agreed McNair.
The councilman mentally ordered all watching ringside to follow slowly, and to not draw further attention. He listened to their silent grumblings and building mistrust. A few were already making plans to overtake the meeting. He and Lina laughed internally at their scheme to kill her first. 
“Ahh,” he sighed. “The night will be very long.”


28. Divine Messenger
“Where are we going?” Jaime complained behind Charles, who was treading as lightly as possible over broken beer bottles, wet newspapers, and trash. “It’s freaking filthy down here.” He kicked a heap of garbage out of his way. The debris hit Charles in the ankle.
“Gross!” Charles scooted to the side, grimacing, he held out a curt hand for Jaime to take the lead.
“Sorry dude,” laughed Jaime. “This is nasty.”
Thomas paused ahead, with Will and Gabriel a few paces further. “We’re more than fifty feet below ground, what’d you expect?”
“Church overhead, don’t the priests have like, underground libraries or something? Shouldn’t it be all shrines and gold?” Jaime swiped his leather jacket free of some rain water, then lifted his grey hoodie over his damp hair.
“You’re thinking of monks,” Thomas corrected, motioning for Will to come back. 
“We really need to keep going,” he said, still keeping close tabs on Gabriel who was hovering aimlessly near a tri fork in the tunnel system.
Thomas leaned in closer. “Where is this kid taking us Will? He brought us down here, for what? I mean who the hell is he? I don’t get it.” The four men all turned to stare at the young boy who abruptly raised his smooth chin and grinned back. Jaime peered over at Will and struck a brow.
“He’s weird.”
Will frowned. “You sound like Lina.” Jaime apologized in his mind.
“We fed him, we gave him a drink...what else does he need?” asked Charles, changing the subject.
Will tightened his jaw. “You’ll make an excellent father one day Charlie.”
“What? That’s hardly the same thing! I’m not saying leave him down here alone, with the rats. I’m saying, there has to be a shelter, or someplace he can go.”
“Keep your voice down! We aren’t dumping him anywhere!” Will didn’t know if his brothers could smell Lina, but he wasn’t going anywhere until he made certain she wasn’t there. If Charles didn’t like that, it was too bad.
“Are we taking him home? We can’t seriously be considering taking him with us. He’s got to have some family, somewhere!” Charles complained, disregarding Will’s reprimand altogether.
“He can’t go to his family, he knows about us, idiot!”
Charles stepped to Will, balled fingers already raised like he would charge. Will opened his arms wide and arrogant, waiting for his brother, but Charles didn’t make a move. He dropped his fist in anger and moved back. When Thomas circled and patted his shoulder he apologized to Will. They were all on edge, for one reason or another. It was no time to fight.
“It was one thing to entertain this kid before, but now...Will?” Thomas intervened.
“Yeah, and, we need to...” Jaime paused, “...feed.”
They looked ahead again at Gabriel. The boy was still lingering near the fork, as if he were debating which path to take.
Will stared at Jaime hard.
“What’s the matter with you?” Jaime asked aloud.
Can’t you...
He finally perked to their private connection. Can’t I what?
Will glanced around the tunnel, and then ahead to the paths. He inhaled. Smell that, Will sent in a mental whisper.
Lina, Jaime rumbled back. A rush of heat and passion filled them. Thomas and Charles understood. They couldn’t smell her as Will could, but they didn’t question their discovery either, not for a moment. Will made a motion towards Gabriel and the boy came back. There was a liveliness to his gait that left the four men further scratching their heads.
“What’s up fellas?”
“Gabriel?” 
“Yes?” he answered Will.
“We really want to be of some help to you,” he began.
“And I am grateful,” said Gabriel warmly. “You saved my life. I owe you one now.”
“Ye-ah,” smiled Will, trying hard to be kind, “it’s ah,” he peered at Thomas who encouraged him to continue. Will scrubbed his chin. “You’re really on your own now, no family?” Will was tempted to send him to the mansion, but without knowing anything about him, he knew that wasn’t the best plan.
Gabriel faltered on his heel. “No, haven’t anyone, here.”
“I see,” Will exhaled. Charles came to his side, knowing his brother was truly at a loss. They wanted to help, but Gabriel was more responsibility than any of them could undertake. The young boy rose a thin brow, gave them a wink and fingered for them to follow.
“Wait kid, we gotta talk,” said Will.
“Will, let’s go,” urged Jaime impatiently. “She’s...here.”
Gabriel’s back stiffened. “Almost there now, this way,” he ordered.
Will and Thomas shook their heads and obeyed, with the other two close behind. Gabriel was at least heading in what they felt was the right direction.
Probably a homicidal maniac, sent Charles.
Right? I was totally just thinking that. Will, seriously, this dude probably hacked his parents to death! Jaime chortled from the back. I bet there’s some cult living down here!
Yep, a cult of kids who lure innocent humans down into the sublevel to do blood sacrifices! chortled Charles.
Where’d you get that shit! sent Thomas.
“T.V.”
“Oh well, then it must be true!” laughed Thomas.
If that’s the case, we can more than take him, can’t we? Will said softly in his mind.
Strychnine in the well Will, we warned you, Charles snickered.
Thomas motioned for one of the tunnels, the opening of which shifted from dirt to stone or concrete. “It looks cleaner up ahead.”
“It is,” offered Gabriel. The other four watched him enquiringly as the kid moved into the darkness with the step of a carefree child. At first he was the tortured victim, bruised, and about to die at the hands of a demon. Two hours later, Gabriel was the quintessential travel guide of the underground. It was mindboggling. Thomas jabbed Will’s arm.
Did you notice that look he gave us? he sent.
I did, said Charles.
Me too, it’s like he’s got something he’s just itching to share, Jaime stopped moving.
“Where does that tunnel lead boy, do you even know?” Thomas blurted. The others were shocked that he’d gone there but they wanted to know too.
“What you seek is there,” said Gabriel to Will and Jaime only. His voice in that moment had changed so, no longer the tenor of a hormonal teenage boy. He sounded very, old. Jaime and Charles drew closer to Will and Thomas.
“What is this?” asked Thomas, half holding up his hand in defense of the others. Will stepped out from them instead, gently taking his brother’s arm down. He and Gabriel locked eyes. Finally Gabriel’s shoulders lowered a bit, and his expression softened in intensity.
“I do apologize. It wasn’t my intention to be so, abstruse,” said the boy. Will cocked his head, waiting. “I had a vision, that you four would be here, that you would need help. It wasn’t by chance that I found you all in the square, when that, thing, attacked me,” he explained. “They shouldn’t be here you know.”
“Um, who?” asked Thomas. He subsequently rubbed the goose pimples from the back of his neck.
“The Shayateen,” said the boy openly. “They are the exiled. They’ve no place among man. We feel them, from the moment they cross over into this world.” Will took a step closer despite Charles holding steadfastly to his arm.
“Will, don’t!” he warned, but Will didn’t listen. He peered into Gabriel’s wide green eyes. He looked hard, following the upturned lips, the straight bridge of the pale nose. Suddenly a warmth emanated from the boy, and an exuberant light followed. Will and his brothers stood back. It wasn’t skepticism they felt anymore, but a strange peace, a knowing. It was one they didn’t understand. Thomas shook his head in disbelief.
“It can’t be,” he murmured, raking a hand through his dark hair.
“Impossible,” Charles said a moment later.
Gabriel brought a finger out before him, looked moderately at the nail and then great white wings released from behind him. Jaime fell back from the rush of wind they caused. Charles jumped to retrieve him, and they stood again, in complete astonishment. The four men watched the gentle flap to and fro of Gabriel’s great wings. They were enormous, with a span of six feet, so large they looked as if they’d swallow the boy whole, or at least make him topple over. But, he didn’t fall. He was quite graceful as his features took on a more mature outline. He grinned at the four wolf men, especially Jaime, who cupped his hand over his mouth. The boy who appeared like a man, spoke to him in his mind and Jaime uttered biblical words, ones he hadn’t thought of since he was a child.
“...and there appeared unto him, an angel, the third, who is set over all the powers...Gabriel.”

“How?” asked Charles, still marveling the beautiful sight before them. He’d seen miracles his whole life, seen what the OverGods had created, his brethren, the wolf soldiers of court. He’d witnessed magic. But this, this was no magic, no trick. This was divinity, through and through.
Gabriel plucked a feather from his left wing and balanced it over his finger, before sending it floating over to Charles. The white wispy thing landed in his opened palm. Charles trembled from the cool chill it caused, like he’d just fallen through the earthly blue skies. “How do you exist?” he asked coyly.
“Yes but,” Charles argued. Gabriel rose a hand to silence them all from further protest.
“I exist, as you do, as all creatures do.”
“But...”
“You’re looking for the answer,” Gabriel assumed with a sigh. “The only one I can give you is, because, She has willed it so.”
“Ah, sorry?” interrupted Thomas. “She who?”
“Your creator. The One. She who is responsible, for all life, mortal, immortal, and, everything in between.”
Jaime coughed. “Or above.” He gestured to Gabriel who smiled.
“Don’t believe everything you read.”
“No Heaven?” Jaime asked. He wasn’t sure if he believed in it or not, but in their current predicament, and Lina missing...he really needed his old comforts.
“Try not to think of it as one specific place. If man got anything right in his renditions it was this...all kingdoms are inside you, and all around you. We dance along these veils, which separate us from different realms, but in the end, it’s all the same. We,” Gabriel gestured between himself and the men, “we are all the same, and we all go to that far reaching realm, with Her.”
It was silent in the tunnel. Gabriel remained patient.
“Wait a minute, hold on...” Thomas huffed. “You said, because She willed it, but Atum, is not a she,” Thomas pointed out.
“No?” queried Gabriel in amusement.
“Pretty sure I know a man from a woman, sir,” argued Thomas. “He showed up to bring these two back to life. Looked like a gentleman to me.”
Gabriel smirked. “Atum is male, yes.”
“Right,” Charles interrupted.
“Atum is not God,” said Gabriel.
“How’s that?” asked Thomas.
“Since when?” piped his brother.
“Since the beginning of all time,” Gabriel told them.
“Will?” whispered Charles. Will hadn’t moved, hadn’t spoken, hadn’t made any attempts to come to terms with this latest discovery. He was torn between trying to find Lina, and also trying to figure out why this, boy, this angel...Gabriel, if that’s really who he was, was suddenly placed in their path. Gabriel looked to Will then. It was ridiculous. The angels, they weren’t a part of the immortal’s history. Angels were part of man’s history, no, his theology! Will’s mind was swirling.
“Don’t!” he warned Gabriel not to come closer. Gabriel frowned.
I’m here to help you William, he sent. Will gasped, realizing the angel could hear and speak through his thoughts too. He grabbed hold of his head and started pacing. Gabriel went to him. He placed his hands over Will’s, coaxing him soothingly to bring them down. He smelled of the air, and of water, and of light. It was overwhelming for Will.
“We are all a part of her story, you who are beasts upon the earth, demi gods, humans, half-lings, and...”
Will slumped in his hold, his ocher lens’s flickering to the wide looming wings. “The angels and the demons.”
“That’s right.”
“My God,” he breathed through tears. His ears were ringing. Gabriel beamed.
“My God too,” he said with a wink.
“Do you know,” Will began, though his aching heart barely allowed him to fully process or even hope. “Do you know where Lina is?” Jaime came around to hear too.
“I’ve been keeping track of her. She’s not in danger at present.”
“Where?!” Jaime almost shouted, then he quickly recovered, trying to gain composure. Gabriel forgave his outburst.
“Currently, Lina is with a pack of wolves.”
Will and Jaime looked ill. Neither one of them in that instant knew if it was jealously straight off or plain worry. “What wolves?” Will snarled.
“The ones that live within these tunnels and caves. This is where she met them. She’s onto Herocles’ trail, or so she thinks. He’s been quite busy himself.”
“I’ll bet,” Thomas howled.
“He’s been taking wolves from the streets, building an army.”
“Why would any wolf join him?” asked Jaime.
“Herocles needs only bodies, not their minds, or their latent loyalty to the queen.” He said the last word with a measure of doubt cast over his face, like the five letters somehow displeased him. It wasn’t that so much as it was, inaccurate. Will disregarded Gabriel’s muddled thoughts.
“What do you mean, about Herocles?”
“He will use the wolves, eat their souls, and change them.”
“Into what?!” shouted Thomas.
“Into that thing...that William so aptly dispatched of up there.”
“No!”
“We have to stop him Will! He’ll make hundreds, more than that even!” Charles began to shudder and shake until Thomas put his arm around him to calm him.
“Don’t shift. Save your strength. Apparently we’re really going to need it now.”
“Will, if this is true, if he’s really gonna change them...we’ll have such small numbers. What are we gonna do?” asked Jaime. Will glanced at his two brothers, the two who he was responsible for. He thought of his father, Lycion. He knew the old king would never forgive him, if Will allowed anything to happen to those boys. Then he looked to Jaime. Lina would not forgive him either, if something terrible should happen to her young husband. Gabriel was in his thoughts he knew, but he just couldn’t answer. 
“Will are you listening?” Charles complained.
“I want you to take us as far as you can,” Will told Gabriel.
“I’m with you till the end William.”
“The end? What does he mean the end? Will?” asked Charles in worry.
“Lina will soon meet with those she’s summoned.”
“Where?” asked Will.
“At council headquarters. She chose the spot as the safest, for her.”
“Will they turn on her?” Will was suddenly so agitated he may just shift himself. He couldn’t stand to think of his love, in that stadium, with who knew what sort of traitors and murderers. She was crazy to think she could trust them. Dammit! he thought. Why? Why had she gone off on her own!


29. Death Toll Rises
Gabriel opened his wing to the old subway route ahead. “Shall we? If we take this roadway, it will break into a small pitted cave where the wolves harbor. We will then follow the city lines all the way to the council building. It’s safer to travel as they did. The streets could be crawling with demons, we can’t be too careful.” The men agreed and got a move on. Jaime and Will talked amongst themselves.
Now is definitely not the time to be going off on your own! Jaime sent.
I didn’t say I was, said Will. The flutter of Gabriel’s wings was still making him uneasy. He didn’t know why really. Maybe it was still that he felt he couldn’t trust anyone.
Well you’re sure as hell not leaving me behind. She’s my wife too, damn Will!
Would you relax! I’m not leaving you behind. I need you.
Jaime recovered. You’re right. You do need me.
I know!
Okay!
Thomas coughed. You both aren’t doing a hot job of blocking us you know.
Will groaned and forged ahead, not next to Gabriel, but away enough from the others. He needed to be in his own head. He would concentrate hard in order to do so.

They had just made it passed the arena where Lina and the wolves first convened. The stench of wolf pheromone was strong, and though a few of their scents and attitudes made Thomas and the others’ agitated, they made an effort to remain positive. If these new wolves were all they would have as allies, it made no sense to fight for the sake of territory or bragging rights. Will was certain he and Charles could adhere to that course, but it would be harder for Thomas and Jaime. They were younger in spirit, and still had a lot of growing up to do. Jaime for the most part had chilled out in these last few months, but Will knew that was more in part to his attachment and love for Lina. Her hand was enough for him to stay in control.
I try, he sent a second later. Will nodded to him, before reaching up the iron ladder.
“Here goes,” he said, following Charles, Thomas, and Gabriel to the trap door that would lead them into the basement of council headquarters.
Once inside they sealed off the entry. The basement was built similar to Ahkmenotep’s storehouse, with rows of wooden filing desks, low lamps with bronze pull chains, stacks of boxes piled high to the ceiling, and all around were rows upon rows of artifacts. Beyond the research tables was another staircase, winding high to the second floor. At the top was a set of double doors. Gabriel urged Will to go up. The others followed.
Charles was last as he peered around the old vault. “Ahkmenotep must love coming here. All this history, all our stories.” Thomas and Will laughed above him.
“Your dear Thoth, scribe of the gods, yes, I’m certain he does,” offered Gabriel with a smile.
Charles choked on the dust, fanned his face, and then began climbing.
When they reached the top it was Gabriel who went first. Before he opened the doors he closed his eyes. Rays of light exhumed from his body, his wings at first outstretched, then swooped in at his sides and disappeared. Gabriel was again, a wide eyed boy, with messy blond hair, and an innocent visage. Thomas was impressed.
“You’re much larger...when you’re your real self,” he observed, with a hint of envy.
“It’s best that no one else know about me. I shudder to think what that beast has already told his master.”
“True Will. The demons can’t be killed. They’ll just keep taking body after body of the humans,” Charles added sorrowfully.
“Don’t worry,” said Gabriel. “There is always a way for good to conquer evil.” He gave Charles a pat and urged them ahead. With their shoulders squared and their hearts strong, the five of them opened the double doors to the waiting arena. Will could feel Jaime’s thoughts at his side. Would they finally be re-united with their bride? Would she be safe as Gabriel said? Could they finally hold her in their arms? He gave Jaime a warm look of anticipation.

Not one of them moved a muscle as they observed the rows of empty seats, empty because the bodies that had once filled them were now piled in the center of the room, nearest the queen’s podium. It was a bloody scene, one to rival their battle with Dekmaten and the Black Wolves. It reeked of immortal blood, of souls, of death...and, of demons. The rotten decay was so overpowering, like these vampires and wolves had been here for weeks, but they knew that couldn’t be. Lina had only just left Cumbria, and Gabriel had been watching her, or so he said. Will turned to him, his eyes moist and growing more yellow as the minutes ticked. Jaime flashed for the place where the elders took seat and to the center, where Lina listened to the covens. He was perched like a cougar, balancing on the edge of the wood. He leaned down to smell her place, and before the others knew it he was screaming with rage. 
“Her blood! It’s hers!” he wailed, before Will had him in his arms. The two men cried together, each trying to get under control, to stave off the burn in their bodies to shift, to run. “It’s her blood Will, our love’s, our Lina’s.”
“I know,” he whispered over Jaime’s hair, rocking him back and forth. Gabriel was very quiet as he watched the men, and then he approached the heap of the dead. He cringed in sickness and his wings quickly released. He crouched down to say a prayer for them.
“Why are you doing that?! Thomas yelled. “They were the ones who probably tried to kill her! Herocles must have gotten to them first, before they’d even had a chance to come to her on their own!” Gabriel knew Thomas was right, he just couldn’t say anything that would make their hearts less heavy. He could only follow his call. He finished, letting his illuminated hand wash over the dead, before he rose to take a hold of Jaime. Will staggered back, wiping his cheeks and gathering himself. Thomas and Charles came to him.
“She’s not dead, she’s not. She got away,” he told them, like he was trying hard to convince himself of it. His brothers quickly agreed.
“She sure did, Lina is strongest of us all. She handled this and then she fled, right Charles?” asked Thomas, urging him to speak up. Charles wasn’t so certain, but he nodded anyway.
“We must remove them. They can’t be allowed to rot here, not within the council building and not like this,” motioned Gabriel.
“It’s at least forty bodies. What do you propose we do?” asked Will.
“What do you normally do with your dead?”
“Burn them,” Will snapped back.
Gabriel’s young face fell. “William, as much as you wish to believe that these men and women...”
Will growled low. “These are not men and women. They are winged devils of Hell!”
Gabriel glanced back at the pile. There were so many youthful faces, so many that had only begun their immortal lives.” It made him so sad. “Not all of them Will. The ones you see came to her with good intention. They wanted her to lead them. They didn’t want to be lost anymore. Only those...” he pointed his finger toward the few at the top that were darker in features, their human eyes stained bloody black, “...are Shayateen. We cannot leave the innocent, because they were overpowered by Herocles’ army. Please Will, help me to send them on their way. They deserve their peace, no matter if he brainwashed them or not. He is a manipulator, a liar, a...”
“You don’t need to tell me who Hero is Gabriel,” muttered Will, “I’m well aware.” Will glanced at a nearly broken Jaime. His face was swollen and his heart pumped in both their ears. He walked to him, took his shoulders in and hugged him. It was long, and required a bit of privacy. Thomas and Charles worked with Gabriel to move the bodies to the underground beneath the repository.
A few minutes later Will pulled back and looked into Jaime’s eyes. Never in all the time they’d been together, had either of them felt more lost or alone. “We’re going to find her,” he told him confidently. Jaime’s lip quivered and the burn in his nose made it flare. He inhaled slowly even as the saliva pooled in his throat and jaw. Will squeezed his arms. “I promise.” Jaime nodded once and they hugged again just before the others returned for another grouping.
Charles had his face covered with the front lining of his shirt. He scooped three, hoisting them over his broad arm. “At least it’s exercise,” he said. Thomas laughed until he remembered the macabre scene and what it meant. He took another pair of vampire women to the pit. Gabriel waited for Will to come to him. Jaime drew in a breath, lifted several bodies in his arms in front of him and turned to head in the direction Charles had gone. He paused at the threshold, waiting as the other two moved along.
It was amazing how Jaime could gather his last strength, to forge ahead. It inspired Will to do the same, and he was so appreciative of their friendship. He’d never expected to get along with Jaime, and certainly never anticipated that they would share Lina, but now that, that time had come and passed, what the three of them shared was the most important thing in Will’s entire world. He knew he would not only fight and kill for Lina, he would fight and kill for Jaime too. He loved him. Will didn’t know it at the time, not when Thomas had asked him all those nights ago, but now, now he knew. He wasn’t ashamed. Jaime was listening to his thoughts as he always did, and not because it was intentional, but because they were connected that way. Will was unsure of how Jaime would take his thoughts, but Jaime just gave Will a look of pure and open acceptance. It was what it was, and there was no changing it. Jaime turned to Gabriel. 
“Are we burning them down there?” he asked.
“I’ll be down momentarily,” he told him. Will was about to follow with corpses of his own, but Gabriel grabbed hold of his arm, forcing him to set them down. They were almost finished, only a few left and Will was anxious to get this task over with so they could again search the city for Lina.
“What is it?” he asked. Gabriel motioned for him to come away from the doors so they others wouldn’t hear.
“Ha! I don’t think you understand quite how we wolves work. You see, I could fly to Dubai, go into my hotel room, seal off all the doors, and still...”
“They would hear you,” Gabriel finished. Will smiled in answer.
“Is it like that for you, and your...”
“Family?”
“Is that what you call them?” asked Will.
Gabriel shrugged a little. “Not exactly, but if you think about it, it’s what God meant, brothers, sisters, children, all part of the same thread of existence, no one more or less powerful, but powerful in our unity, broken in our separation.”
“Whoa, heavy doctrine there,” Will teased.
“Hmm, you’ve always had a difficult time with that, haven’t you?”
“I hadn’t really paid it much attention, until...,” Will felt a melting inside him, deep in the place where he always yearned for Lina. “When she came, she really opened my eyes.” He missed her so much, the smell of her hair, the sweetness of her breath on his face, the gentle pressure of her strong lips. Gabriel watched and listened quietly. He didn’t really apologize or try to stay out of Will’s head, and Will was far too exhausted to try and block this angel. He stifled back his tears with a tilt of his head. “Lina was able to achieve something in a matter of minutes which we could not in five thousand years. She broke down our barriers. She challenged us to seek our own peace, and to not apologize for it.”
“You admired her,” Gabriel surmised.
Will laughed. “I still do.”
“You died for her once,” Gabriel said, like his was speaking from that place so long ago. Will swallowed.
“We did, Jaime and I.”
“Atum came to you, saved you?”
“He did.”
“Why do you think, after so many millions of years removed from creation, he came to you, to the coven?”
Will had to think about that. It wasn’t a question he’d ever asked himself. He was happy to be alive, to be given a second chance. “I couldn’t say.”
Gabriel reflected. “It’s curious, isn’t?”
“I guess, but, I was taught not to look a gift horse, if you know what I mean.”
The angel smiled. “Right.”
“So,” Will started for his pile, “burn them, or bury them?”
“We’ll have to burn them. I don’t care to, but I don’t think we have a choice. The innocents’ souls are free, and moved on. We can’t let their odor filter up to the streets. They’ll be discovered and it will cause bedlam. We have enough of that, don’t we?”
“That we do,” agreed Will. He headed down to the sub level where his brothers and Jaime were waiting.


30. Anchille’s Guilt
“Ahkmenotep?”
Anchille lifted a scroll from the table. He paid no real attention to its script. He was more concerned with the state of the professor’s study. Complete disarray was a marked understatement. The whole room looked as though it had been hit by a hurricane. Anchille walked to the one window which opened to the front drive and views of the obelisks. He could see far-off fell tops through the blue sheen of protection, and it made him sad. How could his coven be in such a state? How had it come to this, to a lockdown? Anchille walked back to the long table and dropped the scroll. He sat in a chair and cupped his hand to his brow.
“I’ve failed them Ahkmen,” he spoke to himself. “I’ve failed them all, my coven, my niece Lina, my sons...even my brothers. Ahnri stays away on purpose, and Ahmenos, looks on me now with such disappointment and shame,” he pressed his head to the wood and began to weep. “Now, I’m failing my wife. I can’t do anything for her. I can provide her no comfort where she’s going. I’m losing her, all over again.”
Something stirred in the corner near the window. Anchille held his breath, while panning the darkness with his preternatural eyes. Probably the creaking of the wind outside, but he wasn’t convinced. His home, his cold Cumbrian mansion, had always been a haven for those that lived, and for those that didn’t. Were the spirits of his kind lurking in the dusty estate rooms, to mock him, to mock his pain? It felt that way most days now. Each evening he went to the hillside meadow, listening through the trees, the rustling, waiting for Sek-met to descend upon him as she had with Lina. He was open to the intrusion. He welcomed it. Perchance she would punish him for his lack of order and send him to the Underworld ahead of schedule. Maybe then he would be with Isis. “My wife, my love, your body grows so chilled here in our tomb. I am not even allowed to touch your delicate fingers. I’m not allowed to steal a kiss of your once warm lips. Everyone thinks I will hang myself!” Even though he felt his suicide watch was absurd, he couldn’t bring himself to challenge his children. He was stronger than each of them, and they wouldn’t think twice about trying to use their numbers to overpower him. It would be for his own good, and so, Anchille let it be. “Ahkmenotep?” he called again, softer. “Are you here? Everyone is resting in their wings. Come out please. I need your council.” Anchille’s head snapped up when his friend came from the shadow he’d only just examined. He walked slowly to Anchille, who he knew was barely keeping his foothold in this world. Ahkmen had been listening to his masters cries each night. He’d followed him up the mountain, more to protect him from himself as everyone in the house was doing, but also out of loyalty, to Isis. Anchille would test the boundaries of Ahkmen’s power, to see if he could get close enough to the edge without coming outside it. Ahkmenotep would only watch and observe, always ready to pull his master back. They’d been together, he, Anchille, and Isis, for a very, very long time. They were connected, mind, body, and spirit. Ahkmenotep figured it was an institution he’d never escape from, and he didn’t care to. The king and queen were his family, Isis, his maker. He loved them. He loved Anchille so. Watching his suffering, was unbearable.
He put his hand atop Anchille’s head a moment, and the king grabbed hold of his whole arm, pulling him closer to embrace him. “You are lost my friend. The further you let your mind go, the harder it will be for us to bring you back. You must stop pushing the confines of my power Anchille. Sek-met will not come, and the line of protection only goes so far around the compound.”
Anchille hardened in Ahkmen’s arms. “I’ve become so disillusioned.”
“Trust in the process, trust that Nature must and will unfold as she sees fit.”
“I can’t!”
“You must! It isn’t only for you, and for Isis, but for all life, all beings. There is a plan set in motion, set at the moment of Lina’s birth. Ahmenos is not ashamed of you Anchille. No one could ever feel that way. You are our king. You are the hand that protects, that cares, that feeds. Don’t take your station so lightly, to think that we would fare better without you here! You are needed!” Ahkmenotep hated to see his friend so changed, so beaten. His gut burned to see the power loss in Anchille’s expression. The man was quickly becoming a shell of his former self. Hands that once held the world, now looked frail, aged. Shoulders that embraced immortal sovereignty with grace, with stride, had begun to wither, to decay. Anchille’s inner defeat was visually evident to Ahkmenotep, and he knew, the children could sense it too. What example was he showing his sons? What future was he delivering them to? “Anchille?”
“Hm?” He barely rose his head, like the thing weighed a ton. Ahkmenotep reached for his king’s long black hair, and then his stone chin. He lifted his glorious face so that their eyes would meet. Anchille’s were bleach white, as red tears streamed down his cheeks. He could see the queen’s soul inside Anchille. They were the lover twins, the symbol of unity, of duality. Over the years, what happened to one, happened to the other, but all that was about to change. Ahkmen was certain his friend would fight the shift inside himself. Anchille pulled his hand over his lips and looked into the fire, away from him.
He knelt beside Anchille. “So much power you have my friend, I can only imagine how suffocating it has been over the years.” The king didn’t look at Ahkmen but he was at least listening. “As Isis’ power fades, yours grows stronger now, and you can’t accept that, can you? You think because you have shared every other intimacy, every pain, every joy, that you should share in her death too, but that isn’t how the universe works. You must live Anchille!”
“When she does not!” Anchille replied angrily.
“And how do you think I will feel, when it’s your time? How do you think Ashmolean and Khan will feel? Humans do not get to choose death, and so we shall not either!”
“We’re immortal Ahkmen. Most of us have given our lives, our liberty, to the cause of the gods. It hasn’t been without real sacrifice. The least we could get out of the deal is the promise of eternity with those we love! We should be able to leave this forsaken place, if only to partake in the peace of the afterlife!”
Ahkmenotep reflected before speaking. Anchille was right. It was unfair. “The fairytales about us got it all wrong I guess.” Anchille didn’t care to smile, but Ahkmen felt the heat regardless. “I do believe they would trade their short eighty plus years, for a few thousand though. To them, it would feel like eternity. They could skip disease and enjoy a few hundred years more with their loved ones.”
“No amount of time would ever be enough for me Ahkmenotep. Isis and I, we could lay inside one another for millennia, unmoving, and it would still not be enough.”
“That is why humans’ lives here are so brief Anchille, because if they had to live with that kind of hunger on a day to day basis...it would crush them instantly, the moment of separation. Why else do you think so many of them have become so devout? It gives them a reason to hope, pure and simple. They thrust themselves headstrong into the knowledge that after death they are reunited, forgetting that each soul has its own journey, forgetting that it may take another thousand or more cycles to meet their love again. For them time is so literal. They misunderstand the circle and its power, its law. And that, that’s only the innocents, the pure ones. Look at how the savage of humans treat their home. You think its happenstance we all came to this one place, out of all the systems? It is the plan Anchille, the design, only they are so divided, with half of them placing such claims in the next world, and barely living in this one, and the other half building artifice, and all the while losing sight of their own mysticism. Earth isn’t the epicenter, it isn’t the totality of the Us. It is merely a base, a stopping point, a portal to the beyond. It is really vulgar, how that all has gotten distorted. I feel sorry for them, not just the humans but our kind as well, for their ignorance. I watch them sometimes, in hospitals, in cemeteries. I watch them struggle to figure out the why in it all, when that isn’t even the question they should be asking themselves. What they should ask is, what is their own journey? What are they here to learn, before they move to that next place? Most are incapable, most are consumed.”
“Humans do this Ahkmenotep, every day of their lives. You call them weak, but I only wonder, how do they stomach the loss? How do they make it to the next dawn, carrying this crippling ocean of hurt, of ache, of failure?”
“I didn’t say they were weak Anchille. They are miraculous. They are also, lost.”
Anchille wiped an eye. “Our miracles,” he finally laughed minimally. “So frail, so unaware of the world around them, and they still forge ahead. They fight Ahkmen. Humans fight with such vigor, such strength. Even when this small existence beats them down, takes everything they hold dear, they stand. I admire them, because they stand again.”
Ahkmen inhaled with his king’s breath and they clasped hands. “And so you must.”
Anchille wiped more tears that had fallen and shook his head that he agreed. “You’re right. My beloved Thoth. You’ve always been right, about all.”
“This I know.”
Anchille laughed. “How do you tolerate our stupidity, our ego?” 
Ahkmenotep stood then and forced Anchille to rise. He held him warmly. “I don’t care for television. You, your children, this, this is my entertainment! I’m a boring old man.”
“Very funny,” Anchille charged as the two friends embraced again. “Here, you are forty. That’s not old.”
“And beyond, I am as ancient as your queen. I am, decrepit!”
Anchille chuckled in Ahkmen’s hold. “Thank you.”
“Of course! Are your spirits lifted well enough to finish this nasty Herocles business?”
Anchille swallowed at the directness of his seer. He had so much on his own mind that he’d nearly forgotten why his house was being protected. “Why are we dealing with this again? Is there no way for us to summon the Ennead? Surely they are aware of Isis’ state? She is their sister, and they don’t come for her? They don’t make their presence known! Hero should have been stamped out in the beginning.”
“But he wasn’t, and there is reason for it.”
“Not good reason.”
“Could you kill your son?” Ahkmenotep asked him. Anchille glared into his friend’s earnest silver gaze. “Could you?”
“Comparing me to Atum is ridiculous! He is our God, true God Ahkmen!”
“And that makes him less a father?”
“No, but...”
“If it were so simple to kill Herocles, then Set, or Nephthys or any one of the Ennead would have done so already.”
“So what are we to do with him? Can he be killed? Do we even know?”
“Have you ever stopped to wonder why Atum came from darkness that night, to bring William and Jaime back to us, back to Lina?”
Anchille was brought up short. “What does that have to do, with this?”
“Much I believe.”
“And?”
“Had you ever seen Atum before that day? Real evidence of him I mean?”
“No one had.”
“We all knew the stories about the beginning of time, of creation. We all learned how he breathed life into his children and how they in turn did the same and so from darkness came the dawn, from breath came air, from dust came earth and so on.”
“Yes.”
“Then it all grew so large, much larger and chaotic than Atum anticipated. More children, meant more power, and more power meant more greed.”
“That’s true of any empire.”
“Yes, but we are not talking about Egypt, we are talking about the empire of the universe, the one to which all beings belong.”
“What are you saying?”
“I only prescribe to the peculiarity of Atum’s decision to abandon his far celestial exile and return here, and for what?”
“To resurrect the dead.”
“Precisely,” offered Ahkmen. “He has no control over his ability to rid the world of the evil he himself created by way of his offspring. He, like you, feels the strain of guilt, and so he watches his children, well, his child, Hero. He observes his malice, his contempt for man, for order. When opportunity knocked on his hidden door...”
“He responded,” finished Anchille.
“He did.”
“Out of shame?”
“Perhaps, or perhaps Atum has been given a vision, a deific glimpse into all our futures, for which the lives of the new kings needed to be spared.”
“But, they weren’t married yet. No one knew how that would all pan out, or if Lina would really take Will and Jaime as her kings.”
“He’s Atum, Anchille, the highest. I don’t make the mistake of assuming that he has sat in darkness, not paying close attention to his children.”
“He can’t dispose of the decay, but he can intermittently show up and heal.”
“He’s never shown himself to us before. He’s left us to battle on our own. He’s watched us lose and gain, and lose again. Atum decided, he chose to come here on that night,” Ahkmen pointed to the far off time. “To save those two boys.”
“What did he do it for?” queried Anchille.
Ahkmenotep took his arm. “For whom, may be the real question.”
At that moment, the parlor phone began to ring. Ahkmenotep didn’t rush to answer it, even though the hour was late, three thirty in the morning. It rang again. Anchille started for the study door but Ahkmen stopped him.
“I have to get that. It might be Will, or...Lina.” Anchille moved ahead despite his friend’s hold. “Let go!” he laughed, thinking Ahkmenotep was playing.
“Anchille, wait!”
Anchille didn’t listen, and half a second later he’d reached the parlor and took up the receiver.


31. A Tale for the King
“Lina?” Anchille called excitedly. He prayed in those seconds that it was his niece. He prayed he would have warm tidings for the coven, and for Constance and Ahmenos.
“No Anchille, I’m sorry.”
He stood near the arm of the lounge. As soon as he heard the female voice, his fingers began trembling. Ahkmenotep had followed him. He walked to the fireplace and lit his pipe. His expression was smooth but troubled. Before Anchille could press the phone away the voice spoke again.
“Anchille,” she said. “How are you?”
He gaped at Ahkmen at the marble fireplace, knowing he heard Helsha’s voice. Anchille waited for him to admit, he’d already known it was her calling, but Ahkmenotep was silent.
“Are you there?”
He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Yes, I’m here. Forgive me, I...”
Helsha gave a little laugh, soft as a child’s. “You didn’t expect to hear from me.”
“No.”
“I am sorry to alarm you.”
“I’m not so alarmed as I am concerned. The Oracles usually don’t entertain us, and if you do, it’s to signal...”
“We haven’t sounded the trumpets quite yet Anchille,” she assured him.
“No one has died?” he inquired, feeling sick in his soul to even have to ask. Lina and the boys were out there, facing their enemies head on. He was worried, for all of them. He hated that he was here behind the mansion walls, but he couldn’t leave his wife. He noticed Helsha negated to answer his question. This filled him with dread.
“Before we go any farther Anchille, I must know, is the compound sealed off, from threat?”
He took a swig of his wine. “It is.”
“You’re positive?”
Anchille glanced across the lounges to Ahkmen who’d finally sat down. He puffed curtly into the air. They were safe. Anchille answered, “We are confident.”
“Good, then I’d like to hang up with you now.”
“Excuse me?” he replied in confusion.
“Trust me Anchille. What I am about to share with you, you don’t want me saying over an unsecure line.”
“I don’t understand. Where are you?”
There was a lengthy pause as the wires crackled. Or was the extreme silence of the house and the fire the cause? “We are on the outside.”
His skin prickled. “We?”
“We are all here Anchille.”
“A moment please,” he said into the phone, then pulled it away from his ear. He whispered to Ahkmen. “Did you hear?”
He didn’t reply aloud, only nodded once, tightly. Ahkmenotep rose from his seat and motioned for the foyer. “I’ll let them in.”
“No!” Helsha yelled to Anchille.
“What?!”
“He mustn’t release the bond. It isn’t safe.”
“How do you propose to get in?”
She didn’t reply and so Anchille obeyed and put the receiver down. Ahkmenotep swiveled his drink in his hand before deciding he needed something much stronger than brandy. Anchille motioned for the bar opposite the piano.
“It must be big, if all three Oracles have come,” he muttered to himself as he waited for a drink. Ahkmenotep brought around two glasses of blood. They both downed them fast.
“Ahh, that’s better.”
“I could drink a barrel and still not feel myself,” Anchille admitted. “War is upon us and I haven’t bothered to care. What good am I to you all?”

“You’ve been pre-occupied Anchille, and that is understandable,” offered Helsha. Anchille and Ahkmenotep flew to their feet on guard. She stood in white glowing robes near the back of the parlor. It was the same portal which Agmenon had traveled through to visit Lina moons ago. Anchille hugged himself a bit and made his way to her a tad reluctantly. He’d never met the other Oracles, and in fact, up until this very moment, wondered if they really existed. The two at Helsha’s side were clad in robes of shimmery white as well, with goldenrod and vines tied at their waists. He held out his hand to embrace Helsha, but stayed clear of the others.
“You’ve come so far for us, you shouldn’t have,” Anchille told her. He could feel her sweet breath on his neck as she pulled back. Her blond hair was radiant as her Grecian attire, only her eyes, two dazzling pools of blue gave her color. Those and her small pink lips. Her party, even the man, shared her fair looks.
Helsha motioned for them to move in farther, and to, put the elders at ease. “I made a promise to my sons. It was only when I looked into the pools that I saw...they needed me much sooner than next Christmas.” She gathered her skirts and sat down in Ahkmen’s seat, so he, being a gentleman, took to Anchille’s right. She encouraged the other man and woman to join them, but they preferred to stand behind her. They were strange and quiet but Anchille didn’t want to judge. He knew they’d long served the immortals, in matters of life and death, in war, and at council. If they were reserved, maybe it was because like him, they’d seen more than they cared to speak on.
Ahkmenotep kept staring at them, at their oddity, their white skin, the nearly white hair. They were beautiful, he gave them that, but so peculiar in their demeanor. He couldn’t help but want to study them. “Drink anyone?” he asked, trying to be cordial. The man and woman looked to one another and then politely told him no. “Bottoms up!” he crowed, delivering his tumbler straight for his open gullet. Anchille could feel his poor friend shivering at his side.
Anchille gave a short choking sound and apologized to their guests on his seer’s behalf. “We are all trying to keep our spirits up. The times call for some measure of cheerfulness, if it’s all we’re to have in the here and now.”
“Anchille, there is no need for contrition. We are here for you, as we’ve always been. There is no judgment,” Helsha reminded kindly.
“Why are you here?” asked Ahkmen. “What I mean is...”
“I know what you mean,” she told him.
“Helsha?” broached Anchille, after sensing a tension between the Oracle and Ahkmen.
“I’ve been to see Lycion.”
It was hard to hear Helsha say the king’s name in such a fashion, as if he were some basic commoner she wasn’t married to. Everyone knew they hadn’t seen one another in hundreds of years, thousands even. She’d left him in Egypt and returned to Macedon. No one faulted the Oracles loyalty to her, but to leave the king, to leave her sons, it was unconscionable.
“How is the king?” asked Ahkmenotep. Anchille knew that he cared deeply for the man, and many shared his silent contempt for Lycion’s abandonment. His wife gone, his three sons sent to other countries, other duties, and all the man wolves of his court, dead or dispersed at the peak of the king’s demise. Currently he only had a few soldiers, and the prophets at his call. It was shameful how his family had disconnected. Lycion was the father of all, beneath Menaan and Agmenon. They were the descendants of Wepwawet. His station deserved the respect of old and Ahkmen couldn’t bring himself to even entertain what the kingdom of Asyut looked like these days. Helsha sat back against the cushion, watching him, sifting through his thoughts, his criticism of her behavior.
“I don’t disagree with you. I did leave Egypt, but the massacres you both lived to tell about, were nothing compared to the destruction we witnessed in the beginning and in the years that followed. Once a place of peace and tranquility, Lycopolis became a city embattled. So many lives lost, so much destruction. Ahkmenotep, I hear your words in my mind and I know what the covens must think. If you’d seen all those bodies. I had to console the mothers. I had to help them clean up the blood. I had to watch as countless tombs were built and I, along with the prophets, etched their names in the walls.” Helsha pulled anxiously at her dress. “Many of them hadn’t even shifted back before we tried to bury them. Mothers and fathers wept over their sons, stroked their silver coats. Some took their children’s fangs, and proceeded to wear them as totems around their necks.”
Anchille peered at Ahkmen, urging him to re-examine his view of Helsha. It was true. They knew nothing of the tomb of wolves, the open vaults filled with their mummified bodies, the shrines that were kept lit for them.
“You have our deepest sympathy Helsha, as do the families, and our great king, Lycion.” Anchille knew, it wouldn’t bring them any closer to peace, to be at odds with one another, especially when neither had the misfortune of walking in the other’s shoes. Whether it was those last battles which Agmenon and Hekate fought in, or it was Isis and Anchille in Achaia, men died. Their sons, their daughters died, and now was time for them to come together, to heal. Anchille encouraged Ahkmenotep to speak up.
“I shouldn’t have spoken out of turn. Please, forgive me also,” he told her. “Who are we to judge your house? Only you and the king know the truth. That should be good enough for us,” he choked a bit, “for me.”
“That is kind of you. I can imagine that Thomas has painted a soiled picture of me in these many years. All I can tell you is, I do love each of my sons. I love my husband too.”
Anchille nodded to her. “I presume that you’ve been keeping tabs on them in London?”
Helsha’s face contorted and she held her lip tight.
“Are they alright?” he asked, leaning up.
“For now,” she managed.
“Clearly you’ve the ability to render Ahkmenotep’s magic useless, so—”
“I wouldn’t say that. We used the portal.” 
Anchille struck a brow. The Oracles were strange. They’d always been strange and they didn’t follow the order of the immortals, not in any sense. Anchille found it amusing that he was irked by this. “In any case. You’re here now, so I’ll ask again, why have you come?”
Helsha turned over her shoulder, spoke privately to her party, and then turned back to Anchille and Ahkmen. Her companions joined her, each on one side as she began. “Anchille, we are at a pivotal crossroads.”
“A crossroads,” he repeated.
“Yes. Your coven is broken. It isn’t yours or Isis’ fault. It’s been divided since the early days of Agmenon. With the fulfillment of the prophecy, and Lina’s re-emergence into the world of man, we had hoped we were on the path of change, of enlightenment.”
“Aren’t we?” he asked, believing that despite Herocles’ return, they were on the right track.
“Change has begun, but it will take much more than the overturning of a few laws to propel us all into the future.”
“I’m sorry, is that your way of saying you feel our queen hasn’t done enough to execute reform, or am I missing the point entirely?”
“This is difficult,” said Helsha, lowering her hands to her lap. The woman next to her gave Helsha a prompting look.
“Whatever it is that’s brought you here, you can tell us,” offered Anchille.
“It will come as a shock.”
Anchille chuckled. “My wife, who I have loved for over two thousand years, lies in a sarcophagus as we speak. Her soul has set sail for the Underworld because she is too frail and feels she has become a burden to me, and a liability to the coven. She has forbidden me from following her, and insists that we will see one another again. My brother’s daughter, our queen, is with child and traipsing around the city of London looking for a sadistic killer who stalks her for some dread purpose not one of us can fully comprehend. We are locked behind these walls to protect what little peace we’ve found in our existence, yet our coven is divided. We are alone. Blood has been spilled on my doorstep more times than I can count, and you think you carry some news that aims to shock me further?”
“I will lay it out for you then,” said Helsha.
“I’m ready and waiting.”

“You and I both know that the resistance is real. Lina will now experience firsthand how our kind has fallen through the cracks. I shudder to think how the rogues will receive her, given they have lived off the grid for more than a thousand years.” Suddenly he felt very defensive of Lina, of her choices, of the headway he felt she’d made. He was proud of her accomplishments, but it seemed the Oracles had a different view.
“It’s not only the masses’ loyalty or lack thereof to the new queen that is at stake here Anchille.”
“I’m sorry, what are we talking about. I’m very consumed with matters here and abroad. My mind is swirling.”
Helsha glanced to Ahkmenotep, and the moment she did his body stiffened, like she’d just thrust an interrogation lamp in his face. “You haven’t told him,” she deduced. Her tone disappointed. Anchille sat forward, totally alert now.
“Told me what?”
“About Lina,” she started in slow, gathering her thoughts as she and Ahkmenotep stared at one another. Anchille observed their private exchange. He gave his friend’s dress shoe a tap.
“What about Lina? What haven’t you told me?!” Anchille shouted at him, knowing his friend was skilled, not only in spells, but at blocking.
“Anchille,” Ahkmen sighed, putting his forehead in his palm and burying his face.
“Anchille what? Huh?! What is it?!”
Helsha motioned for her male company, who pulled out a leather-bound booklet from his back. He handed it carefully to her. “Don’t be angry with Ahkmen, Anchille. I don’t believe anyone, could have shared this story with you, and even if they’d been able, would you believe them?”
Anchille pressed his own forehead with his fingertips, then brought his arms to his chest into his palms. He’d already been through so much this week, with Lina disappearing, and Isis going to the tombs. He wasn’t sure he could handle anymore. “Say it fast Helsha, please, whatever it is. I have to be ready to tell Ahmenos...if she’s going to die,” he whispered.
“No one said Lina was going to die,” Ahkmen told him reassuringly.
“Die? Who said she was going to die?” asked Helsha.
Anchille’s head snapped up. He ignored his friend and glared at their guests. “You are the Oracles. You have traveled here from Macedon. You carry this relic in your robes, you say the news is dire, that it involves my niece. What other summation can be concluded but that she, along with her un-born,” Anchille halted, his hand flying to his lips. “That they are in peril?”
Helsha took in his words. Then she scooted toward the table. She separated the candles in order to lay down the book. She looked to Anchille. “Can you read this? Do you know what this is?” she asked, pointing to markings of an ancient dialect etched on the black cover. It was an arrangement of symbols, far more complex than even the hieroglyphs of Egypt. This graphic had to pre-date any before the Common Era.
Anchille followed the position of her finger. He didn’t try to decipher it, tried to decode it, but, it wasn’t any form of language he’d ever seen. “I don’t know what that says.”
Helsha smiled. “It is the most ancient record we have in our possession. It pre-dates the Cenozoic, Anchille.”
“Really?” Anchille was intrigued. He looked closer, narrowing his eyes. “Careful we don’t cough, it might disintegrate!” The Oracles weren’t amused, and made a motion for the book as though they aimed to protect it from him. Anchille sat forward, putting his hand up in apology. “I am sorry. How is it you come by this?”
“Iaode.”
Anchille’s head popped up. “Iaode? Why would a prophet have something like this?” It should have been in a museum, behind ten pounds of bullet proof glass, and frequently treated with preserving chemicals.
“Iaode had a hand in writing it.”
“Come again.”
“It’s true.”
“Interesting, how is that even possible, since the prophets are only slightly older than Isis?”
“You know as well as I do, immortals do not track their earthly age in the same manner as in the worlds beyond.”
Anchille closed his eyes and waved her down. “I see, I see, yes, forgive me. Iaode apparently is more a dinosaur than Thoth here,” he agreed, giving Ahkmen a jab. “What is it?”
“The Book of Gates.”
He immediately laughed. “This is not.”
“How do you know, have you seen it before?” she asked.
“I have, on countless tombs walls and also buried with our beloved in their sarcophagi, and so I tell you, this, whatever this is, is not the Book of Gates. Need I remind you those words for the dead were scratched into tomb walls well after our dear Isis’ reign in Achaia. You do the math Helsha.” Any transcriptions onto paper from their reign, through the dynasties, and into modern times, were scribbled by European scholars into pamphlets, and sit in museums. “No hardcover, like this, was ever produced, in Egypt!” He was frustrated and could hardly contain himself. “Why may I ask, are we even talking about the funerary text!”
Helsha observed him, then she pointed to the black book again. “Open to the first inscription.”
“I can’t read it but alright.” Anchille huffed and slid a finger around the edge of the binding to the front matter. It was blank. He flipped a few more pages, shaking his head. “What kind of trickery is this, there’s nothing here.”
“That is because you are not looking at a funerary text Anchille. You are not looking at anything that has sat in a museum archive, or even the great halls of our kings, that is true. The contents of this were originally dictated, to Atum, and from Atum to Iaode. When this was written, you, and Isis, and you,” she motioned for Ahkmenotep, “were not even thought of yet.”
“If you’re not proposing this as a piece of our history—”
“Oh, it’s your history. It’s all our history.”
“All, as in immortals?”
“All as in us, mortals, demi gods, beasts, everyone and everything.”
“I see, so it’s the Bible now.”
Helsha’s brow furrowed. “Not the Bible, but an outline for our salvation yes.”
Anchille grimaced. “There’s nothing on the pages.”

She smiled. “That’s because, She’s planning to re-write history.”
“She?”
“Lina.”
Anchille sat the book down. He clasped his hands to his lips, trying very hard to stay composed. “How does she propose to do that? She’s nineteen years old. She is a child.”
“Lina is your queen Anchille.”
“Queen perhaps, but a child nonetheless and certainly incapable of deciphering this perplexing codex.” He couldn’t decide if he was lashing out because his ego had been bruised, or if he knew deep down what Helsha was getting at and he couldn’t fathom the notion.
“God, can do as she pleases Anchille,” said Helsha, her tone flat.
“There it is!” he shouted, then roared with laughter.


32. Eyes Wide Open
Ahkmenotep remained very quiet at Anchille’s side, trading awkward glances with Helsha.
“Who put you up to this? Was it you?!” Anchille hit Ahkmen. “Is this because I’ve been so down.” He kept laughing as he walked to the bar. He poured a wine goblet full of another bag of blood. He didn’t bother sharing and drank it down sloppily. The nourishment enlivened his dark features but it only served to make him appear more deadly. Ahkmen inched toward Helsha.
“He doesn’t believe you,” he told her. Then Anchille, clad in black, whirled on him like a panther from clear across the room. His sterling eyes enraged, his long canines bared in anger. They were momentarily stained red.
“That’s right! I don’t believe you! You’re all insane!”
“Calm yourself Anchille! Let go of me!” They struggled until Helsha was between them, prying Anchille’s long fingers from the collar of Ahkmenotep’s dress shirt. Once they were separated, with a space on the sofa the size of a continent, she returned to her place.
“Why is this difficult to accept Anchille?”
“Where should I start?” he snapped, while running both hands through his hair. Anchille leaned back on the couch, crossed his ankle over his knee and clasped his hands behind his head.
Ahkmenotep still rested his elbow over the arm of the couch, balancing his forehead in his hand. Anchille was glaring at him. He could sense it all over the left half of his face, but he couldn’t bring himself to look at him directly.
“Now you’ve nothing to say?!” Anchille cut.
“I didn’t accept it either, when I heard it from Eurelios’ lips.”
“You heard this tale from Eurelios?”
“I did.”
Anchille clicked his tongue in frustration. “How do they know? And where is Atum left in all this?!”
“Anchille?” said Helsha. She was trying to soothe him, to gently guide him around.
He became white as a sheet. “No,” he cried. “No! She couldn’t be. She can’t.”
“She can. She is,” shrugged Ahkmen.
“How long have you known?” Anchille asked him shrewdly.
“Soon after Atum revived William, and Jaime.”
Anchille was further stunned. “You are my council, my friend! You didn’t think it pertinent I should know something of this magnitude!” Anchille shot to his feet and began pacing. His hands were still lodged in his black hair like he would pull it all out, all twenty plus inches of it. He finally rest them over his heart, and gripped his silver chains. He couldn’t get Isis out of his head, especially now.
“It isn’t something anyone should know, not even us,” offered Ahkmenotep.
“I am her uncle!”
Helsha smiled patiently. She wanted to choose her next words prudently without offending him. “It feels that way, but actually, it’s impossible for that to be true, at least, not in the way you think.”
He glared at her, and to her mute cohorts. Suddenly their reserve enraged him. “Ahmenos is my brother, and he is her father. I’m no geneticist but I do believe our bloodline is one in the same!”
“It’s actually molecular biology Anchille,” Ahkmen interjected. Anchille growled at him.
“Anchille,” Helsha said softly. “She would have come here either way. She chose you. She chose, all of you. She is the one solely responsible for the life you lead. Your immortal life and existence is because of her.”
“Sek-met is responsible for Blood Gods Helsha, just like Wepwawet is responsible for Agmenon’s line of wolves.”
“True but by Lina’s calling Anchille...by God’s true calling.”
He gripped his face with his fingers, pulling on his brown granite-like skin. “Why?” he asked exhaustively.
Helsha shrugged helplessly. “God gave Atum many gifts. She allowed him his own progeny.”
“The Ennead, yes, I know, the night and day, the soil and the sun, and the way of our kind.”
“God made all this,” she glanced around, “everything that you see, hear, feel, taste and touch, it’s all part of her design. She gave the celestials a voice, a means to protect the universe. What she didn’t give them, was free will. That she left to man.”
“And what, the OverGods abused her gift by making us, is that it?”
“Oh Anchille that is really only the tip of the iceberg.”
“She made us all, machined us of her own image, if she is in fact God, and then took from us the very basic need and desire. She took away or simply never doled out our freedom, why?” he asked. “Is it all a game?”
“No Anchille, it isn’t game, not for her. Every choice she’s made since the beginning, since putting Atum in place, and sitting by as the world unfolded, has been with great purpose. True, life was at first an experiment, but what has manifested is so much more than perhaps even she anticipated.”
“Why is she here now, in human, or rather immortal form? What was the point for her to masquerade as one of us for so long? Cripes Helsha, she’s been in soul form since the days of Agmenon. She was in Hekate’s womb seven thousand years ago!”
“She was. That was her first step toward re-unification. It was the beginning of her crusade to right the past, and to restore the balance of our world.”
“And the Book of Gates, how does that play in, since we know it has nothing to do with guiding us in the afterlife?”
“Who says this one doesn’t? This is God’s word, her diary of sorts.”
“A diary she keeps erasing, changing! Why parade around the Book of Gates as a guide to the afterlife, when it really contained God’s true legacy?”
“Because God’s legacy is our guide to the place beyond. The passages you’re referring to which are etched into the tombs, and also bound in print sitting in museums and on scholars shelves, do not contain her real thoughts, but this one,” she motioned, “this one does.”
“Why?”
“If you wanted to keep hold to the ultimate secret of the universe, wouldn’t it be clever to do so, in plain sight? What would happen if you gently influenced the world, through signs, signs which humans would then follow, would make doctrine, but all the while you held the truth? A truth, that would only be revealed when your posterity was ready, was willing to accept.”
“Ohh,” Anchille stammered. “The guidebook through the Underworld, the gates in which we pass, and which lead us to our serenity. She influenced us to write her thoughts, and we did, never knowing that Iaode, millions of years prior, had transcribed all. They are one in the same only this, this is un-touched, un-influenced by man, his priests or shamans. It’s her truest thoughts and directives?”
“It is, or was until she chose to manifest in human form.
“I’m starting to follow you,” said Anchille.
“This book has been in the prophets’ care, locked away for eons, untouched. According to Iaode, it was once full, full of every thought, every dream, every whim she’d ever entertained or fulfilled. Years later Atum came back to Iaode. He told the prophet that his son, his first child, would one day seek to destroy everything that she had built. He told him to listen, to observe, and that many would suffer. That was the last that any of the immortals laid eyes on Atum. He left the book in their care, told them to keep it secret and keep it safe, that one day they would need to show it to a select group. He went into darkness soon after. He only resurfaced this past year, when he saved my son William, and Jaime, from his own child—”
“Herocles,” Anchille interrupted. “That’s why she’s come to us, isn’t, to stop him. That’s the connection, that’s been it all along,” Anchille said, finally understanding. “Huh,” Anchille huffed. “So, we have in our possession, God’s Book of Gates, which tells our entire history, from the beginning of time, or at least, it used to,” he said brashly. Ahkmenotep cringed at Anchille’s tone.
“It’s more than a history book, Anchille. It cites her journey, or it will, when she’s completed it.”
“Her journey, I thought it was our journey to reach God?”
“When God manifested in human form, or rather as the soul inside Hekate, a chain of events would soon unfold, first, the bringing about of a prophecy. The prophecy of a child who would bring the immortals their salvation. She would release them from their shackles, shackles which their OverGods placed them in out of greed, out of shear bloodlust.”
“Sek-met, and Wepwawet, and the constant battle for dominion in Egypt.”
“It’s been a long war Anchille, wouldn’t you agree. Agmenon and Hekate suffered needlessly, as did Isis and her followers, not to mention ages upon ages of turmoil between the covens. Before Lina arrived here the divide had gotten so bad that we truly feared all-out war on all of earth’s soil. So many of your kind have dispersed along the continents, and it is a delicate thread we’ve clung to, in order to keep peace.”
“Is she hear to punish, is that what this is? Haven’t the OverGods made amends by now? I can attest to countless instances where they showed mercy.”
“Really? When?” asked Helsha.
“They didn’t follow through with killing Agmenon and Hekate.”
“After first making them creatures of blood, then punishing their likely desire, how noble. Go on.”
Anchille exhaled. “Isis was gifted with children. That was Sek-met’s doing.”
“Her guilt. That’s not contrition for the crimes of blood.”
“We all, each of us, has duality in our veins Helsha. We are all good as well as evil.”
She smiled. “You are one of the innocents Anchille, as is Ahmenos, which is why she chose you.”
“What about Sek-met and Wepwawet assisting Lina at her ascension.”
“You forget already who Lina is. They didn’t come to her of their own mission. She summoned them. It was her way of letting them know, she had arrived, in full physical form.”
“This is unbelievable,” said Anchille. “I wish to hear this from Iaode. I want to know what he knows.”
“All I can tell you is that he wrote of the time when she would begin her ascent, through the nine gates.”
“Nine? There are supposed to be twelve in total.”
“This isn’t a rendition Anchille. This was directly dictated from God through her vessel Atum, to the prophet. This is the original, unedited word of our Source. She writes of the nine passages, which all souls will make, and which hold the keys to the universe, to the place beyond. For each of us it is a different journey, and Lina has been on hers since her time in Egypt.”
“The place beyond, you mean Aaru I assume?”
“Aaru, Heaven, Paradiso, Paj, the Summerlands, it makes no difference what we call that place Anchille. What matters is that she has an outline for how we all will get there.”
“Nine gates, and nine gods of the Ennead,” he speculated more to himself. Helsha watched him, silently concurring that he was getting on the right track. He hated every minute of this revelation and didn’t want to accept it. “Why are you telling me this?”
“Anchille, we need for you to believe. We need you to believe because she needs your help.”
“Let me guess,” he said, glowering at Ahkmenotep. “She has forgotten herself in this world, right? She’s deviated from her quest and is now lost?”
“Anchille please,” begged Ahkmen.
“And you, Thoth.” Anchille stomped back and forth. “In Her image you were made, Isis as well, and still, still God doesn’t know you?!”
“She’s fallen, much like the children before her, and now she’s lost.”
“How can this be?”
“When Herocles declared to Atum that all would end in chaos, she set a new course, and that plan included her own role. She decided not to sit idly by while others fought on her behalf and in her name. She would meet him on his own ground, she would become mortal in order to become earthbound immortal, and when that was set in motion, she would defeat him. She would do it, but she would succeed with balance, not force.”
“She could have struck him down, then!” he said angrily.
“Despite what many think, God doesn’t indiscriminately kill. That business is left to the real monsters of this world, and to forces of Nature beyond anyone’s control, even hers. Hero is her child Anchille. We cannot forget that even though Atum was made in her image, as you stated, made god-like, made powerful with the ability and discretion to create, that Hero is still hers. She breathed life into that creature, made him the highest celestial being in her order, and he spat on her gift. He has fallen below her expectation. He’s broken her heart. She must and will put him down, but it will not be without sacrifice, without balance. Don’t you see why it is so important that we help her to remember herself? Right now she thinks of Hero as Atum’s son, the darkness that must be stamped out. She believes in the prophecy that she, as your tri-hybrid immortal queen, will defeat him and his demons, but she can’t simply destroy him, not without killing many at the same time. She must do it with truth and with balance. Do you understand?”
“No.”
“Evil doesn’t die by the blade of a sword Anchille. She can’t use her immortal power to drain him. He will only manifest in another form.”
“Convenient,” Anchille snarled.
“For every one life spared, so shall be one taken away.”
“What’s that mean?”
“Lina, in her lost state, saved Herocles’ twice Anchille, once in the beginning, when instead of destroying him she allowed the Ennead to lock him away in Necros, and then, when he had her imprisoned there with him, she spared him again. She allowed Set to take him away, alive. Before she can bring him to judgment and end the suffering, she will suffer. She will have to make a double sacrifice. Do you understand me?”
“Double,” Anchille repeated. For a moment he sat quietly, reflecting. Ahkmen raised his head, turning to look at his dear friend, knowing he had figured it out. Anchille swallowed and looked positively ill. His silver eyes turned flat as the grey sky. “Not those babies,” he choked. “You can’t be serious.” Helsha and Ahkmenotep only lowered their heads. “No!”


33. Her Plan
“It is her design Anchille. It is what was relayed to Iaode.”
“It’s not written! Look! The pages are blank. You said yourself, she’s re-writing history! Maybe she’s figured out another way.” Anchille prayed that was true.
“Only time will tell,” said Helsha.
“To kill her unborn children!” Anchille buried his face.
“God works mysteriously.”
Anchille’s head snapped up. He dropped his fangs. “Is that supposed to be amusing?”
“No, only truthful.”
“Lina, our Lina, would not submit to sacrificing her children, not even if it meant saving the rest of us.”
“Lina is not God’s host, but a manifestation of God’s choosing. She is God. She’s God’s conscience here on earth. She’s God’s vessel. She is acting dually as God’s intent, but along the way she became God’s desire.”
Anchille stared at Helsha. “You mean to suggest God—”
“It wasn’t a mistake, Lina loving William or Jaime,” she interrupted when it was clear he understood. “It has complicated the situation, made it, unclear.”
“Those babies she’s carrying inside her, they aren’t mistakes either!” he said defiantly. Helsha nodded that she agreed with all her heart. He could see plainly the devastation she already felt. They were her grandchildren. Ultimately, it was beyond any of their control. It quite literally was in God’s hands.
“I shudder to think of it. Does Herocles know, who Lina really is?”
Helsha hesitated. “Hero’s not certain of anything at this stage, not even himself. He’s afraid, and so he’s acting out. He’s always sensed what he perceives as weakness in his father Atum, but it won’t be long before he realizes why he has always felt that way.”
“Because he’ll find out that she is the source, the real power.”
“And when she awakens to her nature, and she will, all will unfold.”
“Are you hoping for a miracle?”
“As Oracles, we watch in the pools, we always see a ways into the future, and for a long time that served as a comfort, even in the face of adversity.”
“And now?”
Helsha bit her lip. Her pale blue eyes nearly turned red with heartache. Her male companion began to shift in his seat, as though her discomforts were also his. “Before we came to you we consulted the pools again. We saw absolutely nothing.” The fair haired woman took Helsha’s hand in hers.
“Herocles is in for a rude awakening.”
Helsha perked a small measure. “He already felt it once in her presence. It’s why he wanted Lina so badly, why he wanted to control her, to harbor her in Necros. He separated her from her own twin soul Ahmose-set, which of course was God, without knowing the real damage the act could cause. He prayed on her, the moment he saw that she’d fallen. It was the paradox between them, the shared failure. He is riding high off it, taking pleasure in watching her fumble around earth. He felt the insurmountable energy running inside her, he just can’t explain it. He won’t let go Anchille. He won’t give up, not until her body gives out, and he has taken her over completely.”
“What do we do now, wait till they both figure it out and then pursue trying to destroy one another? It seems irrational, doesn’t it? Shouldn’t we lift the spell over this house, release the covens to go after them? There has to be a way for us to kill him, without harming her.”
“Hero is counting on your doing exactly that Anchille, which is why you mustn’t. The moment you let down your guard over this house, he’ll release the Shayateen upon you in the thousands. What coven members you have here, will be obliterated.”
“What do we do?”
“We wait.”
It seemed ludicrous to Anchille, but he felt certain the Oracles, and the prophets, who he regarded in the highest, wouldn’t lie to him. If they said it was true, than it was. Lina may be their true God, but she was a child to him still. He couldn’t help but mourn the devastating loss which would soon occur. Like her ascension from mortal to immortal, they would lose her all over again, only this time it would be a permanent separation. Not only that, but she was about to suffer an even greater loss, and it would be so profound that he doubted she would ever fully recover. He wanted to help her, no matter how powerful, or how infinite she could become. The fact of the matter was that she’d made herself human, made herself vulnerable, and whether or not she had the ability to lift herself from this world, back into that realm of peace and perfection, remained to be seen. She’d set this plan in motion eons prior, and she didn’t know, didn’t have a clue, didn’t remember. He wondered how long it might take her. He wondered about the babies inside her. He wondered if they even existed in this reality, or if it was only her human soul, her sympathy for mankind, yearning for it, yearning to bring order. If they didn’t really exist, at least not in an earthbound sense, would the loss be that shattering to her, and to them? Anchille inhaled sharply. His chest was hurting even to think of it. Death was death, no matter how they looked at it. It was going to stab each and every one of them, personally.
“William and Jaime will be irrevocably broken from this. It will shatter them.” Anchille held his arms tightly over his chest, feeling with every nerve and vessel in his body, the torment of their coming anguish. Ahkmen was careful with his thoughts, knowing he’d already given the men indication that they might not survive. He hadn’t said in so many words to Will but the obscure image of his vision had been planted in their minds.
Helsha nodded that she understood the fallout. Even if good triumphed over evil, and the race of man continued to exist with immortals at their side, it meant boundless loss for the covens, greater than any of them could fully grasp. “My heart already aches for my son, for Isis, and for all who have grown to love Lina. Many will not understand.”
“William, Jaime, and our dear Lina are about to be thrust into another spinning vortex,” said Anchille.
“They are, and it’s up to us to see that the net is in place to catch their fall, because Anchille, Ahkmenotep,” she gripped them both in her hands, “they will invariably fall, each in their own way.”
“She’s left us no clues in this book. How can we anticipate her next move, if she’s constantly erasing!” Ahkmen snatched the Book of Gates from the table and paged rapidly.
“Isis knew,” said Helsha, “Anchille, she’s always known. She’s gone to ground ahead of schedule, to throw herself on God’s mercy. If she joins Nephthy’s now without a fight, and others follow her lead, God may be able to harness the light and use it against Hero. He’s growing stronger, right now as we speak. He’s devouring soul after soul, and on top of that he’s marking immortals for his own army. He’ll have those devils of the deep at his side, and the backing of endless Blood and Wolf gods at his call when she comes. They won’t have a choice once he possesses them. He knows that if he brings enough anarchy to the world and the balance shifts further, it will place him in power, and his brothers and sisters, his father Atum, will be completely at his feet for the taking. Don’t think he wasn’t watching all this unfold even from his prison. He’s watched the immortals battle one another. He has slowly fed on the rage, on the dominance, on the blind.”
“Helsha please,” said Anchille. “We can’t sit here and wait for death. I won’t do that! I won’t allow my wife’s sacrifices to have all been in vain! Isis belongs here, with me, with her sons, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to let a vile demon lord destroy everything that we’ve built, so please! Tell me what I can do?”
“You could try to find her, to tell her Anchille, but, if it were you, would you believe?”
He thought about that a moment, and without hesitating he said, “No.”
Helsha gave him a small nod.
“But I’ll go to her anyway.”
She looked up at him in surprise. “Good,” was all she said. Anchille thought Helsha would take the book back with her, but she didn’t. She handed it carefully to him, allowing her thumb to graze his finger. Helsha would give him any strength she could, and would continue to send it out into the universe for all of them. “I have no words for you, but we will be watching. If there is anything we can do.”
“We understand.”
Helsha smiled partially while taking Anchille’s cheek in her palm. “Her speed,” she said, and then she and the other Oracles walked to the glowing portal. They disappeared, leaving Anchille and Ahkmenotep staring in the face of Isis. The room was freezing. Anchille handed the book to Ahkmen who placed it under his arm.
“No time like the present,” he said, tucking his lip and giving a little shrug.
“I don’t know whether to wake my wife, or let her scheme play out.”
Ahkmen stared at Anchille. His sterling gaze brightened, nearly matching the swatch of grey in his thick hair. “Over five thousand years I’ve been with your queen. When she sets her mind to a course, it isn’t with a faint heart.”
Anchille grinned at that. It was true. Isis was not a rash being. That certainty was exactly the nudge he needed.
“Let’s go.”


34. Lost then Found
Lina glanced around to the empty flat they’d been lucky enough to run into after the massacre at council headquarters. It was mostly bare, with the exception of a few raggedy pieces of furniture, some spare articles of clothing in a few musty boxes, and a few left behind kitchen utensils. It seemed abandoned enough, until Lina opened a closet which had expensive jackets and sporting equipment. No one would leave those things behind. She looked around at all the men who’d flopped here or there in order to nurse their wounds and rest. It wasn’t a palace, but, the ceilings were high, and the air was clean coming in from the many windows. At least it didn’t feel claustrophobic. She sat down on a bare mattress.
“Here, drink.” McNair’s beefy hands, face, and most of his clothing were covered in soot, day’s old crusted blood. Lina had to resign herself to not vomiting for the zillionth time. She winced at the Styrofoam cup he was offering her too, because she could smell the stench beneath his fingernails. “You aren’t well,” he reminded. His ocher lenses were so sincere and she reached up to touch the deep lines of his face. They were most pronounced around his eyes, and his mouth, carving out little rivers, all the memories he carried, and where he’d been. His lip twitched at her touch and she saw his jaw flex. Lina pulled her hand away.
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be,” he told her. “It’s been a very long time since a woman has touched me that way.”
Her chest heaved a little and he noticed. “Why haven’t you found someone McNair, a mate?”
He chuckled and scratched his growing black beard, then looked at the nails she’d already assessed in disgust. It wasn’t his fault. They’d all battled those demons. She didn’t have a mirror but from the grime on her own hands and face, and the straggling hair in her eyes, she knew she didn’t look much better. “Never happened for me is all.”
You’ll never find one either, if you stay close to me, she sent to him sadly. Her life was perpetually tied to danger and he would most likely end up dead if he stuck by her side. Her lip quivered and before she knew it McNair was holding her cheek in his hand. When she startled he peered at the other men who haphazardly tried to look away. Someone dropped a glass and it shattered all over the floor.
“Whoopsy!”
“Eh idgit, get outta here!” Cal roared at the man.
“Shut it!”
“Ah, yi’ll ruin me food!”
“Tastes like dog’s droppins anyway!”
“Eh?”
“You heard me!”
“More for us boys! Roman’s not eatin.” Cal waved a white spatula in the man’s face. He was two feet shorter, but didn’t seem at all phased by that or Cal’s starvation threats.
McNair growled. “Enough!” 
The men piped down, but covert taunting continued. McNair inhaled in exasperation.
“I feel like a bloody single parent,” he grumbled. “A mate’s not been my focus.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Comes with the title.”
“You should make finding someone, your new focus,” she suggested.
McNair’s muscles contracted and he glanced at her body. He was quick to direct his attention over her head, to the outside, to those pigeons, to anyplace that wasn’t her chest. She knew he hadn’t done it on purpose, nor had he done it to make her uncomfortable. He was a wolf. It was nothing more than a carnal need, like food, and air. McNair’s lifestyle was anything but normal. He lived, breathed, and reared boys all day, every day. Lina swallowed back the lump in her throat. She knew Collin was listening. She knew they were all listening and she wanted to run from the room screaming. In the wild this would have been the time when the alpha male took the female for his own. Lina couldn’t give McNair the affection he was seeking, pack leader or not. She was pregnant. She was taken! He knew that. She suddenly regretted the position she’d put herself in. It was or could become, extremely dangerous. It wasn’t that she was afraid of him or any of them, or that they would even attempt to hurt her, on the contrary, in these last thirty-some hours she’d grown very fond of them. They were tried and true soldiers, even if they didn’t carry the title or the weight of her name in their hearts. She shouldn’t be with them, because they deserved to live free, to mate, and to bring their own sons and daughters into the world. They didn’t need to be drug into another war, and certainly not on her behalf.
“McNair, I, I don’t know what you want me to say,” she whispered.
He watched the pain in her eyes, the apology that threatened to follow. It took him a moment to gather himself, and to take the rejection in stride. She was marked, mated, and it was a done deal. He couldn’t challenge Will and Jaime, and even if he did somehow win, which she didn’t believe was possible, McNair knew with one glance, her heart belonged to them. It always had, and always would. He was just lonely. He was tired of running. Lina realized that more than wanting her, he really only wanted a place to call home. He needed for someone to care for him for a change. They smiled to one another and he simply took up her hands in his and kissed them. Then he stood. He pointed to the cup, “Drink that now. You need your strength.” Lina exhaled when he walked away. Her chest decompressed like an anvil was sitting on it. She felt the ring of tears in her eyes and turned from her audience to wipe them away. McNair spoke jovially to his men. He was pretending to be the ever-optimistic leader, and that was exactly what they all needed right now. Or maybe he just had to save face, who knew. Lina felt so awful, so guilty, not only for rejecting McNair’s proposal, but for dragging him and his men through the trenches with her. They should have stayed in the lower city. They would have been safe there.
Her stomach was in knots, worse than she’d ever felt in her whole life. Her babies weren’t moving again either. It was making her feel effing crazy, like her grip on reality checked out weeks before. Sully grinned at her from his own abandoned mattress. She tried to reciprocate but her lips couldn’t make it much higher than an inch, a lousy half-hearted attempt. He frowned and drew his eyes back down to his plate. Some men were perched near the windows, staring dejectedly out at the pre-dawn sky. They nursed their own wounds and tried not to stare at Lina, which she appreciated. Collin and Cal were still in the meager kitchen, using the stay-behind spoons and spatulas and a junky pan to cook up the rest of whatever they’d confiscated from the market down the street. These boys were hungry she thought to herself. They all needed way more than a few eggs and some juice. What had she gotten them into? 
An hour later Lina observed the v-shaped slant of the glass panes. She had to douse her eyes from the creeping dawn. The view was less than spectacular: a swarm of pigeons huddling noisily on the outer roof, and beyond, another depressed brick building. The bland skyline would not inspire her at all. She missed the sun. She missed warmth. And then, she felt a throb deep inside her, a yearning she’d almost forgotten.
Will. The moment she thought of him, said his name in her mind, she had the most awful feeling inside. She gave a little shiver, deciding it was longing for him and Jaime, nothing more.
Lina sipped. She closed her eyes as her lips and tongue took in the blood and her mind drifted to the last image she had of Jaime. His earnest blue eyes, loving and true. She wished that for one second, only one, she could hold him in her arms, both of them. It wasn’t much too ask, was it? She didn’t even have to keep them. If she succeeded in destroying Herocles, she could let Will and Jaime go, if she had to. To know that they were alive, and safe, and caring for her sons, that was all that mattered to Lina. The hurt inside that she felt, the longing she had to be with her mates, to kiss them, she could barely stand it anymore. How long could she keep up appearances? How long could she keep acting like their separation didn’t matter to her? Lina licked her lips and downed the last of the blood. Collin was there before she could request another. He nudged her dotingly. She needed to re-charge, having taken on most of the mob herself.
“The boys are fine. They know you need it more.”
“We’re low, aren’t we?”
“Don’t you worry bout that. I’ve got my ways.”
“Collin, patron saint of breaking and entering blood banks,” she teased.
“Hey.”
“Thank you,” she told him, her voice skeletal. His hair pricked. He poured her another bag then sat down beside her, cross-legged. He pulled a piece of bacon to his mouth and balanced it with his cute imperfect teeth. He had the most child-like grin, and Lina began to weep.
“Oh no! Eh! None of that now,” he said, grabbing her head and holding it in his arms. “It’s alright, isn’t there? We’re all safe. No harm done.”
Lina sniveled and half choked on her own coppery spit. “It isn’t that,” she cried, wiping her eyes on her sleeve. Collin reached for her jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders. He called over to Sully. “Bring that blanket!”
“I’m okay,” she told him.
“No you’re not. Your skin is like ice.” He rubbed her arms hard over the cover.
“I was thinking of home.” Lina pictured Khan, on the last bright and sunny morning when they’d all been together. She missed them all, so much.
“The coven?”
“Yeah.”
“You’ll see em again.”
“Right,” she said.
“We’re good company too?”
Lina smiled and leaned into him playfully. Her cell phone dropped from her jacket to the floor with a thud. Collin reached it before she did and handed it back to her. Lina looked at the little black rectangle and frowned.
“Call em,” suggested Collin. Lina looked at him with excitement at first, until reality set in.
“I can’t,” she said, shoving it back deep in her pocket.
“Sure they’d appreciate knowing, you’re safe here with us.”
“That’s the problem. They’re safer, not knowing where I am.”
“That can’t be true,” he argued.
“It is.”
Collin reached across her chest, took out her phone, and opened the text pad. “One little message, can’t hurt.” She blinked at him and he ticked her nose. Then he walked away to give her privacy. Lina stared at the tiny keypad. She pressed the x button for ten seconds and her finger was shaking so bad. I can’t, she thought. Lina took a deep breath and hit the delete button. A minute later she was staring at the sleeping screen. She gave it a swipe.
I’m sorry, she typed. This time she didn’t delete it. She hit send. Lina held her phone in her hand, so tightly it actually cracked and she had to take it up and examine if her grip had damaged it. Sure enough the screen slivered like a barren tree top.
“Ahh!” As she was trying to fix it, the thing buzzed in her palm. Lina dropped it and her heart followed. Collin stopped scraping the pan. Lina peered over her shoulder and he gave her a nod to read the reply. She picked up her phone and pressed messages.
Is this really you? It said. Seeing Jaime’s name made her throat pinch.
Lina smiled through tears, nodding yes even though Jaime couldn’t see her. Yes, it’s me. Promise, no one stole my phone, but I just busted it. :-(
She actually laughed when her phone buzzed again.
That sucks babe. I miss you so much! Where are you?!
She wasn’t sure if she should tell him. The whole point of her leaving was to keep them safe. If she allowed them to come to her, she would only be putting them under Herocles’ scope again. How many immortals had to die for her to win this scrimmage? No, she wouldn’t do that!
I can’t tell you.
Don’t be stupid Lina! This has gone far enough. We’re in London? Are you?
She stared at his words in horror. Then her nails flashed over the keys.
Why would you do that?!
You need to ask? He sent.
Who came?
Thomas, and Charles, and...Will.
Jaime, you shouldn’t be here!
She waited another second before he responded. She was afraid to read it.
Come on Li-li, tell me.
Lina was still hesitating when Collin came up to her. She handed him the phone as she struggled to stand. “What do I do?”
Collin read the messages from Jaime. “Aww, can I call you Li-li too?”
“No!” she yelled, snatching her phone back. Collin pouted. “Ugh, I don’t care, help me with this!”
“They’re already here. Do you really want them out there alone? At least with us, together, we’re stronger.”
She thought about that. “I never meant for them to follow me.”
“We rarely ever do,” he replied matter-of-factly. Lina slumped in defeat. “62 Wardour. It’s the flat above the Greek restaurant. They’ll be able to smell us, even with the smoking lamb.” He gave her a brief wink and walked back to McNair and the other men. She knew as soon as she gave him the green light he would inform the pack they would soon have visitors. Lina deliberated, then made the call.


35. Tension
Lina walked across the apartment. There was one long sectional, a rickety wooden table with a glass top, and stacked paintings covered in plastic in the far corner, propped against a whitewashed brick wall. She felt the packs eyes on her and so the last few steps she took in one long stride, a leap really.
In the bathroom she scrambled to the bottom of her bag for anything she could use to make herself presentable. Pretty much everything she owned of a cosmetic nature was left at the mansion. She didn’t even have perfume, which would have been great, since she smelled of demon stink and wet dog hair.
“Ugh!” Lina grumbled, looking around for any leftover soap, even a scrap. She peeled back the shower curtain. “Yuck.” It was filthy. She ignored the film around the tub and found a bar of soap. “This garbage ought to dry the crap out of my skin. Yay.” She washed her face, neck, and arms as quickly as she could. Thank goodness the rest of her was still clean, but she knew she could use a fresh pair of clothes. She pulled out a tube of mascara, pink lip-gloss, a half empty duo blush compact, and her brush and rubber band from her bag. Good thing she was a resourceful minimalist. She hated that Will and Jaime would see her so un-raveled and set about rectifying the parts of her she had some control over. She brushed her teeth, her hair, and after losing a clump of her wavy mane, she shoved all of it into a messy bun on top of her head and tossed the portion she’d molted into the plastic trash can. “Awesome, I’m balding now too!” The mirror was smeared in white, like someone had spit their backwash all over it. She ran her elbow along it hard to get even a tiny clean space. She needed to look at herself to assess how much work she really needed. She knew Will and Jaime and the others would be there in about five minutes. It wasn’t nearly long enough to make herself decent. Her make-up dropped into the wet sink. “Ergh! Sh-”
“Ahem! Can I help?” asked Collin at the door. He was holding a pair of jeans for her to change into. Lina’s shoulders slumped in desperation and she waved him in.
“It’s pointless,” she grumped and sat on the filthy toilet. “I’m bloated, and my hair is falling out.” She gave the trash a kick. Collin peered into it.
“That’s a few strands Lina. Hardly cause for concern. Do you know how much I lose when I shift?” She shook her head. “Tons!” Collin grinned at the protrusion of her belly. Lina looked at it too and rubbed over the taut brown skin. She pulled her black t down.
“I haven’t looked this bad, in a very long time.” If ever, she thought. Sitre and the girls wouldn’t let her set foot on the veranda, without first tweezing her brows, and plumping her face. Of course she’d be incompetent on her own, with her guardians constantly taking care of everything! As soon as she thought of them her guts gave the worst kick inside her.
“You okay? Need the trash?”
“I’m not gonna throw up,” she told him. Her uncertain tone reflected otherwise. “Face please. I washed it at least.”
“I smell. Mmm,” he hummed, “cheap hotel soap.”
“I’ll probably break out!”
“Let’s see,” said Collin, glancing around to the broken shower curtain, and paint-peeled walls. They were a pretty shade of peach, or at least they had been, before water damage and decay. “Ah, towels,” he clapped after opening a closet. “Eh, there’s all kinds of stuff in here. Razors!”
“Collin,” Lina prompted, reminding him she was racing against the clock.
“Sorry. I love provisions, especially free ones.” He took a towel that was still fairly white and had a hotel emblem etched into its cloth.
“Thief.”
“Me?”
“You, and the person who lived here,” she said.
Collin laughed. He took out a travel sized moisturizer out of his own bag. When she facially inquired he clicked his tongue at her. “Crow’s feet are a no, and besides, do you really want,” he took up an empty soap box from the trash and read the label, “citrus sage, chemical filled whatever this trash is to dry out your pretty skin?” He pressed out her lashes, applied blush to the non-existent apples of her round cheeks, and made her pucker over a piece of tissue paper. He stood back to admire his zippy handy work.
“Am I good?” she asked, without a shred of hope that she looked any better than the band of scrubby men in the other room. Collin was smiling, half patting himself on his back was more like it. 
“Have a look.”
Lina went to the mirror, and leaned in to see past the old froth and smears. “Wow!” She ran her finger along the bottom of her pink lip softly and turned right and left. Collin leaned in close.
“You’re back,” he said, and pecked her cheek. “A suggestion?”
“Please,” she replied. Collin pressed the cleft in his chin with his forefinger, speculating. He slid the band out of her hair, and mussed the waves, like a professional. “Down’s better?” she asked.
“Much.”
“How much?” she asked self-consciously.
“It’s the difference between them being happy to see ya, and not being able to breathe at all.”
“Oh.”
Collin stepped away so she could finish up. “Hope the jeans work.” He went to the closet, pried open his pack and proceeded to load it with the left over razors, old shaving cream, and toothpaste and whatever else he could find. Lina eyed his pants. She held them up, gauging his body.
“These aren’t yours.”
“No, I, borrowed em.” He didn’t turn to look at her.
Lina sighed and bent down to slip the tight things over her ankles.“What are you taking?!”
“Everything!” Collin howled. When he turned to her he tossed a package of sanitary pads in her lap. Lina knocked them away before she realized what they were. She leaned down to pick them up. Her face warmed and she threw them back.
“I don’t need those!”
“You’re a gal aren’t ya?” He scratched his messy brown hair and kept raiding.
“You are so dumb,” she laughed. “First, immortals don’t, do that, and second, with child here!” she said, pointing.
“Excuse my ignorance!”
“You’re a klepto,” she accused.
“Am not!”
“You are. How do we even know this place is actually abandoned? Maybe the tenants are going to come back anytime.”
“To what, live in swill?”
“It does smell a little like cat urine, doesn’t it?” she asked, crinkling her nose and pulling the musty shower curtain back so she didn’t have to keep looking at the rusty yellow drain and soap scum.
“I for one, want to stay forever!” he crowed, jumping onto to the rim of the tub. “King of the cat box!” They were both laughing and batting at each other’s hands, till she helped him down. She didn’t know how he could dance in such tight pants.
“Seriously, maybe they’re just renovating or something. What do we do if they come back?” She was having a hard time keeping a straight face while Collin shimmied around. He was so much like Janas, fun, and easy to be with. Perfect EQ. There were no strings. She could let her hair down and be normal. She could be regular Lina again. It was nice. He was ignoring her so she poked him at his belt-loop. “Collin, if they come back?”
He swiveled around. His eyes had darkened, the pupils engulfing the iris in hunger. “You really want me to answer that?”
Lina gasped. “What about Saint Collin, protector of the innocent?” He gave her a grievous look and headed for the door.
“Hey. I mean it!” she called. “No killing!”
“Oh kay!” he shouted back from outside the bathroom.
She stood against the white peeled frame watching the pack. Blood bags, for what? Till they ran out and then they probably caroused the city at night, searching for victims to feed on, or recruit. Could she really hold it against them? They had to feed. At London’s center, there wasn’t much wildlife, unless an immortal wished to kill a stray dog, a cat, a few fat birds. Sick fare, none of them wanted that, not even her. She needed to herd all of the wolves out of the city and back to the country, to the mountains, where it was uninhabited and ultimately safer. She watched as they all got riled up in anticipation of the newcomers. It wasn’t just a wolf thing either, all that testosterone building. More than their depleted blood supply she was concerned with the swirling thoughts in their minds. From the moment they met Lina they’d been drawing their own conclusions about Will and Jaime. The questioning they had, the confusion as to why anyone would have let her slip through their fingers, was at the forefront. And now they had an opportunity to raise those very questions and concerns directly. Lina’s belly jumped to her throat. She half hoped there would be some harmless posturing amongst the two packs, but that the issue would fizzle out as quickly as it rose.
“Yeah right,” she muttered to herself. Who was she kidding?
“Should be here any second now,” said Collin tapping the wall. He knocked her softly on the arm before attempting to make his way to the front door to wait. Lina grabbed hold of his pinkie. He looked at her funny.
“Will it be very bad?” she asked. Collin cocked his head. She motioned for the twenty plus men standing in a crowd in the center of the flat. He drew his attention to the high wooden beams that were soon awash in light. Below, his crew huddled in murmurs of tension.
“Oh that,” he realized. “Well, you did reject McNair, their leader.”
She interrupted, “I’m taken! Why is that so hard to understand?”
He put a finger to her lips. “It’s formality.”
“Will they try to fight them? Will McNair?”
“Noo! Not McNair, he would never. He has class, not like these other blokes.”
“And them?”
Collin grumbled at the lot he often begrudgingly called family. “Animals!” he whispered, “especially my brother!”
“Will they really do anything?”
Collin shrugged. “If they’re bored.” He looked at them again. They were all in a bit of their own solitude, counting hairs on their knuckles or pulling the strings of their sweatshirts back and forth. Collin shook his head. “It doesn’t look good.”
Lina’s arms depressed. “Fantastic.”
“You worry for not.”
“Would it make a difference if they knew that I drugged Will and Jaime, in order to get away from the mansion?”
He smirked. “Did you?”
“Yes.”
Collin tucked his tongue in his cheek. “Yet I’m the criminal?”
“I only did it to keep them safe. They had no idea, none. This whole thing isn’t their fault and they didn’t shirk their responsibility to me, not in any way. This whole thing is so stupid. I’m queen, and they,” she shoved her finger towards the rumbling pack, “need to mind their own business!”
“Alright, alright, can you keep your voice down?”
“Do something!”
He was smiling at her helplessly. “What is it you’d like me to do Lina?”
“Make them stop, bristling like that! This isn’t the time to fight over a female! Your brothers have been taken, your dad! They need to be worried about that right now, not what goes on in my house!”
“Agreed, but...”
“But what?!”
“Their instincts tell em to take ya, even more so if no other male alpha is here to speak for ya.”
“So!”
“You’re a female wolf, on your own! Can’t help nature.”
“You can!” she spoke out of turn. A few of the pack members averted their attention from Cal and Sully’s arm wrestling, and over to her and Collin. Lina shrunk and her poor friend, who she’d nearly outed did the same. He took her hand and drug her into the bathroom.
Once inside he slammed the door. “Are you mad? What in bloody hell is wrong with you?! Are ya trying to complicate my life too?”
Lina bit her lip and jumped at him, her arms wound around his neck. “I’m so sorry! I don’t know what I was thinking. Collin, I would never tell them, never!”
He patted her back, half resisting and half pitying her. “You really keep things lively don’t you? Do you have any idea what them knowing about me could do?”
“Why would they even care?”
He pulled away and stared hard at her, his saffron lenses burning. “Haven’t you been listening? They’re wolves Lina, men, men who take women as their mates. It never goes the other way, ever.”
“In my world it does.”
He smiled. “I should visit your world then, someday.” He kissed her and headed out to meet Will and Jaime at the street level. He’d bring them up to the apartment.
She felt terrible for what she’d almost done to Collin. She didn’t know if his assumption of the packs reaction to his secret would be as he said, or if he was just paranoid. Lina wouldn’t take a chance like that again regardless. She’d seen plenty hate in her life to know, people will always fear what’s different, no matter how much she tried to change their minds. She couldn’t allow Collin to be hurt because she was too busy deflecting the hot lamp off herself.
On top of all that she’d basically made her kings look like cowards. The pack had stepped in here in London, saved her, according to them. They gave her clean clothes, food, and shelter, fought demons for her, the very things her soldiers should have been doing. It didn’t matter that she’d orchestrated her own defection. They simply wouldn’t see it that way and as soon as Will and Jaime crossed the threshold, they were prepared to tell them so. Lina wondered if it would be in words rather than fists. Collin was the first to walk back through the apartment door. He glanced back at her petrified face with a bit of regret. He’d pushed her into calling them and even he wondered in that moment, if it wasn’t the very worst idea he’d ever had. She gave a short reproach and then shook her head. Too late now. She’d never felt such intense heat than right there in that room with all those men.


36. Are We Broken?
“Welcome,” said Collin, “Come right in. I’d say make yourselves at home, but as you can see we aren’t workin with much here.” He moved aside, chuckling as he brought the heavy door with him. When the last crossed over he closed it tight, locking up after. Collin dawdled behind Charles, not sizing him or any of them up really, only assessing their large stature, and confidant gait. He came around to the front near Thomas. They had only gotten about five feet inside before they halted, steadfastly measuring the band before them. Lina saw the huge vein in Thomas’ neck throb. Behind him, Jaime’s chiseled jaw hardened even more. He cast his hooded blue eyes towards Sully. Tension was already building.
“Can I take anything for you?” Collin offered politely. He cast a sideward glance to his brother Cal.
“We don’t have anything,” said Thomas in a rude tone.
“Jackets then?” Collin observed that the four of them were wet from the rain.
Thomas cocked a brow, glancing clear over Collins head. His glare was met by Cal and Sully, the two biggest instigators in the group. Cal raised his head and flared his nostrils to fully catch the new scents. This irked the hell out of Thomas who merely grinned and began removing his coat. “Sure, take my shirt too while you’re at it.” Lina jumped out then and got between Thomas and the men he was about to go after just for looking at him cross-eyed.
“Stop it!” She slapped his hands down before he could remove his top clothes. “Don’t do that! These aren’t your enemies!”
For a moment his face softened over hers. She knew he was just as relieved to see her as she was of him, of all of them. “Lina,” he said. Thomas swept her into his big arms and wrapped her legs around his waist to hug her tighter than a bear. She worried her jeans might rip so she tried squirming out of his hold. Thomas wouldn’t allow it. She kept her eyes closed so she didn’t really pay attention when someone came from behind and touched her face. “What were you thinking?!” Thomas scolded her. “And what are you doing with these,” Thomas halted and she knew he was glaring at her new friends, “filthy dogs?” Behind them McNair’s men snarled and growled at Thomas.
“Ow, ow too tight, watch the belly!” she squeaked, feeling her ribs cave in.
“Sorry honey.” Thomas put her down. He righted his shirt.
“Don’t be rude,” she scolded him quietly.
“Are you okay, did anybody,” he paused, looking at the watching pack. He leaned his head down to her. “Did anybody hurt you?” He was mostly sincere, mostly. What always gave Thomas away was the young boy inside him, the one whose mighty heart was still sparring with his elders. It was this little flash of violence, which rippled below his thick brow; a dare, that eternally rested at his lips. Lina reached on her tip toes to brush his pretty face. Cocky as he was, she knew deep down he really cared about her.
“No Thomas, no one hurt me,” she looked over her shoulder and smiled, hoping her actions would be enough to stave off a fight. “McNair’s men are perfect gentlemen.” Thomas gaged their response which was one of confusion, appreciation, and also, disappointment. Cal and Sully weren’t backing down yet, but they weren’t making the first move either. Lina realized it was more out of respect for McNair than anything truly noble. If given a green light, they’d be proud to bloody their itching fists.
“Good,” was all Thomas said, and then he moved so she came face to face with Will and Jaime. There were so many emotions all in that split second, ones of regret, pain, worry, love and, hunger. She was so hungry for them and she knew, despite their anger towards her, they were just as desperate for her touch as well. Lina kept her hands behind her back and picked at her nail. Would they forgive her then and there and forget the whole ordeal, or would she have to spend the next month apologizing. Her chest was heaving waiting for them to say something, anything. Her mouth parted to speak but Will’s expression steeled her. He glared at her belly, which was sticking out at least a hand’s width now. Jaime followed his gaze and then Will stepped to her rather abruptly. Thomas stiffened and Charles tried yanking Will’s leather jacket. He only cast him off. His huge form engulfed her as he leaned his face down to hers. His wavy hair fell around his shoulders and she could barely look into his eyes. When she did the round of gold grew smaller, leaving them obsidian. Her pulse thumped in her throat. She smelled blood on his breath. It took her a second before she realized, it wasn’t an animals. Her eyes filled with tears and she looked at Jaime. Will stormed passed her, through the throng and to the glass door that led to the rooftop of the apartment. She made a tiny noise of resistance but Jaime quickly squashed her small effort.
“Now’s not the time to argue,” he told her a bit coldly. He followed Will outside. The pack rustled and made motions like they would stand around Lina, to protect her. She tried to find McNair in the crowd. When she did he looked disgusted and somewhat relieved. Why? Because instead of cursing her husband’s lack of servitude, he could congratulate them. He could applaud their strength over her? Lina waited for him to stick up for her, to make a motion. McNair stood back and folded his arms. When the large man did this, his men, however jilted, followed suit, and stepped behind him. Charles and Thomas kept silent as well behind her. She was alone, and that damn spotlight was back and hotter than ever. Lina threw up her arms.
“That’s it! You’re not going to say anything?!”
McNair was in her head. We won’t interfere.
“I’m wrong right?! Everything I do is wrong!” She stomped after Will and Jaime, cussing under her breath.

Outside the sun decided to make a flimsy attempt at shining through the stormy clouds. The weather was drizzly wet on her skin. Jaime was ahead of her, past the chimney, straddling the edge of the building. He was calmly looking down into the alleyway, then out ahead, toward the side streets and traffic. He ran a hand through his damp blond hair. His other hand rested over his thigh and she watched as the light glinted off his wedding band. She fingered for hers until she remembered she’d taken them off. He turned to her, swinging his leg back and clasping his hands together. Lina walked slowly to him, the whole time her gaze never leaving the ocean of blue before her. God he was beautiful, and her whole body knew how much. When she got to him she halted, waiting to see if he would receive her. When he didn’t do it automatically she sulked.
“You’re not going to forgive me?” She boldly reached for a lock and pushed it behind his right ear. Her finger danced around the hoop in it. Jaime showed her all his teeth and gave her a forceful growl before hopping down and thrusting her waist to his. He brought both hands to her face and looked hard, and deep.
“You make me crazy,” he told her close.
“I know I do.” She wanted him to kiss her. Who was she kidding? She wanted him to throw her to the ground right there, she wanted him so badly. She hated that he knew that, without her saying so. “I’m hurting too,” she aptly reminded him.
He pursed his smooth lips. “Not nearly as much as we are.”
“Jaime,” she breathed. “I only did what I did because Herocles.” His mouth stopped her from finishing. Jaime’s tongue circled hers and then he lifted her from the ground. Lina wound her arms around his neck, thrust her hands into his sweet smelling hair. Their kiss was one of the most painful they’d ever had and harkened back to a darker time in their long relationship. It was overpowering, the way all their memories swirled back each time they touched. The list of hurts was enough to crush them both despite the fact that they’d made a new deal to leave it all behind. When he pulled back she cried. He brought his thumb to his mouth and pressed where her fangs caught his skin. He sucked it clean and then ran his index over her cold temple. She leaned into it, almost shyly. Jaime kissed her forehead.
“I’m glad you’re all safe,” he said, touching her belly, before he started to walk around her.
“Where are you going?” she asked when he moved back toward the door.
“Nowhere, but, he needs you,” he answered, nodding in Will’s direction.
Across the rooftop, her other husband had his back to them. Arms folded, never a good sign. This stance was one Lina knew very well. She’d seen it more times than she cared to admit. Each time she’d seen it, she was to blame. Her whole body felt like it was on fire. There was a place in the pit of her that was broiling. She made her way to him but her steps were lacking the buoyancy they had with Jaime. Was it because Jaime was easier to deal with? Was it because she knew he would always forgive her, no matter what? She didn’t know the reason, only that loving Jaime had always been easy, effortless. Loving Will was more difficult than the world’s toughest rubix cube. There were things between them, which Lina didn’t dream of solving, either out of laziness, or because she knew it would take all their extremely long lives to do so, and by that time, really, what would be the point. All three of them were fiery in nature, but somehow, Will brought out things in Lina that she couldn’t explain, or control. It had always scared her, and so, mimicking his stubborn temperament, shielded her from really feeling them. Or at least she thought so. She poked his back hard.
“Hey!” Was that the best she could come up with? “I already know what you’re going to say, so before you get all preachy like you always do, remember that I’m—”
“My queen,” he whirled on her, all six and half feet of him. Lina stumbled on her heel. She kept forgetting how much smaller she was in comparison.
“That’s right!” she recovered fast. Why was she shouting?
Will moved in on her, his face burning red beneath his tan skin. “And because you are to be obeyed.” He was mocking her now?
“That’s it,” she agreed inflexibly.
“And because you always know what’s best, for everyone?”
Lina was caught mid-breath. “Yep.”
Will’s expression changed, revealing the wolf inside him. Those black irises were back and they were scaling every inch of her body and her face, like a predator. “Wrong,” he scolded her.
Lina stepped back once. “We don’t have time to argue about my fudged execution to keep you and Jaime safe. We’re here now. Let’s do what we have to do already!”
“Are you really going to try and defend what you did?”
“That’s right, I did what I did and that’s that!” Acid scathed her esophagus. She swallowed it back down and watched Will’s fury build.
“This isn’t only about you anymore Lina!” Will half choked over her name, half phasing in the process. He swung his arms and turned from her again. “You’re not well! You’re out here, all alone, unprotected, running around with who the f—!”
“Hey! Hey! Don’t yell at me, I know all of that and I’m sorry, you know that I am, what else do you want me to say? I’m doing what I think is the right move, and yes, for me, for our family, for everyone! It’s a lot of pressure Will.”
At first he didn’t answer, but as the sun’s rays peeked again over the concrete rooftops and showered them both in warmth, he turned to her. His chiseled face was bathed in light. “There are two others to consider.”
The babies, she said inside herself.
“Yeah, remember them?”
“Stop it!”
“No you stop! We do this together, all the way, or, not at all.” There was a strange tilt in his words. Lina didn’t like it, not one bit.
She walked to him, and got very close despite his apprehension. “What does that mean?” she asked. Lina smelled the blood again. Will bit his lips like he was trying to hide it. “Answer me?”
“It means you can’t keep taking everything on yourself. If you die, we all die, remember!”
“That’s not what you meant,” she whispered. “You want to leave?”
“Don’t be ridiculous!” He shot a nervous hand through his hair. It was snarly, and she finally saw the flecks of blood near his earlobe and the drop on his dark shirt. He’d fought demons, and he’d cleaned up her mess, but there was more wrong with him than that.
“I’m ridiculous now?” she asked
“Lina, don’t.”
“Don’t what Will?” She reached for his chin, and turned it to and fro. Lina fingered his long hair, pulling the black waves free of the tangles, and then she leapt on him and grabbed his head hard, her nails digging into the nape of his neck.
“Whose blood is that, on your breath Will?”
At first he appeared shocked at her question, but as the silence continued, threatening to become a vacuity of all the things that were left unsaid, and would be left unsaid, he changed. Will shoved her off so that she fell to the ground hard. She wasn’t physically hurt but stunned.
“You left!” he barked at her. His fangs had dropped and his eyes were bright yellow. She knew it. She knew he’d fed on someone. Will never took human blood, from a bag maybe, but never, never from the vein! She felt so betrayed.
“I knew I smelled it, the moment you four walked through that door. I’ve been gone three days Will! Three lousy days, and you?”
“I made a mistake, but it’s not what you think!” he muttered, barely an audible apology followed. Lina was struck square between her heart and her womb. She began backing away from him, in disbelief. Will followed after her and then she started running across the rooftop. He chased her. Catching her on the opposite side, he slammed them both against the brick wall, out of sight. His fangs dislodged farther and he could barely contain himself as she struggled beneath him. Jaime came from the corner.
“Will!” he howled. “Get away from her!”
“Get off me!” she shouted beneath Will’s arms that were crushing her.
“We all fed Lina! It wasn’t only me! Don’t make this something that it isn’t.”
“Will don’t do this!” Jaime came around but Will flung him back with one arm. Jaime shook him off. He didn’t try taking control again, but he remained at the ready if Will took things too far, and he wasn’t certain he wouldn’t. Will wasn’t himself, not for days, weeks even, ever since they were bonded. He couldn’t trust that he would keep his head.
“It was a woman?” Lina didn’t need to ask. She already knew, she only wanted him to admit it. Lina laughed in his face until another image came through that stopped her. “Not one, three,” she said, preening his mind. “You only fed on one.”
He glowered at her and drummed his free hand over the wall. “It doesn’t mean anything Lina. We didn’t hurt her. She’s alive and well.”
Lina blinked around Will’s arm at Jaime. “He wouldn’t do that on his own, he wouldn’t. You,” she snapped her teeth at Will, “and your maniac of a brother would, but Jaime,” she shook her head defiantly. “He’d starve first before he—”
“Before he what Lina?” Will growled into her. “Right, he must ask your permission first.”
“Will! Shut up!” Jaime shouted. “Dude, you’re not making it better, for either of us!”
“Who are you? I don’t even know you. You make me sick!” Lina tried butting Will in the face but he caught her instead and pressed his mouth to hers. She riled against his hold, snapping her own fangs at him. Will laughed and wrestled her arms back to her sides.
“What is it you think I did?”
“Jaime would never be unfaithful!”
He roared at her then. Jaime didn’t know if it was because Lina was so wrong about Will, or because Will just couldn’t not rise to the occasion. Lina did have a way of bringing out the very best and the very worst of them. “That’s right, innocent Jaime, your good husband. You love him more because you can govern every damn thing he does. Well you can’t control me Lina! I’m nearly five thousand years old, and yes I’ve done bad things in the past, but I didn’t—”
“Didn’t what?” she hissed at him. Jaime could see over Will’s shoulder that her eyes were white as the moon. Finally Will released her, knowing she was probably seconds away from throwing them both over the edge of the apartment building to their deaths. He dropped his head to her in peace. He didn’t want to fight with her, especially when clearly he was in the wrong, they all were. She snarled at him.
“I would never do that, to you.”
“Good for you!” she yelled, even though he’d quieted his own rage.
“Yeah, good for me.”
“Glad to see the version of you I met was a lie!”
“It wasn’t a lie,” he said softer still. Will was at her again but this time she didn’t flinch, and he pressed his forehead to hers. She smelled blood, and sweat, and the woods, and flowers and...
“Why do I bother?” she asked.
Will moved to her mouth for the second time. She tried kneeing him but he caught her leg. “It wasn’t a lie. It’s still me Lina. Being with you has had its challenges yes, and I’ve had to adjust certain, behaviors—”
“Behaviors?” she repeated. “What a convenient euphemism for what the four of you did.” 
“Let me finish.”
“Fine,” she said.
“I don’t regret changing,” he said. “Do you?”
“Why would I regret anything? I haven’t changed.”
He almost appeared pained when she made the statement. “You’ve changed, the most out of all of us.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means, my love, that Jaime and I and all those who surround you, are and will always be consistently in a state of unrest.”
Lina grunted as red tears welled in her eyes. Her lip quivered beneath his hand. “Why do you all bother then?”
“Because my dear, we are all in love with you.”
“It’s true baby,” said Jaime, coming up to Will’s side. He pulled her fingers to his and Lina felt the wetness on her cheek. Jaime’s other hand flashed to catch the blood. His thumb ran along her lashes.
“The price is too high,” she said small. He smiled at her.
“It is steep,” Will agreed. He brought her chin up to look at her more. His eyes rimmed with tears too. When Lina touched there, they dropped, running down her hand. They were clear as the rain, and beautiful.
“I’m sorry it’s so difficult to be with me. I’m sorry I put you in harm’s way. I’m sorry that you had to travel into the Devil’s mouth to die for me. And, I’m sorry that on top of all that I’m so...”
“Jealous?” Jaime parted the hair from her face.
“I was willing to pardon those wolves in that room, but I can’t dole the same courtesy to the men I love.”
Will lowered her hands. He held them to his hard chest. “Your jealously helps me to remember that I’m really here, in this world, with you.”
“That is dysfunctional,” Jaime interjected.
Will chuckled. “We’ve always been so, haven’t we?”
“Good point,” said Jaime.
Lina hugged her chest, then ran her fingers over her face. “I don’t know why I was so mad. I know you would never, do anything to hurt me, not on purpose.”
“Of course we wouldn’t,” Jaime told her.
“Believe me, Thomas didn’t miss the opportunity to remind me of my indiscretions,” admitted Will.
“Ironic, since it was his idea in the first place,” Jaime complained. When Lina gave him a dirty look he amended with raised hands, “I take full responsibility.”
“Thomas has never understood our relationship, maybe he was testing you,” she suggested.
“No,” Will disagreed. “He wanted to feed, and he wasn’t at home. But, he does worry that I’ll grow tired of sharing you.”
“Are you tired of it?” asked Lina. He delayed and her fingers clutched his waist. “Will?” Her head was swarming with so many images she could barely see straight. The seconds ticked by and they were agonizing.


37. The Burden We Bare
“You hold my heart in your hands Lina. The only one who could force me to go, is you.”
“Same for me,” said Jaime.
“What if you grow hungry again?” She couldn’t help but direct her question to Will.
“My feeding, isn’t about sex,” he professed until her hand covered his lips.
“What if it is? Shut up,” she ordered when he tried to speak. “Listen to me.”
“I’m listening,” he mumbled.
“We’ve been bonded for all of two seconds. Every time we come together, the three of us, you go through about seven hundred emotions, so do you!” she shot to Jaime when he began shaking his head. “And I wait, watching in agony while the two of you peel layer after layer away of your own inhibitions, your suffering, and your shame.”
Will kept trying to counter her words. “Lina, I don’t feel, we don’t...”
“You do Will. You both do. I hear you and it kills me. I need to know, right now, can you live with the way things are, or, do you want out? Because Will, it can’t help but be about intimacy. The four of you made the decision to feed on that random girl, for more reasons than food.” Her throat was burning even to imagine the scene. Thomas and Charles holding her hair back, while Will and Jaime took turns at her throat, her breasts. Lina buried her face, the acidic tears were like razors against her icy skin.
“Lina, don’t, please don’t cry.” Jaime tried to comfort her. She held a hand to his chest.
“It was a mistake, one we won’t make again!” Will tried putting his arms around her too but she stopped him.
“It’s not your fault, it’s who you are, who we are, but I can’t help but hate it! You needed me, you wanted me, and I left you. I can only imagine what you thought coming into our chambers that night, smelling Herocles, knowing he was, on our bed. We have a history together he and I, but you know it was criminal the way he orchestrated the whole thing, how he manipulated me. He wanted you to find evidence that night, it’s why he came to me. If I didn’t leave the mansion, give in to this chase, who knows what he would have done to the covens, to you. I couldn’t stand to think of Necros, to remember you both, dying in my arms.”
“Lina stop this!” Will yelled at her.
“I left because I had no other choice!”
“I know baby, we both do,” Jaime said, taking her hand down and pulling her close. He kissed the top of her hair. Thunder rolled in the distance and a flicker of lightning followed in brilliant silence. Lina tilted her head back so that she could look at them both. They touched her face on either side.
“It’s an imperfect love I guess,” she said with a shrug.
“Savage,” Will added. He had his arm wrapped around her waist.
“You say that word, like it’s a bad thing.” Even that hurt her feelings. She didn’t mind being consumed with them. It was raw, and it was real, and she didn’t want any part of anything in this entire world that didn’t measure up to that. “We went into this with our eyes open, at least I had hoped we did.”
Will shared a tortured look with Jaime. “I thought we did too.”
“One of us is having doubts, and it’s causing all this, friction.” Lina watched them both, waiting for an explanation. She knew the upset wasn’t coming from her, and the two of them were so busy trying to shield her from the darker parts of their minds that their inner voices had become a distorted mess. She was at a loss.
Jaime felt for her free hand. His blue eyes lowered. “I was having some, trouble. I told Will I was worried, like Thomas, that our sharing you might not turn out the way,” he swallowed when Lina’s lip began to quiver, “the way you think it should.”
“And how is it you think I want this to, turn out?”
“I don’t know. Some days it’s really difficult for me, and other days, it’s easier.”
She looked at Will. “You feel like he does?”
“Every now and then, but I know I don’t want to lose you.”
“What about Jaime?” she asked.
“I don’t want to lose him either, but you can’t read more into that than what it is Lina.”
“And what is it?”
Will sighed and reached for her face. “I love you. I love Jaime because you love him. I’ll be with you, and share you, my wife, because you gave your heart away a long time ago, and because he still holds it today. I’ll protect you both, and our children, because you’re my family now, my pack, but Lina, we aren’t,” he couldn’t help but laugh a little, “we aren’t ever going to enjoy, being with you at the same time. I don’t, I don’t know what else to say about it, and I’m sorry, we both are, if that isn’t what you want to hear.”
Lina understood and she appreciated that they were finally articulating things more clearly not only to her, but to each other. “Every relationship has challenges, but if we are honest with one another, about our needs, and our,” she inhaled and squeezed their hands, “desires, then I don’t think there is anything the three of us can’t do together. The separate rooms’ thing though, is that an idea you want me to still consider?”
Jaime’s eyes bulged and Lina smiled. “You couldn’t have known I said that.”
“I know everything you say.”
“Unfair the way you excise your power to benefit you in this relationship,” he complained. “And I don’t need my own room. I’m not a boy, I’m a man and I can more than handle this, our, situation.”
Lina frowned. “It’s not a situation Jaime. It’s a marriage, a unique one, but a bonding nonetheless.”
“I know that.”
“If you both would be more comfortable that way, then I won’t try to stop you.” Will and Jaime shared another awkward moment. “It isn’t that complicated. You either want to share my quarters with me, or you don’t. We have plenty of space at the mansion. You can sleep wherever you feel like.” They knew she was only giving them lip service. As much as some of their male habits annoyed her, or how many times she pretended she would kick them out, Lina wanted nothing more than for the three of them to be close. “I’m serious, do what you want.”
“Guilt, this is nice,” Jaime said, giving her a little pinch.
“Yeah, Lina it’s not really an open offer, if your fingers are crossed behind your back.” Will reached down and pried her hands apart.
“Fine! I like sleeping alone anyway.”
“Stubborn.”
“Yes she is,” Jaime agreed.
The three of them melded into the shadows, into one another’s arms, and into the safe place that made each of them feel whole again. Lina kissed Will through her tears and then she met Jaime’s mouth. He kissed her back, then pulled her shirt from her body. He laid it over his near their feet, then he tucked her hair around her shoulders where his lips continued tracing. She felt his fangs along her collarbone, and then at her neck. He pulled her down and against his body and she felt him, all of him, his heat, his love for her. Will ran both his hands along her chest and then around the swell of her belly. His lips met the place where he and Jaime’s sons lay asleep. He whispered to them and as he did he reached one hand up to Lina’s neck where Jaime was holding and kissing her. He took Jaime’s fingers in his which made Lina freeze, until she realized that no matter what misgivings arose, they were invariably locked together.
They made love quietly.
As the rain moved in and crashing thunder reverberated through the sky Will and Jaime laid their heads over her belly. For the moment their hunger had subsided. She stroked their soaking hair, admiring their beautiful and strong bodies, and listening to their hearts beat with hers. She knew they deserved the moment, after the unrest she’d caused them. She also knew that time was of the essence. Herocles was on the move and now he had one of their own. She didn’t know how she was going to tell them everything that happened, or about Lydas and Sitre. Lina couldn’t stomach the idea that Herocles had really killed them, despite what he’d told Sean. She refused to believe it and so she would not only find that demon’s next hiding place, but she would finally kill him. She would rescue Lydas and the other wolves and then together, they would set out to find Sitre, Aikos, and Aa-hana. Lina’s head swarmed with where to start. If she closed her eyes hard enough against the rain, against the sound of her loves, she could hear Hero laughing, taunting her to come and play.
Where are you, you bastard?! she called from inside herself.
“Lina?” Jaime peered up at her.
She opened her eyes. Jaime stared at her blankly and Lina cupped his hair in her hand. “I have to go,” she told them. Will reluctantly got to his feet. He shrugged into his jeans, did his belt, and held his hand out to help her do the same.
“That’s it?” asked Jaime. She sighed and handed him his clothes. He puckered his lips and took them resentfully. Jaime leaned back, and slid his pants on. She fully admitted it was excruciating to watch her husband’s cover their bodies, no matter how good they looked in street wear. She was salivating over Jaime’s well-built chest and he followed her eye line down his abs and to that lovely mark below his navel. Will looked away when Jaime caught her gaze, and licked his lips provocatively.
“Going once girl,” he offered, reaching up and tickling her thigh. Lina inhaled and took a step back. Will laughed with his back turned as Jaime stood up. They put on their shirts and tried shielding her from the rain. Once she was decent they made their way around the building to the apartment patio door. With three lengthy exhalations they went back inside.


38. A Summons for the Queen
“Lina,” Thomas called her to the mangy sofa. It was retro yellow, and for the third time she wondered, who had lived here? Thomas patted a spot for her. Her cheeks flushed pink like they always did whenever he was near her. He had this effect on all women, but she loathed the fact that even after ascending, becoming queen, and marrying his brother, it still happened to her. She rolled a derisive eye at the wearing thread.
“Yuck, I’m not sitting down in here.”
“Aw,” he clicked. “Pretty princess isn’t used to pauper’s quarters is she?” he teased. The flat erupted with laughter.
“You are so, I didn’t mean it like that!”
“Whatever you say highness, park it.” Thomas put his huge boots over the table and laid his arm along the headrest. He pianoed his fingers where he wished her head to be.
“I think I’ll stand,” she told him firmly. Thomas flashed his white teeth at her and then when Will and Jaime joined the group, he drew his lip up. She knew he was about to say something completely inappropriate.
You sounded good out there, little sister, he sent to her privately, followed by a sly grin and a quick flash of his brows. Lina inhaled sharply and felt fumes rise in her ears. Oh settle down, I’m only teasing.
I hate all your guts sometimes! she sent back. What was she five? Lina raised her fist back.
Will walked around her and drove his into Thomas’ jaw. His head snapped to the left and remained there for ten seconds while everyone else got to their feet and started yelling. Some of them shouted in praise, while others aimed to stop the fight. Jaime took hold of Lina because she was about to pounce on Thomas too, despite Will’s fist drilling his brother three more times.
“Will! You made your point! Come on!” shouted Charles who was on the end of the couch catching Thomas’ fall. There was blood all over his white shirt and splashed across the cushions.
“I warned you once never to talk to her like that!” He bellowed obscenities in his brother’s bloody face and then drew him up by his neck. “We don’t have enough problems without you eavesdropping and adding more?!”
Thomas smiled a bloody smile and tilted his head back. He brought his forehead swinging against Will’s, which sent them both crashing over the little wooden table. It disintegrated beneath their weight. Finally when everyone had had enough they stepped in, some grabbing hold of Will, and some of Thomas. Sully and Cal got in between and kept them from killing each other. Thomas spit blood from his lip onto the old wood floor. Jaime still held Lina who was mortified beyond belief. Will roared and it was so loud the walls shook.
“You apologize to her now!”
Thomas wiped his temple and nose. It was broken. Charles gave Will a disgusted look before grabbing hold of it and giving it one quick crack to right it again. “Shit Charlie!” Thomas went blind temporarily while his brother cleaned off his face. Charles turned around and tossed the soiled t-shirt in Will’s face before storming off to the kitchen for anything cold he could lay on Thomas’ face. “I’m sorry!”
“Try again,” Will growled at him.
Thomas moved slowly to Lina. He was still babying his swelling nose and eye. “I’m sorry Lina, okay?” She didn’t really answer aloud, she just shook her head once. Jaime’s arm was around her chest so she couldn’t move even if she wanted to. Thomas observed that, and made a gruff noise before adding, “I guess, mated or not, I’m still the asshole.”
“Dude, it’s done, let’s just move on, kay?” asked Jaime. Thomas glared at him that instant, and Lina knew, he wasn’t nearly finished but he shook his head anyway.
“Whatever you say.”
Lina watched as Thomas sat back on the couch. Charles came over and sat next to him, placing a wet dishtowel over his eye. He needed a cold steak. Lina knew they needed to have a little chat, but this clearly was not the time or the place. It would have to wait till a later date, but she wasn’t going to forget. Lina looked around at the prying eyes watching this discourse. McNair and his men were all huddled together, a few near the brick wall, some behind the couch, and the rest on the dusty wood floor. The general sentiment: they completely trusted Will and his brothers. Blood was shed and territories marked. They had their first official allies in London. It was the most ridiculous thing Lina had ever witnessed and it made her hate each and every one of them with a passion. She was a guy’s girl, but this was too much! Charles was at the opposite end of the sofa near his brother. He was watching her revulsion and then he smiled at her and opened a space near the blood stains. This time she didn’t hesitate to sit. Her back was hurting and she was exhausted. Inside she prayed a cockroach didn’t crawl up her arm. Euw! She sat down really slow, watching the seat back the whole time. Charles scooted closer to shield her from his recovering brother.
Nothing ever changes, she said inside herself.
It’s like old times, only, I half expected to see Will and Jaime fight again, not Will and Thomas, but hey, he sent privately.
“I’m sorry you got dragged out here. You should be at the compound with Jane. She must be going out of her mind worrying about you.”
Charles straightened his jeans nervously. Lina watched the agitation in his mannerisms and she knew that like Will and Jaime, he too was feeling guilty about their little indiscretion on the roadside. Lina also knew, it was as Will said, nothing more than a trip down memory lane, a one-time deal. It wasn’t anything to get worked up over, and Charles shouldn’t wrack himself with guilt either. He was by far the sweetest and most gentle of the group, she couldn’t imagine him enjoying the seconds or hours after they fed on the poor girl. Lina slid her arm under his and Charles slowly turned his chin to look down at her. He hadn’t shaved and his hair was a mess. God, she hated to see his big amber eyes so tormented.
She’ll understand, she may throw something at your head, but she will understand, she sent to him. Charles pursed his lips and tugged a little at his ear. I mean it, I know Jane. She’s fiery, but practical.
I hope you’re right, he said.
“I am.” she told him aloud. She needed to distract him. He was feeling very badly about his behavior. Lina didn’t like what they’d done, but, she would forgive them. She had to.
“I missed you Lina.”
“Missed you too. Your hair’s longer,” she noted. Charles gave his grown out crop a rub. Lina giggled. Jane? she sent.
“I hate it, it’s annoying. I want to buzz it all off!”
Lina squinted. “As long as she doesn’t try to change who you are,” Lina said, turning over her shoulder to look back at Will and Jaime. They were still frustrated with Thomas but they did manage to acknowledge her. She looked back at Charles, “You’ve got nothing to worry about.”

Someone’s cell was going off and everyone who had a phone started checking. Collin walked across the room to where Lina’s bag and coat were on the floor. He brought her things and she looked at him strangely. The only people capable of calling her at this number were sitting in this room with her. She looked down.
“Oh my God!” Lina answered it. “Anchille?”
“Lina!”
“What’s wrong? Is it the coven, did Herocles come there?!”
“No, no, we are all fine.”
“Oh thank goodness!” Lina took a second to breathe. Jaime and Will came behind her.
“Is everything okay?” Jaime asked.
“Anchille, are you sure everyone’s alright?”
“Yes, they are all safe behind the walls. Hero cannot hope to get inside and I don’t believe he will try, if he knows you’ve followed him to the city.”
Lina felt the sensation of a rope tighten around her throat. Her days of apologizing for abandoning the covens were far from over. “Listen, I know what I did to you all was stupid, and if I could do things again...”
“You made your choice Lina, and, it was the right one.”
Lina’s face furrowed, and Charles put his hand on her knee. “I can’t tell if your angry with me or not.” Anchille was silent. “Are you there?”
“I am.”
“You’re upsetting me Anchille. What’s wrong? Has something happened, something you’re afraid to tell me?”
“Lina, I need for you to listen very carefully.”
“Kay?”
“I need for you to leave wherever you are, alone.”
“I don’t understand, are you, are you here too?” She was horrified. Did no one listen anymore? Did no one follow orders?
“I am.”
“Good Lord!” she hissed. “Fine, I’ll meet you, but Anchille, if we cross paths with Herocles, if he sees us together, we’re an easy target. I’ve been careful to travel below ground these past few days.”
“I did as well child,” he told her. “I must speak with you, it is urgent and I cannot say more. I’ll be in the courtyard near Tower of London. Remember Lina, come alone.” Lina was surprised when Anchille hung up so abruptly but she assumed he had to. The entire conversation was so odd.
“Why does he want you to come alone?” asked Jaime, having listened the entire time. They all had. Will sat near Thomas ignoring their argument entirely.
“He says it’s important. It must be, if he slipped out of the house to come here. Speaking of which, how did the four of you get out” Jaime cocked his head and Thomas glanced at Will. “Never mind, I already know,” said Lina in a huff. “Ahkmenotep must be with him.”
“How did he sound, Lina?” asked Will. Thomas brusquely moved his arm from his thigh.
“Like, Anchille.” Lina rose from the sofa and scooted passed them in order to get going. She’d have better luck with a quick cab ride then going underground this time. Lina put on her jacket. She slid her cell in her pocket and picked up her bag.
“Are you sure you should go alone?” asked McNair.
“Exactly, you don’t know what or who is out there looking for you. We should go too,” said Collin. The others agreed with varying degrees of whispers and rumbles.
“He said I should come alone you guys. This is Anchille, my uncle.”
Will rubbed his face and gestured for her to follow him in the kitchen. Jaime came too and so did Collin, but he hung back a step.
“You didn’t hear his voice Will. I have to go, and it will be fine. I need for the four of you to stay here with McNair and his pack. He’s got some of the best trackers. They found that warehouse. Maybe you can work together, see if we can’t find Herocles’ next hiding place.” It was the most pathetic attempt at reasoning with a burning man. The way he was looking down at her was awful.
“Go,” he said even though Jaime and Collin were both floored.
“Really?” she asked in surprise, expecting Will to argue with her, because he always did.
“Yes, if Anchille said come alone, he must really need you. So, go, we’ll get a hold of you when we find something.”
“Thank you,” she said, pulling her bag closer and backing away toward the door. Will followed her. She stood in the entryway and he took her face in his hands. He gazed deep into those large pools of silver. His thumbs grazed the constellation of freckles. Her mouth parted. He hated to allow what he was allowing. He knew Jaime did too. It seemed like no matter how hard they tried, Lina was always slipping through their fingers. Jaime and Lina hugged and he reminded her to be careful. Lina searched his face until he dropped his mouth to hers. Will kissed her after and then, she was gone.
“Are we really letting her go alone, to meet him?” asked Jaime. Collin was still listening. Will pressed the door closed, his palm lingering at the seam.
“No, we aren’t.”


39. Fool Me Once
Lina took to the stretch of road along the Thames, called Victoria Embankment. It was finally a little sunny, and warm enough she could remove her coat. She stopped at the first intersection and shoved it into her bag before making the cross to the river’s side. It was a busy afternoon and she felt a little self-conscious around the humans who were either scurrying to make their next connections, or strolling leisurely along the bank wall, soaking up a touch of vitamin D. She had her glasses on, and her hoodie pulled up around her face, but that began to make her feel even more like a freak, since everyone else was dressed more summery. She took them down. For a second she leaned over the wall to watch the barges go buy and the docked sailboats which gently lulled against part of the shoreline. It was an industrious area with a park-like feel, and she loved the way this part of the city reminded her of Chicago. Like Magnificent Mile, the area between Covent Garden and Tower London was a beautiful blend of high rises, four story homes, restaurants and shops, sectioned by lush trees and iron gates encased in stone. Even the streetlamps, which loomed tall over pedestrians, were sculpted elegantly, like the cities toiled over structures. London also had some of the most breath-taking churches, the kind that made a person weep, for no other reason than to wonder, what it must have felt like to be a part of its inception. Lina’s favorites were the Gothic Revivals and the popular dome structures. They always made her feel like she was standing centrally in places like Russia or Constantinople. She looked down at the choppy river, knowing she had about twenty minutes to get where she was headed. The problem was trying to not run too fast, or be inconspicuous. She should have just gotten a taxi, only, after the stress of the last few days, she was anxious and needed to work her legs, and breathe fresh air. In these private moments, when she wasn’t obsessing over her un-usual pregnancy, or arguing with her mates, or otherwise devising a plan to end her enemies, the world could be such a peculiar and fascinating place. It was all the more dear, now that she was about to try and stop it all from going up in flames. She took a second to watch the humans move about her. A male couple strode past, arm in arm, their eyes focused only on each other. She listened. They were finishing each other’s sentences. A mother and father jogged behind one of those double stroller deals, while their coily haired daughters sucked on sippy cups and peered openly at the scene ahead. They had, had an argument in the weeks prior, about how much their lives had changed since becoming parents. Today was the first day they decided, quality family time was infinitely a better solution, then divorce. Lina found the couple’s resolution inspiring. In a car going in the opposite direction, three kids were playing in the backseat, while their father tapped his finger over the steering wheel to some happy tune. He had his head hung close to the window, thinking of his glory days, the one’s where he had only himself to feed and care for, and no one innocent he could disappoint. The sun lit his silver mane, and made him appear younger than he really was. These humans were happy, maybe not always, but in that split second of life, they were all content to be where they were. They were in a dream state. They had no idea what was to come. Why should they have to she thought? It was now her job to make it so that they never had to know, that beyond the lines of war, and strife, there was an even larger blow to come, one that if she didn’t intercede, would end their constant contemplation. If she was un-successful, all their reflections, their misgivings, their shortcomings and their successes would disappear forever. She wanted their world to remain safe, imperfect perhaps like her love, but un-altered nonetheless.

Lina had to take a few tunnels to get out on the opposite side. The ambiance was changing and wasn’t nearly as entertaining as it was ten minutes prior. There were mostly bridge ways, bland concrete medians, and a few buildings that resembled either a large library or maybe a college. She tried to keep a good pace, but a preternatural pace in broad daylight was out of the question. Lina fudged a bit when she could, but the next several blocks were scattered with teenagers, tourists, suits, and traffic. By the time she reached the Tower it was crowded with even more people, buses, and taxis. She stood outside the coffee shop and was about to take out her phone when she felt it: heat and fury.
Lina froze.
Unable to move or speak while others bustled passed her with drinks, scones, and other items in crinkly bags, she carefully reached for her glasses. Her hand was trembling. She scanned the crowds over the rim, knowing it wasn’t Anchille waiting for her at all. It never was. She saw him right away. He was across the square and he was watching her like a lion stalking a gazelle. Lina’s nostrils flared. She zeroed in on a hundred pairs of shuffling feet, the buzzing of forty plus cell phones, the honk of two car horns, and the swiping of credit cards in various machines. Above her birds were circling, the formation abnormal, but it would be. Evil was afoot. Lina pressed back on her heel, preparing to run.
Don’t move, Herocles told her, or I’ll make what I did to that teacher look like a paper cut. It’s a lot of people Lina. She tried her best not to physically react, but hearing the tenor and delivery of his declaration made her blood go frigid as the Atlantic.
Lina aimed to get as far from him as possible and prayed that everyone would be so busy they wouldn’t even notice the blurry trail racing past them, but before she could take the necessary steps he was there. Herocles had taken those two long strides across the pavilion, steps which should have taken a full minute. She checked to see if any humans had witnessed his swift movement. They hadn’t, or if they had they were stumbling inside themselves over whether their eyes had played a trick. He gripped her arms at the elbow, forcing her to remain poised.
“Darling,” Herocles said too loudly as tourists passed them. “You kept me waiting.” I missed you, he sent privately after. Lina struggled in his hold.
Behind him the infamous castle loomed, grim and foreboding. He matched it on all points, right down to his slate suit and taciturn grey eyes. He’d given himself more color than she was used to seeing in Necros, but he was every bit the monster, even behind his human mask.
“Murderer!” she accused, recoiling from his borrowed face.
“I love you too!” he professed aloud, smothering her in a kiss. Lina screamed but the pressure of his mouth buried her tiny ineffectual voice. You’re making a scene, he warned her.
Acid churned in her gut, when he finally pulled back, daring her to shout again. Lina made a move to jerk him away. He held her so hard her bones cracked. Lina wanted to cry out but didn’t. She gathered her composure as best she could. “You’ll be hanged, by days end!” she whispered violently.
“Don’t be a shrew, it’s vulgar,” he said behind his teeth.
“You are vulgar! Your very presence here, is what is vulgar!”
“You’re a silly girl.”
“Where’s Anchille?!”
Herocles cocked his head, his lip upturned. “I’ve no idea.”
“I could kill you, right now.” Lina threatened to release her fangs. They began protruding from her top first, and then the bottom erupted. Herocles put his hand over her mouth in a playful way. He appeared as any other man, coyly scuffling with a woman, a date even. Lina bit into the flesh of his palm and she could see the anger in him rise. For a moment his irises turned black as night and only a single flame flickered in them.
“You’re forcing my hand Lina,” he told her. Herocles took his focus from her and dropped it on another unsuspecting couple, these two around retirement age. “He has a bad heart,” he sung in her ear. Lina tried fighting him off as Hero rose a finger toward the silver-haired man. One twist of his nail and the man began rubbing his elbow.
“Stop!” Lina said. Herocles only taunted her, circling his hand in one turn. The man smiled to his wife as she rummaged in her purse. He rolled his arm and gave it a little massage. “Hero please! Don’t!”
“You’re not behaving.”
For a moment she thought everything was alright as the couple started walking toward the tour line. Then the man clutched his chest with one hand and braced his fall over the stone roadway with the other. Lina heard his wife begin to shout, and a few others came running to help. She swirled in Herocles’ arm, yanking his face to hers. “Okay! I’ll behave! Just please, don’t hurt anyone else!” He was ignoring her and concentrating on the man. “Hero!” Like a zipping sound in the air, his focus left the ailing man and fell on Lina. She watched as the gentleman shook his head a bit, and then he asked that someone help him up. His wife was left nearly in tears even as he reassured her, he was fine.
“That was close,” said Herocles. “Your willfulness only makes this game more tantalizing.” His eyes turned stormy again.
Lina kneed him in the groin and Herocles, anticipating the move, bent with her, laughing. He feigned a sickening pout. “Now that wasn’t called for,” he said, carefully drawing his hand to her cheek covertly wiping the blood elsewhere. “If you saw what this lad carried in these pants I’m wearing, you may behave otherwise. You may even enjoy it.”
“Shut up! You make me sick!” Her lips were swollen and a little black from his blood. Hero frowned at the upset her actions were causing. He took out a handkerchief from his lapel and dabbed her face. “In any case, you will upset my plans.”
“What might those be? Kill a few more innocent people? How about her, or him?!” Lina pointed at a couple in their early twenties who hurried away from the intimidated duo. Hero slapped her hand down, and politely saluted the humans.
“Actually, I was thinking ice cream, and a stroll through the poppies. I do so love the color, red. Don’t you?”
“I don’t want ice-cream, and as for the monument...”
“Yes?”
“You will not set one black toe on it”
“Why not?”
“Because if you do I will end you.”
“So combative love.”
“Call me that again and I’ll take that Roman nose clear from your face!”
“That would be very, inconvenient for me.”
“Why don’t you save me the trouble and shift into your real form now. I’m sure no one would care in the least what I am once they see you. They’ll be all for my dispatching you, and near Tower Hill, how appropriate!”
He gave her a grumpy look. “Chocolate, or Vanilla.”
“Blood, yours,” she snapped. “In a barrel will be fine, thank you.”
“Very well,” he said, grabbing her wrist and forcing her to his side while he walked them to a parlor around the corner. Hero wasn’t taking any chances with her just as she wasn’t of him. He aimed to keep her captive and she had to allow it, because the spot he’d chosen to meet her was so crowded. He wanted something else, otherwise they would have met in an abandoned field, or the mountains for that matter, a place where no humans would set foot and they could execute one another in peace. Herocles approached the counter. The boy at the register was shifty the moment he looked at her company.
“One chocolate.”
“Cone or cup sir?”
Herocles looked at Lina for approval and she stomped on his pricy shoe. Hero laughed and cleared his throat. “Surprise us.” He made the exchange a moment later and told the boy to “keep it.” Despite the kid calling after them and nearly having a heart attack himself, they disappeared. Hero practically shoved Lina through the crowds in order to make their way into the first part of the castle. He told her quietly that he didn’t care for guided tours and would show her the sights himself. A guard asked him to be rid of his treat before he continued but Hero wouldn’t hear of it. When the gentleman gained a co-worker to enforce the rule, Herocles abruptly turned to them, opened his mouth, and waited. Lina heard a sound like static, and then the guards’ vision went out of focus. They turned around and headed in the opposite direction.
“What did you do?”
Herocles licked his ice-cream. He grinned and pointed it at her mouth. Lina shook her head. “Suit yourself, but you’re missing out.”
“Did you hurt them? Am I going to have to track them home tonight so they don’t die in their sleep?”
“Now that would be fun! It’s been ages since I’ve seen you at work.”
“Wait for it,” she advised.
“Oh I am, on pins and needles.”
She shoved him hard to be rid of him but he held her tighter. “Do what you want! What do I care?!”
“You care, you care a great deal for these decadent animals. It fascinates me.”
“What do you want?” Lina asked as he practically shoved her up the drafty staircase.
“You’re a smart girl. Don’t ask questions that you already know the answer to.”
Lina gaped at him and she felt quickly for the stone wall behind her. She pressed her back to it. Herocles boomed with laughter and continued eating his ice-cream. “Let’s just finish this now. Either you’re going to kill me, un-likely, or I’m going to kill you,” Lina grinned, “very likely.”
“Slow build of death, remember?” He licked chocolate from his lips.
“I don’t have time for this!”
“On the contrary!” he boomed. “You and I have all the time in the world. It’s the sheep who stalk death. You and I only watch them for sport. In the end, when the whole kitten goes up in flames,” he said, gesturing between he and her, “it’ll be us two, all alone at last, to ponder the universe.”
“You’re obviously not ready for me. I’ll be getting back now.” Lina turned from Hero and took three steps before he forced her to stop. His power made her turn back to him. “Careful Herocles. You don’t want me using my power, not like this.”
“No one is here, at the moment,” he dared her.
“They will be before long,” she reminded him.
“Behave then, and keep to your promise.”
“What promise was that?”
“Lina,” he cooed.
“Demon,” she coolly retorted.
“I am working very hard to give you as many chances as I can, but you are pushing me.”
“Stop giving me chances. Come at me with arms, that way I can say I fairly, and sportsman-like, took your head.”
He gazed at her, almost in awe. “You would have made a formidable Spartan.” He drew a step closer, holding her with his power. “Like, Arachidamia.”
“Maybe, but in this life, your executioner.”
“I’m going to extend my hand, and then you are going to walk up to me and take it.”
Lina gave him a measured glance, rolled her eyes, and turned from him laughing. “You were very convincing as Anchille, truly. Could I make a suggestion for any future attempts to disguise yourself as someone I love?” She felt Herocles’ shrink at the word. “Don’t have the voices of your many kills screaming into the phone behind you!” She could hear them all right where she stood too, their suffering, their shrill souls reaching for her, the beacon.
Herocles made a motion until voices below began filing upwards towards them. He smiled but inside he was livid. “Another time,” he suggested.
Lina glared at him. She crossed the steps so that she was right in his face, then let her power swell despite its taxation on her body. She released her fangs in full, and felt the ripple of blood roll through her white eyes. She leaned in close to his face without fear. “When we meet next, one of us is going to die. I assure you, it won’t be me.”
“Don’t you mean, us?” he ran a folded index along her midsection. “You’re so certain.”
“I couldn’t be more so,” Lina informed him, knocking his finger away. A woman in her thirties, and wearing a museum badge, led a group of tourists up the stairwell. In an effort to remain affable to the humans Lina slipped her arm through his, then allowed her phase to retract. “You may want to put that behind your back,” she suggested of Herocles’ frozen contraband. She smiled when he obeyed. She hoped the chocolate found its way to his thousand dollar suit leg.
The tour climbed higher, listening to their guide and also shuffling their feet over the stone steps. It wasn’t the well’s narrowness that was making them anxious but the odd couple watching them pass. Once they were out of ear shot Herocles began descending. This time he wasn’t trying to drag or force Lina. She took the opportunity to send him a clear message. Lina pictured the way she would kill him. She directed this thought for his benefit. In her mind they stood in a pool of blood. In one hand she held Herocles, in the other, his soul. Beyond the lake Ammut waited, her mouth growing wide as the sea in order to take Hero, this time for good. Lina smiled at him in her mind, at his insurmountable fear.
“You forget,” he objected.
“Enlighten me.”
“If you take me that far, we both go into that darkness, together.”
“We’ll see.”


40. Opening the Way
Lina took her time leaving the Tower. She couldn’t feel or smell Herocles and she knew he was gone for the time being. She had no idea if she’d scared him or not. He was so full of deceit, maybe it wasn’t even possible to stir him into error. In any case, she meant what she told him. The clock was ticking, and if she had succeeded in riling him, even a little, he was about to do something even more drastic. She needed to get back to the flat, gather the scanty band of allies she had, and do everything in her power to further bolster their side. If all-out war was what Herocles wanted, she’d give it to him, and then some. Lina was about to take the side street which led back to the docks, but her back gave out and she tumbled to the sidewalk. Her knees broke the fall.
“Ah! Oh, my, oh!” she exhaled, holding the brick building next to her with one hand and her belly with the other. “Not here, not here,” she said, biting through the pain. She tried to focus her vision ahead, quickly mapping a route to the nearest portal. She couldn’t travel safely out in the open like this, not anymore. She had to go below ground. Before she completely fell apart Will and Jaime were there, supporting her. Lina looked up in surprise. “Will.!”
“It’s alright, we’re here,” he said, drawing her up so they could make it to the nearest alley. Lina cried, not because she was in pain, not because she’d run into Herocles’ trap, but because something felt horribly wrong inside her.
“The babies,” she wept. “The babies Will!”
“Look!” Jaime pointed to two cloaked figures across the busy intersection.
“It’s only Anchille,” said Will in relief. Lina hurled herself in the other direction, even though Will and Jaime had her beneath the arms.
“It’s not him! It’s Herocles!”
“Lina, Herocles is gone. He’s gone, he vanished the second he stepped outside. We saw him.”
“No! NO!”
“Lina, shh, it’s okay. It’s Ahkmenotep and Anchille. They called an hour after you left us. Herocles must have known they were coming.”
“Son of a bitch! He’s either listening to her thoughts or he’s really friggen lucky!” Jaime growled. “We should have gotten him right then Will.”
“We couldn’t risk him hurting Lina. Let’s get across the street. We need to get out of sight.” Once they were beyond the roadway and tucked between two large buildings Anchille took down his cloak. Ahkmenotep did the same and carefully took Lina in his hands. He felt her forehead which was full of sweat. He smelled her wrists.
“She needs blood.”
“That bastard!” Jaime roared, backing away like he would find Herocles on foot.
Will grabbed his arm. “We can’t go after him, not like this.” Ahkmen lifted Lina’s lids, pulled up her lips and examined her gums. Her fangs were stuck in a partial phase. His brows furrowed and he looked to Anchille who was torn, between what duty compelled him to do, and what his heart wanted. William and Jaime deserved to know the truth, right then. The longer he delayed in telling them, the worse it was going to be.
“Anchille,” said Ahkmenotep. His gaze was stern, clinical. “It’s happening.”
“Support her head,” Anchille told Will softly, barely looking at him.
Ahkmenotep spoke to Lina. “Darling, can you hear me?”
She only moaned in response.
“Open your eyes,” he told her, determined to make contact.
“Come one Lina, you can do it, open your eyes baby please,” Jaime begged from the side. Ahkmen drew in a sharp breath when she marginally obeyed. He turned to Anchille who was holding his fist to his mouth in expectation. He shook his head, like he couldn’t do it.
“Ahkmen?” Jaime grabbed the man’s arm forcefully. “What’s happening?!” When neither Anchille nor the professor answered him, Jaime seized hold of Lina. “Wake up do you hear me?! It’s too soon! Open your damn eyes Lina!” Will let go of her, and allowed Ahkmenotep to brace Lina’s frail body. He backed away, shaking his head.
“Her pulse is so faint, can you hear it? Is that, our sons’ or is that, hers. I can’t tell anymore.”
“William, we need to get her away from here, as quickly as possible. I can’t do it alone.”
Will came around to Anchille, still watching Lina’s pale face in horror. “What can I do?”
“We must help to deliver them. She can’t do it on her own. In order to assist, we need to get within the protective walls of council. Going to Cumbria is out of the question. We’ll have to help her ourselves.”
Anchille glanced at Ahkmen who comforted Jaime while Will and he took hold of Lina. She was murmuring softly to herself, fading in and out of a swoon. Will worked to keep his composure, though inside he was screaming. He wiped her forehead and kept it close to his body as they moved as fast as they could to the next adjoining street. Ahkmen delivered comforting words to Jaime while mentally directing Anchille to find the door beyond a set of metal trash bins. The wind swirled cardboard and other debris about as they rounded to the portal.
“Open it Anchille. It will take us back to the cellar below council headquarters. She can’t move that quickly and we don’t want to push her. I pray we make it in time.”
“Jezus!” Jaime cursed, taking up the rear as they headed down an set of stairs beyond the city door. “Herocles probably knew. He could’ve killed her, so easily.”
“I know!” Will shouted. He softened, pleading with Jaime to stay in control. “Get the door.”
Jaime grabbed a weathered board that was propped there and probably had been used countless times by others to secure them from the outside world. He fit it snuggly beneath the handle and then took the stairs himself.
Lina continued moaning, her head lobbing forward and Will kept bringing it back gently to his chest. “Hold on,” he ordered her. It was taking all his strength not to fall apart. He had to be strong for her, and for Jaime, who he knew was quickly unraveling, and would soon do much worse. “Lina,” he whispered over her, aiming only for her to hear. “One day we will let each other go, but I’m telling you, today is not that day.”
“Hurry, this way. The next track leads to the under tunnels. We’ll take that to the city center. We should be beneath headquarters in twenty minutes, faster, if one of you carries her.”
Will stopped. He spoke gently to her. “Everything’s going to be okay. I’m just gonna carry you for a little while. You’re so weak,” he bit back a tear. “So come on, up you go.” He wound his forearm under her backside, cupping it at her knees, he lifted her as near to his face as he could. Ahkmen saw that he was ready and turned to move quicker. They raced along the abandoned tracks in a great blaze. They made it to the next opening that would take them even deeper, and on to the bowels of the coven’s council building. Will was worried that there may still be lingering authorities snooping around but Anchille assured them, the place was closed off and abandoned after their departure. Only rubble existed behind the police tape.

“Uh, I think we’re close Will. I can smell it, the bodies.”
Anchille and Ahkmenotep moved ahead. They held the other three back a moment, in order to be certain they were alone. When they knew the coast was clear they signaled for Will to bring Lina inside. He carried her effortlessly into the repository room. Ahkmen sealed them in with a spell similar to the one he performed for the covens in Cumbria. He instructed Anchille to search for any supplies, towels, and blankets. He pointed to a set of embellished wooden cabinets across the work room. Jaime cleared three tables and pushed them together. It wasn’t suitable, not at all.
“It’s the best we can do,” said Anchille, when he saw Jaime fretting. “Here, lay these down,” he instructed. Ahkmenotep watched as they placed Lina lengthwise on the make-shift bed. Jaime scowered the room for a pillow and found two on a black sofa near the entrance to the upstairs arena. They were satin, and a little cold, but all he could offer her.
“I found these,” he said softly, handing them to Anchille.
“Thank you.” He placed one at her back and one beneath her head. “Is that it?” he asked Ahkmenotep who was busy throwing papers and manuals from an iron safe. “What are you looking for?”
“Something for her to bite down on.”
They all began scanning the room, and were at a loss until Jaime zeroed in on a table filled with Egyptian artifacts, small statues, and a wooden box the perfect size to hold a dagger. Will gestured for him to retrieve the box. Sure enough inside was a knife, wrought in gold, and about ten inches. He handed it to Will who gave it to Anchille. He examined the hieroglyphs etched into its handle before placing it near her head.
“That’ll bust her teeth,” Jaime remarked. “Think she’s better off biting down on one of us.”
Ahkmen gave him the widest eyed expression. “It’s your choice son, but you may permanently lose whatever she sinks those long fangs into.”
Jaime thought about that. “Knife works.”
“Now what?” asked Will. He couldn’t help but pace.
“We wait,” said Ahkmen, watching Lina. His eyes were glowing silver with each depression of her chest. Amazing that so small a being contained so enormous a secret. He wanted to tell Will and Jaime everything that he and Anchille had learned from the Oracles. He wanted them to know what was coming, and what was at stake. It wouldn’t prepare them, but at least, he and Anchille would no longer carry the burden alone. Hard as he tried he could not force the words to come from his lips. As each of them watched Lina’s breathing grow more labored, he reached in his mind for Anchille.
It’s time, he sent.
No, it’s too early. We must wait Ahkmen. We don’t know how this works.
She will guide us, he told him.
She doesn’t know, he said in reply. We didn’t get to her in time.
Lina will remember, in that moment, he swallowed, she will remember.
I can’t stand to look at them Ahkmenotep. I can’t.
Nor I my king, but this is how it must go. We cannot hope to defeat Herocles until she decides and right now she is floating, somewhere between life, her human one, and her immortal one. She’s making the journey, without any help from us. At the precipice of delivery, Lina will decide her next step.
Embrace her truest form in order to restore the balance, Anchille supposed.
Or deny it for love, and risk the lives of billions.
Jaime and Will stayed near Lina, each by her side, and holding her hands. Jaime swept hair from her neck, and Will massaged her arm, in an effort to keep her warm. He leaned down to talk to her.
“I made a promise to you once, long ago. I’m sure you don’t remember, you were seven, or, maybe you do remember.” Will stifled the extreme burn in his jaw. “It was the summer you stayed in Louisiana. Linora had forbid you from playing near the marshes, something you seemed to always want to do. She knew it’d only take a second for an alligator to get a hold of you, but you didn’t heed the warning. You took that dirt road behind Bordeaux House down to Hope Creek. See,” he laughed while stroking her fingers, “you were stubborn, even then. You were also very brave. No one knew like I did, how the natural world always embraced you. You were fearless, calling out to me with your bossy little voice, unfazed by my true form. I came out, and you smiled. You asked me if I was your wolf guardian.” Will pinched the moisture at his nose and his voice cracked. Jaime, Anchille, and Ahkmen sat quietly, listening to Will somberly. “I said, ‘Yes ma’am.’” Will smiled at the memory. “You told me that you loved me and you didn’t ever want me to go away. I swore to you that I never would. I meant it then, and I mean it now.” Will leaned even closer to Lina’s ear. He kissed her. “I won’t ever leave you.”


41. Falling
“Mom?”
Lina woke up to the sun shining right in her bedroom window. She cupped her hand over her eye; squinting, she hobbled to the dark blue curtain and raked it shut. “Jeez! What time is it?” She shuffled to her desk and pulled out the swivel chair and sat down. Lina rubbed sleep from her eyes and face, then ran her fingers through her hair. In front of her was her computer. Aside from it sat her school books, two pens, a small silver flute vase with purple flowers in it, and a tube of lipstick. She looked at everything queerly and slid the make up toward her. It fell to the carpeted floor at her feet. Lina got up with a start.
“Mom?!” she called louder this time. The house was so quiet. Her hair stood up on her arms and Lina ran for her bedroom door. “What is going on?!” She took the stairs three at a time and dashed into the kitchen. It was clean. All the dishes were put away, the pans hung crisp and shining over the island. The stools were pushed in neatly. Even the mat at the patio door was straight. It was never like that, the dogs always laid on it and messed it up. She walked to the glass and peered into the backyard. “Wood deck, roses and hydrangea, bushes, oak tree, and a fountain,” said Lina. “It’s all here.” She shrugged and walked to the living room. “Hello?” Lina sat on the couch in front of the fireplace. “No dogs, no parents.” What was happening?
She sat a few more minutes until something inside her gave a sharp pinch. “Ou!” Lina stood up and began rubbing her side. It wasn’t really in her side, but in the low part of her back. “Cramps, wonderful!” She was about to walk back upstairs to her bathroom until she heard a knocking outside. Lina headed for her front door. The sun was still making his big display and she shielded her face to find the source of noise. Across the wraparound drive, and standing next to their front waterfall was Jaime. He was shirtless in a pair of khakis, and hoisting an ax above his head; a tantalizing sight, until she realized he was about to destroy the sublime architecture.
“Hey! Stop! What are you doing?” she screamed at him and started running. When she got to him he looked down at her and smiled, dropping the ax at his bare feet. Jaime was full of sweat. He pulled her into him, giving her a hard kiss. “Hi,” she said when he pulled away. He didn’t say anything, just kept smiling. Lina gestured for the fountain that was much larger than she remembered. “What are you doing to this?”
“I’m tearing it down.”
She was confused. “But, why?”
“I don’t like being reminded.”
“Reminded?”
Jaime grimaced. “I hate it.”
“How could you hate something so lovely,” she argued, looking at the towering sculpture, with the wide eyed cherubs holding their flutes. Their wings were small at their little shoulders, and their cheeks were chubby and sweet. Lina smiled at them. They made her feel so happy. Jaime disagreed.
“It’s a lie. It’s all a lie.” He bent to retrieve the end of his tool.
“What is?” Lina asked.
“Them! They don’t exist.”
“Angels?”
He stared down at her with the most desperate gaze. “You best get back.”
Jaime swirled , and Lina tried to stop him, to grab his arm but it was too late. The ax crashed against the granite. She covered her face just in time as large pieces went flying through the yard. She screamed at him to stop, but he kept going. Three more strikes and all that was left were the shattered remnants of the angels, a broken bubbling set of hoses and a pool of water at their feet. Lina dropped to her knees and reached slowly for a single cherubic face. They were just children, beautiful, innocent. Jaime knelt down to her and took up a set of broken wings. She was half shrieking as the face turned to dust in her fingers. She couldn’t save them and for some reason that broke her heart. She was devastated. Jaime gave her a pained look and dropped the remains at his feet.
“They never existed.” He walked away from her down the driveway.

Lina shot up in bed, screaming. She didn’t know where she was, what day it was, what time it was; she knew nothing, only that something was very wrong. She called out for her mother again and got no response. She yelled for Jaime but he’d disappeared as well. It was pitch black and Lina fumbled in the darkness, trying to find a switch. As she moved in the direction she thought was her bedroom wall, a small light, like a flame flickered ahead of her. She was afraid but she couldn’t stop her feet from going forward. Another excruciating cramp sent her sailing back, doubling her over her thighs. This one was so painful she thought she might throw up, but Lina tried to breathe through it, one, two, three...
“Okay feet, let’s get to that light. We make it to the light, and maybe, we’ll figure this out, ouch.” Lina struggled to stand in an upright position; her belly was hurting so bad, but she forced herself to go. The little flame was dancing exotically, back and forth amid the blackness. The closer she got it began to turn blue, the most ethereal blue she’d ever seen. Lina got within three feet of the strange illumination and stopped. She was pressing her stomach with her left hand so she reached for the flame with her right. It flickered away from her, but when she lowered her fingers it came back.
“What are you?” she asked.
Lina was starting to feel so tired. The pains she was having were really knocking the wind out of her. The blue flame spun around her then, in one full evolution. When finished it ended up right before her nose. She leaned away from it until there was sufficient space. The flame hung more still, its glow beginning to expand and reach farther and farther around them into the abyss. Lina was able to see an endless boundary filled with what looked like other blue orbs or stars.
“Oh my goodness.” She was enraptured as the display swirled around her, through her hair, between her arms, over her hands, and along her feet. She marveled at their adularescence, unaware that another spasm of pain was imminent. This one would send her sailing, into that mysterious darkness. She screamed out in pain, her nails dug into her back. Lina fell for what seemed like years, not knowing if anyone or anything would ever catch her.

When she finally made contact it was on a bed of white satin. She didn’t land into it, just seemed to open her eyes there. Lina lay, surrounded by millions of fragrant flowers. Three hundred and sixty degrees covered in white: lilies, magnolias, mignonettes, gardenias, and lilac. There were hybrids she couldn’t place. She inhaled the bowery as she reached for the pool around her bed. It was filled with the clearest water and floating lotus flowers. Her lacy sleeve dipped in to touch it. Her eye line followed up her arm and around her midsection. She was dressed in a peasant-like white gown. It was soft as a baby’s skin, and was so warm. She felt warm all over, and good. She wanted to get down in order to reach the petals, but didn’t want to put her nightgown in the water. Lina looked around for any way across, a bridge, a boat, anything. That’s when a figure approached from across the pool. Through the mist a woman came, her bare feet adorned in jewels and gold, walked on top of the water. She stopped in the middle of the mist. Her black hair flowed about her though Lina couldn’t detect even a hint of wind. She narrowed her vision to see the woman’s face better and realized it was Isis.
“Wait!” Lina cried out to her when she began turning around. Lina put a toe in the pool but her feet wouldn’t stay afloat as Isis’ had. “Please, wait for me!” she shouted. As soon as her mind envisioned it, grass and rolling hills a shade of green which had no name appeared. It swallowed up the lake and the lotus flowers. Lina left the bed and walked through the silent meadow still calling for Isis, but like Jaime, she was gone too. Lina drew her attention to the lush landscape. She wondered why with so many delicious nectar filled flowers, there weren’t any bugs. Where were the bees, and butterflies, and all the hungry little insects?
A daring dragonfly whizzed past her head, its blue green body shimmery in the summer’s light. Friends of his circled Lina in greeting before flying to catch up. Then came the butterflies, with their exotic wing patterns and rhythmic delicate buzzing. They were followed by an assortment of bees, each seeking its own happy host, ready to slip in their fashioned straws to draw out the sweetness from those stunning flowers. Lina walked lightly through the trail, not wanting to disrupt the cycle taking place. Her mind continued to envision all types of life that should live in this Utopia, and as she did more visitors came: foxes, deer, rabbits, wolves. Lina turned to her right when a rustling came from the surrounding trees and growing mountains. It was a bear, and beyond him, bending near the stream, a moose, with its great antlers wide as her whole body. She didn’t know where she was, or if she was dreaming, but this was the most serene she’d felt in a long time. In her heart she could remember darkness, and below that, even deeper, she could feel the residual emptiness of pain. Lina could almost forget it in this paradise. She wanted to stay forever and never go back to the place inside her that was crying. The animals grew in number and the landscape continued to build. Its speed began to make Lina feel anxious.
“Don’t,” she pleaded. “Stay this way, don’t change.”
But Nirvana wouldn’t listen, it just kept getting bigger and bigger. Pyramids rose high into the Heavens and then skyscrapers, monuments, and hundreds of other brick and mortar institutions rose around her. It made Lina feel small, so small in this big world. She heard the sounds of steam engines, railcars, plane propellers, and the forging of iron and oil. She heard the shrill sound of industry, the breaking of ground, and the displacement of all that was natural and pure. For every life giving tree that sprung from the soil, ten thousand more fell at her feet as those industrious elements slowly took hold of the fertile land. In its mighty wake, the wail of a million voices filled her head, as more and more of that inner sphere, that place of peace disappeared. She covered her ears but still couldn’t silence the screaming of those voices, the stench of death, or the anguish of those first beings in her mind. She wanted things to stop. She wished hard with her eyes closed that everything would just, stop.
And then it did.


42. Waking
Lina inhaled but could smell no flowers. She listened hard but could hear no buzzing. She was left in frightening silence. Everything had disappeared, the beauty, and the chaos. She realized that there was no way to experience paradise, without hell. One could not exist without the other, no matter how much she wanted it. The drop of her heart felt like the fall of a thousand stories all over again.
“Why is this happening to me?” she cried out to the nothingness. “Why am I here?” Lina started running despite being blind. She ran and ran and ran till she could run no more, and then she dropped to the ground, wailing. “Why show me this?!”
Lina laid down on the empty surface, with her legs tucked fetal position against her body. She put her cheek over the back of her hand on the floor and closed her eyes. A tear fell as she sung quietly to herself. Hours could have been passing, days even. In this world, she had no concept of time.

All around Lina began to hear a vast sea of voices and soon they had forms which moved. As they arranged themselves in a close circle around her, Lina got to her feet. Everything began to look more and more bright and blue. The darkness she’d found so paralyzing was fading, and in its absence was an ever expanding alien world. It was a world void of the beauty she’d preciously seen, but it was also free of the madness. Everyone was talking at the same time, not real words per se but some form of communication. She struggled at first to understand even one of the dialects, there were so many. Finally she picked out a select group. They were banded together, center of the crowd. They had no faces. They were only these mellifluous arctic blue forms which stood seven feet and were very thin. She couldn’t even decipher true sex, and wondered if they were simply energy or, a collective consciousness. Lina watched them carefully, uncertain of their intent. She had a question in her mind but didn’t dare utter the words aloud. The unknown answer scared her.
A voice finally spoke, but not directly to her. It was speaking to the gathered mass. “Annitu! anu anshar! (Behold! The most Heavenly one!)
“I must be dreaming,” Lina said, glancing around to these beings who were watching her. They continued a steady murmur of speech or prayer. Her question burned behind her eyes, but she was so afraid to know the truth. Her arms were cold, her heart wasn’t beating, and she could almost hear her own soul outside herself, like her body was detaching from it. Or maybe she was her soul, and her body was a million miles away. As if they were in her thoughts the speaker answered.
“Za-e ah nam mitu.” (You are not dead.)
Lina focused on the speaker. It moved out from the circle, and the collective wished to move with it, but it held them at bay. Lina shivered in fear, but she tried to hold her ground. The being, once separated, began to develop a few features, an oblong head with wide set almond shaped cavities where eyes should be, an angular jawline, and lanky arms and legs. It was waiting for her. She wasn’t ready to accept that she wasn’t dead, no matter what the being told her. If this place wasn’t death, what was it?
“Where am I?”
“Ah apsu.” (The beginning) The being had a tiny line for a mouth. It didn’t move at all when it spoke. Lina realized she was inside their collective, communicating as they were, with her mind. She brought her hand to her lips, feeling as she answered, wanting to use her body as it was intended. She was fighting to keep it, because deep down she knew, it was going away.
“Beginning?” The mass made a joint decision behind the closest being, and Lina felt her mouth move a full five seconds after she spoke. They were trying to accommodate her. It was worse than poorly executed dubbing in movies, but the feeble act was still a triumph. She asked again, and this time her lips matched her words. Ah, she exhaled, success! “What is this the beginning of?”
“Sihirtu.”
“All, everything,” said Lina, shaking her head. Their dialect she could understand, but the meaning was unclear. The being came closer and it seemed more male, at least in its stance. It leaned its face down to hers and she inadvertently backed onto her heel in fear.
“Za-e a apsu.” It blinked at her with its huge gaping eyes.
“I’m...I’m the beginning?” Everyone was still whispering at the same time, and it was so distracting she could hardly stand it. She wanted quiet and soon cried out to the group behind him, “Ana sepiya!”
Lina inhaled sharply, feeling she had, had no control over the words that came from her mouth. The beings were brought up short. They lowered to the ground in a single formation, and she watched as they brought their heads to the invisible floor. They were bowing, at her feet? The one before her was still standing and it opened its arms. It spoke as though it aimed only to address the obedient congregation.
“Illikum ah mul.” (The celestial body has come) The being lifted an arm-like shape in her direction. The mass temporarily raised their heads to see and then they lowered them again, in observance.
“I’m not, I don’t know why you keep saying things like that,” Lina told the being. He only blinked at her again, as though he was the one who didn’t understand. “Never mind,” said Lina, clapping her hands together. She began pacing in small circles, trying to remember her last hours. Was she nuts? By all accounts she felt dead. They told her she wasn’t, but maybe that’s what all dead people told each other once they reached the other side. Maybe that’s why there were always so many ghost sightings, because no one could fathom actually leaving their bodies. It was too debilitating to accept, hence, they all became each other’s post mortem yes men. Lina gave a little laugh.
“Are you dead?” she asked him. He reared back, cocking his head. She thought she detected something in the way of a smile, like, amusement. “Guess not.” The being watched her with that same blank expression. She frowned at him and kept circling like a dog. Maybe everything had been a dream? Maybe her whole life, all of it, her childhood, her mom and dad, school, Chicago, London, Will, and Jaime, all of it had been a dream. If it hadn’t been a dream, then maybe she’d gone into labor, and had died. Again she tried remembering her last moments. She scrambled to retrace those steps, to find any clue inside herself that would let her know what happened, or at least if her babies survived. The being was about to speak again and so she stopped moving and prepared to listen.
“Amelserru,” he said, pointing to her right, where two more figures were approaching. Lina knew he’d said children. She knew he understood her private thoughts and now she was terrified. With tapered eyes she watched as the small beings moved in, and then she was able to make out their faces, which were far more defined and human in nature than the others. One was dark haired with eyes like the sun, the other blond and blue. Their tan skin was like satin, almost iridescent against the backdrop. They were no more than five and as they drew nearer, peered down at Lina with such innocence. The unmistakable similarities between them, and the memory of Will and Jaime gnawed at her insides despite her trying to deny the evidence. A slow build of sound was growing inside her even as she fought against it. Lina swallowed as if a noose were tightening around her throat. Tiny white wings sprung from their backs and thrashed to and fro and then Lina let out a bloodcurdling scream.


43. Reveal
Lina didn’t know how long she’d been laying but she woke in a pool of her own tears. There was so much water it felt like she’d cried a tidal wave. At first she thought she was alone, until a small warm hand cupped her forearm. Lina wiped her eyes and looked up. Her dark-haired son was staring at her. He was smiling. It was gut-wrenching, seeing her children five years into a future, she now knew they would never have.
“What have I done to you?” she asked, beginning to sob. The angelic boy came in closer to her. He brought his wings in and around her face, caressing her cheeks where fresh tears had fallen. The two of them pressed their heads together. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry for failing you.”
“Vie ne ni uspevaat maJka, ke ne spasi,” he said in Macedonian.
Lina gripped his round cheeks in her hands. “How can you say I saved you, when this is where the three of us are?”
He looked around, first at his brother who floated above them, and then to the being who’d first spoken, and lastly to the mass that had bowed at Lina’s feet. Her son turned to her. “Ja sakam vasata kuka, mama.”
Lina watched the delight in his eyes, and then she looked at her other son, who seemed to share his sibling’s sentiment. She couldn’t believe they were happy. She wasn’t ready to accept their fate, let alone release herself from the responsibility. “I’m glad you love my house, as you call it, but this isn’t your mother’s house. This isn’t your home,” she told them, her lip quivering. “Oh, my babies,” Lina faltered, bringing her hand to her nose to wipe, “you don’t belong here.”
“They’re here because you are.”
Lina wiped her eyes, grabbed her boy, and stood up fast. She glanced up at her other child and reached her hand for him to quickly come to her. He flew down, tucking himself beneath her other arm. She felt the brush of their chilly wings against her skin and it made her cold momentarily. As soon as the three of them locked together, the coolness dissipated and all she felt was warmth. All she felt, was safe. No matter where they were, or who they came across, or how she may have failed them in life, she would protect them in death. From their harbor the children watched as new beings approached. Through the throng of those in prayer, came a line of gods and goddesses. At the head were the Ennead, and behind them, hundreds more, representing all different pantheons. It was a sight to behold but Lina only held her sons tighter out of fear. As Atum and his children made their way, Lina observed those that had come to her in Necros. She counted eight, knowing that, including Isis, there should be nine, but as far as she could tell, Isis was absent. This still worried her. Shu, Nut, Nephthys, Geb, Osiris, Tefnut and Set, moved in, with their father beside them. Set, the former god of war stood at the end, far right. Like his brothers, he wore an embroidered cloth around his waist and his red-stained skin was tattooed with the markings of his own battles, those with Osiris and his child, and sister wife Isis. He also bore the marks of his previous lives, ones where he waged war against his family, joining forces with enemies like those of Syria, who had at one time nearly defeated Isis in Achaia. Lina brought her eyes to his face. He wore a distinct mask, symbolic of a serpent and a wolf: the damned and the chosen. Set acknowledged Lina mildly before reaching his hand to his father. Atum took it proudly, before releasing his son to Nephthys. The goddess, holding a silver ankh in one hand and her husband Set in the other, bowed to Lina before they stepped aside to make room for another. Lina peered down at her sons before looking ahead. Her heart skipped when Isis made her way beyond the sheen of blue. It was like she had stepped through a wall, one which divided this new realm with their shattered Utopia. Lina’s children twittered in her arms, excited to see the goddess of fertility. Isis and Atum shared a brief exchange before she joined her siblings and her former mate Osiris. She was dressed in a thin sheath of gold which hugged her body. Atop her head was her moonlit crown, and at her neck, the most beautiful jewels of Egypt, each one symbolizing the colors of the gods and goddesses who served her. Like Nephthys her sister, she carried the ankh. She was radiant, they all were, and their magic permeated around them, swirling and mixing within the blue sphere, like solar flares. Each of those flares in turn made great sweeps to the center where Atum stood. He was just as she’d remembered him the night he saved Will and Jaime: tall, chestnut haired with matching skin and eyes. There was the same devotion in them, which she’d never really understood, but had always been grateful for.
Atum, clasping his hands before him, walked to Lina and to her surprise, bowed his head. It felt wrong. She was the one who should lower to his feet. Atum raised enough to meet her gaze and said, “Ilu.”
Lina was stunned, and pleaded in a somber tone, “Please, tell me why you keep calling me that? I don’t understand.”
Atum reached a thick weathered hand to Lina’s face. He spoke in English. “You are magnificent. How long I’ve awaited your return,” he told her. Lina faltered in his grasp, but he held her up. “Ages have passed since you left us. Only moments ago you began your ascent back to the Heavens which you created. We are joyous.”
“What am I doing here?” she whimpered, trying to stay calm, and hold her sons close.
“You are fighting, not with your enemy, but with yourself. You have believed your own mind so much, you are no longer awake to your own purpose but asleep, and as such, I, your child am asleep with you.”
“It’s a glorious dream,” said Isis, coming back to his side. “A beautiful world.”
Atum nodded once that he agreed. “You have returned to us, which means you are ready to resume your work. Only...”
“What?”
“You cling to this form.”
“What form?”
“Human.”
Lina jammed her tongue in her teeth before biting down hard. It was painful, and there was the taste of blood, but it wasn’t acidic. She felt where fangs used to be. They were gone too. She couldn’t physically see herself, so she ran her fingers along her body. It was slight, tan, and supple. Lina looked at her hands which were cupping her sons’ backs, trying to decipher if they were actually real. Isis and Atum watched her patiently, knowing that God was torn, between her true self, and the self she had machinated for earth.
“I am human, or I used to be. I don’t know what I am now,” Lina said sadly.
“You told me you would come. You told our children,” Atum said, reaching behind to point out the celestials listening, “that they would rejoin their twins, and that balance would be restored. We would then receive our salvation. All this would happen, but not before you observed mankind through one of his vessels. You created, her life.”
“WHO’S LIFE?!” Lina roared. Atum cowered in the wake of the terrible noise her booming voice caused. It reverberated off the far distant mountains of Aaru. When it ceased he lowered his hands.
“Lina’s,” Atum answered.
“I am Lina!”
Isis shook her head in disagreement. “You are God, and therefore Lina is you. The entities aren’t separate. You allowed her story to unfold, but you, God, the Infinite, were always inside her. You’re still inside her now, as she walks in this realm.”
“Really?” Lina asked, glaring at her. Isis tried not to take her rightful anger to heart. It was part of the revelation, and had to happen. “And how did I get here then?”
“You finally started to let go of this earthly body.”
“And killed my unborn sons in the process?” Lina felt a pinch in her throat as her children snuggled closer. Isis observed the boys mournfully, as if it were agonizing for her to, to even look at them. It worried Lina more and so she held them tighter, crushing their little wings to her body.
“You say you don’t believe who you are?” asked Atum.
“That’s right,” Lina affirmed. “These aren’t my children,” she struck a finger to the mass, “they’re yours.”
Atum glanced behind them to the Ennead, and then to Sek-met and Wepwawet who were fast approaching through the crowd. “They aren’t, but here are more of your progeny.”
“The only thing that matters to me, are these,” Lina said emotionally, gesturing to her infant sons. Atum, like all the beings gathered around, looked so wounded by Lina’s declaration. She didn’t like how it made her feel, which made her lash out. “What?! Why are you looking at us that way?” Isis was about to speak but the words wouldn’t come out. Atum spoke for her.
“The ones you hold do not exist, not outside the human realm.”
Lina became totally infuriated. “If I’m God and I gave you life, I’m certain I can take it away!” she threatened. Lina could feel heat rising inside the well of her. Atum lowered his head mournfully.
“And I would deserve all your retribution. Forgive me. I am only trying to help you, to make the transition less, unbearable.”
“I know what you’re all trying to do!” Lina shrieked. “You’re trying to force me to be something I’m not! You’re trying to take what little piece of happiness I finally found, and toss it into this empty oblivion! I won’t let you, do you hear me! I won’t let you take me from them, any of them!”
“We hear you,” he said. “This is very hard for us too. We are looking into the eyes of our Creator, but we also see a human mother holding onto the last breaths of her humanity. It is beyond cruel,” Atum ended in a whisper. Isis and Sek-met held Lina’s gaze in torment.
“I beg you, I beseech you to let it all go. Let go, as we have,” Isis urged.
“What about Anchille, huh?! What about Khan and Ashmolean, and the covens?”
“I was there for you,” she responded, eyes downcast, “always for you. You called me to earth, and I came.”
“Lies!” Lina boomed. “She,” Lina pointed in the face of Sek-met, “brought you to earth, and made you a monster!”
Isis glanced at Sek-met. “No, it wasn’t her choice.” She turned back to Lina. “It was always yours. She only ever followed your call, as did I. You summoned me, and I did your bidding, dutifully, and without regret. I leave it now.”
Lina blazed with fury. “I can hear you from the inside. I can hear you, still screaming for them. Can’t you see your dear husband Anchille, your sons, can’t you see how they weep over your deathbed. Can’t you feel how it’s ripping you in half, turning your heart inside out?”
Osiris came to Isis’ side. He took her hand in his. When she’d composed herself she spoke. “I have submitted to your will.”
Lina bellowed at her, at all of them. “Well I won’t, not ever,” she charged. “Even if it is my own. I will never let them go!”
“You are Divinity. It is your wish, but then you deny us all salvation. This was your entire purpose for leading a mortal existence, to finally give the world back its humanity. If you turn your head on us now, Herocles will succeed. It won’t only affect earth, but all your worlds.”
“Then I’ll finish what I started. I’ll kill him, and when I’m through I’ll go back to Will and Jaime, and to my sons.”
Atum cringed. “It isn’t that simple. If it was, you would have done so in the beginning. You would have left her body, destroyed Hero, and returned to us here. You haven’t because you became lost along the way.” He said it in a tone that suggested some fault lied with her.
Lina finally calmed and began to show the first real stages of regret. “How else can I fix what I’ve broken?”
“What I’ve broken you mean,” said Atum. Lina inhaled sharply. He watched to see if his admitting guilt would bring her closer to him. She pursed her lips and then her frame slumped a bit. “To kill Hero, the Chaos, you must first acknowledge yourself as Creator.”
Lina looked down at her sons. They smiled up at her. She grinned back at them, knowing there wasn’t a single thing in all the world she wouldn’t do for them. “Done.”
“You must accept death as a natural part of the balance, one which you seek to restore.”
Lina knew he meant letting go of her sons, and of her loves, and of her life on earth. She was to make the ultimate sacrifice, because she was God, and only through her would the world of mortals and immortals alike, find serenity. No matter how much blood they had shed in her name, no matter how many lives had been lost to her cause, and no matter how much misery they had endured because she told them they could bear it, she, God, would invariably brace the totality of the world’s suffering. Her sons, they would endure the suffering. She nodded to them that she accepted this as well.
Lina moved to Isis, still holding her babies. The goddess stared down at her, emotionless. Lina asked for her hand, and she gave it to her. “Are you certain, this is what you want me to do?”
Isis was careful to disguise the flutter in her heart. Lina was positive others heard it too but they didn’t acknowledge it. They only stood arm to arm, in complete stillness. Isis nodded. “Your will be done.”
Lina couldn’t believe that Isis would so easily give up her love for Anchille, her devotion to Ashmolean and Khan. She shivered a second before bringing her and her children back a few steps away from the gods.
“Very well,” said Lina. Atum bowed his head and the divine congregation did the same. “Time for you to go my darlings,” she told her babies. They fluttered like those precious butterflies next to her and a single tear rolled down her cheek. Closing her eyes, Lina released her sons into the atmosphere. They flew in a circle above her head.
The blue sheen evaporated like fast running water down a drain. The gods followed it, their faces serene even as the falls were about to swallow them up. The angels above flapped their giant wings, each one smiling at Her as they allowed the surge to take them too. And then She turned to the little angels. She smiled to them and with a gentle wave of her hand, they disappeared, leaving only a bit of sparkly dust in their midst.
God was left in darkness, with only a single glowing sphere of light, no bigger than a bulb. For a moment she reached for the light, contemplating turning it off for good. It would be so much simpler, to leave the blackness, the shroud. It was lonely, it was colorless, but, it was also free of evil. She watched the sphere, fascinated at how it tempted her. Was there even a point in creation? Wasn’t it terribly selfish for her to mold beings out of boredom? That was what had caused all the chaos, her rash behavior. Fashioning from her mighty hands the beings of the universe, and never once stopping to assess how that would pan out. Create them in your image and you run the risk of them trying to usurp your infinite law, or worse, destroy everyone and everything in their path. All were guilty, and she, the most at fault.


44. The Greatest Gift
Out of the corner of the blackness Source began to see life. She knew everything was gone, that all had been swallowed up, and that these were only residual memories, but she wanted so much to hear. In the distance her magnificently bright sun shone over the Elysian Fields, bathing each reed in shimmery gold. The heat felt so reassuring that her inhibition lowered, and with it stones erupted beneath the ground, showing caverns of sparkling geodes and crystal clear waters.
“No, do not! I didn’t decide.”
Source closed off to the collective in order to draw nearer to the living, on the other side of the veil. Like a picture show, the figures continued to move with one another and Source noticed their inner conversation was strained, almost, violent. She grew more curious and stepped through the mirror. There were five, four which worked around the fifth whose lifeless body lie on a bed made of wooden tables. There was blood everywhere, and soon the two largest, males, hovered over the form while one man, Thoth, extracted a child. Source leaned over his shoulder to see. The tiny toes and fingers and the lips were blue. He handed the bundle to William who swaddled the babe in scraps of old cloth. There was screaming and Source watched their mouths to see which was producing such an agonizing noise, but their lips weren’t moving. The screaming, was coming from that bloody girl. She was already gone, but her soul was fighting to survive, to stay. She too lingered in this memory realm, beating her palms against the backs of her lovers, begging and pleading with them to see her, to hear her. They couldn’t. William, who held one tiny form in his palm, finally spoke. 
“He’s so,” William’s voice quivered as he snuggled the boy who was turning purple.
Thoth pressed inside the girl farther and finally was able to get the other out. He handed this one to James before going to work on her battered body. Source watched in astonishment as Thoth performed spell after spell after spell, until finally he just began pounding on her chest with all his might. Anchille reached for him from behind, lowering his head to the floor. James walked to the nearby table. He laid his baby down next to his brother, and observed.
“They won’t cry,” he said to the others helplessly. “Why won’t they cry?”
William placed his arms around James, and held him so tightly. Both men dropped to the floor.
“I thought she would make it,” he sobbed into Will. “I really thought she would—”
“I know,” said William, gently caressing James’s hair.
“Will, I can’t do this, I can’t! Ahkmen said this might happen, that they might not survive, but the pain,” he cried, “the hurt is so—”
Source went to the table where the babies lay, cold, and dead. She looked at poor Thoth, carrying on over the mother, with such persistence, even as Anchille kept trying to pull him away, to not torment himself further.
“It’s finished Ahkmen. She’s gone,” he told him.
Source dropped her eyes to the two fathers, locked together in such an intimate embrace. The loss they were suffering was so personal, and so consuming. Source took a small peak behind the ragged cloth covering one boy. She slipped her large finger beneath his tiny one. It was so small. What absolutely perfect creatures were these innocents, with no mistakes.
She smiled at them, then leaned down to meet her face with theirs. “You make me want to try again.”
God had created a million different realms, and none were free from conflict, but at least they had come closer to enlightenment. Earth had such a long way to go. But, they would never fully be aligned with her if she didn’t periodically even the playing field. Like evil, death was a necessary part of life. You couldn’t have one without the other. Sin had its place, if only to remind them all of goodness. Source glanced at the devastated parties. Not one of them was without fault. Not one was guiltless of shedding blood. They also, weren’t inherently evil. They were good. They were righteous, if only in their pursuit of perfection. There in lied her biggest mistake. Making them like her, almost guaranteed their shortcomings. It was and always would be, too high an expectation. There could only ever be one true God. No matter how many times they tried to exceed their status, they would invariably fall. She would always be there to pick them up, even if they disappointed her, and why, because they were hers. Holding them up as they each walked through life was exhausting. Being alone with only her thoughts, unbearable. And that was the quandary. Live in darkness with herself for eternity, or allow Nature to take its course. God laughed to herself, still watching the infants. For all her interventions, for all her power, life certainly hadn’t turned out to be the paradise she’d once envisioned. She couldn’t stop greed, hate, disappointment, regret, and mourning. It was all purposeful. Her children had to passage through these gates of life in order to one day, at long last, meet her at the edge of the setting sun, where their real eternity awaited. So many offspring, all leading back to her, some good, some evil, many existing on the fringes dead center. But these, she reached her hand over the babes, these are what make it all worth it. These are what they will all fight for. This, she thought, was where humanity would always be restored. She could kill Herocles a million times and in a million different ways, but in the end, the only true healing power, the only way to restore balance, the only way to fight evil, was through life.

***

Like she was the one drowning in the blue seas Lina gasped for air, coming to in Sek-met’s arms. She screamed inside and then the sound bellowed all around them. Lina heaved over the floor, releasing a tidal wave from her belly and with it the entire world and all her creation. Coughing, Lina opened her eyes to her family. Linora and Menaan stood in front of her, glowing in white robes. The gods and goddesses gathered around again, and in the center of their ring, Isis walked through. Lina ran to her, and threw her arms around her waist. Behind Isis came Agmenon and Hekate. She cried and cried and was sure there couldn’t have been a single tear left in her body after everything she’d seen and everything she’d put them through. They wiped her face and held her. Isis tilted her chin even as Lina trembled.
“To restore balance,” she said, in her majestic tone.
“To bring true salvation,” echoed Hekate, running her hand along Lina’s cheek.
“And to assist Nature in cleansing and purifying the world of evil,” finished Agmenon.
“I saw, I saw everything! I believe you now! I was there, I felt it. I do believe you, but I still don’t understand. What about Herocles? What about the demons? Isis!” she cried to her. “The wolves and Lydas and Sitre? Am I God now? Will I be God, there? Am I still me? What happens now?!” Lina was shaking.
Isis brushed Lina’s hair from her face. “She’s very real for you. You want her to go on, after you, don’t you?”
“She has to, don’t you see? The experiment backfired, because I, God, fell in love, with her, with all of them. I can’t come back to you, with this, gaping hole inside.”
“You made us all,” affirmed Isis.
“Yes.”
“All your stories, every battle, each moment...”
“Lead me to this one single act.”
“A mother’s act of pure love,” Agmenon told her. “You had to go through each of the gates before us. The human of your soul, which is the very thing that draws your followers, did the battles in order for us to reach our redemption.”
“I don’t remember the gates. I don’t remember the worlds, the challenges. I don’t remember.”
“It was a battle from and within yourself, God’s own demons: your ascension, the Black Wolves, Ankh-sut, Herocles, Necros, the Shayateen, the Council, death, and rebirth.”
Lina looked up at Agmenon. “Those trials, they were the nine gates.”
“They were the gates of passage, for you. For each of your creatures they will be different.”
Lina dropped her head, shaking. After a few moments she looked up at them. “But...”
“What is it?”
“What happens to me, I mean,” she winced at the habit. “You understand what I’m asking don’t you? What happens to this girl, this body? What happens to her husbands, her,” she stammered over her words. She shouted into herself, pulling at her dress, her thin fingers clutching the material as she wailed. “I can’t separate don’t you see! Even I, I don’t know how! They’re my children, my human babies... as much as they are Lina’s! Mine!” Lina turned from them and faced the gates and to the place beyond. She searched for the world she’d just come from and the one she wanted more desperately than anything else. Agmenon came to her side. He held her tiny hand in his enormous one. She peered up at him, and though her vision was blurred with more tears, she saw the span of his mighty chest clad in silver armor. Lina blinked so she could see him more clearly. Agmenon’s red beard was a shade brighter than before and his lenses burned yellow.
“My heart is breaking!” she cried to him. “Don’t you understand? I’m still here, inside this body, a body that no longer breathes. I’m here, and I don’t know where to go or what to do! I feel just as I had in Necros, when my child Hero separated me from my twin soul. I watched Ahmose-set from beyond the mirror, Agmenon. I watched her, I cried to her, I told her I wouldn’t fail her.”
“And you didn’t,” he said gently.
“Only in this very second have I finally made the connection. I thought I was looking at my immortal soul. Who I was really looking at was Lina, a human girl, which Herocles had tried to rid me of. And she, on the other side of that mirror, looked at me, God.”
Agmenon worked very hard not to falter under her truthful words. He reached with his other hand to smooth her eyes. He brought her up by her arms and forced her to stand tall, to be proud. “Your heart bleeds because you love so wholly the world, that the very notion of it ceasing, even by your hand, and despite all your other creations, kills you. It kills you all over again. Each time a new death occurs, you embrace them into your arms, but you still mourn for their loss and those that weep for their departure. You sacrificed not one life, but three, hers, and her two sons, and you feel the loss. You feel it like no other because you are the Infinite. Every emotion, every single one in all creation, you must feel, you must endure, and that is why we, your celestial progeny cannot ever fully attain our salvation.” He brought her down and released her. Agmenon lowered his head to her feet. 
God wiped her eyes and stood tall. She straightened her dress, and her sleeves, then brought her golden stare to all her children. Isis and Nephthys and the rest of the Ennead moved nearer, with Hekate and Gabriel, God’s fair one, at her side. The rest of the angels flew nearer, awaiting her call.
“You exist because I made you, and you are all, beautiful. You are perfect because you are imperfect, and so it must be. You shall go on, being the protectors of man, being his and her conscience because flawed as you are, you are still the closest to me and to my light. I would ask no more of you than this,” God paused, knowing her intent but gauging for any resistance. She saw none. “Join me, there,” she pointed to the scene in the close distance, of William and Jaime, and the lifeless Lina, and the two innocents that lay un-breathing. “Of all the empires, ours is infinitesimal. It is the most ethereal, and to achieve it for you and for them, I must and will raise anew.” God smiled again, feeling warmth radiate through her because she finally knew what she had to do. She left the far reaches of her celestial covenant, and took each infant’s hands in hers.

“I give thee, life eternal.”


45. Birth
From the absence of a pulse, and cold dead lips, Lina raised from the bed in one slow movement, choking for air. Her lungs burned like they had been full of water. She coughed once hard, then sucked in as much as she possibly could. Will and Jaime grabbed hold of her arms and back, trying to get her breathing normally. They had only a split second to rejoice at her resurrection before she screamed in pain. Lina flung her head back and grunted through the last contraction before Ahkmenotep was holding the first crying baby in his arms. It was not purple, but perfect in color, full of its mother’s blood, and had a set of lungs they couldn’t believe. Ahkmen laughed and handed the child to Anchille, who took him lovingly in his huge hands and swaddled him. Lina tried to see where he was going but she needed to give one last push.
“Come on baby you can do it, one more!” Jaime coached her.
Lina bared down, taking Will’s thick hand to her mouth. Half a minute later...
“A second strapping boy,” said Ahkmenotep, laughing in relief. “How she managed this I do not know! Jaime,” he said, motioning for him come to the end of the tables. Her husband was reluctant to leave her, but Will assured him she was safe.
“Go, I need to pry her teeth from my palm,” he said, in shear pain, but happy.
“Sorry,” said Jaime, wincing as he motioned for the un-used dagger.
“I can handle it,” Will said, gently helping Lina dislodge. Her mouth was full of his blood and she started to apologize. He stopped her, coming down to her lips. “Be sorry for nothing. You did amazing.”
Jaime came to Ahkmen’s side in order to see, for the first time, his boy. His chest expanded and he brought his hand to his mouth. Anchille, holding the other baby, put his free hand to Jaime’s neck, giving him a congratulatory tug. “Oh my God,” Jaime murmured in disbelief. “It’s a miracle.” He took his child and held him close to his heart, then glanced to William and Lina. They were watching him so proudly, and with more love than all three of them ever thought possible. “Our baby,” he told them equally and they smiled. Anchille walked over and they each brought the infants to Lina and Will, who took his son in his arms.
Will pulled back the cloth. Two pairs of satiny black lashes slowly opened revealing the most riveting golden eyes. They burned with a knowing that filled Will with such silent wonder. He reached to pull down the cover over his head, then burst into tearful laughter. “That’s my boy! Look at all that hair!”
Lina whispered hoarsely below them. “Could I see them?”
“Of course darling, of course you can, here,” said Will, tilting their child. Jaime did the same, and Lina was finally able to see her sons. The moment they saw her they twitched and she cautioned them with her mind to be still.
“I’d like to, I want to hold them,” she said, still raggedly. Jaime grimaced at her but Ahkmenotep had successfully sutured her and cleaned her up. He gave them the go ahead and Anchille helped to prop Lina up, using his chest as her pillow. Will handed her one boy and Jaime the other. They stayed near until it appeared she was feeling greedy of the moment, and so they backed up a bit. Anchille turned his head in order to give her privacy.
Lina held them both in her arms, over her bare breast, wondering if they would feed, or even if they knew how yet. It was so amazing a moment and so surreal. She couldn’t fathom ever not looking at them, and wanted to always be able to do so, forever. Lina squeezed them gently. The babies cooed up at her, and somewhere behind those peculiar eyes she could hear them. Their unheard voices like a gift from Heaven. In the crook of her elbow Lina felt something sharp. She brought one boy to the other, and used her free hand to search through the swaddling cloth for the place near her arm, knowing it was where the baby’s back met her skin. Worried the others would see, she nonchalantly felt the other boy’s back as well. In the exact same spot as the other, the same sharp points, right at the shoulder blades. Lina felt again, and this time the infants were watching her harder. She blinked at them and raised her head back in fear, again reprimanding them not to reveal themselves, even to their fathers. They only nuzzled and gave soft hisses of breath. It wasn’t through words, but she understood them as clearly as if they’d spoken to her aloud, and she knew they would keep their secret. Her cheeks were wet that instant and she kissed them both as Will and Jaime came nearer.
“Everything’s going to be okay,” she told them.

***
A blissful few weeks had gone by without interruption. This was partly due to Lina’s not allowing any interference, from outsiders, from well-wishers, from anyone. She’d not heard a peep from Herocles and for a time had herself believing he’d given up in his pursuit to destroy her. She should have known peace would not be restored so easily. Lina sat in her private parlor, holding her son in her arms as he fed. Across from her Jaime held their other child, never once tempting to put the boy down. Will complained that he would spoil him rotten, and Jaime made no apologies for it. They were all new parents, and none of them had a clue what they were doing. It was wonderful.

The phone rang, breaking their solitude.
The three of them stared at one another, hoping whoever it was would give up if they just ignored them. Six rings later and Will pressed his large hands over the mantle in frustration. The ringing stopped and they gave a little cackle of relief. Not two minutes later did another phone ring and this time it was Lina’s cell from the other room. The possession they felt over these new hours and days could not hope to shut the world out forever. Jaime held their son tighter and Lina motioned for Will to grab her phone.
“Don’t answer it,” he told her.
She frowned, while looking down at his baby who was just finishing suckling. She pried him from her chest and gestured for Will to take him. “We can’t hide here forever. There’s still work to be done.” Lina got to her feet and headed for their bedroom. She looked back at her mates, and to her young sons and then she closed the double doors behind her and locked them.
She took a deep breath, already knowing exactly who was on the line.
“Hello Collin.”
“You gave us quite a scare,” he told her, his voice cracking. She was quiet. “Lina?” he repeated. She could hear the hurt and questioning. She sat down and put her hand over her face. “Are you there?” he asked.
“I’m here.”
“McNair is going out of his mind.”
“I’m sure he is.”
Now Collin was quiet.
“I—”
“Makes no difference to me y’know. If ya want to go back to your own, only—”
“I made you all a promise,” said Lina.
“Yah, ya did.”
“Have you found them?”
“Not a one,” he admitted to her. “McNair’s convinced Herocles has taken them...” he paused, because someone was speaking to him in the background.
“Is everything alright?” she asked. Lina could hear Cal in the phone, could hear the anger in his muddled words.
“It’s fine,” Collin said grumpily. “Truth is, we’re at a loss. When you didn’t come back, and we didn’t hear from ya, we thought, we—”
“I’m so sorry Collin. I never meant to leave you all like that.” Lina closed her eyes and shook her head.
“Beyond your control I suppose.”
Lina walked to her mirror to look at her reflection. She gave an awkward smile at the two faces staring back at her. “You’ve no idea.”
“Well.” He didn’t finish, just breathed into the phone hard. “McNair isn’t giving up. He’s asked me to call you, to see if—”
“If I know where he is? I don’t know where Herocles is, any more than you do.” That was a lie, but she needed to reveal things in the right time.
“What are we supposed to do then, forget about our boys, forget about me da?”
“No Collin, we aren’t going to forget anyone. We are going to find them.”
“We?”
“Yes, you, and I, my covens, and your pack, together.”
Lina heard Collin exhale. She knew he was grinning. “Right.”
“Tell McNair that I have no excuse for leaving, and to make it up to him I will personally return each and every one of his pack, without fail.”
“I’ll tell him,” he said, though Lina knew McNair was not two feet from Collin and could hear just fine.
“Tell him when this is all over, and he’s free, that I hope he will consider bringing you all to Cumbria. His family would be warmly welcomed here.”
Collin didn’t say anything right away, but she did hear some rowdiness from the other end. “I think he may consider it.”
Lina smiled. “Good. I have to go. When I’m ready for you, I’ll send word.”
“Alright, we’ll be waitin.”
“Until then stay out of sight.”
“We’re below ground. We left the flat as soon as you didn’t come back.”
“That’s good. I’ll call you tonight.”
“Lina?”
“Yes?”
“It’s good to hear from ya.”
Lina smiled and hit end. When she opened their bedroom door Will and Jaime were standing there. “Get Avati, and the girls up here. We need their help.”
“When do we leave?” asked Jaime, assuming they were headed back to London.
The excruciating pull they now felt toward their offspring was nearly debilitating in the face of war. They knew they had no choice, and that dealing with Herocles fell solely on their heads. Truthfully, the responsibility fell on Lina’s, but this time she refused to leave her mates behind. From this day forward, no matter what the obstacle, they would face them head on, as one. Lina stole a quick glance of her babies. “We leave tonight.”


46. Worth Fighting For
Explaining to the covens that they planned to leave the safety of the mansion walls wasn’t going so well. Lina stood near the back windows of the main parlor, looking out to the evening skyline. It was such a peculiar feeling to be herself but also their creator. The pieces of her story were still unfolding, even for her, and so to try and explain that to her earth children, was near impossible. She decided, almost immediately upon her return, and right after she birthed her sons, that she simply wouldn’t try. They could go on thinking of her as only Lina, their queen, and that was good enough, for now. She looked down at her human hands, and at her beautiful wedding rings, and then she felt at her chest for her bloodstone. It truly had been an incredible story, one that many, especially council, would never believe. She knew that to try and explain to the immortals would also be a mistake. Their paths would continue, whether she told them the truth or not, because that was life, that was nature, and that was eternity.
“You look so breath-taking there,” said Will. He placed his hands around her arms. Her skin came alive beneath the black lace of her sleeves, and she remembered how it felt, his love for her. “Will you tell them?” he asked.
Lina stared at Will. In his mind she heard him crying out to her, showing her, that he wasn’t in the dark, that he knew who she was. “No,” she finally answered, turning back to the last of the sunset.
“Were you not going to tell me, and Jaime?”
She spun around to meet his gaze. Lina reached up to brush a few strands from his face.
“So lovely you are.” She brought his fingers to her lips and kissed them. Will’s ocher eyes flashed yellow. He didn’t care to be distracted. He wanted her to be open with him.
“Lina?”
“I came here, for you.”
“Because, you made me,” he whispered, careful so that the others didn’t hear. He was so enamored with her that it made him fearful, was it God or Lina he desired. Will shivered in his guilt and she smiled.
“Because I love you.”
“You, love us all,” he reminded, almost like that reality hurt him, or made him jealous, more so than he had ever felt towards Jaime. Now he had to share her love with the universe, and that was crushing.
“Will,” she sighed. For a second she didn’t even sound like Lina.
“No please, explain it to me because I don’t understand and I want to, I need to understand.”
“I love them because they are my children, and my responsibility. It’s my duty to bring them salvation. It’s my job to see that they each find their way home. I love you, and Jaime, because...”
“Because?” He folded his arms.
“Of how you make Lina feel, me I mean. I love you because inside, here,” she paused to pull down his arms and take one hand up to her chest, “I’m her, and I feel a constant rhythm of life, of heartbreak, of fullness. I had thought the moment I decided to sacrifice myself and our sons for the greater good, that I would come apart, explode,” Lina lowered her head, “that I would die. I can’t die, ever, and neither can Lina, not really, but the very idea that I wouldn’t again feel your touch, or Jaime’s, that I wouldn’t exist anywhere in your world, was unimaginable. It was suffocating. Making the choice to come back to you with her, was perhaps selfish, but the alternative was far worse. It’s awful, and wonderful, how I feel on the inside, and it’s all happening at the same time. Sometimes I wonder if it’s wrong of me, to take a bit of joy for myself, when my entire existence is to serve man. I also speculate that I shouldn’t love you or Jaime this way, like it’s—”
“A sin?” Will gave her a little smirk. “I don’t know how it feels to you, on the inside I mean, to be both,” he was about to say her true name but didn’t. “I don’t even know how it’s possible. I can’t wrap my head around that just yet, but, just because you imagined me into your elaborate story, doesn’t mean you can’t love me, like Lina does. Neither of you are my real mother, not in that way. I have an earth mother.”
“Yes, yes of course. I know, we both know that it’s very—”
“Intricate?”
“Yes.”
Will ran a finger along Lina’s cheek, marveling at the new glow inside her. It made her so much brighter than she’d ever been. Her aura rippled like waves around her, and the color was so magnificent, part sun, part moon, part earth and sky. Will’s and Jaime’s presence seemed to exacerbate it, as did her closeness to their sons. Lina had the ability to tame it, but their bond made it at times problematic. Some would see her light as a power she’d simple gained as an immortal, but there were others who would grow curious.
Will leaned down to kiss her and their heat, and her power created a white flash. He leaned up and away from her mouth and they both laughed. “You might want to move now. I don’t want to give you away.”
Lina glanced around his arm to the waiting covens. “They won’t ever know the real me Will. The only ones on this planet, or any for that matter, that will ever know the real me, are you, and Jaime, and our children. It has to be our secret, not for my safety but for our sons. Can you imagine, the pandemonium that might cause?”
“I can. I’m relieved that Gabriel’s come to be with us. We lost track of him, after leaving headquarters.”
“His work at that point was finished, but he will always be there Will, even if you can’t see him. They all will.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Does it make you feel safer?” she asked. “Having the angels close.”
He seemed to struggle with that. “Not so much safer, just happy that our sons will have guides, and protectors.”
“Something bothers you about it though?”
Will moved both of them closer to the pane. He reached an arm up and pressed it there while he looked down at her. “They’re so conspicuous, like at any second their wings will fly from their backs and scare the hell out of everyone!”
“Hell, really?”
“Quit that!” he groaned at her. “I see how the covens watch them, and there’s a growing questioning in their minds, Lina, especially with the babies. It’s the way Gabriel and the others linger over them, how they quietly talk about them. And what about Omri, Isha, and Khala. They often care for the boys.”
“Are you complaining? It’s the only way we would ever be alone the three of us.”
“You mean four,” he teased, and she smacked his arm. “You can’t always be there when they’re bathing or changing. What happens if they see?”
Lina struck a brow. “See what?”
“Lina! They don’t know the truth, and of course as you said, they shouldn’t, but it’s hard to explain the angels’ presence, without divulging a few skeletons, least of all why our sons have, our precious boys have w—”
Lina clasped her hand over Will’s mouth. “I think they blend well,” she argued.
“I’m serious,” he mumbled.
“You always are,” she countered, taking down her hand.
“I can’t shake the feeling that them being here signifies some impending change, one that I, and Jaime, won’t be comfortable with.”
“The angels play no different role than the Bast-et Guardians Will. I’d never have summoned them here if we weren’t about to go head to head with Herocles and on earth no less. If I had a choice I would cast myself down into the depths and take care of him and the Shayateen myself, but, I can’t, as you’re well aware, do that.”
“That’s our fault right?”
“It’s not anyone’s fault, my choosing to be here. It was a choice, one of many, and one I would make a thousand times more. I choose to be here, with you.”
“I know you love us but, it must have been a hard, leaving...” his eyes looked up and out at the sky.
She followed his direction. The clouds momentarily parted and a rosy yellow sheen cast itself from the Heavens down to them. There was music in it, and with it the voices of all who served her. “It isn’t going anywhere Will. It will be there for all time, and when this part is over, I’ll go back.” Lina gave his hand a tug and walked around him to meet with her covens. Will hated to think what she was insinuating, and worse that he had to feel it, the tearing inside him. He was in love with Lina, and all the while she’d been someone and something else entirely. He knew he had to start thinking of her, not as this human girl he’d protected his whole life, and not as queen of the immortals, but as his maker. And if God returned to Aaru, what would remain in Her absence he wondered? Would her body die? Would he and Jaime have to bury her? Would she simply disappear one day? Will was about to ask but something about her gaze stopped him cold.
Don’t go, he sent to her, but she didn’t respond, only glanced at him and continued speaking to Anchille and the others. Jaime walked across the room to Will.
“That didn’t go well,” he muttered. Both of them stood with their backs to the window, watching as Lina tried to explain to the others why they were heading out again.
“She aims to leave.”
“I heard, in so many words. When?” asked Jaime.
Will looked at him vulnerably. “After we defeat Herocles. She only came here to bring home our sons, and the others. She has to right what she feels were her wrongs in all this. She feels the blame and part of her restoration is to align us all, cast out evil, and set us on a righteous path.”
“So that’s it?”
“Looks that way,” said Will, observing the covens and how they were all responding with smiles and joy at Lina, even though she was about to leave them for good. “She’s made them blind, ignorant fools, all of them. She could make them all dance on their heads—”
“Naked!”
Will chuckled into his palm. “Oh yes, and they would all collapse in her presence just the same!”
“Look how Gabriel and the others are smiling inside.”
“Because they get to return with her. They’ll get to have her.”
“It makes me furious,” Jaime growled.
“Me too.”
“That’s all fine and good, where the hell does that leave us?” asked Jaime, irritated.
“Exactly the place,” remarked Will. His arms flexed and he rolled out his neck. He couldn’t wait to get as far from the compound as possible. Getting his bare hands around Herocles couldn’t come soon enough. If they were about to lose Lina forever, they were going to enjoy taking the life from that bastard, just as he had taken from them.
Lina was finishing up and motioned for Will and Jaime to join her. They grunted and obeyed. “Think there’s a way around it, to save her, Lina I mean?”
“I don’t really know anything at this point,” said Will.

“Thank you Avati, it means so much to us to know the babies will be safe in your care.”
“You’ve nothing to worry about. Do what you need to, and we will be here when you return.”
“Are you certain we can’t join you? It is an enormous undertaking,” said Anchille. Her father Ahmenos came to his brother’s side, with Constance on his arm. Lina looked at them and smiled, giving each of them a hug. She knew her mother couldn’t bear to keep letting her go. She’d had to do so on numerous occasions and this time their parting would be far more permanent. It was so hard to look at Constance so Lina didn’t. She embraced her instead, and spoke in her ear.
“Everything is going to be fine, don’t worry. It’ll all be over soon.” Her mother held her so firmly and for so long that Ahmenos had to step in.
“Be careful,” he told her when they’d separated.
“We will. We were able to make some connections in the city. There is a pack there of twenty strong with the ability to recruit more, not to mention members of council.”
“I hate to think of you all, coming anywhere near that monster again,” said her mom. Lina nodded to Ahmenos to distract her. It would make their departure easier.
Others were fretting and all Lina could do is try to reassure them. “All will be well everyone, I promise.” As they settled into the parlor Lina motioned for Anchille to speak with her alone. They moved into the hall.
She held his hand. “I know that you have been more than patient, and I am sorry that this time has been so terrible for you. I haven’t been here. I didn’t even know she wasn’t well,” Lina told him. Anchille lowered his gaze, knowing he was talking more to his niece than to God. She dropped her head. “I’m so ashamed.”
“No, don’t say that.”
“I’m brining her back to you Anchille.”
This startled him. “How?”
“I can’t explain now, but Isis is coming back to you. She won’t stay asleep.”
He leaned down to her. “When?”
“Soon, I promise. I need for you to stay close to her.”
“I will.”
“Stay near to her, all through this night. Hold her hand. Speak to her Anchille, tell her that you can’t live without her. Tell her things like this, all those things that you’ve said to her before. Help her to remember why she’s here on earth. Can you do that?”
Her uncle had been tortured the hours and days that Isis lay cold. He inhaled and tilted his head to catch his bloody tears. “I’ll do it. I won’t leave her side.”
“Good.”
“Please, be careful, and come back to us,” he told her.
“We will,” she said. “Anchille?”
“Yes?”
“Can you get word to Iaode?”
“Yes. Why? Have you finally heard from Janas?”
“Janas is fine. He was on a mission for me. I asked him to find Ahnri and Marija when I knew that Herocles was back. I worried that like Lydas and Sitre, he would find them too.”
“Are they alright?” He was desperate and frustrated that the spell over the compound was dulling his senses.
“They are safe. Tell Iaode and Eurelios that the three of them are in Romania.”
“I’ll do it,” he told her.
“Thank you,” she said. “I don’t want for them to worry for their brother. You know how they feel about Janas.”
“Yes, I do.”
After they finished, Lina popped her head back in to the others. “Thomas, Charles?” Lina called. They were saying their goodbyes to Isha and Jane. “It’s time.”
“See you soon,” said Charles. He held Jane’s arms and kissed her before releasing her to Isha, whose fingers were still linked with Thomas’s.
“Find our sister,” said Omri. “Find our dear Lydas, and the children.”
“Everyone, please don’t worry. You are still safe behind these walls and Ahkmenotep is here to keep it reinforced. Soon this will all be over and each of you reunited with your loved ones.”
“Feel so useless, sitting here while you four go out and fight!” Aeimil complained despite Khala snarling at him.
“You should consider yourself lucky, and why would you want to go away instead of being here, safe, with me?!”
“I’m a solider Khala! How many times do we have to go through this? If my cousins are out there, then Aeron and I should be too! We should be the ones to bring them back!”
“Fine! Go!”
Aeimil walked over to her. He brought her head into his arms and kissed her face, kissed her scar. He wanted to remind her that once she’d fought for her family. He wanted her to understand that it was his turn, to protect and fight for her.
“I won’t be long, just have to kill a few demons, and then, I’ll be home with you both,” he said, taking up her chin and kissing her lips. His hand rested protectively over her belly.
“Aeron?” said Lina. “Meet us out front in ten minutes. I have something to do and then we’re leaving.”
“Alright,” he said, casting an eye to Omri. The eldest guardian only nodded to him once that he should go and fight and that she understood.

***
Will, and Jaime went down into the tombs with Lina. Anchille had kept the crypt lit with several torches, jammed into the crevices of the near crumbling walls. Along the perimeter of the tombs candles burned, giving off a good amount of heat.
“At least it doesn’t feel like death,” said Lina, running her fingers along her grandfather and grandmother’s crypt before crossing to Isis and Anchille’s portion.
It was the first time she would see Isis, lying in a death-like sleep. She wasn’t certain she was prepared for it, despite the fact that she’d seen her soul in the realm beyond. She walked alone to the sarcophagus, feeling a tingling in her fingers that she couldn’t shake. Also her mouth felt very dry. The babies were taking so much from her. A bit dizzy she approached, placing one hand to the stone slab which contained her dear aunt. Lina draped her arms over the tomb. With her cheek pressed against it she began whispering to Isis. She knew that her dear goddess was far from her earthly body, but she would still hear.
“I’ve come to you,” she whispered. Lina glanced behind to her kings. Jaime had been shuffling back and forth until finally leaning against the wall and running his hand along his moist brow. Will started pulling his own hair back into a ponytail, an action she’d seen on countless occasions, but this time there was an urgency to the act. It was almost brutal and it worried her, their intentions, but there wasn’t anything she could do. They each had a path to follow and none of them would be easy, or leave them feeling any less empty in the end. “Just a few more minutes,” she said.
“Take your time,” Will told her fast and then his jaw reset. She could see the blood beneath their skin, surging. They were so suspecting of her, of the angels, and of her coming actions. They were also blind with a rage which stemmed from their heartbreak, and their disappointment. She wished she could make it easier for them. She worried that if they went into battle with all this weight on their minds, she would become distracted by it, and wouldn’t be able to do what she knew she needed. That could be dangerous for all of them. Lina turned back to Isis’ tomb. She drew close again, using her real voice to keep their discussion semi private.
“Nisme a, nga damu,” she said. (Hear me child) For a moment there was only a brush of wind through the cavern, but then Isis was there, in her mind.
I hear you Mother, she sent to Lina.
“Ni ah gil dalkhu.” (I will kill the demons)
By your grace.
Lina smiled with her eyes closed, and her cheek pressed over the stone slab. “Ni ah ngen zu, na-e du su-bir a.” (You will arise again. Come home)
It was silent and Lina wondered if Isis was listening to her. She wanted her to obey.
I’m indebted to you, for all time, sent the goddess.
Lina’s heart flexed. Dammit Isis.
Lina moved the slab herself and Will and Jaime shot to her and tried to help. Inside, Isis’ sarcophagus was shining in golden light. Lina pried it open and looked down at her motionless body. She reached and took her aunt’s hand in hers. She kissed it and then leaned down to kiss her lips.
Your time to be with me will come. Do not linger in the outer lands.
Isis didn’t answer.
She stood then, gave one last silent prayer to her beloved, and then turned to her mates. When Lina reached the door she turned back. Over five thousand years Isis was, and that was only by earth’s measure of time, which of course was relative. She could go another thousand and more and it wouldn’t be enough, just as Anchille had once said. No matter who Isis was in the beginning, Lina knew she wanted to be on earth. For what she went through, she belonged here. Nature would have to be satisfied with the head of Herocles and that was that. The wall torches which were lit for the dead, and for Isis and Anchille, crackled and popped.
Soon my daughter, Lina sent, before they sealed off the crypt and began making their way up the winding staircase to the second level. Jaime trailed behind her and she could feel the questioning from him, tickling her mind.


47. You, Me, and the Devil Makes Three
“How do we even know he’s still in London, or on the continent for that matter?” asked Jaime once they were outside the mansion’s blue sheen of protection. Lina ignored him and began walking in the direction of the obelisks. “Aren’t we driving?”
Lina turned back to them all. She stared in the darkness to her kings, and to her soldiers. Six of them and she made seven, and was that enough to destroy Herocles, in the event McNair didn’t show? She’d gotten word to Collin, given them explicit directions to come by nightfall. They would drive most of the way from London, then abandon their cars in different locations along the pass in order to shift, and meet them at the base of Scafell Pike. They didn’t bother asking Lina why over the phone. McNair trusted her now, and he knew she’d keep her word to get his family back.
“Lina? Jaime asked you a question,” said Will.
“We aren’t going to London.”
“Okay. Where are we going?” he asked.
“In about ten minutes McNair and the rest of pack, along with those they’ve been able to gather since we left, will be here.” They looked shocked, each one of them wondering what would be next. “We make our way to Scafell Pike,” she pointed northwest.
“Is that where Herocles is hiding?” asked Jaime.
“He’s not hiding, but he’ll be there.”
“How do you know?” asked Thomas.
“Because I asked him to.”
“Ah-huh, you asked him?” He repeated, turning to his brothers. “She asked him, to come. Lina, are you out of your mind?! He thinks he’s coming to you alone.”
She smiled. “No, he’s not stupid. He knows you’ll all be there.”
“And what? He thinks he’ll kill us all.”
“He’s counting on it,” she said. “I want you all to listen to me. When McNair and the others arrive, we’ll shift. It’s late enough now that we won’t encounter any hikers. It’s why I chose this spot. I couldn’t have him killing innocents in the city. It made the most sense to ask him to meet me here in this remote wilderness.”
“Lina, they’re are travelers everywhere for God’s sake, it’s summer!” Charles complained.
“I realize that, but, it’s nearing midnight. No one would be out there at this hour, not unless they were on a death mission.”
“I hope so.”
Lina’s phone buzzed in her coat. She pulled it out and touched the screen. “They’re here.” She walked ahead of her crew through the obelisks and out to the main road. “Cup your eyes, you see, there across the pass.”
They did as she said, and they saw several pairs of yellow eyes, down in the misty woods, watching them. The joining wolves rumbled and a few howled as Lina turned to Will and Jaime. “Let’s go,” she told them, urging them to disrobe.
“Wait,” said Jaime, pulling her arm. “You’re not shifting?”
“No. I want all of you to do so, and I want you to stay in that form, no matter what. It’s how you are strongest and your best angle in defeating his demons.”
“What about you?”
“I’ll have Hero to deal with, and, I’ll be fine. Now hurry.”
Lina ran with them to the edge of the road. She signaled for McNair and his pack to cross quickly. When the wolves were nearby she counted, McNair’s twenty men, plus another three dozen they’d managed to rally. And then, behind them, came the councilman who’d assisted at headquarters.
“Lorne. I’d hoped that you made it out alive.”
He gave her a wink, and slapped his chest. “Resilient.”
He’d done more than survive, he’d enlisted the help of around forty vampires, Dam Ilah who, once had been reluctant of Lina as their queen, but now were ready to show their loyalty. She nodded to the Scotsman, and then to his followers, a few of them women, they’re expressions were full of action. Lina was pleased.
“Thank you, for coming here tonight. I want you to know that my family sitting behind that wall of protection, does not mean your life is any less important to me. Many of you are descendants of Isis, and so I’m certain you understand why we all need to protect what is hers.”
“We understand. We don’t question for a second, your motives,” said Lorne.
“Can’t have a maniac running around the streets of our dear city, killing teachers and bus drivers, and sweet children,” blurted one woman.
“He didn’t kill any children Mora, don’t be dramatic,” said a red-haired woman to her right.
“Well, he would have, if given the chance.”
Lina rose her hand to quiet them. “Herocles intended to kill, and he did try, and if we don’t stop him tonight, there will be no end to his malice. Now, it’s thirteen miles, from our compound here, over the Pike of Blisco, passed Crinkle Crags, and through some of the other peaks and lower valleys. We’ll cross the river Esk, and then we’ll be on our way to an area just south of the summit. The winds shouldn’t be too bad there, and we will be down from the mist. It’ll be a bit arduous, but ultimately the safest and least problematic route, in terms of encountering humans. If you do come across a lone camper, stay clear. The last thing we need is that kind of casualty. Herocles must be our focus tonight. Any questions?” Collin came to Lina’s side and gave her a nudge. McNair gave a long howl and then the rest of the wolves including her own pack did the same. “Let’s go then.”

She ran alongside them in the night. Some raced around her, stretching their legs and working their muscles. The rest stayed near and some at the back. Lina watched their large silvery white bodies, flying at such speed. The vampires were mixed among the wolves, leaping through the lower valley trees, crossing the stony passes and grassy mounds. They took each in stride, shooting over boulders which loomed as they neared the inlet of the summit. At the top it was very cool and the density of the clouds obscured the neighboring fells. She encouraged everyone to hang back in the lower well. Lina hugged her arms to her body, wishing she’d decided to come in wolf form. Her thin leather coat wasn’t at all enough. The wolves kept making slow rounds, each taking different posts and directions of the mountain, making sure they would see Herocles or his demons coming. It was funny how they kept the vampires rounded up in the center, like it was their duty to protect them. All this time they’d despised one another, and here they were, about to lay down and die for each other. If that wasn’t coming full circle, she didn’t know anything.
“Where is the bastard?” asked the outspoken Mora, who was squat, with silver eyes round and big as a shark, and crooked little teeth. She paced back and forth until her friend grabbed her around the arms.
“You are making everyone nervous!” the tall woman in green hissed. Her slate orbs danced in the white moonlight. “Save your strength.”
Mora twittered. “I can’t help it, it’s my disposition. Got a dickey stomach, you know that!”
The woman, called Ellie, brought her hand to poor Mora’s round face. “You relax now. Everything’s going to be fine, right?” Mora shook her head and closed her eyes a second, taking a deep breath. Lina could help the young vampire feel better. All it would take is a laying of her hands. She started to make the walk to the woman until the earth rumbled beneath her feet. The wolves tumbled around before gaining their footing. They ran to reform the barricade around the vampire elders and Lina. Their hackles rose and they bared their teeth.

The air grew stagnant, then balmy, like the calm before a storm.

“Though every city shall he hunt her down, until he shall driven her back to Hell...” Herocles’ deep voice filled the air and soon he made his way through the crowd. They parted against their will, even the wolves, leaving Lina in the man’s direct line of fire. He saw her and grinned.
Lina jutted out her chin, and dug her boot into the rocky earth. “Well, finish the line,” she told him.
“...there from whence envy first did let her loose.”
She coughed at his face. “That’s your plan is it? Drag me to the black depths, taunt me with your lies, covet my power, all because you’re jealous?”
“No darling, envy is too small and insignificant an emotion for what I feel for you.”
“Thrilling,” she remarked. “Do tell?” she prompted him, in an effort to stall time as she looked around for his lurking winged minions. There was no way he came alone. Herocles would know that she’d assemble an army against him.
“You only have one thing I want, and you could have given it to me long ago. You could have saved all these people,” Hero stopped to look around at the seething crowd, and he roared, “people!” He boomed with laughter. “The rabble!” he shouted, pointing to the wolves, who snarled and spat in his direction.
“If you’re referring to my submission, I believe I made myself clear.”
“Suit yourself,” he shrugged, turning his back on her. “I warned you.” Hero walked through the circle calmly. The vampires and wolves watched him in fury, their eyes turning brighter and brighter in the black of night. Teeth were bared and arms were ready and Herocles only swiveled casually on a heel to face little Mora. She dropped her fangs at him and brought up her claws and he barreled over his knee, laughing and wiping his eyes.
“This! This is the summation of the army you’ve risen against me?” he bellowed. Mora squared her chest at him. Herocles pretended to take her seriously as she inched herself in his direction, hissing.
“You really don’t want to do that,” he warned her. 
“I do so!” Mora lunged onto Hero and sank her fangs into the side of his face. She had about thirty seconds on him before he flung her thirty feet into the air, growling so loudly the earth shook again beneath their feet.
Hero leered at Lina and she saw his borrowed blue eyes turn a fiery red as he wiped black blood from his face. His split tongue dropped so fast, for only her to see and he grinned. “Is this how it’s to be?” he asked Lina. “Am I to kill everyone in order for you to obey?” Lina didn’t answer him. She searched frantically for Mora who had landed several yards, and was left in a crumpled heap near a boulder. Ellie and three others flashed to her. She was temporarily wounded but otherwise unharmed.
“Your quarrel is with me, only me.”
“But you brought this assembly, and you ask me not to defend myself?”
“I’m asking you to deal with me, alone.”
“Ah ta ta, we tried that already, and it got us nowhere.” As soon as Hero spoke the mob she’d assembled attacked. Lina was flung to the ground as Will and his brothers, along with McNair’s pack leapt for Hero. One by one he began flinging them from his body. Their yelping cries were heard over fifty feet down the mountain, where Hero’s enormous power had sent them sailing. Lina got to her feet and watched as Herocles flicked Aeimil away from his back like he was a tick, and then Aeron jumped for his throat. He latched onto Hero’s jugular, and he wouldn’t let go. The wolves circled him, snarling, before they too made their move. They didn’t have time to get a good hold before Herocles blasted them from him as he had the others. He glanced once at Lina out of the side of his eye as he held Aeron by the gruff. The flash of his vicious gaze stunned her and she saw it all in slow motion.
It was too late. Hero had squeezed Aeron’s neck so hard there was only a quick sound of crunching before he tossed the wolf to the ground. “NO!!!” Lina ran for Aeron, with Aeimil and the others close behind. They made it through but Herocles grabbed Lina before she could reach Aeron and try to save him. She screamed in his arms, thrashing to get away as the other vampires tried to make their advance. Hero put up one hand to them, summoning a deep and ancient sound from his body. The group was rendered immobile, their eyes red with rage, and their bodies flexed for attack. He’d frozen them, but they could still see and hear.
“That should keep them out of our hair,” Herocles said along her cheek.
“Let them go Hero,” she ordered him, though his huge hand was around her throat.
“If you would only come with me.”
“The option is repulsive,” she told him defiantly, still trying to get away.
“You wouldn’t find it so, if you gave it a chance. Life with me could be very stimulating. No rules, no disappointments—”
“No humans,” she argued when he finally released her. They were at a standoff, with her entire band of allies surrounding them, but unable to move.
“A small price to pay,” he said with a nonchalant wave.
“The price of my soul.”
“That’s much bigger,” he agreed.
“What about yours?”
Hero spun around to her. Within an instant he was near her face again, smelling her skin, and toiling in her ear. She wanted to throw him to the ground and bring her fangs down on his skull.
“I have no soul,” he said, tickling her lobe with his serpent tongue, “it was stolen from me, remember?” Lina’s head was cocked away from Herocles and she met eyes with her loves. They were desperate to move, to help her but they couldn’t. “Now I will make those vagrants who call themselves the chosen, my brothers and sisters, get down on their pitiful knees.”
“Aren’t you forgetting someone?” Lina asked.
“My father.”
“No,” she said very carefully, catching him in her eye as he rounded slowly passed her cheek. “Your mother.”
Hero furrowed his brow and stood back a moment. “I haven’t one.”
“On the contrary, all creatures have a mother.”
“I do not!”
“How did you come to be then?”
He roared at her. “You are immortal! You know very well how I came to be, through my wretched father Atum!”
Lina hid her smile. “And who made Atum?”
Herocles finally stood down, and away from her at least a few feet. She was able to get herself together physically. “He’s true God. He has always been here.”
“You don’t sound so certain,” she proposed. Herocles faltered if only in that split second. “Atum wasn’t always. He was made, same as you.”
Her words infuriated him and he was about to counter. She cut him off.
“You and I could never share a bed Hero, and I could never succumb to your will. I cannot and will not allow you to destroy all that I’ve built!” She slowly began raising her inner power. Will and Jaime were smiling from the inside, as her light grew, knowing that it would be over soon. Hero was so confused and so enraged that he was missing it entirely.
“What you’ve built?”
“You are my child, my truest son, my first, but I will strike you down where you stand!”
Herocles lost control over her army and they slowly came to from their hold. No one made a move on him but watched in eerie silence. Only the wind screamed up from the outlying forest ranges. Hero glared at Lina and she glared back. Suddenly his lip furled, revealing his fanged teeth.
“You’re lying!”
“Didn’t you ever wonder to yourself why you took such keen interest, in an insignificant human girl?”
“You weren’t human when I took you. You are immortal!”
“Why this immortal then?” she said, gesturing to herself. “Doesn’t really make sense, does it?”
“What are you doing?!” He was getting angrier and she knew this was her chance.
“I’m telling you the truth, of your past. Shall I prove it to you?”
“Do what you wish,” he grumbled at her. “I’m still going to kill everyone, even if you are who you say, and I very much doubt it!”
Lina closed her eyes and within an instant the power and grace inside her exploded, sending each and every one of her party sailing back. The light exhumed from her in another sudden blast, shooting out through her to the clouds and passed them. The waves of her power began to ring with a sound and Hero covered his ears, as Lina tilted her head all the way back and her body lifted from the ground. He looked up into the sky and watched as his brothers and sisters, those of the Ennead floated down within her light.
“What is this?!” he cursed still covering his head, and shielding his eyes from the light beam.
“Open your eyes my child,” Lina told Hero. He did so but with great discomfort as he cupped his forehead with his arm. Behind it his lenses were a violent red. “You’ve dwelled in darkness far too many years. Your execution has been a long time coming,” she told him when her power subsided and the Ennead stood around her. Herocles rushed for her and she blasted him back. He landed on his hands and knees and soon was laughing hideously into the dry rock. Herocles stood up, patted off his suit jacket and began removing it. He undid his dress shirt and laid it on the ground near his coat. Hero stood before them, in only his pants, his wide chest strong and heaving.
“You’ve been planning this, since the beginning haven’t you? What sadistic parent would do that to a child? I’m the monster?” he groaned to the mass watching. “She! She is your monster!” he screamed. He was trying to play on her earthly emotions, and on theirs as he’d always done. It wouldn’t work, not this time. They would stand with her, always.
“You were my prize Herocles. You would have sat next to me, in the kingdom of Heaven, for eternity, but you chose the path of evil. You chose that life for yourself. We are not to blame.”
“You made me like this! You made me and then that wasn’t good enough! You had to make them,” he pointed to Osiris and Set and the others. “You had to make them, all of them, because I wasn’t good enough! And when I sought more, sought to be better, you punished for it!”
“I punished you because you were evil, and you are evil still.”
Herocles dropped his head and began to breathe very heavy. The wolves moved in slowly, cautiously, until Lina shouted at them to get back but it was too late. Herocles transformed then, into the dragon that he was. His tail whipped a few councilmen out of the way and they tumbled down the mountain out of sight. Two wolves raced to retrieve them. Hero moved in to Lina fast, bringing his large bull-shaped head down to her and lashing her with his tongue. The heat of which cut her cheek. His voice grew deeper still, and it continued to shake the whole summit.
“If you want me, take me yourself!” he hissed at her, his reptilian eyes revolving as he lashed out at her. Lina stood her ground as though she were unfazed. Will, Jaime, and the rest of her wolves took up around her, despite her order and Herocles stood back on his hooved hind legs.
“Come for more have you, little dogs?!” he asked Will and Jaime. They howled at him and bared down, preparing to jump onto the beast. Lina held out her arms, separating them from Herocles. He closed his eyes a second and she knew before they came that he was summoning the Shayateen.
“They’re coming! Be ready!” she shouted. The vampires searched the skies, hissing. The first demon landed on someone’s back, its great wings flapping as it snapped the head from the body. A scream erupted in the crowd as a vampire leapt off the shoulders of her mate and landed on the demon. They struggled until Lina intervened. She brought her fangs down on him, then got hold of his head and legs and ripped him in half. When the others knew better what to do it became a more even fight. Lina sliced through half a dozen of Hero’s vile henchmen before she rounded to him again. She brought her fingers to his chest.
“I will pull out your black heart and eat it!”
Herocles thundered with laughter beneath her tiny hand. He flicked it and her away. “What you built is now mine, and therefore, anything you love belongs to me! That includes your covens, and, your children!”
Lina stood up, brushed off her pants, and rolled out her neck. “I think not!”
Then she yelled into the sky.
“Bit tuklati!”
Herocles stumbled back. “What are you doing?”
“Saharu, eh dalkhu!” The ground trembled and began to open. Tree roots from miles down shot from within the rocky core, swirling together and weaving a barricade which would enclose Hero and Lina together.
“Stop this! What is that?!” Herocles riled back, swinging his great tail and thrashing his arms at the natural force she was bringing down on him.
When they were totally sealed off from the others, Lina opened her eyes to him. “Now you can hurt no one but me.” On the outside of the wall they could hear the fight ensuing between the demons and her army. She wasn’t worried, because without Hero’s influence, the demons were weak. It would be over very quickly.
He snuffed at her before phasing back to human form. His suit was gone and he stood before her, naked as he had at birth. He was helpless and only rose his hands to her in peace. Lina knew his display was artifice, just like the face he donned which he’d stolen. She folded her arms across her chest.
“What happens now?” he asked. That spark of evil danced behind his hooded eyes.
“You can try to kill me, but I think you now know that it wouldn’t do any good.”
“Impasse?”
Lina laughed, and the sound was deep and very old. “I’m afraid not, you see, I’ve already pardoned you so many times over the years and if I do so again, I will only further disrupt the balance which you seek to destroy. I’d be helping you, and I don’t care to help you anymore.”
“All I wanted was power. I could have done good with it.”
“But you didn’t. You squandered it instead.”
“What makes them so much better than me? They’re just as evil, just as decadent. Sek-met made legions of immortals bloodthirsty. Wepwawet’s dogs stalk the innocent, shedding their mortal coil as it suits and then pretend to live up to their soldierly duty! Hypocrites!” he snarled in complaint.
“The difference my son, is that they, unlike you, have given themselves totally to Nature. They celebrate their duality, not by your hedonistic means of seduction, but through their own acceptance. They are both good and evil, and most of them know the difference. They wake up each day embracing its promise, and knowing that temptation and the battle will rage, but that they will never stop fighting for their salvation. You have never learned that. You are a disease Hero, a plague.”
“If I’m pure evil, and you are good, and the world needs balance in order to survive, than wouldn’t destroying me defeat your purpose?”
She smiled at him. “You are no fool.”
“I’m my mother’s son.”
“There in lies the rub.”
He stretched his hand to her, and she looked down at it in speculation. Hero grunted at her to take it, to join him. Lina shook her head.
“Mother,” he said softly, before she shoved her claws into his human chest and removed his beating heart. It was black and dripping and it thumped with millions of voices. The ground beneath them shook and the earth split open with them both clinging to one side. The pit went on for miles and at the bottom fires spouted and lava burned in a raging pool. Hero gasped and choked in her arm. “Don’t, please!” he begged her, making his human face grow younger and younger, until she was left holding an infant boy in one hand and its tiny black heart in her other. Lina’s eyes filled with tears as the child wailed in her arms. She looked at his screaming face and for one split second she did waver, until the babes eyes turned from cobalt to obsidian.
And then, she let go.

The genteel trees that had formed the blockade slowly unraveled themselves and ducked back into the earth. As the natural wall came down the wolves and the vampires slowly walked through the dust and smoke. Will and Jaime ran ahead, searching for Lina. Jaime came to the edge of the volcanic hole. He stared down into the smoke and fire.
“She’s gone?” someone asked. A few elders searched the area for Lina but none could find her. Jaime trotted to Will, sniffing the ground and whining. Thomas and Charles and the others came to their side. They began to howl.
“I can’t believe she destroyed him. She saved us,” said Mora. Ellie took her in her arms and they dropped their heads. Lorne came to Will and Jaime. He could barely look at them.
“I don’t know what to say. I’m so sorry, for your loss.”
The wolves around them continued to howl and the cacophony only grew louder. It was sure to reach miles away to the mansion, and then the coven would know, their queen was dead.


48. Redeemer
The councilman and his band began making their way down the south trail. McNair and his pack lingered, unsure of where to go, and also not wanting to leave Will and Jaime alone at such a time. McNair came to their side, and then the rest of the wolves did the same. Lorne and the Dam Ilah paused down the hill. He looked at them and knew, they couldn’t leave, not yet. Lorne made his way through the crowd to the front of the flaming pit where Lina’s kings sat, their heads down on the ground, whimpering. Will and Jaime acknowledged the vampire’s strong hands at their backs.

Someone began to cough and choke. The wolves looked around before Collin leapt for the edge of the crater. A hand was gripping the earth and he took it in his muzzle and pulled. Cal assisted by biting his tail so he wouldn’t fall in. Lina landed on top of them, gasping for air. They scooted out from her and began licking her hair and face and barking for Will and Jaime and the others. The rest of the wolves howled. Lina was covered in ash and soot and blood. In her hands beat Hero’s heart. The council members stood around her in relief, and watching the heart. On the outside of their unbroken ring, hundreds of demons bodies lay burning, the stink of their blood mingling with the volcanic pit she’d tossed Herocles into. Will and Jaime stood at her side, phased back and un-clothed. Jaime lowered to the ground beside her, pressing his hands at his groin and dropping his head. Will and the others did the same. No one could speak. Lorne approached, first peering down into the fuming pit and then to her. He reached into his coat pocket, took out a cigar and lit it. He puffed a few times and then gave her a little prompt with his fist. Lina, exhausted and half dead, rose her free hand to meet his fist.
“You’re damn resilient too.”
Lina looked at the bowed heads around her, and then to the heart. She brought her fangs around it, drained it, then ripped the thing in half before sending it sailing down after its host. The councilman flung his cigar as well.
“Good riddance,” he said, turning to her, and taking her arm to help her up.
“Thank you, all of you,” she said listlessly, barely able to look at all of them.
He gave her a little smile. “Queen Ahmose-set,” he said.
The council members and vampire rogues from London disappeared into the mist quickly after that. They wouldn’t linger in this part of the country long now that the threat to their existence had been expunged. Lina looked around to her waiting wolves, many who had gobs of demon blood in their fur and were badly in need of food, showers and rest. Lina rose her hands and soon the bodies of their enemies began falling into the opening in the earth. When all had been disposed of she called out a few ancient words and the hole closed, leaving only a steaming spot in its place. It would cool before anyone noticed and they would be long gone before that. She stared a moment longer, saying a small prayer before she felt a nudging at her back.
“Home?” asked Will.
“Yes, let’s go home.”

Lina stood outside the mansion, watching the blue sheen. As the wolves each phased back to human form, Lina undid Ahkmenotep’s magic, this time for good. At the top of the stone staircase the double glass doors opened. She turned to the men. “You’ll find all you need inside.” McNair’s golden eyes were bloodshot and there were cuts above his brow and over his bare chest. His man were battered pretty badly, as were the rest. Some had lost quite a bit of blood and would need to replenish.
“We still haven’t found our brothers. And what about your man?” he said to Will and Thomas.
Lina growled in pain, and her band mistook it for anger. They were shocked and immediately stood down. She didn’t feel well, and totally didn’t feel like herself. Lina wiped her sweaty forehead, and swallowed.
“Hey, are you alright?” asked Will. He searched her eyes, like he was looking for something. Tears welled and Lina backed away from him. He followed her while the others hung back.
“I feel strange,” she admitted, clutching her chest, her neck, her face. “I’m here, right?”
Will grabbed her in his arms, hugging her to his chest. His skin was on fire. “You’re here, oh my God, you are definitely here.”
“God,” said Lina, pushing him back. They stared at one another and then she knew what happened. “I remember.”
“That’s good, isn’t?” he asked her. He couldn’t help but be happy that he’d not had to lose her, but he also knew that the separation she’d just suffered, in order to save them, was crushing her. He and Jaime would do everything in their power to help ease her way back.
“It’s good,” she said. Inside she felt what Herocles had once called, a slow build of death. She wondered if this sickness would ever subside, and if she’d ever feel at peace again.
“Look!” Thomas crowed, slapping Will’s arm. He tried to go after his brother, pulling Lina with him but she was planted. Will’s eyes filled.
“Did you do this?” he asked her. Lina didn’t say anything, only closed her eyes and sighed and Will kissed her head once before running after Charles and Thomas.
Coming through the obelisks was a haggard looking group of men. Their clothes were filthy and some torn, and most had no shoes on. When they saw McNair and Collin they started running. An elder man in his fifties cried when Collin and Cal reached him and he tried wrapping his arms around them but they beat him to it, nearly knocking him over. There were fifteen, and McNair couldn’t have been happier to have them home. He turned over his shoulder to catch Lina looking at him. She smiled and placed her hand to her heart.
Thank you, he sent to her.
“You’re welcome,” she said aloud.
They hadn’t really been harmed, a few cuts, some bruises, nothing they couldn’t be healed from. They could start re-building their lives together, above ground. Her throat burned to see Will take Lydas into his arms. Thomas, Charles, and Aeron circled, wrapping them tightly with Aeimil and Sitre on the outside. Jaime turned to the outer roadway.
“There they are!” he shouted, laughing. Sitre spun out of the boys’ embrace and held her hands out for Ah-hana. The little girl started running but instead of stopping to her mother, headed straight for Lina.
Lydas’ daughter, clothed only in a small white nightgown slowed when she was ten feet away. She walked barefooted, carrying in her arm a stuffed animal. When she got to Lina and looked up her dirty face was streamed with tears. Lina immediately picked her up and held her tight to her body.
“Did they hurt you?” Lina asked, terrified at what the child had, had to see.
“No, scared me is all.”
“I’m sorry for that. I’m sorry they took you away, and that it took me so long to find you, but, you are very brave.”
“Don’t cry aunt, don’t cry,” Ah-hana said sweetly, grabbing hold of Lina’s neck again. Sitre came up behind and embraced them. Lina leaned back and wiped the little girls face.
“Where’s your brother?”
Before either could answer a little wolf, no more than a year in size, trotted through the obelisks. He stopped in the middle of them to look up. Lydas gave him a little hoot, and the pup shook his ears and ran to his father. McNair and the men slapped each other’s arms and roared with laughter.
“Look at him! Man on his own!”
“Right?” said Lydas, grabbing up Aikos in his arms. The boy licked his face. “The whole time he wasn’t afraid. He knew his daddy would find him!”
“It’s good to have you back,” Lina told Sitre. Her guardian was so tired, she could barely hold up her head anymore. “Time to rest.”
“That sounds wonderful,” she said.
Lina gave Ah-hana to Sitre and started herding all of them back inside. Sitre walked right next to her, like she was afraid Lina might disappear.
“Did they hurt you?” she asked her, weary of her dear friend’s answer. Lina knew firsthand what the Shayateen were capable of. Sitre inhaled sharply then glanced at Lydas. After a moment she turned to Lina.
“I have my family back. Nothing in this world, or any world, could ever hurt me again.”

***
“Lina?” Anchille called. She walked beneath the staircase and found him seated in a chair. Everyone had gone to get food, or shower, or find any place to lie down. They would spend the next several weeks recuperating and getting settled.
“Anchille.”
“They’re all home,” he said.
“They are.”
He was restless. Lina held out her hand to him. He looked at it a bit frightened at first until she gave him a nod of strength. “I’m afraid.”
“You?”
“Even an immortal of my years can fear,” he said.
“She wants to come back to you Anchille, and I’m guessing she only needs a little push, from you.” He was still unsure, but he took her hand. They slipped quietly down into the crypts. Ashmolean and Khan ran in fast behind them.
“You’re not waking her up without us!” Khan shouted, jumping between Lina and Anchille. Ash was more cautious, and kept to the back. Like Anchille, he worried that they’d lost their mother forever. He didn’t want to entertain false hope. Lina brought he and Anchille’s hands together and then went ahead after Khan.
In the crypt, Khan was perched over Isis’ tomb. “Can I open it?”
Lina signaled patiently for him to get down. “Come stand next to me. Let your father do it.”
Anchille gave Ash a hug and kiss and then he walked to his wife’s sarcophagus. He pulled it up to reveal her body and drew back in a hiss when it was empty. “What is this?! Where is she?!” Ash was about to leap for his father but Lina held him back. Khan jumped down from the stone and went to his father’s side. Lina pointed to the darkened archway where the rest of their beloved slept. Anchille’s heart thundered in his chest as Isis, aglow in the firelight, walked up the three small steps into the main room.
“I’m here husband.”
Anchille could hardly catch his breath and Khan and Ashmolean embraced in tearful cries at her return. Isis walked to them, took them in her arms, and held them. Anchille and Isis locked on one another and didn’t look away or let go. It was very private and long awaited and so Lina began her ascent up the staircase to leave them in peace together. No matter how shaken she herself felt, or how dislocated from this reality, she had succeeded in bringing her families back together. For the time being she would revel in that success.

***

“Fireworks? Do we really need to draw so much attention to this part of the country?” asked Jaime, rifling through Tristen and Antony’s stash of contraband. “What is that?!” he asked, flipping to what looked like a freaking bomb.
“It’s nothing!” the boys said, covering their wooden box with a cotton sheath.
“Sure, looks a whole lot like nothing!” he snorted, flicking Antony in the head before walking down the driveway toward the gardens. “Idiots,” he muttered under his breath. Thomas and Isha were coming from the opposite direction. He pointed to Tristen.
“What are they up to?” asked Thomas.
“Oh them? They’re planning to burn down the house. We’ll all have to move after tonight.”
“Nice. Nice,” said Thomas laughing, while wrapping his arm around Isha’s neck. “Guess we’re gonna grab our last meal then.”
“Yeah, you better,” chuckled Jaime.
He came to the entrance of the garden. Beyond the gate he watched Lina. She was holding sparklers for their little boys. “Be careful now,” she said, as they took several of them and started running everywhere, circling them in the air to make words and shapes. Jaime closed the gate behind him and made his way to her. They sat together on a granite bench amid the lush trees and flowers. She laid her head in the crook of his neck. “How is everyone? Is McNair still hiding?”
Jaime chuckled. “He’s starting to come out, here and there. Will and I invited him to watch the fights tonight. Don’t know that he’ll come, but, we’ll see.”
“I love your casual use of the term fights, like you’re watching some sporting event on t.v., when in actuality, it’s like a blood ring up there at the cabin.”
“We gotta stay fit. You went and destroyed the evil of the world, and now we have no enemies. What else have we got to do with our time?”
“Drink and be heathens again!” she snickered.
“S’right!”
“I want to thank you both, for working so hard to make them all feel welcome. I know it’s a lot to ask, but we have the room, at least until they decide where they’d like to go from here.” Lina didn’t ever want the new wolves to leave. She aimed to re-build the empire that Isis, and the women in power before had achieved. No matter how long it took, or what she had to do, she would bring the covens of the world together, under her rule. Jaime was in her head. Lina shook free of her thoughts. “Thank you.”
“It’s no problem,” he told her.
“Collin’s dad’s great right?”
“He’s awesome! You know that guy fought during the Middle Ages?”
“Everyone here has a story,” she said.
“Not a one of them like yours.”
Lina peeked at him from beneath his blond hair. He moved it out of the way to see her. Before she could deflect his question, or otherwise manipulate him into forgetting as she always did, Jaime kissed her. When he pulled back she was just opening her eyes.
“I love you Jaime,” she said. He flushed and took her ringed finger to his mouth and kissed it.
“Oh, I almost forgot, here,” he said, handing her his phone. “You ah, broke yours, and so, she got a hold of me instead.”
“Who?”
“Patti.” Jaime got up. He took her chin a second before running to chase after their sons. Lina looked at the phone. She was terrified. It had been a year since Chicago, a full year and she hadn’t once called her best friend, hadn’t wrote her, hadn’t contacted her to explain why she’d been so lousy. She couldn’t believe Patti even wished to speak to her anymore. She looked through Jaime’s phone for her text but there wasn’t one. There was; however, a boatload from Evaline. Lina looked up from her lap.
“Have you answered any of these?”
“I’ve nothing to say to the woman Lina.”
“That’s great. Don’t talk to your mom then. What about your dad? Have you or Jane even thought once about what your being here has done to him?”
“Lina, we have enough problems in this family here, without Jane and I bringing our soiled past into it.”
“Whatever. There isn’t a text from Patti.”
Jaime smiled. “Voicemail.”
Lina brought the phone to her ear to listen. Her belly was in knots.
“You are a difficult woman to track down. This is ridiculous that I’m talking to your boyfriend’s answering machine, or ex-boyfriend’s, or whatever the feck Jaime is to you these days! I would know this information if you’d ever bother to call me. You know, to say, ‘Hey Patti. How’re ya? Oh yes jolly, and fine thanks. How’s school?’ but no, you’re too damn busy! So, I’ve taken it upon myself to come to you. Jaime’s already given me the address there, so don’t try and stop me. I’m on vacation, I need a job, I have no money for school next year, yes, your ex-friend is, a loser. See you in a few days!”
Lina’s face was an uncomfortable smile and scowl sort of thing. Jaime came up and took back his phone. He sat down and they both watched Will and Aeimil chase the babies. “She’s a pill right?”
“Yeah!”
“And that accent. Snotty Chicago chic, to self-righteous Irish broad in like two seconds flat!” He swiped his hands in a hard clap. “Working with her at the marina was a joy!”
“She’s pissed.”
“Duh.”
Lina tucked her tongue in her cheek, waved her hand, and shook her head. “What are we going to do?”
“We, what’s this we crap, she doesn’t care about me, she wants to see you. You owe her an explanation. I don’t see how my personal life, and its, complications, need to be dredged up.”
“James MacLeod!” Lina slapped his leg.
“Miss MacLeod?” he retorted.
Lina rolled her eyes and laughed. “This isn’t funny!”
“I know. It’s tragic.”
“I can’t possibly, even remotely begin to explain to our dear, sweet, human friend, who we all love, you, Jane, and I, more than anyone is this world, what we are.”
“Lina,” he said, taking her hands. “Life may not be short for you, and I guess, in the grand scheme of things, ours isn’t either, but for the here and now, it is precious as you said, and it will go fast. Do yourself a favor, don’t waste time keeping up all your walls, no matter who you are, or how you think others will react.”
“Easy for you to say. You’re not going around telling everyone you were once God. Hmm, this looks like the right size straight jacket!”
Jaime laughed and got to his feet. He gave her head a little pat.


Epilogue
“Lina, really, this is,” Patti mumbled between gags, pulling out a filled diaper. “I’m going to barf I swear! I didn’t come all the way from Dublin to see you after all this time, to change your kid’s stinky poo pants!” Patti dropped the mess into the trash and went to the basin to wash her hands. She came back a moment later, towel in hand, and headed for the crib. Patti pulled her brown curls from her face in order to better see the culprit. The black haired boy stared up at her, smiling. He reached a hand out to her, then he gave a little sweet whistle of breath and kicked his legs. Patti wrinkled her nose. “Stinky poo,” she called him. Lina was nursing in bed and her friend came to her side and sat down. They took hands as the sound of suckling filled the air. Patti shook her head and pulled the covering back to see the blond boy. “Gaw! Look at this. What a face.”
Lina grinned. “It’s a good one.” Patti agreed, while trying to judge accurately their age, based on their size. They were advanced she thought, but still so small. They were also too old for her friend to have had them as recently as she did. Lina knew Patti was trying to figure things out. She remembered her first encounter with Ashmolean and Khan. The memory was sweet and she tucked it away with all her others.
“You’re so different Lina. You look like you, sort of.” Patti looked at the floor. “I feel like you’re this complete stranger.” Lina frowned, and opened her arm for Patti to slide in.
“No, it’s okay. He’s eating, I don’t wanna, disturb him.”
“Patti, lay down.” Lina fingered her big hair gently, then kissed her head. “I’m still me.”
“You say that while holding Jaime’s twin in your arms, and you’ve got another one over there, who happens to look just like Will. You’re living in this insanely gorgeous place, with all these, people.” She glanced around at Lina’s huge bedroom. “Everything is so big here, the walls, the ceilings, so many rooms, the chandeliers! My whole dorm could fit in here.”
“I think not,” Lina said, moving so the baby could get a better grip. Patti stared at him and he stared back. It caught her off guard and she glanced away fast, like she’d invaded his space. “P, what’s really bothering you, cause I know it isn’t where I live, or who I live with. You’re an adventurer. You always were.” She nudged Patti’s head a little. She was trying her best to lighten the heavy mood. It wasn’t working.
“See you in a few months, turned out to be a lot longer Lina.”
“I know it did.”
“What happened to you?” asked Patti. She didn’t look up and that was good because Lina was literally frozen. “There’s something different about this place Lina. I wish you would tell me the truth. I won’t tell anyone, you know that right. You trust me?” Patti sat up and turned herself around to face Lina. The babies began to stir but Lina’s voice quieted them. “Tell me please. Tell me the truth. Is it like a brothel or something?”
“Patti! Gross!”
“What? Well how the hell should I know! You’re only nineteen, and you have babies already! What am I supposed to think?”
“Cripes Patti, not that!”
“Tell me then,” said Patti seriously.
Before Lina could answer her guardians walked in the door, their eager arms outstretched.
“Is Gavaiel finished eating? I’m dying to hold him!” said Isha. Her violet lenses flashing with excitement. Patti watched in awe as the four Egyptian women moved about the room liked they owned the place. She peered at Lina who only shook her head that it was fine, normal even.
Khala knocked Isha out of the way. “Aeimil and I are taking him first!”
“Girls, Lina has important company, please don’t embarrass yourselves, and besides, you shouldn’t fight. We all will have more than enough opportunity to care for the children,” said Omri in peace. Sitre smiled and began changing the bedding in the vacant crib. Omri came around to the opposite bedside and sat down, looking at Lina and Patti, and then to sweet, fair-haired Azraiel. She ran her finger along his cheek and his crystalline eyes flared like the stars. Patti startled but Omri ignored it. She gave Lina a measured nod before reaching to take him from her arms. Lina righted her nightgown and watched, still with a bit of pain, as Omri walked to the glass doors which led to the balcony. She pulled with one hand the sweeping curtain to reveal the sunlight. “Shall we little one?”
“Omri, wait, don’t you think you better ask Lina first,” cautioned Isha. She gestured for Patti.
“It’s alright,” said Lina.
Omri smiled and signaled for Khala to take Gavaiel from his bassinet. She obeyed and lovingly tucked the boy in her arm as she slowly danced to the veranda. Sitre set her basket down and followed her sisters. Patti stirred to her feet and glanced at Lina, then trailed the ladies outside, where they stood with the babies propped on the stone wall of the balcony. She was horrified and immediately went at them like she would stop them from falling. Lina was at her side. She took Patti’s arm.
“I thought he was Stinky Poo?” she teased her friend.
“I don’t want him to die, what are they doing?!”
“Watch,” she told her. Her friend was still worried for their welfare but she listened.
Omri and Khala beamed at one another before unwrapping the babies from their blankets. They were much bigger than Patti realized, and far sturdier than infants their age should be. “Lina,” she fretted anxiously.
“I promise, it’s fine.”
Omri turned to Lina for approval and Lina waved them ahead. Omri took Gavaiel and picked him up beneath the arms, balancing him. “Up you go,” she told him. Patti watched in surprise as white wings unfurled from the boy’s tiny back. She inhaled and Lina wrapped her in her arms to steady her. Gavaiel squatted once to prepare to jump and then, he leapt, into the air, his wings flexed in the wind as he soared above them. A moment later Khala, holding Azraiel beneath his arms did the same. Patti and Lina watched as her children, her amazingly beautiful children, flew around them. Lina pulled Patti’s attention to the ground below them, where two large wolves stood within the shroud of the wood line. At first her friend stepped back, squeezing Lina’s hand, but Lina only whispered to her to be calm. Will and Jaime phased into human form, and Patti, for the first time really looked at them. She peered back up into the sky where the babies were still flying, and then, she turned to Lina, who mildly shrugged. Her friends green eyes were huge.
“No wonder I haven’t heard from you,” said Patti breathlessly.
“It’s a very, very long story,” Lina told her. They hugged.
“I want to hear it,” Patti told her, crying. She pulled back, and placed her hand to her heart. “I want to hear the whole thing.”

House of New Gods-An Index of Immortals
*denotes past god/goddess origin
- denotes a mate
+ became immortal
God
Creator of the universe
God’s Chosen
Atum-Bringer of Body Manifest
Herocles-The Dawn turned to Darkness; Falls from the grace of God
The Ennead-The Circle of Nine-God’s balance over evil
Atum, Geb, Nut, Shu, Tefnut, Nephthys, Set, Osiris, Isis
The Celestials-Angels, and the whole of God’s collective i.e. aliens of Source, outer beings of Source; the blue orbs etc. Includes all gods, and goddesses of the universe, from each and every pantheon.
OverGods
Sek-met(Lady of the Blood Gods)
Wepwawet-(Lord of the Wolf Gods)
Dam Ilah-(Blood Gods-Sek-met)
Isis*+(Part of the Ennead)-Anchille 
Menaan-Linora
Lyon-Etienne
Vittorio-Aeolian
Ahnri (human mate-Marija)
Ahmenos (human mate-Constance+)
Avati *+(Goddess Abeona)
Ahkmenotep*+(God Thoth)
Ashmolean (Immortal child of Isis & Anchille)
Khan (Immortal child of Isis & Anchille)
Bast-et Guardians-(Protectors of Egypt’s queens-Shapeshifting Mau’s)
Omri
Sitre
Khala
Isha
Siyn na Kakal (Wolf Gods-Wepwawet)
Agmenon-Hekate (Originals to be cursed)
Lycion (Ruler of Lycopolis)-Helsha
William-Lina-Jaime
Thomas-Isha
Charles-Jane
Lydas-Sitre
Aeron-Omri
Aeimil-Khala
Prophets-(Seers to the Kings/Queens of Egypt)
Iaode, Janas, Eurelios
Oracles-(Seeking peace through the blue waters)
Helsha-Lycion
Un-named female
Un-named male
Rogues-off grid Blood Gods, Wolf Gods, and Halflings, not living in a specific sett, and or, paying homage to the queen.

Musical Inspiration (Pandora)
Azam Ali
Macedonian Traditional
Ellie Goulding
Sam Smith
Hozier
Lindsey Sterling
Awolnation
Flight Faculties
Nina Simone
Roy Todd
Yiruma
Sleeping At Last
Lana Del Rey
Pentatonix
Slim Harpo
David Lanz
Zeb
Leslie Feist
Kings of Leon
Ed Sheeran
And many other exceptional artists whose pieces fit in this story in the most beautiful way!


About the Author
S.A. Geary lives in San Antonio, Texas. She spends her days raising two boys, home-schooling them, and in between the hustle and bustle, she writes. S.A. is also an artist, and hopes to one day operate her own gallery/apothecary where she can showcase her own works, as well as others. Her dream is to find a three story brick building, large enough to house all her projects, as well as serve as a haven for other creative souls. House of New Gods is her very first published work, and fans of the series can expect much more in the next installments. Visit the following links in order to view bonus material, news of upcoming projects, and more!

Contact the author:
http://www.sagearyauthor@gmail.com
http://www.sageary.com
http://www.sagearyauthor.blogspot.com/
https://www.twitter.com/1Cherie1979
