The Unseen
#1, Shadow Brokers
A Kingdoms of Ash Novel

By Gregory Blackman
Published by Gregory Blackman at Smashwords
Copyright 2015 Gregory Blackman

All right reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored, or transmitted in any form without the prior written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales, is entirely coincidental.
Written in Canada.


Front Matter
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Gregory Blackman’s Collection

*Released or Coming Soon*

The Reaper Saga:

Duster and a Gun
Reaper’s Dogma

The Kingdoms of Ash Saga:

The Unseen
Blood Ties
Tip the Scales

Join Gregory Blackman’s newsletter to receive updates on new eBooks. One email will be sent upon the release of every new book. You’ll never be sent spam and your email will never be disclosed to others.
Click Here to Join
Description
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

The time of man is at an end, only no one has bothered to tell the men and women who live upon the land. Too busy fighting their proxy wars, the kingdoms of Amor are soon to find that nothing could’ve prepared them for what is about to come next. The shadow brokers, the ones hidden in plain sight, have cultivated a land of ignorance and deceit where those that rule can’t trust their followers and their followers can’t trust anyone at all. The world’s only hope rests in the hands of a small party of grifters, those less inclined to fight for their beliefs than they would be to fight for gold. Will the world accept their errant saviors? Or will the hand of man seek to strike down those who might rise up against them?

Warning: This eBook contains graphic imagery and coarse language.

World Map
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman


Table of Contents
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

01 A New Age
02 Cold Shoulders
03 The Giant’s Horn
04 The Shift of the Eyes
05 No People of Mine
06 Into the Wild Lands
07 Wisps, Kaerns, and Even a Wyrm
08 Unwelcome Guest
09 Wolves of the Midst
10 Grifters and Sultans
11 The Ashen Court
12 The Slumbering Giant
GT Glossary of Terms
Chapter One
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

A New Age

A traveler doesn’t wander this far off the beaten path. He knows better, and if he doesn’t, he won’t be a traveler for long. These travelers, this group of four, had walked this particular path, in the dead of night, well aware of the dangers that lurked behind every bend. The wind howled, masked all but the loudest cracks of thunder that signaled the coming storm in the distance. One might readily believe these four individuals found themselves scaling these stone walls by way of unfortunate circumstances. Yet, here they chose to be, tonight, and they would soon choose to line their pockets with as many valuables as possible. There was a fortune to be made here and they had ambitions to steal the bloody lot of it; ambitions that would never be closer than they would on this night.
“Do you want to get yer wet haunches off my side?”
“They’re not on yer side!”
“Well, it feels like wet dog fur,” the rotund figure noted as he brushed his companion aside and continued to shimmy up the ancient stone wall. “Has the same odor, too.”
The two of them would’ve come to blows then and there had it not been for the precarious position they found themselves in; high atop the only tower for miles around with nothing but the whistling wind to keep them company. These two were stockier than the average thief, a pair, but they weren’t alone in the night. They were followed by two others, only a few yards below, quick to grab at the stones left behind for them.
These grifters weren’t a perfect bunch. They weren’t particularly well intended; but in the end, they would find themselves more fortunate, and more infamous than any of them ever dared to dream. Yet, such glory was still but a pipedream for this group of four; something the raven haired leader of the group was quick to remind them of.
“Knock it off, the two of you,” said their leader, her fiery attitude not lost in the blackness of night or howling winds by the two above her. “Your bickering will get us caught by even the smallest minded of guards. We don’t need this. Not now.”
“I’ll be a dwarf without a cave before I acquiesce to this beast.” 
“Yeah,” said his wet, furred companion, “me, too.” 
“Oh, shut up!” Korine paused to take stock of her surroundings, but soon returned to the offensive once she was sure that no guards looked down from a window above. “Keep it up and I’ll see the two of you down this tower the quick way!”
The dwarf and his wooly cohort didn’t say much after that. None of them did, for it was a perilous journey, straight upwards, to heights mirrored by the Mammoth Mountains in the distance. It wasn’t fate that put them here. It was chance—that, and the drunken ramblings of a spurned sellsword.
After more drinks than the dwarf Axel Thorogard or the furry Finley Mudbottom could count, and more coppers than Korine Dorset wanted to part with, the group gained the location of this mysterious tower in the northern reaches of the Cordisan Flats. A direct assault would prove deadly, as told by the drunken mercenary, and to leave this most remote of towers alive, one would need to take a defter approach to pilfering.
The three of them watched as their silent partner climbed the tower apart from them. Whether Dashe Kol was motivated by the fortune to be found above or the problems that awaited him below, there wasn’t a thing that could be done to deter his newfound enthusiasm. Not unless their hot-headed leader wanted to alert every guard inside.
There wasn’t another word said between them while they climbed, and they climbed. Each knew well the cost of failure, and if they didn’t, a glance towards the rapidly expanding landscape would remind them of what happens to a careless thief.
Dashe was the first to reach the tower’s highest window, which he shimmied through without the slightest look or signal to those below. That left a confused Korine Dorset to search the shadow for her fellow companion. When no sign of Dashe could be found, Korine changed the party’s course towards the balcony one floor below.
Dashe emerged from the darkened room onto the balcony and gave his friends all but a moment before he secured the rope he brought and retreated to explore the room. He fumbled around for awhile with his hands extended outward. After some time, he found an unlit torch affixed to the wall to aid him in the search.
“Curse the divines,” grumbled Dashe as he checked every pocket on him, and then checked them again. “Where did I put that flint?”
He found it after he managed to convince himself the flint must have found its way there since his last search. Dashe proceeded to light the torch with a dumbfounded expression sketched across his youthful face. With his soft complexion and oaken mane he hadn’t the face one would expect a grifter to possess. He was wide-eyed, slow to trust and quick to learn, but those lessons would rarely prove to see him a better, more respectable man.
The room took a different tone once the light seeped into the corners. No more was it the ominous tower that stands alone on a barren landscape. It could have been anywhere, anytime, at each and every one of his many heists. Towers such as this called to him and his compatriots, though rarely did they prove as fruitful as they desired. What made this tower any different? In truth, it held no difference at all to the young, inexperienced rogue; but when one’s desperate enough, and hungry enough, one will go to just about any length to make a better life for oneself.
He didn’t even know the proper name of this tower, nor the last he’d seen to plunder; but this particular tower was said to have been constructed by the dwarves of Highgard and that still meant something in these lands. 
Those once proud and masterful dwarves are long gone from the world, their descendents a subjugated people, the bulk of the empire’s slave workforce. Yet, despite the kingdoms of man and their best efforts, their artisan legacy lives on and threatens to outlast their oppressors. Now this tower was known simply as the Watchtower to bards and bandits alike. It was a tower not claimed by knightly forces and said to be haunted grounds they would leave another to hold. That made it the ideal home for cutthroats, robber barons, and necromancers in its many cycles watching over Amoria Major. None of whom held the Watchtower for long. The haunted spirits inside would see to that one way or another. Another army with another warlord would seek out this tower and all the plunder that awaited them and, just like that, it would have a new landlord, a new name, and a new deadline soon to expire. 
This time it was different, swore the drunken sellsword until he was blue in the face. Worked there over two cycles, he bragged as if it was some great honor, saw all too many mischievous spirits inside, but not once did he see anyone enter or leave the tower.
All those grand tales but Dashe could’ve sworn he had been here before, in some other grand apartment. Maybe he would find a few coppers, a royal silver if he was lucky, but no treasure was likely to be found easily. He brought the torch over to the bookcase and tugged on each book in the hope that one would lead to some secret passageway and make this lifestyle worthwhile, but there wasn’t one to be uncovered and he turned in disappointment.
Across from the wayward adventurer stood a hand carved, mahogany desk with the stubby legs fit for a dwarf. The table wasn’t a thing placed upon it, but as the torch came closer, Dashe realized that wasn’t quite true. There, a small, black stone lay in the center of the table, no different than one of the many pebbles that lined the stony shores of the magi lakes near his hometown of Haven.
This stone wasn’t the heist he imagined, but they rarely were in his line of work, and he was moved to snatch up the onyx rock that lay there for just anyone to take. That decision proved to be a hasty one and Dashe recoiled in agony, his finger bleeding profusely over an ebony gem and with a flash of light the blood drained into it and was fire bright, but short lived as the jewel quickly settled a deep crimson.
A rustle in the background and Dashe dropped the blood red diamond into his pocket ending the pain it wrought. Just then, a brush on his shoulder put Dashe on his heels and he spun are with his hands to waist in search of a blade. None was found in time but he wasn’t in need of being saved, for his assailant was his trusted friend and leader, Korine Dorset.
It might not have been an ironclad guard who greeted Dashe in the middle of the night, but she packed every bit the punch of the one and clubbed Dashe over the head before she took his torch. Then, as if nothing happened, Korine Dorset turned from her companion and waved the flame from side to side in attempt to survey the darkened room. 
“There’s a whole lot of nothing here,” she said. “Luckily that can’t be said of the downstairs room the rest of us entered.”
“Really?” an elated Dashe asked.
“Well,” she said, turning back to face her childhood friend, “it’s shiny and it’s the color of gold. That means it’ll sell for top dollar anywhere outside the empire’s reach.”
She could be a handful most times, a downright brat the others, but she was their leader through the good cycles and the bad as well. Korine’s smile was tender, her green eyes deep enough to pierce one’s soul, and when she pressed upon a man for answers he would inevitably melt. Her black hair was cut shorter, shoulder length, so that she might pass as a man when it proved necessary; and in the male centric lands of Amoria Major it often proved necessary. 
Korine and Dashe were soon joined by the stout silhouettes of their two missing companions who approached as fast as their little legs to carry them.
“We’ve got company,” a hurried Axel said with a pull on his wiry brown beard.
“Are you certain?” Korine asked.
The dwarf and his similarly sized partner in crime looked back to each other before they seemed confident enough to respond.
“We’re pretty sure,” Finley said with a twirl of his quarterstaff.
A deep, resentful growl erupted from Korine and she brought a hand up to rub her furled brow. She pointed back to the door they had entered, and said, “Get back down there, and don’t come back unless guards are at the door!”
Axel snorted once in disapproval, balled up his fists in anger, and stormed back from the shadowy stairs from where he emerged. His furred companion, Finley Mudbottom, was quick to join his side, with the clank of their many stolen goods to carry them out of the room.
They descended into the lower floor where they had heard a rustling, but on closer inspection it turned out to be a common rat. That didn’t sit well with the tightly wrapped Axel Thorogard, wet, hungry, and ready to get as far away from here as possible.
“Miserable harpy,” Axel grumbled into his collar, “always bossing us around.”
Finley, forever the mediator among the group, was quick to remind that, “She knows best. She kept us alive all these cycles, too. You, out of some labor camp, and me, out of some royal’s private collection.”
“Her best be damned,” griped Axel with a subtle bite of his lip in recognition of the little companion’s words. “She keeps waiting for that oaf to make his move. Holdr, bless me, that libido of hers is gonna get us all killed!” 
The sound of footsteps from the floor below put an end to their argument. Axel took off for the nearest door with Finley hot on his trail. There were only a few rooms to separate one stairwell from the other, but they hadn’t the manpower to hold them. Not if the sellsword’s tale ring true.
“Bar the door!” the dwarf shouted.
Finley looked at him with confusion, unsure how to see the task to completion. “How do you suppose I do that?”
“Oh, for Highgard’s sake,” Axel said as he grabbed at Finley’s quarterstaff. “I’ll take care of this mess you’ve gotten us into.”
“Me?” asked Finley, his hands still extended as though his staff was still with him. “What are you talking about? I didn’t do anything. Hey! I’m talking to you!”
Axel thrust the quarterstaff through the iron handles until he could no longer shimmy the warped staff in. It wasn’t much, but it would buy them enough time to get back to the balcony and be gone from this foul place. When the dwarf turned back to his companion, he found a fouler mood to greet him, sour at the loss of a prized possession.
“You owe me a shiny,” Finley demanded.
“You can take it from my cut if we make it out of here alive,” Axel growled as he forced his friend up the stairwell. “But I get to determine the amount, you greedy, little beastkind.”
The two of them burst into the dimly lit study where they found an angry Korine Dorset and a confused Dashe Kol. Their haughty leader was about to scold them for their intrusion, but the look of terror stricken upon the face of smallest of her companions told her all she needed to know.
There weren’t many sights that could shake Finley Mudbottom’s inquisitive spirit, but unfortunately for the group of four, armed men was among those sights. Unlike his stalwart dwarven ally, Finley wasn’t born into slavery. He was born into the wild. It was a cruel, animalist lifestyle that would’ve broken a lesser man, but Finley wasn’t a man.
“It’s time, lass,” said the dwarf, flatly.
“You think?” Korine asked. She grabbed at his knapsack and stuffed a few of his valuables into her pockets to level out the load. “Since the two of you botched the job, we can’t exactly return to the balcony. Get your weight down a little more and we’ll use this window and climb down to Dashe’s rope.”
Axel cursed at the request, but got to the task and emptied himself of all but the most precious of metals. It was his furred companion that had the real difficulty with the orders and stared back at his leader, flabbergasted and without words to describe such a demand. 
“Now,” Korine repeated.
Finley reluctantly agreed to her terms and dumped most of his belongings onto the floor. With the last of his trinkets in hand, he looked to Korine with soft eyes and slight whimper in his belly, but still she wouldn’t budge.
“You owe me a shiny,” Finley demanded.
Axel took note of the remark and cut in with a, “Greedy, little beastkind,” and, “I’ll give you something shiny to wear.”
“Fine,” Korine seceded to keep their withdrawal at a steady pace. “I’ll buy you whatever you want when we get to Slaven.”
“Wait,” said Dashe, stumbling nonchalantly into the conversation. “Does anyone else hear that?”
The group looked uneasily at one another while the torch in Korine’s hand flickered in and out of existence. That’s when, one by one, each of them heard what Dashe wanted them to hear, and they didn’t care for the sound one bit. It didn’t take long for the guards to break Axel’s offering and soon the group found themselves in a fleeted escape from the tower they so carelessly scaled. 
“Hastily now!” shouted Finley, channeling Korine as best he could, to the dwarf lagging behind. “You might be a dwarf, but those two left feet are your own problem!”
“Oh,” grumbled Axel, “put a broadsword in it.”
The group of four stole trinkets, baubles, and more than a few alchemic odds and ends, but they hadn’t any idea what their fortune was worth. Not truly. They weren’t even privy to the truest prize in the lot. What they were was gone, down the rope to the rocky hills where four horses waited to take them to the nonaligned nations, where the empire’s black market flourished. There, the group believed the tower’s retribution behind them, but they would soon learn that the borders of men held little sway to the dark forces they had just robbed.
*     *     *     *
“It is as he predicted,” the shrouded figure said to his dark companion. “The blood stone reacted to his touch, but more so, it filled to the brim. The boy is what he thought, but are we so assured in our path that we can allow those commoners to make off with our holiest relic?”
“It matters not where they go,” his cohort answered overtop the winds and calls of thunder. “Our agents are everywhere. Soon they will fall under our sway and the blood stone will be returned to us, only this time it will be prepared for the task to come.”
These men, clad in cloaks as black as their souls, stood atop the Watchtower’s roof while the rain cascaded down onto them. No other words were said between them, for none needed to be said. Not until their relic was returned and the one that stole it in their custody. They watched as the group approached, waited while the group painstakingly scaled these walls and they even kept the tower’s guards at bay as long as they could, all to see how one would react with another.
These two figures had a sellsword to compensate. 
Chapter Two
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Cold Shoulders

The Age of Man drew to a close. It was the 6140th cycle of the Amorian calendar, known as the fourth age, a time when no landmass escaped the reaches of men and their armies. The elven people were scattered, the dwarvish enslaved, and all those left capable of mounting a proper defense already sent to the fires. It was a glorious time to be alive, if one found themselves to be of proper bloodline and race.
At the center of man’s universe stood the ashen isle, an island city of dwarven construct that now served the humans that bound them. To those far from the isle’s gaze, the Ashen Isle was the story of everlasting hope and honor, where the highest of the high mingled with the lowest of the low. That wasn’t the isle known to those that worked within its walls, toiled on its decks, or lay cooped up within its endless supply of barracks. They spoke a different tale, but never out loud, or to anyone less than closest of friend.
The Ashen Isle was a city of luxury and leisure, where one could find anything within the empire’s reach if they had the coin to procure the goods. A labyrinth only dwarves or elves could understand, the city was split into dozens of smaller subsections, each with their own churches, stacked homes, and centers of commerce. You could walk for a day and not find all the districts within the isle, and yet, in the end,  all roads seemed to lead right to the steps of the royal palace. From the crowned arches of the fortress top to the lower reaches of the docks, the entire city was cast in an ashen glaze from where the humans derived its unearthly name. 
It was said a great mountain once stood here, before the dwarves got to it, in their countless number of pick axes and laborers. The only true way to build a city, the dwarves would say, for each and every crack in its foundation represents a flaw. As such, there wasn’t a single brick, nor beam, to be found anywhere within the city, unless the humans brought it with them.
Built during the Age of Incandescence and burned during the Age of Fire, this sacred city had known more bloodshed, for more cycles, than humans that had ever resided within its walls. No one knew if the many stories it inspired were true, for they were the tales of slaves and prisoners, but their questionable origins didn’t stop the tales from finding their way into each and every home on the isle.
It was said the city that surrounded the high king’s manor was the size of the isle itself, but that wasn’t entirely true. Between the docks located outside the western gates and the merchant bazaar of the eastern gates, there was enough fill from the city’s construction for the high king to squeeze barracks to house his never ending armies of fresh faced recruits. 
Otto Lyon, the current high king, sat a tired and troubled man. The nonaligned nations grew stronger and stronger, while control over his kingdom of men withered on the vine. These were lush, prosperous lands, home to more men and women than all the other nations combined, but that opulence made for a weak people, unaccustomed to the harsh realities of war.
There were people in the world that knew war, a great many people from more banners than nations in Amoria Major, and if it wasn’t for the Siren Seas that parted them, the high king would’ve found his lands on fire long ago. These peoples hailed from the northern clans of Amoria Minor, a bitter land home to those that knew well how to weather the harsh realities of the world they faced.
In days long past, Otto Lyon was the spitting image of the son he now looked down upon. He had taken great pride in his appearance, from the ornate plate mail he wore into battle to the wild, flowing tresses of crimson hair that adorned his head, but Otto was no more the young man the isle welcomed to the throne, now that mane had become wiry and grey, strewn about his face in an uncouth manner.
 He was a fallen king. He just didn’t know it yet. He reigned over the three kingdoms of Auslander, Vanoss, and Haroden, and while many heads had held the high king’s crown over the centuries, this century belonged to the Lyon dynasty; a family fractured from within and not without cause for the realm’s concern.
Simeon Lyon, youngest born son to the high king, had burst into the royal court with the stench of his travels not far behind him. He was once the lively one of the family, gregarious as the day was long and often found in the company of the lower classes. Those days were no more. His face was weathered, his blonde mane unkempt and beard tangled with too many twigs and leaves for one to count in the dimly lit court.
If any of the isles’ commoners stood present they would’ve balked at their prince’s appearance and his lack of detailed escort, but there wasn’t one in sight. There were times his father would have to call in the guards to keep the adoring masses away. Those days appeared far removed from today’s, something less objectionable to the young prince than he would’ve once believed. 
Three cycles was a long time to be gone from home, longer for one of privileged birth, but when the tasks of the empire beckoned, there was no greater Lyon to send than the third in line for the throne. He was the expendable one, the one the high king could risk when he needed a royal face in a deadly situation.
Had it been his older brother, Aric Lyon, who strolled these halls, fresh from his jaunt in the vampire lands of Consorta, no doubt the high king would’ve arranged for a full escort. Not for his youngest born. This was the best the high king could muster, the best Simeon Lyon deserved
“You’ve done the throne a great service, my prince,” said the well dressed man with a formal bow. “We received the last of your reports months back and have been eagerly awaiting your return.”
Simeon knew this man well. His name was Eindride Salamenka, but it was not a name he had been called for many cycles. His skin was waxy, shiny, like that of a reptile and his moniker was born, Salamander, the spymaster of the ashen court and the only word the high king would allow to be whispered in his royal ear. No one knew where the man came from, but his pallid color was unknown to all lands except the ports of Pire, a pirate wasteland that would accept any man as long as he had the cash to spare. How he came to this lofted position was even more the mystery, and yet, here he was where so few were allowed to tread.
“Yes,” said Simeon Lyon as he tossed his lycan hide cloak upon the ground, “I can see the admiration in his eyes.”
They were the cold, milky white eyes of a father that would’ve rather seen his son die a hero of the realm than a living failure. Simeon learned nothing of importance, other than a few minor updates to give their mapmakers, no plans of attack, and no allegiances to be had between any of their many city states. Now those revelations stared back at him, devoid of kindness, or any sense of compassion.
Simeon’s sister, Celeste Lyon, rose to ease the tension filled throne room and speak her mind, but the high king would have none of it and stopped her with a single finger raised in her direction. In her late twenties, Celeste was the youngest of the high king’s children, and the closest to his side. By those in the isle it was said that there were none to rival her beauty, from her fair complexion and azure eyes to her locks of gold that cascaded down to her ample bosom and tightly wrapped dress, there wasn’t a woman made to be her equal. That wasn’t quite true, but there weren’t many reasons for a citizen of the isle to be proud. There was Vyers Lyon, the paragon of loyalty and honor, and then there was Celeste, the fairest of them all. Everyone else was dead weight, including the high king that raised them.
The spymaster, Salamander, felt as the princess did, but knew he wouldn’t be so easily silenced. Forever the high king’s biased peacemaker, Salamander took a step down from the throne, closer to the dejected prince, and said, “You must tell us of the barbaric sights to be seen in the northern clans of Amoria Minor. Everyone in the castle is simply dying to know. Did you see the siren of the seas? I simply must know!”
Simeon indeed saw barbaric sights during his time in the northern lands. Awful things, selfish things, all of them best left buried in the heathen world. None of those images mattered anymore. The northern clans weren’t in the early stages of an invasion. The nonaligned nations had their own problems. Acknowledgement of these facts would do little to persuade his father, a man now stuck in his ways, only able to see the world as it was not how it could be.
“Where is my brother?” Simeon demanded to know.
Salamander looked hesitantly towards the high king before he turned back to the returned prince, and said, “Aric was sent to Consorta not long after your departure.”
“I meant my other brother,” Simeon replied. “The one I wasn’t informed of.”
“Unfortunately,” stated the always silver-tongued Salamander, “such topics shall not be broached in the throne room.”
“Says whom,” Simeon barked as he looked around the empty hall with his hands held up high. “I came to speak to my father, not his snakelike pet. No one roams this hall but the four of us. Father has seen to that. Have I fallen into such disfavor that you cast me out of your royal circle?”
The throne room stood silent while it waited for the high king to respond to an errant son. It took some time, far longer than it should have, but eventually Otto stirred from his golden throne. He lifted a finger, boney finger in his son’s direction and motioned for him to come closer.
“You will respect the high crown, boy,” said Otto slowly, his raspy voice sending a shiver down the spine of an already frozen prince, “or you’ll be sent out like the rift raft I have banished from these halls. Happenings are in motion, my court has assured me, and I’ll not have you threaten my empire. You want to do this realm some good you’ll find yourself a suitable woman to bring to this castle. No more of those harlots and hussies you used to prance around with. Think you can manage that, boy?”
Simeon wasn’t quite sure why he expected his return to play out any differently. The high king and he had never seen eye to eye, and three cycles had only seen to widen that gap between father and son.
“Now, now,” said Salamander in an attempt to defuse the situation, “let’s not sour the joy this day brings to our isle. We have our prince back and that’s cause for celebration within the castle.”
Simeon wasn’t foolish enough to believe the Ashen Isle’s denizens would flock to his presence upon return. What he didn’t expect was that they would pass him by on the streets as though he never existed. At least he had the castle, but not even that seemed as though it belonged anymore. This was a foreign place, as cold and distance as the lands he traveled.
“I’m not in the mood for festivities,” Simeon said as he turned on a heel and began to march out of the throne room. “Besides, you can’t rightly get too festive with the help.”
It was a long, solemn walk from the throne to the front arches, but it was one Simeon walked with conviction. His sister finally found her tongue and called out for him to return, but it was too late for the young princess to make her mark and she watched him walk out the doors without a look back in their direction.  His father always spoke of him as the fool, gallivanting around the isle when he should have been captaining the guard as his older brothers had done. It was time to see if the old man was right.
Chapter Three
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

The Giant’s Horn

It was a great age to be alive if your profession happened to fall under the categories of pillaging and plundering. Those that chose the lesser traveled road, the way of honor and loyalty, found themselves at odds with the world around them. Hornshire, a small town in the kingdom of Vanoss that lay on edge of the neutral territories known as the Wild Lands, wasn’t one of those vestiges of principle. It was a poor man’s excuse for a town, more akin to an outpost than anything that may resemble a city or a town. It was in this sad town of Hornshire that two companions decided to meet under quiet pretext.
The wooden doors of the Giant’s Horn tavern came bursting open and immediately dozens of beady eyes rose to meet the newest patron of the night. Cylena Barst was that patron, and also one of those stubborn few destined to go against the grain. She stood apart from the browbeaten crowd of farmers and the continuously unemployed, clad in pristine plate mail that concealed her fair skin and auburn hair cut short enough to fit under her chain coif. Despite Cylena’s choice of clothing, she was unmistakably feminine, and there wasn’t a man in the room that didn’t notice everything from her delicate fingers to the horizontal scar that ran across her button nose.
“Hey there, love,” said one of the tavern’s unrulier patrons, his leering eyes stuck upon her curved breastplate. “Care for a drink with a real man?”
“You know,” replied Cylena without so much as a glance in his direction, “I think I’ll do just that.”
She strode past the man, all the way to the bar where there was a free place beside two vandals in black. Once there, she signaled the bartender with two fingers, and said, “Give me a Petran stout.”
The bartender shot Cylena Barst a puzzled look, but not once did that gaze lower to the bottles at his disposable. “Don’t have it.”
“How do you know?” Cylena asked.
“The lady will have the house ale,” the man to her right interjected. “It tastes like piss and it’s more watered down than the mead, but at least it won’t rot the gut.”
Despite his advanced age, the man beside her permeated confidence, from the white mane that curled around his ears to the icy blue eyes that seeped into one’s soul. He offered her a hand, which she promptly shook, and then paid for the young woman’s drink. 
“So,” said Cylena with a devilish grin inching across her face, “you must be Jaric Goldrun.”
“I see my reputation precedes me,” Jaric said.
“Oh, it was nothing of the sort. I didn’t recognize you in the clothes of, well, of these people.” The eyes in the tavern rose to meet Cylena’s, but she took a swig of her mug and didn’t put it down until their gazes had lowered. “It’s that accent of yours that gave you away.”
“How perceptive of you,” Jaric said, a little disappointed by the news. “I hail from the lands of—.”
“No, no,” interrupted Cylena,  “don’t tell me. If you don’t mind, I’ve been training for an intelligence position and we’ve got to be able to place people. You’re from Wyrmos. That much is obvious. You’re from… the Rhinelan!”
“So sorry, Miss Barst,” said Jaric as his lips puckered, “but you’re not far off. Feracore Falls was my home, but that was a long time ago.”
“No matter,” Cylena said as she took another swig of her mug. “I can still drink to that.”
She looked around the dimly lit tavern to survey her surroundings, and in each of the patrons’ faces she saw the same thing, glances in her direction that tried to conceal themselves the moment she looked their way. She wasn’t bothered by it. She never had been. She could handle herself with a blade better than any man in this room, she reckoned, save the old dog to her side.
“So, why is the high prince waiting for us, anyway?” Cylena asked. “I’m certainly no one special.”
“No, you’re not,” said Jaric, a grin fighting its way to the surface, “but I can see that you will be one day. Alas, that day isn’t today and the prince waits for me. I stayed back on the isle and waited for the high king’s maps to be procured. So, I set sail with the intent to meet up with them before they got here.”
The commander signaled for another drink, but when it came he refused it and made certain that his young lieutenant couldn’t do the same. “Never trust sailors to get you were you needed to be. The damn captain and his poor, drunken excuse for a crew nearly got us into the Siren Seas before we made port in Bramberg. An entire season late, mind you. Well, I don’t have to tell you that. If it wasn’t for that detour I took, you wouldn’t be here. Now would you?”
Cylena knew well the reasons for being here. It was because she wasn’t expected to get here, at all. That detour afforded her the opportunity to make up for lost time and see herself caught up to the one man this army wouldn’t proceed without. She was eager to leave this place, get started, and make that next rank. She made quick work on what remained of her drink and slammed it down on the bar counter when she finished. She gave him a weighted pat on the shoulder, looked him in the eyes, and said, “Well, are you ready?”
These two weren’t quite the same as the patrons that surrounded them in the bar for the sole reason that brought them here, and that reason was the mission. It was a mission shroud in secrecy, orders so secret, in fact, that neither of them had any idea as to what they were. All they knew was they were to rendezvous with the high king’s forces a hundred miles to the south.
The aged commander signaled once to the barkeep before he turned back to his newest lieutenant, and asked, “Oh, don’t be such a cur. What’s the rush? I’m just starting to get a feel for the place. Take off that unsightly coif and kick up your feet. I plan to stay awhile.”
No sooner than the words had left the commander’s lips did he come to regret what had just been said. The doors to the Giant’s Horn swung open to allow its newest patron inside. The woman who sauntered in was a ravishing beauty with the fairest skin, hair the color of the chestnut, and an exquisite silken dress that shouted high society to all within. And despite a bosom that heaved up from its tight confines, there wasn’t a man in the Giant’s Horn that gave her a second glance.
“I’ll be damned,” Jaric said.
“Know the woman?”
“Unfortunately,” the commander answered. “Now you will, too.”
The woman didn’t stop until she reached the bar counter, where she placed her hands upon her svelte hips and looked down her nose at the two soldiers. “Are we going to have a problem?”
“Only if you’ve brought it with you,” Cylena said as she rose from her stool. She moved to take a step forward, but a firm hand from her commander brought a halt to her advance.  
“Watch your tongue,” Jaric whispered.
Cylena was fiery and often quick to aggression, but above all she was a good soldier. Born into the home of a handmaiden and her doting grandparents, Cylena wasn’t afforded the finer things in life, such as a weighted coin purse, healthy diet, or any sort of education. She left that home in Ausland at a young age, determined to make rank in the high king’s armies. It wasn’t an easy task before her. She had seen many men pass by her, lesser men, all because she wasn’t the correct sex. Unfettered by the blatant discrimination she fought, and overcame, all to land her in these lands tonight. 
She owed Jaric Goldrun a great deal, so she backed off the woman in crimson silk and crushed velvet. She sat down on her stool, spun back around to order another drink, and said, “It’d be my pleasure.”
“Glad to see your mongrel can at least take an order,” said the woman dryly. “My name is Isla Elfslayer. I’m the duchess of all that touches ground in Wailwood, and if you knew a damn about me, you would’ve consulted me before you planned to move thousands of men through my borders!”
“Is that so?” asked Jaric, nearing the end of his patience. “I wasn’t aware a high king has to ask permission from a duchess.”
As if the duchess could sense the smirk of a young female lieutenant she scowled at the two soldiers and quickly recanted her statement. “Of course the high king doesn’t need to consult with those beneath his station. Those under his command, however, would be wise to listen to what I have to speak and the maps I posses.”
“I hear you loud and clear, duchess,” said Jaric with a roll of his bloodshot eyes. “How much do you want?”
Isla Elfslayer’s demeanor changed without delay and her sour face washed away the moment the chance for gold was brought to the table. While she had more than most in the world, one of her stature couldn’t rightly pass up the opportunity for more; even if she had to step on her own people to do it.
“That’ll be a hundred golden ones,” said the duchess, salivating at the thought. “Double if you want the routes not to take—.”
Cylena Barst tried her best to hold her tongue but this shakedown reached her limit and was about to shout from the top of her lungs, “There’s not a chance in the nether that we’ll pay that bribe!” when her commander hopped off his stool and spoke the words that she could not.
“I think not,” said Jaric, shaking his head. “We have maps supplied by the tower of the magi. Maps that were not so easily procured, I might add.”
Yes,” said the duchess with a wily smirk, “you’ll take them right into an elven ambush. My people know the elves, and more importantly, they know how to avoid them.”
The aged commander turned from the duchess to his lieutenant and offered her a gloved hand. “You’ll have to forgive the two of us. We’ve got a long road ahead of us and not much time to get there.”
Cylena Barst couldn’t help but notice the sanctimonious glower upon the face of Isla Elfslayer as the two soldiers passed her by. A better soldier would’ve put it out of their minds and continued to the doorway, but at this moment she wasn’t a better soldier. Cylena was a tired, hungry soldier that now had to face the prospect of another hundred miles on the road, so she made a farewell gesture to the duchess, a wave goodbye with a sole finger up on each hand.
“You’ll be sorry!” Isla bellowed as the two soldiers walked out of her tavern. “You’ll all be sorry! The elves will eat you alive!”
Chapter Four
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

The Shift of the Eyes

The group of four was never more at home than when they were on the seldom traveled road. There, Korine could let what hair she had down, Axel could remove the fake chains that bound his wrists, and the diminutive Finley could unbutton his many overcoats, let his fur fly free with no other humans in sight. Only Dashe proved impervious to the stares the towns of man offered, though that fact seemed to bother him more than it did his peers.
With the Watchtower far behind them, their destination was the nonaligned nations. That meant taking the Iron March to Kaffrika, a land not known for its hospitality or morality, but rather, a place where objects could be moved without worry of an empire intrusion. There, the group would find the value of their troubles, or their valuables would find them cut down in some back alley. It was as dodgy a chance as one could take in the world of Amor, but those were the only chances worth taking anymore.
The South Halls would be home for the next stretch of days, a small track of land that prospered greatly from its proximity to the Iron March, though little of that prosperity seemed to trickle down to the citizens of the South Halls. Located at the tip of the Cordisan Bay, there wasn’t a single town of merit along its winding length, no matter how much was trafficked on its main road.
They rode their horses ragged in their getaway, but that time had come and passed. Now they needed to slow their pace, survey the situation before them, and figure the best course of action for all. That meant a warm bed and a stout mug, more than a few as far as Axel Thorogard was concerned. They were tired, hungry, and in need of a stiff drink. That wasn’t far from the norm for this group, but now they could add four horses, each with those very needs. 
It would turn out that luck befell the bold not once, but twice these last few days, and when the dishonest adventurers needed it the most, the sights and sounds of life were provided to them as they rounded the mountain bend.
“Rahgul,” said Finley, his head titled sideways to read a crooked signpost and dismount his horse at first opportunity. “Nasty name, isn’t it? It just rolls off the tongue wrong; like the sounds Dashe makes when he eats some of Axel’s food by mistake. I wonder where that kind of horrid name comes. Do you know, Korine? You seem to know everything.”
“What?” said Korine, taken aback by the question with her gaze still shifted to the town down the path. “Oh, knock it off, fur ball. You’re not getting a shiny out of me.”
“I know where it comes from,” Axel, slow to pipe up but quick to furl his brow in aggravation. “It is ancient dwarvish.”
His companions took note of his foul mood, all but the smallest who jumped right in with, “What does it say?” 
“I’d of told you if I I knew now wouldn’t I?” Axel spewed as he jumped from his horse. When it seemed as though he was ready to strike Finley, he stopped in his track, bent over, and rifled through his knapsack. It was at the very bottom of the sack Axel found what he sought and he pulled them out with a bizarre sense of enthusiasm.
“You see these?” Axel shoved the iron shackles in Finley’s face. “I’m a slave dwarf. So are you supposed to be, although not very good. You want to know ancient dwarvish, find a free dwarf. Good luck on that one, because I’m nearly certain the last one died a thousand cycles ago.”
“But y-you’re free,” stammered Finley, stricken with panic and looking desperately for some light at the end of the tunnel, “and I’m free.”
“Yeah,” said the dwarf as he shackled his own wrists then moved to do the same to the beastkind, “real free.”
Finley turned a deathly pale the moment the binds touched his skin. His teeth began to chatter and his hands clammed up. He looked back to his leader, not more than five paces away, and said, “I-I don’t want to go.”
“Then stay back,” Axel said as he turned towards the small mountainside town. “You don’t get in the way of a dwarf and a full belly and live to… well… by Odum’s Gate, I don’t know. You just don’t do it, okay?”
“You see how the hunger afflicts me?” Axel pumped his fists into the air and said to the dwarf gods high above; the ones that abandoned his people when the humans came from the northern lands, the ones that abandoned them every day since. “I’m a babbling fool, just like the… well… just like the fur ball!”
Axel Thorogard stomped the ground and swung his fists around like a drunken sailor, but it was to no avail. Finley moved like the wind. He complained, moaned, and made lewd remarks, but once he got it all out of his system he began his journey for shelter and drink. Then he remembered the horse he left behind.
Dashe Kol wasn’t one for stepping into the middle of an altercation, whether it between friends or heated enemies. They were always the messiest of affairs and the ones best avoided if opportunity presented itself. This time Dashe had no such luck and was pulled into the feud he wanted desperately to evade.
“Make sure those two don’t tip everyone off.” Korine said to him. “We don’t want a repeat of what happened in Kasuga.”
“Say no more,” replied Dashe, stepping to his trusted leader’s command. He turned his horse and moved towards the dwarf, who was neither far, nor in any sort of hurry. He was forever the loyal soldier, friend, and brother, even if that loyalty was to a bloody, treasonous fault. 
He remembered well the sight of a hundred Han soldiers, and a hundred Zanto soldiers, armed with razor sharp swords and all of them aimed towards the fleeing group of four. They barely escaped with their lives, all because a dwarf wanted to see if he could cross blades with the reigning champion of the arena. It turned out Axel Thorogard could not, in fact, cross blades with a samurai of that ilk, but he could blind the man with some sand he had in his pocket and make off with the winner’s purse in one fell swoop.
It turned out that the ancient rivalry between Han and Zanto still ran deep within the veins of the attending champions, and soon the group found themselves in full sprint from a mob of the unlikeliest sort. It wouldn’t be until they reached the borders of Consorta, however, that the group would learn that it wasn’t the stolen gold the champions hoped to attain, but instead the honor taken from them when their sacrificial tournament had been tainted by poor sportsmanship. It wasn’t Axel’s finest hour, nor was it his lowest, but the group ate for months afterwards and for that they could thank him. But not before they cursed him for good measure.
One couldn’t blame the dwarf for his lack of civility and downright ill temper. Axel Thorogard had been a slave his entire life, and while that might not have meant much to the likes of Finley Mudbottom, that meant over one hundred cycles bound to serve the people that enslaved his race. Korine might have saved his life. He might have saved hers. Whatever happened that night they found each other, it never left the grisly, old dwarf.
One didn’t often play the game of poor souls in the group of four, for each of them had half their hand in the bag before the game got underway. Axel Thorogard was a slave dwarf of honor. Korine Dorset was a subclass of human, female, relegated to the home and refused the opportunity to take up the blade, the vote, and the rights to land ownership. Dashe Kol was a fugitive in his own lands, cursed by his own brother, and forbidden from a home that had loved and nurtured him. There was only one of them that refused to take part in the game, and in many ways he had the most claim to the title of poor soul.
Finley Mudbottom was a man, if one could call him that, aged eleven by best estimates and born into the wilds of Kaffrika. It was a miracle he survived, even more so that he evaded capture and imprisonment. Every day the furred, awkward beastkind walked among men he risked his life, but to do anything less wouldn’t be living. Not for Finley who looked back at the world with the youthful outlook and exuberance of a child.
It was nothing many overcoats and a beard of Axel’s back hair affixed to his face couldn’t solve, but if anyone gave him a close enough look the group would be half a kingdom away by nightfall. His safety they took seriously. Their safety they took even more seriously, and right now, their leader couldn’t risk letting a beleaguered Finley Mudbottom upon this unsuspecting town.
“Are you going to be okay?” Korine asked with tender eyes reserved solely for a distressed kaern.
Finley knew that when his leader’s gaze turned from steel to soft he had her baited. Now he just needed the hook. His demeanor shifted from sour to sweet at the drop of a cloak. He arched his back to look up at his leader with big, brown eyes not easy to turn from, and asked, “Shiny?”
“Blast it,” said a begrudged Korine as she cursed her dumb luck. “You can have your shiny.”
With newfound enthusiasm for their destination, Finley Mudbottom and his atypical leader made their way down the mountain path. The town they looked down upon couldn’t have been home to more than a few hundred, but the billowing smokestacks from more than a few longhouses afforded ample opportunity that one of those fires was home to an inn and tavern. Everything about the town, from its shoddy, weathered construction to its disheveled signage and beaten path, appeared as though its townsfolk had either given up hope, or given up on the responsibilities of land ownership. The Kingdom of Haroden didn’t seem bothered in the least by its town’s desolate condition. Why should its citizens?
 Rahgul was even more miserable up close than it was from the distance, where a plethora of problems could not be concealed by perspective. Korine watched as Dashe passed through while his dwarf slave was hassled. Still, Korine couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief at the sight of her companions getting through without public incident. Now it was their turn to cross that great divide.
“Be cool,” Korine whispered as they neared the two guards that stood watch over the road. “You can put up with a little shame if it gets your damned shiny. Can’t you?”
“Uh huh,” Finley said.
Korine Dorset and her close-at-hand companion walked towards the guards at the gate, ever fearful that this would be the end of their travels together. Those dark feelings festered deep within the pit of their stomachs each time this scenario would play out, and while the group would always seem to pass relatively unharmed there was always that doubt in the back of their minds that next time they wouldn’t be so lucky.
“Hold up,” said one of the guards at the gate.
Korine looked to the small, ramshackle stable to their left where both Dashe and Axel’s horses waited in the cramped confines of their temporary home. She dismounted; made sure Finley did the same, and guided the two horses by the reins into the guard’s plated hands.
His cohort in stained steel took a step forward and gave both Korine and Finley a good once over. He was brutish and thickskulled, but he was thorough in his examination and when his eyes moved to the beastkind they stayed there.
“That’s the oddest damned dwarf I’ve ever done seen,” he said finally.
“Spooked upon first sight,” Korine whispered into her tunic, “better not get too comfortable tonight.”
Korine saw the guard motion for his partner to come take a closer look. She knew it was only a matter of time until they discovered the rouse, or the rouse remembered that his shame did have limits.
“Forgive me,” she interrupted with as rugged a voice she could muster and moved between Finley and the guards, “but I wouldn’t get too close my slave. He’s sick and I heard there’s a slave doctor in Rahgul that’ll patch him up for a fraction what it’ll cost me in Haven. I know what you’re thinking, but I’ve got keep this one alive. He ain’t much to look at, but he’s smarter than the average slave and his stock seems better equipped to handle the fields.”
“What’s he got?” the brutish guard asked.
“Oh,” said a surprised Korine as she tried her best to come up with a diagnosis, “that would be the furballian drip. It’s not deadly, but damn near impossible to get rid of. The wife’s afraid it’ll spread. Gotta keep the misses happy, am I right?”
Korine wasn’t foolish enough to believe a deeper voice and halfcocked excuse would get her to the other side of the gate. She approached one of the guards, and just when it seemed as though she would stick him with a blade, she placed several coins into his waiting hands.
“I’ll get him off your streets quick,” Korine said as she left their horses with the guards and dragged her companion through the open gate.
“That’s right you will,” said the first guard.
“Get outta here,” the other guard added.
The two of them didn’t look back at the icy stares of the guards. They walked hastily down the street, past stalls of snake oil merchants and their overpriced wares. They could see Dashe and the dwarf a few streets ahead as they moved along looking for some sense of order amongst the chaos, no different than before.
“Can I interest you in some water of the magi?” a merchant asked as he grabbed onto the arm of Korine Dorset. “Plucked right from the Sea of Moab, it is. You won’t find any better magi water in all of the South Halls.”
“Not interested.”
“You look like a man in need of a woman,” said the next vendor, jumping in where the other failed. “Have you ever thought about—?”
“Not interested.”
When another merchant was about to enter the picture a stranger from the other side of the street rushed over to intercept. He was dressed apart from his Rahgul counterparts in a purplish suit with matching cummerbund, tails, and the fanciest ten gallon hat that Finley had ever laid eyes on.
“Now, now, Jules,” said the man with the polite tip of his hat, “our friends here won’t be in need of any pixie fire or ork snout.”
He urged Korine and Finley towards the nearest corner, where a more private discussion could be had between the three of them. “You must forgive the citizens of this town. The only strangers we get are the ones that aren’t wanted in the first place, and when folks like you come into town the merchants don’t rightly know how to act.”
“You have my thanks, sir,” said Korine with a stiff shake of the hand. “I thought the Wild Lands were rough, but back there was downright unruly.”
“Yes, well,” said the man, licking his lips full circle, “there are few places in all the kingdoms as worldly as the Rahgul Zoo.”
Just what they needed Korine thought, another salesman with a spiel. This one believed his wares to be above the common sort, dressed in a suit one would believe a noble wore if they had never met a noble before, but the dark truth was that his stock was the shadiest of all.
He pointed towards the end of the street where a large, striped tent had been erected to hide what was no doubt dozens of helpless victims. Korine had seen more than a few zoos over the course of her travels, some grand palaces of the sick and depraved, others mere shacks where the weaker races were beaten and starved into servitude, and this one fell somewhere in between.
“It’s the pride and joy of Rahgul,” said the well dressed merchant, “well, besides the thriving black market and slave trade.”
“I can believe that,” said Korine, flatly.
She knew the diminutive kaern would have strong feelings at the sight of what could be his home one day. The repeated tug of her trousers signaled that the situation was direr than she predicted and she coyly inched her hand down her side to give the young beastkind some amount of comfort.
“I can assure your friend that none of my animals can touch the patrons,” the zookeeper said, noticing the apprehension of the young man’s slave. “The kaerns give us some trouble, nasty buggers, but I can assure you they’ve been recently beaten into submission and won’t bother a soul.”
“That’s mighty fine of you,” Korine said with thinly veiled sarcastic undertones. “You know any taverns that’ll serve my beaten and submissive company?”
The strange salesman lowered his gaze from the fair faced young man to the sickly looking dwarf cowered behind him. “That’ll be the Sunken Drunk at the opposite end of the street. They don’t care what you are as long as you’ve got coin in hand.”
He pointed in the direction of one of the plainer looking longhouses where a few drunks lay stranded outside. It wasn’t much to look at, so it was right at home with the rest of the town around it. As good as place as any never held truer words.
“Well, can I interest you in a ticket?” the merchant asked. “Slaves get in free—.”
“Thanks,” said Korine with as passive a wave as she could manage for the ill-bred, narrow-minded zookeeper, “but I don’t need to fill my slave’s head with any of your worldly sights, now do I?”
If the oddly dressed merchant had any self respect he would have sensed the loss of a sale, but he didn’t. He watched them leave his corner, but he couldn’t stop himself from the hunt, and shouted, “Stop by anytime!” as his only sale in days walked out the proverbial door. 
Korine could see that their portly dwarf was already headed into the Sunken Drunk with Dashe not as far behind as she would’ve thought. Axel was right when he boasted that no one stands in the way of a dwarf and a bar, but that’s only because few can keep pace with one on its way to a drink. Stubby legs, or not, Axel Thorogard would see that theory proven true. Leave it to the dwarf to find the local watering hole before anyone else.
“Hey, Korine,” said Finley with one more tug on her trousers.
“Yes?”
“Thanks for getting me out of there,” he said, timidly. “I couldn’t take another minute with that beast tamer.”
A sullen Korine Dorset stopped on the streets and looked down upon the face of her companion. She wanted to tell him that everything would all right in the end, that they would find a way to free him from that overcoat prison, but there was nothing less assured in the lands of Amor than a long life. They survived today. What would tomorrow bring for the group of four?
“My pleasure,” she said, softly. “That sort rubs me the wrong way, too.”
 “One day we’ll have stolen enough goods to buy our own piece of land,” Finley said, “right?”
“That’s the goal,” Korine answered, but now it was a goal that seemed farther away than ever before, “somewhere where all races are equal.”
The two of them hurried towards the tavern with newfound purpose, eager to take part in some rest and relaxation, preferably both with a drink in hand. The Sunken Drunk might not have been their first choice, probably closer to their last, but for tonight it would be their only choice if they didn’t want to sleep amongst the drunks and vagabonds.
Amor wasn’t the perfect world; it could hardly be considered a good one, but it was the only world afforded to them. Gods be damned, and royals guillotined. This was there world, as well, and in it they would reach for every shiny star that shot their wayward way.
Korine and Finley pushed through the Sunken Drunk’s doors and into a world not so dissimilar to the one they left outside. It was crowded with the sort of people that worked hard jobs for long hours, and by the smell of them. Those jobs must have consisted of slop collecting or pig farming and what could only be surmised as grave robbing by the pockets of sulfur that hung in the air.
“You here with the cute one and the short one?” the server asked as she approached with trays of mead in both her arms. She motioned as best she could to the bar where Axel Thorogard sat, a drink already in his hand and Dashe Kol not far behind with his head nearly submerged in the bosom of another beer wench. “The dwarf seemed to be in an awful hurry. He paid for your rooms and told me to tell the two of you to come on back.”
“That’d be us!” Finley Mudbottom hollered as he bound past Korine and towards his like sized companion.
Korine was less impressed by the sight of her friends than the young at heart Finley and could only shake her head in embarrassment. She followed the quick footed kaern towards the back of the bar where Dashe awaited them with warm hands and a glowing smile.
“Busy night,” Finley said.
“Yeah,” replied a love struck Dashe Kol, eyes trailing from one wench to the next. “Isn’t it grand?”
“We’ll call you when your table is ready, love,” said the hostess as she excused herself from the young man’s side and moved to the kitchen. “Just write down your name on the book over there and one of the servers will call you over.”
Korine wanted nothing more than a quick drink and a long sleep to carry her throughout the next few days. With a crooked smile on her face she signed Dashe’s name into the guest list, fully aware of the implications and eager to watch it all play out.
“That’s the love of my life right there,” said Dashe, watching the hostess saunter to the back of the tavern.
“We’ll see,” Korine said.
Dashe Kol was forever the flirt of the group, traipsing from town to town with the group of four with only thoughts of gold and booty to guide him. Despite his debauchery and lack of sincerity, Dashe was loyal, boyishly handsome, when not covered in a wiry beard from his lengthy travels, and in every town the group traveled he left love starved wives and their enraged husbands in his wake.
“Dash’ay?” the hostess asked from behind the bar counter. “Is there a Dash’ay here?”
The patrons of the tavern snickered at the anomalous forename. Even the bar wenches got into the spirit and burst into bellyful mirth, a fact that bothered the young adventurer to no end. Dashe, pronounced no different than the tactic he used most often in conflict, turned beat red and cowered from both friend and limelight.
“I think the love of your life is calling you, Dash’ay,” said Korine, indulgent grin still pressed upon her face.
“What?” a red-faced Dashe asked, his eyes still searching the tavern for lingering stares and smiles. “Oh, you’ll have to forgive the lass. We’ve only just met. Give her an hour.”
“Yes, yes,” said Axel, chuckling from down the bar counter with a fresh mug in hand, “an hour with you and she’ll be good and proper to be heading for the hills.”
Dashe shirked the attention given to him, his name, and headed to the free table with haste, but when he got to the table he made certain to send, “To the Siren Seas with the both of you!” their way before he sat down.
Korine was quick to join Dashe at the table, and once his mug was emptied Axel slid precariously off his barstool and did the same. One drink, that’s what she wanted, but so rarely in her life was she afforded what she wanted. Not truly. As Korine watched the bar wench head their way with a tray of mead she wondered how much of that drink would pass through her lips before one of her compatriots found a way to ruin her evening. Not long she would soon find out.
“Where’s Finley?” the dwarf asked as he plopped down in his chair with an empty mug in hand. Axel consumed many in a shortened span, but even he, a dwarf who pretended to care little for the furriest of his companions, noticed what his human allies had not. “Where’s that blasted,” he paused to take stock of his surroundings, “Lowgardian hill dwarf gotten us into this time?”
Chapter Five
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

No People of Mine

There wasn’t a street on the isle Simeon Lyon’s name wasn’t muttered. Always in the dark and among the closest of friends, but they were words whispered all the same. There was a time when his name would bring about laughter and cheer. Those days had come and gone. There was little laughter left on this isle and no cheer to be had. 
These were a weary people, a fact that became more apparent with every twist and turn of the ashen road he walked. He headed to the merchant bazaar, a bustling place that never seemed to change as he grew into the man he stood now, in search of the familiar faces and not so familiar ones; anyone that could bring a sense of the old into his life when he so desperately needed it. 
He didn’t speak the whole truth when he spoke to his father and the serpent, and while the northern clans do not seek to usurp the high throne, there was darkness to the lands that lingered in the rivers and valleys, waterfalls and mountains, darkness that wouldn’t be so easily revealed. The high king was a weak, tired king that was blind to the darkness that stirred. Simeon knew this. How long would it take the rest of them?
Simeon found at a young age there were few things in this world a man of wealth couldn’t procure inside the castle walls. For everything else there was the merchant bazaar.
“I’ll be damned,” Simeon said. “This place is a dump.”
The entirety of the merchant bazaar was in disarray, which was a larger problem in itself, as never before had he been able to see it from one end to the other. There were empty stalls, rodents scurrying from one side to the other, and more than one delinquent taking a piss where they thought themselves hidden. The proper amount of coin hadn’t been spent on this district in cycles. So where had it all gone?
This ashen city had stood for thousands of cycles, since it was first gifted to the elves, seen fires rain from a sky blackened by the wings of mighty beasts, but even this storied isle wouldn’t outlast mankind. Not at this rate.
“You there,” said Simeon as he called out to the nearest city dweller. “Would you come here, please?”
The man, dirty and covered in stains be they booze or some other sort, took one look at Simeon and came running over. He could tell by the princes clothes, past the wear and tear three cycles aboard took, that this was a man of means, and for a man of means a few gold coins would mean little. To this man it would mean the world. Sadly, for the man covered in grime, his caller wanted neither.
“You wanted me, sir?” the man asked.
Simeon threw his arms about the air and motioned to everything their eyes laid upon. When finished, he turned back towards the man, and said, “What in the four pillars happened, my good man? Shouldn’t this place be a little bit livelier, if you know what I mean?”
“That would be the port, sir,” said the man, speaking delicately so he wouldn’t slur his drunken words together, “or lack thereof one. The high king closed off the merchant wharf a couple of cycles ago to all but the royal fleet. Not even the other kingdoms are allowed access unless granted special allowance.”
“Is the high king mad?” Simeon balked. “Why would he do such a thing?”
Treasonous speak if there ever were on the isle. The dirty man backed up immediately in response, and said, “I… I don’t want any trouble, sir. You have a drink on me, all right?”
And just like that, the young prince was alone once more in a city tens of thousands strong. He continued down the bazaar, his eyes shifted back and forth between the stalls in search of anyone he might recognize. Vyers was the commander of the Lyon children, forever on the battlefield with the empire’s might by his side. Aric suited the diplomat role more than any other, more often found in the courts than the barracks that lined the walls outside the isle. Celeste was the youngest, yet to find her voice or her passion. Under the tight yoke that was Otto Lyon she might never come to realize that she was the strongest of them all. That left Simeon the odd child out. He was named after a great warrior but not all that handy with a blade, born with both silver tongue and spoon in this mouth but not a diplomatic bone in his body. All Simeon had was the people of the isle. At least, he used to have them.
There wasn’t a face Simeon could place in the bazaar, which he found out sooner than he anticipated as there was hardly a soul here. It was a no man’s land, right in the middle of the isle, where he was more likely to be stabbed in the street than find a friend he may know.
“You know who that is, right?” one of the civilians whispered under the darkness of a canopy. He was a grimy sort of man, covered in what Simeon hoped was mud and mead and chompers that were more gum than teeth. He was huddled with similarly dressed men, and all of them with eyes locked on the prince.
“Should I?”
“Simeon Lyon,” the first man to speak answered.
“Well I’ll be a dwarf’s uncle.”
“There’s no way that’s him. C’mon, Dyad, if he’s a prince then where’s his royal envoy?”
“The last time I saw a royal I damn near got run over by the plated boots of a half dozen guards.”
“It is,” the man known as Dyad hissed. He returned his gaze to his friends when caught in mid stare. “A chap of mine saw his ship come into port. Who else you know gets into port these days but a royal?”
“I heard he bested the siren in combat.”
“I heard it was black magic.”
“Oh, shut up,” said Dyad with one more glance in the prince’s direction. “What are you lot, northern? Where’s your sense? He’s looking over here, for Highgard’s sake. If the guards come to arrest us I’ll make sure it’s your heads that go to the block first.”
Simeon Lyon wasn’t interested in having these men arrested. Nor was he inclined to have their heads upon pikes. Still, he had known little joy these last few cycles and saw a chance to lift his spirits ever so slightly. With a long, drawn out smile stretched upon his face, Simeon took a few determined paces in their direction only to see them all scatter into the back alleys like vermin. 
The truth wasn’t nearly as glamorous. He didn’t come to blows with the siren of the seas and there were no necromancers onboard to perform their black magic. His passage came upon secrets learned from the pirates of Pire. He used a slave vessel to lure the siren out while he slipped through unnoticed. Not exactly the sort of tale a bard would sing if he wanted to make any coin. When it came time to return, another vessel filled to the sails with slaves with sacrificed. Two vessels filled with innocent lives, all sent to the bottom of the sea so that a high king could learn what his court already knew.
The familiar sound of steeled boots put to purpose brought Simeon from a dreary memory and back into the world that surrounded. He looked to the end of the bazaar where a regiment of the high king’s troops marched in unison. Simeon never believed he would be glad to see the armed guards. Often they were at odds with him and his partying ways. Yet, as it was with the bazaar he stood in, things change and they change fast. He stepped out from the darkened canopies of the bazaar to where the sun shone upon him and the men sure to come this way.
The soldiers passed without a one of them giving Simeon a second glance. In this regiment he saw only adolescence and ill training. They didn’t recognize him because they didn’t know him. They didn’t know his face, and they didn’t know of his ill repute. These were the young, eager faces of boys not yet experienced in war. A few cycles in the Wild Lands would change all that for them. His father would be sure to see to that.
“Sire?” a familiar voice asked from behind. “May I have a moment?”
“Leave it to the spymaster,” said Simeon as he raised his hands in surrender and turned to face the man, “to be the only man on this earth capable of sneaking up on me.”
“You flatter me,” he said, coyly, “but I was hoping to get the chance to discuss your return in private. It would seem your official return provided us little chance of that.”
Simeon never cared much for the unknown. It may even be the root of his distaste for the snakelike spymaster. Despite his reservations Simeon let the man speak his mind. There were details that bothered him, as well, and if there was any man of the isle that held the answers he sought, it would be this man. 
“So?” asked the prince after some time had passed. “Let’s discuss.”
“I’m afraid delicate subjects should fall upon lesser ears,” the spymaster said as his eyes darted from one corner of the bazaar to the next. “I have lodgings not far from here. Let’s go.”
Simeon waved his hands in protest, his feet firmly rooted in the ground and not likely to be moved anytime soon. “That’s not happening, Salamander. You’ll speak here, among my people, or you won’t speak, at all.”
For the first time in Simeon’s life he saw the spymaster caught off his guard. A better man might have taken the opportunity to mend fences and see that order is kept within the isle. Simeon Lyon wasn’t a better man. He was rarely a good man. For him this was one more chance to poke the bear by way of his most trusted confidant.
“Tell me, he who bends the high king’s ear,” said Simeon, “does something not appear to be amiss within the city walls? I left a prosperous isle. Where has that home of mine gone? You ask that I leave with you for private discussions. To whom would you return your puckered lips to upon discussion’s end? What trust have you earned in me? What rights should you be so haplessly granted? No, I think not.”
“It is as you say,” Salamander replied with a formal bow. “I am spymaster of the ashen court and ear to the high king. Most are my enemy, young prince, but I am not your enemy. You will come to learn that in time. I only hope it’s not too late for us both.”
Simeon wasn’t quite sure what to make of the coldblooded spymaster, graceful even in his departure. He chilled the prince to the bone, a feat not so easily accomplished, but still, the prince vowed to keep up pretenses.
“Nonsense, the people love me, and if you removed yourself from the high king’s rectum, spent some time with the people they might love you.” Simeon paused when he remembered to whom he spoke. “Perhaps that might not be in your best interest.”
Salamander was almost gone from sight, not so far removed from mind, but he, too, felt the need to leave that everlasting impression. He turned to the beleaguered prince, and said, “Times change. You speak the words, but do you truly understand what it means? When you do, seek me out. I’ll be waiting…”
Chapter Six
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Into the Wild Lands

The road to the Wild Lands wasn’t paved with stone. It wasn’t even paved with dirt. It was as far off the map as one could be in the world of man. The forest was thick, knotted, and it proved difficult for the two soldiers to traverse in a timely manner. They were late, far later than they hoped to be, and no matter how much terrain the two of them covered it didn’t seem to get them anywhere.
The sun’s light was nearly behind them. If Cylena Barst and Jaric Goldrun didn’t find their way to the armies of man tonight they might not get there at all. So, they left their sleeping rolls behind and continued on, unencumbered, and ready for one last march forward.
“You’ve been humming and hawing since we left Hornshire,” Cylena said. “If you don’t mind my brashness, commander, what in the nether is wrong with you?”
“It’s a crisis of faith, I’m afraid,” said Jaric, sullenly, “and it’s been pressing me since that damned captain almost got me killed on the high seas.”
Cylena wasn’t sure how to maintain this newfound conversation. She was never one to commune with the pillars and ask of them what she could do to better herself. She didn’t need the gods for that. She already knew the answer. So, she let the old man have the spotlight and continued on beside him as they trudged through the wilderness.
“Are you a believer?” Jaric asked.
She was stuck, unsure how to proceed, for it made no difference if she nodded her head or if she shook it. Her answer would only bring about more questions—questions she wouldn’t be able to answer. Without a proper schooling, she only had the word of her mother that the gods existed, though she could neither show an ounce of proof nor recall more than a dozen from their lengthy list of names.
“I see,” Jaric said with a friendly smile. “Well, no matter. It’s more of a personal crisis, anyway.”
Cylena Barst thanked her commander for the show of kindness and let him lead her onward into the forest. It wasn’t that the topic of the gods drew uncomforting feelings within her. It was that she had nothing to bring to the table. She knew of the four pillars and the divisions they brought to the gods. There was the pillar of water that brought hope to a lifeless world; power saw the fires of creation burn bright across the lands; the winds of wisdom doused those flames, but not before it allowed the pillar of earth the fortitude to sow its seed throughout the new lands. That was the extent of her knowledge. Not exactly what one would expect of a priest or scholar, but she wasn’t a priest nor was she a scholar. She was a soldier, perhaps, she decided, it wouldn’t be so awful to listen to what he had to speak.
An axe soared through the air and lodged itself in a tree next to Cylena. A battle was upon them. Cylena unsheathed her blade, watched her commander do the same, and dropped to the ground to avoid unnecessary blood loss.
“What are we looking at?” Cylena asked.
Jaric popped his head up from the bushes and tried to take stock of their surroundings before he ducked back down, and said, “I’m counting at least a dozen gnolls, maybe more.”
“Well, I’ll be a Lowgardian hill dwarf,” muttered Cylena into her chainmail coif. “I bloody hate gnolls.”
Rank, miserable creatures that infested the deep forests that mankind dared to tread. Commonly referred to as pig-men among the populace, they were more akin to boars, with their matted brown fur and piggish snouts. These creatures weren’t intelligent enough to fashion weapons for themselves, but they were smart enough to use what they pillaged from the hands of men. The same went for their armor, often mismatched or incomplete sets; whatever they could get their greedy, little fingers on.
The first few gnolls sent their way were put down by the combined efforts of Cylena’s bastard sword and Jaric’s engraved broadsword. They made foul screams to go with their foul forms, and it drew more out from the woods. They fired their arrows, hurled their crudely made axes, and bound through the forest without a thought to their own wellbeing. 
“They’re surrounding us!” Cylena shouted.
“Wrong,” said Jaric as he forced the hand of her lieutenant down to avoid further incident. “They already have.”
“What are we going to do?” Cylena asked.
“When I figure that out,” said her commander, “I’ll be sure to let you know.”
The gnolls snickered and snapped their tusks as they approached. Cylena waved her sword all about, but it didn’t seem to do her any good and the creatures continued forward. Closer and closer they came, step by step until they circled around the soldiers.
The two soldiers weren’t going to find a common ground with these brutes. They weren’t going to talk them down from a certain bloodbath. This was the end of the line, or so it should have been.
An arrow struck one of the gnolls in the forehead that sent them into disarray. Their confusion proved the ample opportunity for the two in their midst who seized it with a flash of their steel blades. Others clad in similar steel to the young lieutenant broke through the pack of gnolls, and with a clash of blades and shields the battle began anew.
“Run the beasts down, my brothers!” shouted the man in the forefront of the skirmish. “No quarter shall be issued!”
The soldiers charged into the thick of it for their leader, a man that embodied the purest of virtues within the empire. His voice was unmistakable, rich in the royal tongue, yet forceful enough to bring a hundred more troops into the fray. It was as if the pillar of wisdom and wind itself had taken root in his lungs and forced his thoughts out upon the world. In his azure blue eyes the soldiers saw the pillar of hope to see them through the darkest night. It steeled them to the sights they looked upon, monsters of the foulest order, grotesque and only getting worse as they came into view. In his golden mane the soldiers saw the power, and the strength of character one could achieve if they strived for the highest. When all was said and done, it was the man’s conviction to channel the fortitude that completed the circle for the soldiers and allowed them to achieve the heights of the idealistic titans they aspired to be. This man was the high prince of the Ashen Isle, Vyers Lyon, and soon to be ruler of the kingdoms of man. 
Vyers lead his men, coupled with the two soldiers they had come across in the night, and together the legion made quick work of the aggressive, yet untrained gnolls. The moment the last gnoll hit the ground, the commander in golden plate turned to face the two soldiers with a particularly nasty scowl upon his face, and said, “You’re late.”
The soldiers looked around at each other nervously in fear they might have to battle two of their own. The high prince wasn’t known to lose his cool, whether that meant in the middle of a battle or those times in between. The two were mutually exclusive, and so they stayed their hands on their blades, in case it came down to it.
“Yes,” said Jaric with a loitering lump caught in his throat. “Well, the duchess sends her regards.”
The high prince, Vyers, burst forth with a bellyful laughter that saw two old friends reunited at all. The troops that surrounded, and even the ill at ease Cylena Barst, breathed a sigh of relief as they relaxed their collective hands on their hilts.
“Never did care for the woman,” Vyers said as he turned to lead the two soldiers towards his waiting armies. “Ah, and this must be my second in command.”
Cylena looked to her commanding officer in wait of his response, but none came and both Jaric and Vyers looked back to her. Flustered by the engagement, she looked to her high prince, and asked, “I thought that role fell to Jaric?”
“No, no that can’t be,” said the prince with a vigorous shake of his head. “Jaric will forever be my unofficial second in command, but the marshal, Mantas Varg, is a stickler for the rules and that mandates I have a viable second in command.”
Cylena was shocked by the high prince’s callousness. She was appalled by his discrimination of age. She knew Jaric Goldrun was headed into his later cycles, but he had already proven himself her better on more than one occasion. She fought through all her training and good manners, fought as hard she could to work up the courage to defend her commander, but all she managed to was sweat profusely and turn beat red.
“Where are your robes, man?” asked Vyers as he stopped to survey his friend’s attire. “I know the empire doesn’t pay well, but you could at least dress the part. We have an image to uphold.”
“What robes?” Cylena asked.
“Oh?” asked Vyers as his hand moved from the shoulder of Jaric to the young soldier beside him. “Jaric here is a battle priest, my battle priest, and he has been since I was a fresh faced recruit. I wouldn’t want to go into battle without him. Luckily, he had our maps and I was forced to stall the army—a tall task I have to admit—one that best be ended before any more fights breakout amongst the troops.”
He was a battle priest and for the last hundred miles Cylena hadn’t the slightest inkling of whom she spoke to; not entirely, at least. She figured he was some roadside scholar or battlefield poet, not a man of the cloth, trained in both steel and scripture. She couldn’t have felt more foolish, and shrank back from the limelight to where the other soldiers tread.
Vyers lead them to a place where the trees finally parted to an open field where hundreds of war tents had been painstakingly set up. Beyond the tents lurked more forests in the horizon, but the billows of smoke that arose from the many camp fires blocked out all but the machinations of a high king.
The soldiers were swift to join their comrades by the fires and grab a bite to eat, but Cylena and Jaric had no such place to go. The two of them stayed with the prince as he strode into the camp, past the columns of piss pots and holes with contents best left unsaid, to his private tent.
“Get fed,” the high prince said as he motioned to everything that lay inside the tent, “get some drink and get some sleep. You’re both going to need it.”
“Why?” Cylena blurted out, so enchanted by the feast before her eyes that she once again forgot her place.
Vyers flashed his battle priest a grin of approval. He wanted someone who could speak their tongue when in the presence of royalty. In Cylena Barst he could see that someone. Perhaps more if the wrong kind of fate awaited them in these lands.
“We depart in the early morning,” said the high prince, “and into the heart of the Wild Lands.”
When the prospect of a decent meal was at last upon her, Cylena found that she could no more eat a meal than stop herself from wandering out of the tent and towards the forest in the distance. 
She passed by the soldiers in the high king’s army, each of them lost in their own affairs, be it a game among friends, or a quarrel among foes. Cylena continued on, through the drunk and the disorderly, all the way to the camp’s perimeter. 
“The Wild Lands,” Cylena said with both trepidation and awe. “I don’t think I’m going to like you.”
Never had Cylena Barst imagined in her wildest dreams to see the fabled lands of the world’s oldest empire, a land now inhospitable to all but the fiercest of people.
Before her eyes stood a wall of trees elevated above any sight she had ever seen in the world of man, and its ominous shadow crept over all the lands she surveyed. This would be the land where she made a name for herself. She could feel it within every fiber of her being. All she lacked was the clairvoyance to know if that was to her favor or if it was to her downfall.








Chapter Seven
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Wisps, Kaerns, and Even a Wyrm

Numerous races in the land of men fell under the label of beastkind. These were various peoples such as the kaern, wisp, lycan, and nosferatu, all striving to survive in this dark world. There was a place, Moorland, in Amoria Minor that accepted beasts of all kinds and creeds, but that place was far from the shores of the Cordisan Bay and in this land, those that called themselves beastkind had no name or home. 
They weren’t slaves, like the dwarves and the rare elf, for the slave life wasn’t for beasts of their stature. They were relegated to private holds, zoos, and the celebrated big game hunt. That was the life meant for Finley Mudbottom, but it wasn’t the life he had lived.
The generosity of strangers, in this case one Korine Dorset and a puckish Axel Thorogard, provided Finley a life not afforded to many kaerns in the human world. He knew compassion, friendship, and because of the dwarf he rode with, more than his fair share of slurs and insults. 
The kaerns of the Rahgul Zoo knew nothing of Finley’s world. They only knew what their beast tamer’s provided them, namely cruelty. Finley looked into the eyes of many kaern caged within its tent. In each of their eyes he saw the same story. They were young, malnourished, and unable to speak the common tongue, no matter how many times he tried to communicate with his people.
They didn’t recognize him, not under his back hair beard and layer upon layer of overcoat. He tore the beard from his face and started the lengthy process of disrobement to show his people that he was of their breed. Maybe then they would begin to peel themselves from the back of their cages.
To many humans the kaern was a ragged creature, from its furred haunches to their cloven hoofs, kaern were more beast than man. That wasn’t the kaern the group of four had come to know. To them, kaern were a playful sort, often in the mood for song and libation, childlike beings with the spirits of a dozen adventurers rolled up into one, always eager to search that next mountain in the distance. He was a quick study with the often sought after sleight of hand; young in age, but old in heart, and loyal to a fault. Now he stood free of his overcoats, before his brethren and the other sort that had been collected. Would they accept them?
Finley turned to show himself, proud and free, to all the kaerns in his audience. They began to stir about in their cages, their eyes locked on his meaty limbs and full, humanlike face. There wasn’t a rib to be seen through his skin, and although he could see more than a few of them checking to see, he stood there in his birthday suit as free as the day he was born. 
He bent over into his belongings and began to rummage through his contents. There he found a single lock pick, the only one he had ever needed. There was work to be done, but it wouldn’t be enough for him to rally his brethren on this night. Finley Mudbottom needed to unite the rest of the beasts if he wanted them to have any hope for a new life. 
He moved to the wisps locked in their glass jar prisons, tiny spheres of shimmering light that like to sing on those rainy and dark nights. These particular wisps were nearly out of their light, not likely to sing for some time. It was when his head poked over the dusty jars that he saw the largest cage of all.
Large as the cage might be, the one before Finley was hardly enough to support its creature’s mighty wingspan. Wyrms were nefarious creatures of legend, rumored to be the spawn of drakes and not to be seen up close, creatures that breathed fire, acid, and all things evil. There weren’t many truths to those rumors, but the fear that bore them was all too real, and if the humans wanted to see one alive they better be prepared to pay top dollar for the experience. This particular wyrm wasn’t much to fear, less to pay top dollar to see, but there was no mistaking the beast past its emerald scales, horned scalp, and deadly, albeit clipped talons. This was a sad beast inside a sadder zoo, but if there was one thing in this world that Finley Mudbottom understood it was that everyone needed help at some point in their life.
The wyrm was an unusual sight in the lands of man. Once, these strange and majestic creatures held an empire unto themselves. That was before the dwarves came and nearly drove them to extinction. The wyrm would see its revenge delivered hot, and no sooner than they were conquered by the dwarves did their subjugators soon find the ships of men on their horizon.
“Excuse me, sir.” The voice of a passerby carried into the tent that caused the naked kaern to spin around with lock pick stuck in his hair. “Can I bend your ear?”
The proprietor, still clad in his crushed velvet attire, waved to the two visitors to his tent. He recognized the more slender of the two men, but her disheveled friend was unknown to him. Nonetheless, the dapper zookeeper was eager to make not one, but two sales for the first time this month.
“Oh, good sir,” said the man out front, “you’ve returned! I’m glad you found my humble abode all right.”
“No issues there,” Korine said. “If it wasn’t for the flock of galls above I never would’ve found the place at all.”
“Ah, well there’s that,” the zookeeper conceded with a stiff bow, “but if I let the birds inside for free then I’d have to let in everyone. Now wouldn’t I?”
He arose with a grin stretched from ear to ear, proud of himself, his establishment, and geared up to make a sale. He was about to wave his two customers on through when a burly slave meandered over to join them.
“What’s going on here?” asked a drunken Axel Thorogard, shifting from side to side on his approach.
“I was just about to show your owners some of the rarer sights in Amor,” the man said, “and if you’re a lucky slave you might get to come with them—.”
A loud crash rang out inside the tent that caught the attention of all those outside. The zookeeper spun around to enter his tent, but found a menacing Axel blocking the path. By the time he pushed past the dwarf to the door flap it was already too late and he found the cause of the commotion step out before he could step in.
“You filthy slave!” the zookeeper shouted at a partially disrobed Finley Mudbottom. “What’re you doing in my tent?”
Before the disoriented kaern could respond, several iridescent spheres poked through the entrance flap. The wisps swirled in the air around Finley, thankful for their salvation, but none too eager to get close enough for a quick footed beast tamer to catch.
The zookeeper was flabbergasted at the sight of his prized possessions getting away and he threw himself about in attempt to get them back. He would’ve gotten one or two if it hadn’t been for the thundering roar soon after he began. 
The wings of a great predator burst through the tent of the Rahgul Zoo and took the zookeeper to the ground. He tried his best to protect himself, but his fleshy forearms proved to be of little worth against the fleeted wyrm’s clipped, yet still dangerous talons. 
The proprietor laid on the ground a bloody mess, his assaulter now five stories high in the sky, and the man who caused it all before him with hands raised in apparent innocence. It was at that time a dozen of Finley’s kaernish brethren decided to make their escape. They massed around their savior, bounded over their zookeeper, and head in every direction available.
“Does someone want to tell me,” asked Axel, his head spinning at the sight of all these kaerns, “what in the wild lands is going on here?”
“We’re getting out of here,” Korine said as she grabbed hold of the dwarf’s knapsack. “That is what’s happening.”
One by one the villagers of Rahgul began to take notice of what transpired at their local zoo and soon the group of four found themselves in a mad dash through the streets.
“What about the horses?” Axel asked, huffing and puffing in his weighted armor and belly full of mead. “We need to get the horses!”
“Forget the horses,” Korine said.
“Forget the horses?” Axel balked at the absurdity of the request. “Is the woman mad?”
The villagers were following, torches in their hands nearly as fast as the curses found their tongues. The gate guards were there, the hostesses at the tavern, and even the child pickpockets that ran through streets when they arrived. Everyone turned up to see the show.
“Go back for the horses if you want, old friend,” said Dashe, wide set grin etched on his face, “but have fun avoiding the mob that’s coming for us.”
“I don’t like this,” Axel grumbled. “Not one bit.”
In every kingdom, in every town, the group of four found a way to stir the masses to a cause. Unfortunately, that cause usually swayed towards violence, and the group would find themselves in a situation not entirely different than what happened tonight. That didn’t make it any easier for their venerable leader to understand.
“Just once,” she groused, “it would be nice to sleep in a warm bed.”
The group ran north, up the South Halls, until not a soul could be seen in their wake. They ran until Axel Thorogard broke down and fell on his hands and knees in despair. He was out of breath, dry heaving, and humiliated from this public display of weakness. He tried to make excuses for himself several times until he began to spew his undigested mead all over the ground.
“The only thing worse than this damned headache,” Axel said as he wiped the froth from his grizzled mouth, “is the thought of having to shave my back hair for that blasted kaern again. The last time I felt like a newly born gutter dwarf.”
It felt good for the group to laugh, even if that laughter came at the expense of their dwarven companion. None needed it more than the young beastkind, for the first time in his life devoid of anything to say. He watched as his people were subjected to the worst mankind had to offer, friends that refused to lend aid until refusal was no longer an option, and a populace that cared only about human troubles. 
Finley Mudbottom was less than a second class citizen, less than a slave or the elves that traipsed the wilds.  He was dead weight, barely worth the clothes upon his back. He knew this; his friends knew this, but not a one of them said a word. They were all equal within the group. What else did one need?
The beasts of Rahgul Zoo didn’t have the sort of luck afforded to their savior, and while Finley rested in relative safety, the freed captives now began a journey from which they might never return. The lucky kaern gave those beastkind a chance, now it was up to them to make of it what they could.
Those sad creatures might survive the mad dash from Rahgul. They might perish in the night. But they would be free while they did so, one last time.
*     *     *     *
For nearly a hundred miles the two on horseback had followed. These men had waited atop a mighty tower, watched as they were robbed blind, but never acted as they trailed behind them in the night.
“They intend to sell the blood stone,” said the man clad in black robes. “We cannot allow that to happen.”
“It will happen,” his cohort returned, “because I have gone ahead and made sure that the transaction will take place.”
Despite being on horseback, the man towered over his compatriot in black, but where his partner had chosen to cloak himself to the world, this man kept his face revealed for the world to witness. It wasn’t by choice or sense of style. It was by reason of heat and the fact that this man could only produce sweat from half the pores on his body. 
Across his body ran burns, from his face to his fingers, which would’ve taken a lesser man. This wasn’t any ordinary man, as the group of four would soon learn. This was the man nightmares were made from. He wouldn’t stop until he had what he wanted, and what he wanted was revolution.
“Much rests on these decisions, master,” said the cloaked horse rider. “I needn’t remind you that the cycle began the moment the stone filled by the bloody touch. If we don’t recover it soon, we will be at a loss when the lands of man burn.”
“You worry too much,” the burned man said, his eyes locked on the small fire in the distance, where the group of four camped in blissful ignorance. “There won’t be a delay. They head straight for Slaven and then both the prize and the man of historic blood will be ours for the taking.”
The burned man halted his speech when he noticed that the fire’s light was out. His targets were once more on the move, always onward until the troubles of their plunder were behind them. Their troubles were, in fact, behind them, but they wouldn’t be for long.
“Besides,” he continued as he ushered his horse forward, “our headmaster has no intentions of acting until the time is right, regardless of whether the stone is in our possession or not. The lands of man will burn, my brother, of that I can assure you, and they won’t be snuffed out until all of their crying calls are for us and our order.”
The men in black head into the dark forest, assured in their purpose and their cause, unseen figures that aimed to shape the pillars of man and all that the human race stood for, but perhaps the scariest part of these men was they could do just that in time. Their secret order worked tirelessly over the cycles, cultivated strong relationships within the empire, and saw the weaker ties crumble into the Siren Seas. There, in the sunken shadows, these men could work on what needed to be done, and what needed to be done was of great importance to all the races of Amor.
Chapter Eight
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Unwelcome Guest

Every ashen street Simeon Lyon walked brought the same sad, lonely people to stir about. This wasn’t the isle he left. When his ship left port this was the grandest city in the world, the crown jewel of the kingdoms of man. 
There wasn’t a socialite in the empire that didn’t aspire to reach these historic shores, ample amounts of gold in pocket and looking to experience all the isle had to offer. Not a knight worth his weighted plate that didn’t dream of winning some maiden over in an ashen tournament. Everyone of note was here, or at least they used to be.
Now Simeon’s people were an exhausted and shameful lot who kept out of the light they could be noticed in. He passed some of the city’s shadier citizens, and while each of their gazes stayed locked on him, he never faltered in his tireless march onward. In the hidden alleys that lined each block he passed there were dwarven slaves. Sometimes he would catch an elf in their midst, but their beaten and malnourished frames proved hard for the prince to look upon. 
Once, this isle belonged to the elves and their laborious dwarves. Two vast empires that reigned over more land, for more cycles, than those that now replaced them. Then came the Age of Fire and it all came to a crashing halt. After the dust settled and man grew strong in the northern lands of Amoria Minor they braved the oceans. Much of mankind was lost, but still they managed to overwhelm the weakened armies of the dwarves and elves. That was thousands of cycles ago and not a day had passed that they forgot what had been taken. Mankind, on the other hand, would take much and ask for more than they could give.
“Have ye got some change for a poor soul?”
Simeon stopped in mid stride, unsure where the voice came from until he looked to where he already had tread. It was one of the isle’s homeless. This particular homeless person was marked by the harsh passage of time, from his wrinkled face to the varicose veins that protruded all over his nearly bare skin and shrunken limbs. Simeon wanted to tell the man not a chance and be on his way, but an uneasy heart saw the prince supplant that decision.
“Tell you what,” the prince said as his hand inched into his coin purse. “Answer me one question with utmost sincerity and you shall have what you seek.”
The beggar shot Simeon a bewildered glance, but the prospect of coin wasn’t easy to come by in the isle, and so he perked up in attempt to appease his potential benefactor, and asked, “What do ye wish to know? I ain’t promising nothin’ mind ye, but I’ll answer yer question as best I can.”
Simeon didn’t have to think long. He didn’t have to think very hard. There was one thing he wanted to hear since he arrived and one thing only.
“Give me your honest opinion of the high king,” Simeon said.
“I’ll… I’ll get in trouble with the guards.”
“You won’t,” Simeon said.
“I don’t want to go back to the dungeons.”
“Whisper it then,” said Simeon with a roll of his eyes, “if that’s what you must do.”
The dirty man glanced quickly to his left, and then his right, before he summoned the courage, and said, “The high king can sit on a lycanthrope’s knob and spin ‘round and ‘round for all I care. Screw him and his whole family!”
The man threw his hand over his mouth when he caught himself shouting in the street. His words could’ve well landed him in the dungeons had they fallen upon any law-abiding civilian. Luckily, for the beggar, there weren’t any of those people to be found.
A wide set grin stretched across the face of the youngest prince. The man earned his money. There was no doubt about that, so he pulled out a few coppers, some silvers, and even a gold coin and dropped them into the cupped hands of the beggar. Even before the man had the chance to count his coin, Simeon decided there was nothing left he could learn, and he left to continue his walkabout of the ashen isle.
“Yer much, much too kind,” said the bum to his departed benefactor. “These ‘ill feed me, clothe me, and put a roof over my head for months. Aw, hell, who am I kiddin’? He ain’t here no more. These ‘ill get me good and drunk.”
Simeon passed some more citizens in the streets, dirty folk, such as the kind he saw pass by earlier. He caught their gaze upon him once more, and in the glint of one of their eyes, he swore he saw the same man before. That thought was soon affirmed when the shuffled feet of another could be heard behind him.
He pulled the short sword from his waist and turned to defend himself against the coming assault. His blade wasn’t much. Nor were the skills with which he wielded it. Luckily, this lot weren’t any better off and the prince found himself amply equipped to handle them. That’s what he believed. No sooner had Simeon avoided the threat in front of him did another from behind step into the fray.
“Give us yer coin!” the man from behind shouted as he thrust in the prince’s direction. “We’ll be taking all of it!”
“Are you kidding, man?” Simeon asked. He narrowly avoided the attack from the rear, but instead of reply with steely touch, Simeon looked back at the robbers with a puzzled stare. “You want my silver? You might’ve thought about asking me that before you took a swipe at my midsection!”
Some of the men looked to one another, unsure how to respond, but eventually one of them stepped forward, and asked, “So… are you gonna give us yer coin, or what?”
“No!” Simeon put his blade to use and took several swipes in their many directions, but they were many. This would get ugly, and it would get ugly fast. “I might not be able to take all of you, but I’ll handle you until the guards come around the corner. I can guarantee that much.”
“Oh,” said one of the assailants, “can ya? Can ya guarantee that? ‘Cause there isn’t any guards coming around these parts anytime soon. Haven’t for cycles, and that I can guarantee you.”
Simeon wanted to put on his bravest face, but when five men with weapons charged him he knew the battle was already lost. He dodged a few of their swords, got a thrust in or two, but in the end there wasn’t much he could do against the overwhelming odds.
When it appeared Simeon would be the newest corpse on the ashen streets, a clashing of blades from the rear caught the attention of the bandits and, one by one, they turned from the prince to the new threat in their midst.
“Scurry away, vermin!” shouted the barbaric man, a flurry of red hair and bloodied steel. “Flee while you’ve still got the legs to run your lilywhite asses back down the street!”
Simeon recognized the voice of his burly savior. It was the guttural voice of Mantas Varg, one of the scariest men Simeon knew as a wide-eyed youth and marshal of the ashen court. One could tell from his freckled complexion and aversion to sunlight that he was a man who hailed from the distant lands of Wyrmos, a land that took its dire name from the race it enslaved. Despite his less than noble upbringing, Mantas set upon a hard life, a life he never once shunned. He was strong, wise, and faultless in his convictions. Once the oak tree of a man arrived on the isle there was little that could be done to stop his ascension to power, birthright be damned.
Mantas hacked at the men from the front. Simeon struck from the rear. Soon all five of the muggers had felt the wrath of a blade, or two, and lay slumped on the ground in a pool of their collective blood.
“By the four pillars, man,” said Simeon with his short sword dangling at his waist. “What are you doing here?”
“The same thing as you,” answered Mantas as he looked to those recently departed from the isle, “it would seem.”
The marshal radiated confidence and ferocity, from his pearlescent plated armor to his beard of molten lava that poured down his neck. Simeon found that he no longer feared the marshal, though the sight of the five bodies at his feet, he probably should have. If someone on the isle wanted him dead this would be the man to send.
“You know what I mean,” said Simeon, his brow furled. “One doesn’t come to the ashen slums unless they’re either lost or foolhardy. Since I, alone, fall under those categories I must ask one more time. What are you doing here?”
The marshal gave a discontented sigh as he sheathed his broadsword, and said, “The spymaster sent me. There’s much to discuss and we can no longer afford to let you lurk in the shadows.”
“So you work for the high king’s lapdog?”  Simeon asked.
“As you’ve no doubt come to learn,” said Mantas, “that on the Ashen Isle, more so than anywhere else on Amor, appearances can be deceiving. Your sister resides in the ashen court beside that lapdog you so readily assume to be plotting your downfall. Will you join us? Or will you let the isle that bore you smolder in the flames of the next world to come?”
Had these words come from the spymaster, or even his beloved sister, Simeon Lyon wouldn’t have heard them. He looked to each of the five poor souls; their lives cut short, alongside most of their limbs. It was by the marshal’s hand Simeon survived this night, a marshal that could tell him much of the happenings these last few cycles, both the good and the true. Mantas Varg was never known for prophetic rambling. So when it came time for the prince to decide his next destination he knew there was only one course for him. Still, Simeon couldn’t shake the unnerving feeling that the five men that lay on the ground were sent for purposes greater than a mere coin purse.
“I don’t think the castle’s the safest place for me right now,” Simeon said. “I’ve known thieves and I’ve known cutthroats. These men weren’t after my coin. Someone in the castle sent them after me.”
Mantas’ laughter was quick to draw the ire of the young prince, but only after it settled down of its natural accord did he turn to Simeon, and asked, “What makes you think it wasn’t someone outside the castle walls that sent these men upon you?”
“Oh, well,” stammered Simeon, caught off guard at the prospect put in front of him. “That’s a thought that’s going to linger.”
Chapter Nine
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Wolves in the Midst

The forests of Uyllia, as they were marked on the map of the magi, were lands untamed by the hands of mankind. There were no roads, not a beaten path in sight, and when Cylena Barst looked she could only see a few of the thousands of soldiers on her heel. It was a tireless journey not easily measured in time, as none had seen the sun in days. Still, they marched onward. Not for their high king or their regional kings from home. They did it for the high prince, the future leader of the free world. That is, free if you happened to fall under the banner of mankind.
It would have been beautiful, had it not been so terrifying for the young recruits of the high prince’s army. These were lands unlike the homes they grew up, so rich and full of life, colors so vibrant mixed with the darkest shades that conjured about the dark, twisted tales this place was known for. A natural place where tree trunks wider than a king’s carriage became so entangled in each other that they swirled around and around in never-ending knots.
This was a land home to the most dangerous of creatures, some unknown to the world, some long extinct on the outside because of the fear they instilled in men, but all of them still very much alive and well in the Wild Lands. Cylena Barst could swear those beasts lingered in the corners of her vision, dancing in the shadows until the opportunity to attack presented itself.
To put those thoughts from her mind, Cylena did the one thing she believed unthinkable in days prior. She turned to the aged battle priest, and asked, “What do the elves worship? I know the kingdoms have the Four Pillars of Man, the dwarves had the Ruby Tree, which the nosferatu stole and renamed the Bleeding Tree, but apart from that I’m afraid my knowledge on the subject of the ancients is lacking.”
“Yes,” replied Jaric, trying his best to contain his emerging smirk. “I had a feeling that was the case. You know, many battle priests would scold you good and proper for lack of faith, but I’ve seen too many battles to ignore the truths behind the other side of the argument.”
“Then why are you still a priest?” Cylena asked, innocently enough.
Unable to contain his mirth any longer, Jaric erupted into a hoarse laughter, and said, “Because my people need me to be.”
Cylena wasn’t sure she understood what the battle priest meant. If one didn’t believe fully in the gods they served, why serve them at all? There were many things about this old man she didn’t understand and hoped to one day learn.
“Um, Jaric,” said Cylena, “about my question earlier…”
“Yes?” he answered, his interest piqued. “Oh! You wanted to know about the elves and their gods of worship. They have none. Or they have too many. It all depends on whom you ask. The Peoples of Uyl is a religion rooted in the natural essence of the world, and their followers, the elves, believe that inside every person, every creature, and every monster there is the presence of Uyl. He is their creator, their cultivator, and in the end, he was their destroyer.”
There it was again. Another shadow danced across the edges of her peripheral vision. This time it was unmistakable, but too high in the trees for Cylena to determine shape or species.
“Would you care to learn about the ice kings of Amoria Minor?” Jaric asked. “Now there are some gods that deserve closer inspection. Worst of all, I fear those ones might actually exist in the world. Cylena, are you listening? Cylena Barst?”
Now the activities from above were undeniable, but it was the movements on the ground that gave them greater cause for concern. The soldiers nearest in the brush looked all about under no apparent fire and held position under their commander’s orders against the trees that swayed before them.
“They’re here!” shouted one of the soldiers on the front line. “We’re under attack—!”
Hundreds of dark figures descended from the trees and swung into battle on knotted vines that entwined the soldiers. The men called out for others to join in the battle and even the odds, only to find their companions bound like themselves, unable to come to their side.
“Jaric!” Cylena shouted. “What the hell, priest? We’ve got to get in there!”
Jaric Goldrun’s eyes were closed and upon his hands balanced a leather-bound book as he whispered words of nonsense to it with complete devotion. Cylena tried to bring him out of his apparent shock, but her eyes were drawn forward where her brothers in arms did battle with shrouded adversaries. It was a massacre on one side, theirs, and no matter how hard she shook the old priest, he wasn’t about to let her join them.
“Jaric!”
“Jaric!”
“It’s a battle prayer,” noted Vyers as he stormed past them with a hefty battleaxe in hand. “Come on, my second, and let’s show the fell beasts the steel of man!”
Cylena could no longer wait for Jaric and pressed on without him, yet she didn’t get further than ten feet in the brush before a light from behind forced her to gaze back at the battle priest who had taught her much in so little a span of time.
“Alavina, goddess of light and the true path,” beckoned the battle priest, his eyes now ablaze in a fiery white light. “Show our enemies your might!”
The tome in the hands of Jaric Goldrun opened on its own, and as if possessed by the goddess herself, its pages came alive. The light of his eyes shone over the flipping pages and caused whirlwinds of light to fly from it to the battles that raged beyond.
Their attackers in the shadows were struck full beam with the battle priest’s wave of white light energy. The elven warriors fell from the darkness amongst a legion of steeled soldiers who were ready to make swift work of them. It wasn’t the end of the skirmish Jaric Goldrun may have hoped it would be, but it was the turning of the tide for the forces of man and they came at the elves with everything they had left.
With her bastard sword in hard Cylena joined her brothers in arms against the horde of barbarous elves. She climbed through the trenches made of roots, pushed her way through the brush already painted with the blood of men to reach the frontlines where the battled still raged.
Her enemy was a sea of tanned faces and war paint, each with a unique marking upon their face. The elves wielded their crude bows, armed with their wooden arrows, and the kind of swords man hadn’t seen in the empire since the elven race was broken and all they had was stolen. These were poor and nomadic peoples that had managed to keep their sovereignty in the face of the wild lands overwhelming odds. Those hardships would steel them to the world and its atrocities, to the point where not even their ancient weapons would hold each and every one from a fight to the death that came their way.
Undaunted by their appearance, Cylena clashed swords with the first elf she crossed and in a bloodlust never experienced before she cleaved her opponent in half, and all the unlucky elves that crossed her blood-soaked warpath. While her enemies slowed to a lethargic pace, time seemed to speed up for the young soldier who found she moved with fluidic motions of carnage and destruction.
It was a battle that cost more than one thousand their lives, but in the end the high prince and his armies won in a bloody fashion. Those that survived the fighting unscathed cheered as loud as they possibly could with their hands and weapons raised high in triumph. Those left injured, limbless, were less inclined to cheer for their high prince, too wrought with fear that this day might be their last. And the soldier that couldn’t cheer at all would stay there until they rotted away, for there would be no one to dig their graves.
There were none more disturbed by the battle’s events than the high prince, himself. He waved his hand for his troops to continue the march, full aware of the dead and the near dead he would leave behind. This mission couldn’t be allowed to fail. Not even if its purpose was clouded to him. Of that, the high king was absolutely clear.
“Commander,” said one of the footmen near Vyers as he clutched at his stomach, “I’m afraid… I’m afraid I don’t feel too well.”
The high prince and those around him turned to look at the blue faced solider as he grimaced and contorted his body like a man possessed. Some of the soldiers began to worry out loud the elves had cast a dark spell on the man and pulled their weapons accordingly.
“Do not touch him!” Jaric roared. He pushed aside soldiers on route to his high prince and the crazed footman nearby. The battle priest charged forward and made enough of a circle for the man to breathe. “I repeat, do not touch him!”
The footman was panicked, unsure what was happening to him, and now doubled over in pain, but the battle priest beside him made no moves to ease his burdens. Then it all went black for the possessed soldier and he suddenly found himself back on the Ashen Isle he left cycles ago.
While the spirit of the footman may have been relocated, his body was still very much in the forests of Uyllia where the high prince stood with bated breath. He rose from his hunched position to face his prince, but this wasn’t the same man. This was a different person, with different sight and a different impetus in life.
“What sort of sorcery is this?” Cylena asked.
“It’s called celestial tenure,” said the battle priest, “and while it’s a form of possession there’s nothing demonic about it. Only the most gifted of mages can perform the spell, but the empire sometimes find need for it those times when ships or pigeons will not do. This soldier has been replaced, albeit temporarily, though we’re yet to ascertain the reasons as to why.”
The possessed footman ignored the battle priest completely, turned to the high prince, and said, “We must speak in private.”
“Not if I don’t know who’s on the other end we won’t,” Vyers said.
“Nor will you,” said the man pulling the footman’s strings. “Not until we find ourselves with fewer ears.”
Vyers appeared agitated by the man’s response, but for an unknown reason to those that served him, the high prince turned on his heel and stormed off with the possessed footman.
“Set up camp!” Vyers ordered before he disappeared into the shadows with a man of unknown origin. “I want the perimeter locked down! We continue the march on first light!”
The troops looked to one another in confusion, but a quick clap of Jaric’s hands saw them return their focus to the task at hand. Everyone had their orders, and in that Cylena Barst and the battle priest were no different. Their army had traveled for days, fought a battle, and still they had barely crossed the boundary lines of the lands they called wild.
Cylena thought she had seen everything this world had to offer. She had seen children forced into a life of thievery, just so they could feed themselves. Men that were guilty of the lightest of crimes, sent to the mines where they toiled until their death. Slaves put to the gallows, all because they spoke out against their master’s cruel touch.
She had never seen anything like the elves before. Nor did she wish to again.
Chapter Ten
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Grifters and Sultans

There wasn’t an adventurer that didn’t aspire to walk the marches at least once in their life. Known to all as the Iron March, it was the longest road in the lands of man, only it wasn’t constructed by man nor was it constructed for them. It was the last gift the dwarves could bestow upon the elves, a metal highway that bridged the dwarvish and elven worlds.
Now, the Iron March connected the kingdoms of man, the elves it was gifted to forced into forests so deep and recluse that no road could traverse, and the dwarves that built its many steps lost to the annals of human history. The irony wasn’t lost on the humans, the elves, or the dwarves, but it was lost on Finley Mudbottom, whose kaernish roots made the concept difficult to grasp. 
Because of their different ideologies, the lore of the Iron March spurred a lengthy discussion among the group of four; although much of it was to the ire of Axel Thorogard, who had to stuff socks into his ears to keep the kaern’s ramblings from getting inside.
“Mmm,” said Dashe, grinning wildly towards the stocky dwarf. “Mmm hmm mmm.”
“What?” Axel belted out, unaware that his socks were still stuffed into his ears.
“Hmm,” Korine said. “Mmm mmm hmm hmm.”
“What?” Axel asked once more. “You’ll need to speak up! I can’t understand the lot of you!
A disconcerted Korine Dorset slapped her dwarven companion upside the head. The others weren’t sure if it was out of spite, but she managed to dislodge the socks from his ears, so she solved that problem for them, too.
“I said,” Korine repeated, “Kaffrika lies over yonder.”
“Not long now,” Dashe added, “’til we’re free to fence our stolen goods and be gone from this foul place. I don’t know about the rest of you, but I say we give the Old World a hard look this time. Hardly anyone goes there.”
“That’s because you’d have to be daft to travel across the Siren Seas!” shouted the dwarf, stomping on the ground and shooting his hands up into the sky. “The moment you cross the threshold from Amoria Major to Amoria Minor you’re in her waters, and she won’t let you go so easily.”
“Nonsense,” Dashe declared. “I’ve fought with men from the Old World, fought against them, too.”
“Aye,” said Axel with a stiff nod in acknowledgement, “but for every vessel that slips through her sinewy grip a hundred more sink to the deep depths of the underworld. You can go if you wish, but I’ll be damned if you catch me tempting death in such a manner.”
Axel put an end to that discussion and the party of four was off once more towards the dark beyond, unaware of the two horse riders that followed. They were nearly out of the Kingdom of Haroden, where the empire and its reach ended and the free lands of the nonaligned nations began. 
If one hadn’t stepped outside the kingdoms of man, it would be easy to believe the nonaligned nations would be home to those unspoken principles that weren’t welcome in the empire, such as honor, empathy, and liberty. The dark truth was the nonaligned nations were home to ideals that would make even the lowest of the empire’s classed citizen flee in terror.
“You know what I wish?” Axel asked.
His human companions weren’t about fall into the dwarf’s snare, but the tiniest of them, Finley Mudbottom, couldn’t fathom the reason as to why. He rushed over to the dwarf, and with eyes bursting with excitement he asked, “What do you wish?”
“I wish,” Axel said with a troubled sigh, “that we had gone back for the horses.”
Axel Thorogard wasn’t alone in his distress. Call it the horses. Call it all this sneaking about, but every member of the group had their reasons for dismay. It was a sad life they lived. Unfit for all but the most hardened brutes. Despite the many obstacles in their place the group trudged on as best they could, for unless they wanted to give way to the shackle or the sword it was the only option left available for them. The group made their way along the Iron March without incident, and the only other travelers they came across seemed about as interested in the group as they were in the strangers. 
These were quiet, scared people the group of four came across, each one afraid of something in their life. They had good reason to fear the open road. If it wasn’t the bandits it was the creatures of the wilds or the drug runners that pushed tones of product along these roads. There were a million reasons not to walk the Iron March. These travelers decided that only one reason was needed to stem those fears and begin the journey towards the other side. 
The lands of Kaffrika didn’t sneak up on a traveler. Its many contrasts started with the stark difference in its dusty landscape to the desolate path laid before them, and it didn’t end when one entered a sprawling shantytown. Unlike the lush kingdoms of man, the nonaligned nations were forced to the lesser lands where crops were less inclined to grow. 
None of the nonaligned nations knew hardship more than the barren lands of Kaffrika, but that iron resolve only served to steel its people to the world. They were slave traders, cutthroats, and as the citizens of the South Halls could attest, drug pushers and providers.
“There it is,” Korine said. “Slaven, capital city to Kaffrika, a prosperous nation filled to the brim with scum and shit peddlers.”
“Aye, ‘tis a rotten place,” said the dwarf, wistfully, “yet there’s no place on this world where I feel more at home.”
Once, upon an age lost to time, the lands now known as Kaffrika belonged to a mighty dwarven empire. They built massive cities both above and below the ground, but after the wars with men began, only those above surface remained intact. It was in the walled city of Slav that the dwarves made their final stand, but that only incensed the humans further. The humans stole their homeland, from Lowgard to Highgard, built a massive city atop the ruins of Slav, all to debase those they had taken so much from already; and when the dwarves continued to refuse the authority of their oppressors they were branded and put to slavery. 
Slaven, a city named from the ruins that bore it, was a city known well throughout Amor’s seedy underbelly, for if a smuggler hadn’t been to the city before, his credibility was considered invalid and a shame. Much of that prestige came from its proximity to the empire, which made it the closest destination for thieves to fence their goods and pirates to wait off the royal fleet.
If the nation of Kaffrika saw a dime from the city of Slaven, and it saw plenty, one wouldn’t know by the sight of its capital city. It was an expansive city, one to rival the largest the empire had to offer, but a pretty sight it was not. Most of the homes, if one could call them homes, were no larger than a royal’s closet. They clung to its winding streets that sprawled from the pool of wealth in the center, homes barely held together, but against all odds, homes that stood to shelter generations of cutthroats and slavers.
 The many homes of Slaven were nothing more than cheap hovels of rotten wood and rusted tin, not meant for any honorable sort. Luckily that didn’t prove an issue to the kind of people that lived in such a place, and like the rats the lived among them, the denizens of Slaven lived on what little they could manage to find or pilfer. It was a city of poverty that stretched on for miles, packed with as many as its walls could hold, where the only thing to keep its citizens from spilling into the waters was its dock that stretched from one side of the city to the other.
The group of four entered the city of Slaven through one of its many entrances to the south, for the walls that once held the dwarves hadn’t stood since that final battle over one thousand cycles ago. Now its exterior lay rife with entrances both hidden and in plain sight, free of guards and the questions they brought with them.
No sooner than they had crossed into Slaven did Axel Thorogard bring them to a halt. He spun around on sore heels, shoved his weighted sack in Dashe’s direction, and stated, “I’ll be at the tavern.”
“Which one?” a bemused Dashe asked.
Axel had already begun his journey to the local watering hole, when he turned back to his young companion, and said, “You know the one.”
“Can I come?” Finley jumped up and down, to the many clanks and clashes of his knapsack, all at the prospects of joining his irritable companion on a quest to forget the troubles of the world. “Oh, can I come? Can I, Axel? I do miss our old friends.”
“They’re my friends, you insufferable lout,” barked Axel Thorogard, “and what do you think?”
The moment Axel stormed off Finley’s heart sank ever so slightly. It didn’t matter if the dwarf spurned his advances a hundred times over. He would gain the respect of Axel Thorogard if it was the last thing in this world he did. Taller, men of more importance had aspirations towards greater things in this life and the one hereafter. The kaern had the dwarf and his nonsensical ramblings. That was all Finley Mudbottom needed from this world.
“Well,” Axel asked as he stopped and turned to Finley, “are you coming, or what? Give the lass your pack and let’s be off. I don’t have all day now.”
Korine graciously accepted the knapsack of the gleeful beastkind and watched as her two nonhuman companions made off into the setting sun. That left an over encumbered pair to find their way for themselves, through seedy streets and their sordid tenants, back alleys and their assuming dealings, but the two made the journey swiftly for they knew both those seedy streets and their sordid tenants well. They even counted themselves among them.
Korine Dorset’s shack wasn’t worth much, but neither did it contain much past a wood stove and single occupant bed. She dropped her sacks on the floor, and without a word between them, went to work on the floorboards under the stove.
“So,” said Dashe as he looked for someplace to sit down, “what happens now?”
Korine hid every piece of their stolen artifacts into nook beneath the floorboards, and when she completed the task she turned to Dashe, and said, “We find someone to fence the goods, of course. Now hand me your damned sacks.”
Dashe did as commanded and tossed both his knapsack and Axel’s towards the hole in the ground. He paced back and forth around the hovel, unsure where to put himself while his leader tended to the chores. “You know, I’ve been thinking about things—.
As Korine replaced the floorboards and lifted herself up from the floor she crashed into her dumbfounded companion. The two of them fell onto the bed, where they stayed for all but a moment before a tongue-tied Dashe Kol leapt up in embarrassment. Korine, still sprawled on the bed and in no hurry to move, looked him dead in the eyes, and asked, “Well?”
“Well,” said Dashe as he coughed twice to clear a lump in his throat, “well what?”
“You were saying something,” Korine said.
“Oh, yeah,” replied Dashe, befuddled and unsure where to lead the conversation. “I was thinking that we should… we should keep away from the docks. If the sultan catches us sniffing around his wharf we’re not going to be able to talk ourselves out of it this time.”
“That’s smart,” said Korine Dorset, less than impressed and caught in an embarrassing entanglement of her own. She shimmed to the end of the bed and lifted herself up to get a better look at her companion in thievery. “Are you going to see if your brother is around this time? We missed him the last two times we were in Slaven. You want to make it a third?”
Dashe Kol became flushed with emotion and he was forced to turn his back to Korine so that she wouldn’t see the toll this topic took on him. “It’s probably best if I don’t. Not after the way we left things.”
“You’re going to have to tell me about it one of these days,” Korine said. “Then you’re going to have to tell him.”
“Why?” Dashe asked. “So I can watch as his lust for power sends him to the brink of death or insanity?”
“One could say similar things of our profession,” Korine said, “could they not?”
Dashe’s older brother was a touchy subject at the best of times. Rarely did the two of them get along, and when they did, it was only a matter of time until their next blowup threatened all of those in the group.
“You don’t know magic, Kor,” said Dashe, visibly shaken and locked in place in front of the door. “There’s no amount of gold great enough, no woman bountiful enough, and no position of power high enough to satisfy the pulls of the dark arts. It didn’t just change him, it’s constantly changing him, into something I recognize less and less every day. I can’t watch that… I just can’t—.”
The door burst open and struck Dashe Kol square in the jaw. He fell back into Korine and both continued to the floor where they found a merry kaern standing above them.
“You’ll never guess what Axel and I found on our way to the tavern,” Finley said, but no sooner than those words left his lips did he answer his own question. “We found a buyer!”
Korine was red with embarrassment, Dashe’s chin was aching, and still the two of them couldn’t keep the laughter from filling the room. 
“I’m serious!” Finley shouted. “We stumbled into a merchant on the way into the tavern. Yes we did, don’t try and say we didn’t!”
“We believe you,” Korine said, softly.
“Good,” said Finley, his lips still pouted. “Axel and the merchant are at the tavern now. They’re waiting for us, so we’ll have to hurry if we want to make this deal. He’s headed to Consorta soon and wants to be done with this before the mid night sky.”
Korine looked to her companion on the floor and it wasn’t soon after that a wide-set smirk carved its way across her face. “How do you feel about this?”
“Oh,” said Dashe, pensively, “you know how much I adore our many back alley dealings.”
With those words the group was off to rendezvous with the grumpy and likely drunk dwarf. The way to Axel’s local bar was known well to them, but the shady faces they passed were not. It should have been a warning call to the group, but the shady sort were the only kind to be found. The party kept on their path, led by the kaern, all the way to the Nagging Battle Axe where one of them awaited with a stout mug in hand.
“There’s the guy!” Finley hollered.
Dashe looked coyly at his leader, certain the beastkind had the right man, but unsure whether or not this deal would be the saving grace. The man was clad in rusted chainmail, a belly that bulged from one too many bottles of mead, and straw wedged into the gap where one of his incisors used to sit. Dashe turned back to Finley, and asked, “That’s your merchant?”
“Well, no,” said the defensive kaern, “That’s one of the mercenaries he’s hired so he can get into Consorta with his blood still in his veins.”
“Of course,” said Korine with a roll of her eyes. “He looks like the sort you’d want watching your back as a pack of nosferatu tears into your caravan.”
“Knock it off,” Finley said as the group neared the mercenary. “We’ve got dealings to conduct.”
They approached the man as discreetly as possible, but for a group of two humans and a beastkind that proved difficult even without the portly dwarf beside them. The mercenary took a long hard look at group before he removed the straw from his mouth, and said, “You three with the dwarf?”
“That would be us!” Finley exclaimed.
The mercenary motioned for them to enter the Nagging Battle Axe through the alley entrance. Finley was only too eager to oblige, but Korine and Dashe would need a little more to sway them to his cause.
“Say,” said Dashe, “where is that lovable dwarf anyway?”
“I don’t know,” the man said, one foot in the street and the other in the alleyway. “He’s in the bar or something. Are you coming or what?”
“Come on, guys,” an exasperated Finley Mudbottom said. “You’re embarrassing me.”
Whether it was at the behest of their tiniest companion or the need to make a quick buck, the party was ushered into the alleyway beside the bar. It was a dreary dirt lane, better suited to those that spilled their guts rather than the ones inside that filled them. 
Debris and waste lay all about that made it hard for the group to see just who waited for them at the end. Not that they didn’t try. Dashe searched the rooftops, Korine covered the ground, and then there was Finley, who hadn’t eyes for anything other than the gold he was likely to procure.
“Where’s this merchant of yours?” Dashe Kol asked.
“He’s right here, mate,” answered a man from behind a black shroud at the end of the alleyway. He grabbed hold of Dashe before a weapon could be raised, kicked the dwarf’s knapsack from the grifter’s side, and cut the other one from his back for good measure.
Before the stranger’s hand clasped over his mouth, Dashe managed a warning, “Run! Get out of here while you can!” He tried to fight the man off, but it amounted to little as dark figures rushed them from all sides.
Korine was able to get to her sword in time and managed to cut her nearest aggressor a wide swath across the chest. When the path to Dashe became clear she took a stride in his direction, but didn’t get another one before her legs were swept out from under her. She hit the ground hard, her blade ripped from her hands, and there was nothing that could be done to stop a masked man’s gauntlet from striking her repeatedly in the face.
Korine looked over to kaern, who was helpless to act but refused to look away while his companions suffered. She could see Finley’s hands go towards the small dagger he kept by his waistband, but she couldn’t bring herself to see him use it in battle. 
She could take a beating for the both of them. What she couldn’t take was the knowledge that she allowed the beastkind she loved as family to become some exhibit in a traveling zoo.
“Run!” she cried. “Get the dwarf and get as far away as you can!”
Finley wasn’t the quickest when it came to following a command. He stood there, motionless, hand on his blade and not likely to move anytime soon. It wasn’t until the burly arms of the mercenary in rusted chainmail were wrapped around Finley that he made a move for his escape. 
He struck at his aggressor and took him to the ground with a well placed heel to the family jewels. When the mercenary relinquished his grasp, the limber kaern ducked between his legs and made a mad dash out of the alleyway, cloaked men in hot pursuit.
“Get that dwarf!” the mercenary shouted. He pointed towards the end of the alleyway, but it was too late to catch the flight footed kaern who had already rounded the corner. “Don’t let him escape!”
There were few things in this world Finley Mudbottom did well. He wasn’t good with a blade. He couldn’t remember the modern dwarven alphabet; no matter how many times Axel would teach it to him. But when being chased by a mob of angry strangers there were few that could match his speed and perseverance.
Had Finley kept his eyes in front of him, instead of on the men a street behind, he would’ve noticed the stumbling dwarf directly in his path. They collided with a thud in the middle of the street that caused others to look in their direction, but their gaze didn’t last long as the kaern shoved him into the first alleyway they came across. 
“You filthy beast,” the dwarf said with a mug raised high above his head, “you’re going to spill my drink!”
“We got to get out of here!” said Finley, urging him down the alleyway.
“Why would we do such a daft thing?”
Finley ceased his actions and gave the dwarf a somber stare of reflection. He couldn’t explain what happened. Not the entirety of it and not while there were men hot on their heels. After the briefest of moments, Finley summed it up as best he could, and said, “Because Korine and Dashe need us to be strong.”
Axel and Finley made their way out of the alley, down another, and through as many side streets they could to avoid capture. The two of them were nearly out of the city by the time they contemplated what came next, both of them pulled up and looked back at the city that raised them.
“Where should we go?” Axel asked.
“Nowhere sounds good,” Finley answered.
Axel took a hearty swig of his mead and tossed the goblet to the ground. He looked to his diminutive companion, flashed him a toothy smile, and said, “You read my mind.”
They never were very good at taking orders.
*     *     *     *
It wasn’t the first time Dashe Kol awoke to find his hands bound in chains, and probably, it wouldn’t be the last, either. He dangled in his chains, suspended above the ground, and helpless to remove himself from the situation. His prison was dark, humid, likely the dungeon of some Slaven aristocrat. Whomever he crossed this time it was a man of pull and power. Still, he was alive. So he had that going for him.
“You’re finally awake?” asked Korine, swinging in the air with her feet above her head. “It took you bloody long enough.”
He watched her struggle for some time with a smarmy grin on his bruised, beaten face. If he remembered correctly, and he probably didn’t, she tried the same thing last time and the time before that. One more wouldn’t hurt, he told himself, and watched as her struggle continued.
“The infamous group of four,” said a hoarse voice in a room devoid of anyone other than the two in chains. “You’ve made something of a name for yourselves in my fair city so I thought it only fitting that I greet the lot of you before it all comes to an end.”
They were greeted by a tall, slender man with the darkened face of a Highgardian mountaineer. This was no ordinary person. He was Sultan Akbart Yutpan, ruler of Kaffrika, a man known as both savior and oppressor by the population he ruled over, but those that favored him did so only at the end of a curved blade. Upon every finger was a jeweled ring, each of a different chromatic color and encased in ebony. This was a man of wealthy stock and he wanted the world to know. Unfortunately, he wasn’t a man of taste, and not one of his jewels managed to match the color of his robes, woven of the finest silk from the provinces of Han, lavishly expensive but lacking in cohesion and taste.
“I see that two of your group still elude my men,” the sultan said. “Not a worry. That shall be corrected in time. A couple of times now you’ve meddled in my business, but never have I bothered to enter the dregs and come search you out. Until now, that is. Now you’ve really gone and stepped in it.”
Korine finally gave up her upside down attempt to free herself, and shouted, “I know our charter! You’ve got no claim on our goods—!”
The sultan gave Korine the back of one of his jeweled hands that quieted one but brought another to life.
“Leave her alone,” Dashe warned.
“Or you’ll do what?” Akbart asked as his gaze turned towards the more feminine of the two prisoners. “I don’t think there’s anything you can do, Dashe Kol, younger brother of Rasmus Kol and known associate of the eighth most wanted man in the empire, Balder Hunnam. Yes, I’ve done my homework on your group.”
“Although your roguish upbringing would suggest you be able to grasp the intricacies of a heated discussion on the matter,” the sultan continued, “I feel as though I can communicate to you on a relatively gentler manner. Can I, Dashe Kol?”
He received no response for Dashe was still trying to accumulate the necessary saliva to make a proper go of it.
“Good,” he said. “You see, I’ve had my men rummage through your belongings. I even checked them once over, myself, but we didn’t find what you were promised to deliver and that represents a problem. My partners don’t take kindly to setbacks, and I’ll make sure as shit it doesn’t land in my back alley.”
“And who does the sultan take his orders from?” asked Korine, all too eager to repeat previous events. “Don’t tell me Kaffrika plays marionette to the boney puppeteer fingers of Otto Lyon. Or is it the ports of Pire that weight your pockets?”
“Where in the nether realm is it?” Akbart bellowed. He was visibly enraged, and couldn’t ignore Korine’s attempts to antagonize him further.
Korine’s eye was nearly swollen shut, but still, she summoned the courage to speak, and said, “It’s up your rancid, corpulent ass—!”
The sultan struck her again, and again, until she could neither speak back in defiance nor speak at all. She swung there, motionless, to wait for her inevitable end once all four companions had been reunited. Korine was many things to many people in this world. Most of them were unpleasant things, but it was an unpleasant world and she had to make of it what she could. If that meant bending the rules whenever the opportunity presented itself then that’s what she would do; ruffled feathers be damned. Only now she wasn’t it a position to do anything.
“Don’t play games with me,” Akbart seethed. “I want the stone. I want it now.”
“There’s nothing left to give,” Dashe lied. He wanted to speak the truth and tell of the crimson stone tucked into his secret pocket, but when the subject reached his lips, he found himself unable to speak on the stone or how it got into his pocket.
“I’ll do it,” the sultan said as he drew his curved blade. “Each and every nail on your precious lady friend’s toes will come off in bloody stumps unless you give me what I want—.”
A chill filled the room and brought an icy vapor to the sultan’s breath. He backed up immediately, his stare locked on his prisoners, but his mind far from this dank cellar. “It’s too late, too late for us all. The Unseen have arrived.”
“Wait,” said a confused Dashe Kol, “who has arrived?”
As the words left his mouth, the door to the chamber opened and two men in black robes descended to their depths. Their faces were shrouded despite any light source that dared to penetrate their black hoods, and while there were three other people in the cellar, their attention never wavered from the young adventurer with the secret stone in his pocket.
“Forgive m-me, chosen ones,” stammered the sultan, noticeably shaken by these two men. He was ruler to a great many peoples, from a great many lands, but not even he could withstand the ethereal stares of these men. “I wasn’t aware you would be here so soon. I-I was just about to obtain the object in question.”
“Your usefulness comes to an end for tonight,” the smaller of the two men said with a gloved hand raised to separate them. “Retire to your palace. Make no mention of what you found in this room. If you accomplish these tasks then we may have use for you in the future.”
“What about the two others?” the sultan asked. He was relieved to be alive, fearful that might not be true for long, but still he pressed his employers for more. He wanted this to be over, and it couldn’t truly be over until this group had come to an end. “There are still two dwarf slaves at large.”
“Slaves?” the larger of the two men asked. “We care not for slaves. We care barely for you. Leave now, before our patience wears thin and we find the chains for another.”
Akbart Yutpan held a position few in the nonaligned nations could equal, and the armed forces fewer could match, but even the sultan of Kaffrika couldn’t command the men he had identified as the Unseen. He made haste for the steel hatch of the cellar, sure to close the door behind him as swiftly as he could.
The larger of Dashe’s dark assailants didn’t watch the sultan depart this discussion, but he didn’t start until the door had closed and their foretold meeting could be had in private. He looked over to the female prisoner, unconscious and still dangling in mid air. She wouldn’t be a problem on this night, or any other.
He took off his right glove and made his way to Dashe. His hand was gnarled, burned to the tips, and yet he held it high without reservation and used that hand to grab hold of Dashe’s face, where it stayed, flesh upon unseemly flesh.
All of a sudden, a slight earthquake in lands afar brought a rumble to the damp cellar. It went almost unnoticed by Dashe Kol and the lifeless Korine Dorset, but not the shorter companion to the man with the burned hands who quickly turned to his other, and said, “The sleeping giants awake.”
“And so, the song of ash begins,” replied the burned man as his hand slid from Dashe’s face to his secret pocket, “with this artifact it shall end on a note most fortuitous to our order.”
He pulled the blood stone from the adventurer’s pocket without a relieved sigh or a hearty laugh. He knew the stone would be his in time and he knew how it would happen. This wasn’t a chance meeting and his stone wasn’t stolen by a man devoid of fate. The Unseen were meant to lose the blood stone at the eleventh hour. They were meant to find it in the hands of this unscrupulous young man. What they weren’t meant to do was use the stone and the powers bestowed upon it.
“The Age of Man comes to a close,” the burned man said to his dark cohort. “Man will know pain, and they will know it well. They will rally against the green tide and fight back against their prospective oppressors, but man and their armies of steel will wither against the fiery wings of legend, and they will burn. Oh, how they will burn.”
It took several cycles and one too many adventures, but Korine Dorset and Dashe Kol had run out of luck. They hung there, helpless, and their only friends in the world out of reach and out of time. They were the lost ones. No one would speak their names. No one would know they were gone, and soon, no one would know they existed. Not if the two members of the Unseen had their way.
“All will know,” the burned man said as he looked upon his newest bruised, beaten souls ready and waiting for him to finish, “be they man, elf, or unsightly dwarf, and they will know it well. Only those that fly the banner of the Unseen will survive the Age of Ash.”
Chapter Eleven
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

The Ashen Court

It took more than a high king to rule an empire. Under their high king, the ashen court held sway over the three kingdoms of man, assisted in the development of holdings, even cultivated their laws. It was the highest aspiration of every noble, every diplomat, in the world of Amor. Simeon Lyon knew the court well. Since he was a child his father had ordered him to watch their many proceedings, a dull affair he was ill suited for, regardless of how many times he tried to tell that to the high king. To the merchant bazaar he would often retreat, where the faces were friendly and the bellies were full of spirits.
Simeon strode into the castle with the marshal, Mantas Varg, by his side every step of the way. It turned out the castle was a much livelier place in the night when the servants and slaves were free to roam the halls without a high king to around to scold their every action. They made many twists and turns throughout the sprawling fortress and climbed stairs all the way to the top except for the peaks of the high king’s private chambers. That was the right afforded to the ashen court and the men that sat around its storied table.
No sooner than the iron arches of the ashen court opened did Salamander step towards the prince and the marshal with his slithery arms wide apart, as if they were the oldest of friends. One couldn’t blame Eindride Salamenka for this, at least not entirely. He was the spymaster, after all, and it demanded he consort with his enemies on a daily basis. Perhaps, to a man such as this, Simeon and he were the old friends he believed them to be.
“It’s good of you to come, my prince,” said Salamander with an eager handshake. “I only wish there was more time to bring you up to speed.” 
“Oh, why don’t you leave the prince alone, Salamenka?” asked the marshal as he saved the prince a further awkward encounter and hurried him to the round table of the ashen court. “He’s just arrived. You’ve got plenty of time to make him regret that decision.”
As the marshal of the ashen court, Mantas Varg was accustomed to the plights of the weak and the unfortunate. He was, however, unable to help with their cause. He was to look towards the external threats, the ones the high king deemed to be his exclusive task. For the last decade that had been the Wild Lands, an untamed sea of green that only the reclusive elves could inhabit. He had sent thousands off to die. All to kill the few hundred elves they happened to come across. It was a noble position, meant for righteous men. That’s what made Mantas so good at his job. He had neither of these qualities.
Mantas Varg didn’t sit alone at the round table made from the same ashen stone the court took its name from. There were six of them in total. To the right of the marshal sat the chancellor, Barclay Forrester, a man of wealth and heritage. He was a rotten old crackpot in his late sixties, early stages of dementia written all over his face. He was the diplomatic tie to the rest of the kingdoms, but since the three kings had been cut off from their high king, it was a position that required little as of late. When he wasn’t mumbling into his lap Barclay would often shout his nonsensical ramblings to the others in the court. Since those in the ashen court were appointed for life, the chancellor held a position that would remain his until a timely or untimely end. 
Beside the chancellor sat Holleder Eremis, self-proclaimed genius and the only positive thing to come out of the South Halls. His skin was as black as the nether stone itself, his posture concaved and hard to gaze upon, and his hands without a callous in sight. He was the high king’s steward, the money man, and while Holleder had never worked a laborious day in his life he was no slouch with the coin. He sat upon his chair, crooked smile to go with his crooked spine, boney hands extended towards the prince who had taken a place at the table.
Then there was the lord spiritual, the only man in the empire with the authority to rival the high king. Anton Lightbringer, alone, spoke for the Four Pillars of Man in Amoria Major, a religion founded in the old world, brought to the new world by way of the sword. Because of the power and prestige, those awarded the position fell under the high king’s banner. Someone Otto could trust to speak his truths and his truths alone. He was a radiant man with the long golden curls capable to sway lesser minds of their own accord. The kind of man a high king could use to turn the poor and the deprived into poor, deprived loyalists who now crowded the many barracks that loomed just outside the city walls.
There was the one notable standout for the prince, someone who had always captured his interest and imagination from a young age, and the last person to hold a seat at the court. This man wasn’t quite a man, and yet, he had been one longer than even the deranged chancellor. His name was Gideon Drusek, admiral of the ashen court, and since the age of thirty he had been nosferatu. That was over three hundred cycles ago and today the man reborn in Gangreal, Consorta, found himself one of the most prominent positions a man could have. In cycles past he commanded a mighty fleet of vessels. Warships the prince couldn’t help notice on his return voyage as they lay stranded upon the shores, unmanned and without a single sail to mast.
“Aric?” the aged chancellor asked. “Aric, is that you? Why, it’s been cycles since you’ve graced this court.”
“No,” said Simeon with a shake of his head. “It’s me, Simeon.”
Barclay Forrester tilted his head sideways in disbelief, looked as deeply into the eyes of the prince as his own milky eyes would allow, and said, “No… that can’t be so. Simeon Lyon is a rude, spiteful young man who’ll one day find himself in the dungeons if he gets lucky, beheaded if he gets justice.”
Simeon took the old coot’s words for what they were, misinformed, and continued to the first free spot at the table. He stood behind the chair, impatient, and waiting for something to bring this meeting to order. Mantas pulled out another ornately carved chair for the prince and tried to dust it off as best he could before the rude, spiteful prince sat down.
“Where’s my sister?” asked Simeon as he looked over his shoulder at the marshal. “I wasn’t aware you’d taken to the spymaster’s nasty habit of promising falsehoods.”
“She went to the magi district,” said Gideon, his vampiric fangs bringing a unique accent to his speech. “We expect her back shortly. There isn’t much time, after all.”
“She left the castle?” Simeon balked at the unfamiliarity of the words. “What sister would this be? And what’s all this talk about there not being much time? If there’s one thing I know it’s that this isle will outlast us all. Time is the one thing we have of plenty.”
The court stirred about their chairs and cast an uneasy gaze that seemed to pass through the prince. It wasn’t until the lord spiritual, Anton Lightbringer, spoke up that Simeon noticed anything at all. Through pursed lips the lord spiritual turned to the prince, and asked, “How about we let the princess explain for herself?”
Simeon spun around to meet Celeste’s gaze. She stood underneath the doorway, hand rested against the iron arches, haughty smirk pressed on her royal face.
“Now, now, dear brother,” said Celeste as she strode into the court. “Do you still believe me that shut in little girl you knew growing up? I am, however, afraid this reunion between blood has come at a poor time. We have much to discuss and little time to see it through. You’ll forgive me if I get to the point?”
“I will,” a suitably impressed prince said.
“How big of you,” Celeste responded. 
She dumped some maps and scrolls onto the ashen table. The other council members were quick to abscond with the treasures, which they perused with the utmost attention before they passed it to the next in line. She waited for the court to go over the documents, all the while her eyes stayed locked on a brother that didn’t appear to recognize his only sister.
“You all know of the second age,” Celeste said to a readied audience, “but what do you really know about it? The Age of Fire, a time before mankind, but not completely forgotten to the passage of time. The elves and dwarves ruled what would later become both the kingdoms of man and the nonaligned nations; two mighty empires that stood a world apart from the rest of Amor, or so they thought. There are many theories on what happened in those ancient times, but from what the magi have gleaned from the scrolls it would appear that ravenous green skinned monsters descended upon the land and set fire to everything they touched. And when the elves and dwarves finally thought the tide had turned in their favor the monsters unveiled the most horrendous of weapons.”
The room waited in silence for the princess to continue, but when it became apparent she wasn’t going to start up again, the table erupted in allegations.
“What are you holding back from us?”
“Come on, tell us what happened?”
“It was werewolves, right? The whole thing stinks of werewolves. I always knew they were demon spawn.”
“Now, now,” said Celeste with a wave of her hand. “We don’t know exactly what happened, but it burned this isle white and broke two empires in the process.”
The table knew the princess had finished, but this time not one person spoke, nor did they murmur. They let her words sink in and their spirits plummet. The tower of the magi knew it walked a precarious line within the empire. To make claims such as this without doing their due diligence would be both imprudent and dangerous for the magi that uttered them, knowing well the blocks weren’t far behind if their words proved false.
“This is preposterous,” Simeon said. He pushed back from the round table and lifted himself from his chair. “You bring me here on the account of fables? What you’re speaking are bard’s tales, nothing more. The truth is we’re not certain as to what sent the elves and the dwarves into a freefall. They don’t even know! Not the ones we’ve bred into slavery, at least. All we know is this isle is ashen and it’s been the anchor for unfounded information ever since.”
Celeste grabbed him by the wrist, her delicate hand wrapped tightly around his to prevent his departure, and asked, “Then why are some of its many interiors made of stone with the texture of steel? One can even see the line where the fires ceased to spread upon a doorway, an archway, on the Ashen Isle? What do you call that, brother?”
“I would call it conjecture,” he said with condescending eyes, “at the very best.”
Sadness lurked behind the eyes of Celeste, something with roots deeper than her wayward brother. She let Simeon slip through her fingers, though even he could see it pained her greatly.
“Princess,” said Gideon Drusek, “I must inquire as to the locations marked on these maps, one of them in particular.”
“Yes,” said Celeste, sullenly, as if she already knew both the question and the answer. “That’s correct.”
“Six locations across the entire continent,” muttered Anton Lightbringer into his clerical collar. “What are the chances one of them would be there?”
Simeon Lyon had enough of the secrecy that permeated the room. He steeled himself to his sister’s apparent grief and stormed out of the ashen court.
“You know,” Simeon said as he turned back to face the court, “I didn’t have to come, but I did. I didn’t have to sit through my sister’s scary story, but I did. Now you speak as though I’m not even in the room, talking about mysterious locations of interest that hold little interest to me. Tell me, members of the ashen court, why should I care? What dare happen that the kingdoms of man can’t handle?”
Chapter Twelve
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

The Slumbering Giant

The armies of the high prince moved from the ancient and knotted forests to the plains, though their high prince was not there to lead them. That role was left for another to fill, one of questionable experience, yet irrefutable conviction. That commander was Cylena Barst, promoted that fateful night when the elves attacked. Vyers was summoned back to the ashen court by his youngest brother and left in the middle of the night with a half dozen soldiers in his entourage and a nasty disposition. He did not want to leave his troops, his people, nor did they want him to leave. It was a demoralizing loss. A loss that stung to this day, regardless of the miles they had put behind them.
Cylena did what any well trained second would do in her situation. She took command of his men and continued their long march towards the ruins of Uyllia. What awaited them none of her men could be certain, not even the learned battle priest that remained by her side.
What lay before them at that moment was bathed in the warmth of a golden sun that nestled into the hills and valleys all around. It was a wondrous land, only made all the more miraculous when one imagined the sight that once lay here.
“Quit your gawking!” Cylena bellowed to those that lagged behind. “We’re late enough as it is!”
The elven capital of Uyllia was a city imagined in the fables of man. None had ever laid eyes upon it, and yet all had heard its story. A metropolis of glass and stone it knew no rival in the world of Amor, and so it stood a shining beacon to the free world of the elves and the dwarves. It was believed to be destroyed in the Age of Fire, a fact now confirmed by the female commander as she peered over a ruin strewn landscape devoid of life but for the constant swaying of windswept grass. Yet, despite all of the stories and the sonnets, little was truly known about the city that birthed one of the world’s oldest creatures. Information the battle priest hoped to see corrected should they live to see themselves home.
“That’s a unique choice,” Jaric Goldrun said. “Is it not?”
Cylena looked to the man she had spent many weeks beside, still dressed down in his casual attire, as if he was never a man of the cloth, and asked, “What’s that you’re saying?”
“The hand and a half,” Jaric said as he motioned to the bastard sword that dangled upon the waist of his commander. “I always meant to ask you if there was meaning behind the choice. It’s not every day you see one used while in the service of the high king.”
“It just seemed the right sword to use,” she replied with her eyes locked on the ruined cityscape that crept evermore into view. It wasn’t that the bastard sword weighed just right, because it did, nor was it because the blade was just heavy enough to collapse plate without becoming too burdensome to bear, because it was. She used the sword, because, like the sword she drew on a daily basis, Cylena Barst, too, was spurious and of questionable origin. 
Cylena was born into anonymity and forced to claw her way out once she became big enough to hold a blade. She was a bastard, her mother banished from the king’s court in Ausland when her pregnancy was discovered, and made to live a life of shame and misfortune. The only way she would get the finer things in life was by the way of the sword and the opportunity it provided. So, she bought her first bastard sword and never looked back on the city that chewed her up and spit her right back out.
“Keep up the pace,” she hollered as the ruins came into detail. “We will make camp once we reach the city’s center and then will you be given instructions on how we’re to proceed. “No moaning, no bitching, and not one damned whisper of elves unless one’s about to kill you!”
She gave the battle priest an uneasy nod, as if she had run out of faith in him, and ushered the troops into the city limits.
“No need to run them ragged,” Jaric noted.
“You think so, priest?” Cylena asked as she tried to make her lips into a smile, but those lips held firm in their rigid position. “They need to know who’s in command.”
The battle priest gave her a cockeyed look, before he looked back to the troops under her command, and said, “Of that, they’ve become quite accustomed.”
They were days late to the Uyllian Ruins, but at last the armies of man reached their destination. While most of the elven city stood no more, its legacy wasn’t difficult to discern in the great chunks of onyx and other toppled stonework or the broad stretches of grass that attempted to conceal its granite streets. They marched to the center of the city where an ancient massive barren oak tree stood watch in the centre of an expansive park of dirt and ash.
“Don’t look to the soldier beside you,” said the young commander as she looked upon the growing mass. “He isn’t going to do your job for you. I want this camp set up before the midday sun and if I see one bottle of mead opened before that happens heads will roll!”
The soldiers that crowded their commander and their battle priest dispersed in all directions across the park and into the ruins, all but one of them. When all others put their hands to purpose on construction of the campsite, he stayed there, his eyes locked on his commander.
“Forgive me, ma’am,” said the footman as he marched towards Cylena. “May I have a moment of your time?”
Cylena stared back at the man without an answer to give. She couldn’t think of anything past this man’s appearance and the eerie similarity he shared with the man possessed when they traveled and fought in the forest, right down to the eyes of steel that pierced her armor with ease. She passed it off as her being too pensive and returned to the conversation at hand.
“Speak your mind soldier,” said Cylena, “then I want you back to your sergeant and filling whatever post it is you fill.”
“I was curious as to our orders,” the footman said. “The high prince told us that we were to march to the Uyllian Ruins. He didn’t mention what was to happen next. Did he share this information with you?”
“That’s a good question,” said a red-faced Cylena Barst, her gaze directed to her battle priest. “See what happens when you ease the yoke of command? The men forget with whom they speak.”
Cylena wasn’t so much mad as she was disappointed. She didn’t want to be that hard assed commander, the one that ran her lot ragged. She wanted to be respected, not feared, and certainly not questioned. She had a duty to fulfill in these ruins and she wouldn’t see dissension bring that to a halt.
“Get back to your regiment, soldier,” said Cylena in a low, drawn out voice. “You’ll be notified of your orders at the same time as everyone else.”
Cylena watched the footman with the questionable eyes turn and march away, and yet it wasn’t until she was certain he was no longer in earshot that she turned to her battle priest, and said, “He might not of had a ounce of tact in his body, but his inquiry wasn’t completely without merit. I’m pretty damned interested in that answer, as well.”
“So,” said Cylena, “why are we here, battle priest?”
“What do you mean? Jaric Goldrun, his brow furled in curiosity. “I hold no official command over the people. I assumed you were given the details when the high prince departed.”
Cylena was shocked at her most trusted confidant’s response, positive for all those miles that he held the key to make sense of their assignment. “You mean to tell me that no one in these ruins knows why we’re out here?”
“Our orders were to wait,” Jaric reminded. “They made no mention of what was to happen after we had arrived. It is quite possible the high prince wasn’t privy to any further orders.” 
“You have to be kidding me!” shouted Cylena, forgetful of the soldiers setting up their tents nearby. “The high king expects us to sit around and wait until he decides to figure out what to do with us?”
With no other options available to the commander or her battle priest, that’s precisely what the armies of man did for their high king. They waited, for days on end, ever fearful their presence would draw out more tribes of elvish warriors. Cylena placed her tent under the single old oak tree that stood in the center of the square where no one could miss it. What this burned out park commemorated no one had discerned, but it was the topic of much lively discussion as nights grew long and the drinks grew thin.
Cylena Barst had grown tired of her men and their constant boasting and bickering but letting them get liquored up at night would be soon corrected come next day where she could run them ragged. She closed her tent flap for the night and started to unbuckle her armor. By the time her raiment came off and she slid into bed, she was ready to declare that if anyone dared to disturb her she would be ready with training sword to spare. 
That’s when the sound of an age coming to an end stirred beneath the ground. What followed began as a vibration along the fault lines under the Uyllian Ruins, but it wouldn’t stay that way for long. Cylena burst out her tent. She was half clad in her armor and seemingly ready to take on the world, but the young commander quickly found her feet in water getting deeper. It was dark and what could be seen was clouded by a thick layer of smoke, courtesy of the many campfires that had been drowned. She found her soldiers similarly confused and paralyzed by indecision. 
“Did anyone else hear that?”
“Are the elves attacking?”
“Did the gods forsake us?”
Only the nether could be home to such a sound, she thought, as the awful screech of an unknown adversary brought even conversation to an end. No sooner than the war cry broke throughout the camp, an entire row of tents in the distance were thrown into the air. Bodies flew in all directions, some dead before they hit the dirt, the others nowhere near as lucky. 
More tents began to fly into the air, all around the campsite, until even the ancient oak tree itself was uprooted from the ground. Cylena looked everywhere for her battle priest, called out for him repeatedly but he wouldn’t be found while their armies came crashing down around them.
“Jaric!” she cried atop the clamor. “Jaric Goldrun, where are you? Damn it, you stubborn battle priest. I never wanted a hero!”
She could hardly see through the smoke and bits of camp thrown into the air before her, but Cylena thought she saw the silhouette of what she could only hope to be her battle priest.
“Commander,” Jaric hollered as he emerged from the smokescreen, “we must retreat from the city!”
Cylena was about to issue the command, but her lips proved incapable of uttering the necessary words as the shadow of the beast rose from the ground behind her friend in the distance, and cried instead, “Look behind you, Jaric! You have to get down!”
The space around the battle priest gave way to a terrible monster, its green scales covered by dirt. Each of its meaty paws was the size of a horse, with claws like fangs of a wolf but the size of a man. Claws that could sever the battle priest in half as it continued its rise from the ground.
“What in the four pillars is happening?” Jaric asked over the cries for help all around. He was closer now, but still too far for his commander’s comfort and he pressed on through the carnage to reach her. “Surely the gods must know!”
“To the nether with the gods,” Cylena shouted back. “If they exist at all they exist to spite us—!”
Those were the last words Cylena Barst spoke to her battle priest, a callous mocking of everything he had held dear. He was crushed into the earth by that same paw that nearly took him before, buried on a battlefield that had been their camp minutes before. He lived for the cloth. He bled for the cloth. Now Jaric Goldrun lay dead in the same cloth that sent him here, that sent everyone here to perish.
“Retreat!” she bellowed to those in her army that still drew breath. “I want everyone to head south to the Lake of Uyl! You hear me? Everyone has to head for the lake—!”
Cylena was struck in the helm by falling debris, so forceful that it took the commander off her feet and down to the now blood-soaked mud. She couldn’t help her soldiers, she couldn’t even help herself. That’s when fire cascaded down around the campsite and broke what little will remained within her grasp. 
Cylena’s eyes started to weigh on her. The sight of her armies destruction was too much to bear. She saw everything as if it were slowed to a tenth, bodies that fell and burst or hacked to pieces, others burned alive as they flailed around and monsters all about.
It all went black for the young commander as the herald of a new age awoke from the ground beneath the Uyllian Ruins. It was covered in scaly green armor with massive wings of crimson and breath of molten lava that rained fire down upon everything and every poor soul in its path and they were many. Enough to let the armies of man know that it did not fear them.
This would be the beast upon which the world of man crumbled. It knew not of suffering and of regret. It was beyond suffering, beyond regret. This being was the harbinger of the Age of Ash, and it’d come to claim its stake.

The End
The Story Continues in: Blood Ties (#2, Shadow Brokers)

Join Gregory Blackman’s newsletter to receive updates on new eBooks. One email will be sent upon the release of every new book. You’ll never be sent spam and your email will never be disclosed to others.
Click Here to Join

Gregory Blackman’s Collection

*Released or Coming Soon*

The Reaper Series:

Duster and a Gun
Reaper’s Dogma

The Kingdoms of Ash Series:

The Unseen
Blood Ties
Tip the Scales
Glossary
Shadow Brokers
Gregory Blackman

Aeromancer: Mancers with the latent ability to control wind.
Amoria Major: The southern continent of Amor. It is the larger of the two landmasses and where the first civilizations were founded.
Amoria Minor: The northern continent of Amor. A harsher and frozen landmass, it is home to the clans of man who refused to migrate to the southern continent during the Age of Man.
The Ashen Isle: An island off the coast of Haroden where the high king rules over the three kingdoms. It was created in a time long past by the Dwarven Empire as a gift to their close allies, the elves. It was later taken by the armies of man and turned into their highest seat of power.
Beastkind: A blanket term for the lesser races of Amor. This includes: kaerns, lycans, nosferatu, wisps, and countless other higher brain functioning creatures.
Crowner: The currency of the three kingdoms. Crowners exist in the gold, silver, and bronze variety. Some paper 
Cycle: The time taken for one complete rotation around the sun. A cycle consists of four seasons and 480 days.
Dwarf: One of original races to the world of Amor, the Dwarven Empire existed throughout what is now known as the non-aligned nations. Dwarves are short, surly, and fiercely intelligent. Most of the advancements in the three kingdoms can be attributed to older dwarvish designs.
Elf: Another of the original races to the world of Amor, the Elven Empire was once a realm of free peoples that lived in the lands now known to the three kingdoms. After cycles of bloodshed, the elves were forced from their homes and into the Wild Lands, where they now reside.
The Four Pillars: The state religion of the kingdoms of man. It is based on the four elements of fire, water, earth, and wind. It is said to have originated from Amoria Minor before humans settled the mainland. The head of the religion reigns from the Ashen Isle, second in power only to the reigning high king.
Gnoll: Piggish creatures who stand on two feet. Gnolls are dense, brutish beings that live in small packs and attack anything they see as an easy target.
High King: The title given to the ruling class of the Ashen Isle. The high king is granted indirect rule of the three kingdoms of man, Auslander, Vanoss, and Haroden.
Highgard: Once the northern capital of the Dwarven Empire, Highgard exists now as a segregated metropolis of human rulers and their dwarven slaves.
Human: The youngest of the major races. Little is known about how mankind came into existence. Regardless of their origins, mankind thrived in the barren lands of Amoria Minor until they crossed the Siren Seas in search of a better life for themselves, and subsequently, a worse life for those who currently resided there.
Hydromancer: Mancers with the latent ability to harness water.
Ice Kings: An ancient race frozen in time at the peak of the Black Mountain. Nothing is known about the ice kings, all is conjecture. They are believed to have died off sometime before the emergence of the elvish and dwarven races.
The Iron March: A road made of interconnected iron plates.  The highway runs for hundreds of miles and once bridged the divide between the two precursor empires: elves and dwarves. Now, the Iron March connects the kingdoms of man with the non-aligned nations to the east.
Kaern: The smallest of the beastkind races, kaern are short-lived humanoids that have cloven hooves and legs covered in thick fur. They are kind beings who live in constant fear of the world around them.
Kobold: Mischievous creatures with long, watery snouts and hides of knotted leather. Kobolds travel in small packs and use crude weapons to beat their victims to death. While a single kobold is little for a trained adventurer to overcome, seldom will kobolds travel outside their packs.
Lowgard: The southern capital of the now defunct Dwarven Empire.
Lycan: Commonly referred to as werewolves, the lycan race was once native solely to Amoria Minor. It is believed man used these beasts as a tool against the inhabitants of Amoria Major, and as such, is responsible for their appearance in the southern realm.
Mancer: While mancer is a broad term to describe those with magical ability, it is considered a slanderous term for a lone mage who doesn’t adhere to the doctrines of the towering magi.
Necromancer: Mancers with the latent ability to control the dead. Necromancy is known as the forbidden magick and holds no position among the other towering magi. 
The Non-Aligned Nations: A collection of six predominately human nations that exist independent of the three kingdoms. These countries are as follows: Kaffrika, Consorta, Wyrmos, Han, Zanto, and Pire.
The Northern Clans: A number of human tribes in Amoria Minor. These are the remnants of the human population that amalgamated to the more prosperous southern continent.
Nosferatu: Commonly referred to as vampires, nosferatu are an ancient race that would later take the form of the humans, elves, and dwarves they preyed upon.
Pyromancer: Mancers with the latent ability to harness fire.
The Siren Seas: The bodies of water that separate Amoria Major and Minor. Vessels that sail the Siren Seas have been known to disappear, hence the mysterious name attributed to the rift between the continents.
Terramancer: Mancers with the latent ability to control earth.
The Nether: The nether is a theoretical land that exists not within the physical realm, but within the spiritual realm. It is believed that all lost souls return to the nether from which they were born. The Nether is, in actuality, something much darker and more sinister.
The Towering Magi: The ruling class of mancers named after the tower they call their home, and the lofted height where they command all other mancers in the realm. There exists one seat for each path: aeromancy, hydromancy, pyromancy and terramancy. While necromancy is an acknowledged class of mancer, their followers are refused entry into the tower, as are they refused any position of power.
The Unseen: A secret order of various men and women who hold power across the realms of man. While their reasons for being are unknown to those outside their order, the Unseen remains steadfast in their belief that once mankind comes to understand the harsh realities they face, humanity will see themselves into the fold willingly.
The Uyllian Ruins: Uyllia was once the capital of the Elven Empire and a city renowned for its opulence. The city fell when man arrived and forced the elves from their home in a bloody battle that lasted the better part of a decade.
The Watchtower: North of the river Cascade, the Watchtower stands just outside the Cordisan borders in the kingdom of Haroden.
The Wild Lands: The region referred to as the Wild Lands is an inhospitable tract of land mankind can hardly traverse, let alone inhabit. Due to these circumstances, the elves retreated into the Wild Lands to avoid persecution by the armies of man.
Wisp: Small, iridescent balls of light with intelligence, believed to have their own language which cannot be heard by humanoid ears. Primarily residing in Amoria Minor, wisp sightings are rare in the three kingdoms and the non-aligned nations.
Wyrm: A race of scaled creatures with four legs and two wings. While some attest to their intelligence, most humans believe the wyrms as nothing more than mindless brutes. The majority of the wyrm population now resides, incarcerated, in a place known as the Wyrm Roost.
Yeti: These northern giants were once believed to be the mythical beings known as the ice kings. Yetis are humanoid beings that stand an average of ten feet tall, covered in fur that is often white or brown.

