Sweet Release
A Little Dark Short

By Ravenna Young
Copyright 2015 Ravenna Young
Published by Ravenna Young at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
This is a work of fiction. All characters are products of the author's imagination and not based on any real person. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Table of Contents
Title and Copyright 
Sweet Release
Third Eye P.I preview 
About Ravenna Young
Other Titles by Ravenna Young 
Connect with Ravenna Young
Sweet Release
The three-inch thick, antique, oak front door, that Annie Cook treasured when they first bought the house, was officially tainted. It might as well be stained with blood because the sight of it now repulsed her. She stared at it, fighting back the bile that was forcing its way into her throat. It wasn't just the door, even though it was just a door. It was the house attached to the door and everything inside that threatened her sanity. The white, two-story colonial stood before her, taunting her with memories of the moment her life fell apart. True, there were also so many good memories, but they were buried beneath layers of pain and unanswered questions. Tears streamed down her face as she recalled the events of the last three weeks. How was she supposed to live in the house without her husband, Tim? It seemed like an impossible feat.
Three Mondays ago today, she found Tim dead on their kitchen floor. The scent of the fresh coffee he had just made, as he had every morning since they moved into the house two months ago, lingered in her mind.  Since that morning, she hadn't touched a single cup of coffee, and she was pretty sure she would gag if offered a cup. She spent the last three weeks at her mother's house, trying to make sense of Tim's sudden death while wallowing in unconceivable sorrow. The coroner said that it was heart failure due to an undetermined and undetected congenital birth defect. There would be no answers to ease her pain.
Annie wiped the tears from her face and stood up straight. Living in that house without the love of her life would be near impossible, but she was going to try. She had to. Truthfully, the memories made inside the house were really all she had left of the love of her life. Tim loved the house, and they were looking forward to starting a family and growing old in it together. Now, Annie would move on without Tim because he would have wanted her to. It was so much easier said than done, and she was dreading the task with every fiber of her being.
For the first time since Tim's death, Annie stepped through the front door of their house. The muggy, mildew-infested air, which any home shut up in a prairie summer for too long inevitably developed, was overwhelming. Demanding to be released, a waft of mustiness blew past her as it escaped the confines of the house.  Annie pushed through the stuffiness and busied herself opening windows, welcoming the outside breeze in to clear the air.
There was one room Annie was avoiding and with good reason. She paused before entering the kitchen-the room where Tim died. She looked around in a daze, terrified to enter the tainted room. So many emotions invaded her soul, but she chose to avoid them because exhaustion consumed her. She turned away and ambled upstairs towards their bedroom and to the bed that was practically calling her name. She would face the kitchen after a nap. 
Desperate to sink into the sweet oblivion that only sleep or death could offer, she entered their bedroom on the second floor of the house. As far as master bedrooms went, this room sold her the minute she first set eyes on it. It had his and hers walk-in closets, an on-suite bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub, and a large bay window looking out over the back of the house and facing the park. At the moment, the beauty did nothing for her. The knotted empty 'blah' that raged deep in her chest was excruciating, and she hoped it would be less painful after a decent sleep. Annie crawled into bed, careful not to disturb Tim's side, and was asleep within seconds of her head hitting the pillow.
When Annie awoke, it was dark and the house had cooled considerably. She moved to the chair in front of the bay window, snuggled into the luxurious cushions, and stared numbly into the night. How long would it take for her to come out of this depression? The emptiness was all-consuming and created unending exhaustion-all she wanted to do was sleep. Mostly, it was because she could at least see Tim in her dreams. 
Rising to go back to bed, she glanced at the bedside table to check the time and was startled by what she saw. Tim's side of the bed was ruffled as if he had slept there. There was even a head imprint on his pillow. Did she dream it all? Was Tim really alive? Her eyes frantically searched the room, but the pain in her soul brought her back to reality, forcing her to face the truth. The pain was real-painfully so. Tim was definitely gone?she must have just rolled onto his side of the bed at some point. 
Realizing she couldn't recall the last time she ate or drank something, she decided now would be a good time to face the kitchen. She moved robotically through the upstairs hall and down the stairs to their massive family-style kitchen. She stepped over the threshold to the kitchen and froze as something caught her eye.  The coffee machine was on, and the scent of coffee was heavy in the air. She gagged but held her composure as the questions flooded her mind. 
"Surely it hasn't been on all this time," she muttered while crossing the kitchen to hit the off switch on the coffee machine. Almost instantly, Annie was hit by the powerful aroma of fresh coffee. She gagged as she raced to the bathroom, convinced she would vomit, but once she escaped the odor and bent over the toilet, nothing happened.
She sat on the cold bathroom floor, wondering about Tim's pillow and the freshly made coffee. Was she in some kind of dream state? Was it possible that Tim was alive? Then, where was he?
"Don't be a crazy fool," Annie said to herself. "Tim is gone, and he isn't coming back." Did she sleep walk and make the coffee herself? It was definitely a fresh pot, too. If it had been on for the past three weeks, the coffee would have burnt off.
The more she questioned it, the more she realized that it was probably her.  Possibly, in the daze that she was in, she had made the coffee herself out of habit and just forgot, or she was half asleep when she did. The details were definitely hazy, and she was so exhausted, so? maybe? She picked herself up off the floor and reentered the kitchen. 
"Maybe I should eat something. Probably, I'm delusional from malnourishment," she said as she rifled through the fridge. Her mom must have gone shopping, because the fridge was stocked with fresh food. Annie smiled. "Thank you, mom."
 Careful to avoid the spot where she discovered Tim's body, Annie sat at the table and inhaled two sandwiches and a class of milk before heading back up to bed. This time, sleep didn't come as easily, and she lay tossing and turning. She rolled onto her side facing Tim's side of the bed and reached out to caress his pillow. As she did so, the scent of his cologne filled the air and hit her like a ton of bricks. It was so strong-like he just put it on. 
"No, I'm just so sensitive to it because I haven't been home in a while. Oh, Tim! I miss you so much," she moaned as she buried her face in his pillow, taking in his scent. It was a delicious mix of musky woods and amber. She had bought the cologne for him, and he wore it every day because he knew she loved it.
It was hard to imagine her life without him. They had only been together a year, but they were very much in love. It was a whirlwind romance and love at first sight. They quickly became best friends and shared an unbelievably intense passion for each other. They had only been married a month when they bought this house and were excited at the prospect of building a life together in it. 
They lived blissfully ignorant-never for a second considering that they would be ripped apart by tragedy. Now she was alone. Tim was gone, and she was alone.  She closed her eyes and imagined he was beside her, and he was smiling, and she was happy, and he was alive. Thoughts of a happier time helped to ease her mind, enabling sleep to mercifully whisk her away to the only place she wanted to be.
?The warm summer breeze whipped through the holes of the hammock and lightly caressed their skin as she and Tim snuggled in their back yard watching the sunset. She relished in the feel of his arms around her and his breath on her cheek. He kissed her tenderly and she felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she did each time he kissed her. Her body was alive with need-her flesh burned from his touch as he trailed his fingers lazily up and down her bare arms. Her heart was full of a love so intense that she felt as if it would burst. She was lost in the comfort of his arms?his lips on hers was as close to nirvana as?Annie opened her eyes to immediate sorrow and the realization that she would never again feel Tim's lips against hers and the butterflies that went with it.  She would never again be wrapped in the comfort of his arms or feel his flesh against hers. The boulder in her chest weighed heavily on her soul, pointedly reminding her that she was supposed to move on without him.
Accepting the shitty fact that he was gone wasn't going to happen anytime soon. She reluctantly lifted her head from his pillow, inhaling slowly, reveling in the lingering scent her husband left behind. She looked to the window, admiring the light of the glorious full moon as it spilled into the room. For one delusional second, she could have sworn she saw Tim standing there, but she blinked, and he was gone. She sat straight up and stared at the spot where she was sure he had been standing-the smell of his cologne was again fresh in the air.
"Tim? Are you really here? Oh, God. Please, let it be you. Otherwise, I'm going crazy. I miss you so much. How do I go on without you? Please if you're here, let me see you," Annie pleaded through desperate tears. "I'll do anything! Just come back to me!"
Giving up the crazy game, she turned away from the window, and sat with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed. It wasn't Tim. He was gone. The truth punched her straight in her already broken heart as she bowed her head and cried until she felt weak-if it was possible to feel any weaker. The tears just kept coming, washing over her pain and burning her soul like salt on a fresh wound.
 Her breakdown was interrupted as a cool breeze caressed her damp face. She looked up to discover Tim standing before her. It wasn't a delusion. He was there! Moonlight twirled through the window, illuminating his silhouette. She stared into the dark, searching for his eyes as he reached out, cupped her face in his hands, and leaned in to kiss her. Joy leapt through her heart as she felt his flesh on hers. It was flesh, warm and soft. Was it all a dream? Was it true that he was alive and never died of a heart failure? Scenarios of every sort flashed through her mind, but as their lips met, understanding for what happened to Tim became clear.  
The tender kiss that she had known so well and had only just dreamt of was not the kiss of the man before her. It wasn't Tim! Whatever it was-it was drawing her life breath from her with its kiss. As she felt her life fading, insight washed over her, and she envisioned how Tim died. He thought he was kissing her! 
Surprisingly, she wasn't afraid. There was nothing more terrifying than a life without Tim. She had no desire to fight-there was nothing to fight for. So, she wrapped her arms around the entity and welcomed his kiss, holding her to his lips. This was her only chance-she had to take it, hoping only to be with Tim and be free of the pain in her heart.  The painless, life-sucking kiss replaced the sorrow in her soul with peace, so she succumbed to it as her life gently faded away, like a breeze in the moonlit night, and her soul was released from its confines. 
###

Keep reading to preview Third Eye P.I. Thank you for reading my Little Dark Short, Sweet Release. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.

Thanks!

Ravenna Young






Third Eye P.I
Free Preview
Prologue
An invisible force, beyond her control, steered her through the dark, second floor hallway towards her bedroom door. Apprehension mingled sadistically with a hint of terror, and it lingered in the air, forcing her to pause outside the sealed door. Something horrific was on the other side-something that made her stomach clench and her heart ache. She rolled her shoulders in an attempt to shake off the uneasy feeling that weighed her down. She stepped forward. Her hand trembled uncontrollably as she reached out, but it hesitated when it came to rest on the smooth, brushed brass handle. Her instincts shrieked in her ears, urging her to turn and flee, but curiosity compelled her to go on. She simply had to know what was on the other side of the door. She turned the handle and eased the door open. 
The master bedroom that she and her husband Greg shared was empty. Greg's bedside lamp was the only illumination in the room, but it was enough to clearly define the liquid that dripped down the wall at the head of their unmade bed. She stepped closer to the bed to investigate. Thick, crimson liquid trailed ominously down the wall and gathered in a pool on Greg's pillow. She recognized the strange substance as the same life force pulsing through her veins with incredible ferocity.
She tried to scream but couldn't find her voice. She turned and ran from the room. If she knew anything, it was that she had to escape. With Greg unaccounted for, the only option was to save herself. 
She cleared the house and raced down the dark street. Convinced she was being pursued by a malevolent being, she glanced back several times, but there was no one following her. Senseless fear propelled her legs to the brink of agony, but she pushed through the pain until the world began to spin out of control. Her thoughts, a dizzying mass of confusion, forced her legs to stop. She lost her balance and collapsed...

As if she had really fallen, a full-body convulsion rocked Cassie Woods from her dream. She gasped for air and clutched her chest while trying to steady herself. She turned to examine her husband's sleeping form. Greg Montgomery was unconscious and oblivious to her current state. Cassie trembled with fright as she shifted her gaze to the wall above Greg's head. 
No blood. "Oh, thank God!" Cassie let out the breath she was holding in, and the terror she felt moments before slowly dissipated. She sat in the same position for several minutes and waited for her heart rate to normalize. She rarely had nightmares, but that dream was awful-something had happened to Greg in it. Cassie lovingly admired her handsome husband and reasoned with herself. It was just a dream. Greg was unharmed, so there was no reason to be upset. 
Common sense wasn't working out. Several minutes passed, but Cassie was unable to shake the residual sense of dread. The thought of being sucked back into the same nightmare made it impossible for her to return to sleep. 
Cassie leaned over, smoothed a wisp of Greg's brown hair away from his eye, and kissed his cheek. Rather than waste time stressing over a nasty dream, she decided to make use of her time. It was almost six o'clock. Cassie didn't have to be at the office until nine, so she decided to go for a jog to clear her head. 
Dressed in a grey track suit, Cassie gathered her thick, straight, slightly-longer-than-shoulder-length, medium brown hair into a pony tail, started a pot of coffee, and stepped outside. Her feet pounding on the pavement echoed throughout the sleepy neighborhood. The streetlights illuminated the sidewalk along the dark, early-morning streets. She could see her breath, but it was the ideal temperature for a jog. The dank, mid-September air felt amazing as it passed through her lungs-too amazing to dwell on a silly nightmare. Cassie shuddered. What would have happened to Greg in her dream if she had slept long enough to find out?
Although Cassie couldn't completely shake the uneasy feeling, she planned to ignore it until it was forgotten. She jogged until her mind was free from the negative effects of the dream. She thought about making breakfast for Greg. It would be nice to enjoy a leisurely breakfast with her husband. Cassie and Greg were usually busy with work and conflicting schedules, so they rarely had the opportunity to chat. 
Eager to spend quality time with her hubby, Cassie pushed past the pain in her legs and hauled her ass home. She smiled to herself. Greg was fine, the dream was over, and the day ahead was looking up.
Chapter One
Cassie and Greg chatted casually after breakfast. Their conversation was interrupted by the chirp of Cassie's cell phone text alert. She reached for the phone, read the message, and squealed with delight. Greg looked up startled, his brown eyes wide with surprise.
"Randy just assigned me my first case! I'm so excited! It's going to be my first solo surveillance job. We've been casually watching the target for a couple of weeks," Cassie explained, "But now the client wants to step up the surveillance." She was bursting with excitement.
"Good for you!" Greg said. He paused as a thought crossed his mind. "Does this mean you're working tonight?"
Cassie frowned. "Yes. Do you mind? I know you have the night off, but we could spend the night together once I finish. It doesn't usually take that long to catch a cheater. It means I have to work this weekend, which sucks, but if I get moving, maybe I'll get lucky."
"No worries. I'll watch a game and chill." 
"You're the best," Cassie said. She was blessed with a supportive husband.
"Will you be doing the night surveillance alone?" Greg asked. He shifted casually in his chair, but the concern in his voice was apparent.
"Yes. Do you want to come along? We could drink coffee and chat." 
"Ummm. No," Greg replied. It was clearly the last thing he wanted to do. "Maybe you could take Eryn? I've had a long week, and I really just want to relax at home."
"That's a great idea! She's going to hate it, but we could chill and have a ladies night. She needs help with the yearlings this weekend. I'll spend the night at her place and check in with you tomorrow night?"
"Sure," Greg said somewhat indifferently. 
"Are you upset with me?" 
"No," Greg assured her with a smile. "How could I be angry when you're clearly ecstatic? This is good for your career. We'll have our night together soon?"
"It's a date!" Cassie got up and leaned in to kiss her husband. When their lips met, a nasty chill rushed up her arms to the base of her neck. Overcome with dread, she swiftly pulled herself together and smiled against his lips. Greg didn't need to be burdened with her silly dreams. 
"I love you," Greg said. 
"I love you, too." She grabbed her purse and dashed out the door. "Have a good night," she called. 
Cassie was eager to get started on the case. The client, Jason Schmidt, came to the office a couple of weeks ago and hired them to keep an eye on his wife, Tricia. Jason believed Tricia was having an affair because he discovered sexy dresses and lingerie that she apparently didn't wear for him. Tricia's alleged lover was the karate instructor, Jack Brady, who taught their son Chase. For the past two weeks, Cassie had been attending karate classes, but nothing was happening there. She understood Jason's suspicion, where Jack Brady was concerned, because Jack was exceptionally hot. The problem was, Jack's hotness was the only reason for Jason's suspicion, and it was looking more and more like a dead end. Tricia's recent announcement, that every Friday night would now be ladies night out, sent her husband into panic mode. He decided to pay the full retainer to step up the investigation. Tonight was the first official ladies night, and the best chance to catch Tricia in the act.
Cassie intended to stick to Tricia like glue until she found something. First, Cassie needed to rent a car with tinted windows for the job because her shiny, blue Escort wasn't appropriate for surveillance. It stood out against the norm, and it was uncomfortable to sit in for long periods of time.
Cassie entered the car rental agency just after nine and was greeted with a smile by her younger sister Sara who had been working at the agency for almost a year. It was the longest Sara had ever stayed at one job. She seemed to really enjoy it. 
"Hey, big sis! What can I do for you?" Sara welcomed Cassie with a smile.
"I need a comfortable vehicle with tinted windows," Cassie replied. "I've just been assigned my first solo case. I have to be on surveillance for a few days."
"Surveillance? Not tonight? I thought you and Greg were spending the evening together." Sara frowned at Cassie.
"We're taking a rain check. I'll be on the job, and I'm spending the night at Eryn's, so I can help her with the yearling's tomorrow morning. It won't take long to close the case, and Greg and I will spend some much needed quality time together."
Sara dropped the subject and went straight to work. "Let me see what we have," Sara said as her fingers raced across the keyboard. She was intent on finding Cassie the perfect vehicle.
 Cassie was relieved that Sara didn't proceed with the lecture. It was no secret that Sara didn't approve of Cassie's career, but at least, she didn't make her feel like crap for it. Cassie's career concerned most of her loved ones, but being a private investigator was actually low key. It wasn't at all like the movies, but it was still exhilarating, and she loved it.
Cassie admired her lovely sister. Sara was stunning. Her waist-length, black hair accentuated her 5'6", curvy but toned figure, and her huge, icy, blue eyes were always shining. Cassie loved her sister dearly but was always a bit envious of her. Sara was blessed with beauty and incredible charisma. Sara's dynamic personality made it easy to adore her, but she was noncommittal about everything and lived life like a hummingbird, buzzing from one place to another. 
Cassie caught her own reflection in the window and grimaced. Sara definitely got the looks. Not that Cassie was ugly, but she was plain in comparison to her sister. In many ways, they looked alike. The same huge eyes accentuated both their oval faces, but Cassie's eyes were brown. They were similar in height and weight, but Cassie wasn't nearly as well-endowed as Sara. In fact, Sara managed to outshine her older sister on every level. 
Cassie combed her fingers through her brown hair and decided to schedule a salon visit. Her dull locks could use a few highlights. She put effort into the way she looked but didn't spend hours in front of the mirror. She could be ready to roll in twenty minutes. The sound of keys clanging against each other pried Cassie's attention away from her reflection. Sara smirked while dangling two sets of keys in the air.
"You have a choice. A silver minivan, or a gold minivan?" Sara shook the keys some more. "That's all I have with tinted windows."
Cassie shrugged. "I'll take the gold one. Minivans are great cover vehicles." 
"Excellent," Sara said as she handed Cassie the rental agreement to sign. "Drive safe, and don't forget brunch with mom on Sunday. I work until noon, so brunch is at one." 
"I'll be there," Cassie confirmed as she walked out the door. Whether it was breakfast, brunch, or dinner, every Sunday was spent with mom. It was the one family tradition that they all looked forward to. 
Before Cassie pulled out of the car lot, she called Eryn. It would take a miracle to get Eryn to come out tonight because she wasn't into the whole living life on the edge scene. Cassie would probably have to stretch the truth to get Eryn to come out, but it would only be a small stretch.
***
The white bungalow, across the street, stood oddly out of place in the neighborhood. The house had new windows, shingles, siding, and the yard was immaculate. It was minimally landscaped with rock, grass and trees. There were no flowers or weeds. The ancient elm tree in the front yard was half bare because the leaves had begun to fall, but there wasn't a single dead fallen leaf on the ground. The lush, green lawn clearly defied the forthcoming winter. The owner took pride in his well-maintained property, or he had OCD. Cassie admired the brick work that cradled juvenile evergreen shrubs in front of a large bay window. She scanned to the houses on either side of the white bungalow and shook her head. They were rundown shacks with weedy, garbage strewn yards, and it was a tossup as to whether or not they should be condemned. She wondered how anyone could possibly live in them.
"Why would anyone choose to live in the hood? That house is so out of place," Cassie stated to her best friend Eryn, who was sitting shotgun. "I can't believe they don't have a problem with vandals or break-ins." The white bungalow would fit into any middle-class neighborhood in the world-anywhere but where it was currently situated.
"This is, by far, the stupidest thing we have ever done," Eryn moaned. She rolled her eyes and completely ignored Cassie's observations. Eryn stared through the tinted windows of the minivan and shifted uncomfortably in her seat. 
Eryn's patience had reached its end, and Cassie knew her friend wouldn't hold out much longer. Eryn was miserable and bored. 
"I'm cold, my ass is sore, and I need to pee. It's been three hours! You promised me a fun night. Had I known this was your plan, I would have stayed home. I'm not having fun!" Eryn grumbled. "First of all, who actually pulls a stakeout on some random house in the middle of the hood for practice? I guess I should be grateful that you picked the nicest house for miles?" She rubbed her frozen hands together to warm them up. "Secondly, this is a rented van. What if we're attacked, and the van is damaged? You could have selected a safer neighborhood for us to play pretend in." Eryn glared at Cassie expecting a reply. 
They were running out of things to talk about. Cassie would have to confess if she expected Eryn to stick around.
"OK, so I lied to get you out here," Cassie admitted casually. She tore her gaze away from the white bungalow and turned to Eryn. "I really just wanted company. The story about choosing a random house to practice on?well that was also a lie. This is a real surveillance gig! The real deal! Aren't you excited? By the way, no one calls it a stakeout anymore." Cassie beamed at her friend, expecting her to be excited. 
Eryn was blown away by Cassie's confession, and she was definitely not impressed. If looks could kill, Cassie would be long gone. 
"Oh, and no worries about the van, I got the extra insurance," Cassie hoped to ease her friends mind. Eryn was unmoved, her eyebrows aggressively scrunched together, and her face was red. Cassie half expected steam to start blowing from Eryn's ears. 
"I'm sorry I lied to you," Cassie said, "But it wasn't totally selfish. I genuinely thought it would be good to get you out. You never leave your farm. It's not natural. I'm afraid you'll end up a crazy, old lady who talks to cats and wears muumuus." Cassie cringed at what was coming. Okay, so the cat talk and muumuus was too far, but the crazy part was on par with the look on Eryn's face.
"Are you out of your mind?!" Eryn raged. "I can't believe you lied to me. TWICE. This private investigator crap is not my cup of tea, and you know it!" Eryn huffed, crossed her arms, and stared miserably out the window. "Unbelievable. If I get killed on your clock, I'm coming back to haunt you." 
"Think of it as a creative way to spend ladies night. Isn't this exciting?" Cassie smiled as she turned to Eryn. 
"Yeah. What a wonderful way to spend a Friday night. I'm actually thrilled that some psycho could take us out, and our bodies will be found in some foul little corner of the hood. Thrilled," Eryn snorted. 
"You're not going to die," Cassie assured her friend. "You're being dramatic. It's just an infidelity case. The client suspects his wife of having an affair with the guy in that house." She nodded towards the white bungalow. "His name is Jack Brady, and he is the karate instructor who teaches their son. Look, the client will text me once his wife arrives home, and then we can leave. If he doesn't text, we have to stay until morning." 
Eryn glared daggers at her. "There is no way I'm sitting in this van until morning," she stated point blank. "Why are we stalking this guy anyway? Shouldn't you have a tail on the wife? What if this Jack guy isn't even the guy?" 
Cassie looked away quickly, but Eryn caught on to the look of shame. 
"What?" Eryn demanded. 
"Well," Cassie paused. "I had a tail on the wife. Anyway, I was parked outside the client's house for hours, waiting for the wife to make some sort of move while the kid was at school. The client came home and told me to stick around. His wife was planning to go out with a girlfriend. I had every intention of following her?" She winced and looked down. "I had to pee. I was going to meet up with you at the office after I went to the bathroom. We would have been back in plenty of time to tail the wife, but while I was in the gas station bathroom the client texted to say his wife's girlfriend picked her up an hour early, and he wasn't sure where they were going. Anyway, the client was pissed, but I had to go to the bathroom at some point." Cassie stopped to catch her breath. "I went by the girlfriend's house to see if that was where they went, but they weren't there, so I figured I could keep an eye on Jack's place, since the client suspects Jack is his wife's lover."
"Okay then," Eryn said. "You should have told me the truth." She was beginning to soften.
"I was embarrassed that I lost her, and you wouldn't have come if I didn't lie to lure you out," Cassie reasoned. "You have to admit, now that you know the truth, it is more exciting than just sitting here staring at some random house. Now we have a purpose!" Cassie smiled brazenly and gave Eryn a loving, apologetic nudge. "You can't wimp out on me now. I need you." 
"I am not a wimp!" Eryn snapped. "I happen to be very brave. Whatever! I have to pee, and we've been sitting here forever. I can't hold it much longer. I'm getting out!" Eryn reached for the handle.
"You can't just pee in the street," Cassie reasoned as she pulled Eryn back from the door.
"This is the hood. I'm sure it's been done. You're the hotshot P.I.-keep an eye out for me," Eryn retorted.
Just as Eryn was about to open the door, someone knocked on Cassie's window. Both women jumped and leaned towards the centre console. 
"Shit, it's Jack!" Cassie whispered. "Don't move. Maybe he won't see us." He tapped on the window again. 
"I thought you said we couldn't be seen," Eryn hissed. The fear was now apparent in both their eyes. He tapped again. 
 "Stay down," Eryn whispered as she ruffled her hands through her hair and took a deep breath. Eryn opened her door, stood on the frame, and peered over the van at the street where the most beautiful man, she had honestly ever seen, was standing. It was close to midnight, and the lights from the street illuminated his magnificently flawless body. His scruffy, dark hair framed his unshaven, olive face which looked like it belonged to a Greek god. Eryn quickly composed herself, grabbed on to the luggage rack, stretched as tall as her 5'7" body would allow, and gave him the best how dare you scowl that she could muster. 
"Excuse me, do you mind?" Eryn demanded with feigned exasperation. She tossed her long blond hair to the side.
"Yeah," he replied. "Why have you been parked outside of my house all night?" The suspicion and irritation in his voice was evident. 
Cassie listened and smiled. Eryn was always quick on her feet.
"For your information," Eryn said as she pulled a tale from that magical place deep within her ass, "My girlfriend and I were just looking for some privacy, not that it's any of your business. This is a public street is it not?" she demanded with a genuinely snotty tone. 
"Whatever babe, maybe you should swing for a safer neighbourhood to make out in. What if I were a drug dealer or rapist?" Jack said. 
"We can take care of ourselves, thank you very much," Erin snapped.
"Whatever," he said. Cassie heard him walk away, and she breathed a sigh of relief. Eryn slowly lowered herself back into the minivan and slumped into her seat with a huff. 
"Damn! He's super-hot," Eryn moaned. "And he thinks I'm a lesbian. Nice."
"Holy shit!" Cassie released the breath she was holding while she damn near crapped in her pants. "That was close. You totally saved my ass!" She winced as Eryn yanked the door shut with a pointed slam. 
"You owe me. Big time." She turned to Cassie, her azure eyes were blazing. 
Cassie leaned towards Eryn. "Oh my God! I know. Thank you! Randy would have been pissed if I blew my cover." She smiled triumphantly. "See? Now, what would I have done if you weren't here? You saved my ass, chickie."
Eryn lost it. "We didn't even see him come out! Some private investigator you are!" She paused from her rant for a second to admire Jack, one last time, as he strolled into his house. "He is so beautiful. I swear he looks like a Greek god," she moaned painfully. "Hey, maybe I'll ask him if I can use his bathroom," she teased as she fake reached for the door.
"No!" Cassie snapped, grabbing Eryn's arm. "Let me think. Normally, I would just go in the alley, but I'm afraid you'll be murdered. We can't just leave the job. This day can't be a total waste." She paused for a moment to think, but Jack's sexy ass invaded her thoughts. "He is beautiful though. Damn!" 
"Yeah, well, I just told that beautiful man that I was having a lesbian affair," Eryn whined. "I'm so depressed. I want to go home to bed. This sucks!" She glared at Cassie who was staring dreamily out the window. Eryn rolled her eyes dramatically. "Hello? You're married."
"I'm married, not blind." As if on cue, Cassie's cell phone vibrated. Cassie looked at the text and sighed. "You're off the hook. The wife just got home, and since no one came or went from that house except Jack, I'm going to assume she wasn't there." She started the minivan and pulled away from the curb.
 "You know, Jack had a point. Please enlighten me as to how you intend to protect your petite-ass from the psychos of the world. What if Jack had been a rapist or murderer?" Eryn asked. 
"I would have started the van and took off." Cassie giggled, trying to lighten the mood. "Actually, I've been taking karate classes for the past couple of weeks. So there!" She grinned slyly as she turned and winked at Eryn.
"Nice," Eryn said. "Let me guess who the instructor is." She paused and glared at Cassie, expecting an explanation. 
Eryn always looked out for Cassie. They had been best friends since high school and would do anything for each other. Eryn had two people she truly loved left in this world, Ben and Cassie, and she was not about to lose either of them. 
"I'm learning to defend myself," Cassie said, "And it just so happens, I can keep an eye on the wife at the same time."
"You're hardly home in the evenings as it is. When was the last time you spent more than an hour with your husband? I can't believe Greg is okay with this. Surely, he can talk sense into you," Eryn rambled. She was genuinely concerned for Cassie's well-being. "By the way, what did you tell Greg you were doing tonight?"
"Relax. Jeez. He knows I'm on a surveillance job, and I told him you were coming with me. I also told him I was going to spend the night at the farm to help you with the yearlings tomorrow, and I would be home tomorrow evening." She grinned at Eryn and crooned, "It's all good, baby. However, now that my hormones are racing, thanks to the Greek god from the hood, I think I'll go home early and spend some quality shag time with my husband." 
Greg won't know what hit him, Cassie thought coyly. That slut between her legs, also known as her vagina, had a mind of her own, and she was definitely thinking she needed to get laid. 
"I'll still swing by the farm in the morning and help though. I love playing with the yearlings," Cassie said.
"Whatever. I'm going to pee my pants if we don't find a bathroom in a fast hurry." Eryn squirmed uncomfortably in her seat.
"We're almost there."
Cassie stopped at the nearest gas station for a bathroom break and then drove Eryn back to the office to pickup her truck. It was late, but it was only a ten-minute drive to the office, and then a short drive home. Eryn had a thirty minute drive out to her farm. 
Even though Eryn was unimpressed with the events of the evening, Cassie knew her bestie would be over it by morning. Eryn Miller's greatest fear was losing another loved one, so Cassie didn't get angry at Eryn's protective ways. She understood completely. 
It seemed like only yesterday, but it was more like ten years ago, when Eryn's parents were killed in a car accident. Eryn was in her second year of university when it happened. Eryn and her older brother Ben inherited the racehorse farm from their parents. It was a decent chunk of land with two large barns that could house up to forty-eight horses. Eryn dropped out of university after her parents were killed and took over the farm. Ben came home to help between races. 
The Standardbred horses that were used for racing were in Alberta during racing season, and the breeders and babies enjoyed life on the farm. Like Eryn, Ben was a racehorse trainer. Ben spent most of his time at the racetrack. When he couldn't be there, the full-time trainer they employed cared for the horses. Eryn, with the help of the occasional hired farmhand, took care of the farm. Ben travelled back and forth and helped out as much as possible. They kept a good chunk of land for straw, feed, and grazing purposes and leased out the remaining crop land to a neighboring farmer.
Eryn gave Cassie a decent amount of shit for becoming a private investigator, but Cassie knew her friend would support her. Cassie loved her new career and fed off the adrenaline rush she got when working on a case. It was a good substitute for horseracing which she gave up when the local track shut down two years ago. She could have moved to another city to race, but travelling from track to track was exhausting and not what she wanted at the time. 
More than anything, Cassie wanted a stable family life. She and her younger sister Sara were raised by their single mom, Margo Woods. Their father, John, split shortly after Sara was born. Cassie was two at the time, so she had only a vague memory of him, and he was never in contact with his family again. Cassie always longed for her father, and it still hurt when she thought about how he had abandoned them. There were times when she thought about trying to find him-she was in the perfect line of work to do so, and it probably wouldn't take much, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. She was afraid, for so many reasons, of the outcome if she did find him. Cassie had an overwhelming fear of rejection, but she was also concerned that bringing up painful memories of abandonment would hurt her mom and sister. 
Margo was a devoted mom. She worked hard to pay the bills and keep food on the table. Raising two girls had to be difficult, but her mom managed. Margo never complained, and she was always practical. Because their mom had to work so much, Cassie and Sara were left to their own devices, but Cassie always looked out for Sara. 
There was nothing Cassie wanted more than a normal family, and it was Eryn's family dynamic that fed that desire. The Millers were a close, loving family. They welcomed Cassie into their family, from day one, and treated her as such. 
Not long after Cassie and Eryn became friends, Eryn's dad Martin hired Cassie to work part-time as a groom in his barn at the track. Cassie instantly fell in love with the horses and became hooked on the excitement of racing. Eryn's family taught Cassie everything she knew about racing, and she eventually became a trainer. Martin gave her a horse as a high school graduation gift. His racing name was Gun with the Wynd, but Cassie called him Gunner. He was a feisty two year old stud and loved to go fast. She successfully trained Gunner and was able to purchase more horses with his race winnings. Cassie pursued her love of racing and worked hard to make something of her life.
Sara, on the other hand, was the complete opposite of Cassie in every possible way. The trail of broken hearts, which Sara left behind, was long. Sara had been with more men than Cassie cared to count, and the implications were of considerable concern to Cassie and their mom. Sara was incredibly beautiful, but she was irresponsible, restless and needy. At twenty-eight, Sara still lived at home with their mom. She partied all the time, had little ambition, and bounced from job to job. Cassie was hopeful that Sara would settle down one day and truly fall in love, but Cassie wasn't holding her breath.
Cassie met her true love, Greg Montgomery, at a BBQ about a year before the track closed. Cassie fell fast and hard for him the minute they met. Six months later, they were married in Vegas. Greg worked full-time as an emergency room nurse at City Hospital. The shifts were twelve hours long, and they rotated twice a month, so it was difficult to find time to be together. Cassie never complained because marrying Greg was the best decision she ever made. Their relationship was strong, but they needed to spend more time together because Cassie missed him. Between his shift work and her crazy long hours, they hardly saw each other. 
Erin interrupted Cassie's daydream. "If he isn't expecting you until tomorrow night, then come out to the farm. It's late."
"Thanks anyway, but I need to get home to my own bed. Plus, I'm super horny right now." Cassie really wanted to shag her husband. "Ooooo. I can't wait," she cooed. 
"Must be nice," Eryn sulked. "I can't remember the last time I got off?with a man, that is, and not my vibrator." They both laughed. "A girl's gotta do, what a girl's gotta do." She giggled. "Do you know what's really great about my vibrator? I can toss it in the drawer when I'm done and don't have to deal with any crap." Eryn turned and flashed Cassie a confident smile. "Yes, I am my own woman."
"You're a lonely woman, and we are going to rectify that real soon," Cassie stated matter-of-factly. "We have to get you a man," Cassie said as seriously as she could manage. "Your relationship with your vibrator is starting to freak me out." They both giggled.
Cassie admired her friend, but she was also concerned. Although Eryn lived life exactly the way she wanted, she was lonely. Eryn's status wasn't about to change until she was over the betrayal that afflicted her soul for the past two years. 
"When you decide you're ready for a relationship, you will have it," Cassie stated with a gentle smile. "That is, if you can love a man more than a horse," she teased. "But if you want kids? your clock is ticking," 
Eryn laughed and shook her head. "I think I'm good for now. I honestly don't think I'm the domestic type-unless the Greek god wants to have a go. Otherwise, life is good. I love my life. My horses are my world. There is nothing like a nice ride after a long day." 
"Tell me about it," Cassie snickered perversely. 
"You're sick." 
"Great minds think alike?" Cassie said, and they both giggled. 
"Now get out. I need to go home and shag my husband. Love you buddy," Cassie said, and they hugged, knowing how fortunate they were to have each other. 
On the drive home, Cassie thought about how Eryn and Greg were the only people in her life she could really count on. Her mom and sister didn't really get her the way that they did. Eryn was right though, Cassie and Greg needed to work out more time to be together. Cassie's marriage was top priority, and she needed to ensure that she treated it as such. 
A good shagging was exactly what they needed. They hadn't spent a really good night together in months. Sure, they still had sex, but it was rarely spontaneous. She giggled as she thought about surprising her husband. Cassie knew how lucky she truly was, and she couldn't wait to be in Greg's arms.
As she drove through the city, her thoughts drifted to how pretty the lights of Regina looked at night. Regina, Saskatchewan may be a flat prairie city of about a quarter million, but it truly was a beautiful city. It was a typical mid-September evening with a slight chill in the air, signaling the rapidly approaching winter. Cassie shivered at the thought. Winters in Saskatchewan were guaranteed to be lengthy and blistery cold.
Cassie thought about how her life had changed since the racetrack closed. Both Eryn and Cassie had horses and worked on track. Cassie decided to give up the track and marry Greg. She sold most of her racers, but she kept Gunner and five mares and retired them to Eryn's farm. Gunner was enjoying life as a breeding stud, and the mares were a part of Eryn's breeding program. The mares were producing well, and the babies were selling for decent money. With the money earned selling Cassie's racers, she and Greg were able to put a down payment on their dream home. Money was never an issue in their marriage. They both had decent jobs, and her mares were generating more money now in Eryn's hands then they ever did in hers. Eryn had a way with the horses, and her breeding program was one of the best in the country. Yearlings from her program sold for no less than ten thousand dollars apiece.
When the track closed, Cassie started working as a receptionist for Randy Tyler at Tyler Investigations. She caught on fast and within a few months started a P.I. training course, so she could get licensed. The months of evening classes in self-defense, first aid, firearm safety, and firearm handling were finally over, and Cassie was officially licensed last month. 
Randy insisted that she tag along with him on several surveillance jobs, and he hovered like an over-protective parent. It drove Cassie nuts, but knowing that Randy trusted her abilities enough to give her the Schmidt case, made everything worthwhile. Most days, she was stuck at her desk making phone calls, doing online searches, and background checks, so surveillance was a welcome change. Randy recently asked if she wanted to become his partner. He was a brilliant investigator and fantastic boss, so she was definitely considering his offer.
The Schmidt case was her first real case, and she was determined to be the professional Randy was looking for. So far, Jack seemed to be innocent, but that could change. Personally, Cassie hated the idea of spying on people in an attempt to catch them cheating, but it was a common request for services in her line of work, and it was always interesting. Surprisingly, people who suspect their spouse of cheating already know that they are and just want the proof. Her point of view about spying on a spouse was simple-if you don't trust the person you're with, you probably shouldn't be with them. Although, who can blame a husband for worrying about his woman staying faithful in the presence of a karate instructor as delicious as Jack Brady.
Chapter Two
Cassie pulled onto her street and noticed the lights were on upstairs at her house. He's still awake, she thought. It was after midnight, but she was wide awake and hoping for a long night. As she approached her house, Cassie noticed a familiar car in the driveway. She slowed down to check it out.
"Why would she be here this late?" Cassie questioned aloud. A suspicious knot formed in her stomach. Her instincts were screaming in her ears. Something was definitely wrong. 
Cassie circled the block and parked on the opposite side of the street, a couple of houses away, and stared at her home with apprehension. She reluctantly stepped out of the van, sped across the street, and crept along the side of the house to the back door off the deck. A sick knot twisted in the pit of her stomach, and it grew with intensity as she approached the deck. Driven by instinct, she crept up the stairs to the deck, ignoring the chills that travelled, with sadistic speed, up her spine to the base of her neck. She glanced at the patio table and noticed several empty wine bottles and two empty wine glasses. The chills morphed into a full-body, traitorous burn. 
Cassie picked up the glasses, one at a time, to judiciously examine them. There was pink lipstick on one! She tilted her head to the side as a swarm of unsettling questions spun through her mind. The potential answers enraged her. She snatched a half empty bottle of merlot and flew into the house through the open patio door. The sick knotty feeling in her stomach threatened her senses, and she swallowed hard to retain her stomach contents. She drifted robotically upstairs towards their bedroom as if being pulled by an unseen force. 
This can't be happening, Cassie thought. She crept along the hall as one hand clasped the bottle of wine close to her chest, and the other hand guided her. Her fingers on the cool wall helped to steady her, but it wasn't enough. She hesitated and leaned into the wall for support. Cassie strained to reason with her suspicious mind while it raced wildly out of control. She briefly contemplated turning to flee but stopped herself. She wanted to know. She needed to know, but at the same time, she was terrified of what she would discover. Somehow her body made it to the partially closed bedroom door. Cassie paused to listen. The sound of movement startled her and she turned, ready to run and hide, but a woman moaned from inside her bedroom. Fury took over?panic was a close second. Dizzy and nauseous, she fought her senses in an effort to remain upright. The burning black between her eyes threatened her consciousness, but a familiar giggle steadied her. 
Cassie flashed back to her dream from the night before. Her hand trembled uncontrollably as she reached out, but it paused when it came to rest on the smooth, brushed brass handle?she eased the door open. 
The master bedroom that Cassie and her husband Greg shared wasn't empty. Tears escaped Cassie's eyes as she gazed upon the lovers writhing around in her bed. Cassie watched stunned to silence as her husband pumped in and out of his lover while kissing her passionately. Cassie's brain spun out of control. Was this a nightmare? Had she fallen asleep at the wheel and now she was in hell? 
Greg straddled his lover, oblivious to Cassie's presence. Wrath consumed her, and she hurled the wine bottle at the wall, barely missing Greg's head. He whipped around and gaped as Cassie's eyes met the horrified eyes of her younger sister Sara.
The silence in the room was sickening. Cassie raised her eyes to observe the wall above the bed. Crimson liquid trickled down the wall just above Sara's head. Her dream! It was just like her dream! Cassie wobbled on her feet, and she fought the urge to faint. This was what had caused the feeling of dread in her dream. Greg wasn't hurt. He had betrayed her. She couldn't even fathom which fate was worse. 
Shock and all-consuming disgust clutched her stomach and made its way to the back of her throat, causing her to involuntarily gag. She clutched her stomach as the heaving took possession of her body, triggering the release of her stomach contents onto the floor and Sara's clothes. There was swearing and bustling as Greg and Sara scrambled for clothes, but it all seemed like a slow motion scene in a movie. Probably only ten seconds passed, but it felt like an hour. 
They desperately tried to speak to her, but she was deaf to their words. There wasn't anything they could possibly say that she wanted to hear, and she was too dumfounded to speak. She turned and stumbled out of the bedroom, down the stairs, and out the open patio door she previously entered. She paused in her driveway for a moment to catch her breath, gather her racing thoughts, and plan her next move, but she was too shaken to think. She didn't know what to do. She stumbled like she was drunk to the van and practically fell into the driver's seat. She sat motionless, staring blankly at her house for what seemed like eternity but was only a few minutes. 
Greg flew down the drive way, waving his hands wildly in an attempt to get Cassie's attention. The world around Cassie violently returned to focus, and raw overpowering fury took over. She started the van, wrenched it into reverse, and backed up several feet. Cassie glared at Greg with disgust in her eyes. She revved the engine for a couple of seconds and turned the wheel just enough to pick her target. Cassie flipped Greg the bird and raced forward, as fast as she could get the minivan to go, turning at just the right angle to collide straight into the bumper of Sara's shitty little car, which created a domino effect, as it launched forward and crushed the rear of Greg's car, causing it to blow through the garage door. The airbags in the minivan deployed and momentarily stunned Cassie, but adrenaline prevented her from passing out, and she came around fast. What had she done? Cassie cringed at the sight of the mashed up vehicles. Both cars and the minivan were probably write-offs...not to mention the damage to the garage. 
"Shit," she whispered. It was too late now.
Greg and Sara were screaming at her, but she ignored them as she fumbled for her purse and got out of the van in a rage. They ran towards her, but Cassie spun seething with anger, and they froze unsure of her next move.
 Cassie leered at them. "Stay the hell away from me! Both of you, or I swear to God, I'll kill you both!" Drawn to the commotion, her neighbors started to gather in the front yard. "Sorry to wake you. I had to swerve to avoid hitting a dog," she called out her explanation with a genuine smile that strained her face to produce. Cassie turned and glared daggers at Greg and Sara who were still frozen in place. "Filthy dog is more like it," Cassie spat at them. She walked away, as calmly as she could, until she turned off her street out of sight. Then, she ran. She ran with a desperate need to get away with no real idea as to where she was going.
Images of the lovers muddled Cassie mind, and the world around her started to spin out of control. Cassie was forced to stop in an attempt to regain her senses, but the dizziness took over, and her legs buckled. She let the fall take her, and she collapsed onto the cold grass. Cassie's face broke her fall as it smacked into something hard. She knew she would have a gash, maybe there was blood, but it didn't matter. She didn't even try to care. Nothing mattered. Her life, as she knew it, was over. Cassie numbly regarded the dark surroundings in a daze and strained to pull her thoughts together. At some point, she called Eryn from her cell phone but couldn't recall the conversation. Cassie managed to mumble her whereabouts, and she knew Eryn was coming for her. Eryn. The only person she could trust. Where else could she go? She couldn't go home. She most certainly did not want to go to her mother's house. What would she say to her mom?
"Oh, God!" she moaned in agony. Avoiding the devastation that consumed her soul was not going to happen, so she succumbed to it. She sobbed until she couldn't see straight.

Cassie woke to familiar surroundings. She was in her room at Eryn's house. Unsure as to why she was there, she scanned the darkness. She was groggy and confused. It took mere seconds for the events of the previous evening to invade her mind.
"Oh God! It wasn't a nightmare." Cassie choked as she submitted to the emotional breakdown that had been waiting to take her. The misery was unbearable. Her chest ached as she bawled uncontrollably. Eryn, who had dosed off next to Cassie, woke with a start and instantly embraced her friend.
 "Shhh, sweetie, let it out," Eryn whispered gently. "Don't you worry about a thing, I'm gonna take care of you." She was heartbroken for her friend and couldn't contain her own tears. They cried together, and at some point, they dosed again.
When Cassie roused again, the tears were gone. She was instantly furious. It was the most potent anger she had ever experienced in her life. 
She noticed Eryn was already out of bed and off somewhere, probably feeding the horses. Cassie crawled out of bed and headed for the shower. Her shoulders ached from sobbing, her eye sockets were sand pits, her stomach felt like there was a ten pound boulder in it, and her heart felt like it had been ripped from her chest. 
Cassie caught her reflection in the mirror. She scrutinized the nasty looking hag that stared back at her. She looked, at minimum, ten years older than her thirty years. She winced as she touched the scabbing wound above her eyebrow. Her normally well-groomed mane looked like a rats nest, and her brown eyes were surrounded by puffy redness and mascara streaks. She looked like a rabid raccoon on crack. 
Unbelievable, Cassie thought while staring at her haggard reflection. Did last night really happen, or was it just a bad dream? No. It happened all right. Her entire world came crashing down, and two people she loved and trusted more than anything had been the cause. Cassie climbed into the shower and let the hot water pelt her numb body as she prayed for the strength to move forward. 
Her husband and her sister were having an affair. The reality of their betrayal mercilessly punched her in the heart. The pain took her breath away.
"I'm living a friggin soap opera," Cassie whispered.
What the hell happened? She and Greg were so happy, so in love. The last two years of her marriage to Greg flashed through her mind as she desperately searched for some clue, some sign. Yes, they both had crazy, conflicting work schedules, but she thought things were good. He never gave her any indication that he wasn't happy. She thought they were best friends. They talked and made love all the time. Although, they were definitely struggling to find quality time to be together and were lucky if they ate dinner together twice a week. Still, she never thought for a single second that he didn't love her, that she wasn't his world. He called or texted daily how much he loved her. Whether they were busy with work or not, it didn't stop him from making her feel special, and she definitely tried to return the favor. So, what the hell?!
She was reminded of the text Greg sent her yesterday afternoon. She recalled the words and wondered if she had imagined them, but she knew they were real. His words. His infidelity. His filthy lies.
 I love you, his text had read. How could he send her a message of love and then hours later betray her in the worst possible way? 
Was it the sex? She always thought sex with Greg was fantastic. Apparently, he had other ideas. Apparently, she had no idea what was really going on. Apparently, her husband was a deceitful pig. The reality of who he really was gouged a deeper hole in her already wounded soul. She had been played for a fool?a stupid, nave fool.
Cassie's thoughts drifted to the betrayal that cut the deepest. Sara. How could her baby sister be so callous? She never, in a million years, expected this from Sara. Bile rose in her throat as she thought about it. She didn't want to deal with any of this. Right now, she was devastated, and she felt completely drained. The thought of facing the reality of the situation sucked every last ounce of strength from her body. 
Cassie recognized the sooner she dealt with things, the sooner she could move on, but what she needed most at the moment was sleep. She was broken, utterly defeated, and completely lost. It was all she could do to dry off and haul her exhausted ass back to bed. Her head hit the pillow, and sleep mercifully took her to a place where she didn't have to face the pain.
Chapter Three
Cassie opened her eyes to total darkness. She felt at peace in the dark and remained unmoved. Several minutes later, she accepted the fact that she wasn't returning to sleep anytime soon. She grudgingly turned her head to glance at the clock by the bed. 
"12:15a.m. Great," she whispered, "I've slept the day away." 
Driven by insatiable hunger, Cassie forced herself out of bed and into her clothes. She padded down the hall to the already lit kitchen expecting to find Eryn still awake, but when she entered the kitchen she was surprised to discover Ben leaning against the sink, eating a sandwich. She panicked, realizing that she looked like complete shit with the worst kind of bedhead. All it took was for her to gaze into Ben's baby blues, and she crumbled. Her life sucked. The pain in her heart was too much. Before she knew what was happening, Ben was there, taking her into his arms. She lost all control and broke down, sobbing into his shirt. A minute later, Ben snapped her out of her self-imposed pity party with a light chuckle.
"Um, how about a tissue? You're getting snot all over my shirt," he said.
"Fuck," Cassie choked as she pulled from his embrace. "Just fuck! You smell Ben!" She laughed and gave him a playful shove. It was a futile attempt to scrape her dignity off of the floor. 
"Well, thanks. I've been working in a shit filled barn all day. How am I supposed to smell?" Ben quipped, trying to sound injured.
"Sorry, it's been a rough day. I'm a mess myself," Cassie explained weekly. The truth was she loved the smell of barn. It made her feel at home. And she loved Ben. He was a sweetheart. She sniffed, and changed the subject from her shitty life as fast as she could. "When did you get in? Is Kali with you?" she asked. "I haven't seen you two in months." 
"I just got in. Drove like a bat out of hell to get here. I gotta load the yearlings tomorrow and head for the sale in Calgary." He paused for an awkward moment and sighed. "Kali's fine, or so I hear. We broke up a few months ago. I found out she was tramping around with Kevin Lanoway."
"Bitch!" Cassie spat. She shook her head realizing that she was being catty. "I'm sorry Ben. I thought she was nice." She wondered why Eryn hadn't mentioned anything to her about Kali and Kevin. "Does Eryn know about Kevin?" 
Ben nodded with a frown. "She knows, and now she has a serious hate-on for Kali." 
Cassie was silent while she processed it. Eryn probably didn't say anything because she was seething mad. Up until two years ago, when Eryn discovered Kevin was shagging everything with a hole between its legs, Kevin had been the love of her life. Eryn was destroyed when she discovered Kevin had cheated on her, and she's been single ever since. The subject of Kevin Lanoway had been off limits for months, which is why Eryn probably didn't mention it. Still, it wasn't right for Eryn to suffer in silence.
Cassie didn't blame Eryn in the least. Especially now that she knew what it felt like to have her heart ripped out. It was truly disgusting that Kevin would go after Eryn's brother's woman though. That was a new low, even for him. What Kevin did paled in comparison to having your sister stab you in the heart, but it was close. 
Poor Eryn, Cassie thought. Poor Ben. Cassie shook her head at the irony. No one should be betrayed so harshly by the one they loved. Yet, it seemed to be a growing trend. Cassie seriously questioned whether she would ever trust another man.
 "Sounds like we have something in common," Cassie blurted out before she could stop herself. She frowned and looked away as her humiliation washed over her face. It was beyond her control to even try to hide it. Why bother?
Ben stepped forward, put his hand to her chin, lifted it towards his gaze, and looked her square in the eye. "Yes, Kali is a bitch, and Greg's a fucking asshole. And your sister, well, that one needs a boot up the ass...Just saying."
"I take it Eryn told you about my recent marital?issues." She knew Eryn and Ben were close.
 Ben nodded and held Cassie's gaze intently. Tears escaped her eyes. "You didn't do anything to deserve this," he insisted. Cassie wasn't so sure. Maybe it was the way he said it, or the gentle way he held her chin, or the way his muscular arm flexed as he did so, or maybe it was the fact that he smelled like home. In a flash, she flew at him, crashing her lips to his. She kissed him desperately, like he was the last man on earth. Ben pulled her in and wrapped his arms around her tight, returning her kiss with the same intensity. Her hands trailed up and into Ben's sun kissed, brown hair, and she held him to her lips. Her hands draped around his neck, and she melted in his arms. Moments later, reality crept in, and she abruptly pulled away. Her face flushed crimson with a mix of passion and embarrassment.
"Ben, I...I'm sorry. I'm not myself." She felt awful because she realized she had crossed a line. "You're a great kisser." She laughed lightly and shook her head. "But I'm a mess. I didn't intend to molest you. I honestly just came out here to get a sandwich. I'm friggin starved!"
"Well, you can have the other half of my sandwich if you like," Ben offered. He handed Cassie the sandwich and grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge. "Come on. You can help me close up." 
Cassie inhaled the sandwich as she followed behind him. She was famished, and the sandwich was delicious. They walked in silence to the barns. She shadowed Ben into barn one, smirking as Ben meticulously checked the tack rooms and empty stalls. There weren't any horses in barn one because it was the barn they used for boarding horses. He was checking it out of habit, and his OCD made her smile.
Although barn one was empty at the moment, Cassie knew that it would soon be full because horsemen needing a place to winter their horses often used Eryn's farm. Regina was strategically placed in the middle of Canada, so it was a convenient stop for horsemen who followed the racing circuit between Alberta and Manitoba. Barn one also had several dorm rooms, a kitchenette, and a large washroom with showers, for the visiting horsemen.
Ben shut the lights to barn one and closed the doors, and she followed him to barn two. Barn two was the barn that Eryn used to house her horses and yearlings. It was important to keep them separate from the boarders in case they were carrying viruses. The lights in the shed row were still on, but the horses were asleep. At the moment the only horses in the barn were the nine mares, three studs, and four yearlings. Their twelve racers were still in Calgary. Cassie walked along the shed row, looking for her boy. Gunner was a playful old stud, who always gave the best loving. She paused in front of his stall and watched him sleep. He had his nose down in the opposite corner. Cassie was disappointed, and for a moment, considered waking him.
 Ben approached her and whispered, "Don't wake him up, or the horny bugger will never settle." Cassie knew the feeling. She nodded and followed Ben to the tack room. 
Ben hit the switch to the shed row, and the barn, with the exception of the tack room, went dark. He cracked the beers, handed one to Cassie, and motioned for her to sit. She crawled onto the chaise lawn chair opposite him and stared intently at the ceiling. 
Where had her life gone so terribly wrong? Her husband was a lying cheat, something that was absolutely news to her. Cassie's sister had shagged her husband and here Cassie was throwing herself at Ben, her best friend's brother. She should feel bad about it, but she already felt shitty enough. Kissing Ben gave her a moment's reprieve from her crappy life-for a moment, she felt alive again. Still, it was out of line and crazy. Cassie felt like an idiot. Ben sat across from her sipping his beer, as casual as could be, while she quietly died from embarrassment. She sighed heavily.
"I'm gonna head in," Cassie said as she rose and started to leave. "Thanks for the sandwich and the beer." And the kiss, she thought, shaking her head at her wild behavior.
"Cass, wait..." Ben said. He closed the space between them. Cassie turned to look at him, and he paused like he wanted to say something but couldn't quite find the words. 
Cassie smiled weakly and was about to turn away, but Ben grabbed her and pulled her into his arms. Before she could protest, his lips took hers, and she was a goner. He pulled her in tight and kissed her hard, backing her up against the wall. His lips trailed her face and neck and then back to her trembling mouth. She really wanted to stop, but her throbbing vagina had a mind of its own, and that slutty bitch was pushing her forward. 
Fuck it, she thought, I need this. Ben does, too. She surrendered to the need. Whatever it took, she was determined to feel good for one night. She was going to thoroughly enjoy every second of what was coming. The hell with reality-the hell with it all.
Ben's hands caressed her body with skill and ease. One hand cupped her ass and pulled her against his hardness, and the other hand crept under her shirt to her breast. His finger traced gentle circles around her nipple, driving her over the edge. She grabbed at the belt on his jeans and tugged at the zipper until she had his cock in hand. She gently pumped and squeezed. He moaned into her lips. 
"Son of a bitch," he muttered breathlessly as he gently pulled away. He paused for a moment and glanced around, trying to figure out his next move. He scooped her up and carried her over to the straw bales, kissing her ravenously along the way. They both knew what was coming. There was no need to talk about it. He put Cassie down, grabbed a horse blanket, tossed it across the bales, and motioned for Cassie to sit. He stood before her, looked into her eyes, and knelt between her legs. 
She trembled with a mixture of need, passion, and fear, but the minute he placed his hands on either side of her face and pulled her into a kiss, she knew she would be safe. Ben's hands worked quickly. Before she knew it, they were laying side by side and naked. His touch was an aphrodisiac that she wasn't aware existed. They kissed and touched, for as long as she could stand it. The burning desire to have his cock inside of her was too much to take. Impatient and eager for release, Cassie tossed him onto his back and climbed on. She cried out in ecstasy as each inch of his cock pressed into the starved mouth of the whore between her legs. All inhibition was gone, and she intended to get the relief that she so desperately needed.
She rode him gently at first, enjoying the feel of him inside her while leaning down and kissing him. Ben's fingers tweaked her nipples, sending electric shockwaves to her clit. She increased her speed, riding fast and hard, while Ben's cock throbbed inside her. She was close to relief when he bucked upward. He cried out while he came inside her. She rode on, until seconds later, the wave of ecstasy sent her careening over the edge. Her muscles convulsed around his cock, and she came in an explosion of lightening that pulsed through her body, from head to toe, with incredible intensity. She rode out the wave until the tingling started to subside. She collapsed on top of him, burying her face in his neck. She gently rolled off of him. They were equally blown away and gasping for air as they tried to steady their heart rates.
"So, that happened," Ben chuckled.
Cassie giggled and snuggled into his chest. "Probably we shouldn't have done that, but damn it was good." 
Ben moaned and buried his face in her hair, taking her in. "There's no probably about it, but I think we both needed it," Ben said as he gently caressed her face. Cassie closed her eyes and frowned, enjoying the feel of his hands on her skin. Reality slowly crept in, threatening to spoil her high. 
What the hell did she just do? Her husband fucks her sister, and she jumps on the first man to come along? Fucking slutty vagina, fucking hormones! She blamed Greg for this. If he hadn't shagged Sara, Cassie wouldn't be in this position. However, this position certainly felt good, so who was Cassie to complain? Fuck Greg. She'd like to fuck Ben, again. As if reading her thoughts, Ben's hand wandered into her nether region and gently stroked her swollen clit, sending jolts of lust to her toes. 
"I'm not done with you yet," he whispered as he slid two fingers into her whore vagina. Cassie moaned with delight. 
"Thank God!" Cassie giggled. She willingly followed him and the whore between her legs down a long road of sexual delight that lasted until the early morning.
While they were getting dressed, sometime around five in the morning, Ben yanked her into his arms and looked into her eyes. The intensity of his gaze warmed her soul.
"I don't regret this," he assured her. "It was exactly what I wanted. I know it's probably not the best time for you, but anytime you feel the need?you know I'm in." 
Cassie wondered if he just asked her to be his fuck-buddy. 
As if sensing the question, Ben replied, "And not in a man-whore kind of way, either. I don't sleep around." He winked at her and turned to leave. 
"Yup," she whispered as she admired his ass while he walked away. "Definitely a fuck-buddy. Well, that didn't just complicate my life further. Jeez." Cassie sighed and then dragged herself and the throbbing whore between her legs off to bed. 
"Eryn's going to kill me," she muttered aloud before drifting off to sleep. How do you tell your best friend you shagged her brother? Repeatedly...
Chapter Four
Bright, flashing lights and pulsing music brought the peculiar, dimly lit room to life. She eyed the stage, where a woman in sexy, black, lace lingerie and a matching feathered Mardi Gras mask danced to the music while sliding her crotch up and down the pole. Her entire body rocked and flipped around the pole as if worshipping a god. 
Cassie watched in awe. She glanced around the room at the men attacking the stage, yearning for the chance to touch the dancing seductress. When their turn arrived, they eagerly slipped whatever money they had into the dancers lacy G-string. Cassie drifted towards the crowd, fighting her way through until she reached the stage. She leaned forward-greedily reaching out, hoping to touch the beautiful dancer. 
At last, the Mardi Gras queen turned towards Cassie and smiled with scandalous intent as she got down on all fours and crawled across the stage in Cassie's direction. Halfway there, the dancer licked her lips and flipped onto her back, arching and grinding the air as she slithered backwards towards Cassie. When the dancer reached her destination, she flipped onto her stomach and arched upwards using her arms as support, and with fluid motion, she popped up and on her butt, balancing her body as she spread her legs wide in the air. Cassie admired the black, feathered heels pointed towards the ceiling, but intrigue drew her gaze back to the beautiful masked woman's face. Their eyes locked for a moment. The dancer, who was smiling with devilish intent, reached out and tenderly placed one hand on each side of Cassie's face and forcefully pulled it into her wet crotch?

Cassie's eyes flew open. She wasn't sure if it was the shock of the dream or the sound of Eryn banging on the door that woke her up.
"Get your ass out of bed! I refuse to let you wallow in bed a second longer," Eryn shouted as she crossed the room and yanked the blankets from Cassie's body. "Get up, shower, and meet me for breakfast. We have work to do," she beamed happily as if Cassie's entire world wasn't in complete disarray. 
Cassie groaned, rolled out of bed, and toddled off to the bathroom. She stood in the shower, for a long time, while she contemplated her life. It took a bit to wash away the dirtiness of the dream. She wasn't a Lesbian. She wasn't even bi-sexual, not by a long shot, but she was on edge because the last disturbing dream she had sort of came true. This dream was every bit as vivid as the last. Maybe it was some kind of residual effect from her raunchy sex fest with Ben. 
Cassie had enough to deal with. She decided the best thing to do was to brush off the dream until she could speak to Eryn about it. Eryn would know what to do. Cassie was by no means psychic, but the dream she had the other night definitely defined the love scene she walked in on, minus the lovers that is, but the rest was bang on. Cassie recalled her face being pulled into the raunchy dancer's crotch, and she gagged.
"Definitely not into women," she assured herself. Still?was her subconscious trying to tell her something? But what?
Cassie pushed the nasty dream aside and thought about Ben. What they did last night was wrong. It was so good but wrong. She loved her husband. Even though she was broken because of his affair with Sara, she hoped somehow they could work through it. At the very least, she hoped to move on amicably from their marriage. She was starting to feel more level headed. The wounds were all very fresh, but there was a reason Greg stepped out of their marriage, and Cassie knew she was partially responsible for it. 
The fact that Greg chose Sara as his mistress made the sting that much more violent, but she loved her sister. Cassie loved her deeply, and she always would, no matter what. Cassie determined she would fix that relationship, too. She wasn't sure why her sister had betrayed her or how much forgiveness she could muster at this point. She was sure that trusting Sara again would be difficult, but she would do it. 
Then there was the minivan, two cars, and garage door that Cassie destroyed while under the influence of blind fury. The only hope she had was to face the music on that one. She intended to stick with the dog story though. It seemed like a good fit. 
By the time Cassie had finished her shower, she had a plan. She would get her ass moving on with life. She wasn't sure if she was ready to face Greg, but she could definitely face Sara and the rental car agency. She knew she had to. 
When Cassie reached the kitchen, she was greeted with scrambled eggs, toast and coffee. She was so hungry and once again grateful for her bestie. 
"You look like ass," Eryn stated. Cassie rolled her eyes.
"Gee, thanks. I had a terrible dream. Gross, actually." Cassie cringed as she tried to shake it off.
"Sit down, and tell me about it," Eryn urged. She patted the chair beside her as an invite to Cassie. 
"First, I need to tell you about the dream I had the other night," Cassie started. "Thursday night I had a vivid dream that I was about to discover something awful as I approached our bedroom. It felt so real, like it was actually happening, and I was consumed with an overpowering feeling of dread. I found the room empty, but the bed was ruffled, and there was blood dripping from the wall onto Greg's pillow. I ran and then I fell. You know the kind of dream where you really feel like you're falling and then jolt awake?"
"Yeah. I hate that. It freaks me right out." Eryn shuddered.
"The thing is, that feeling of dread was the same feeling I had as I approached our room and found Greg and Sara together. I threw a partial bottle of merlot at Greg's head, and it hit the wall. Wine splashed out and dripped down the wall, exactly like the blood did in the dream. Only, I guess it wasn't blood." Cassie nodded in agreement to the look of shock on Eryn's face. "After I destroyed the van and their cars, I ran away and then collapsed and smacked my face on something, just like I did in the dream."
"Holy shit!" Eryn squeaked. "It's like watching the plot in a horror movie unfold. My arm hairs are standing up." Eryn rubbed her arms and looked at Cassie with question. "Do you think you're psychic?"
"Um. No. But I definitely find it strange. Maybe it was just a coincidence?" Cassie said dismissively.
"You wouldn't be telling me if you had dismissed it as coincidence," Eryn stated and eyed Cassie with suspicion. "What else? You're not telling me something." Eryn could read Cassie like a book.
"I just had a nasty dream that felt every bit as real as the other night. I dreamt that I was in a strip club. I was drawn to the dancer on the stage, and she danced seductively for me. I was in awe or curious-I'm not entirely sure of the feeling, but then she grabbed my face and pulled it into her crotch." Cassie looked away in shame. Just saying the words felt dirty.
"Ewwww," Eryn said. She dropped her fork full of eggs and gagged. "I've lost my appetite."
"I know," Cassie agreed. She was as grossed out as her friend. "I guess I'm just freaked out. I'm sure the last dream that came true was a one-time thing. You know, maybe my subconscious was trying to warn me of my bastard husbands betrayal. I'm pretty sure that I'm not a lesbian, though. Maybe I'm just horny or sexually frustrated? I don't know." 
Eryn looked pensive for a moment. She shrugged her shoulders lightly and said, "I guess you just have to wait and see. Eat up. You and I are gonna do the chores and load the yearlings for Ben. He got in late last night, so I thought we'd get them loaded while he sleeps a bit longer. Then I thought, that is if you want, we could run in and get you some clothes from the house. You only have a few things here, and I'm pretty sure you don't want to wear smelly farm clothes to the office. Plus," she added bitterly, "I'm totally ready to tear that fucking pig a new asshole." The wicked smile on Eryn's face was scary. Cassie almost choked on her food. 
"Can I hitch a ride to pick up my car at the rental agency first? I need to see Sara, and they are only open until noon on Sundays. I don't think I can face Greg, but I guess we'll see." 
"I wouldn't dream of dragging you over there until you're ready. I, on the other hand, am totally ready. He is not getting off easy. Fucker." Eryn got up and held out her hand for Cassie to take. "Let's go. There is a pile of shit to do. Literally."
By ten o'clock they had jogged the horses on the training track, bathed and groomed them, and mucked out their stalls. Although the mares and studs no longer raced, it was important to exercise them daily. Especially, since they spent time in a barn. It wasn't such a big deal if the horses were grazing, but they were indoors until harvest was finished. Cassie welcomed the work because she was too busy to think about the events of the past two days. 
They began to wrestle the four yearlings that were heading out for sale into the trailer. Yearlings were always a bit spazzy, but they were fun to play with. Cassie was enjoying herself until one of the yearlings, a particularly feisty little bugger, bit her on the shoulder. 
"Jesus, Fuck!" Cassie squealed, and before she knew it, Ben appeared next to her. She didn't even realize he was nearby. He pulled her t-shirt neckline over her shoulder to access the damage. Cassie blushed as thoughts of what his hands did to her the night before washed over her. She looked down at her shoulder surprised that it wasn't bleeding because it hurt like hell. Ben's touch created familiar shockwaves that awakened the whore between her legs, and the pain in her shoulder was forgotten. 
Eryn strolled over and smiled apologetically. "I should have warned you about Piper. He can be a bit of a dick. "
"You better go put some ice on that. I got this," Ben said. He swallowed hard and looked away. He took the lead from Cassie and gently hauled Pipers feisty little ass onto the truck. 
"Be back in five," Cassie said. She trudged into the house feeling like a big baby, grabbed an ice pack from the freezer, and placed it on her aching shoulder. At least he didn't break the skin, she thought, plunking herself down at the kitchen table. 
Cassie noticed her purse on the table and decided to check her cell. Just as she thought, there were several messages from her sister, Greg, Randy and her mom. She tossed the phone on the table like it was on fire and stared at it. She wasn't sure if she was ready to go there, but she knew she had to come out of hiding if she intended to move on with her life. The thought of moving on with unanswered questions was unfathomable. Plus, it was Sunday, which meant she'd been off the job for thirty-six hours-not so great for business. She hoped Randy wouldn't be angry.
She quickly reviewed the texts from Randy and discovered he already knew what happened, thanks to Eryn. He said he would take over as long as she needed. 
"Such a great boss," Cassie whispered thankfully. She texted Randy to let him know she intended to be at work tomorrow. Randy was a fantastic boss and mentor. He willingly took her on and taught her everything he could about private investigating. Randy was a teddy bear, with a heart of gold, but he had the temper of a rabid grizzly. She needed to get back to work as soon as possible. She couldn't allow her disastrous personal life to destroy her career. It was really all she had left. 
Cassie texted her mom to let her know she wouldn't make brunch. She dropped the phone into her purse and looked away, wishing she could hide from her troubles a bit longer. Her mom would no doubt text back ten times wanting an explanation, but Cassie figured she would deal with that later. Cassie raced back out to the yard to say goodbye to Ben. She didn't want there to be awkwardness between them. She crossed paths with Eryn on the way.
"I'm just running to make Ben a sandwich and coffee for the road. I'll be right back," Eryn shouted while running into the house.
Cassie walked over to Ben who was just locking up the trailer. She intended to face him like a woman, but he turned as she strolled up and cut her off like he knew what was coming. 
"Look, I know you think last night probably shouldn't have happened, but I am not sorry," he said. "I've wanted to do that since the first time I saw you. It just never worked out. One of us was always with someone else."
"When we first met I was fourteen, and you were nineteen...gross," Cassie said with a dirty grin, trying to lighten the mood.
"I'm being serious. Perverted or not, I wanted you. I know you have enough going on, and you love Greg." He paused. "Even though he's an asshole and doesn't deserve you?you love him. Do what you have to do to be happy. I'm not saying I'll be waiting, but if you want to continue where we left off this morning...I could be convinced."
Fuck! Cassie thought, so much for making my life easier. She had no idea that Ben had actual feelings for her. Even though she always thought Ben was a sweetheart with a sexy ass, she never actually considered shagging him. However, she was considering it now. 
"Why do you have to be so cool about everything?" Cassie asked. "I'm a mess, and I feel guilty for shagging you. It was amazing, but I cheated on my husb-" 
"He started it!" Ben growled as he cut her off. He inhaled sharply and quickly composed himself. "You just evened out the playing field is all. Look, worry about the other stuff is all I'm saying. Don't add more to your plate by worrying about what we did. Besides, I won't be around for a while to hassle you." He moved in and gave Cassie a hug. It was the kind of hug that makes a girl snuggle right in and forget her worries, even if just for a moment. 
Eryn appeared with coffee and snacks for Ben, and they said their goodbyes. Cassie knew Ben would be cool with whatever she decided, but she couldn't help but fear their friendship was on the line. 
A hard slap on the ass from Eryn jolted Cassie to attention. "Let's get cleaned up and head into town."

They weren't even out of the driveway, when Eryn said, "Okay, so I know you probably don't want to talk about it, but what exactly happened the other night? I know you found Greg and Sara shagging, and somehow you destroyed the van, but you didn't go into detail. Maybe you could fill me in on the details now? If I'm going to see Greg today, I'm going to need ammo."
Cassie nodded and relayed the details of the night from hell. Eryn cursed from the driver's seat, but Cassie continued. It actually felt good to get it all out. Eryn listened intently and said very little, which was exactly what Cassie needed. She was close to breaking down a few times as she recalled the details, but she was able to keep it together. She had to.
When they pulled into the rental car lot and parked, Eryn turned to Cassie. "Don't be mad," she said. "I texted Greg to make sure he was home when I got there, so we could talk. I thought, once we're done here, we could head over there. You know, in case you want to kill two birds. So to speak?not literally," Eryn smirked devilishly.
Cassie sighed. "I'm not mad." She really wasn't. Cassie knew Eryn was only trying to help. Eryn was probably one of the few people in the world who truly had Cassie's best interest at heart. "I think I will come along. I might as well get it over with. Can you wait here while I talk with Sara? I need to face this one alone, and I need to do it before I talk to Greg. I need to hear her side of things."
"Absolutely! I'll be here," Eryn said. Cassie knew she would be. Eryn was always there.
Cassie left the truck, dreading the conversation that was about to take place, but she needed to face it. There was nothing worse than not knowing, and Cassie was desperate to understand how her baby sister could betray her by sleeping with Greg. 
Chapter Five
The instant Cassie entered the car rental agency, Sara ran towards her sobbing hysterically. She grabbed Cassie by the arms and held on tight to prevent her from leaving.
"I'm so sorry, Cass," Sara blubbered. "I love you! But I love Greg too!" she wailed while clinging to Cassie for dear life. 
"What?" Cassie choked. She yanked her arms from Sara's grip and glared at her. "What?" Cassie repeated. She paused as the reality behind her sister's confession hit her like a mountain of bricks. She backed away from Sara, reeling with anger. "You love him? It wasn't just one time was it?" she asked, searching Sara's face. Sara looked down, ashamed. "Was it!?" Cassie shouted, making Sara jump.
"No. Wait," Sara whispered. "Please, Cassie," she begged. "There's no one else here today. We close in five minutes. Come into the back and sit down. I will tell you everything, and if you hate me afterwards, I will understand. Please, let me try to explain." 
Cassie stood dumbfounded, glaring daggers at her sister. She was defeated and worn, but she had no choice but to hear Sara out. Cassie intended to find out what happened to her marriage. She slowly followed her sister. There was no turning back. She had to know everything. She sat at a desk, and Sara pulled up a chair and sat directly in front of her. Typical Sara, always so dramatic, Cassie thought. 
Sara took hold of Cassie's hands and looked into her eyes. Cassie winced from the intensity of Sara's gaze. Whatever Sara was about to say was not going to be good.
Sara took a deep breath and started, "Friday night was the only time Greg and I slept together. It wasn't just a one night stand though. A couple of months ago, we ran into each other at the grocery store, and he asked if I wanted to come over to the house for lunch. It was a Tuesday and you were working, but Greg and I had the day off. We had lunch and sat on the deck talking for hours. It started out innocently, but we connected and something changed for us from that point on. We met several other times, and each time we grew closer and closer. We talked about everything, and we laughed a lot. We just connected, and it became impossible to stop seeing each other. I swear that I never initiated it, but I couldn't stop seeing him either." Sara took a deep breath and carried on. 
"Greg kept texting, and I kept meeting him, telling myself it was innocent, and he was just lonely. I tried to fight it-remember about a month ago, when you and I were having dinner with mom, and I told you that you needed to focus more on your marriage, and you were all mad at me?" Cassie nodded slowly as she recalled the argument. Cassie thought it was petty at the time and didn't understand why Sara was being a bitch.
Sara looked down in shame. "I tried, but I honestly fell head over heels in love with him." She took a deep breath as if working up the courage for what was coming next. "Greg confessed to me on Friday night that he felt the same. We talked about it and decided we were going to tell you first thing Saturday, but then it just happened. Too much wine? I don't know, but it happened, and I hate that we did it before talking to you. I hate that we did it in your bed and you found us that way. I hate that we hurt you in the first place. I hate that the man that I want to spend the rest of my life with is your husband."
Sara gripped Cassie's hands tight, sat up straight and looked into Cassie's shocked eyes. "I love him," she insisted. "You know I have never had a serious thought about any man...ever. I love him, desperately, but there is no way in hell I will lose you because of it. I will let him go if you ask me to. I don't want to, but I will." 
Cassie choked out a muffled laugh. "So now you want my blessing? You destroy my marriage, and I am supposed to give you my blessing?" Cassie looked away while Sara continued to break down. She suspected that Sara had every intention of sticking it out with Greg, no matter what she thought. 
What if Sara and Greg really were in love? That would mean Greg wasn't in love with her anymore. How could he move through their marriage as if nothing was wrong while he was supposedly in love with Sara? Cassie felt like a fool, and she would have stewed in it, but an unexpected emotion took over...relief. She actually felt relieved. She was royally pissed, but all of a sudden, it didn't matter. The love she had for Greg was dead in his eyes, so she had to let him go. Probably the fact that they lived separate lives helped that one along. What was wrong with her? Her emotions were all over the place. She was pissed, relieved and hurt all at once. She needed to sort herself out, and she needed to talk to Greg. 
"Sara," Cassie said slowly. "I don't know what else to say. I need to talk to Greg. I know that you think you love him, I can see that, but there is no way in hell I am giving you permission to be with my husband! You betrayed me! Not only have you destroyed my marriage, but you have made it impossible for me to trust you. Someday I may forgive you, but I will most definitely never fucking forget how you ripped my heart out! And I will never, NEVER trust you again!" Sara sobbed louder and more dramatically than before, but Cassie didn't care. She wanted Sara to feel the hurt. She wanted Sara to burn with it.
 "You and Greg will have to decide what this thing between you is worth, and I will just have to accept the outcome. One way or another." Cassie was done. She needed to get out of there. "Before I leave, I am sure there is paperwork regarding my?accident." Cassie stated bitterly. She was furious and wished she had run them over instead of their cars.
Sara shook her head and said, "I took care of it. I filed an accident report stating that you swerved to keep from hitting a dog. I owe you that at least. We had it coming." 
"You deserved at least that?" Cassie agreed.
"Cassie, I love you. I hope we can get through this," Sara said as if it wasn't such a bad thing. 
Cassie looked away, got up, and left. There was nothing else to say. One way or another they probably would get through this, but Cassie wasn't sure how or when. When she walked out the door she felt released. She was pissed off and definitely very hurt, but knowing that her husband no longer loved her made it easier to walk away. 
When she got to the truck, she smiled lightly at Eryn and told her everything. Somehow reiterating the conversation helped ease the pain.
"...and the thing is, I don't know why, but I feel a lot better," Cassie stated. She was trying to be positive. "Like discovering that your husband doesn't love you is somehow okay. I do know that I don't want to be with a man who is in love with someone else. I feel like, even though I'm in a shitty place at the moment, everything will work out the way it's supposed to." 
"Maybe shagging my brother until all hours of the night is the secret behind this positive outlook," Eryn casually added while grinning ear to ear. Cassie's jaw hit the floor.
"Oh my GOD! You know? How? Wait." Cassie stopped for a second. "Are you mad?"
Clearly happy, Eryn replied, "Why would I be mad? You both are the most important people in my life, and you're grown adults. Plus, if you actually get together, we'll be true sisters." 
"And if we don't?" Cassie asked hesitantly. Cassie didn't want what happened between herself and Ben to ruin her friendship with Eryn.
"Then you don't," Eryn stated with a shrug. "I know that neither of you would deliberately hurt the other. But please, no details. It would seriously gross me out." 
"No problem," Cassie promised. Eryn didn't need to hear that her brother was the best lover Cassie had ever had, but she wished she could tell her anyway. Thoughts of the sexual revelation vanished as she realized what was ahead. 
"I'll take my car and meet you at my house? I want to talk to Greg, so I can start to put this behind me. I need closure," Cassie said as she opened the door to the truck to get out.
"Yup. I'll meet you there," Eryn said. There was a twinkle of pure evil in her eye. Eryn was well known for her don't put up with any crap attitude and the temper that went along with it. Cassie almost felt sorry for Greg?almost.
Cassie took her time on the drive to her house because she intended to give Eryn a decent head start. It was the least she could do. Cassie couldn't help but ponder why her marriage had fallen apart. Truthfully, she thought that things were good. Not fantastic, but not bad enough that he had to shag her sister. Clearly, something was missing from their marriage if he full-on pursued Sara. Not to mention the fact that they were apparently in love. Cassie might have been able to forgive him for shagging her sister, but there was no way she could forgive him for falling in love with Sara. The line had been drawn. Cassie was angry and broken-the worst part was learning that the man she loved wasn't the devoted, husband that she so foolishly thought he was. 
Cassie couldn't even comprehend the kind of asshole who carried on as if his marriage was fine while chasing his wife's sister. That kind of man was not the man she had loved. It wasn't just Greg's lies and indiscretion that burned her heart. Cassie had also strayed from their marriage. In the heat of the moment with Ben, she tossed her marriage aside for a good shagging. How could she really be that upset with Greg, when she shagged Ben twenty-four hours after catching Greg with Sara? Cassie would never have shagged Ben if she hadn't been driven to it by a desperate attempt to feel something good when she was feeling so bad. It was, by far, one of the most gratifying sexual experiences of her life, but now it felt wrong, and she had guilt, so there was no way the score was even. Not by a long shot. Ben was wrong. This was definitely not a level playing field. If she and Greg had a chance at saving their marriage because she evened things out by shagging Ben, that chance was gone. Greg was in love with her sister and that irreparably tipped the scale. 
Cassie pulled up to her house and parked on the street behind Eryn's truck. Eryn was already inside. Cassie couldn't help but smile at the tongue lashing Greg was undoubtedly receiving. It was a small victory, but it was short-lived because she still had to face the situation ahead.
"Great," she muttered, trying to work up the courage to go inside. She took a deep breath, got out of the car, and crept slowly up the driveway, observing the crushed rear end of Greg's car and the damaged garage door. She smiled with a hint of satisfaction, even though it was a childish move. When she reached the back deck, she paused to eavesdrop on Eryn and Greg. 
"I warned you long ago that if you hurt her you would have to deal with me, and I was dead serious," Eryn raged. "You took vows, you asshole! How could you throw away your marriage? You never even gave Cassie a second thought. How could you break her heart? If you wanted something else, you should have broken up with Cassie and moved on, but no, you chose to fuck her sister? You actually chased after her and then continued to play the role of devoted husband! You're a disgusting, heartless pig, and I so hope you get what you deserve!" There was a loud slap followed by silence.
"I'm sorry. I know that we went about it all wrong." It sounded like Greg was crying. 
"You shouldn't have gone about anything! You're married, dumbass!" Eryn was not buying any of his shit.
"It just happened."
"Cheating on your wife doesn't just happen!" Eryn retorted. "Did your dick just happen to land inside of Sara's vagina?"
"If I could change how I feel, I would," he pleaded. 
"Too little, too late! I hope karma bites you on the ass because you deserve it! You're dead to me." Eryn threw open the sliding door to the deck and stormed out. She stopped for a second when she came upon Cassie. "I got him warmed up for you."
"Eryn?could you wait for me?" Cassie asked meekly. She might need a shoulder to lean on after what was about to go down.
"I wouldn't dream of leaving you alone with that prick. I'll be in the truck," Eryn said, and she sauntered off as though nothing had happened. 
Cassie paused for a moment out of pure dread-the same feeling of dread she felt in her dream and then in reality when she caught the lovers in action. She took a deep breath before she entered her home to face her husband, and the end of their marriage. It was over, but she wasn't looking forward to hearing the words come from her husband's lips.
She walked through the open patio door and found Greg leaning up against the counter, staring at the floor. He looked up when he saw her. Tears streamed down his cheeks, and his right cheek was noticeably red. Cassie tried not to grin. He deserved that. He deserved so much more.
"Cassie, I'm sorry," Greg whispered as he wiped away his tears.
Cassie raised her hand for him to stop. She had no desire to listen to a list of bullshit excuses. There really wasn't anything he could say that would change what he did.
 "You only have to answer a couple of questions and then I'm gone. Sara told me most of what I needed to know." She paused and looked into his eyes. "Is it true that you're in love with my sister?" She desperately hoped for a second that the answer would be different than what was obvious to both of them. He nodded, and the drop of hope that Cassie had been clinging to disappeared.
"Well, then I guess that's that. I would have been willing to try and work things out, but I refuse to be with someone who doesn't love me."
"I do love you Cass," he insisted. "It just happened. I didn't plan it."
"You can't have us both. From what Sara said, it sounds as though you openly pursued her. So, obviously it didn't just happen. Clearly, it was planned! Stop lying to me!" Cassie snapped.
"It wasn't like that. I genuinely just wanted company in the beginning, but I started to fall for her, and I couldn't stay away. I was so lonely. I'd go to work and come home to an empty house. One of us was always working. We didn't buy this house for one person." He looked around sadly. They had bought the house for the future family they were apparently never going to have. "Anyway, we connected, and I realized I wanted to be with her. I love you, but I can't live without her." He looked away. "We were going to tell you." As if the sentiment made it all better.
"Of course you were," Cassie said dryly. "I find it funny that the same day you declare your love for my sister and fuck her in our bed, you send me a text, TWICE, telling me you love me. Obviously, you're a philandering pig, and it won't be long before you mess around on her, too."
"I swear, I wasn't looking for anything," he said. Cassie didn't buy it.
"Although my opinion of you has turned to shit, I know my sister has a heart, and she thinks she loves you. I know that at least Sara would have come clean. I'm also more than shocked that you would just throw our marriage away by lying and cheating. I never would have done that to you, and I certainly didn't see this coming."
"Oh, come on! What marriage?" Greg shot out. "We never saw each other. I'm sorry Cassie, but this marriage has been over for a while." The truth was more blatant than Cassie cared to admit, but the flippant way he pointed it out pissed her off.
"I never got the memo! You should have told me how you felt! We took vows, and I was committed to work through anything. You never gave us a chance! I thought everything was fine. Meanwhile, you were chasing after my baby sister. You could have had anyone else. Who knows, maybe you did." She bit her lip fighting back tears. She didn't know this man anymore. How long had he been lying to her?
"It wasn't like that." His fickle pleas meant nothing to her broken heart.
"Why her?" Cassie demanded. "Why not tell me how you felt in the first place? I would have made an effort. I would have because I love you. I would have tried! You took that choice away. You threw it away! I had no idea you were unhappy. None! You should have let me go if you didn't want me. I could have moved on. You could have moved on with anyone else? anyone but my sister!" 
"I know!" he cried. "But I want to be with her. It's like we were meant to be. I can't resist her, and I am not giving her up!" AKA, I'm giving you up. She flinched as he continued. "I need more and she and I?we fit, and you and I just don't anymore." The knowledge that he wasn't getting what he needed made Cassie's stomach clench. Somehow she missed the signals. She nodded her understanding as the tears began to flow. 
"I'm not gonna fight with you about this," she said. "We both know who is in the wrong, and it's done. There is no going back. You lied, and you cheated, and you didn't give me a second thought. You be with Sara if that's what will make you happy. I am going to find a lawyer and put an end to this pathetic joke of a marriage." 
She pulled her car keys from her purse and tossed them on the counter. She did the same with her wedding band. 
"I don't want a thing from this marriage. You can have my car, since I destroyed yours. You can have this house?I can't stand being inside these walls anyway," she said as she scanned the kitchen in the house they bought together. This wasn't her home anymore. "Move my sister in and live happily ever after, if you like. But, if you think for one second you're getting my horses, you can just forget it. They are mine. I'm going to get some boxes and come back for my things tomorrow morning when you're at work. Leave a spare key under the mat."
"I don't want you to hate me," he whispered as if it really mattered. It didn't, and Cassie was painfully aware of that fact.
She laughed sardonically. "It's a little late to worry about that. Look, if you and Sara are going to be together, I will have to accept it. I would prefer if you were out of my life completely, but I guess that is out of the question. I now know what kind of a person you are, and I hope my sister finds out, too. Maybe she'll see you for the selfish liar you are and kick you to the curb, or maybe she won't. Who knows? Either way, I'm moving on." She turned and stormed out. 
 Cassie climbed into Eryn's truck and sighed. "It's over. Definitely over?I can't believe I wasted three years of my life on that lying, cheating, self-absorbed prick."
"You didn't waste anything. Think of it as a lesson learned. Clearly, it was not meant to be."
"I guess." Cassie shrugged. "Would you mind taking me shopping? I need a new car because I just gave him mine. I'm going to take advantage of the dual income before I see a lawyer."
"Sure, where do you want to go?" 
"Anywhere that sells minivans, because that's what I want. I loved that minivan! It's too bad I destroyed it?" She giggled.
"Don't you think you're a little young and single for a minivan?" Eryn questioned.
"Whatever," Cassie said, rolling her eyes. "I want something comfortable and roomy. Like I said before, no one would suspect a minivan driver of anything. It's the perfect surveillance cover, and I need to get back on the job ASAP."
"Okay," Eryn replied. 
 Cassie found a Dodge Caravan that she liked at the first car lot they went to. It was two years old, gold, fully-loaded, and it had heavily tinted windows and low kilometers. By three o'clock, she had purchased and insured her new van. She drove it off the lot, smiling to herself because she was almost happy to be moving forward. 
She couldn't save her marriage. She wouldn't want to. In her eyes, Greg was a lying cheat which made it so much easier to say goodbye. She wouldn't waste another minute being sad about that dick, Greg. He so wasn't worth it. Okay, she thought, so maybe I'm pissed?no, bitter was the word she was looking for, and it would take time for her heart to mend. Her marriage was over. She had nothing but time.
Cassie took her new ride to the office. She wanted to check her emails and catch up on some paperwork. Now that she had her own case, she had to get the job done. She thought about the case on the drive. First, she didn't think Jack was having an affair with Tricia. At karate class, Tricia didn't even bat an eye in Jack's direction. Everyone looked at Jack. It couldn't be helped, but Tricia didn't seem to notice him. She also seemed very much devoted to her son, Chase, because she was always one hundred percent focused on him. Cassie was pretty sure Tricia didn't even speak to Jack unless handing him his monthly payment. Plus, there was the fact that she wasn't at Jack's place the other night when she was out. Jack had been home alone all night. Cassie was certain that if Tricia was cheating on her husband, she wasn't doing it with Jack.
Cassie would just have to tail Tricia until something popped up. She also wondered if she should just come clean to Jack. He seemed like a pretty down to earth kind of guy?hopefully he wouldn't be pissed because she really wanted to keep taking the classes. She had enrolled in the beginner karate class a couple of weeks ago. She was learning a lot, and although she enrolled to keep an eye on Tricia and Jack, she was actually enjoying it.
Since she had no spouse to consider, she could concentrate on her career and kicking some karate ass. When Cassie pulled into the parking lot of the Tyler Investigations office, she was overwhelmed with excitement. She loved her job. Every day was something new. 
She couldn't believe that Greg had the nerve to give her shit about working so much. She never once gave him a hard time about the twelve hour shifts plus overtime he worked. It all seemed so hypocritical of him. She shook her head and redirected her thoughts to the job ahead. 
If she was going to survive and truly move on with her life, she had to forget all about Greg Montgomery. Screw Greg! He doesn't deserve your love. She got out of the van with a renewed sense of purpose. She was going to be a successful private investigator because she loved the job, and it made her happy. Her personal life was a mess, but that could be remedied. At least she hadn't changed her name when they got married, so she wouldn't have to deal with the hassle of changing it back. 
Now that she was living with Eryn, she could spend as much time as she wanted with her horses, something she really missed doing. And there was Ben?Cassie was delighted with the idea of shagging him again. Who wouldn't be?
Cassie spent the next few hours answering emails and doing background checks. She made notes on the Schmidt case and organized her desk. 
"Randy will be happy that I got something accomplished," she mumbled to herself. It was easy to get work done on a Sunday because the office was closed, so she didn't have any distractions. She locked up the office and headed back to Eryn's at around eight. It had been a crazy, long, and emotional day and she yearned for the comforts of food, wine, and bed.
 Chapter Six
Cassie awoke at five the next morning grateful for a dreamless sleep. She knew Greg worked until noon, so she planned to get her things out of their house and back to the farm before heading to the office.
As requested, Greg left the key under the mat. Cassie entered her house and was startled because it felt like she was intruding in a stranger's home. It was partly true. Tears escaped her eyes, but she batted them away. She looked around the beautiful house that they had shared so many good times in and lost control. The sobbing consumed her as she realized the good memories were buried beneath the vision of her husband shagging her sister. She had lost too much. 
 She spent the next two hours moping from room to room and packing the things she wanted. It wasn't much. Everything they purchased together seemed tainted. Cassie wanted nothing to do with anything that would remind her of what she had lost. She packed sentimental items but nothing that reminded her of their marriage. Most of the time was spent packing her closet. Cassie wasn't even sure she had enough space at Eryn's for all of it, but she refused to leave a single stitch of clothing behind. She wanted Greg to know she was gone and that he was the reason why. 
Purchasing the minivan was definitely a smart move, because by the time she was done, it was packed to the roof with the only clear spot being the driver's seat. She climbed in and stared back at the house that was, up until a few days ago, their dream home-the house they had bought with the intent to fill with children and love. Those dreams were long gone. Now, she wanted to be as far away from it as she could possibly get. It would really suck if Sara moved into her place. Cassie wasn't even sure how she would handle that if it happened, and she knew it probably would. Emotions were high, and her heart ached. The thought of Greg and Sara setting up a family in her home was more than Cassie could endure. Rage boiled to the surface, viciously trumping her broken heart. She was overcome with a sudden impulse to do some bad shit. She refused to walk away until she took care of a few more things. 
Cassie stormed back into the house and straight to their bedroom. She stood in the doorway of their master bathroom and glowered at the two-person jet tub that she and Greg had made love in on several occasions. Cassie loved that tub. Now, her sister would be fucking her husband in it. Anger had the reigns, and she seethed with it. She found a screwdriver in the garage and used it to destroy the jets in the tub. Greg could pay to replace it. It was his house now-his and Sara's.
Perhaps Cassie was being irrational in the heat of the moment, but she was thoroughly pissed and intended to take it out on the cause of her pain. She stared into the closet at the wedding dress she left behind, and an idea formed in her brain. She whipped the dress off the rack, shredded the taffeta, and stuffed the tattered remains of her once beautiful dress into the useless jet tub. Next, she collected the clothes she bought for Greg out of the closet, along with every pair of underwear he owned, and added them to the tub. She gathered wedding pictures and mementos of their time together and added them to the mix. Cassie contemplated starting the pile on fire but didn't want to burn the house down, so she ran down stairs to the kitchen and returned with six bottles of merlot and several bottles of food coloring. She corked and poured the wine over the pile, sneaking a sip or two, here and there. She stared in stony silence as the crimson liquid stained the white taffeta bodice of her wedding gown, like a gunshot wound to her heart. She was reminded of the terror from her nightmare and the disgusting scene she discovered that mimicked it. She shook it off and added the bottles of red food coloring, a full bottle of Greg's cologne, three bottles of her perfume, and enough water to ensure everything soaked. She wanted to guarantee that the things in the tub were truly destroyed. 
Cassie proceeded, possessed by her desire for vengeance. She scrubbed the toilet bowl with Greg's toothbrush, filled the toilets in the house with every roll of toilet paper, and poked holes in the toothpaste tube. She grabbed an unopened bottle of shampoo, emptied the majority of the contents into the sink, and filled the bottle with her hair removal lotion. There was an almost empty bottle of shampoo in the shower that she left untainted. She placed the tainted bottle under the sink for when Greg needed a new bottle. It was vindictive and well thought out, and she wondered if maybe it was too far? Nope. She was pissed, and she wasn't done yet.
 Cassie used a utility knife to initiate a full blown assault on their bed. She stabbed and ripped until the bedding and mattress were irreparably maimed. Maybe she was being childish, but she couldn't stop herself. She was driven by spiteful fury. Ignoring reality was all too easy. He could replace the tub and the bed, just as he had replaced her. His hair would grow back, eventually. Guilt was just one emotion that she wouldn't waste on Greg. He had taken enough.
Cassie made her way to the kitchen next, where she swapped the sugar for salt and vice versa. She replaced the gin and vodka with white vinegar. She wedged a black marker into the dryer, so it would blast the next load of laundry he put in. She smashed the entertainment system remotes with a hammer and left their remains on the coffee table in plain sight. Next, she took two packages of salmon steaks from the freezer, tore them open, and hid them in the back of the coat closet in a pair of rain boots that Greg hardly ever wore. The origin of the impending stench would eventually be discovered, but it would take some hunting to discover its location.
When Cassie was done, she smiled triumphantly. She exited through the patio door leaving it open-just as it was when she arrived home the other night to find the surprise of her life. Perhaps a family of mice would move in and setup shop. She hoped so. 
Cassie hadn't destroyed anything in the house that wasn't replaceable, and she hadn't destroyed any part of the house or property-just things-things that at one point meant something to her. Truthfully, she could have kept going. Bitterness was an excellent motivator, but she needed to get to work. Cassie hoped Greg enjoyed the surprises she left behind. They were nowhere near as damning as the one she had stumbled upon.
Cassie drove out to the farm to unload and then she showered, changed, and headed straight for the office. There would be plenty of time to unpack later. Right now, she needed to get to the office, so she could brief Randy before heading out to tail Tricia Schmidt. 
On the drive, Cassie mulled over the events of the past weekend. When she left the office on Friday, she had no idea her life would be turned upside down that very evening. Yes, her marriage was over, but there was nothing she could do about it, so she was just going to push it to the back of her mind and move forward. Trying not to think about it would be a challenge, but she would persevere because she refused to spend her life being sad and bitter. Life was too short. It helped knowing she got a few digs in this morning. She smiled defiantly. If Greg and Sara were happy together, there was no way in hell Cassie was going to play the role of the beat-down, broken-hearted wife. She had way too much pride for that, but there was no reason why she shouldn't demonstrate her fury in a glorious act of vengeance. In situations like this, vengeance should be expected. 
Cassie arrived at the office just after eleven in the morning. She noticed Randy's black Jeep and a shiny black motor bike in the parking lot. 
"Oh goody," she whispered with excitement. "A new client!"
She entered through the front door and noticed the office was empty, so she headed straight for the coffee. Randy was in his office, probably with the new client. Cassie plopped herself down and decided to review the Schmidt file one more time because the events of the morning fogged her mind. When done with her review, she sat back and savored the last few drops of her coffee. She loved her job and was grateful that at least she had work to look forward to.
As receptionist, Cassie's desk sat out front. After she was licensed, she could have moved to one of the back offices, but she decided to keep her desk out front, so she could greet clients when they arrived. 
Two spare offices, mostly used to store boxes and files, and a small boardroom were accessible via the hallway. Since she didn't have her own office, she often took clients to the boardroom for private consults. The attached garage, which was accessible through the back, was where they housed the surveillance van. It was actually a clean office for a private investigation agency. Not like you see on television, where the offices are dirty and cluttered. Randy was a bit of a neat freak, and so was she. Business was always good. Cassie couldn't recall ever being bored in the two years since she had been there. 
She treasured the floor to ceiling windows that opened the front office to plenty of sunlight with a clear view of the street. The sun beating through the windows was exactly what the doctor ordered. Cassie closed her eyes and bathed in the glorious heat as it caressed her face.
The door to Randy's office opened. Cassie opened her eyes and looked straight into the eyes of Jack Brady. She tried to keep her cool, but she was basically having a heart attack.
Randy caught on and chuckled. "Relax, Cass," Randy said. "Jack and I were just having a conversation about the Schmidt case. While you were revamping your personal life, I decided to stop wasting time and approach him. He came in this morning to chat."
Jack was staring at her with a cocky grin. Cassie wanted to smack him, but she immediately started to soften. It's difficult to be angry with someone so friggin gorgeous. 
He said, in his sexy Greek god voice from the heavens, "So, it was you in the minivan outside my house the other night?" 
Cassie nodded mutely. She was too in awe of his greatness to speak.
"And your friend, Eryn, was covering for you? She isn't really a lesbian, is she?" Jack asked, even though it was obvious that he knew the answer.
Cassie shook her head and swallowed hard. She had spoken to Jack at karate class on several occasions, so it was difficult to understand why, at this moment, words escaped her.
"Well that's a relief, she's really hot," Jack said casually as he turned to shake Randy's hand and headed out the door. "See you at class tomorrow night." 
When he was gone, Cassie glared at Randy and said, "Thanks for the heads up. I was completely caught off guard. I feel like an idiot."
"You should," stated Randy. "Maybe you should wipe the drool off your chin." He chuckled. Cassie loved his laugh. Randy was brilliant, and he always managed to see right through her. 
"He's probably the hottest man that I have ever seen," she said. Randy rolled his eyes. "And he a rides bike? Not fair!" 
"Oh, that's not his bike," Randy said, point blank. "Why would he drive when his karate studio is only a couple of blocks from here?" Randy shook his head in wonder, and Cassie shrugged sheepishly. She was still a little flustered. "The bike belongs to our new hire," Randy added.
"What? Where? I didn't see anyone?" She hesitated and glanced towards the back offices. "When did this happen? Jeez, Randy, are you trying to replace me?" Cassie teased.
"No sugar, but we could use the help. Come on, I'll introduce you."
It was bad enough that Randy was easy on the eyes and sometimes made it hard to concentrate, but now he hired someone who rides a bike? That was Cassie's weak point. A man on a bike was always sexy and completely irresistible. 
Maybe he's ugly, she thought as she followed behind Randy, checking out his butt along the way. Randy had a great body courtesy of the gym across the alley from the office. He was ruggedly handsome with his shaggy, medium brown hair, green eyes and unshaven face, and she wasn't blind, so of course, she admired his perfectly chiseled ass, from time to time, but she would never cross the line with someone she worked with. 
Randy knocked and opened the door to the first office on the left. Cassie was bursting with anticipation, but when she saw what reclined behind the desk, her bubble deflated. The new guy was definitely not the kind of guy one would expect to ride a motorbike. He wasn't ugly, but he wasn't by any means hot. He was?ordinary. His clean-shaven face was framed by his freshly cut, wavy, light brown hair. A lock of hair had escaped its otherwise flawless arrangement and draped lazily across his forehead. As he stood Cassie scanned his profile. He was maybe 5'8" with a medium build, piercing blue eyes, and black-rimmed glasses. He smoothed his hands down his body to straighten his clothes. He was dressed to impress in black slacks, a white collared, long sleeved shirt and purple tie-he looked like an over dressed nerd. She discreetly glanced at his ring hand to discover he wasn't married. Cassie sighed on the inside. Well, at least she wouldn't be distracted by his good looks.
Cassie smiled and stepped forward. "Hi. I'm Cassie. It's a pleasure to meet you." She was nothing if not polite.
"Daniel Harris," he said with a noticeable accent that sounded British or Australian. Then he cleared his throat awkwardly and closed the space between them to shake her hand. "The pleasure is all mine," he said with a smile. 
The instant their hands connected an intense jolt shot up her arm, causing the hair on the back of her neck to stand up and her face to flush. She averted her eyes, swallowed hard, and smiled in a desperate attempt to disguise her shock and embarrassment. The tingle that raged through her body from his touch was like the aftershock of an orgasm. Daniel shook her hand firmly, and their eyes connected. Cassie wanted to die. He looked straight into her eyes?into her soul. His accent was unbelievably sexy. He wasn't much to look at, but his voice and his touch made her swoon. Cassie slowly pulled away from his grip and recovered. 
"Well, Daniel, welcome. If there is anything you need, just let me know." She turned and got the hell out of there as fast as she could. Fuck! What was wrong with her? Was she horny for every man?
Randy caught up with her. "I didn't have to tail Tricia this weekend. Jason was home the whole time, and they spent the weekend together. It's just Friday that's unaccounted for. Since Jack is innocent, we're back to square one."
"Yah, but I'm sure by the weekend we'll have what we need. I promise I won't lose her again this Friday. She's being extra careful, but I'm not letting her out of my sight until I find something. I'll keep in touch. Let me know if anything comes up here." 
"Will do," Randy said. "Are you mad at me for hiring?"
"No," she replied truthfully. "We really could use the help. What are you working on?"
"Today, I'm getting Daniel settled in and introducing him to the search sites, and then I have a meeting with Smith, Ross and Little about becoming their lead agency. I'm pretty sure it's ours, which is why I decided to hire. I'm also hiring an office assistant. Now that you're licensed we need someone to man the fort while we're out on jobs. You and I can't do it all. Daniel was recommended to me from a friend on the force. He used to be a cop. He retired last year after his partner was sexually assaulted." He paused and looked into Cassie's eyes, making her skin tingle. "You okay?" he asked.
Cassie nodded and swallowed. Randy may be her boss, but he was also a friend. "I just need to work. You know, try and forget about what a shit box my personal life has become."
"Well, we should have the office assistant hired by next week. In the meantime Daniel will be hanging around while I'm out. I'll text you his number, so you can contact him if you need help." 
"I will. Thanks Randy," Cassie said with a wave as she left. 
She texted Jason Schmidt when she got out to her van. Tricia didn't work, so if she wasn't home it would be hard to find her. Hopefully, Jason knew where she was. Jason texted back immediately, letting her know that Tricia was at home, so Cassie drove to their house.
Surveillance sounded exciting, but sitting in your vehicle for hours on end waiting for your target to make a move was anything but exciting?it sucked. Cassie sat in her van across the street from the Schmidt's house bored as ass for only a couple of hours, but the time dragged at a snail's pace. She watched Chase come home for lunch and then leave. She watched as Tricia rolled out the garbage bin to the side of the road. She watched as Tricia pulled the weeds from her front flower garden.
Around one in the afternoon Cassie's cell phone buzzed with a message. She didn't have to look at it to know that it was from Greg, but she was curious.
 Nice, was all it read. She tossed her phone on to the seat and growled. She was far too pissed to feel bad about what she did to the house. As far as she was concerned, that was the least of what she could have done.
Cassie wondered if Tricia knew her husband was suspicious. She seemed so happy, like the perfect little housewife, except she might not be. Cassie pondered the reasons Jason had for hiring them to find out if his wife was cheating. Discovering her secret slut-wear was one thing, but the sudden decision that Friday night would be mom's night was definitely suspicious. The possibilities in a case like this were endless, but it could all be nothing. Cassie wondered why Jason didn't just confront his wife with his suspicions. 
Cassie hated infidelity cases, but they were the bread and butter of her business. People didn't know how to trust anymore-she was starting to understand why. It really annoyed her how couples could be so nasty to each other. She grinned as she recalled her morning antics and her hypocritical thoughts. This case hit too close to home, so she understood completely where Jason was coming from. Although, she never suspected her husband would cheat. Boy, was she wrong! Perhaps, Tricia wasn't the devoted house wife she portrayed after all. 
Tricia strolled out of the house at around two in the afternoon dressed to kill in a sexy, scandalously short, royal blue, fitted dress with silver hooker heels. Her long blonde hair was curled and styled to compliment her slutty attire perfectly. Cassie was shocked by Tricia's complete transformation from the jeans and t-shirt she normally wore. 
What the hell? "Oh, she's gotta be having an affair. No one dresses like that unless they have a purpose," Cassie stated aloud.
Cassie fired up the van and ducked until Tricia's car pulled out a distance in front of her. Cassie prayed Tricia would lead her to answers. She had to be up to something dressed like that.
Cassie followed Tricia to the drug store, the dry cleaners, and a wholesale pet store in the industrial part of the city. 
"What a stupid place for a pet store," Cassie said aloud. "Who dresses like that to run errands?" There had to be a reason Tricia was dressed like she was going to a nightclub. She obviously was trying to impress someone. But who? Cassie waited impatiently for over an hour. Finally, Tricia emerged from the pet store smiling and empty handed. 
"Hmmmm, do they even have pets?" Cassie wondered as she followed Tricia back to her house. 
"More waiting." Cassie sighed as she tipped her chair back and got comfortable.
She picked up her cell and texted Jason. 
Do you have pets?
No y?
Just wondering?ttyl
Cassie pondered what she missed. Maybe Tricia was hooking up with someone who worked there? An hour was a long time to spend in a pet store for nothing. It wasn't even a big store.
A few minutes later, Tricia appeared from the house freshly showered, wearing jeans and a t-shirt. She proceeded to pull more weeds from her flowerbed. As though Tricia lived a secret life, she had completely erased the other persona. Something happened in that pet store. But what? Tricia went to an awful lot of effort to look sexy only to wash it all away an hour later.
Cassie called the office. Daniel picked up, "Tyler Investigations, how may I help you?" His accent was killer sexy.
"Hey, Daniel, this is Cassie. Is Randy in?" 
"He's at that meeting," Daniel reminded her.
"Oh right. I forgot." She paused. "Would you like a mission?" Cassie asked with sugar in her voice.
"Absolutely. What do you need?"
"I think something is going on with Tricia Schmidt and someone at the Dog's Tail pet store. It's on Taylor Street East. Can you go check it out? I need to know who owns it and who works there ASAP."
"I'm on it. What's the reasoning?" His accent made her swoon.
"She dressed like a whore and was inside the store for over an hour, but she came out smiling and empty handed. They don't have pets. Then she went home and changed back into her jeans and t-shirt." 
"Maybe she was just looking?" Daniel suggested.
"Daniel," Cassie explained. "I'm a woman, and as a woman, I assure you that no woman puts that amount of work into looking her sexiest unless she is trying to impress someone."
"Okay," he chuckled. "I'll check it out and be in touch. Cheers." 
Cassie rolled her eyes. She couldn't get over his sexy accent. It transformed an otherwise ordinary guy into a total sex magnet. She smirked as her dirty mind pondered how he was in bed. A moment later, she snapped out of the fantasy and shook her head. 
"What the hell is wrong with you?" she asked her reflection in the window. "God! You can't shag every man you come in contact with." Technically, she could since she was now single. 
Cassie wasn't like this before she got married. She was a good girl and only dated a few guys. She certainly wasn't this horny while married either. Now, all of a sudden, every man looked good. In her defense they actually did though. Ben was the sexiest track man she had ever seen, and he was unbelievable in bed. Plus, he was a genuine sweetheart. 
Then there was Jack. Probably the reason he was such a successful karate instructor was because moms tripped over themselves to register their kids for classes just to be around him. He was easily the sexiest man she had ever seen. 
She shouldn't even be thinking about Randy. He was twelve years older than her and more like a mentor and friend, but she definitely noticed him as well. He was just over six feet tall, sexy as hell, and no nonsense. Plus, he had a heart of gold. Who could resist that? If she happened to sneak a peek at his perfectly sculpted ass on occasion, then so be it. She wasn't blind, but she was determined to keep things professional.
Then there was Daniel. He was very definitely the nerdiest man she had ever been attracted to. He really wasn't spectacular to look at, but that voice?that voice could peel her clothes right from her body. And what about the spark she felt when their hands met? What was that? Probably she was just horny-for any man within arm's reach is what it seemed. Maybe she was compensating, trying to forget how her husband tore her heart out? Maybe she was hormonal? Who knew? At any rate, she intended to focus on the job and try not to let the horny bitch between her legs distract her.
Cassie sighed. "This is so frackin boring." She wished Eryn was with her. It helped to have company.
Boredom consumed her. She had no choice but to watch Tricia water her flowers and groom the front yard. She had to be having an affair. There was no other explanation for the slutty, errand-running attire. Cassie found it all intriguing and wondered what she was hiding. She had to be hiding something. Cassie sat in her van across the street until well into the evening, waiting for Jason to text. He finally did a few hours after he got home. 
All good go home 8am dentist appointment?it read.
"Thank God!" Cassie gasped as she started the van and raced to the nearest gas station to pee. Guys had it easy, they could just lean out the car door and release. She was afraid to leave her post to go in the alley because she couldn't risk Tricia escaping her eyes, like she did last Friday night. Cassie was frustrated and starving. The day wasn't a total waste, but she still had no idea what was going on. She needed to bust this case open soon, because she wasn't sure how much more she could take. Tricia led the most uninteresting life! 
Her cell phone rang on the way home. She nabbed it and pulled over to answer. "Cassie Woods."
"Hey, it's Daniel. Got some news for you," he said. "The only thing of interest inside that pet store was the drop dead gorgeous clerk." Daniel chuckled. "She was an eyeful, let me tell you!" 
"So, no man?" Cassie was confused.
"Nope, just a hot, twenty-something chick. Her name is Jenna McLean, and she owns the store. Should be a model. I took a picture. I'll send it after we hang up. I should know her life history by tomorrow."
"Okay. Thanks for checking it out. Have a good night." She tossed her phone onto the passenger seat and moaned painfully.
Well so much for that hunch. "Crap," she spat. That was all she had. 
Cassie's phone buzzed with Daniel's incoming picture message. She picked it up to see what Jenna looked like. She's gorgeous, definitely model material. 
What was she doing working in a pet store? She had long, silky, black hair and big, beautifully made-up, blue eyes. She was wearing a revealing, black shirt, or it was the top of a dress. In either case, her perky, oversized breasts were perfectly displayed and practically falling out of the shirt. It struck Cassie as odd attire for a pet store associate. Especially, since they work with animal poop. Still, she couldn't think of a reason for Tricia to linger for an hour in a pet store for a woman. Maybe, there was another employee that Daniel just didn't see. The strange pet store encounter was all she had, and Cassie prayed it would be the lead she so desperately needed because without it she had nothing.
"Oh well. Maybe tomorrow will be better," she assured herself in an attempt to shrug off the negativity. Part of the excitement was the chase. She would find what she needed if it was there to be found.
By the time Cassie got home, Eryn was already in bed. She was disappointed because she wanted to chat. She wondered how Ben made out at the sale, and she wondered when he was coming home. She might be missing him. Then again, it could be her slutty hormones that were missing him. She crawled over the boxes and bags of clothes that crowded her room and plopped into bed. Thoughts of her rendezvous with Ben crept into her mind. He was a fantastic lover. She came like four times, and that never happened before. Mostly, she was hoping for a repeat performance. She snuggled into the blankets and continued to reminisce until she dosed off.

Cassie woke early and paddled into the kitchen for coffee. She was happy to find Eryn at the table enjoying hers. "Hey, how did yesterday go?" Eryn asked.
"Not so great. I might have a lead, but it might be nothing. It happens a lot in this job," Cassie stated, hoping to avoid the discussion about her psycho vengeance antics.
"I was referring to your visit to the house, and you know it," Eryn stated.
"It went fine. I got everything I wanted. I just need to find the time to unpack everything. I can barely move in my room." Cassie was trying her best not to arouse Eryn's suspicion. 
"So Greg wasn't home?" Eryn asked.
Cassie shook her head casually, hoping to change the subject. She didn't have the energy to admit to her friend that she went psycho on Greg's stuff. That was a conversation for later because she knew it would warrant a lecture. 
"Why didn't you tell me about Kevin and Kali?" Cassie asked. It was the perfect diversion.
"Because I don't want to talk about it," Eryn stated with a pinched smile. Cassie knew it was a dead subject. She had to respect Eryn's wishes.
"Okay," Cassie said. "How did the sale go?" 
"All four babies sold." Eryn welcomed the new subject and smiled proudly. She grinned cheekily as she said, "Ben will be home Sunday. He has to race Thursday to Saturday. You know, in case you were wondering when he'd be home." Cassie rolled her eyes and shook her head. 
"I can't believe how horny I am!" she announced.
"Gross. Dude, that's my brother." Eryn made a face and shivered dramatically.
"I know. I'm sorry. Don't be mad, but I need to talk to you. I have been so friggin horny and not just for Ben. It's like my body has gone into slut overdrive. I know it's probably not what you want to hear from the woman shagging your brother, but I have to talk to someone about this. I don't know what to do?" Cassie was desperate for advice.
"Ooo. Sounds interesting. Dish!" Eryn demanded as she leaned forward, intent on hearing all the details.
"So, I get to work yesterday, and Randy is in a meeting with Jack, the guy we were watching on Friday night." Cassie started.
"I remember. Believe me?" Eryn smirked. Who could forget Jack?
"Anyway, he knows we were there, and he also knows you aren't a lesbian. He seemed happy about it. He said you were hot."
"Shut up! Oh my God!" Eryn squealed with delight.
"I know. I just stood there, drooling over Jack like a mute idiot. When Jack left, Randy told me he hired a new investigator. I follow Randy to meet him and can't stop staring at his ass along the way. Seriously, I think I'm becoming a nympho. So the new guys name is Daniel, and he is the nerdiest guy I have ever seen. Not ugly, just nerdy. Anyway, he takes my hand to shake it, and I felt this tingle pulse through my body?and then he spoke. He has the accent of an angel. Australian I think, but the moment words left his lips my hoo-hah started to tingle." She stopped to catch her breath. "What's wrong with me? I can't stop thinking about sex, and I'm lusting after every man in my life, except for my douche bag husband." Eryn burst into hysterics. She stopped when Cassie punched her shoulder. 
"I'm sorry, but you have always been a good girl, and it's like you've embraced your inner slut," Eryn said.
Cassie frowned. "It's not funny. I don't like this. I should be mourning after my dead marriage, not lusting after every man I come in contact with!"
"Well, that makes me sad. I keep hoping for you and Ben, but I get it. You just caught your husband shagging your sister. Maybe the shock of it all made you snap. Maybe the person you were before has been tainted with disappointment, and you're looking for a way to forget the pain? Maybe you're legitimately done with Greg and trying to move on. I don't know?but I'm calling dibs on Jack! You're taking me to class tonight. I have to see him again. I haven't been able to get him out of my head, and if he knows I'm straight, I'm going for it!" Eryn stated.
"Thank you for calling dibs. That takes away that worry." If there was one rule between them, it was that they never shared a man. That was just girlfriend code. If one of them staked a claim, the other simply didn't have a thought about the guy, ever again. It's too bad her sister didn't follow the same code. 
"It would be nice to see you with someone. You deserve a decent man. You'll have to meet me there. I could be working until Tricia takes Chase to class," Cassie said.
"I can't wait!" Eryn cooed as she got up to leave. "I better get a move on. The horses won't feed themselves." 
"I'll help. I don't have to be on the job until seven-thirty." Cassie followed her friend to help with the chores. She loved looking after the horses, and she was happy to give Eryn a hand. Eryn worked hard every day and deserved a break. It was the least that Cassie could do, after all Eryn had done for her.
Cassie hoped Eryn would hook up with Jack. It wasn't right for her to move through life alone. Hopefully, Jack Brady would change that. Cassie recalled the last time Eryn was excited about a man?he turned out to be a heartbreaking pig named Kevin Lanoway?

Thank you sampling Third Eye P.I. If you enjoyed it, please visit your favorite retailer to download the remaining book.

Thanks!

Ravenna Young
About Ravenna Young
Ravenna Young is a mother of three robust boys. She is happily married and lives with her family and hoard of creatures in Saskatchewan. Ravenna's chaotic life provides an unending source for creativity. She has a dirty mind and crazy sense of humor which is evident in her work. 
Ravenna started writing at an early age but was to chicken shit to publish anything. She has a love of short fiction and poetry, which is currently being polished to be released upon the reading world. 
Third Eye P.I. is her debut novel and it will not be a standalone. Stay tuned for more Cassie Woods adventures to be released in 2015.
Other Titles by Ravenna Young
Please visit your favorite ebook retailer to discover other titles by Ravenna Young.

Third Eye P.I.  Novel: romance, suspense, series
Third Eye P.I. 
Fallout Coming May 2015

Little Dark Shorts FREE short fiction: paranormal romance 
Sweet Release

Some Wives Do?  FREE erotic short fiction: erotic romance
Cheekinis and Chocolate


Connect with Ravenna Young
Thank you for reading my book!  Here's how to find me in social media land:

Email me at ravennadawn@gmail.com
Like me on Facebook www.facebook.com/RavennaDawn 
Follow me on Twitter http://twitter.com/ravennayoung 
Favorite my Smashwords page https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/RavenDawn 
Become a Fan at goodreads https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/13392536.Ravenna_Young 
