GREGORY GREY
AND THE 
FUGITIVE IN HELIKA
‘Guilt-wracked over leaving his orphanage friends behind when found by his wealthy Uncle, Gregory Grey vows to make his good fortune count for them. It won't be easy. As he fights accidentally conjured undead and adjusts to a magical world turned on its head, he also vows to find his parents, dead or alive. And a mysterious girl in the neighboring dictatorship-in-lockdown may hold all the answers.’ 

Published by Ranjit Stanzin Sanyal at Smashwords
Text Copyright © 2015 Ranjit Stanzin Sanyal
Book Cover Copyright © 2015  Hemangini Maharaul
All rights reserved
ISBN: 9781310214707

I wrote this e-book for you; it is licensed for your reading pleasure alone. Don’t resell or give it away to others. If there is someone you think would like this book, encourage them to buy their own copy, or gift them one! No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner/above publisher of this book.



CHAPTER 1
Lost And Found
Gregory knocked.
‘Come in.’ 
The office was neat and orderly. The Director Lawrence Hughes sat behind a massive dark wood table. He was a stout and powerful man with an explosion of grey hair. Though he smiled, Gregory thought his eyes looked wary.
‘Good morning, sir.’
‘Good morning, Greg. I have some happy news. A letter came for you.’ 
Gregory frowned. He never got letters, nor did the other kids. 
‘A letter? Who from?’
‘Quincy Appleby. He’s the Commander of the Throne’s Watch. He says he’s also your Uncle. He wants you to come live with him.’ 
Gregory stumbled – his legs had almost given away.
‘Careful, boy. Sit down,’ the Director said. ‘Quite the surprise, this must be.’ 
Gregory sat, gripping the arms of his chair, his knuckles turning white.
‘My Uncle… you found my Uncle? My actual family?’
‘Rather, he found you. He sent proof too: a lock of his wife’s hair. I had Healer Caius match it to yours, and there is no mistake. He’s not your Uncle by blood, but he was married to your aunt – your mother’s sister.’
Gregory’s stunned silence prodded the Director to say: ‘I realize this is coming as a shock. It has been so long since-’
‘How did he find me? And why him? Why not my parents? 
‘No one knows where your parents are – it’s assumed they are dead.’
Gregory’s eyes burned, and he blinked rapidly.
‘And my aunt? Why couldn’t she write instead?’
‘I’m sorry, but your Aunt passed away some years ago. There was fire, a terrible accident. Her name was Alicia Appleby. Before she married, it was Alicia Lake.’
Gregory grit his teeth.
‘Still no one of my blood then? My Uncle works for the King and Queen?’
‘Yes. He used to be a detective. A few years ago, the King personally appointed him to the throne’s personal guard.’
‘How did he find me?’
‘Perhaps you should read the letter he sent,’ the Director said. He handed Gregory a foot long parchment. At Gregory’s touch, black ink splotches resolved themselves into words written in a strong and bold hand. 
Gregory read:

TO THE WARDEN OF LAURIE’S ORPHANGE, LAWRENCE STRONGMAN
Sir, I hope I find you in good health.
I write in concern for a ward in your care, Gregory Grey. I am his uncle by marriage. I have enclosed with this letter proof of our family ties. It is my wish that his guardianship be transferred to me. In anticipation of your queries, I will try to provide an adequate explanation.
My name is Quincy Appleby, son of Jonathan. I am spouse to Alicia Appleby nee Lake. Alicia Lake was sister to Vera Grey nee Lake who was spouse to Vincent Grey. Vincent and Vera Grey had a single boy child, Gregory Grey.
Seven years ago, on the eighth day of July, my sister-in-law and her husband vanished without a trace, along with their seven year old child, as they were travelling through Slavia. The search that followed lasted over a year but failed to yield any results. The Slavic government expressed their deepest apologies and declared the family ‘missing, presumed dead’. In the Reflective Parliamentary Monarchy Of Domremy, they remain listed as missing persons. I never stopped looking.
A month ago, I received an unsigned message. It said that a child named Gregory was currently residing at your orphanage and that the child was my long vanished nephew. A photograph was attached. There is no mistaking this boy’s likeness to Vincent Grey. I have sent the photograph along with for your own scrutiny as well as a photograph of his parents.
While I am satisfied beyond doubt of my ties to the boy currently residing at your orphanage, I am obliged by law to provide proof of relationship. Apropos, I am sending you a lock of my late wife’s (Alicia Appleby) hair for the purposes of testing. A Karilec Spell should be sufficient to confirm a match.
I eagerly await your reply,
Gratefully, 
Quincy Appleby
P.S. Forgive me for not providing a more tangible proof of identity. My lady wife passed away some time ago. Her lock of hair is all that remains with me. I shall be glad to have it back. Please find enclosed:
Certificate of Marriage: Vincent and Veracity Grey
Certificate of Marriage: Quincy and Alicia Appleby
Certificate of Birth: Gregory Grey
Proof of Residence: Property Certificate
Proof of Relations: A lock of hair (Alicia Appleby, Deceased)
Proof of Employment: Certificate of Service, Throne's Office
Photographs:
Vincent and Veracity Grey with son Gregory
Veracity Grey and Quincy and Alicia Appleby 
Quincy Appleby and daughter Johanna
Gregory Grey, at Pencier Home for Boys

Gregory read the letter twice. He looked up to find the Director staring at him with concern.
‘Are you alright, Gregory?’ the Director asked.
Gregory didn’t answer. The Director reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a bar of dark chocolate. ‘Have some.’ 
Gregory forced himself to chew and swallow.
‘Grey. I’m Gregory Grey.’
‘Yes.’
He had always just been Gregory.
‘Can I see the photographs of my family?’
The first photograph was of a laughing family dressed for the beach. The man was impossibly tall. He carried a woman and a young boy, each seated in the crook of one elbow. The woman looked tiny next to him. Her long black hair curled untidily down her back. The boy had his father’s grey eyes and high forehead; he had his mother’s wide smile and long nose.
Gregory traced his fingers over the photograph. What had he called them? Mother and Father? Mum and Dad?
The second photograph was a wedding portrait. There were three people in it: Gregory’s mother stood in the centre. To her left was a stout and powerful looking man with curly black hair and unshaven face. To her right was a beautiful bride who looked a little like Gregory’s mother. Gregory’s uncle and aunt beamed with health and happiness.
The third photograph showed Gregory’s uncle in a balcony with a young girl of about ten. The date stamp said it had been taken only a week ago. Gregory’s cousin looked like a smaller version of his mother, but with her father’s curly hair.
‘I have a cousin sister,’ Greg mumbled.
‘Yes I saw, a delightfully pretty child,’ Laurie replied, still watching Gregory closely. ‘The papers are in order, Gregory. Your family has found you.’
Gregory ignored that and glanced through the letter again. ‘He says he’s been looking for me for seven years… but I’ve only been here for six.’
‘Yes. We put what we knew of your history together. You and your parents disappeared together about seven years ago. You were dropped off at the orphanage a year later. Regrettably, we don’t know anything of what happened in the year in between.’
Gregory held his head. Questions, long unanswered, surged up within him – he suppressed them for a little longer.
‘We all went missing together? Then where are – hang on!’ Gregory exclaimed. He put his face so close to the letter that his nose came away with ink on it.
‘Vincent and Veracity Grey! – but that’s the same as…’
‘The authors of Gypsy Tales, yes,’ the Director said with a sad smile.
Among Gregory’s most treasured possessions was a book of folktales of the Yaegir gypsies, who were nomads that traversed the Scandinavian Peninsula once every year. The Director had gifted it to him two years ago. Gregory had fallen in love with it, and devoured that and every other book of gypsy folklore the Director owned.
Vincent and Veracity Grey had written every book in that collection, but it had been six years since their last book was published, when they had disappeared on one of their routine travels.
Apparently, Gregory had disappeared with them.
His eyes burned again; he let the tears fall this time. 
‘I’m sorry, Gregory,’ the Director said. ‘I would have loved to have known them too. They were terrific storytellers.’
‘What happened to them?’
‘Nobody knows, just as nobody knows what happened to you either. There are so many unanswered questions about your disappearance… and quite a few curious things about your appearance at this orphanage too.’
‘What do you mean, Director? Such as?’
‘When you arrived here, you were registered and a record of your arrival was sent to the Capital. The Registrar Of Births at Domremy affirmed your arrival, and sent a copy of it to me.’
Gregory knew those documents by heart. ‘What about it, sir?’
‘There is no record of you at the Registrar’s Office,’ said the Director. ‘And when I showed them my copy of the registration, they said it was fake.’
Gregory felt a chill course through him.
‘What does that mean?’ he asked.
‘Someone knew you were here, and didn’t want you to be found.’
‘Why?’
 ‘I don't know. And neither does your Uncle. The registration would have immediately brought you to his attention, for he had put out an alert for anyone of your description… a year before you arrived here.’
Gregory shuddered. This was spooky! What unseen eyes watched him? 
‘Whom am I supposed to be hidden from?’ he asked.
 ‘I don’t know, but your Uncle believes you were hidden to keep you protected.’
Gregory laughed. ‘The orphanage isn’t a fortress, Director.’
‘Anonymity is protection too. Here you’re a regular boy… well, as regular as your history lets you be,’ the Directory said. ‘Back in Domremy you might have been… something more, perhaps? That’s all conjecture, of course. But we do believe that you have a mysterious well wisher.’
‘Wait,’ Gregory said, holding his head in his hands. Questions long unanswered bubbled up within him. ‘I have to think.’
Six years ago, on a dark and stormy night, two mysterious unknown persons had dropped him off at the Pencier hospice. He had had an impossibly high fever, and it should have killed him; he had been balder than mole rat; and he had woken without any memory of his life before the orphanage. He had woken without knowing his own name. A card tucked into his pocket had the words ‘Gregory’ and ‘Born on the Seventh of July’, and ‘sick for three days’, and a list of his symptoms. Beside his cradle had been a pouch filled with five golden Caesars, and a note that said that the money that was for a donation to the orphanage, a donation for the hospice and funds to heal him with.
The other thing he thought he knew of whoever had dropped him off was this: that same night, two mysterious unknown persons had bought the village hospice’s entire stock of burn salve.
There was no year. No one could guess how old he was.
But now he knew. He was thirteen, and would be fourteen in a month.
His first memory was waking up in the orphanage on a summer morning with no knowledge of his own name. The first face he had ever seen was the Director’s. That day he had had his first birthday party. He hadn’t received too many presents, but there had been cake. Anyone who introduced himself with an offering of cake was bound to make friends. His new friends had been curious: Why was he here? What happened? Where were his parents? Most frequently, why didn’t he have any hair? He remembered their incredulous faces as he said over and over again: I don't know.
More accurately, his first memories were his dreams. Vivid, fantastic and incomprehensible, these dreams had filled Gregory’s sleeping hours for over a year before they stopped. Today, he could barely remember them. Only one stood out in his memory: falling, fleeing through a field of stars.
The question of his origin had haunted his entire time at the orphanage. Most children eventually accepted that they had no one outside. Gregory couldn’t. He’d always been convinced that there was more to be known about him. He just hadn’t looked in the right places. 
When he was older still, and had been allowed to use the library, he had searched the orphanage records for his own file; the letter the Director had sent to the Capital contained no new details and the letter of confirmation received back from the Capital had no details at all. He had tried to find out about the persons who had dropped him off but no one remembered anything about them.
One day, the Director had asked Greg to stop searching. 
‘There is no purpose in looking for something when you don’t have somewhere to start. There are many here who don’t know where they come from and they have made their peace. Find strength in their company and be brave.’ 
Gregory had hidden his resentment and said nothing. Where you came from was a common question in the orphanage. Who you were was an entirely different matter. And he had no answers.
Gregory eventually gave in to The Director’s request, not out of obedience, but out of futility. He let the questions in his mind be, but the villagers’ curiosity about him had simmered for long while – and this was bound to set them simmering again.
‘Whoever wanted to hide me… were they the ones who told my Uncle I was here?’ Gregory asked.
‘It’s not unlikely.’
‘Why now? Aren’t I exactly where I’m supposed to be?’
‘We can only speculate. Perhaps something changed and your silent guardian decided that it would be better to restore you to your family.’
 ‘My parents – my… Uncle… he said no one knew what had happened to them. Do you think it was my parents?’
‘Another good question,’ the Director said. ‘I do not know.’
‘Where’s the photograph of me that was sent to my… Uncle? I don’t see it here.’
The Director gave it to him, sniggering a little. Greg looked at him suspiciously, and then his stomach sank. Though there was no date, he knew the picture had been taken two weeks ago. It was night, and it showed Gregory and three other boys in a circle, a thick grimoire open between them, a long staff in Gregory’s hand. 
With reddening ears, Gregory looked up at the grinning Director.
‘I understand that Mister Roberts was quite put out to find his instrument damaged,’ the Director chuckled. ‘He’ll be happy to see the culprits identified.’
Gregory said nothing. He was greatly annoyed at his unknown benefactor. They could not have been more inconvenient. 
‘Who took this? Who sent it? Who’s watching me?’ he asked angrily.
‘We don’t know. Nor do we have any real way of finding out. The photograph was taken from afar, and up; the shooter was likely carpet-borne.’
‘Whoever took this picture knew who I was all along. They knew I was here. They knew where my family was. Why in the world did they have to wait seven years to tell my uncle? Why are they telling now?’
‘Believe me, Gregory, you’re not alone in feeling like you’ve been played with. Your uncle is as perplexed as you and he tells me that a thorough investigation is underway. He has already spoken to Robert about the night that he found you. And I’m personally quite annoyed about your faked records.’
Gregory huffed but said nothing. He looked at the picture of his Uncle and his cousin.
‘When do I leave?’ he asked.
‘In a month. I thought you might like to spend your birthday with your friends.’
‘Yes. Thank you,’ Gregory said. 
There was a funny ache in his stomach as he thought about Reggie, Mixer and Alf.
‘Director?’
‘Yes, Gregory?’
‘The others don’t need to know I’m leaving, do they?’
‘You don’t want to tell them about it?’
‘No,’ Gregory said firmly. ‘They wouldn’t treat me the same if they knew.’
The Director nodded. He had seen enough children on the verge of adoption suffer sudden isolation and envy. 
‘Then I shall not say a thing. Tell them when you’re ready.’
‘Thanks.’
The Director looked at the boy speculatively.
‘You do want to go don’t you?’ he asked.
‘Of course,’ said Gregory at once. ‘It’s just… well, it’s going be different. And I don’t exactly know these people.’
‘They do not know you either, yet they welcome you as warmly as one could hope. They can provide for you. The orphanage fed you and gave you a roof and friends, but it can’t give you family or school.’
‘Yes, I know.’ The ache grew stronger in his stomach.
‘Of course you do. Now, I’m off to the City tomorrow and will be back in two weeks. Take some time to get used to the idea, alright?’ said the Director. ‘I’d advise you to write a letter to your uncle sometime soon. It’s the polite thing to do.’
Gregory nodded and rose to leave. 
‘Hold on now,’ the Director said, grinning again. ‘We aren’t quite finished. Now that we have considered the happy matter of your family reunion, lets discuss the unhappy issue of your punishment, shall we?’
Gregory and his three partners in crime – Reggie, Mixer and Alf – were condemned to a month of chimney, rafter and outhouse cleaning duty. Reggie, the one who had actually damaged the staff, begged off the other tasks by agreeing to see to the outhouse for the month. It was the worst, but also the shortest job.
Of course, that didn’t mean the Bobbin didn’t paddle their buttocks black and blue. They took the punishment well enough; they knew it was deserved.
One just did not mess with someone else’s instrument.
The next day, Gregory was crouched on the thick wooden beams of the high kitchen rafters, scrubbing grease off the wood. In pauses between scrubbing, he looked out of the large window, which overlooked the crest of an ancient rail line. Years ago, he had idly debated whether to take a running jump onto the train when possible and let it take him far away. He may have jumped off as it passed through a forest, or perhaps a mountain. 
Two years ago, he saw the whales in the sky, and quite forgot his love affair with trains.
At the time, he had heard the word zeppelin thrown around a few times, uttered by adults and some of the older boys in excited, reverent tones. The younger boys had long learned to ignore the passing fancies of adults, preferring to concern themselves with more immediate and important matters, such as turf wars along the banks of the river.
One day, a camp of workers came into the town. They were here to build a strange and tall structure called the Drop. They said that such Drops were being constructed all over the country. At the time, the boys saw the strange scaffoldings only as fresh playgrounds to fight in and over when the workers had left for the day, and there was no one to chase them away. 
The twilight armies of the boys of Pencier, aged six to fourteen, would each evening scramble and swing up the scaffolding to plant their flags at the top. In moments of respite during these races Gregory would absently admire the structure, which was posher than anything else the village, even the Earl’s house.
One day, the village had become abuzz with an exiting rumour – the Thrones were coming to inaugurate the Drop. Gregory and the others still had no idea what it was actually for. And he had not truly cared. His interest had been perked, but not by the Drop.
‘The princess needs rescuing,’ he had told the others.
‘Rescuing? Whatever from?’
‘From the King and Queen of course. They hold her prisoner,’ he said with the superior confidence of someone with knowledge of dozens of such accounts, found in the irrefutable pages of the Director’s folktale collection.
He, Reggie, Mixer, and Alf had brainstormed dozens of rescue plans, each more elaborate than the last, till Mixer had a brainwave that was at once simple and terrifying.
‘We’ll get lots of critters and put them in bags, see, thousands of them. Then, when the King and Queen and the Princess are all there, we step over to the platforms, and rip the bags up proper. It’s bound to be crowded, and the people will freak, see? They feel a crawler crawling up their pant leg and ‘Aaiiieeee’. Next you know, they’re screaming and running and falling, even the guards, and that’s when we’ll snatch her.’
The others agreed it was a splendid idea, and so began the Great Bug Hunt. For two days they scoured the orphanage, the river and the rest of the village for crawlers and built up a colourful collection of worms, beetles, cockroaches, grasshoppers, and ants.
The night before the inauguration, having sorted out their respective preferred titles, which the grateful Princess was bound to confer upon them, the four boys crawled into bed, exhausted but elated. Meanwhile, a hungry rat, smelling the veritable feast of bugs in the dorm room, patiently chewed through one of the potato sacks. 
An hour after curfew, the Bobbin broke into the dorm to find in complete bedlam.
It was the worst hiding Gregory had ever had, but his heart broke only when the Bobbin dumped their painstakingly collected treasure of bugs. He would not say where he put them, and asking had only earned Gregory a box on the head.  They were confined to solitary for a day, and from that little stone room’s little grilled window, Gregory had first seen it – the flying whale – his face squeezed in between Mixer and Alf, pressed into the narrow grill.
The whale had drifted ponderously and surely across the sky, untrammelled by breeze or bird. He had thought it was alive, and that it was beautiful. He wondered where the princess was, and if she had seen it.  The majestic animal passed away from the window all too quickly, but after a while, when they heard its deep blare shake the air, the boys agreed that the whale had belched.
The boys felt sorry for themselves, that they had missed the region’s grandest sight in well over a century, all for unfulfilled chivalry. They felt sorry for the princess too, for there was no one to rescue her now, no one with their daring and gallantry.
When he learned that the majestic whale had been an aircraft called Zeppelin I, held aloft in the skies by fire, steam and magic, and that it had carried the Princess, the King, and the Queen on the bottom of its giant belly, his jaw had fallen, and his sense of loss heightened. Reggie, Mixer and Alf had pooh-poohed the accounts of the other children as fantastic exaggerations, but not Gregory; if something sounded that unbelievable, it had to be true. 
When they had been even younger, the Director had taught them all to read. He had a well-stocked library. Once every week, he would have all the boys gather around him on the floor. From there the Director would pick the boys at whim and have them stand in front and drone out the best tales to the rest of the class.
Gregory, irritated by the halting, stuttering efforts of the others, asked the Director if he could read them on his own. The older man had agreed with some enthusiasm. 
Gregory had dived into the folk imaginations of the world. He read about the serpentine dragons and homunculus kami of the Far East, and the rakshash demons of Little Persia. He learnt about the witch covens in the Tsarist kingdoms and leviathans in the World River. He read about the Midnight Rose and its promise of eternal life. He read about the deathly Sentinels and the glorious Seraphs who had opposed them. 
Gregory’s journey into reading had diverged little from this path, until the day he saw Zeppelin I. That day, Gregory changed his mind about the world. The turf wars were no longer the supreme concern of the universe, nor were fanciful stories, not in the face of flying metal-and-magic monsters that took people to faraway places. There could be no higher purpose to life than to stow away in the underbelly of this worthy vehicle, and to let it take him to the clouds.
As happens to almost all children at some time or the other, the mystery of magic had seized Gregory’s imagination.



CHAPTER 2
Magic and Mayhem
In the days that followed, Gregory spent hours reading the letter over and over. He spent almost as long peering at the photographs. Vincent and Vera Grey. Father. Mother. Quincy and Johanna Appleby. Uncle. Cousin. Alicia Appleby. Dead aunt. He scanned the people in the photographs for features similar to his. He found many. He looked at his cousin. He decided that her nose was exactly like his own. He carried the pictures everywhere. 
He struggled to fall asleep, his nights plagued with questions. When he finally managed to fall asleep, he had absurd dreams, in one of which his Aunt was a pink cat.
Reggie, Alf and Mixer thought they knew the reason behind his furtive disappearances.
‘We all know its Astrid. Just admit it, will you?’ said Reggie. 
It was after lunch, and they were chucking stones from the roof of the orphanage to the river.
‘I’ve no idea what you’re going on about.’
‘Come on, Greg. She’s let you kiss her, hasn’t she?’ said Mixer, huffing as he threw the farthest of any of them yet. ‘Hah! Beat that!’
‘Wasitnice?’ Alf asked eagerly. He was the tiniest and wiliest of the four. His speech had two speeds: fast and gibberish.
‘Did you have to spit her shining, flaxen mane out of your mouth?’ Reggie asked.
‘You’ve lost your marbles, the lot of you,’ Gregory said. He wished he had kissed Astrid already.
‘So this is what things have come to?’ Mixer said, looking injured. ‘You won’t be straight with us? That’s how much our friendship means you?’
‘I told you once if I told you a million times, Mixer. You’re only my friend ‘cause you mix nice desserts. And ‘cause the cook lets you sneak stuff out of the larder,’ Gregory said. He almost wrenched his arm throwing the next one, but it did go further than Mixer’s.
‘The two of you’ve been gooey eyeing forever,’ Mixer said. ‘She knows you want to couple up, right?’
Astrid had become close to him because she read almost as much as he did, but she would not let Gregory borrow her books, saying, ‘the boys at the orphanage would get them all kinds of filthy.’ Gregory only ever read her books under her strict eye, and even then, there was a whole, mysterious collection she wouldn’t let him touch. 
‘Go find your own love life.’
‘Argh, let the miser be. What I wanna know is who ratted us out to the Director ‘n the Bobbin,’ Reggie said darkly.
Gregory made a great show in foiling his next throw – he could blame that for his reddening ear if they asked, but the others were too buried in their own resentment.
‘Westillhavethegrimoire,’ Alf said. ‘I’d’vebeenrightpissedifthey’dconf’scatedthatafterallthetroubleIputintonickinit.’
‘Fat good that grimoire is without an instrument… not that it’d make a difference if we had one,’ Reggie said bitterly. The Bobbin’s punishment for their theft of his instrument had been harsh, but not as harsh as the humiliating failure to get that powerful looking staff to work for them. ‘Do any of you know why it wouldn’t work for us?’ 
That question, unvoiced before now, had haunted them most of all.
What if they were not magic enough inside to actually be mages?
‘Hardy said we mayn’t have blooded the thing properly,’ Gregory said. Blooding was how instruments were bound to a mage. ‘And I’ve been thinking… maybe you can’t blood someone else’s instruments.’
 ‘I don’t know about you folk, but I’m done messing about with magic,’ Mixer announced. ‘It’s too much effort to make for gains I can’t see.’
Guilt mixed uneasily with the ache Gregory already felt at the thought of leaving his friends behind. He had been trying not to think it, but in little over a month, he would likely have his own instrument – Reggie, Alf and Mixer would not. 
Not long ago, Gregory had wondered why more people didn’t use magic. The question had astounded him as soon as he had thought of it. When Gregory wanted something badly enough, he went about getting it. Almost everyone he knew who couldn’t do magic wanted to – badly! There had to be something more to why they did not. 
So he did what he usually did when faced with a problem – ask someone in the know. Only a handful of people in Pencier were full-mage, people who could do all and any kind of magic. They were the Director Lawrence Hughes, who had a wand; Roberts (who was called the Bobbin on account of his spectacular nose), who had a staff; Earl Mayer Amschel, who had a fancy looking hat; Caius the Healer, who had a wand; the Sheriff Kapil Shinde, who had a sinister looking black baton; and innkeeper Martha Moser, whose ring wrought more fear than even the Sheriff’s baton.
The question had struck him as he had been delivering meat from the butcher’s to the Earl. The Earl trusted Gregory alone of all the boys to not defile his meat, and so patronised him often. He had been coming out of his sprawling house to walk his quickly growing Feagles (giant, bouncy dogs), and had deigned to indulge Gregory’s question briefly.
‘Ah, child,’ the Earl had said, ruffling Gregory’s head, ‘it doesn’t do to covet. It doesn’t do to think above your station. Now you listen to me, and this is the truth: magic isn’t something you could earn if you worked all your life till your back broke. It’s something you’re born into if you’re lucky, and you weren’t lucky. It’s not fair, but that the way of things, and the quicker you accept it, the less time you’ll spend pining about what’s not to be.’
He had handed Gregory an entire Tael and walked off. It was more money than Gregory had ever held at once in his memory, but he had never felt poorer.
Unwilling to take the Earl’s word for it, he had thought about other people he could ask. The Sheriff was too aloof and intimidating; Martha Moser would likely believe he had come around only to fool around her daughter Astrid (something that, he had thought ruefully and indignantly, had not even happened yet).
So he had caught the Director and the Bobbin at their usual round of morning poker, which they reluctantly put aside to tell him what they knew of the economics of magic.
It wasn’t just that instruments of magic took incredible skill to make, and that such skill was rare. 
It wasn’t just that it took years and years of practice to become a good mage.
The village craftsmen could cast the few spells necessary to their trade. These half-mages had their instruments too - Fergie the blacksmith wielded an iron gauntlet where his left hand should have been, and he used it to control the heat in his fires; and even his simple fire sorcery and basic metallic alchemy put him in great standing with the villagers. 
Magic itself was not rare at all, but the avenues to learn how to wield it were.
A year ago, Fergie the blacksmith took Hardy, the then strongest boy in the orphanage, as apprentice. Hardy was given a plain iron bracelet for an instrument, and sometimes, when he came around the orphanage for a delivery or a visit, he would amuse and thrill the boys by conjuring fire. Hardy earned nothing – his payment was his opportunity to learn magic and the prestige that learning would one day bring to him.
Every boy envied Hardy’s luck. Magical apprenticeships were rare and greatly coveted. The other coveted apprenticeship in Pencier was at the village’s famous hospice. It was the oldest building in fifty kilometers, and its frequent use during wars in the past had put Pencier on the map. Five apprenticeship slots opened up every year, and every year, some two hundred would apply. Without a sponsor or master, learning magic was simply unaffordable. Pencier was home to two thousand souls, but less than fifty were magicians of any kind.
If the mages of the village were envied, it was nothing compared to what the boys felt for the mages in the Domremy City, capital of the Kingdom of Domremy. They were politely called sparklers and clinkers. There were other unkind names. 
They were called sparklers because some item of their clothing was guaranteed to light up in inexplicable colours and patterns.
‘Puffinry,’ the Bobbin had called it. 
They were called clinkers because they wore curious little gadgets that were ever whirring and clicking. The Bobbin himself was an honorary clinker; he wore thick goggles with multiple lenses that slid in and out of use with a gentle and pleasing clicking sound.
‘The city is magical, to be sure,’ the Bobbin said, ‘but there’s a place there more magic than any place in the whole country put together.’ 
‘Gurukul Caverns,’ exhaled the Director.
And such was the reverence in both men’s faces that Gregory had to fight down a laugh.
Gurukul Caverns was an ancient academy of magical learning. An Arch-Sorceress from the Aryan nation had founded it more than a thousand years ago. Yes, you had to be filthy rich to get in, but you also had to demonstrate great potential. The Caverns accepted you only if it thought you would one day add to its greatness.
For those who could not afford the Caverns, or were turned away, there were boarding houses full of the magically educated unemployed, ready to teach privately at very reasonable rates… rates that nevertheless were beyond the pockets of almost any villager in Pencier. Only Astrid had tutors; her mother would let travelling mages pay for their lodging by teaching her magic. She was fifteen, and had had her own instrument, a ring, for two years.
And so there were two kinds of people in the world: the Mage and the Mundane.
The conversation had left Gregory deeply unsettled. He could understand if something were beyond his reach because of physical impossibilities such as being too far or too high. He could understand if a girl who did not wish to couple up with him was beyond his reach by her own choice. He could understand if another boy refused to lend his magnifying glass in play because he had a prior right to property.
‘But magic’s not like that,’ he had fumed later to Reggie, Alf and Mixer. ‘Everybody can learn it! We want to learn it! Magic doesn’t belong to anybody – we shouldn’t have to beg to cast bleeding spell!’
‘It’s not like begging’s gonna get us anywhere either,’ Mixer had said. 
‘What we need is books!’ Gregory had said.
Reggie and Mixer had immediately groaned, but Alf had nodded.
‘Worm, we don’t all have yours and Alf’s reading sickness,’ Reggie had scoffed.
‘You know better, do you?’ Gregory had demanded. ‘No one’s going to teach us! No one’s going to give us instruments! We’re not suddenly going to get sponsors or masters. Even if one of us does, then that’s a road closed to the other three. There are books on magic out there – I’ve seen them in the Earl’s library. Those books have got the learning we want… if we can get our hands on them.’
‘You’re off your rocker if you think we’re gonna try and steal from the earl,’ Mixer had said. ‘They’ll have our heads for it! We’re not doing it! And you’re not to do it either!’
‘The Earl’s not the only one with books!’
‘Who then?’ 
‘Gypsies.’ 
And the others had finally looked excited.
The gypsies were a strange and colourful people, held in suspicious regard everywhere, and blamed of every thievery that occurred during their passing. They were also famous purveyors of magical curiosities, collected from all over the continent and even overseas. They claimed knowledge of magical secrets that not even the Shamanate knew about. 
An aura of great mystery shrouded them, perpetuated in part by their eyes, which were large and could be green, or grey, or a startling hazel. Whenever the Merlot Tribe of gypsies came around and made camp, the mystics of the village (or loonies, like Alf liked to call them) would ensconce themselves for hours in the stuffy tents at the village boundary, and emerge with varied expressions ranging from transported to deeply grave, as if Doomsday had been revealed to them.
The night before they knew the gypsies would come, in the early days of summer, Alf had said:
‘Booksareonlypartoftheproblem – weneedinstruments.’
‘You reckon the gypsies know how to make instruments?’ Mixer had wondered aloud.
‘I bet they do!’ Reggie had said. ‘I bet they could give us something as good as Hardy’s bracelet!’
‘It’ll cost,’ Gregory had said.
‘How much could it possibly cost? What if we put everything we got together? They’d make us something for sure.’
It had been a heady thought.
‘Andiftheydon’?’ Alf had asked. 
‘Then we’ll nick theirs,’ Reggie had stated. ‘We’ll get Hardy to show us how the blooding’s done.’
No one had argued; it wasn’t wrong to steal from thieves, and everyone knew gypsies were the most thieving lot in the world.
The boys began hounding the gypsies for instruments as soon as they rolled in. To Reggie’s affront, they were laughed at and sent away. Gregory did not let it bother him too much. He was not blindly accepting like the loonies were, but his curiosity of magic ran deep, and there were many avenues to learning about magic.
‘Let’s split up,’ Gregory said. ‘We’ll cover the gypsies quicker that way.’
His true motive for splitting up was to find a particular gypsy. 
Last year, a tall gypsy, a comic everyone called The Funny Man, had traded him a week’s work of chores around the camp for a dirty and battered old book on magical beasts and plants. Halfway through the week, as Gregory was working, he’d fallen into a discussion of illnesses and scars with another gypsy, who boasted of being able to identify every ailment there was. Somewhat hopefully, Gregory had described his mysterious childhood illness, and it had stumped the gypsy, who’d never heard of such a thing. Not willing to admit defeat, he’d offered to examine Gregory’s blood for traces of the sickness. Gregory had eagerly provided a vial, not wincing in the slightest when the evil-looking needle had been plunged into his arm. Seven different tribe members had put his blood through a battery of tests, extolling the uses of and capabilities of blood magic, but at the end, they had remained baffled.
Disappointed, Gregory had sought refuge in his new book, and over the course of the year, memorised it, even the dedication written in tight handwriting in the beginning, made by somebody called Mairin Fahy to someone called ‘The Green Imp.’ 
Gregory had looked for the gypsy who’d given him the book, but hadn’t found him anywhere. When he’d asked, he’d been told the man had wandered away a few months ago, which was something the man seemed to do occasionally. 
Meanwhile, refused by every gypsy about crafting him an instrument, Reggie had worked himself up into a rage. And yet, no opportunity presented itself for the theft of either a book or an instrument, though the grown-up gypsies all had one; instruments were closely kept and usually worn.
Eventually, determined to retaliate for the gypsies’ ridicule, the boys had snuck into Chief Merlot’s own carriage and rummaged around; the Chief had been demonstrating a new magic outside: moving pictures! The interior was plushy and dim. A great many curiosities were strewn about the place that the young thieves had been unable to make any sense of. 
They had heard a noise, and in a panic, had rushed out of the tent. Alf, determined to have some measure of success, had plucked a large tome off a velvet cushion, before scrambling out of the window with the rest.
Only when they were safely back in the orphanage grounds had they looked at what was in Alf’s hands: a thick grimoire of spells – a real treasure! They had pored over it through most of the night and endured the next day with bleary eyes and buzzing heads.
‘The book’s useless on it’s own. We need an instrument,’ Reggie had said.
‘What’ryougonnado? AsktheBobbinforhis?’ Alf had scoffed.
‘Well, not ask per se.’
The others had looked at him in amazement.
‘You want to steal the Bobbin’s staff?’ Gregory had asked with a shudder. 
The idea was frightening, and for more than what the Bobbin would do to them. The village of Pencier adhered to a code – they did not steal from each other, ever. Gregory could not remember the last time he had heard of a non-gypsy theft in the village. And to steal someone’s instrument was beyond despicable.
But Reggie had gone on:
‘We got a book… we’re halfway there…and we’re not stealing, we’re borrowing… we can’t lug his staff around – we’ll obviously have to put it back!’ 
And such was Gregory’s desire for magic, that he let Reggie persuade him.
Alf had volunteered for the actual theft, saying: 
‘You’re crazy, Reggie, you know that? The Bobbin will kill you. I’m gonna go along with this just to see him kill you. If we’re caught, I’m telling him it was your idea, which it is anyhow.’
Gregory knew the truth behind why Alf had volunteered to steal the staff; like Gregory, Alf too had tried different ways to fill the hole of magic in his life – he was obsessed with runes.
‘Runes are magic writ down,’ he’d say to Gregory, the only one who’d listen, (and talking about runes was the only thing he’d take care to slow down for). ‘Everything, from stone and grass and sky, to animals and people and things, can be writ in runes. Everything has its own rune, that’s different from all other runes, like a shoe is different from a hammer. To speak, most people get by a-knowing five hundred, maybe seven hundred words. But there’s thousands of things, and words for them all, and that means runes for them all. But you can also have runes for doing things, like lifting or rolling. There’s rules to follow, but you can couple two runes up to make a more complicated single rune – but that new rune has the meaning of its parents runes. That way, runes are like instructions – you telling magic what you want magic to do. It’s like a language – the language with which we speak to magic energy - but with action built into it. Coz when you power a rune up and release it, it carries out the instruction you wrote.’
Alf could go on for hours. His skill in reading runes put him closer to magic than any other boy at the orphanage – it also made him bitterer; all his runic knowledge could not make him a mage.
The following night, Alf had sneaked out after curfew, and moved ghostlike to the Bobbin’s room. The door had been open, and the Bobbin had stepped out to the outhouse. His staff hadn’t been in the room, so Alf had quickly unlatched the window into the Bobbin’s room, and crept out into the courtyard. He’d waited in the shadows outside the Bobbin’s window for two hours, and just as he’d been about to give up any hope the Bobbin would fall asleep, he’d heard the snores. He’d noiselessly lifted the window, climbed in, crept past the Bobbin’s sleeping form, lifted the staff, and then lifted himself back out of the window. Clutching his prize, he’d raced off to meet the others by a secluded carp pond.
With an excitement and eagerness that dwarfed even that which they had felt for the Great Bug Hunt, they had tried a few of the simpler seeming spells from the grimoire. The staff had shuddered and hissed and remained entirely unimpressive.
‘That’s alright. It just needs to be blooded,’ Reggie had said bracingly. He’d scraped his knee very roughly in the skirmish with the Corby Blues the day before, and after a lot of wincing, he’d peeled of the fresh scab and set his blood flowing. They’d smeared that blood onto the staff and Reggie had recited some gibberish that Hardy had taught him.
The staff had caught afire.
Their yells of shock, though brief, had been loud. After quickly putting out the staff, they’d left it there, snatched up the grimoire, dashed back to the window, shimmied up the rope and into the room and into their beds. The Bobbin had come raging in the next morning, promising Armageddon to whichever night scamps had dared to manhandle his most precious possession. Gregory had looked on with an artful nervous innocence, as had the other culprits. The Bobbin found no answers from the huddle of scared looking boys and it would have stayed that way except for that accursed, inconvenient and mysterious photographer.
When the Bobbin’s staff had caught fire two weeks ago, it had also burned the most promising avenue to magic that Gregory and his friends knew. It was Gregory’s bitterest defeat till now, made all the more painful by the guilt of having mishandled another man’s instrument. It didn’t help that the Bobbin hadn’t been gentle with the paddle, and the four boys had refrained from sitting for three whole days.
Seeing their bitterness, Gregory couldn’t find it in himself to tell them he was leaving for the city in less than a month. He felt too guilty to even look into the grimoire again.
Gregory’s uncle was Commander of the Throne’s Watch. He had a feeling that meant he had access to anything and everything he could ever want to learn. The thought warmed him and filled him with guilt at the same time. He had not done anything special to warrant this good fortune. Getting lucky with an apprenticeship was one thing, but getting privileged like this was quite another. 
Like the Earl had said, he’d gotten lucky. Reggie, Alf and Mixer had not.
 ‘What the matter Greg? You’ve been looking like you’ve lost something,’ Reggie asked, once they’d chucked the last stone into the river. 
‘It’s nothing,’ Gregory said. He had been thinking that Alf, given the chance, would have probably been good at enchanting.
More than ever, he was resolved to keep the letters to himself and tell no one about them. It was better to leave like most did, quickly, without time for long goodbyes, or time for envy to settle in.
His plans of keeping his good fortune quiet nearly fell around his ears the very next day. He’d just gotten down from the warehouse rafters, about a half hour before lunch, when Joshua cornered him. 
Joshua was one of the older boys perhaps a year away from apprenticeship consideration. He was also a bully, and he was holding Gregory’s letter and photographs in his hand. Gregory cursed; he had left them in his pillowcase and Joshua, who had linen duty that day, must have found them.
‘Joshua. You found something of mine?’
‘I sure did, Skinny. Gee, I guess I oughtta congratulate you. Turns out you’re a real nob,’ Joshua said, peering with great interest at the photographs. ‘Your mom and aunt are real pretty, y’know? Your kid cousin too. When are you gonna call us for tea?’
‘Put those down and be real careful at it,’ Gregory said. He put down his brush and sweep. Going over to a sink, he washed his face and hands. 
‘Or maybe, we won’t be good enough to be your guests. That little cousin of yours, she’d likely be scared to see a bunch of great dirty fellows like us here, wouldn’t she?’
Gregory said nothing. He took off his tunic and proceeded to wash soot off himself. Joshua liked to rile people up. He liked scaring the kids much more than he liked beating them up. Gregory wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction.
‘What I’m wondering is, why keep such good news to your self. Happiness oughtta be shared, y’know?’ Joshua went on.
‘Yes, well, I’m selfish like that. You haven’t told anyone?’
‘Nah, but I’m thinking maybe I will,’ Joshua said.
‘What do you want, Josh?
Joshua, whatever else he was, was of Pencier’s orphanage, and the boys had an in-house code. If there was a dispute, a fight could then decide the side of the right, winner takes all. 
‘What I want, is to let everyone know you’re nothing but a sparkler in making, and then I want to throw these dear scraps of yours in the fire,’ said Joshua dropping his fake grin for an unpleasant sneer.
Gregory nodded and said, ‘I win, you keep mum till I say otherwise. And you give what’s mine back to me. Let’s fish.’
Every fight in the orphanage was fought at the carp pond behind a row of trees behind the orphanage – and fights were obliquely referred to as ‘fishing’. The tradition actually had a gypsy origin – fifteen years ago, a Pencier boy had challenged a gypsy boy to a fight. That fight had happened at the carp pond, as had every fight thereafter. Even the gypsies called it ‘fishing’ now.
The fight was quick and brutal, with a few boys cheering them on. The bets quickly favored Joshua. Gregory waited until he heard that the bets were going four to one against him… and then no one was quite sure what he’d done, but Joshua seemed to go limp all at once… his eyes had glazed over… and Gregory had knocked him down. Afterwards, when the two came back for dinner, no one commented on Gregory’s swelling eye or Joshua’s fat lip. 
It wasn’t punching Joshua’s face that had won Gregory the fight, though. A few weeks ago, in the Director’s collection of books, Gregory had found a thin but pretty looking manuscript titled The Gladiator’s Discipline. It had been written almost two thousand years ago, by a warrior-slave who had earned his way to freedom by never losing a fight. He had taught himself to read and write, and then written a book of simple rules of fighting to win.
Gregory had devoured it. One rule struck him more than others:
‘A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.’
The book had then gone on to show a simple drawing of a human body with the weakest and most vulnerable areas highlighted. One of these had been the solar plexus, where Gregory had sunk his fist when Joshua had rushed him.
He took a perverse pleasure in not telling anyone how he had won; the Director begged the boys often enough to read his books, and the manuscript was right there.
Joshua was sullen and Gregory cheerful as he gingerly patted the letters and photographs inside his tunic pocket. His other pocket clinked merrily with the proceeds from the bets. Alf had made sure everyone had paid up. The witnesses had let people know who’d won, but no one knew what the fight had been about. Gregory felt much better for venting off and chatted animatedly with everyone.
A few nights later, he took the Director’s advice and did something he had been putting off for a while. He wrote his Uncle a letter. After many revisions, he looked over it with a careful and nervous black eye. It read:

Dear Uncle Appleby,
I wanted to thank you for deciding to accept me into your home. 
I sorry I can’t remember you. The Director will have told you that I have no memory of my life before I arrived at the orphanage. 
I don’t remember my parents or what they were like but I don’t believe they abandoned me. I want to know what became of them and how I came to be at the orphanage. I have many questions and it would be impossible to put them down in a single letter.
I suppose I’m lucky to have my own family find me. I’d love to meet you and Johanna soon.
With warm regards,
Gregory

Gregory groaned after reading it over for what seemed like the thousandth time. It seemed woefully inadequate. The letter’s blunt adolescent honesty embarrassed him. Nevertheless, he’d given it to the Bobbin the next morning for posting. Gregory spent the next month in nervous anguish.
The reply arrived four days before his birthday.



Chapter 2.1
Lesley's Diary ~ June, 1909
I’ve an absurd mind to call you Kitty, but I won’t. I couldn’t take you seriously if I did. No idiotic cutesy names.
What DO I call you though? Not Diary. One spelling mistake and you’d only ever remind me of milk and moos. 
Hmmm…
Hmmm…
Actually, I don’t think I’ll call you any one thing. It’s not like you’ll last anyway. Hah! You’d shiver if you knew what I did to your predecessors! You’d lose your…ink? Shall I scare you with the terrible tales of their demise?
I think I will. You’ll do a better job if you know the consequences of failure. 
I BURNED the one before you. It had started to get dusty and fire is pretty. It was a good death, I think.
And the one before that didn’t die well at all. AT ALL! Wasn’t the poor thing’s fault, but what’s a girl to do when a snivelling snot nosed brat throws up because it can’t take a tickle? For all I know, that poor diary could even be alive, rotting away somewhere with half-digested carrot cake streaked all over it.
Ugh.
I’d go on, but I what I really want to do right now is rage about Mother and Father. 
Unfortunately, writing on paper isn’t a good way to rage, but it’s not proper for the likes of me to scream… so I’m going to have to settle for a good rant. 
And I can’t get too specific either, even though I’m writing in code, because this is too important to be put down on paper.
How do I start this?
Calmly, to begin with.
I’m lousy at narration.
So there is a patch of land in Helika someone’s being slowly buying up. It’s freaked Father out because no one is supposed to buy that land.
There’s no reason anyone could WANT to buy it. It’s up in the mountains, ridiculously inaccessible, nothing grows there, it gets snowed in in winter, Mother said its ugly in the summer…
And yet someone’s been buying it up.
No one knows it…, and no one CAN know it, but it’s actually our land. Not that we have a title on it to wave around. We own it unofficially. It’s like how Mother won’t let Father touch her hookah set, though it was a wedding gift to both of them. 
Father’s supposed to find out immediately if anyone tried to buy it, and he didn’t, because someone set up a clever Enchantment of Expectance at the Land Registrar’s office over there. In other words, the Registrar was never aware that the land had been bought by someone else, because he wasn’t expecting anyone to buy it. He missed it even though it was in the books and everything.
And if the Registrar didn’t know, no one else knew either, not even Father. 
And that’s scary, because sometimes I think Father knows everything. It’s scary because its been happening for ten YEARS, and Father didn’t know a thing.
Even scarier: we don’t know WHO’s buying it. It’s all been done by a number of mysterious merchant houses whose owners we can’t track. 
Sigh. This would be a whole lot more exciting and romantic if they hadn’t told me my part in it. But we’ll get to that.
Did I just write down a ‘sigh’?
So what’s exciting about a patch of land that’s too ugly for words?
Mother says there is a cradle there. 
Sorry, Cradle, with a capital ‘C’. 
Yes, THAT kind of Cradle. That’s what I heard anyway. I’d just got back from Runecraft class, and I heard Father shout. Father never shouts. And then Mother shouted, and I heard my name, so of course I listened in.
It wasn’t very clear, but I caught something about lost bloodlines, and ancient duties, opening of Cradles and Truebloods. 
I’d never heard the word before. Trueblood. I don’t think anyone has, but Mother and Father say I am one – the first Trueblood in three thousand years, actually, which sounds nice.
Only, apparently the whole point of becoming a Trueblood is to ‘open Cradles’. 
What’s in those Cradles? 
Oh, nothing much, the usual – a little bit of dirt, some ancient rock poetry, a demon god yadda yadda. 
What kind of demon god are we talking about, you ask? 
Sentinels!
Let me explain Sentinels to you: Sentinels are toxic, disease-bringing, all-destroying demons that tried to take over the world about five to seven thousand years ago.
They didn’t succeed, thanks to the Seraphic Mage-Kings, who learned how to tap into the planet’s own magic, and juuuust about held the Sentinels off.
The Seraphs just about managed to lock the Sentinels away in Cradles around the world. 
Everything would have been groovy, but the Seraphs started all dying from their battle wounds. So before they all kicked the bucket, the Seraphs put this whole thousands-of-years-long baby-making-plan together to make Truebloods. 
How do you make Truebloods? (You’re asking a lot of questions, aren’t you?)
You first enchant a peculiar sort of power into many people’s blood (call it the True Power). Then you tell those people to go make lots of babies, but only with each other. When those babies grow up, they make more babies, but again, only with each other. Over hundreds of generations, Trueblooded-ness potentiates inside these people, until you get someone completely Trueblooded. 
It turns out Mother is more than halfway True, and Father is more than halfway true, so when they had me, I came out as True as can be.
Don’t I feel special? Yay! (not really)
The Seraphs made Truebloods because they were all dying out, and SOMEONE needed to be able to contain Sentinels if they ever became a nuisance again. Truebloods can contain Sentinels inside their own magic.
In theory, anyway.
The first Trueblood was born three thousand years ago. He or she tried to capture a Sentinel. It didn’t work out. 
You need more than blood to contain a Sentinel.  You need Will. A massively powerful Will. 
The Sentinel got free. Lots of people died. Even more people died trying to fight it and seal it back into the cradle. Almost all the partially-Trueblooded were wiped out.
It took them three thousand years to make the next one – me. 
You see where I’m going with this, don’t you?
Of all the cradles hidden away around the world, Father and Mother were told about just one by Grandmother and Grandfather. It’s the one in the land that has been so suspiciously bought up.
Father thinks someone knows a Sentinel is sleeping in the area, and they’re looking for it. 
Which, I admit, is worrying. Apparently, no one else but us is supposed to know about that particular cradle. 
We have two advantages over whoever’s looking for Sentinels there. First, we know the exact location of the cradle. Second, we have an actual Trueblood – yours truly!
All I got to do is go there, open up a Cradle, talk to a demon god (though no pressure, Father says the demon god’s going to do most of the talking, which is great, because I’m a Mother says I’m a terrible conversationist).
What happens if my Will isn’t strong enough and a demonic Sentinel overcomes me? No idea there, but it’s probably a safe bet to say that it’s something not nice? Lots of people dying again?
What happens if it DOES accept me? Weeeeell… no one knows that either, but there are a few ‘educated’ guesses.
I could wield the Sentinel to become an all-powerful Queen and rule the world. I’ll admit the idea does have a nice ring to it.
Or The Sentinel and I could end up annihilating each other.
I think I’ll cackle!
…
…
No, that didn’t sound anything like cackle. Note to self: Find someone to teach me proper cackling.
Either of those things though, is a million times better than someone else finding the Sentinel. I MUST get there first.  
Again, no pressure.
So I asked them why weren’t there other Truebloods out there, and why it had to be me?
It turns out there MIGHT be other Truebloods out there – there were a lot of bloodlines being potentiated even after that first Trueblood debacle.
Unfortunately, all those precious bloodlines got scattered in the Reflective and Observant wars.
Well, scattered or hidden. The bad part is, every bloodline only knew the location of its own secret cradle. The one in Helika is our secret. 
Actually, it’s mine. 
Wow, I suddenly feel very territorial. 
You would too, if you thought you owned a demon-god.
This is sounding better by the minute. Who knew perspective could matter this much?
I’m off to Helika next week, on a perfectly innocent little vacation with not an entirely innocent secret detour.
This isn’t vague at all, is it?
I’ve a feeling that if I left you around, the universe will make sure, through some hilarious series of events, that you wind up in the hands of someone you shouldn’t.
Because the universe is out to get me. 
No, really! It literally is out to get me!
AAAAAAIIIIEEEEE! 
Writing down a scream just isn’t satisfying. 
It also looks stupid. I’m not doing that again.
Anyway, thanks for letting me rant. This is actually a nice way of ordering my thoughts. I’ll try it again later. 
Not with you though.
Sorry, but if you were found, I’d be in bigger trouble than when I got Mrs. Delnaz to wear that shawl with suggestive pictures on it.
I think you’re going to have to die after all. Sorry. You helped a lot.
And so, dear brief diary, it’s goodbye. It’s been surreal. 
I promise to keep your successor.
How do I kill you?



CHAPTER 3
Good Omens and Goodbyes
Dear Greg,
Don’t be absolutely ridiculous. If someone should apologise, it’s me. I must have been a complete nitwit to miss you all these years even though you were right under my large nose. I must be going senile.
It’s wonderful to hear from you. You cannot imagine how shocked yet pleased I was the day that infernal message arrived at my door. Though I am saddened that there is still no word of your parents, I am overjoyed that you are safe and healthy. 
Rest assured that all questions shall be answered no matter how long it takes us. The important thing is that you rejoin your family at the earliest.
Jo and I can hardly wait to meet you and bring you home. She wants to say some thing so watch the postscript.
I understand completely that you want to celebrate your birthday with your friends and I’m only sorry that I cannot be there as I am extremely busy at work. Have fun and see you soon.
Affectionately,
Uncle Quincy
P.S.
Dear Cousin Gregory,
I am very happy that we will meet soon. Please get me some Monroe Muffins from Pencier. Make sure you have some. They are very good.
Jo.
The letter made Gregory feel a whole lot better about meeting his family. He showed it to the director, who clapped his back.
‘Greg, you’re a lucky young man. You’ve had a good time here and the orphanage has been your home. But you have a different home now and it would be a shame to waste this gift. Make the most of it, eh?’
‘Yes,’ said Gregory. He thought of his friends and some of the brightness left his face. 
‘You’ll make new friends, Greg, I promise you that, maybe even better ones,’ the Director said.
‘I suppose.’ Gregory didn’t bother pointing out to the Director that he had no plans at all to make friends at Domremy. The only friends that mattered to him were here, and no sparkler would ever replace them.
‘All right, I’ll sweeten it for you. You’ll be flying into the city, Greg,’ the Director said.
‘What? Carpet don’t fly that fa-,’ he began to say, when it hit him and his jaw dropped in delight.
‘But zeppelins do,’ the Director said with a broad grin of his own.
And that sealed the deal for Gregory.
Gregory spent his last days at the orphanage spending as much time with Reggie, Mixer and Alf as he possibly could. 
‘You’vegotthatlostlookonyourfaceagain,Greg,’ Alf said to him two days before he was to leave.
‘It’s Mixer’s fault. I’m telling you, he messed up last night’s soup, curse him,’ Gregory lied easily.
‘Hey, there wasn’t anything wrong with the soup,’ Mixer protested. 
‘You calling my belly a liar, Mixer?’ said Gregory.
‘Well your stomach can get along fine without my soup then,’ said Mixer. He could take any kind of ribbing but that about his cooking.
It will, and soon enough at that, Gregory thought, and looked even more pained. Reggie, Alf and Mixer weren’t the only ones he was leaving behind. The afternoon before he was to leave, a firm hand had grabbed him from behind as he was coming out from butcher’s back entrance, and dragged him into a shaded corner. They second they were alone, Astrid cuffed his head.
‘Ow!’
‘You weren’t going to tell me?’ Astrid said angrily.
 ‘Tell you what?’
‘Don’t mess about! You’re leaving tomorrow? For the city?’
Gregory would have denied it if Astrid hadn’t looked so hurt.
‘Yeah. I haven’t told anyone. I wasn’t going to. How’d you find out?’
‘Your Director Laurie got drunk with mum last night. I heard the whole thing. Why didn’t you tell me?’
‘Like I said, I’ve not told anyone. You’d treat me different if I did.’
‘Of course I’d be treating you different, you idiot! You’re going away forever!’
‘You visit the city all the time! We could see each other whenever.’
‘I should never see your face again, you sneaky brat!’
‘See! This is why I wouldn’t tell.’
‘Damn you, Greg! I thought we had a thing!’
That shut Gregory up. Astrid had never exactly come out and said it before. He looked away from her glare somewhat shamefacedly.
‘Yeah, well. I don’t know how that ‘thing’s’ going to happen now,’ he muttered. He looked back at her and took a deep breath. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘But you’ve known for almost a month!’ Astrid said less angrily, which just made the hurt in her voice stand out more.
Gregory nodded.
‘You’re such an idiot.’
To Gregory’s alarm, Astrid’s eyes were shining with tears, and she was furiously blinking them back. Astrid never cried, not even when Gregory had accidentally slammed the door on her fingers some time ago.
‘Look, you’ll visit,’ Gregory began worriedly. ‘You will! I bet it’s not that long before your mum brings-’
Astrid’s lips were as soft as he’d ever imagined them, and then they weren’t, because she’d pressed too hard, and their teeth had bumped painfully.
‘Ow.’
There was blood on her lips, but it wasn’t hers.
‘You deserve it,’ she said. ‘If you’d-’
Gregory had moved less aggressively than her, and this time it lasted much longer. He’d held her by the shoulders, but she’d almost immediately clutched him close. When they parted, there was a hard look in her eyes.
‘Come,’ she said, taking his hand and dragging him behind like a child.
‘Where are we going?’ Gregory would have been happy to never leave that shady little corner.
‘You know the books I don’t let you read?’
‘Yes?’
‘Well, city boy, they’ve taught me things that even you don’t know! And you’re going to find out what.’
Many hours later, at the evening dinner, when Gregory had been caught staring off into space for the umpteenth time, Reggie suggested that perhaps he’d gotten a ‘lobotummy’, a gruesome medical procedure the gypsies had demonstrated on their moving picture gadget. Gregory thought that Astrid’s lesson would have made for a much nicer moving picture exhibit. On his way back to the orphanage, he’d dropped by Monroe’s and bought a vacuum-sealed packet of muffins for Johanna.
The next morning, he woke to firm hands dragging him out of bed and holding him suspended off the ground. 
‘One!’
Pain exploded in a series of blows across his rump. He roared… in vain.
‘Two!’
‘Hey… Ow… ease up! I haven’t recovered from the Bobbins paddle… ARGH… yet,’ he yelled at those kicking him.  
 ‘Five… quiet you pansy… six… grow up already and take it… seven… like a man,’ Reggie huffed, kicking even harder. 
He roared and yelled about what he was going to do to them if they didn’t let him down, but still received each and every single one of his birthday bumps. 
With a final ‘Fourteen!’, he was finally unceremoniously dropped to the floor, where he groaned pathetically.
He had actually forgotten it was his birthday again.
Then it was time to open his gifts. Mixer gave him a book of his own hand-written recipes. Reggie gave him an old glass compass, traded off a gypsy. Alf gave him an adjustable, if cracked, magnifying glass. The Bobbin’s present was a chess-set he’d carved out of stone.
The Bobbin also gave him a wooden trunk. It was a simple box with hinges, devoid of any decoration. His name was carved into one side. When he had a quiet moment in the afternoon, he put his belongings into it; three white shirts, three pairs of beige trousers, three pairs of white socks, a book on stars, the book on magical plant and animals from the gypsy, his gifts, a sealed file containing copies of his orphanage documents, the letter from Uncle Quincy and the photographs of his family. The Director would bring his trunk to the station the next morning.
He got another gift later in the evening. A red ribbon had floated in through his window, so he’d gone out, where Astrid had given him a slender book. Gregory recognised it at once – A Labyrinth of Thought. It was one of the most fascinating books he’d ever read; it explored the logic, myths, habits and conditions of human thought and judgment.
‘I know how much you like this one; treat it right,’ Astrid said.
Her kiss this time was somewhat formal, and Gregory watched her leave with a deep ache in his stomach.
The orphanage had picnics every birthday, so that evening, everyone gathered in the courtyard, where the Bobbin’s gigantic and ancient red carpet hovered a foot off the ground, undulating slightly. 
‘Everyone here? Right. You know the rules. No running off alone. No fighting on the carpet. No littering the hill. I’ll have your hides if you can’t be civil. Joshua, you got the tents clean? Good. Pile them in the center. Harvey, you sit up front here with me. Everyone take off your shoes and put them in that bag there. Anyone getting mud on my carpet gets toilet duty for a month. Everybody ready? Pile on then, and let’s be off.’
The Bobbin’s repaired staff hummed with energy; the carpet whooshed forward and up. The boys whooped; carpet rides were the best part of any picnic. Gregory took a last look at the orphanage; the bright sun was behind it, about two hours from setting; then it disappeared behind a hill. They sped over villages, forests and rivers. On the way, they caught up with a flock of birds and scattered them gleefully.
They reached their picnic spot, a hill, in twenty minutes. The Bobbin landed the carpet in a grassy clearing through which a stream ran. The boys shed their clothes and rushed into the cool water. Gregory joined in enthusiastically, wrestling and racing with the rest. The Bobbin sat nearby, whittling away at some wood.
When the evening darkened, the boys erected five tents, and made a large fire. Gregory and Mixer set up a spit on two forked sticks onto which they skewered a bucketful of marinated meat.
The stars came out in their splendorous thousands and a white river coursed through them: The Milky Way. A cool breeze picked up and the boys huddled close to the fire and ragged the birthday boy.
‘Greg, I saw you take Martha Moser’s girl to the camp yesterday. The two of you eating face now? Was it because it’s your birthday?’ Harvey said. 
‘Him? Are you crazy? Who’d fall for Skinny?’ asked Joshua.
‘Your mamma,’ retorted Gregory.
The boys lunged for each other. Joshua gave Gregory a tough match this time. The Bobbin refereed and declared Joshua the winner when he managed to pin Gregory in a headlock.
Mixer brought out a messy looking cake, which was voted brilliant. He blushed with pleasure. He’d spent the whole day in the kitchen. 
At ten, the Bobbin made them pick up all the litter in the campsite before he shooed them all into their tents. Gregory, Reggie, Alf and Mixer crawled into theirs.
‘Get your stinking feet outta my face, Alf,’ Reggie said.
‘Youwatchwhereyouputyouruglyface,’ndmyfeet’llstayaway,’ said Alf.
Gregory cleared his throat. ‘Uh, guys? There’s something I have to tell you.’
‘Are you finally done blaming my soup for your constipation?’ Mixer said with a frown.
‘Wha-? Oh, yeah, sorry about that,’ Gregory said sheepishly.
‘Wha-? You lying little gypsy, I knew there was nothing wrong with my soup. You guys hear what he said? Of all the rotten-’
‘Shut it Mixer, the boy’s got something to get off his chest,’ Reggie said, sitting up now.
Gregory took a deep breath.
‘I’mgoingawaytothecitytolivewithmyUnclewho’sfinallyfoundmeaftersevenyears,’ he said in a rush.
There was a moment of complete silence in the tent.
‘Uh, I didn’t quite catch that-’ Mixer began to say.
‘WHAT? Whatd’youmeanyou’releavingfor-’ Alf shrieked.
‘Hey, hey, hey, slow down for us common folk,’ Reggie said.
‘-thecityandwhere’dyougetanUncleallofasudden?’ 
Gregory took another breath. ‘I have an Uncle, in Domremy City, who found out I was living here, and he wants me to go stay with him.’
They stared at him.
‘You’re not messing around,’ Reggie said slowly.
‘That is just unholy Greg. When did this happen?’ asked Mixer.
Gregory quickly told them about the letters and the Director’s theories.
‘And it get’s unholier,’ Reggie said.
Gregory looked at his friends unhappily. Alf had a bitter sneer on his face, and Reggie was looking more and more stoic every second.
‘You’re gonna be a bleeding sparkler?’ Mixer guffawed loudly.
And just like that, the tension blew out of the tent. Alf grinned and Reggie snickered while Mixer huffed and heaved in laughter.
Gregory scowled. ‘I’ll never be a pansy painted sparkler so you just shut up now.’
‘I don’t know, Greg, but if you come back with pink orchids flashing all over you, they’ll write on my gravestone that I died laughing,’ Mixer snorted.
‘But still, Greg, this is… I don’t know what this is… when are you leaving?’ Reggie asked.
‘I’m taking the zeppelin in the morning, at four,’ Gregory said. The Bobbin’s flying me down to the station. You’ll come see me off right?’
‘Of course we will,’ Mixer said.
 ‘Why’intyoufreakingtellus?’ Alf demanded.
‘I’ve seen how it is when someone’s made apprentice,’ Gregory said. ‘It’s like they suddenly don’t belong anymore. I didn’t want to spend two weeks not belonging.’
‘But your uncle being so high up,’ Reggie said, ‘you’re gonna end up studying at the Caverns right?’
‘I suppose,’ Gregory said reluctantly.
‘Then you’ll get more use out of this, I guess,’ said Mixer, and rummaged out the grimoire they’d stolen from the gypsy Chief. ‘I thought we’d just look at what sort of things we’re missing out on… but looks like you won’t be missing out on much.’
Reggie and Alf watched him put the grimoire away wistfully.
‘You gonna be back?’ Reggie asked.
‘I don’t know. I sure want to be.’
‘But it’s all on this nob Uncle of yours?’
‘Yeah.’
‘What kind of instrument are you going to get?’ Mixer asked.
‘What? I don’t know. Could be anything.’
‘Getastaff,’ Alf said. ‘Evenifyounevercastasinglespell, it’llstillbegoodforbreakingoversomeoneshead.’
‘Knife’s cooler,’ Mixer said.
‘Naw. Baton, like the one Sheriff Shinde’s got,’ Reggie said.
‘You got a picture of your family?’ Mixer asked.
Gregory pulled the photographs out of his jacket. Mixer shook his jar of fireflies, and the tent lit up with the gentle lemon light.
‘Yourfamily’spretty,’ Alf said after a few minutes. ‘Soyou’vebeenpiningoveryourownparent’sbooksallthistime?’
‘Yeah. Weird, I know.’
‘Where are you going to be staying?’ Reggie asked.
‘The Eyrie… it’s near the Palace, I think.’
‘You’re gonna get your own carpet, aren’t you? Make it better than the Bobbin’s ancient rag!’
It was a wistful night. Reggie, Alf and Mixer kept up an unending stream of questions of what his life in Domremy was likely to be like. Gregory knew little more than they did, so they conjectured and speculated. One moment, they would tease Gregory for his future fashion sensibilities. The next, they would quietly go over the subjects he was likely to study at the Caverns.
Hours later, when they finally slept, Gregory thought it was as if they wanted a picture of him to hold in their heads. There was no grudge in their manner or words, but he felt as if they were writing his epitaph: Reggie, Alf and Mixer never expected to see him again. 
The thought stung and cut. Within his own heart, he swore that they would, and that they’d see that a world of riches and magic couldn’t derail his loyalty to them.
The Director woke them at a nippy three in the morning.
‘I have a belated birthday gift for you, but you will bathe first,’ he said to Gregory.
They were quickly in and out of the freezing stream. Once they’d put their woolens on, the Director held out his present. They were a pair of brown gloves. Gregory slipped them on and gawked with astonishment; they were toasty warm despite the cold.
‘Triple-layered Wolly-leather gloves: three layers of airtight leather sandwiching two layers of Wolly wool. They sense if your hands are hot or cold and adjust accordingly. Charmed to resist fire. You could pick up burning coal with them and not feel a thing. I hope you like them. It’s customary for the orphanage to give departing children some token.’
They were easily his most valuable possessions now. 
‘They’re brilliant. Thank you. For everything, I mean,’ Greg said, suddenly touched.
‘You’re quite welcome, Gregory. It’s been a pleasure knowing you. I know you’ll make us proud in the Capital,’ the Director said, suddenly formal.
‘Err… yeah.’
The Director had got his trunk, which the boys heaved onto the Bobbin’s carpet.
‘This is heavy! You carrying rocks to your family?’
‘Oh, forgive me,’ the Director said. ‘I quite forgot to mention, Gregory – but you have a lot of books in there!’
‘What books?’
‘I suppose you could call them your parent’s legacy,’ the Director said sadly.
‘What legacy? I don- oh! The folktales?’ Gregory exclaimed.
The Director nodded.
‘They are the first connection you ever had to your parents… it’s only fitting you take them with you. I know you’ll take care of them. Boys, I’ll see you at home. Farewell, Gregory Grey.’
The old man and the young boy shook hands.
‘Goodbye, Director.’ 
The boys climbed on to the carpet behind the Bobbin. The Director became smaller and smaller and then the night swallowed him. They sped through a cold and inky starry sky. The boys huddled together, till they came to the Drop.
The signboard said:
Next flight to Domremy City: 0400
The clock beside the sign showed a quarter to four.
‘This is it,’ the Bobbin said. ‘The zeppelin will be along in some time. Greg, we need to see the stationmaster, and get your ticket stamped. Boys, don’t wander off. Stay in sight of the window where I can see you.’
Gregory followed the Bobbin into the shack. There was a counter with a bell hanging down from the ceiling over it, which the Bobbin rang loudly.
‘I’m in the loo. I’ll be there. Go easy on that infernal bell,’ a muffled voice shouted from a room behind a door.
The Bobbin and Gregory stood in silence for a while.
‘You’re not very chipper for a boy headed to the City forever,’ the Bobbin remarked.
Gregory looked out of the window at the platform where his friends were huddled.
‘Don’t you worry about forgetting those three,’ the Bobbin said. ‘I’ll make sure they write.’
‘Bet I’ll be the dumbest kid they’ll ever see in the city.’
‘No, you won’t,’ said the Bobbin. ‘You can fool the others but you can’t fool me. It was a kindness, what you did for Joshua at dinner. And it takes smarts to be that kind of kind’
‘He trumped me.’
‘You let him trump you. Everyone knew that you beat him before. And that wouldn’t have been right to Josh’s pride. You saved his face, and lost nothing for it. He knows it and he’ll remember it.’
Gregory said nothing.
‘Cheer up, you! Magic, Greg! Magic!’
Gregory laughed guiltily, and then looked serious.
‘I’m really, really sorry about your instrument,’ he said.
The Bobbin looked surprised, then smiled warmly. Impatient now, he rang the bell again, clanging it hard.
The door opened and a stout man with wispy hair walked out. ‘Alright, alright, I’m there already, yeesh.’ He was still putting his clothes in order. 
Without a word to them, but muttering something about ‘sleep’ and ‘infernal bell’, he stamped and signed Gregory’s ticket.
Gregory and the Bobbin stepped outside. The boys stood together in silence. There wasn’t anything left to say.
A deep humming filled the night from above. The boys looked up; there was a dark patch in the sky, blocking the stars. 
The giant airship materialised from above into the soft yellow light of the platform. The gondola, a passenger cabin attached to the bottom of the ship, was about a hundred feet long, and the gigantic rigid balloon was almost five times that.
Written on its underside was, The Scheherezade. Two circular holes opened up on the underside and a metallic ladder unrolled out of it to the ground.
‘Passenger, please place your luggage in the blue circle and then step on to the ladder to board The Scheherazade, which will depart in two minutes.’
Gregory dragged his trunk over as directed, which flew up into the ship, lifted by some unseen force. He turned to his friends. All at once, the four boys rushed into a rib-cracking hug. Gregory heard Mixer choke down a sob. Then Gregory stepped away and onto the cold metal ladder. It began to retract back into the gondola, swaying a little as it did. 
Alf yelled suddenly. ‘Greg,youbetterwriteorheavenhelpyouI’llcomebeatyouintojelly.’
‘I’ll write, I promise,’ Gregory yelled back, and then he was inside the ship, being helped off the ladder by a pretty stewardess.
‘Welcome aboard The Scheherazade, sir. You’re in row 9, the window seat.’
As soon as he found his seat, Gregory dashed over to window. They saw him and waved. The Scheherezade rose, and in a minute, he could hardly see his friends at all. Drawing away from window, he forgot to be happy he was finally, as he’d always wanted, being taken away in a Zeppelin.
The airship moved strangely, rolling and sometimes rearing and shifting from side to side. He unfolded a table from the wall and put his head down on it, trying not to think about things; like if he’d ever see his friends again, or what sort of impression he’d make on his Uncle and cousin.
Then he blinked. 
There was a moving point of light under his eyes. He sat up and saw a map of the Kingdom of Domremy, enchanted into the table surface. The yellow light, moving slowly across the map, was labelled The Scheherezade. It was moving away from a red point labelled Pencier, and there were other red and green dots scattered across the map, tracing the zeppelin’s path. Greens, he realised, were stations the airship had to reach, and reds were the stations it had passed. 
The last green dot was labelled Domremy City. He touched the dot and ink of the map whirled violently into words and a color photograph. 
He read:
Domremy City is home to the Occilian royal family. Osmundiaz Occilox, popularly called the Father of Reflection, founded it a thousand years ago. The name Domremy was originally given to a hidden hollow in the round located amongst pasturing cows, in which Occilox hid while Observant forces from Helikapolis scoured the surrounding mountains and forests for him. There he recovered and built his army, eventually creating a stronghold for a millennium-long rebellion that would outlast Helikan persecution and establish a firm ideology of spiritual independence. The City’s current Thrones, King Nathaniel Eavesfather, Queen Renata Eavesmother, and Princess Leliana Eavesdaughter are pictured to the left.
Gregory looked at the photograph. The King stood in the middle. He was a tall, balding man with a dome shaped head. His wife stood next to him, also tall. There was a broad friendly smile on her face that Gregory liked. And standing between them, clutching both their hands was a tall child of seven or eight. She was a pretty thing in flowing green robes. Around her neck hung a large green gem.
He sighed, sat back, and really looked around the cabin. Everything was clean and richly decorated. He suddenly wondered if his clothes were clean enough and if he was muddying up the floor, but a quick check revealed he wasn’t. A rosy scent hung in the air. Next to his seat, there was a panel with many intriguing buttons. Pressing one button filled his seat with air or deflated it. Pressing another replaced the inked map on his table with the face of a clock. These distractions quickly petered out.
With nothing better to do, Gregory fell asleep, with his ear pressed to the wall of the cabin. The airship hummed warmly through the metal.
Gha-chunk, gha-chunk, gha-chunk.
When he opened his eyes again, there was a boy staring back at him, sitting as he was, one ear pressed to the cabin wall. 
‘It’s quite a thing isn’t it?’ said the other boy.
‘The zeppelin? It’s the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen!’
The other boy seemed pleased. 
‘It’s mine.’



CHAPTER 4
Scions and Screamers
Gha-chunk, gha-chunk, gha-chunk.
‘When you say yours…’ 
‘Well, it’s really father’s, but that makes it mine too. Hello,’ said the boy.
‘Hello. Your father owns this airship?’ Gregory asked disbelievingly.
‘This, and every other. I’m Zachary Zeppelin. Call me Zach.’ 
‘Gregory. Gregory Grey,’ said Gregory, a bit flummoxed.  
‘Two gees. Oh, that’s good, like my two zees. It’s lucky.’ Zach pulled away from the wall, and looked expectant until Gregory did the same.
‘Count Zeppelin is your father?’ Gregory asked, settling down. He felt a sharp surge of jealousy. The boy across from him must have been riding airships forever!
‘Uh-huh.’
‘Prove it.’
‘You don't believe me?’ Zach tried to look hurt. 
‘No.’ 
‘I’ll take you into the pilot’s cabin then, and you can meet the pilot.  He’ll tell you.’
‘Alright then.’
‘Hold it. Declare your forfeit first!’
‘I don't have anything.’
‘I like those gloves.’
‘What? Not in any unholy hell! They’re a present!’
‘You can’t challenge me without a forfeit. You’ll just have to believe me.’
‘I’ve got a lot of sweets. It was my birthday yesterday… still is, in fact,’ offered Gregory.
‘Oh… I see. Happy birthday, then,’ Zach said. ‘In that case, forget the forfeit, I’ll just show you, for a birthday present. Come along.’
Gregory followed Zach to the cockpit, curiosity overpowering his anxieties. There were two men in pilot’s uniforms inside. 
‘Master Zeppelin, did you finally find yourself a new friend?’ one of the pilots asked.
‘This is Gregory. It’s his birthday today, and he likes airships, so I thought I’d show him how one flies.’
The men took in Gregory’s clean but plain clothes, and his bleary eyes. Zach noticed it too, because he said loudly. ‘If you’re not busy, Captain Shylock, would you mind if I showed him what everything does?’
‘Of course, go on ahead,’ said the man.
Zach took Gregory’s sleeve and the men parted to reveal the control panel. Gregory forgot his discomfort in his awe. There were buttons, chains, keyholes, and levers, arrayed in colourful shapes across the panel. Gregory hesitantly stroked his fingers across paraphernalia. There was something intimate about looking into the brain of this majestic vehicle.
‘You know how the ship works?’ Zach asked.
Gregory nodded. ‘A little; a rigid outer framework that holds a bag of gas inside it and the gondola at the bottom. I never found anyone who could really explain it to me.’
‘Then listen close,’ Zach said. ‘These,’ he pointed at two pairs of levers, ‘control the forward propellers. The left pair controls the angles, and the right pair controls the thrust. This stick here,’ – a black shaft rising out of a cross – ‘controls the rear propellers, pitching them up and down or side-to-side. These buttons are for the ballast distribution and these are for gas pressure. This…’
Zach went through each and every oddity, demystifying them for his eager student. Gregory was transported. He asked many questions, from weather problems to safety features, and Zach answered every single one of them, with the occasional comment from the pilot and the navigator.
When Zachary finished, he leaned into Gregory’s ear and whispered, ‘You want to fly it in later?’
‘Fl-fly it in?’ Gregory hissed in shock. ‘You can fly this?’
Zach grinned at Gregory’s thunderstruck expression. ‘Well, duh. I said it was mine, didn’t I? I’ve flown a few dozen times.’
Gregory’s mouth made like a fish. Zach was suddenly fifty feet tall, had wings, and was emanating a holy glow about himself.
Zach pretended to be disappointed. 
‘Well, I thought I’d ask, but if you don’t want to…’
‘I want to!’ Gregory said, managing to whisper and exclaim at the same time. The thin-lipped Captain looked on suspiciously at the huddled heads. 
Zach grinned. ‘Keep your hair on. We can’t let Captain Tightwad know you’ll be doing it, but I’ll tell him I want to bring us in to land at Domremy. We’ll get back in here then, alright?’
Gregory thanked him, the pilot and the navigator profusely before stepping back into his cabin and settling down. 
‘So, you’re going to Domremy too?’ Zach asked.
Gregory nodded. ‘My uncle’s there.’
‘Oh, that's wonderful. Good for you. It’s the best place in the world. You’d know that too if you’ve been there before. Have you?’
‘No. Never. First time.’
‘That’s awesome. You’re lucky. I wish I could have a first time again.’
‘Have you lived there long?’
‘Nah, just about a year,’ Zach said. ‘Dad got a contract to build airships for the Crown.’
‘Do you fly very often?’
‘Often enough. I used to fly every route at least once every year, but now there are too many routes. Mom wouldn’t let me go to Fundamentals. She say’s it’s mostly rubbish. She schooled me herself.’
‘So do you go to a school now?’
‘I don't, but I’ll be starting in a fortnight at Gurukul Caverns. I suppose you’ll be going there too?’
‘Uh, I’m not sure. My uncle’s not really said anything about it yet.’
‘I hope you are,’ Zach said. ‘It’s the best school of magic in the City, maybe even in the continent.’
‘Yes, I’ve heard. Don’t you need an instrument to get in?’
‘Well, yeah. You don’t have one?’
‘No,’ admitted Gregory.
‘Me neither. I mean, I pick up Mom’s wand when she isn’t looking and swish it around but nothing happens.’ 
‘I can’t wait to have my own though,’ said Gregory. He told Zach about the escapade with the Bobbin’s staff.
Zach laughed, and then looked excited. ‘Let’s go get our instruments together. Dad is taking me shopping next week and we’re going pick up my books too.’ 
Gregory nodded, not repeating that he’d already said he wasn’t sure what he was going to do about school. 
They sat in silence for a while. 
‘I saw you and your friends out of the window. They looked a little sad. You were close?’ Zach asked hesitantly.
Gregory nodded. ‘They were all from the orphanage I was at.’
‘If you don’t mind my asking, what happened to your parents? And why were you at the orphanage if you had an uncle?’
Gregory hesitated. His story was quite fantastic, and he wasn’t sure how it would be received. Then he realised that he was talking to someone who owned and flew Zeppelins, and who’d offered to let him fly later and figured the boy had earned a good story.
So he told Zach everything about the letter, the Director’s investigations, his mysterious arrival at the orphanage, and his own questions about the mystery. Zach would comment and exclaim occasionally, but mostly listened with the amazement of a toddler at a gypsy’s magic show.
‘That… is the craziest and coolest story EVER,’ declared Zach once Gregory had exhausted his account of his life.
Gregory felt absurdly pleased.
‘I mean, it’s a real mystery – the first I’ve ever heard. It fits everything. There’s a disappearance – two of them really.  And who is this mysterious photographer? Were they the one who intercepted your letter in the first place? Did someone know you were here all along or did they just find out? And where were you for an entire year? Most importantly – why didn’t you have any hair?’ Zach rattled off the questions on fingers.
‘I don’t know – and I really have to find out. I can’t not know,’ Gregory said.
‘Oh, you’ll find out. Mysteries get solved sooner or later, it’s just a matter of reaching the end of the story,’ Zach said confidently. ‘I bet you’ll find a lead or something in Domremy. You should look up your parent’s old academic records at the Cavern library – I hear they have a written record of every kid who ever attended.’ 
‘I dunno. My Uncle’s a detective, the best in Domremy I hear, but he didn’t find anything all this while.’
‘He’s too close to the case. This needs fresh eyes. We have to look in new places,’ Zach said firmly. 
‘New places – like where?’
Zach looked thoughtful. ‘We’ll think of something. Speak to the people who knew your mum and dad, of course - they’ll be eager to speak to you, if they were friends with your mum and dad before.’
Gregory blinked. Of course, there must be so many others who had known his parents, he thought. 
They spent a while discussing possible leads and the identity of the photographer, with suspects ranging from the soul stealing demon Yerg Nairod to memory imps. 
The pretty stewardess, Emily, came over after a while to announce breakfast, which they had in a room of reinforced transparent glass. They watched colour seep back into the world around them. Gregory was so fascinated by his bird’s eye view that he almost forgot to enjoy his food. There was sausage, egg, bacon, cream buns, porridge, fruit, and grape juice.
‘What’s Domremy like?’ Gregory asked.
‘Domremy? Well - brilliant obviously. And – kind of distracting – unexpected, y’know? Kind of audacious, which magical cities tend to be. You’ll see what I mean when we get there. Speaking of which, we’re there.’
Gregory suddenly noticed there were a lot of flying carpets outside the window, more than he had seen in his entire life! They were flying though a valley. Far below him he saw clusters of little houses and hamlets, all linked by winding roads that sprawled across meadows or disappeared into little woods.
‘It doesn’t look that impressive,’ he said.
‘You wait,’ Zach grinned. ‘Come on, let’s see about you flying this thing.’ 
Excited, Gregory followed Zachary into the cockpit again.
‘Captain, I want to fly the Scheherezade down to the Spire,’ Zachary said. 
The Captain looked at him suspiciously. ‘You’ve sat out the whole journey so far.’
‘Yes, well, Gregory here doesn’t believe that I can fly, so I told him I’m going to bring the ship in.’
‘There’s a lot of traffic out there today, lot of ships returning to town…’
‘I’ve managed traffic before – it’s no biggie,’ Zach said firmly.
The Captain hemmed and hawed for a few more minutes then let them take over piloting. He left.
‘He doesn’t watch over you?’ Gregory asked, a little incredulous.
‘He used to, but he got bored after a while. The good thing about having a good reputation is that if you’ve the notion to abuse it once in a while, no one says anything, or even asks, really.’
‘You do that a lot?’ Gregory asked, slipping into the pilot seat. 
‘Once in a while. Don’t you?’ Zach asked, taking the navigator’s seat. 
‘Can’t say I’ve ever had a good reputation, to be honest.’ 
‘My kind of man. Alright now, listen up. You do what I say, when I say it. You pull what I tell you to pull, and you push what I tell you to push. Let’s go over the controls again, at least, the one’s you’ll be handling. If I step in, you take your hands off and lemme do the flying till I give it back to you. Savvy?’
‘I savvy,’ said Gregory. 
‘Good. Now be on the jump. We need to switch seats on the second if we hear the Cap or his tribe trooping back in. Not that there’ll be too much trouble, but I don’t need him tattling and whining to my mum. I yell switch, we switch,’ Zach said and Gregory nodded. ‘Now, we’ve got ourselves a while before we pull in to the Drop, so you’re going to go over the control with me and learn their names, so you know what you’re touching, and why you’re touching it. We’re flying over Lotown now and should be over Lake Big Finger soon.’
Gregory spent the next five minutes going over the control panel again and again with Zachary, occasionally following a given command. The airship shuddered and pitched as Gregory tried to bring the giant craft to heed. Its low humming and gentle shudders were reminiscent of diving underwater. Occasionally it would veer side to side and Gregory would glance worriedly at Zach, who’d cock his ear at the door, expecting the Captain to burst in at any moment.
‘Is it supposed to be shaking this much?’ Gregory asked.
‘You’re not doing too badly. Remember it’s not just you affecting the ship, the weather outside wants to play too. Just remember the ship is your toy, not the wind’s.’
Under Zach’s patient guidance, Gregory learned to get a feel for the craft. Euphoria replaced his nervousness as he absorbed the feeling of the airship responding to his touch. The ship felt alive, and it was almost as if it was conversing with Gregory.
‘This is awesome,’ he breathed. Then he saw something that sent his jaw plunging down. 
‘Watch it, there’s a speed limit here,’ Zach said sharply, knocking Gregory’s drifting hand away from the lever to power up the engines.
‘What’s that?’ Gregory asked.
Zach looked and grinned. ‘That’s the Canopy Stadium.’
They were flying over the shores of a lake bordered by small mountains. Halfway across the lake, where it curved to the east, an immense structure flared out of the mountains into a large, circular head with a crown of inward curving thorns, resting on a gigantic, curving trunk of stone.
‘How does it even stay up?’
‘Magic, doh.’
‘What’s that?’
On the south-east bank of the lake stood a tree, the biggest and strangest Gregory had ever seen: twelve stories tall, with a pure white trunk; and without a single leaf on it.
‘That’s the Blood Tree,’ Zach said.
‘I’ve never heard of it.’
‘It’s only six months old. Some world famous Healer mom keeps raving about, Asclepius Coffey, built it with magic, but I’ve no idea what it’s for.’
Small figures seemed to be moving up the giant in a spiral – there were steps carved into its trunk, Gregory realised.
‘Is the rest of the city like this?’ he asked.
‘It’s not all like that – sort of spread all over the place – and here and there it gets a little out of whack from what you might be used to, yeah. Swivel the engines quarter straight, will you? You’ll see the Spire on the next bend.’
Gregory manoeuvred The Scheherezade into his first view of Domremy City. 
The air was clear across Lake Big Finger; the tallest building in the world stood on the other side of the water: the Spire. Cloud-wreathed, it reached a mile from the ground to the sky, impossibly slender. 
‘That’s where we’re docking,’ Zach said.
‘It’s awesome,’ Gregory breathed.
‘Thanks. It’s also where I live – at the top,’ Zach said. 
The Spire was wider than it looked. There were six tiers at the base, and each tier had seven petal-shaped drop points. Zeppelins, huge and small, were constantly taking off or landing. Innumerable carpets zipped about and around these giants.
‘Don’t the carpets ever collide with the ships?’ Gregory asked.
‘If they’re being flown drunk, they might. Not that I ever heard of,’ Zach said.
The Captain hadn’t been wrong; there was traffic. Gregory swallowed. ‘How are we supposed to land, with all those whales in the way?’ he asked.
 Zach flipped some switches on a dashboard above the control panel. He pointed down at the drop they were approaching. Its floor, and the wall under it, was flashing a series of colours and numbers. 
‘The system is simple enough. We’re headed for the lowest north dock, the one on the ground. The numbers call out the ship ID, the colours signal their landing position. We drop at green when our own number comes up – I’ll let you know when it does, and anyway…’ 
The Scheherezade died.
Gregory and Zach traded unsure looks. The ship wasn’t humming. 
 ‘That wasn’t supposed happen, was it?’
‘No. Switch!’
They traded places instantly; Zach banged about on the control panel.
‘We’re slowing down,’ said Gregory, panic flaring in his stomach. ‘… and I think we’re going down… slowly. Did I do something?’
‘No, you can’t just turn off an entire ship that easy. Don’t talk! I need to…’
The cockpit door burst open and the pilot strode in.
‘Stand down, Master Zeppelin! What happened?’
Zach scrambled out of the seat and the pilot jumped into it.
‘I don’t know. The ship won’t respond… it just… died!’ he said.
‘What were your last actions?’ the pilot barked, banging the panel exactly like Zach had.
‘I was prepping the landing sequences…’
‘Zach!’ Gregory said. ‘Look outside! It’s not just us!’
At The Spire, everybody other zeppelin was slowly descending too.
‘The carpets!’ Zach cried in horror.
Gregory looked, but the sky was empty of the many carpets that had been there only seconds ago… then he saw the flailing, falling bodies, and the fluttering swathes of cloth; unlike balloons, the carpets had no hot air to keep them up; the falling must have been screaming, though Gregory couldn’t hear them: he saw them hit the spire and explode in red spray, or just break and lie there limp and unmoving; there was other movement at the piers: people locked in brutal scuffles…
‘What’s going on?’ the pilot whispered.
A bloom of light, a flaming inferno, a zeppelin was afire: the flames engulfed the balloon: its windows opened and someone jumped out on a carpet, which fell with him or her, lifeless: there were others jumping, and some of them were burning too:  airship after airship crashed into the Spire and burst into flames, each consumed in less than a minute.
‘Captain,’ Zach said, shaking the frozen man.
‘Minerva,’ the pilot whispered. ‘Please be okay…’
‘Captain!’ Zach yelled. 
The pilot turned to Zach, looking completely lost.
‘What?’
‘We need to get people off the ship,’ Zach said.
‘The ship won’t respond… what am I saying? I’ll hover them down. Stay here!’
He left.
‘Why is everybody falling?’ Gregory asked in a whisper.
‘I don’t know,’ said Zach. ‘Why are they fighting?’
The Scheherezade drifted past the Spire’s massive body to the right to it’s right; they saw a brutal fight on every level, and some of the fighters were moving… wrongly.
‘They’re not using magic,’ Zach said.
There were no flashes of light, no unseen force flinging objects, none of the gestures Gregory had come to associate with spell casting. Everyone was grappling, like the boys back at the orphanage did. 
It was almost funny.
‘I think we’re going to touch ground just past the Gurukul Caverns,’ Zach said, looking straight ahead.
In front of them, a huge out-cropping of rock from a high cliff reached out to a large pool. A grand stairway seemed to lead to the mouth of the outcrop.
‘We’re not going to crash into that, are we?’ he asked Zach.
‘No… we’re just going to miss it… pass it by to our side, I think.’
Someone shrieked – the sound came from the gondola outside the cockpit door.
Gregory strode over and pulled it open. 
The Captain was on the ground, grappling with… something. A scattered line of terrified passengers stood beyond the struggling pilot; some brandished their instruments, and shouted words of magic Gregory couldn’t understand: dark smoke streamed from them; the passengers cried in surprise: the smoke condensed into limbs and figures, wraithlike creatures of decayed skin wrapped around skull and bone; they looked blank and surprised.
Then they saw the Captain. 
Rage twisted their blank faces and they dove at the man: one of them had a weapon – a spear: the Captain was torn apart in front of their horrified eyes… and even as terror flooded Gregory, the falling airships and carpets, the fighting outside and the dark magic in front of him came together in his brain.
He understood. 
‘DON’T USE MAGIC!’ he roared at them. ‘DON’T USE MAGIC!’
The creatures saw him and shrieked – it was the cry Gregory had heard barely a minute ago. One of them scrambled towards the cockpit, and Gregory slammed the door shut – he heard the creature hit the door and shriek again.
‘What is it?’ Zach shrieked almost as loudly as the creature.
‘I don’t know… wraith, maybe… don’t do any magic! Those things – the passengers cast spells – that’s what came out – they killed the Captain – that’s why the airships and carpets are all falling… magic’s failed!’
For an instant, the two terrified boys just looked at each other.
‘They killed-?’
‘We need to get off the ship!’ 
‘We’re safer in here! Those things could be out there!’
‘I’m not going to wait for the ship to blow up! It could have been them that did it!’
‘How in the hell are we going to get off the ship?’
Gregory pointed ahead, where something shone like a silver shield in the sun.
‘See that big pond? We jump off over that!’
‘Okay. Okay. Let’s do that.’
Screams pierced through from the other side of the door – shrikes of terror, yells of pain, and hysterical crying.
‘Come on,’ Zach said, looking sick. He twisted four large handles in the side of the cockpit – the emergency exit swung inward at once.
The clear blue pond came under them; Zach jumped abruptly, as if he didn’t want to spend a second thinking about it. He plunged in with a large splash – seconds later, his head bobbed out of the water.
‘Jump!’ he yelled.
Gregory grit his teeth, took a deep breath, and jumped: the wind whooshed in his ears: he kicked hard with his feet as his stomach rose to his mouth: he hit the water hard and sank like a stone: the rush of crashing liquid replaced the sound of the wind: the chill shocked: he inhaled water, choked, lungs flaring with pain: his feet touched the pool’s bottom: he pushed off and kicked for the surface: his head broke the surface, and he drew deep, painful breaths.
A violent coughing fit seized him, his lungs rebelling against the abuse. He spotted Zach dragging himself out onto the beach to his left and splashed over: felt ground beneath his feet and crab-walked to the edge of water, collapsing next to Zach.
Zach was shaking, almost trembling.
‘Zach, you alright?’
‘Eh-he-he-he.’
‘Heh… come on, Zach, heh... say…mhph… say somethi- hehehe.’
The trembling struck him then, and even as he began to laugh, he realised that’s what Zach was doing, the terror and shock leaving them lightheaded. 
Hysterical laughter ravaged Gregory’s already tender lungs.
A yell cut through their laughter: the zeppelin had drifted ahead, and someone else had jumped; the cry abruptly cut off… but the airship had been quite low… Gregory stood and saw someone crawl away from the descending ship… others were jumping too, screams cutting off… not everyone was hurt… but someone on the ground tried to catch someone else as she fell – they both crumpled and didn’t move again; those that could were all moving away from the airship, which looked to land any second.
‘Zach, those things could be coming off the ship any- aah!’
Steely fingers closed about Gregory’s ankles and dragged him back into the pool; the water drowned his shout: he was pulled further, deeper in: something clambered up his back; pain seared open along his skin: Gregory twisted violently: a mass of dark hair filled his vision… as did water red with his blood – he kicked out furiously and hit something solid. 
A skull-like face of rotting flesh and black eyes glared malevolently at him, jagged teeth bared: Gregory attacked… the two of them struggled; kicking, scratching, punching and pulling: the creature was emaciated, but fought with an insane strength… Gregory’s vision darkened: he weakened from the lack of air.
He heard a splash and a dark figure suddenly wrestled the creature from behind, giving Gregory a moment’s respite, enough time for him to kick for the surface and breathe.
He didn’t see Zach anywhere, and so he dived again. 
The creature was choking Zach; Gregory grabbed its head from behind and grappled, ignored the pain of jagged teeth sinking into his arm… his elbow locked around it’s neck, and with superhuman effort, Gregory broke its neck… which came off, with its head, in his hand. He flung the head away: it dissolved into dark smoke. 
Bleeding and exhausted, Gregory and Zach climbed out of the water again.
‘Where’s the zeppelin?’ Gregory asked.
‘Must have touched ground ahead of the Caverns. Come on.’
Zach led the way, jogging over to and onto the great stairway Gregory had seen earlier. It climbed up into the opening of massive cavern – the huge outcrop was completely hollow.
‘What is this place?’
‘What? Oh! Gurukul – this is Gurukul Caverns! And there’s the ship,’ Zach said, pointing. ‘What’s going on there?’ 
Something strange was happening.
Everyone who had jumped off and could move were helping the others move away from the zeppelin, which had landed about a hundred feet away. Now, more shapes were dropping out – the creatures, who saw the stragglers and shrieked, scrambling in pursuit.
But they never reached the passengers.
The first of the creatures was almost on a woman crawling frantically away, when it suddenly screamed. It collapsed clawing at it’s own flesh, which was burning away, vaporising, baring bone and joint… with a final scream, the creature dissolved into black mist. 
It happened to the others too. The fleeing passengers turned and stopped running, stunned to see their pursuers struck down. Unholy wails filled the air, as something burned the creatures away… but what?
‘It’s the sunlight!’ Zach shouted.
Gregory saw it instantly – the creatures had all collapsed the second they had run out of the zeppelins shade.
‘Stay in the sun!’ the boys yelled to the passengers, and their cry was taken up and chanted as spectre after spectre burned away – less than a minute later, there were none left. The passengers cheered and jeered.
Their noise wasn’t enough to drown out the low rumbling sound – it was as if the very land had hummed.
‘What now?’ Zach wondered guardedly.
‘Get away from the cliffs!’ someone shouted. ‘Everybody get away from the cliffs!’
People had barely begun to move when the rumbling returned, more powerful now: it intensified to a roar in a few short seconds… the earth shuddered and Gregory was swept off his feet: he fell hard on the stone of the steps; he tried to stand, but the ground jolted again, knocking him back down. A horrible wrenching and shuddering started. The roar of tortured earth filled the air, the world, till Gregory thought his ears would burst from the noise.
Zach fell next to him: he heard people scream, a long continuous shriek that twisted in his head: instinctively and futilely he clutched at the ground: he heard children scream… saw them tumble out of the Cavern’s mouth and roll down the stone stairs.
Bile rose in Gregory’s throat, his head swam: he vomited, stomach spasming: paralysed, he prayed for the shaking to stop… he’d give anything to have it stop, to have the kids stop screaming: his stomach heaved till it was empty…and then went on heaving: Gregory groaned softly, but he couldn’t hear it.
For long seconds, and then minutes, they lay on the ground, the shaking and grumbling constant, the jolts irregular; every time Gregory got used to the rhythm, the movement changed. He had never felt so sick, so weak, before: rocks were shaken loose from the tops of the cliffs, and they fell and rolled to the beach in small avalanches: he didn’t understand why the cliffs hadn’t collapsed on them all… surely nothing could withstand this…  
Land wasn’t supposed to behave like this.
Gregory wished he could shut the kids up.
Then the earth was still, like it was supposed to be, though Gregory’s head still swam. 
After long minutes, he forced himself to his feet and took a step. 
The shaking began again, worse than before. He fell and curled up and waited for it to pass… though he didn’t care – he was never moving again, never getting up.
No one screamed now; Gregory managed to dimly wonder about the school. Why on earth hadn’t it crumbled yet? It should have fallen to a pile of rubble by now, but it stood firm, and showed not a crack.
The quake rumbled on, stopping for a few precious seconds of earthly sanity every now and then, before hell returned.
His thoughts returned to holding on, to surviving. It was all that mattered, all that he wanted, to hang on second by second, minute by minute, for every moment of this madness, to cling to his mind and self. He did it, forced himself to draw deep breaths, counted time under his breath.
Deathly silence filled the air. He didn’t know when it was that the land became still, when the earth was blessedly solid again – his head still swum… he wasn’t moving, and neither was anyone else.
Sound returned.
Gregory could hear the lake, the soft sound of small waves rolling onto the shore. He heard a bird cry, then another, but he waited till his head stopped swaying, till he was sure he wouldn’t retch.
Finally he stood. The earthquake had managed to scratch him everywhere the spectre in the pool had missed; his hands and stomach were covered in abrasions; his half-digested breakfast was all over his front; Zach was still flat on the ground (he had puked too), as were a score of children, scattered in front of the gigantic mouth of Gurukul Caverns.
‘Are… are you alright?’ Gregory asked Zach.
‘I’m fine,’ Zach said, cautiously staggering back onto his feet.
‘What’s happening today? It’s like the world’s gone bonkers. I don't understand why the school is still standing. I mean, that… that quake would have taken a fortress down.’
‘Not in Domremy City,’ Zach said. ‘Ev… every building in the capital is charmed to withstand earthquakes. Even the land is charmed, I think… this could have been much worse.’
Something tugged at Gregory’s trouser; he jumped away with a yell… but it was only a girl, about eight years old, who had crawled over, too scared to rise. 
‘You have to help,’ she whispered.
‘Don’t worry, kid, I think it’s over,’ Zach told her. ‘People will be here soon.’
‘I think she’s saying someone might be hurt in here,’ Gregory said.
He walked into the Cavern’s mouth: a long and high and vaulted corridor stretched away into darkness that was broken only by patches of sunlight streaming in here and there.
Gregory could hear faint murmurs.
Zach was still trying to comfort the girl.
‘No, please, you have to help her. Help Miss Flanders. She’s inside. She’s hurt,’ squeaked the girl, not getting up.
‘What happened to her?’ he asked.
‘I don't know. I don’t know.’
‘Calm down, girl. Where is she?’
‘In the Alchemy Corridor.’
A scream echoed from deep within the corridor. There was a sound of scuffling and somebody struggling. Gregory froze and peered into the dark, trying to discern movement, ready to sprint into the sunlight.
‘Zach?’ called Gregory.
‘Yeah?’
‘Do you think people cast spells? Like the passengers?’
 ‘How many people in there, girl?’ Zach asked.
‘Ab-about fifty.’
‘How many adults?’
The girl looked confused.
‘Focus, kid! How many grown ups?’
‘I don’t know… some.’
‘Did they cast magic? Did you see what happened?’ demanded Zach.
The girl nodded, looking terrified. ‘There was black smoke and then it jumped at her.’
There was an ominous rumble. 
Not again, Gregory thought and immediately crouched to the ground. It wasn’t a quake, though. 
He saw Zach look up in horror, sweep up the weeping girl into his arm and sprint down the stairs. Gregory would have run after him, but a thick puff of dust blew hard across the archway… followed by a cascade of rocks, boulders and earth… the floor trembled as Gregory stumbled back into the corridor a dozen paces, covering his head and face.
The landslide ended as suddenly as it had begun. Gregory coughed, and covered his nose. He blinked hard. When the dust cleared, he groaned. The archway was almost entirely blocked by a large boulder. Sunlight shone in through a shaft at the top. 
He was trapped inside Gurukul Caverns.
‘Greg? Are you alright in there?’ Zach’s shout was muffled.
‘I’m fine,’ called Gregory. He went to the boulder. ‘I don’t think I can dig my way through this. This isn’t going to move without magic is it?’ 
There was a brief silence. 
‘No.’
‘Don’t let anybody cast anything!’
‘Don’t worry, I wont. I’m going to try and get some help, alright? It could be a while, without magic. I have to walk.’
‘You go! I’ll try and find the lady that girl mentioned – Miss Flanders,’ said Gregory, sounding a lot more cheerful and brave than he felt.
‘You do that. And Greg?’
‘Yeah?’
‘Find a big stick, will you? You might need to hit something.’



CHAPTER 5
Garden Varieties
Gregory heard Zach leave.
The Cavern was eerie and quiet; there was no magic here, at the world’s most famous magical academy.
Find a stick.
Gregory wrenched a torch-holder out of the wall; the silver gleamed. 
Shafts of sunlight led his feet onward. A massive mural glowed faintly on a high wall to his right; it was a map of the Caverns, its glow was not magic, rather, the stones themselves shone with captured light. He memorised it as best as he could, and went on. There were archways in the walls to his left and right: the columns and sculptures named them: Sorcery, Runecraft, Enchantment…
Two sculptures rose from stone pedestals, their hands outstretched to hold an copper cauldron; the metal has a word inscribed into it:
ALCHEMY
He heard the snuffling as soon as he stepped into the corridor. It was soft and muted, as if from behind a door. He crept past rooms and shelves on the walls till he came upon a shoe shelf.
The sniffling was coming from inside. It sounded like a girl.
‘Uh… hello?’ Gregory said. 
The violent shriek sent him stumbling back, the silver rod in his clanging on the floor; he saw the shelf shuddering – something inside was trying to come out.
‘Who's there? Please! Don't go! Help me!’ a terrified voice called out over the shrieking, also from inside the shelf. 
‘Who are you? And what’s making that bloody noise?’ Gregory asked, getting up quickly and hoisting the stick, ready to strike.
‘It’s not me, it’s that…thing,’ wailed the voice. ‘It’s stuck… in the bottom shelf… I’m on the top! It can’t get to me – but I can’t open the door either, or it’ll come out.’
Gregory blinked. ‘You’re holding the door closed?’
‘Yes.’ 
The shrieking continued.
‘That is… how did you manage to do that exactly? Never mind. So, you can’t let yourself out. Listen, How big is this thing?’ Gregory asked. 
‘Bigger than me!’
‘How big are you?’
‘I… I’m fourteen.’
Gregory stepped back and looked over the shelf. The wooden top protruded about two inches over the sides. He peered at the joints; the two parts were interlocked together, not nailed.
‘I can get you out if I take the top off,’ Gregory said.
‘What?’
‘I want to get you out, and leave the creature in there. If we just take off the top,’ he rapped the top of the shelf for emphasis, ‘then the creature can stay there but you’ll be free.’
‘Take… the top off?’
‘Can you move your hands?’
‘No! I’m holding the door closed!’
‘Hold on,’ said Gregory. 
He walked over to the next shelf and heaved, pushed and grunted till it entirely blocked the door of the shelf with the girl and the monster inside. 
‘What did you do?’ the voice asked.
‘You can let go now, I’ve blocked the door with a shoeshelf,’ Gregory said, panting hard.
‘You’re sure?’
‘Yes. Now listen. I want you to push at the top of the shelf with everything you have, when I tell you to, alright?’
‘What if the shelf I’m on breaks?’
‘Then you’ll have squished that thing. I can’t imagine you’ll feel sorry. Ready?’
He crouched beside the shelf.
‘Now, push!’
When he heard her heaving, he rammed the underside of the protrusion with the silver torch-holder, putting his whole weight into the blow. He heard something creak and crack.
‘Again.’
Another two blows and the top flew off. 
‘Yeah, all right!’ Gregory cheered, standing up.
The first things he noticed of her were her pale legs, wiry and slender, drawn back and ready to kick. He could barely make out her face in the darkness, but thought she looked wary. Before he could say another word though, she had scrambled out of the shelf, smelling like used socks, and without so much as a word of thanks, sprinted to a door further down. 
‘Hey, wait! Where are you going?’ Gregory called, running after her.
She ignored him and hammered on an ornate wooden door. 
‘Jenny,’ she yelled.
‘What’s the matter?’ Gregory asked, catching up with her.
‘My sister’s inside. Jenny! Open up, it’s me. It’s safe. Let me in,’ she shouted.
The door opened to reveal a small girl, who was scooped up by the girl Gregory had rescued.
‘Quick, get in. Lock the door. There may be more of them,’ she said.
Gregory latched the door, and then dragged a table across it for good measure.
‘Jenny, Jenny, Jenny,’ the older girl crooned.
It was a classroom. There was a lot of blood, but he couldn’t see where it had come from. Children stood at the far end, no older than seven or eight, a couple of dozen of them. 
‘See,’ said a round and pink-faced boy, pointing at Gregory and his torch-holder. ‘Told you silver would kill them. You are here to kill them, right?’
Gregory didn’t answer. The corridor outside was suddenly noisy – it sounded as if a battle was being fought. He had closed the door just in time.
‘Do any of you know a Miss Flanders?’ Gregory asked.
Wordlessly, the boy pointed to the front of the room. 
A young woman sprawled there, her hands clasped over her stomach. It was her blood all over the classroom. She was breathing, but only just. 
‘What happened?’ Gregory asked. He wondered if his face looked as sick as he felt. He knew at once what he had to do, and he desperately wished that he didn’t.
‘It was that thing… the creep,’ the older girl said. She was pale. ‘She tried to cast something – smoke came out and became that! It had a spear.’
‘She needs a healer. Now!’
‘The Matron’s in the Sanatorium,’ said the girl he had rescued from the shelves.
‘We can’t move her in her state,’ Gregory said. ‘Got any clean linen around here?’
‘There are some aprons in the cupboard,’ Jenny said.
‘That’ll do. Get them, will you?’ Gregory said. He turned to Jenny’s sister. ‘Gotta stop the bleeding. Take the linen, fold it flat and hold it where she’s cut. If the cloth soaks through, don’t take it off or move it, just put another folded apron on top of it, and keep pressing down.’ 
Gregory was glad that some of the Director’s first aid lessons had stuck. He hoped the girl wasn’t squeamish about blood. He didn’t think he was, but he’d never seen so much of someone’s blood either. But he nursed some hope: if this Matron could help, he wouldn’t have to.
‘Take those curtains off the windows and pile them over her. Keep her warm. What’s your name?’
‘Mango,’ Jenny’s sister said.
 Jenny got the linen and began folding them.
‘I’m Gregory. Grab a stick, anything you can swing and wallop with. These creatures aren't very strong; good knocks on the head should bring them down. Now can you tell me exactly where the Sanatorium is? I don’t know this place.’
‘I can do better,’ Mango said.
She picked up an empty scroll of parchment and a piece of charcoal. In long, bold stokes she drew him a map of the school grounds and marked the Sanatorium. The task steadied her; her hand trembled less, and she breathed more easily.
‘Brilliant. I need you to do something. These creeps – they can’t take the sun. It burns them up – I saw it happen right outside. If the creeps break down the door somehow, I want you to get the kids out of the window, and into somewhere sunny. Can you do that?’
‘Yes,’ she said, in the voice of someone determined to be stubbornly brave no matter the danger she was in.
‘See you in a tic. Keep the kids safe and don't let them open the door,’ 
He jumped out of the window, and onto green grass.
Gurukul Caverns, with the long outcropping tunnel of rock that was its entrance, was laid out in the shape of a key. He stood in a sunny field encircled by the key’s inner ring, a closed circle of high cliffs. Ornate windows were scattered irregularly across the walls of these cliffs; the Caverns were carved into them. The long outcrop led to a great dome, from which rose a high tower.
Mango had marked the Sanatorium on the other side of the encircling field. He jogged east along the perimeter, keeping away from the cliffs. 
It was quiet again. 
The Sanatorium was a small round bunker. He moved silently up to entrance, and looked in. 
Two spectres were hunched over something in the middle of the room. One was small, and the other was large. They hadn't heard him. He prayed that the Matron was hidden perhaps and safe. Picking up a heavy brick from a flowerbed, he lobbed it hard at the larger spectre. The brick sailed through the door and glanced off the creature’s shoulder. 
Gregory cursed.
The creatures whirled around. Gregory had never heard such a cry, not even from a dying animal. The hair on his neck and arm rose. He stood ready to turn and run… he had to get them out into the sun.
The pygmy raced at Gregory, it’s wickedly curved knife thrust forward. Gregory gripped his silver torch-holder tightly, ready to swing… but as soon as it ran out from under the roofed pathway, it screamed in pain… in seconds it had dissolved away.
Grinning, Gregory waited for its partner to do the same.
It didn’t. The spectre stayed in the shade, wielding a slender but deadly spear. Its limbs were long, its skin just as mottled as the pygmy’s. The difference was in its eyes, which stared from Gregory to where its companion had died, its intelligence unmistakable.
It understood the rules - don’t step into the sun.
Gregory fought his dread.
‘Hyah!’ he taunted the creature, swinging his stick.
It didn’t move, but bared its teeth and swung it’s spear in wide arcs, as if daring Gregory to fight on its ground, its terms. Gregory forced a grin; the spectre was trapped and it knew that, but even then his blood chilled; he would have preferred to fight something mindless. 
He picked up another brick, letting the spectre see him. Then he lobbed it; the creature dodged. Greg threw another, again the creature evaded, screaming its fury. Gregory taunted it, shouting insults and laughing as it narrowly dodged his next missile. It tried to throw Gregory’s bricks back at him but it was too weak; they barely covered half the distance. It threw them anyway in a show of ferocity. 
Gregory jeered and continued his assault. One thrown brick finally hit the creature on the head; it fell, dazed and disoriented. Gregory dashed forward, his torch-holder ready.
The creature struck when he was three feet away, picking up the fallen spear and thrusting. Gregory’s years of dirty fighting at the orphanage saved him: he twisted his body to the left in mid-dash; the spear passed through the spot where his belly had been a second ago: he slashed down at the spear with the torch-holder: it shattered: he swung back into spectre’s head. 
It dissolved into smoke.
‘Yes!’
Gregory did a quick victory jig, remembered why he was there, and dashed into the Sanatorium.
A slender woman stood motionless against the wall, held up by the spear that had impaled her. Gregory averted his eyes from her as he rummaged through the cupboards. He found a satchel, and stuffed it with every bottle he thought he could use: a Blood Replenishing Potion, a Quick Knit salve that he had seen the Director use before, iodine, cotton bandages, and a Dissolving Solution. In a cold larder, he found chocolate, cake, sandwiches, and water.
As an afterthought, he looked around for keys and found them on the Matron. He grit his teeth, unhooked them from her belt and quickly left, locking the door behind him.
Miss Flanders was where he had left her; Mango and Jenny pressing down together on the now thick pile of linen on her wound. Gregory listened for Miss Flanders breath; it was there, weaker than a whisper, and her skin was cool.
‘She’s alive, but just.’ Gregory said.
He took out bottles, vials and salves from the satchel.
‘Where’s the Matron,’ Mango asked.
‘She’s dead. We’re gonna have to take care of her.’
‘Us? Right… right! Fine. You know what to do?’
‘Yes.’
His hands shook. He took a moment to control them, breathing deeply, going over dim memories of the Director’s classes on First Aid. He remembered the old man’s voice, drilling the procedure into the children through repetition.
She was cold, he thought. That meant she was in shock and had lost a lot of blood. She was breathing for now, so her airway was clear. All the same…
‘Mango, did you see Miss Flanders fall?’ Gregory asked.
‘What? Oh, yeah, I saw her. That thing jumped at her before chasing me out into the hallway.’
‘Did she look like she hurt her neck or back when she fell. Did you hear any bones break?’
‘Uh, no. She just hit her head a little hard on the ground when she fell.’
She might have a… a watchamacallit… a concussion, he thought. Spine should be okay.
‘Mango, bunch some aprons and put them under her neck. Make sure she can breathe freely. Put your ear close to her mouth - listen for her breath,’ Gregory said.
Mango did as she was told, for which Gregory was silently grateful.
‘Now give her this,’ Gregory said, handing her the Blood Replenishing Potion. ‘It’s charmed to go find its way into her stomach. Pour it into her mouth and make sure it’s all gone.’
Mango emptied the potion into Miss Flanders’s mouth. She gave Gregory a thumb up.
Good, she can breathe. Now, look at the wound. Part her robes. Can’t see anything for the blood. Use the clean water and wash it away. There, that's better. She’s been stabbed in the left side of her belly. It’s a long, filthy looking cut. Spine probably not injured. I can move her. Slow the bleeding; put the wound at a level higher than the heart; it’ll slow the bleeding.
‘Mango, I’m going to lift her. Bunch up a lot of curtains and put them under her hips when I do.’ Gregory waited as Mango frantically ripped more curtains off the windows. She returned with an armful.
‘Ready? One, two, three!’ He lifted Miss Flanders; Mango hurriedly stuffed the blankets under her. When Gregory put Miss Flanders down, the wound was a good few inches higher off the ground than the heart.
‘Make sure she can still breathe,’ Gregory said.
Now, clean the wound, sterilize it. Pour the iodine over it. That’ll do.
Mango started when Miss Flanders whimpered. ‘That hurts?’
‘More than you ever want to know.’ Gregory had had the Bobbin pour iodine on a great many cuts.
Seal the wound as best as you can. Use the Quick-Knit salve. Rub it gently into the wound; work your way in form the end. Get a thick layer of it into the gash, till you can’t see her flesh inside. Don’t bother with wiping the blood now: the salve will absorb it. Get more clean linen and hold it to the cut. Cover it. Wait for a minute.
Gregory counted the seconds in his head. When he lifted the cloth, heart in his mouth, the skin over the wound was knitting itself back, forming a rough scar. He looked at Miss Flanders’s face; her gray pallor had vanished.
He sat back.
Mango had seen the change in Miss Flanders’s skin too. ‘That’s it? That’s all? She’s gonna be okay?’
‘I don’t know. I’ve done everything I know how. Do you know where the dustbin is?’
Jenny pointed it out to him: Gregory rushed over and retched for a second time that day, though his stomach was still empty. 
Never, ever, ever again, he thought.
‘Miss Flanders is gonna be okay,’ yelled Jenny to the other children.
Mango covered Miss Flanders with the curtains. She bunched up the remaining clean aprons and put them under her head as a pillow.
‘Where did you learn to do that?’ Mango asked admiringly.
‘This really old man taught me,’ said Gregory, his voice echoing from inside the metal bucket. ‘So tell me, what happened here, and how many people are there in the school right now?’
‘Uh, the Faculty Picnic was today, after the details for the coming term were hammered out. Jenny is my cousin and her mother, my aunt, teaches here, and she invited me to see the grounds before I joined the school in September.’
‘How many adults in the school?’
‘Including Miss Flanders and the Matron? About fifteen.’
‘And all these kids belong to them? No other kids in school apart from them?’
‘That’s right. Miss Flanders was babysitting us.’
‘And the other adults, where are they?’
‘In the Faculty Tower.’
Gregory frowned. 
‘Let’s do the math. Thirteen adults. Assuming they all tried to cast spells, they must have spawned at least one of the creatures. Surprised, they cast spells a second time, not realizing where the creatures came from. Now, these things may be weak, but they had surprise on their side. With their added numbers, they may have easily overwhelmed the grownups.’
‘You’re just guessing,’ scoffed Mango nervously. 
‘Maybe, but I think that's how it played out for the Matron.’
Mango didn’t ask what happened to the Matron. ‘What do we do now?’
‘We should get outside.’ Gregory emerged and wiped his mouth clean.
‘What? What about those things?’ Mango asked.
‘They don’t like sunlight,’ said Gregory, quickly narrating his fight with the spectres outside the sanatorium. ‘I think they’ve infested the building, but I’m betting that not a one of them will be roaming around outside.’
‘Even if that’s true, what about the night?’ Mango asked.
‘We can hole up in the Sanatorium. I thought about it. It’s got a single door and the windows can be blocked. It’s not connected to the main building, so we could lock ourselves in.’
‘We’re going to get hungry,’ said Mango.
‘No, we won’t. There’s a whole larder packed with cakes and sandwiches there. I got some – take a look in my bag if you want some now. Give the kids some.’
Mango went through the bag. The sight of food galvanized everyone except Gregory. The children quickly bit into the bread and chocolate, as did Mango.
‘Oi, hafe shome,’ said Mango through a thick mouthful. ‘Youf hearnt it.’
Gregory shook his head; he was still shaking. 
‘I’m never eating again.’
After the food was gone, the atmosphere in the room was actually cheerful.
‘Where’d you come from?’ Mango asked.
‘I… I was in an airship,’ Gregory said. 
He didn’t feel like telling his strange story again, so instead, he quietly told her how the carpets had fallen, how the zeppelins had crashed and burned, how the spectres had been everywhere, how he’d jumped into the pond, and how he’d become trapped in the Caverns.
‘It’s like magic just died,’ Gregory said. ‘But then the salves and potions I used on Miss Flanders shouldn't have worked either.’
‘So there’s something wrong with the caster?’ Mango said. ‘That, or the connection between instruments and user. Useless to think about it. We can’t know and it doesn't change anything. What do we do now?’ 
‘Well, we could try and find the grown-ups?’ said Gregory. ‘They might know how to fight these things.’
‘Yeah, let’s take on a horde of monsters all alone. Good plan! I thought it was gonna be something dangerous!’
‘You come up with something then!’ 
‘Let’s just get out of here. Run for the entrance. If we make it through the archway alive, that’s it. Those things can’t get at us in the sunlight, you said.’
‘Great idea. Why didn't I think of that? By the way, do you know how to move to move a few tonnes of rock?’ 
‘Huh?’
‘The landslide!’
‘Oh… we’re trapped until someone figures out a way to clear the rocks… without magic?’
‘Yep.’
‘This couldn’t get better.’
‘Yep.’
‘So what do we do?’ asked Mango, frightened.
Gregory held his head in his hands.
‘We should get to the Sanatorium… it’s separate from the main building, and there’s more food and medicine there.’
‘And when the sun goes down?’ Mango asked tensely. ‘Those creeps are going to be everywhere!’
‘It’s still morning. Let's check around the cliffs… we might find a way to climb out of from here. If not… we’ll see. Anything’s better than waiting for a door to be knocked in.’
Mango nodded. 
They fashioned a makeshift stretcher out of curtain rods and curtains for Miss Flanders. Somehow they managed to hoist her out of the window, and the whole party, including the children, set off.
Gregory stopped them some distance short of the Sanatorium. ‘Tell the kids to wait here.’
He led Mango into the Sanatorium; she saw the Matron and turned away, pressing her face to the wall. 
‘We can’t let the kids see her,’ Gregory said in a tight voice. He took a deep breath and jerked the spear out of the lifeless woman; she crumpled to the ground. ‘We have to put her behind the building.’ 
After that was done, Mango threw up into the grass. They cleaned up the Sanatorium as best as they could, washing away the blood.
‘Call the kids in,’ Gregory said, sweeping the fallen vials and bottles into a bag.
Mango found some board games under the bed; the kids were quickly distracted, except for a few who just looked grey and were quiet.
‘Let’s see if the grown-ups are still around,’ Mango said, her face hard.
The high tower was called the Faculty Tower.
‘Hey, is anybody still alive in there?’ Gregory called.
‘Hello,’ Mango followed up. 
A window on the third level opened, and somebody looked down at them. 
‘Mango, is that you?’ it called.
‘Auntie! Yes, it’s me.’
‘Where’s Jenny? Where are the other kids? Where’s Miss Flanders?’ The woman was nearly hysterical.
‘They’re in the Sanatorium. They’re safe!’
Mango’s aunt turned back into the room; Gregory heard a loud cheer from above. A number of other windows popped open and more heads looked down.
‘Well, thank heavens,’ Mango’s aunt yelled down. ‘We all went looking for you and almost died of fright when we found no one in the classroom. Why didn't you stay there? And who’s with you?’ 
‘This is Gregory. He helped us. He saved Miss Flanders’s life. He took us all to the Sanatorium.’
‘Mango, I want you to go back into the San and stay there. Do it now. There are some strange creatures running about. Lock yourself in!’
‘It’s safe out here for now. Those things can’t go out in the sun. I’ve seen them.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Listen to her, ma’am,’ Gregory shouted up. ‘The sunlight burns those things up. Stay out of the shadows, and you’re safe.’
Mango’s aunt said something to the others up there with her. She turned back to Gregory.
‘Look, we can’t come down anymore. An army of those things followed us up here after we didn’t find you! The second level is crawling with those things!’
‘Ma’am, I don't know if you’re aware, but the main entrance out of here is blocked. There was a landslide.’
‘Yes, I know. We saw it.’
‘Well, you must know that you can’t use spells anymore. That means the stones outside have to be removed without magic, and that could take to well over a day.’
‘What are you getting at?’
‘I’m saying that we’ll have to spend at least a night in here. And if night falls, then those creatures could go anywhere. They might figure out a way to get to you… to us.’
‘That won’t happen if we stay put and lock ourselves down. Now you listen to me. I want you to board up the Sanatorium windows as best you can. Lock yourself in and sit tight till help arrives.’
‘Ma’am, the whole country could be facing the same situation that we are. Help might not arrive as soon as you think.’
‘You want to fight these creatures, boy? Listen here, there are nine grown adults up here who tried to fight those things and failed. There were thirteen of us – now three of us are dead, three are unconscious, and three are so badly injured I don’t know if they’ll survive the night. There are more than twenty of these things running about inside the school and there are too few of us to take them on. Don't be a fool!’
‘As you say ma’am. I hope you’re right,’ Gregory shouted up. ‘Do you need any medicine? I used some on Miss Flanders and they still work. The San is full of them.’ 
‘Yes! Gods, yes! We’ll let down some string. Send up a bit of everything!’
Five minute later, a bag bulging with bottles, vials, cotton and food taken from the Sanatorium’s cupboard swung its way up the Faculty Tower.
‘Thank you, boy – Gregory. Now get yourself to safety quickly,’ Mango’s aunt said.
‘Yes, ma’am!’
Mango’s aunt withdrew into the building. 
‘We’re not going to sit tight like she said, are we?’ Mango said to Gregory.
‘And wait for those things to come and howl outside my doorstep? I don't think so,’ snorted Gregory. 
‘We’re going to kill them, right?’ Mango asked, grinning.
He was starting to like her.
‘Yes, we are.’



CHAPTER 6
Garden Varieties II
A garden sundial told Gregory that it was eleven in the morning.
‘We don’t have until sunset,’ Mango said. ‘The sun will go behind the cliffs a little earlier – around three, I think. This whole place will be in shadow, and the creeps will come out to play.’
‘Four hours, then,’ Gregory said.
He and Mango went over the base of the circular Faculty Tower, which led into the field at the north, west and east exits. The eastern exit led into a wide and deep open amphitheater. The western exit led to a large training ground.
It was the northern exit that drew Gregory’s attention. The broad path from the door led to a shrine of sorts, a cavernous and beautiful room made entirely out of flowering bamboo.  
‘In Helika, they usually build this stuff up for the Observant gods,’ Mango told Gregory, ‘but we’ve done it for everyone who helped make the Caverns, or contributed somehow.’ 
Stone sculptures on pedestals lined the pathway, five to a side. A large stone gargoyle protruded from the wall above the northern exit door
‘What do you think?’ asked Mango.
‘The general idea is simple: get those things out into the sun and don’t let them back in.’
‘You’d need bait to get them out,’ Mango said.
‘We have bait. You and me.’
‘Nope, just you.’
‘Just me, then. Now anything that dislikes the sun, generally dislikes fire.’ Gregory thought hard. ‘This north door will be perfect.’
He explained his plan to Mango.
They quickly gathered supplies from anywhere and everywhere: long coils of rope; an old and large sheet of canvas that was hung over the training grounds to provide shade; a ladder; Mango found jars of diluted animal fat, bottles of pure alcohol, rags, empty bottles and matches from the cupboards of the alchemy class they had vacated earlier; Gregory removed a large and thin steel plaque from one of the sculptures. 
They carried these, huffing and puffing, to the north door. The canvas was especially heavy, and it took both of them, pulling with all their might, to drag it. 
Mango was nervous about the last item that Gregory wanted: two-metre-square decorative fences from the shrine. They were made of thin but tough bamboo strips, bound with hemp fibre.
‘Relax, I wouldn’t take these if the shrine belonged to a god or something,’ Gregory assured Mango. ‘These guys are just people. They don't mind.’ 
‘Oh, you’d take it even from the gods. The difference is you’d say thank you,’ Mango muttered but otherwise didn’t object.
They worked quickly, racing against the sun, keeping an eye on the door to make sure no spectre could surprise them with an early arrival.
They used the ladder to climb. He tied the ends of two coils of rope to the gargoyle’s neck and descended. He and Mango then climbed the stone statues and looped the ropes around the neck of each, stringing them in two chains of four sculptures a side. 
The hardest part was throwing the canvas over the ropes: the cloth was extremely heavy and unwieldy. They tossed it over the section connecting the gargoyle to the right chain of statues first, dragging it up the ladder, over the rope and down the ladder, then back up the ladder to throw the canvas over the left side. The painful task of unfurling the canvas over the two thirds of the pathway was next; it took them an hour to cover sixteen yards.
They piled six of the thin bamboo fences and tied them together so they wouldn’t slip or slide. They leaned the strengthened fence next to the door. 
Finally, they doused the entire setup in the animal fat and alcohol.
Exhausted, sweating, dusty, and aching, they surveyed their booby-trap; two-thirds of the pathway was now under shade, and two parts under the bright sun.
‘If this works, you’re a genius,’ panted Mango.
Gregory nodded, too winded to speak.
‘If it doesn’t though, I’ll kill you,’ she promised.
Mango climbed onto the gargoyles neck and sat astride it. 
‘They won’t be able to see you when they come out. I’ll signal you. You know what to do,’ Gregory said.
Mango nodded. They were ready.
Two hours till sundown.
Gregory picked up the steel plaque and the silver candlestick. He strode up to the north door and stared the down the empty and silent hallway. He took a deep breath, and beat the plaque for all he was worth, making an intense clanging and clashing.
‘Come on then you stinking troglodytes, come on out here, I’m right where you want me, all hundred and twenty pounds of juicy human flesh, first come first serve, served fresh, have it nice and hot, food on the trot,’ roared Gregory.
Above him, on her gargoyle seat, Mango burst out laughing. 
‘That’s right, it’s a free meal, a special deal, for the screaming banshee and little pygmy, the ugly goblin and the vile gremlin, offer closes ere the sun sleeps, don't miss your chance to meet your meat!’
Mango’s peals of laughter must have carried up; a head poked out of a window on the third level and looked down.
‘Mango, what in the world are you doing? Get down from there at once!’
‘In a bit Aunt Audrey,’ Mango shouted back. ‘The view’s better from up here.’
‘Don’t get cheeky with me, young lady. I’ll have you….’
Gregory never heard her threat. 
One by one the spectres rushed into hallway from unseen corners, shrieking, screaming and yapping eerily. They looked around for the source of the noise and saw Gregory standing in the doorway. They surged towards him with some enthusiasm, pushing one another aside to get there first, running incredibly fast. 
‘Mango, they’re here,’ he croaked, suddenly afraid again, backing away quickly from the doorway. He raced down the pathway.
The spectres burst out of the door: they were fast; Gregory felt a hand grab his shoulder from behind, claw-like and strong: he stumbled, and for one terrifying second, thought he’d been a little too smart for his own good: but then his forward momentum carried him and his attacker into the sunlight. 
Whatever was on top of him screamed horribly and Gregory smelt burning, rotting flesh; the creature dissolved into dark mist.
Gregory threw the spectre off and scrambled to his feet. Just as before, the sun struck down spectre after spectre, until only the more intelligent of the horde remained, screaming their displeasure at Gregory.
Gregory counted; there were twelve left.
‘Eleven dead!’ he yelled up to Mango. 
That fit perfectly into his estimates. None of the spectres were near the door back into the building.
‘Mango, NOW,’ he shouted. He distracted the creatures with taunts and stone, something he was getting quite good at.
Mango jumped off the gargoyle and rolled to a safe distance. None of the creatures noticed her. She picked up an innocuous rope and pulled; the strengthened bamboo fenced slid across the doorway, blocking it. The spectres were trapped, but they were too busy flinging stones back at Gregory to notice.
She struck a match, and set the canvas on fire.
‘What do you think you’re doing, young man? Stop that at once!’
Gregory decided he didn't like Mango’s aunt very much. Several other heads popped out of the window to see what the ruckus was about.
In an instant, the alcohol-and-fat-soaked canvas was ablaze. The flames roared into life, radiating sudden and intense heat. Gregory and Mango recoiled from the blast of hot air. The deathly creatures standing under the flaming canopy wailed, howled, screamed and shrieked, an unbelievable cacophony of agony. They rushed at the bamboo barricade, but that was aflame too, and they couldn’t get close.
Exhilarated, Gregory ran to pick up the bottles of alcohol. He had stuffed rags down their mouths earlier. Mango set the ends of the rags alight, and Gregory flung them at the beleaguered horrors. The glass shattered at their feet and sprayed alcohol everywhere. The burning rag set the fluid alight; the spectres were assailed by fire from both heaven and earth.
Those of the spectres that tried to run out of the canopy were struck down by sunlight. In moments they writhed into nothingness, yet still more of their ilk followed, desperate to escape the flames. 
They died.
The fire burned through the rope holding the canvas; the canopy collapsed, trapping the entire horde of undead under it. Finally, the intense heat blew the ashes of the canopy into the air: the last of the spectres died by flame and sun.
The massacre was over in minutes.
Gregory and Mango watched the flames for sometime, dark with ash, sweating and dirty, but with a roaring and soaring feeling in their hearts that almost made them giddy.
‘It worked,’ said Mango.
‘Yeah,’ said Gregory.
‘You’re a genius. I’m not going to kill you.’
‘I know,’ Gregory said.
‘What in curses did you just do?’ shouted Aunt Audrey from above, sounding very like a flaming ghoul.
‘They just took care of our little undead problem,’ cried a jubilant voice. ‘Bravo, children, bravo.’
It was hard to make out the new speaker after the blindness brought on by the fire. From the ground, he seemed to have a head of thick shock white hair that was very similar to Director Hughes’s.
‘They could have been killed!’
‘But they weren’t. They’re heroes,’ yelled back the white haired gentleman, then shouted down at the victorious duo – ‘Hear that? You’re heroes!’
Gregory and Mango’s efforts paid off well; the grown-ups didn’t see any spectres while coming down. Parents rushed to reunite with their children; Mango’s aunt rushed to check on Jenny.
The white haired gentleman’s name was Rathborne Briggs, and he was the Professor of Wizardry at Minerva’s Cavern. He was tall, broad shouldered, and spoke with a booming, affable voice.
‘Brilliant job, you two, absolutely devastating, what?’ he said, shaking Gregory and Mango’s hands enthusiastically when he met them.
‘What?’ said Gregory.
‘Nonsense, don’t be shy. It was pure genius, what you two did. I saw the whole thing. You had me right curious about what you were up to.’
‘Err, thanks.’
‘Now, I already know this lovely young lady’s name; delighted to meet you Miss Piper,’ Professor Rathborne said, tipping his head. ‘But, I’ve not been fortunate enough to make you acquaintance, young sir.’
‘Gregory Grey. Please to meet you.’
‘I can’t place your name. New in town?’
‘Yessir.’
‘Excellent.’ The old man’s face became sombre. ‘Three of our faculty departed for Gaia’s embrace today – a tragic loss. They were all gifted in their fields.’
‘Well, at least the Cavern wasn’t burnt down,’ Audrey Piper sniffed. She had come back with Jenny in her arms. ‘The flames might have gotten into the library.’
Gregory was beginning to develop an intense dislike for Professor Piper. He bit back a cutting retort. Instead he said, ‘Wouldn’t the wards have protected them?’
‘Don’t be silly. How could wards possibly work without a magical field? If you hadn't noticed, magic isn't behaving itself today,’ Professor Piper said.
‘The medicines and the salves worked,’ argued Gregory.
‘Of course they did. Why wouldn't they?’
Gregory could have throttled her.
‘Now, Audrey dear, be fair. These children haven’t started even the most basic classes yet. How could they guess what does and doesn’t work when magic is corrupted?’
‘I doubt anyone can claim to truly know the nature of magic after today’s events. There will be much panic over this, mark my words. I can hardly wait for the magic to come back,’ Audrey Piper said, and went off to look over the children.
Mango, silent throughout this exchange, now yawned hugely. 
‘Good gracious, you must be tired,’ exclaimed Professor Rathborne. ‘Do forgive me for keeping you. There are beds in the Sanatorium, yes? Have something from the larder and get some rest. You’ve earned it.’
‘Not just yet,’ Gregory said. 
‘What’s the matter?’ Mango and Rathborne asked together.
‘Some of those things are smart – they might not have come rushing out with the rest… they may still be in the shadows. And if they are… we can’t wait till dark to hunt them out – we have to do it now.’
Mango groaned, but Rathborne nodded.
‘You’re right... but I think us teachers will take care of that,’ he said. ‘Why don’t the two of you go and get some sleep.’
As Gregory and Mango headed for the Sanatorium, Gregory felt that something important had been said. Inside, another professor had already stretched himself out on the broadest bed he could find, somehow sprawling his small frame across all of it; he was incredibly weedy.
Gregory pulled out a rolled mattress, cleared the babbling kids to a side, and fell asleep before he could grasp his stray thought. 
He woke once in the evening, when the Cavern was in shadow, and the sky pink. The beds had been taken up by the injured; he saw Mango’s aunt on one of them, her arm heavily bandaged. His silver torch-holder tucked into his belt, Gregory went out.
Rathborne sat alone, outside the door, a ceremonial looking sword in his lap.
‘We found five more,’ the older man said. ‘We got rid of them, and Audrey got a nasty scratch on her arm, but nothing worse happened. Good call, boy.’
‘They were powerful, weren’t they?’ Gregory asked. ‘Stronger than the others you fought before?’
‘Why do you think so?’
‘Smarter usually means stronger.’
‘Yes… the one that scratched Audrey – it was almost cunning.’
‘Do you have any guesses why some of the creeps are stronger or smarter than others?’
‘Stronger spells means stronger… creeps, I think,’ Rathborne said.
‘Why is this happening?’
‘Scared, boy?’
‘Shouldn’t I be?’ Gregory spat bitterly. ‘I was gonna get an instrument, maybe start learning magic. And now, this happens.’
‘You think you’re scared?’ Rathborne scoffed. ‘I’ve tried, and succeeded somewhat, I think, to curb my reliance on magic. I do many things without it: cook, ride from one place to another, rearrange my furniture – small daily actions that most of us don’t even think about.’
He held up his sword. 
‘Yet, my work was bound up in it, as was my leisure. Without it, I have nothing. The parents of my students… they’re scared. I patrolled the corridors with them twice – I don’t think they’ve ever been in a fight without magic; I had to teach them how to swing a stick. They say they’ll look into the fighting arts once this whole mess is done with… and not one of them dared to say we might never have magic again… I don’t believe they’ve even dared to think it.
‘I can fight. If pushed for work, I could serve as a guard, or a peacekeeper, or a trainer. But what will they do? Where will the millions of once-mages go?’
‘Out of the city, like the rest of the world,’ Gregory said.
‘You think so?’
‘Why wouldn’t they? There wouldn’t be all this stupid mage privilege.’
‘An angry liberal!’ Rathborne guffawed. ‘But you have faith! Do you believe that the – ah, privileged – will take easily to the demotion? If magic doesn’t return… well, your battle against the creeps won’t hold a candle against the bloodbath to come!’
Gregory did not argue.
‘So why is this happening?’ he asked.
‘I don’t know. I have no guesses. Smarter men than me will meditate on that. Idiots will claim it’s the wrath of gods. No one will agree with another. If you have people you love, boy, stick to them. It’s easier to fight for your friends. Now, please, let me be.’
Walking away, Gregory heard Rathborne blow his nose.
The statues that had held Gregory and Mango’s flaming canvas were charred.
Gregory felt a twinge of guilt; the sculptures had been quite beautiful. Rathborne’s disquieting words played in his head: is this what the once-magical world might look like, if no one could ever again cast a spell? 
The Faculty Tower soared high; its topmost floors still golden with the sun. It looked magical even now: how long would it last? 
Gregory knew what revolutions were like; he knew how much blood Osmundiaz Occilox had spilt in his quest to separate church from state. Yet even the First Reflective King, more than a thousand years ago, had been horrified by the book burnings his zealous new subjects had perpetrated. The young country had not been educated; they had no love of books, and the beauty of the knowledge within them. All they knew was this: the cruel Shamanate derived its power from books. The angry people of the then young Kingdom of Domremy had tried their best to eliminate every remnant of religious authority, and in their anger, had destroyed many precious writings that had nothing to do with religion, but were kept in the temple libraries.
Gurukul Caverns had no religious leaning. Its library held texts and books, but only of magical learning.
Books that Gregory had dreamed of possessing since the day he first saw a zeppelin.
Books that had been, until now, beyond his reach, and the reach of everyone born too poor to learn magic.
Gregory remembered his own fury at being told he would never learn magic; he remembered feeling small and humiliated at the Earl’s kindly condescension.
He imagined the Faculty Tower’s windows burning with the light of books on fire; flaming manuscripts being tossed out, as a long underprivileged people razed every memory of their oppressors… annihilated every symbol of their oppression. 
He knew then, why Rathborne had wanted to cry alone, to weep in fear of the death of a culture… a science… a way of thought… a way of life…
If magic did not return, there would be blood. The anger of the Mundanes would overwhelm those who had once been Mages.
The Cavern and the books within its libraries, un-warded and unguarded without magic, would burn.
Gregory suddenly shivered with excitement, remembering:
‘You should look up your parent’s old academic records at the Cavern library – I hear they have a written record of every kid who ever attended.’
Zach had said that, this very morning: there could not be a more perfect moment to retrieve them; and Gregory would damn himself before he let his few links to his parents burn.
There was no one watching him; pulling the silver torch-holder from his belt, Gregory strode into the north door.
Where should he look for the library? He remembered the shining mural at the Cavern entrance; minutes later, he stood panting in front of it. The library was underground! – a massive subterranean extension of the Faculty tower, very close to the north door.
Another short run later, he stood gazing down from the top of a gigantic rock chamber that circled a huge central pillar. There were at least five circular galleries carved into the chamber, and each of them stuffed with more books than Gregory had seen in his life. Light shone in through skylights, and some mysterious trick of architecture distributed that light evenly over the whole cavern.
For a long minute, Gregory stood struck dumb by the vastness of the magical lore beneath his feat. He felt a great longing and greater sadness: all the promises of magic in his sight; he could scarcely believe that he might never fulfil them now. Shaking his head, he set off on his search.
Directions carved into the library pathway’s floor let him to Academic Histories. The records were wonderfully organised by year and name: a mere ten minutes later, Gregory held his treasure: two thick folders that bore the names Veracity Lake and Vincent Grey.
He wanted to tear into them immediately, but light was fading fast, and he didn’t want to be stuck in a forbidding Cavern in complete darkness. Tucking the folders into his shirt, he ran back up the galleries.
A split second before he could exit the Library, indistinct voices scared him right back inside; he did not feel like explaining his evening adventure. A patrol of three passed by; to Gregory’s relief, they did not step into the Library. He peered out, and thought he recognised the weedy looking professor among them. He waited till their footsteps and voices were faint and then stepped out.
The scream split the darkening corridors; Gregory jumped and yelled, but the scream had been human, not spectre – he was sure of it. He looked back the way the patrol had gone… a flash of light at the corridor’s turn cast unrecognisable shapes on the wall: a frantic figure sprinted back… Gregory crouched, and in the darkness, it sped right by him: there was another flash… the shadows moved strangely, and Gregory thought he saw three figures in them: he shoved his parent’s records in a space behind a mural of some kind, and torch-holder ready, ran to fight. There was another flash… only two shadows now… the smaller lunged away from the larger, and Gregory saw the weedy professor appear in front of him, trying to crawl away, pleading:
‘Noooo… please! I’m sorry, I’m sorry… I’ll tell them, I’ll confess, I swear! Don’t-’
Another flash of light: the wall showed a huge shadow hulking over the fallen man, long fingers curled around his neck, choking his words… the shadow’s head turned, and Gregory knew it saw him, but surprise and speed carried him into the turning.
Dark mist made solid… round eyes that shone with cold white light when they saw Gregory… thrice as tall as the boy whose torch-holder clanged to the ground in his fright… a sharp and claw like finger that pierced Gregory and flooded him with icy chill… and a keening sound that filled the darkness outside.
Darkness bloomed behind Gregory’s eyes.



Chapter 6.1
Lesley's Diary - Sentinel In My Head - July 14, 1909
I have a question for you.
How do I know I am me? What makes me… me? A different way to ask this question would be: could I share my brain with another mind?
Think of the brain as a thick, dense and unexplored wood or small forest. All around it are green plains (the world outside the brain/forest) on all sides. The green plain has more forests and woods scattered around it (other brains). Strange creatures (information and ideas) run between these forests, bringing seeds from one of them to another. 
Now, when an idea-creature enters a forest it hasn’t been through before, it must forge a new path. It finds a weak opening and it pushes through until it can get to a nice place to plant the seeds from the other forest. It then goes back the way it came, to get more seeds.
If it goes back and forth enough times, the idea-creature won’t need to fight into the forest anymore; that’s because it has worn down a proper path to use, with all the bush and brush cleared away or trodden down. 
That path was at first only a thought. The more an idea uses a thought-path, the clearer and stronger that thought-path becomes, until one day, it’s become a habit-path (it’s the only path that idea uses and will continue to use in the future).
The book said a mind is a collection of all these thought-path and habit-paths all criss-crossing and intersecting with each other. Which makes sense, sort of. And if you look at that mind-map from above, it still seems no one could share your brain, because the second an alien-idea-creature entered, you could immediately tell it was there (it would cross and meet your own habit and thought paths).
But that book forgot one thing – there’s more than one level to a forest, and there’s more than one level to a brain. A map of the forest from above will only see front-ness and back-ness, and left-ness and right-ness… but it won’t see up-ness and down-ness. 
And that’s why I’m scared.
Forests, like brains, have up-ness (trees), and alien-monkey-idea-creatures (AMIC) can obviously move everywhere on those trees – without EVER reaching down to the ground. There are a million pathways up there that I haven’t ever learned to use, where an AMIC could go. 
And if my though-paths and habit-paths are all on the ground, then I couldn’t ever meet the alien-monkey-idea-creatures without learning to climb trees myself. 
The only thing I could do is look up, and even then I could not be sure it was actually where I was looking; after all, up-ness is a much larger place than the ground – the alien-monkey-idea-creature could be anywhere (including the ground, because even on the ground, I can’t be everywhere at once). You could only know it was there by noticing small changes that it makes in the forest.
I am scared, because I can notice too many small changes:
I dream of weirdest things, like cold stars and weird void monsters, and I’m sleeping like a log.
I eat a lot more, and I eat more often; if I’m not munching, I feel hungry sometimes in less than an hour.
I am distracted and absent-minded, and when I focus again, I can’t remember what distracted me.
I’ve lost all my hair (ok, so that’s a big change).
I’m hungering, to learn, to read, and to understand… even the things I already know (it’s funny how many things I remember wrong).
I’m remembering things that aren’t possible (like a walking, talking boulder sized flower) and I don’t know if I’m confusing my memories with my dreams.
I remember what happened at Mount Rosermeyer, and I shouldn’t, because I was freaking unconscious. But I remember all of it, because last night, I dreamt it, and now I can recall it all.
Or, to put it in short, I think a little bit of me, is not me.
I think the Sentinel is in my head.
I think it wants to take over.
I think it did take over for a while – that’s the only way to explain how I woke up hundreds of miles from Mount Rosermeyer. 
It’s also the only explanation I can find for what they’re calling the Voidmark
I did, after all, open the Cradle.
Mother and Father should be so proud. After all, it’s not everyday you have a Demon Queen for a daughter.



CHAPTER 6.2
Lesley's Diary - The Dream - July 15, 1909
They were waiting for us. 
The Cradle was pretty as a painting, which is weird. You wouldn’t think that demons cared about where they slept, but this one had a nice stone shrine decorated with flowers, bonsai, murals, and everything. A magic slice of spring atop a snowy mountain.
And that massive emerald. Who knew emeralds got that big – perhaps as large as my hand. It was carved. I thought it was a rune, but Margaery said it was a glyph, a really ancient sort of rune that no one knows how to write anymore. 
The glyph spelt out the demon’s name, which I couldn’t read, but I told it mine – mother told me to sketch my name onto it in runic form. 
And that should have been the last thing I remember, because my very next memory is of Winnie feeding me chicken soup.
But I remember seeing the emerald break and the creature inside put out roots that dug into me. I remember feeling so happy that it terrified me, and feeling hot and cold and tall and small at the same time. 
It was like falling into an ocean that was in me and around me – I was the ocean! It was like being blooded again, only much, much more.
And I remember the small army that appeared out of nowhere. They broke Margaery’s shields, and fought her, Kwame and Lulu. I remember being confused, and trying to move towards them, but being too weak to move. 
We thought we had been so careful, what with all our wards, and hover-walks, snow-white outfits. We must have tripped some sort of alarm, even though we didn’t detect any, and we checked – frequently.
Margaery fell first, then Lulu, then Kwame. They brought down twelve before falling themselves – I counted. I couldn’t hear any of it for some reason.
I didn’t even realise they had died until I dreamt it, and I woke up.
Where did the men come from? I think they were already there, around the mountain, waiting. They might even have been looking for the cradle, though I’m not sure. 
They were after me, not the Cradle. Why else would they wait for me to open the cradle? Why else not just attack once Margaery revealed the cradle? They must have wanted a Trueblood – me.
Which in turn means that they don’t have their own Trueblood.
I went to Margaery, and tried to wake her. One of them cast some sort of spell from me. I remember being in pain, but I can’t remember what the pain felt like, only thinking that I didn’t know anything could hurt so much. I could hear two screams, one of which was my own, and the other inside my head.
I think they were trying to pull the demon out of me, and it wouldn’t leave.
I remember becoming angry, and the ocean vanishing from around me, though it was still inside me. One of them put on something golden.
Their spells failed. The earth shook, the mountain opened up, and they fell into it.
I fell into it too.
And then there was chicken soup.



CHAPTER 6.3
Lesley's Diary - Odd Jobs - July 16, 1909
Something strange happened today. A detail of healers and spooks went around camp fixing this stupid device onto everyone’s arms. It’s white, and woody and ugly, and it itches. They said it was for some blood census health project, whatever that means. The really unnerving bit was when they brought out this ugly, shrivelled, dead looking leaf, slapped it onto my other arm, and it started drinking my blood! It actually curled around my arm like some kind of wormy leech, stabbed a barb into my vein, and went from dead and grey-looking to blooming bright red in a minute. 
It’s the wrongest thing that’s ever happened to me (setting aside pre-school guest lectures on royal duties to a bunch of snot nosed brats. I like to think some of the kids still haven’t stopped crying.)
In other news, I need someone to congratulate me! I have a job! I am (as the camp brochure puts it) gainfully employed. My first job ever! The pay is lousy, the hours are ridiculous, my boss is a fat and smelly letch, my colleague is a fluffy headed idiot, and my clients can’t spell their own names. 
I am… the Listmaker.
It’s amazing the kind of cushy jobs you can find for just being able to read and write.
People pour into camp everyday (new clusters of shacks come up every day), and their details: name, age, faith, family, possessions, previous addresses and so on and so forth must be neatly drawn up and registered and filed with the Camp Registrar. They’ve put at the Incoming Desk, at the camp’s West Gate, which Angie the ex-forest-belle to my right, Riordan the current-Imperial-White, and Borix, the supervisor with his own smelly office share with me.
Angie helps me inventory the incoming’s stuff, and labels them. Riordan screams at the incoming and me that we’re not here to chit-chat. And Boris comes out once in a while to creep Angie and I out. 
I supposed I ought to write down exactly how I got here.
Winnie says she found me stumbling around in the forest, disoriented, hairless, and extremely feverish just before she had to pack up and move to camp. She had to pack up and move to camp because the farm she and Emil ran had become too vulnerable to bandit attacks. Since I’ve recovered, people keep looking at me as if I was some kind of animal out of a zoo, thanks to my hairless state (even my eyebrows and lashes are gone). Thankfully, there’s a wigmaker, of all things, in the camp, and she’s kindly loaned me a sassy, red affair.
How did I end up stumbling around in the forest? Ask the bloody demon.
I’m bored right now though, so I think I’ll tell you about the people in camp.
Winnie and Emil: 
It’s hard not to like someone who wakes you out of delirium with a bowl of chicken soup. Winnie looks lost and talks sad. She’s kind and small and smells like barley. She smiles a lot, though I think that’s more out of habit than actual feeling. She dotes on Emil, who dotes on her. Together, they used to manage the Greene farms as its Elders. They say that the whole farm was in one way or the other related to them. The farm’s gone now, but some people from there survived the Voidmark and the bandits and made it to camp. They’ve been put in charge as civilian administrators of the West Gate. Emil has a stave; Winnie, of all things, has a nose brooch. I think Winnie wants to adopt me. It could even be nice.
Charlie: 
Emil’s great nephew is abnormally tall, abnormally thin, abnormally pimpled, and quite normally infatuated with me. He can’t stop looking at my head. To be fair, I couldn’t either when I first saw what my skull really looked, and I have to admit, I have a fetching skull. That he doesn’t mind that I don’t have eyebrows is at once sweet and unsettling. He keeps bringing the cutest little gifts. I accept them because its polite, but I’ve danced this dance before, and though it would be really fun, I won’t lead him on. Once was quite enough, and that didn’t turn out well at all.
Cassius: 
Charlie’s half brother is everything Charlie wants to be. Dashing, persuasive with his words, strong, and aggressive, though he’s very short. It makes me want to do mean things to him. He has that special dirty kind of smile that you want to feed to piranhas. He’s managed to work himself into an unusual, novel position – the Falstead Reflective Workers Representative to Helika. I wouldn’t be surprised if he came up with the title himself. Theoretically, he could halt all work in the camp, which is a power more symbolic than realistic. If the Spooks start setting people’s behinds on fire, they’ll all work, union or no union. I suspect the Spooks are letting him get away with it because so long the refugees can pretend they have a voice, they may feel less inclined to use it. I don’t like the man, but I respect opportunists. 
Walder: 
The walking, talking cliché that represents every reason we call the Helika’s armed lackey’s Spooks, instead of Imperial Whites. He’s massive, his head is massive, pale, speaks in a high pitched voice (much like a baby’s), ruthless, sadistic, intimidating, and unfair. I was introduced to his fist before I was introduced to him, when, while still in delirium, I stumbled out of the Winnie’s tent and into him and he was kind enough to rearrange my nose, and put some vivid color into my skin, which, I admit, might have been peaky at the time. I, of course, don’t remember any of this, but was told it happened once I came back to my senses. Somehow, I must return his cosmetic favour. 
Linus, Taco, Felina, Bouche: The camp needs to be kept running; there’s a lot of little jobs that have been filled up by people with loud voices (I was once told that people talk in loud voices so they wouldn’t hear themselves think, because thoughts are scary – it was never truer than in this Camp). Linus washes clothes and other linen; Taco hands out the food stamps every day in the Mess Area; Felina leads an army of cleaners who keep the camp from getting too filthy, and Bouche cooks our food.
And now for the camp:
We are in the meeting of some valleys. It looks like a really nice sort of place. Beyond the stockade, I can see several ranges of green and grey mountains branching off away from us. We must be near some sort of lake or river, because I can hear the sound of water washing up on shore beyond the southern end of camp. I asked Emil, and he showed me a map of the area – we are about a sixty-kilometre flight south of the Domremin border. Also, I was right about the lake.
There are about sixteen thousand of us here. I (and others such as Cassius) have tried to figure out a way to leave the camp. There isn’t any easy way. A ward has been set up around the camp, with our thaumic signatures integrated into it. Even if we did make out way out of the stockade, there’s no way to break the ward. For one, most of us aren’t ward breakers. More importantly, I don’t have an instrument, and almost no one else does. Camp Administrators are allowed instruments, but they wouldn’t help us escape – if they did, everyone still inside would be penalised.
Why Helika, demon? Why here? What was the point of taking me hundreds of kilometres away and still dumping me somewhere entirely pointless?
What do you want?



CHAPTER 7
Gregory's Day Out
‘Argh!’
He woke with a yell, but there was no giant spectre looming over him.
He was in bed, in an almost bare room. The large window outside showed it was day. The view was strange, like the sky was filled with soft and fluffy feathers. 
Clouds, he realised.
Was he flying? Maybe he was in another Zeppelin, but he couldn’t hear any of the deep humming that the huge airships made.
His chest twinged; he traced the scar he found there…. six inches long, thin and cruel. Someone had stitched him up.
How was he still alive? How had he escaped that horror? What happened to Mango? How long had it been since that day? Where was he?
He realised he was being watched. 
Brown eyes looked out at him under an untidy mop of brown hair. The watcher squeaked when his eyes turned on her and spasmed queerly, nearly tumbling off the armchair on which she was perched.
‘Cousin!’ she squeaked.
‘Cousin? Johanna?’
Her hair flopped up and down in assent.
‘Where am I? Am I at your home?’
She nodded vigorously, and then frowned. ‘If you’re staying here, it’s your home too. It’s called The Apple.’
‘Where’s your father?
‘He flew off to fix things. He’ll come back later. He said you were to eat and bathe and rest,’ Johanna said importantly. 
‘What date is it?’
Johanna screwed up her face. ‘It’s the 19th of July.’ 
Gregory counted the days – twelve. Then what she said struck him.
‘Flew? The magic’s back?’
Johanna nodded. 
‘When?’ he demanded.
‘Daddy said it was exactly one day after magic failed.’
Gregory had never known relief could be so sweet. He caught Johanna looking at him, and remembered the gift he was supposed to get her. 
‘Do you know where my things are? Did anyone get them?’ he asked.
‘Your trunk is under your bed.’
Sure enough, his things were all there, and all dry… the Bobbin must have put a water repellent charm on the trunk, he thought absently. There were also a bunch of things he’d never seen before; they looked like fancy clothes.
He dug out the pack of Monroe’s muffins from his large coat.
‘I got these like you said,’ he said, but his cousin was snatching it out of his hands before even he was finished speaking. ‘Sorry if it’s a little squished.’
‘It’s perfect,’ his cousin said, looking delighted. 
She offered Gregory a muffin and then sank her teeth into her own, a beatific smile on her face; the muffin left a halo of sugar around her mouth. 
‘Do you know whose stuff this is in my trunk?’ Gregory asked.
‘It’s all yours. They’re your gifts, aren’t they?’
‘Gifts from whom?’ Gregory asked blandly. ‘And why?’
Johanna’s eyes shone. 
‘From the parents. Coz you’re a Hero!’ 
He was sure he heard the capitalisation in that last word, and went a little red around the ears.
‘Ah, I didn’t exactly slay dragons or anything for the cookies.’
‘You’re blushing. Papa says I look pretty when I do that. You look pretty too,’ she said. 
‘Right.’ 
He’d been the butt of jokes before and he knew what it felt like and it felt like that right now. 
‘Umm, cousin… Johanna?’
‘Ya?’
‘I remember a lot of… well, these really scary things – like dead people – only moving and really sick looking. They were a lot of them. Did you see anything like that?’
‘You mean the creeps?’
‘Yes, the creeps. That’s right.’ 
‘They’re all gone. Or caught,’ Johanna said. ‘There aren’t anymore running around.’
‘Johanna, I’m sorry… but I’m a little confused. How am I still alive? The last thing I remember is that a great big claw poked a hole in me.’
The little girl looked horrified and fascinated at once.
‘They said you almost died,’ Johanna said in hushed tones. ‘I’m really glad you didn’t though. They said you killed a really big creep that almost killed you.’
He had killed that great big shadow? Had he forgotten? Gregory shook his head. Impossible – his torch-holder could not have made any difference against something that size. But Johanna was unlikely to know more…
‘I’m really glad I didn’t die too. Listen… there was a girl with me – Mango. Do you know if she’s alright?’
Johanna’s knowing smile took him aback.
‘She’s your girlfriend, isn’t she?’ 
‘What? No!’
‘Don’t lie! You kissed! Everyone knows!’
‘What do you mean, ‘everyone knows’? And we certainly didn’t kiss!’
‘She’s your true love,’ Johanna sang. ‘The kids at the Cavern all saw you kiss.’
Gregory fought the heat creeping up his ears; he ignored it – there were more pressing matters to address.
‘There was another boy – Zachary… do you know about him?’ he asked.
Johanna shook her head and Gregory pursed his lips in worry; had Zach gotten to safety before nightfall?
He got dressed, which was to say he put on his big and shabby coat over the pyjamas he was wearing. 
‘Are you going somewhere? You’re not s’posed to,’ his cousin told him.
‘I’m cold,’ Gregory said. ‘Can I have water? I’m thirsty.’
She led him out of the room: the rest of the house was lavishly decorated in warm colours. Johanna went to fetch him water from a kitchenette as Gregory looked around the room.
There was an alcove in a corner with a beautiful mural map set into the wall. It was Domremy City, Gregory realised. Dark green lines flowed out of the centre to various places marked in red and blue gemstones. He traced a line with his fingers to a blue gemstone labelled ‘Coffer Street’, which was between two lakes, then snatched his hand back when the stone moved under his finger. The dark line leading to Coffer Street lit up in a bright green glow.
‘Here’s the water –’ he heard Johanna say.
A pleasant ting resounded through the alcove.
‘Did you just touch… get away from there,’ Johanna cried out.
Gregory whirled around. 
‘Wha-?
The ground opened up and swallowed him whole. 
Gregory yelled into the pitch-blackness but he was falling faster than his voice could keep up with. There was a burst of light and then a dull roaring all around him… rushing water, though he couldn’t see any. Abruptly, he was caught by a something soft though he couldn’t tell what it was, because when his fingers reached below, they fluttered in empty air… he was moving faster than things could fall, faster than he had ever moved before… and then he was sliding down some slope, and then up a slope, to a far brightness at the tunnel end, which quickly became bigger… he was slowing down… with a rush and a yell, Gregory burst into bright daylight, falling through the air for another second before landing onto a soft platform, where he lay… stunned.
A part of his brain said firmly: ‘No more touching anything till someone shows you how this crazy place works.’ 
Where in the world was he? The blue gemstone had been labelled Coffer Street. Did all the green lines lead to different places around the city? Cool! Could everyone here do that?
Ignoring the amused stares around him, he stiffly got up. He was in a building with a clear ceiling and there were steps leading down and out of an archway, which he followed till he stood on a street.
It was late afternoon. Coffer Street was beautiful, and devastated.
The wide, cobblestoned road had fissured in places in great gaps; an ornate bridge had collapsed into a river; the buildings had cracks zigzagging all over them, some had fallen over in huge heaps of rubble; signs had fallen off and lampposts and trees had toppled; broken fountains had dried up and there was rubble everywhere.
There was a commotion and a squeal from the building he had just left. He turned and saw his cousin pattering down the steps, looking scared and excited at once.
‘You shouldn’t have done that.’ Johanna said nervously. ‘I shouldn’t have either. We’re not supposed to leave.’ 
She looked at him now as if he was supposed to fix everything. 
Gregory bit his lip. 
‘Why did you come after me again?’ Gregory asked.
‘You don’t know Domremy. You would have been lost,’ Johanna said matter-of-factly.
‘That was very thoughtful of you. So you know this place?’ Gregory asked, trying hard not to sound sardonic.
‘Not that well, but someone who knows me might see me. It’s better to be lost with me than without.’ 
Gregory stared at his cousin who stared right back. 
‘That’s clever,’ he said finally, ‘a very silly sort of clever, but I won’t nit-pick. Come on.’
A great and constant hammering filled the air of Coffer Street; bands of repairmen in bright lime-green suits scampered about, and others carefully stepped out of their way; groups of mages hovered great big blocks of stones and bricks; there was scaffolding everywhere, and people hung precariously from it… yet, despite all the activity, a cold disquiet pervaded the street. Gregory couldn’t put his finger on it.
The two children passed unnoticed in racket, and Gregory noticed a lot orange flags at half-mast on the roofs of the buildings; some of them had two orange flags.
Still, there were shops open. Merchants sold their goods at shaded stalls set up outside their ruined premises. 
They passed by intriguing names like Remick’s Runestones (every square inch of the front seemingly fluttering with square tiles), Anoop’s Allopathics (towers of vials twirling from strings) and Piki’s Pets (a musty smell emanating from the dark doorway). 
‘I wish we had time to check out the shops,’ Gregory muttered.
‘You will. You’re going to school soon. That means shopping. Everyone shops here,’ Johanna told him. ‘Coffer Street usually looks very nice.’
‘But half of the place looks closed,’ Gregory said.
‘They’ll open again,’ Johanna said firmly.
‘No, I mean… look at the ones in white,’ Gregory said, pointing.
Quite a few doorways, about one in every four, were shrouded in white linen.
‘Oh. Yes. Maybe those won’t open,’ Johanna said quietly. ‘White sheets means someone died.’
At once, Gregory understood the strange disquiet – it was grief, rolling off the white shrouds, and the shoppers’ slumped shoulders; filling the silence caused by the lack of conversation, and slowing the steps of every pedestrian there.
‘Johanna, did many people get hurt that day?’
‘Yes,’ she said sadly. ‘My friends are all alright, but almost everyone knows someone who died.’
Gregory squeezed her hand, but when he looked up, the sky fed his dread –that fateful morning he had looked down from The Scheherezade, carpets had seemed to buzz thicker than flies over Coffer Street – now, there were barely any.
The Spire drew his gaze – the great tower rose on the other side of the river, it’s heights still wreathed in clouds. There were no zeppelins queued to land, and none were taking off. The tower was pockmarked with black patches, remnants of the airships that had crashed and burned on its side… with a shudder, Gregory remembered the falling carpeteers who had also broken their bodies there.
Zach must be all right, Gregory told himself. He’d seen what those spectres could do; he’d know to stay away. But how far had the corruption spread? Had Reggie, Alf and Mixer fought their own creeps? The three of them could scrap with the best. What about Astrid? His stomach clenched; she couldn’t scrap. 
People didn’t put on white sheets back at home. They lit fires, and the image came to him then, of a hundred pyres, burning at once with his friends among them.
The street swayed in Gregory’s eyes, and then he felt his cousin squeeze his hand in turn.
‘Your friends must be alright,’ Johanna said. ‘Don’t worry.’ 
To his great surprise, looking into her earnest brown eyes, he believed her. 
‘Thanks,’ he said. ‘Let’s go on.’ 
Minutes later, at a turn of the street, Gregory thought his eyes were playing tricks on him.
‘Why is that boy on the roof?’ Johanna asked, pointing at the figure crouched atop red tiles that sloped up in a cone.
‘I don’t know,’ Gregory said, ‘but that’s Zach.’
It turned out that Zach was in trouble. 
Two boys and a girl jeered and taunted up at him. Zach looked worried, and a bit angry. There was a ladder at his feet. 
A second girl stood apart from them; she looked very uncomfortable.
‘Oh, come on,’ she pleaded. ‘He’s done nothing to you.’
‘Nothing?’ demanded an angry looking boy. ‘Susannah, do you know what his family does?’
‘They’re necromancers!’ spat the other boy.
‘That’s just ridiculous-' Susannah began, but the others ignored her.
‘What are you doing up there, spawn?’ one of the three, a tall girl, cried out.
‘What does it look like?’ Zach yelled down. ‘The whole city’s half-masting for the princess, and I’ll half-mast my shop if I want.’
‘What do you care?’
‘I’ve actually met her, so gellost! Can you twonks say the same?’
‘Watch your facehole, creeper, or I’ll make it filthier than it is,’ said the tall girl furiously.
‘You bought your way into the palace,’ yelled the angry boy. ‘Just like your creeper-spawning mother, don’t deny-’
A red tile sailed through the spot where the boy’s head had been a moment ago; if he hadn’t ducked, Zach’s throw would have cracked his skull open.
‘Are you insane?’ the tall girl shrieked. ‘You trying to kill him?’
‘Course he is,’ said the second boy. ‘They’re trying to kill everybody aren’t they? Him and his whole family of necromancers.’
‘Bring my mother into this and I’ll bust your brains all over the mud, alright?’ Zach roared.
‘Come on, let’s get out of here,’ Susannah said again. ‘He’ll stay up there forever… there are better things to do.’
The others ignored her.
‘You should have burned down in the quake. Your place is the ugliest around here,’ said the second boy.
‘If you don’t want to shop here, you can move right along,’ Zach shouted.
‘You make me sick!’ shouted the angry boy. ‘Good people who’ve been on Coffer Street hundreds of years are moving to Lotown, and you’re moving in on their space! Just coz they’re too poor now to stop you? Why don’t you take your stupid stuff to Lotown instead, and leave the Street for people who really belong here?’
‘I was here before the quake, and there’s plenty of people wanting what we’re selling!’
‘Coz you’ve got in their heads somehow!’ 
‘You’re corrupting them, making them do bad things!’ 
‘Your mum’s a necromancer, that’s how she doing it. I bet she had something to do with the Voidmark.’ 
‘Then you ought to be right scared of coming round here,’ Zach roared, taking a step down, ‘Not afraid I’ll set the creeps on you?’ 
And so angry was he that the others actually stepped back, though the tall girl recovered quickly:
 ‘You don’t know enough magic yet. But maybe you ought to be taken care of before you become like her.’ 
‘Yeah, we can’t let your kind breed,’ said the angry boy – he dashed forward and shook and kicked the ladder, trying to shake Zach off it.
The scoop of mud sailed into the aggressors face – he fell back, wiping his eyes and sputtering furiously. A split second later, something struck him with a loud and pink puff.
‘Who threw that?’ the angry boy demanded. He looked down at himself – he was pink! – from his hair to the tips of his boots.
‘What’s this?’ he screamed.
‘Sorry, I needed to put that somewhere, and your face looked available, so…’ Gregory said, striding forward; Johanna followed gleefully. ‘And as for your new color…’
Everyone on the ground looked up. Zach held a strange cylinder in his hand, and it was pointed at the pinked boy.
‘What’s wrong with you? Who are you?’ hissed the second boy. 
Gregory ignored him. Instead, he called up the ladder. 
‘Zach! How are things?’
‘Hey! The country bumpkin listens! Who’d have known? I tell you to stay alive, and here you stand. Good boy!’ Zach condescended, but was clearly delighted to see Gregory.
‘Says the wannabe ragamuffin,’ Gregory shot back. ‘Couldn’t rough it for even minutes – I remember you bawling, wrestling something half your size.’
‘My bawling saved your neck, you ingrate – cowed that little pygmy into submission.’
‘More like caused it to die bleeding from it’s ear…’
The banter came easily; the aggressors looked on with confusion.
‘Who are you?’ sputtered the angry and now pink and mud-splattered boy at Gregory. ‘What the blazes was that for?’
Gregory and Zach ignored him.
‘You woke up then?’ Zach said, grinning widely. ‘Good on you. Things are a bit stupid, but better now that you’ve shown up.’
‘Come on down, then.’
‘I’ll do that.’
Zach slid down the ladder with his toy.
‘What is that thing?’ Gregory asked, and then pointed at the pink boy. ‘How did you turn him pink?’
‘This, brother mine, is an Artemis,’ Zach said, holding the cylinder aloft. ‘It’s going to change the world.’
‘Is that an instrument?’ Gregory asked, though it was nothing like any instrument he had ever seen. ‘And you just did magic! How?’
‘Necromancy,’ spat the tall girl. 
‘What?’ Gregory asked, puzzled. As far as he knew, necromancy involved blood magic and magical subjugation.
‘He steals people’s magic,’ said the second boy coldly, ‘just like the rest of his family.
The words left an ominous silence in the air, and Gregory stared at Zach.
‘You steal people’s magic…,’ Gregory said slowly.
‘-that’s right, he does-’
‘… and the best you can do is turn people pink?’ Gregory finished, looking very disappointed.
Johanna giggled; Zach looked offended.
‘I can do a lot more,’ he huffed.
The tall girl strode forward.
‘How do you know the creeper, creeper? Who are you?’ she asked.
‘Zach here gave me a ride into town. I’m Gregory. And who are you lovelies?’ 
‘You call me Phia. And you’ve made the wrong kind of friend, but maybe you didn’t know any better. His family is evil.’
‘Perhaps, but they make really cool airships. Have you ever flown in one? It’s amazing.’
‘They stole the how-to from the Orient, everyone knows that,’ spat one of the boys. 
‘Yeah, and if you’re on his side, then you’re just as twisted as the rest of his family,’ said the boy with mud streaked over his face. ‘Maybe we ought to take care of you too.’
‘Hold on, then,’ Gregory said, shucking off his coat and shirt. ‘I don’t have too many clean clothes right now. Cousin, be a darling and take my coat and shirt and sit down to the side?’
‘You’re crazy,’ said the second boy.
‘And you’re scared,’ Gregory said. ‘Zach, we’ve done this before – just like the creep in the pond?’
‘Sure,’ Zach said. He was easily bigger than all of them, and he had a nasty look in his eye, and he kept the strange cylinder pointed threateningly.
The four aggressors looked at each other unsurely… well, three really, Gregory thought. The second girl had hung back with an unhappy look on her face through all of this.
Now though, she fixed her eyes on Gregory’s scar excitedly.
‘Where’d you get that?’ she demanded.
‘Well,’ Gregory said offhandedly, ‘I don’t know if you folks were around, but there was big ruckus around here a little more than a week back. Magic went all wonky and stuff… there were a lot of creeps running about…’
‘You’re Gregory Grey,’ she exclaimed, her eyes as round as eyes could get.
It put Gregory off-balance. 
‘Err, have we met?’ he asked, but they weren’t listening.
‘You’re the Hero?’ asked Phia disbelievingly. 
Gregory felt more confused than ever. First Johanna and now this…
‘He can’t be. Look at that filthy coat he’s wearing. He’s bluffing,’ said the mud-faced boy.
‘Yes, but you just heard Zachary, didn’t you?’ said the shiny-eyed girl. ‘He just woke up. Look at his face.’ 
And they stared at him so intently he was sure their glares were warming his face up. Or perhaps he was blushing again. The would-be bullies whispered fiercely among themselves for a bit and then straightened up.
‘Why are you with him?’ the angry pink boy asked. ‘You’re supposed to be on our side.’
His bitterness threw Gregory off some more.
‘Zach saved my life… that crazy day. And how do you know me? And what do you mean your side.’
‘Everyone knows you,’ said the girl who had recognised him. ‘Did you just wake up?’
‘… yes?’
‘You don’t know what’s been happening,’ the girl said, an awed look on her face. ‘Look, word got out about the things you did in the Caverns-’
‘The creep saved you?’ Phia cut in, even more disbelieving.
‘No he didn’t,’ the first boy said. ‘Everyone knows it was the professors who kept the Hero alive through the night.’
‘He saved me before the quake,’ Gregory said, deciding to ignore the ‘Hero’. ‘A creep nearly drowned me before he pulled it off.’
The foursome shot Zach strange but less aggressive looks.
‘There’s better company for you to keep. Ask your girlfriend,’ said the tall girl before turning and leading her little posse away.
The shorter girl cast Gregory a longing look and he was sure he heard her hiss angrily:
‘She’s not his girlfriend!’ 
Gregory looked at Johanna and Zach, who were laughing at his bewildered expression.
‘What was all that about? And why were they saying Mango is my girlfriend? Coz she’s not.’
‘Ooo, you’re cold. She’ll be heartbroken. Tut-tut. Come on,’ Zach said, shaking his head in mock disappointment, and leading them around the building.
‘I’m serious,’ Gregory said.
‘You heartbreaker you. Ms. Piper deserves better than that, you know?’
Gregory grit his teeth.
‘She’s alright, then?’ 
‘So you do think about-’
‘Zach!’
‘Keep your hair on. It was you everyone thought was going to snuff it,’ Zach said.
‘She’s fine?’
‘Yes, she’s fine. Gods, you do have it bad. Gregory’s in luuurve…’
‘Shut it. Why is she my girlfriend? And why’d they call me a hero? For that matter… why did you?’ he asked, rounding on Johanna.
‘You saved all those people, didn’t you?’ said a voice behind him.
It was the girl who had recognised Gregory, and she had the pink boy with her.
‘Look, can you please turn him back to normal?’ she asked Zach. ‘He can’t go around like this.’
‘He nearly kicked me off the roof!’
‘And he’s sorry. Aren’t you, Suraj?’
Suraj nodded, his pink lips thin, and his pink jaws clenched tight.
‘Fine,’ Zach said coolly. ‘Hold still.’
The strange cylinder came up: there was another burst of pink: and Suraj was back to normal, save for the mud streaked over his face. Without a word, he stalked off.
‘How are you doing that?’ Gregory demanded. ‘You’ve been blooded already?’
‘Nope.’
‘Then you can’t-’ Gregory cut himself off, and asked warily, ‘You’re not actually stealing people’s magic are you?’
‘No, I’m using my mum’s.’
‘That’s impossible!’
‘Not when you are my mum,’ Zach said proudly.
Susannah had not followed Suraj.
‘Not going with your friend?’ Gregory asked her.
‘They’re not really my friends,’ she said hurriedly. ‘Their parents work for my dad, and mum asked them to show me around. I’m new here.’
They all introduced themselves.
‘I’ve met you, haven’t I?’ Susannah asked Johanna. 
 Johanna nodded.
‘Your father is the Tree Man,’ Johanna said. ‘Papa said your father counts people with magic.’
‘Tree man?’ Gregory asked.
‘The Blood Tree – my father runs it,’ Susannah said.
‘You’re Asclepius Coffey’s daughter?’ Zach exclaimed. ‘My mum can’t shut up about your dad – my uncle had Veles’ Curse!’
‘What’s Veles’ Curse?’ Johanna asked.
‘It was a disease… it hurt your magic really bad – her father made the antidote, and they made him Top Doc for it, coz no one’s suffered from it since,’ Zach said.
‘Daddy can’t shut up about your mother either,’ Susannah said with a smile, before turning to Gregory, saying, ‘Though he’s been raving about you a lot too!’
Feeling more like the butt of a joke and getting more irritated by the minute, Gregory said testily:
‘And why, pray, does your father rave about me? No, wait – tell me how the hell you’re using your mum’s magic… no, wait – you, Susannah – is your father raving about the whole Hero thing too? Why?’
‘You saved Professor Flanders’ life without magic,’ Susannah said, and her eyes glowed in admiration, ‘using only basic First Aid. Daddy’s a Healer, and he’s been lecturing people on First Aid forever, but no one ever listens. When he found out what you did, he said it was textbook perfect.’
‘Yes, well, I’d read the textbook,’ Gregory said, ears going a little red. ‘But how’d he find out.’
‘You and Mango saved all those people at the orphanage, didn’t you?’ Johanna said. ‘It’s all anyone’s been talking about.’
‘What people… oh! At the Caverns? That wasn’t …’ Gregory trailed off. 
How did you explain that you were trying to save your own skin, and the rest just happened to be… collateral salvage?
‘You and… Mango, you’ve both been nominated Heroes of Domremy,’ Susannah said.
‘What does that mean?’ 
‘Knighthood, a very special kind,’ Zach said. 
‘You’re having me on,’ said Gregory.
‘Not a bit,’ Zach said, and he looked completely serious.
‘Why?’
‘Bit slow today, are you?’
‘Those things were easy to off once you put a mind to it,’ Gregory said. ‘There must have been any number of people who killed a bunch of creeps.’ 
Zach, Susannah and Johanna exchanged consternated glances.
‘Right. You don’t know. You just woke up.’
‘Don’t know what?’
Zach put on a face that he must have thought was bracing but looked constipated.
‘Look, come in and sit down,’ he said. ‘I’ll tell you all about it in the shop – it’s mom’s by the way.’
Gregory had never been inside a magical shop before so he didn’t know quite what to expect, but the shop looked strange. It looked like a temple, the walls riddled with cubbyholes. Inside the cubbyholes were cylinders like the one Zach held. A dais of pink stone in the centre of the room had another cylinder on it; the sign beside it said: Shooter Mark III: The Artemis. 
Gregory wasn’t the only one to find it strange; Susannah and Johanna looked equally fascinated, but Zach took them to an inner office, where they sat down around a table. 
‘Before we start, just curious, but why are you out in that dirty coat and pyjamas?’ Zach asked.
It took Zach a while to stop laughing, completely ignoring the sour look on Gregory’s face. Even Susannah was smiling.
‘How was I even supposed to know?’ Gregory said, annoyed. ‘It’s not like there was a sign: touch the wall and be spit out gods know where.’
‘True, true. I’m thinking about all the things you’re going to get wrong from here on out,’ Zach said, finally bringing his chuckling under control. ‘So you need to get back to High Town, was it?’
Johanna nodded.
‘I’ll run up the balloon, then,’ Zach said. He went to the doorway and pulled a lever. There was a thunk. ‘That was to signal out to any passing carpeteer. They’ll see the balloon outside and stop.’
Gregory was ready to burst with curiosity.
‘Seriously, how did you cast magic without an instrument?’ he demanded.
‘I’ll get to that, bronto, if you’ll let me. Have this first!’
Zach thrust chocolate at the three of them, and he started only when they’d all taken a bite. 
‘I don’t know if I’m the best person to be telling you this… but here goes. You remember how bad the quake was?’ he asked.
Gregory nodded.
‘Well, it was worse than that everywhere outside Domremy. Way, way worse. The quake offed two million people, they think.’
‘What?’ Gregory coughed violently as chocolate went down the wrong way. ‘Two million?’
‘Yep… all the way from the Saxon Isles to Harappa. They say it was the biggest and worst quake ever,’ Susannah said sombrely.
‘That’s insane.’
‘Not even the worst of it – which you saw - the creeps.’
‘A professor at the Cavern – Rathborne,’ Gregory remembered, ‘he said something had corrupted magic – that’s why every spell attempt conjured creeps. Is that true?’
‘Pappa said something changed magical polarity that day, whatever that means,’ Susannah said. ‘Magical polarity was only theory before – no one had actually done it themselves, or seen it for that matter. They’re scared it’ll happen again.’
‘They should be,’ Zach said grimly. ‘The creeps killed about three million all on their own – all over the world.’
‘What?’
Gregory stared around the room, appalled.
‘You’re not having me on, are you?’
‘No. Every master-mage and yogi who’s got an idea about it is meeting in Kashmir. They’re all locked up in a room, studying the creeps that haven’t died out yet. It’s all very hush-hush.’
‘But those things were easy to snuff. A whack on the head was all you needed,’ Gregory said weakly.
‘Yes, if you had something to hit them with. But as far as I know, most people – mages actually – just… froze,’ Zach said.
Mango’s voice sounded in Gregory’s memories:
‘… she just stood there – that thing screamed and next second it’s on her – and she’s down with that thing through her…’ 
Gregory tried to imagine that happening three million times and sick horror coursed through him.
‘That corruption – it lasted a whole day,’ Zach went on. ‘Not just here, but over the whole world! If you think three million’s bad... I mean, it was freaking daylight here, so the creeps died out quickly enough – imagine if it had been night! It was night over America, but practically only shamans do magic there, so there weren’t too many creeps.’
‘In other words,’ Susannah said, ‘we’ve been very, very lucky. Only the creeps born in shadow lived long enough to hurt… to kill people. And mages everywhere got the worst of it.’
‘Mages? How come?’ Johanna asked.
‘Coz they’re bleeding useless without magic, aren’t they?’ Zach said sadly. ‘A non-mage sees an ugly ghoul running at him, it takes the ugly’s head off with whatever it’s holding. A mage either freezes, or out of sheer habit, casts another spell, which means another creep.’
‘Kids everywhere had the worst of it too,’ Susannah said. ‘No one knew right off that the sun killed the creeps. The kids, afraid and looking to hide, ran for the shadows – and that’s where the creeps found them. And I heard a lot of parents died trying to protect their kids. It was like that everywhere, even in Domremy.’
‘Except,’ Zach said, suddenly intense, ‘at Gurukul Caverns. You saved them… you and that Piper girl. No one thought anyone would survive in the Caverns. Even I thought you were a goner. But when we found out – when the kids told everyone what the two of you did – well, there was a lot of talk, and everyone more or less decided that you and Mango were gonna be Knighted.’
‘That’s not all, though,’ Susannah said. ‘You’ve become something of a celebrity.’
‘Not a celebrity… a Hero!’ Johanna said. 
‘It’s a bit more than that, love,’ Susannah said, eyes shining at Gregory. ‘Mango’s a Hero too, but it’s Gregory people are going ga-ga over.’
‘What do you mean?’ Gregory asked, feeling a little hemmed in. He had a vague foreboding that all this was leading to sparkling clothes sometime in the future, whether he liked it or not. 
But Zach and Susannah both looked at a loss to explain.
‘Look,’ Susannah said finally. ‘What do you know about the Observant Shamanate?’
‘Um… two thousand year old big bully religious organisation with influence over practically every major civilisation except the Reflective ones?’ Gregory ventured. Everyone knew that.
‘Right. So those guys have coined a word for the corruption: Voidmark – the first instance of Sentinel wrath,’ Susannah scoffed, ‘with more to come.’
All Gregory knew of Sentinels were plucked from the Director’s folktales collections, and religious reading was not common in Domremy.
‘Sentinel wrath… like the demon Sentinels?’ he asked.
‘Yes, and this is going to sound very stupid, but listen anyway,’ Susannah said. ‘The legend goes like this – when the people of the world are corrupt enough, the Sentinels come a-looking for the worst of us to recruit into their army of demonic spirits. They are raising that army to fight Seraphs, who are Gaia’s (the planet Earth’s own spirit) guardian gods.’
‘The Shamanate is saying,’ Zach jumped in, ‘that the Sentinels already took many corrupt people in the past – and made them into demon spirits. They’re saying that during a Voidmark, those demon spirits ride into the world on our magic, and use the energy in our spells to give themselves a form – basically, they manifest as creeps.’
‘And they’re saying,’ Susannah said, ‘that by killing all the people they did, the creeps cleansed the world.’
‘That’s stupid,’ said Gregory. ‘That’s like saying everyone who died two weeks ago was evil.’
‘That’s exactly what they’re saying,’ spat Susannah, ‘Now that the world’s cleansed, the Shamanate can better show the people the right path to grace – that is to say, the right path as the Observant Shamanate sees it.’
‘We all know its nonsense of course,’ Zach said with a sneer. ‘At least, the Reflective nations do. Observant nations, such as Helika, take it very seriously.’
‘What’s this got to do with me being a celebrity?’ Gregory asked. 
Susannah and Zach looked stuck again.
‘No, wait, don’t tell me,’ Gregory laughed, ‘Everyone thinks I’m a Seraph for knocking off a bunch of creeps!’
Susannah and Zach looked at each other, then back at Gregory, and nodded.



CHAPTER 8
Some Family Time
‘Knock it off, I was joking,’ Gregory said nervously.
‘No, really – that’s what they’re saying,’ Zach said, still nodding.
‘Not officially or anything,’ Susannah said, ‘it’s just the people and the newspapers – they’re all going on about how you magically appeared and saved fifty kids.’
‘I didn’t magically appear.’
‘You did! You really did,’ Zach said, and he looked completely serious. ‘I flew into town with you, and even I think it’s weird how you just happened to turn up at the Voidmark, and just happened to save a bunch of kids, when kids everywhere else died.’
‘Zach, you better not be saying you think I’m a god.’ Gregory shuddered as the words left his lips.
‘Oh no, I just think it’s weird,’ Zach reassured. ‘Everyone else thinks you’re a god, or you might be, or you at least might become one.’
‘And being the long lost son of two brilliant storytellers doesn’t help, does it?’ Susannah said.
‘How do you know about that?’ Gregory demanded.
‘Everyone knows about that,’ Johanna piped up, pausing in the middle of a cookie. ‘People heard you were Gregory Grey, and went around asking where you came from. Once Daddy said you were his nephew, people somehow found out your whole story – disappearance, orphanage, and reappearance.’ 
‘Yeah, so,’ Zach said, scratching his head, ‘There’s this whole bit in the Shamanic texts, prophecies and stuff, about how one day the Seraphs will return to us to save us… and they think that day is here.’
‘There have been prophecies about others at other times,’ Susannah said. ‘Most of them just fizzled out. But some of them are so vague, they could be talking about anybody – so of course they’ve twisted them to fit you.’
‘And then there’s the boons,’ Johanna said.
‘What boon?’
‘A Hero is a kind of knight. You get two boons when you become a knight, but you get three if you’re a Hero,’ Johanna said. ‘It’s all they’ve been talking about in the papers.’
‘I’m in the papers?’
‘Of course you are,’ Zach said jumping up. ‘I’ll show you – I’ve got them around somewhere.’ 
The first headline read: Hero of Domremy Rumoured to be long heralded Seraph!
‘They’re really are calling me a god,’ Gregory croaked out.
‘Tiresome, I know,’ Zach clucked.
Gregory glared at him and looked the older papers:
…Mysterious Hero Is Domremy’s Lost Scion… 
… Caverns’ Saviours Nominated To Hero By Public Adoration…
… Miracle at Gurukul – Intrepid Duo Save Future…
Gregory scanned the articles, and after five minutes, the words blurred and melted into one another; he closed his eyes.
‘People are whipping themselves up into a tizzy trying to guess your boons already,’ Susannah said.
‘Enough!’
‘What?’ Zach and Susannah said together.
‘Too much! Way too much! I’ve got a headache! We’re not talking about this anymore!’
Gregory threw the papers down, began to pace around the room, and jabbed a finger at Zach.
‘What were you doing on the roof?’ he demanded.
‘I was putting up an orange flag for the princess,’ Zach said. ‘You must have seen them every where.’
‘Yes, I did. Why are people doing that for the princess?’
‘She went missing when the quake struck,’ Johanna said, ‘She was in Helika on a tour. Daddy says they’ve got everybody looking, but no one’s found her. She’s really nice.’
‘You’ve met her?’ Gregory asked, surprised.
Johanna nodded sadly.
‘A few times,’ she said, ‘when the King invites Daddy to dinner.’
‘I met her too, a few weeks ago,’ Susannah said, ‘when the Queen invited Poppa for dinner to talk something about the Blood Tree.’
‘I’ve met her too, for the same reason, couple of weeks ago,’ Zach said, laughing, and then he sobered. ‘You’re s’posed to put up a half-masted flag when someone royal or really important is sick or something. If she’s found, everyone takes the flag down. If she’s not, then we put it all they way up for a week.’
‘I saw two orange flags at places – what’s that about?’ Gregory asked, remembering.
‘The second flag is for you,’ Zach said, his lips twitching. ‘People don’t know you’re up and about yet, do they?’
Gregory blinked and then, shaking his head, pressed determinedly onto safer grounds.
‘I didn’t see any airships up in the sky, or carpets,’ he said, ‘how’s the Spire holding up?’
‘We lost half our fleet,’ Zach said, ‘but the King said so long Dad lets the airships fly out supply and rescue missions all around the country, for as long as necessary, he’ll fund us back to full strength.
‘As for the carpets, well, almost no one’s flying them anymore. People are too scared – I mean, when someone falls a thousand feet and punches a holes through your ceiling…’
‘Sounds like a damper, alright,’ Gregory muttered.
‘I heard the King’s going to pass a law making parachutes mandatory for everyone on a carpet,’ Susannah said.
‘Yeah, Mum’s got about thousands of them in the pipeline for our ships too,’ Zach said.
‘That really sounds like an obvious sort of thing to do,’ Gregory said, struck.
‘There’s nothing more elusive than the obvious,’ Johanna sing-songed. 
‘And that idiot – Suraj – what did you do to piss him off so much?’ Gregory asked. ‘And for the sake of all that is holy, how did you turn him pink?’
Zach’s face darkened. 
‘It’s Mum they actually hate,’ he said edgily, and he held out the Artemis. ‘They hate her coz she makes these.’
‘That’s an instrument, isn’t it?’
‘Of sorts. Only it uses someone else’s magic, instead of your own,’ Zach said.
‘How is that even possible? And that does sound like necromancy,’ Gregory said.
‘It’s not. Look close.’
It was made of stone and metal, and had intricate runic carvings.
‘I don’t know spells,’ Zach said smugly. ‘With that baby, I don’t need to know spells. The spells are all inside it – all I do is point and shoot.’
‘The spells are… inside this?’
Zach nodded.
‘That’s impossible, you can’t just trap a spell-’
‘You can if you’re a genius like mum,’ Zach said. ‘She knows more about runes and runecraft than anyone else in the world, I reckon, and that’s how the shooters work. Pull out that little chip on the side of the shooter – you see what’s on it?’
Gregory made out a delicate looking carving. 
‘That’s a rune,’ he said, ‘a magical instruction written down.’
‘That’s right,’ said Zach. ‘Power it up and the instruction – the magic – gets executed. And if you know enough runes, you can get the instructions to say pretty much anything. That rune you’re holding instructs a change in color.’ 
Gregory nodded. He had heard this from Alf.
‘So you put a rune into this… shooter,’ Gregory said, ‘and you feed it your own magic, and it’ll cast the spell that’s on the rune? And you can put in different runes?’
He let that titbit sink in.
‘That’s really cool!’
It was – so long a mage could write down the runic form of a spell, they would never have to actually learn it.
‘But,’ Gregory said, ‘you’re no mage yet. You can’t channel magic, even someone else’s. How’d you cast the spell?’
‘True, you need magic to cast, but I’ll get to that in a minute,’ Zach said. ‘First, do you know runes lose power?’
‘Yes,’ Susannah answered, ‘Once you’ve carved out a rune and used it, you can’t use the same carving again – you’d have to draw the runes all over again if you want to cast the same spell.’
‘Sounds tedious,’ Gregory said.
Zach shrugged.
‘It was necessary. Runes carry intent, and the way they’ve always been written meant that they had to be specific to space and time. Once you execute a particular rune, it becomes redundant, because the space and time written into it were differently.’ 
Alf had told Gregory that too.
‘At least that’s how it used to be… until Mum came along, and turned it all on its head.
‘She decided that re-carving runes over and over was stupid, and that runes ought to be more flexible. She found a way to write runes that took away the time and space constraints… which in turn made them reusable.  You could brainlessly cast any spell any number of times so long your magical stamina lasted.’
‘My dad loves your mum for that,’ Susannah said. ‘Drawing runes over and over is a massive headache – he said her work made his own much easier. There was talk of Knighting your mother.’
‘That love didn’t last, did it? But I’ll get to that in second,’ Zach said. ‘Anyhow, that’s how the Shooters Mark I and Mark II worked. But Mum didn’t stop there. A normal person can only cast spells so many times before become tired, right? Mum figured if she could get people to store magic they weren’t using somehow, then they could bring it out when it’s needed. Using her new kind of Runecrafting – she calls it Runeflows – she came up with a way to circulate magic within the rune.’
Zach looked around proudly at the blank faces staring back at him.
‘I’ve no rotten clue what you just said to me,’ Gregory said.
‘Me either,’ Susannah said. 
Jo took another cookie.
‘Ah,’ Zach said, scratching his head. ‘She wrote a Runeflow which directs the magic to recast itself on the rune… and so the magic stays in the rune till we channel it out somewhere.’
‘It goes in circles around the rune?’ Johanna asked.
‘That’s right, until someone uses that magic up in a spell.’
‘And because these runes are reusable, you could just charge that rune up whenever you wanted?’ Gregory said slowly. ‘And use it the next time you needed a back-up?’
Zach nodded, looking expectant.
Gregory saw it.
‘Zach, who can use that magic, once it’s there in the rune?’ he asked.
‘That’s what mum wondered,’ Zach said gleefully, ‘And soon as she thought it, she had Dad try and draw magic from the rune.’
‘And it worked?’ Gregory asked, more excited than he could ever remember being.
Zach hefted up the shooter, and said:
‘That twonk outside was pink, wasn’t he?’
‘Hot damn!’ Gregory said, his mouth a perfect ‘O’.
‘I know, right!’
‘What are you two so excited about?’ Susannah asked bemusedly.
‘Don’t you see? Don’t you see?’ Gregory said, clutching his hair. ‘You don’t do magic yet. But so long you could write a spell into this shooter – the Artemis – you don’t need to!’
‘I still want my own instrument,’ said Susannah, ‘No fancy toy will ever make up for doing my own spells. That’s just silly.’
‘’Course not,’ Zach said, ‘but while you’re getting good with an instrument, if I gave this to Johanna, she could do better magic than you.’
‘But she’d still be better off with her wand in the long run,’ Susannah said.
‘If I gave these babies to my boys back in Pencier,’ Gregory said, eyes gleaming, ‘they could do better magic than you could right now.’
‘But,’ began Susannah, when her eyes grew wide – ‘Oh! Mundanes could do magic!’
‘Exactly!’ 
‘They could just write any powerful spell into runes,’ said Susannah, looking awed, ‘and use an actual mage to charge those runes up.’
‘That’s right,’ Gregory said. ‘They wouldn’t know any spells, and they wouldn’t have their own magic… and they won’t need to. All they’d have to do is…’
‘… Point and shoot,’ whispered Susannah, and she looked up at Zach then. ‘That’s why they’re scared – that’s why everyone hates you and your mother, isn’t it?’
‘That’s why the twonks outside were up in arms – because magic wouldn’t be exclusive anymore,’ Gregory said.
Zach nodded.
Gregory vowed that if he ever met that pompous pedigreed puffin of an Earl again, he would do a lot more than turn him pink.
‘Could just anyone buy these?’ Gregory said. ‘You’d have to shell out a pretty shine, wouldn’t you? They don’t look cheap.’ 
‘Cheaper than an instrument,’ Zach said, ‘and getting cheaper… though it’s not on the market yet. The store is just for exhibition for now, but give it a month or two.’
‘So if I had an Artemis, I won’t need an instrument?’ Johanna asked.
‘You probably would,’ Zach said, ‘unless you felt like buying a separate rune for every single spell you can think of doing.’
‘Hang on there,’ Gregory said, ‘Instruments carry runes, and I’ve never heard of people needing to redraw over and over again on instruments.’
‘Blood runes, the sort you get on instruments, are reusable,’ ‘What’s this got to do with them calling you a necromancer?’ ‘Your magic is sacred to you, so the Shamanate says,’ Zach said. ‘Necros have all kinds of ways of sucking your magic out, and necros are evil, so they’re saying mum’s evil.’
‘But your mum’s giving magic away, not stealing it,’ Gregory said.
‘The Shamanate has another way of putting giving magic away – blasphemy against nature,’ Zach snorted. ‘Helika and a couple of other Observant countries have already banned mum from entering the country on pain of death. And it’s prison for anyone caught with an Artemis. If you’re Mundane, it’s death.’
Gregory whistled.
‘Observants don’t have too many mages, do they?’ he asked.
‘No,’ Zach said. ‘And the idea of sharing magic with Mundanes eats them up. ‘’Course, people here aren’t too down with it either.’
‘I think it’s wow,’ Johanna said.
‘Well, you’re smarter than the idiots, aren’t you?’ said Zach. ‘No one believed mum when she said she’d do what she was gonna do – laughed in her face actually – but she did, and the nice people of Domremy haven’t been so nice since.’  
A gentle tinkling filled the air.
‘That’ll be your carpet,’ Zach said.
Sure enough, there was a man in a smart khaki uniform standing outside; a yellow balloon fluttered high above the shop. Zach paid the man, completely refusing hear anything about Gregory paying him back. 
‘Make sure you put on the parachute,’ Zach said, and Gregory and Johanna both put on the lumpy backpack.
‘I’ll be off too,’ Susannah said, and then turned to Zach, ‘and sorry about the… twonks, earlier. I think your mum’s work is brilliant, but I’ve been told not to go around saying it.’
Zach shook her hand, and then she shook Gregory’s hand with a dazzling smile, saying, ‘I’ll see you at the Cavern, I suppose?’
‘I suppose,’ Gregory said, smiling back.
The carpet took off. 
The orange sun lit up the red rooftops of Coffer Street. Almost all the buildings flew a white flag, and a good number flew the orange flag. Coffer Street stretched from east to west along the banks of a narrow river, which flowed between two elongated lakes. The sky-piercing Spire was south of the river.
‘What do you call that river?’ Gregory asked Johanna.
‘That’s Fate,’ Johanna said. ‘It joins Lake Little Finger to Lake Big Finger.’
Their carpet flew south over plains approaching steep, green mountains; and then up a valley between these mountains, which rapidly increased in height. The valley forked into two at the foot of a peculiarly shaped mountain with a slender white tower at its peak, and high walls along its steep edges.
‘That’s Garuda,’ Johanna said.
‘Garuda – like the eagle? What is?’ Gregory asked.
‘The mountain,’ Johanna said. ‘If you fly high enough, the sides look like wings. And that tower is called the Gremlin’s Torch because it lights up at night. The high walls are called the Wings – the West Wing and the North Wing. That’s where my house is – on top of the West Wing – only it’s our house now’
‘That slide carried us all the way to Coffer Street from here?’ Gregory exclaimed disbelievingly. ‘That’s got to be nearly ten kilometres – I was barely in there a minute! And we’re higher than the Spire right now!’
Johanna shrugged.
They flew up and high along Garuda’s West Wing. Doorways and porches of houses carved into the massive wall opened out into the sky – Gregory’s new home, The Apple, was one of them.
The carpet dropped them off and Gregory fell in love with the wind-buffeted balcony’s view.
There was a large hamlet below, almost a kilometre down the mountainside; it was a collection red roofs and fields and winding lanes – and there was another hamlet further below that.
‘That’s Aegis, short for Under The Eagle’s Aegis, below us and the one lower down is Veil’s Wind,’ Johanna told him.
‘Why do they call it that?’ Gregory asked.
‘See that waterfall?’ said a slow voice behind him.
Gregory nearly jumped out of his skin; Johanna actually jumped.
An untidy, unshaven and wavy-haired man had come out of the house; he was pointing down and left into the valley, where silver water streamed off a high hill, becoming mist long before it struck the ground far below.
‘They call it the Bridalveil Falls, and at night they light it up from below, and you can see it from miles away. Hello, Gregory.’
And even as Johanna huffed ‘Daddy!’, Quincy Appleby pulled Gregory into a warm hug.
‘I’m sorry that it took you so long to return home,’ Uncle Quincy said gently, ‘and I’m happy you’re back.’
‘I’m happy too,’ Gregory croaked out. Johanna had snaked her way into the hug, and Gregory’s stiff surprise melted into taffy. When they finally parted, it didn’t feel as if they had.
‘Where are you coming from?’ Uncle Quincy asked.
Embarrassedly, Gregory narrated a shortened version of his afternoon, which left Uncle Quincy chuckling.
‘You’ll get used to all this quickly enough,’ he said. ‘But excellent – you’re making new friends already. I know both the Coffeys and the Zeppelins. They’re lovely people. Now I’ve got you something to wear in your room – get changed. We’re going out for dinner.’
Gregory dressed more finely than he ever had before, but he was grateful that nothing sparkled. Their short flight on Uncle Quincy’s rich blue carpet took them south along the West Wing; the sides of the mountain lit up like jewels as it got darker. They dropped at a hollowed-out hole in the mountain that glowed with warm light.
Johanna called out: 
‘Mama Zouzou!’
‘Jo, little Jo! And with her father, too! Welcome!’ cried a sprightly old woman rushing out of the door. She put smacking kisses on either of the younger girl’s cheeks and Uncle Quincy’s.
‘And who’s this handsome young man?’ she asked.
‘That’s Vincent and Vera’s son.’
Mama Zouzou’s mouth fell and she pulled Gregory into a warm, tight embrace. When she finally let go, she was wiping her eyes, saying:
‘Don’t mind me, I’m being silly. Come on in, dears.’ 
Gregory, still jarred by the sudden and overwhelming display of affection, followed her into the crowded, warm and cosy restaurant. Mama Zouzou led them to the only empty table. Uncle Quincy placed a quick order, and the old woman bustled off. 
Minutes later, the dishes rolled out in massive portions. Gregory had had lasagne before, but this was something else: meat and spinach drowned in steaming layers of cheese. 
‘You’ve had quite a day,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘Has it all sunk in?’
‘Still sinking,’ Gregory said, starting his monumental meal. ‘I read the papers from the last week.’
‘Then you know what’s happened and what’s happening? Do you know what I’m doing?’ Uncle Quincy asked.
Gregory nodded slowly. 
‘You’re part of the Revival Committee, put together to rebuild Domremy,’ he said.
‘That’s right. Everything is broken, many are dead, many more are injured, and we’re short on all kinds of staff. What I wouldn’t give to have a hundred more with your skills. Fantastic job patching Ms. Flanders up, by the way. Brilliant stuff. I’ll have to send a lot of thanks your Director’s way, the good man.’
‘Do you know if they’re alright,’ Gregory asked, trying to keep worry out of his voice. ‘Has there been word?’
‘No, but I should have asked,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘Write them a letter – Jo can show you how to send it tomorrow. And the earthquake? The spectres? You know all about them too? And you know of your nomination?’
Gregory nodded. 
‘Mango’s nomination too.’
‘And how do you feel about that?’
‘I don’t know. I think I’m dreaming. It’s weird.’
Uncle Quincy chuckled.  ‘You don’t want it, then? You’ll refuse?’
That question had been quietly festering in Gregory’s mind ever since he’d found out.
‘’Course I’m not gonna refuse,’ he muttered, embarrassed. ‘You think I should?’
‘It’s your decision, Gregory,’ Uncle Quincy said, throwing up his hands. ‘You did save a lot of people though.’
‘It’s not because I think I’m a hero or anything,’ Gregory said quickly.
‘But you are,’ Johanna piped up, frowning.
‘I wasn’t trying to save them – I was looking out for myself!’
‘You believe accepting will be undeserved, maybe even dishonest?’ Uncle Quincy said.
‘Maybe.’ 
‘But you’ve made up your mind to accept?’
‘Refusing would be stupid.’
‘Stupid?’
‘Yes, really stupid. It’s a knighthood, for crying out loud. It’s big – huge actually. The things I could do…’
‘What is it that you want to do?’
‘I don’t know – anything, so many things,’ Gregory said. ‘It’ll make looking for mum and dad easier, wouldn’t it?’ 
Gregory said it without thinking, and his mind flashed to the records he had stashed away just outside the library. Uncle Quincy’s carefully neutral expression wobbled. 
‘Eh?’
‘Just a thought.’ 
‘You want to look for your parents?’
‘’Course I do.’
‘And you think you’ll be able to find them?’
‘Someone found me, didn’t they?’
‘Yes. That they did,’ Uncle Quincy said slowly. ‘But just because you were found, that doesn’t mean your mum and dad will be too.’
‘I didn’t say I will find them,’ said Gregory. ‘But when three people go missing together and one of them turns up, isn’t it a little more likely that the other two will be found too?’
‘More, but not very.’
‘I’ll take it.’
Uncle Quincy nodded slowly. 
‘So you’re okay if I accept the knighthood?’ Gregory said, trying not to sound defiant.
‘Like I said, it’s your decision. No one can you deny earned it.’
‘I didn’t do it to be a Hero – I…’
‘I know, I know. But people don’t set out to be heroes, Gregory. Amongst the greatest qualities of recorded heroes is self-interest, a survival instinct. History favours the living,’ Uncle Quincy said, a smile curling his lips. 
‘Though you may have bitten off more than you can chew.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You saw the gifts, didn’t you?’
‘What gifts – oh, all that stuff in my trunk?’
‘Yes. Have you looked over them?’
‘No.’
‘You should – some of them are of incredible historic value and magical power. Not to mention the tithes.’
‘Tithes? What tithes?’ Gregory asked.
‘Originally a voluntary tax – a tenth of one’s earnings, donated to a worthy cause…’
‘I know what tithes are. What I meant was, why are people giving me tithes?’
‘Well, in this case, they want to donate to a worthy individual, don’t they?’
The idea of a fortune under his bed wasn’t immediately appealing. For one thing, he wasn’t a dragon. For another, he didn’t want to have his throat cut while he slept – dragons at least got a rich underbelly for armour. 
Items of great magical power on the other hand… 
‘Who gave them to me?’ he asked.
‘The parents of the children you saved. You will need to write them a note of thanks. I’ll help you get started with that soon – you don’t look too happy.’
‘Being a Hero sounds like a headache already.’
Uncle Quincy laughed again.
‘It’s true,’ he said, ‘the people want to make you a Hero more than you want to become one. People are determined to be grateful to you.’ 
Gregory tried not to scowl.
‘Must they be?’ he asked.
‘Understand, they don’t actually want you to protect them again,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘They want you to be a symbol, a hope that if a Voidmark strikes again, maybe everyone will be caught less off-guard. They want to see you, to wine and dine you. You’ll be lavishly gifted and everything, with things like the heirlooms in your trunk.’
He was going to sparkle with more pizzazz than a firecracker night, Gregory thought, rubbing his temples.
Uncle Quincy suddenly looked a lot sharper. 
‘They might even ask you for favours. Actually, I’m going to be the first to ask you a favour.’
Gregory looked nervous. 
‘I want to ask you to trust me with something important. It’s about your tithes,’ Uncle Quincy said.
‘What about them?’
‘You’ve got about nine thousand Caesars and counting. Certainly more than you can use.’
Gregory tried to imagine nine thousand Caesars and failed. An average instrument cost about seven Caesars – so six hundred of those – enough for fifteen orphanages like Laurie’s. He shuddered.
Gregory knew where this was going, though.
‘You want to hold the money for me,’ he said.
Uncle Quincy nodded. 
‘You’ll be joining the Caverns soon. Your wealth won’t remain a secret. There is a lot of influence in the money you’ll have – influence that people, especially children of your age, will want to use. They’ll put on their sweetest smiles… and they’ll ask you to lend a helping hand here…a donation there… and if you do as they ask, they’ll stop asking and start telling. You’ll never be sure who your true friends are or what people really think of you.’
Uncle Quincy spoke calmly, but his eyes were keen on Gregory. Gregory forced himself to reply just as calmly.
‘If I agree, when will you give it back to me?’ 
‘You’re thirteen – sorry – fourteen, now. I’d like to put the money into a sealed trust for you for about three years. Till then, I’ll provide you with an allowance, comparable to what your peers at school will have, nothing too extravagant. When you’re sixteen, you’ll gain limited access, which will nevertheless greatly inflate your allowance. Once you complete school, you’ll have complete access to your trust.’
‘What if there’s an emergency – or I need a lot of money urgently,’ Gregory asked, lacking a better question.
‘I’m Commander of the Throne’s Watch. If I say I want the trust released, it will be released. If I’m otherwise indisposed, your soon-to-be-conferred title grants you the privilege of approaching the Throne if you want to.’
Gregory thought about it, but he had dreamt of magic, not fortunes, and he had no idea what to do with one now. 
He doubted it was enough to buy him a Zeppelin. 
He probably was going to get access to every book he could possibly want. 
But there was one thing, a seed of a thought planted in his mind ever since he’d been told that he was coming to Domremy City.
‘All right,’ Gregory said at last. ‘Put the stuff – the money – in a trust, was it? You keep it for me.’
Uncle Quincy looked very surprised, and then his face broke into a wide beaming smile. He rolled forward and took Gregory’s hand in a warm grip, his other hand clasping Gregory’s shoulder. 
‘Gregory, that’s just – wonderful of you. Thank you for trusting me with this,’ he said.
Gregory took a deep breath. 
‘I’d like to have one thing though. A portion of the tithes, maybe a tenth, kept with me.’
He looked steadily at his Uncle and ignoring the sudden warmth in his own ears and face.
Uncle Quincy frowned, though the warmth had not entirely left his face. 
‘May I know why?’ he asked.
‘Just in case. I don’t know whether I’d ever need it, but I might, and I’d like to have it at hand. Just in case,’ said Gregory. Had Uncle Quincy looked down, he would have seen Gregory’s toes were crossed. 
After a long minute…
‘That’s reasonable enough, I suppose. Then we have a deal,’ Uncle Quincy said, nodding.
Gregory released his breath, half-disbelieving that the older man had agreed. He squashed the tiny twinge of guilt he felt for lying to his Uncle – he knew exactly what he needed the money for, but this was something he did not feel like sharing.
‘Th-thanks,’ he said. 
‘You’ll get along just fine, Greg,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘Being a Hero – it has its perks. It’s actually not going to be all that bad, you know?’
Gregory smiled weakly, and then perked up.
‘You said I’m going to join the Caverns?’ he asked excitedly. ‘When?’
‘You’ve got a month of preparatory at the Cavern, starting next week.’
‘Preparatory?’
‘Yes. It takes a while to get used to your magic – to get a feel for it. Every kid goes through Prep.’
‘But I don’t have an instrument.’
‘You’ll get one soon,’ Uncle Quincy reassured him. ‘You’ll be blooded at the Cavern, by the Headmistress herself. Oh, and in case you didn’t know… the Cavern is always headed by Domremy’s Queen.’
‘The Queen’s going to teach? Cool!’ Gregory said fervently, ‘When I was at the Cavern, for a moment I thought I’d never get to learn magic at all. Speaking of which, what happened to that great big creep?’
‘You defeated it,’ Uncle Gregory said, looking surprised. ‘I heard from the professors that there had been a spectre there, but when they went to find it, they only found you there.’
He had defeated that thing? Impossible.
‘The last thing I remember is a claw through my chest, and then blacking out,’ Gregory said. ‘I didn’t beat it.’
Uncle Quincy frowned.
‘There’s been no sign of it since,’ he said. ‘You were definitely the last person to see it. We checked every inch of the city for hidden spectres once the magic came back. Perhaps the sun killed it?’
‘No way,’ Gregory said, shaking his head. ‘That thing looked at me – it was more than smart. It could think. It was… aware. And that wasn’t all…’
Gregory spoke of how that tall professor had spoken to the massive spectre. ‘He kept saying sorry. Who was he?’
‘Algernon,’ Uncle Quincy said, frowning intensely now. ‘An idiot, but I think he invented something terribly clever some years ago, so the Cavern lets him stay on. He recognised that spectre, you say?’
‘It looked like it,’ Gregory said, shuddering as he remembered how the larger shadow had absorbed the smaller.
‘Then I’ll put a notice out on it,’ Uncle Quincy said, ‘but no one’s seen anything so far.’
‘Has anyone figured out what the creeps were? It’s been twelve days. Susannah said something about magical polarity changing.’
‘It’s true. Some how the world’s magical polarity reversed itself,’ Uncle Quincy said quietly, ‘But that should have only meant failed magic, not those abominations.’
‘Then what were they? The Sentinel demon army, after all?’
‘You heard that?’ Uncle Quincy chuckled, and then became serious. ‘The World Voidmark Committee has confirmed a few things but we’re not releasing the news just yet – every country around the world has agreed to coordinate. You’ll find out soon enough.’
After dinner, they flew home and Uncle Quincy sent them to bed. Gregory didn’t argue; he was exhausted. Johanna kissed her cousin goodnight and went off into her den. Uncle Quincy produced a pair of pyjamas from Gregory’s cupboard. 
‘I got you some things to wear, simple stuff. When you’re up to it, we’ll take you out for your wardrobe,’ Uncle Quincy said.
‘Thanks,’ Gregory said, a little embarrassed, but the older man pretended not to notice.
‘Greg?’
‘Yeah?’
‘I won’t tell you to not to get your hopes up about finding your mother and father,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘You’ll have to receive the parents of those you saved in a day or two, but I’ll make sure to invite some people who knew your parents, and you can speak to them after the reception.’
The older man looked serious.
‘Thank you,’ Gregory said, surprised and grateful.
His uncle left the room.
Gregory’s new bed looked incredibly inviting, but he did not clamber in; he had something to do. Digging out some stationery, he penned a letter to Director Laurie:
Dear Director, 
I really hope that you and the everybody else are alright, and that the quake did not hurt too many people in Pencier. 
I am safe and unharmed, though it was close – you’ve probably heard the news already. Please don’t believe the nonsense you might read. My family is safe, and we’re getting along. I think I’ve made friends, but it’s too early to really tell. 
Are Reginald, Alfred, and Michelin are safe? And Astrid? Please, let me know as quickly as you can. 
I do not have much else to tell. I’ve been unconscious for eleven days, and have just woken. I’ll keep you posted.
Regards,
Gregory Grey.

He folded the letter, put it into a rich envelope and addressed it. Then he pulled out another sheet of paper and penned the third letter he had ever written:
Dear Mango,
I can’t believe I woke up alive today. I’m ever so glad you’re safe.
I’ve had a crazy day, and I’m too tired to write it all down. But I see the newspapers.
The world’s gone bonkers, but I suppose you must have already gotten used to it.
They say that the quake was felt all the way down to the Southern Orient. That’s five thousand miles away, halfway around the planet! And the number who died… how DID we make it out alive again? 
Apparently, we’ve coupled up. I think they’re going to be sad, but they’re insane, and they deserve it. 
I’ve no idea what I’m going to do with the Knighthood, or the boons. I read that you get to ask for three, and the Throne’s got to grant it, though we don’t have to ask for them all at once. Any ideas? 
My Uncle is nice. My cousin is cute. I met Zach again, and a girl called Susannah. If it wasn’t for the fact that I have no idea of how to get anything at all to work here, it would feel like I’ve been here forever. 
When can we meet? 
Gregory.

He put this in another envelope, but not knowing her address, simply wrote her name on it. That, he thought sleepily, did not take nearly as much time as the first letter he had ever written. Letters were easy if one kept them short and to the point.
He changed into the pyjamas Uncle Quincy had laid out, and gratefully crawled into bed. There was still so much he wanted to know, and so many questions he wanted answered, but he was much too exhausted to dwell on them tonight.
Before sleep took him though, his lips stretched in a small smile: he still could not believe Uncle Quincy had let him keep over nine hundred Caesars! Despite his guilt, he couldn’t have explained his true purpose for his new wealth. For he knew exactly what it was – to buy real instruments of magic and real books of magic.
Reggie, Alf, and Mixer were all going to get their own instruments and books to learn magic if Gregory had to deliver them himself.



Chapter 8.1
Lesley's Diary - Blame - July 19, 1909
I’ve put off writing about it. I won’t anymore.
I think I might have caused the Voidmark.
I thought it as soon as I heard about it. Winnie said millions and millions of people died in the quake and the corruption of magic. 
The corruption of magic makes sense. It sounds like something a Sentinel might do (and I did feel that ocean-y feeling disappear from around me, which I think was the magic).
I can’t explain the earthquake, but what do I know of the power of Sentinels?
I should be feel stunned/uber-guilty/horrified/disgusted-with-myself/angry-at-the-Sentinel. I don’t feel any of it, because I can’t believe it.
Part of my brain finds it the logic “ancient demon caused worldwide magical corruption” very easy to understand. Much harder to understand is that I, a fifteen year old girl, caused it.
The problem is in the numbers. 
Imagine (at the worst), knocking over a candle and burning a whole hall down – you could kill a thousand people in a medium-sized hall if it was packed. I could imagine understanding, deep down, that it was my fault, and that I’m a terrible person and so on and so forth.
The Voidmark killed five million! I would have to drop five thousand candles and burn down five thousand halls, to kill that many people. If I burnt down one hall a day, every day, it would take me almost fourteen years to kill that many people.
Brains can’t imagine numbers that big, so I can’t imagine that I might really have caused the Voidmark. It’s not sinking in. 
I hope it doesn’t. I couldn’t live with it. 
I can barely stand knowing Margaery is gone. I’d hoped she was all right, but that stupid dream, with those stupid memories took care of that. 
I’d scream at mother and father for sending me into a trap, if I could get home.
Why did that stupid Sentinel have to dump me Helika?



CHAPTER 8.2
Lesley's Diary - Conspiracy - July 20, 1909
I’ve been awake here in the Falstead Refugee camp a week, and it is the most suspicious place I’ve ever seen. 
Everyone says the camp will make aid and rehabilitation easier, but that’s not the whole picture, and here is why I think so:
1.
Helika is an Observant country, yet almost every refugee in here is Reflective. Winnie said it’s because Falstead is at the meeting of four different valleys that have more Reflectives than anywhere else in Helika. That’s NOT the same as saying most of the people in those Valleys were Reflectives! Helika BARELY had Reflectives to begin with. The Reflectives outnumber the Observants in the by twenty-to-one, and outside, I bet that ratio is inverse – it’s like they’re being herded!
2.
Reflectives are pouring into the camp even now! It’s been nearly two weeks since the quake! Where were they all this time? I can question because I have a position of advantage – I can read and write! I’ve never met so many people who could not, and they all think their Hairless Wonder (as they’ve taken to calling me) is rather clever because she can. I’ve been at it for long enough now that I can tell you this – these people are coming in from far, far away. 
3. 
We’re not allowed magic anymore. The Reflectives here are mostly the farming kind, so it’s not like most of them knew magic in the first place. Even so, the only people allowed to keep their instruments are village Elders – mayors and suchlike. Oh, sorry. Elders and every bleeding Observant, whether guard or refugee. Can you believe they actually gave the official reason as, and I’m paraphrasing here, “the greater number of Reflective refugee mages could spell disaster in the event of another Voidmark”? Everyone’s grumbling about it, but quietly. We get along well enough with the Observant… because they have their own section of camp that we aren’t allowed into.
4. 
Speaking of the guards… we have full battalion of Imperial Whites here! Why do they need one thousand Spooks to guard unarmed refugees? Spooks don’t talk to us by the way. They speak to official representatives, who tell us the important matters. I thought it was some kind of dumb religious pride, but nope. It’s freaking policy – the Spooks aren’t allowed to talk to us. There’s to be no fraternisation between the guards and the prisoners whatsoever. Yes, prisoners, because that’s what it feels like. The camp has high wooden fortifications. I’ve no idea what the other side looks like. 
5.
They’re confiscating Reflective stuff. Every Reflective that comes in with so much as a bag of clothes has to declare it and put it in the common warehouse. Obviously, the Observants have to do no such thing. Upon entering the camp, Reflectives are handed out three sets of clothes, linen, standard shoes, and some toiletries… and that’s all they’re allowed to have. The reasoning? It won’t do to “foster envy among the less privileged in the camp.”
6. 
I’m not allowed to talk to the Incoming. A Spook (Riordan) is always hovering over me, and the few times I tried to make conversation beyond the filling up of forms, he barks, “No talking!” He sounds like a cockroach might. They’ve got another girl who DOES talk to the incoming – Angie. Angie feeds the incoming the exact same spiel every time – that the camp is God’s gift to Reflectives. I think this is called ‘propaganda’. A Spook’s always watching her too, and she never goes off script. It’s really creepy. 
7. 
Thankfully, the Incoming are eager to chatter, and my Spook can’t always shut them down. Their reason for fleeing to camp? Bandits. Almost a third say they can’t deal with bandits and thieves in the night anymore. I understand that the Voidmark stirred up unsavouries here and there, but to hear them talk, there’s an entire nation of bandits in these hills. Where did all these bandits come from? And why in the world would rovers target Helikan Reflectives? They aren’t even rich! They’ve never been rich. They’ve only got one thing – land. Bandits can’t carry land away; they’ve no use for it. You know who DOES have use for land? A country full of Observants who don’t think Reflectives belong here in the first place. Aren’t the bandits being just so wonderfully convenient?
8.
The Helikan Emperor has declared a National State of Emergency, and now has all the discretionary administrative power that goes with it. It’s the only other thing the incoming mention other than bandits. In other words, Helika is effectively cut-off from the rest of the outside world. Wards have been put up around the country’s borders, around every city and town and village, just like here at camp.
If I could, I’d make a wager here, but there’s no one to make it with, so I’ll just make the bet all by my lonesome:
Helika is using the Voidmark as an excuse to dispossess the Reflectives of their home, and when they’ve taken over everything, they’re going to foist the Reflectives off to Domremy and its sister states. 
That’s the best-case scenario. 
I don’t want to imagine worst case.




CHAPTER 9
Gratitude and Ghosts
‘I’m going to look like a complete idiot.’
It was Sunday. 
Gregory, Zach, Mango and Johanna were in Gregory’s bedroom. Gregory’s guests would arrive any minute; news of his waking had spread like wildfire. Uncle Quincy had made Gregory stay indoors and rest all of Saturday, saying he’d need strength to make it through the reception. 
The only reason he was putting up with it at all was because Uncle Quincy had promised that Gregory would get to meet some of his parent’s acquaintances and friends. He’d refused to wear anything sparkly, so they’d gotten him into fine, steel-grey robes.
‘No idiot will have ever looked finer,’ Zach said solemnly. ‘Besides, there’s an upside: if you do a bad enough job, maybe they’ll never ask you to do this again... hey, that’s not a half bad idea – tank this! – as badly as you can!’
‘It’s really over before it’s even begun,’ Mango soothed. ‘No one will really ask you too many questions, and the newspapers will take up most of your time anyway.’
‘Newspapers,’ Gregory muttered, ‘Reggie, Alf and Mixer will never, ever let me live it down.’
‘You’ll be fine,’ Johanna added, ‘They’ll probably be too excited to meet you to notice if you’re messing up.’
Gregory blinked. 
‘That actually helps,’ he said in surprise.
‘Greg, it’s time,’ Uncle Quincy said, poking his head in through the door.
Gregory took a deep breath and followed his Uncle out of his room and up a narrow staircase; it opened into the clear blue sky.
It took Gregory a moment to realise that the sudden noise in the air was applause – and then they descended on him in a rush of extended hands, bright colours, and thankfulness, all breathing his air. 
‘Alaric Primrose, Mr. Grey, and my sons, Ludo and Lawrence, who you’ve met-’
‘You wonderful, wonderful boy! I’m Koyuki Amagi, my daughter couldn’t be here today but she sent this card…’
Though Uncle Quincy kept the stampede semi-organised, they still flowed around him, constricting and confining. Faces popped up in front of him, holding his eyes for desperate seconds, most welling with tears, and then were pushed aside, vanishing into a cacophony of mutters.
‘Terrible, terrible day – I only wish that someone had been there for my husband, as you were there for my son, Yuri –’
‘It was no big deal really,’ he tried to tell them, ‘It was my own skin too, what’d you have done? I got lucky that’s all.’
He said it to everyone who shook his hand, or grabbed him into a hug, or cried into his shoulder, and he wasn’t sure they heard him. His litany drowned in their grief, and their utterly selfish gratitude. They were here to speak, to thank; they had no ears for someone who claimed their Hero, their miracle, was a fluke – wasn’t real.
‘Sarthak Sharma, my boy, and if you know what’s good for you, you’ll accept Priya’s, that’s my lovely wife, invitation to lunch – haha –’
‘Such a brave young man –’
‘So little – only a child – how on Earth…’
‘It’s only natural that she fell in love with her saviour – no need to hide behind me, Raeesa darling – say hi to Gregory – he won’t bite.’
‘Wear this pendant always, young Seraph – a centuries old family heirloom – call if you ever have need of us and we’ll be there.’
‘No thanks can ever be enough, sir – we are your vassals forevermore.’
Gregory moved through the blur of people, shifting from one wall of people to the next, his right arm and hand fixedly extended, constantly shaken. Earlier, Uncle Quincy had given him a few quick pointers on etiquette – (‘Shake their hands firmly, hear their thanks – if anyone carries on too long, interrupt them with a few words on how it was your pleasure to be of service and move on – accept any gifts with thanks and under no circumstances are you to accept any oaths of fealty or other such nonsense, turn them down politely but firmly – say something on the lines of ‘it’s too great an honour’ – they’ll be satisfied with that – do the same if anyone offers you their daughters in marriage, which is unlikely but you never know.’)
Many of his guests carried a thick and grey book in their hands, and they had Gregory sign it. Bewildered, but unquestioning, he did so. 
Terrified and mortified, he proceeded through the many introductions with ceremonial rigidity. After a while, he fell into a rhythm of greeting, allowing his mouth and mind to automatically sidestep the scarier declarations of gratitude. He was managing one parent a minute, which meant that he’d be done in about another thirty minutes, after which he had a brief speech, and an interview. It was bad, but not unbearably so.
There was an end to this, Gregory realised with some relief. He wasn’t sure if his grip was still firm; his hand had gone numb a while ago. 
He turned to the next Sparkler.
‘… a zeppelin? Why, of course you can have one, or even two if you like – quite serviceable – we’ll even provide the pilot, the food – what’s that you say? Payment? The very idea! – no sir, not a chance, it’s all on us y’know!’
The short, deeply kowtowing man straightened, and it was a moment before Gregory realised it wasn’t a man at all, but Zachary Zeppelin twinkling at him. 
‘I think someone wants to give you another pendant – ooh, looked like an engagement knot – how many is that now?’
‘Eight, I think. Unlikely my left toe,’ muttered Gregory.
‘That many? Are they even close to your age?’ 
‘There may have been some older sisters…’
‘You dirty little…’
‘Begone, you!’
But Mango had been right – in no time at all he was hastened to a podium in front of the crowd, with Johanna on one side (looking very pretty in a dress with animes of large, blooming hibiscus) and Uncle Quincy on the other (in his ceremonial royal blue and gold uniform, looking quite intimidating). Mango stood just behind him; she had words to say too.
Uncle Quincy introduced him:
‘Seven years ago, my sister and her family vanished, and though we all looked for her, we looked in vain. Twelve days ago, on the darkest day this world has known, their youngest son returned to us…’
Gregory quite forgot to listen; he had just looked south, and his breath caught in his throat.
Johanna had brought him up here yesterday, when he had complained of boredom; the view had taken his breath away then too: to the north and beyond lay a bright green valley, where the Spire reached for the sky, but he was higher than it’s highest point; to the west and he saw the two small towns he had seen from the balcony of the Apple, and the incredibly beautiful, misty valley in which they lay; and to the south-east, he had seen the Eyrie, the triangle-shaped township of Domremy’s richest and most important; and beyond, a plain of meadows and woods that sloped gently down.
Directly south he had seen nothing; a huge cloudbank had entirely obscured his view of what lay there – but the weather was clear today.
The three mountains could not have been more than ten kilometres away, and ten kilometres wide from east to west; together, they formed a forbidding snow-dusted massif that cut off the sky from the earth; the mountain closest to him looked downright scary, a cruel-looking wall so steep that no snow rested on its flanks.
‘That’s Murder,’ Johanna muttered, pointing at the closest mountain, ‘To its west is Monk, and west of that is Virgin – together they make the Shield.’
‘They’re huge,’ said Gregory, awed.
‘Helika is right behind them,’ Mango said, and there was distaste in her voice.
‘You don’t like Helika?’
‘No one likes Helika.’
Though Mango was whispering, she managed to hiss.
The breezy Wing encompassed the Eyrie to the west and the north; the west ramparts stretched south to another, much closer peak. Cut into that peak was the Hanging Palace of Occilox, a curious collection of slender towers with shared bridges that soared high above the ground. A great orange flag flew at half-mast from the highest tower.
Gregory started – Uncle Quincy had touched his shoulder – it was his turn to speak. Flushing, he stepped up to the podium, where the speech Uncle Quincy had written lay. He read it without hearing it, and when the applause came at the end, he barely heard that; the speech had been very populist – it wasn’t him.
The worst was over; his guests streamed away with final handshakes. The open landing, now empty, looked a lot larger. Massive platters and trays of food had been heartily demolished, but Zach and Mango had managed to sneak a goodly amount of desserts away from the horde. 
Uncle Quincy brought up ten plush beanbags, and a small folding table for the desserts. The party settled into a cosy circle: Gregory, Mango, Zach, Uncle Quincy, and six grown ups who had been friends of Vincent and Veracity Grey. They tucked into butterscotch pudding.
‘Cheers,’ Zach said, sipping at his wine. They all had a glass – even Johanna had a tiny cupful. 
‘Cheers!’
‘You’re exactly half and half of your mum and dad,’ said a vast and dark old man named Dambisa Moyo. ‘Never would have figured the two of them would have got together.’
‘Why not?’ Gregory asked.
‘Your dad never gave your mum the time of the day, did he?’ the man laughed. ‘The poor girl, I remember how furious and miserable she’d get.’ 
‘He didn’t like her?’
‘I wouldn’t put it like that,’ said dark-haired Prachi Gupta. ‘Your dad, he was a rather… driven person, you might say. It’s like he didn’t see her, or at least, didn’t see her anymore than he saw others.’
‘Mad your dad was, even if he didn’t cackle. It was a quiet sort of mad,’ the tall and balding Phillip Kudryavstev said affectionately.
‘He wasn’t mad. He was just too involved in his own things,’ Prachi said.
‘He was mad alright, at least when he was pretending to be,’ the pale Mikko Hyponnen insisted. ‘Ever see one of his stand ups?’
‘Stand ups?’ Gregory asked
‘Comedy routines,’ said the short and stout Corby Griesenbeck. ‘Put him on a stage, and your dad was funnier than… than… than a cat that’s had it’s ball of string stolen by a puppy. He’d have the whole place in fits for hours. Off it though, you’d hardly ever notice him – tall though he was.’
‘Yeah, that happened a lot,’ said the last of Gregory’s parent’s friends here, a demure man named Andrew Heidemann. ‘He’d enter a room and you’d never see him coming in – and then he’d have something to say –and suddenly, he was all you could see.’
‘You know how there are people who fade into the background?’ Prachi said. ‘Your dad faded into the foreground, and then he stayed there. When he was on stage, I could hardly look anywhere else.’
‘And that’s not the only time he took to stage. Do you remember his duel with that American fellow – Jeremiah Alfreth his name was, I think.’
‘Ooooooo, yes! How could I ever forget! Crazy, crazy fight.’
The whole room tittered in dreamy recollection; Gregory was grinning too. ‘He got into a fight?’ 
‘No, a duel,’ Dambisa boomed. ‘A formal one – an exhibition match with one of the students from another Gurukul that’d come over as part of an exchange programme.’
‘Jerry-boy – that was what we all began calling him after – because he’d call everybody his ‘boy’ – Jerry-boy had been winning some tournaments in his own circuit… and no doubt he was good – but he had a way about him that just ticked people off!’
‘And the looks he’d give you – ugh,’ Prachi snorted in disgust. 
‘Anyway, he’d let victory inflate his head a bit,’ said Phillip, eager to be part of the telling, ‘and wanted to prove his mettle against the best the Caverns had to offer – and he’d heard about your dad. He challenged – your dad refused, very politely and everything, mind you.’
‘And then he put his toe over the line,’ Andrew said, smiling a little.
‘Aye, he goes to one of your dad’s shows, and starts heckling him – and that’s okay really – hecklers can be fun… not him though – he was as annoying as hecklers ever get. But then he said something to the effect of your dad being too scared to get into a ring with him.’
‘I still remember how the whole room just hushed up – still gives me goosebumps,’ Dambisa said, ‘And the cocky little puffin didn’t get why – and your dad smiles, bows and accepts the challenge right there on the stage. And well-’
‘Your dad swept the floor with him, then went on to sandpaper and polish it,’ Mikko said with vicious relish.
‘Till it shone!’ Prachi said, an equally wicked look on her face.
Chuckles burst out all over the room, and Gregory felt something warm swell in his chest, a feeling that carried on when the conversation turned to his mother. 
‘Mad,’ said Mikko at once, ‘but not like your dad. Not at all like your dad.’
Dambisa looked thoughtful. ‘Veracity Lake… let me put it this way – she was sharp, but like a whip, not a knife. Brilliant, maybe even more so than your father – not that it helped her any.’
‘Why not?’ Gregory asked.
‘She was completely erratic,’ Prachi said, ‘couldn’t keep her mind fixed on anything for long – always jumping from one thing to another.’
‘– runecraft one week, Shamanate history the next, then alchemy, back to history but with a focus on Persian nomads –’ Corby said.
‘The only things she did with any sort of regularity were her garden, stargazing and the piano,’ Andrew said.
‘She played the piano?’ Gregory asked.
Dambisa sighed. ‘Like a maestro.’
Gregory suddenly wished he’d tried more than banging a few keys on the Director’s clunky old keyboard.
‘– completely spoiled, of course –’ Prachi was saying.
‘– she wasn’t that bad –’ Phillip defended.
‘Yeah, right!’ Mikko said. ‘Listen, she had the devil’s own temper, and her tongue could cut stone to ribbons! Absolutely ruthless! If she set her sights on somebody, everyone sensible ran for the hills and everyone else would sit down for the show… behind solid shield spells, of course.’ 
‘Now you’re just exaggerating – don’t listen, Greg,’ began Phillip.
‘Not all of us wear rose-tinted glasses, Phil,’ Mikko said. ‘I’ll be the first to say she was as gracious and courteous as you could ask anyone to be… in the right mood. But when she wanted something, it was to be hers and she'd move everything to get it, and you know it.’
‘Good thing too,’ giggled Corby, who’d been going heavy on the wine. He pointed at Gregory, saying, ‘Or you’d have never come along.’
‘Yeah – you said dad didn’t like… I mean, didn’t see her?’ Gregory pressed.
‘Not for all the while she tried to catch him,’ Andrew said. ‘She'd coupled up before, of course, the pretty girl. Guys would flock to her – all she had to do was crook a finger. Not your dad though. It was a couple of performances after the duel – she gushed about his performance – he thanked her and then he left. I don't think I’ve ever seen her so confused, like her world had hiccupped.’
‘He became another project of hers,’ Corby said. ‘Another obsession, and we thought she’d get over it… but no. She pursued him with a single mindedness that you’d never seen in her before – not that it worked – at the time anyway.’ 
‘It wasn't as if she was stalking him or anything, of course,’ Phillip began again.
Andrew scoffed. 
‘She was totally stalking him,’ he said. 
‘Shut it you!’ 
‘Same classes. Same assignments, there at every after school show – sure she wasn’t stalking him,’ Andrew said, ticking off his fingers
‘Their interests matched!’ 
‘If you say so.’
‘They got together, didn’t they?’ Phillip said heatedly.
‘Not the way she planned it.’
‘What was it?’ Gregory interrupted.
‘Your mum was working on a thesis for her final year and your dad heard about it,’ Mikko said. ‘She was heavily into magical inheritance via cultural transmission, massive geek that she was. Always complained that no one paid enough attention to the affect gypsies had on it. Combed through what she could of world folklore… I don’t remember much about it, but I think it was smack dab in your dad's area of expertise – so he lectured her. They argued of sixteen hours straight if I remember right – and at the end of it, he asked her out - and like you said, the world hiccupped again.’
Gregory listened spellbound as each of his guests narrated their stories of his parents, drifting back and forth between uproarious laughter and melancholy anecdotes. They’d been drinking for a while now, and eventually a few wet eyes spilled their tears down noses and into wine glasses.
‘The besht people ever – your mum and dad. Loyal, y’know? That mattersh. You be loyal too, y’hear?’ Corby said, wagging a fat finger at Gregory.
‘Anyone talksh shmack aboot them, you let ush know,’ Phillip said. ‘We’re friendsh and we’ll tich them a lesshin in mannersh. And you – you’sh like our own kid… our own babe, y’know?’
‘Aye, cute baby you were,’ Prachi said. ‘And so grown up now, so handsome.’
‘Like his dad!’ Dambisa bellowed.
‘I thought you ought to have been a girl,’ Mikko said, frowning, and a little cross-eyed.
‘Huhuhu.’
‘Heehee.’
Gregory bore all of it with dignity, even as Zach and Pepper snickered. When his parent’s friends finally left, and Uncle Quincy had flown off to office, they went back to Gregory’s room, and to the mountain of presents on his bed. Gregory sank beside the mountain; he was exhausted, and exhilarated.
 ‘Still with us then?’ Zach teased. ‘Head not exploded from all that hot air you inhaled a while ago? Could’ve sworn it was enough to float the Scheherezade.’
‘Shut it, you! Let him relax,’ Mango said.
‘I think that Prachi woman might have had a thing for your dad,’ Zach said.
Mango nodded ‘Yeah, and Phillip for your mum.’
‘If you’re trying to make me barf, it’s almost working,’ Gregory said, yawning.
Zach skipped over to the bed and jumped onto it with both feet. ‘You know what you need? To relax! Nothing more relaxing than a pile of gifts waiting to be unwrapped. Get ripping!’
Gregory was fourteen – no amount of exhaustion was going to keep him from presents. So they pulled out the contents of Gregory’s trunk out to join the pile on his bed.
The first package yielded a plain cloak. 
‘You look disappointed,’ Zach observed.
‘What? No…well, I though these things were going to be kind of…’
‘Ostentatious?’ Mango suggested.
‘Well, yeah. This is actually kind of nice. Funny though – it feels warm on one side, cool on the other,’ Gregory said, running it through his fingers. It was light and soft.
‘Ooh, switcher cloak. Excellent camping gear, keeps you toasty when it’s cold and chilled out when it’s hot. Comfortable in all weathers, see?’ Zach said.
‘Neat,’ Gregory said, reluctantly appreciative.
‘I bet they’re all enchanted,’ Mango said, just as eager.
‘Don’t stop now,’ Zach said, tossing him another one.
The gifts piled up on the couch; the wrapping paper piled on the floor. There were many gifts, but some were a lot more impressive than the others.
There was a self-tightening belt that folded, lengthened or hardened on Gregory’s intuitive command; a pair of gloves that protected his hands but restricted no sensation, even in his fingers; a pair of boots that lengthened impact time, allowing for falls from greater heights; a hat that tilted against the sun; glare-adaptive goggles; a silver and emerald brooch charmed to repel insects; an icemaker; a very curious, small, and rectangular device of uncertain function; a knife; a bronze amulet that could be affixed into any entrance to seal it so long it had some source of magical energy to draw upon; a poison-detecting chalice; a tome of duelling spells; a tome on non-magical combat; a tome on wilderness survival; an advanced first aid kit; a self-focusing spyglass; and a map that showed the area in his immediate ten metre radius in incredible detail.
Zach picked up the spyglass, tracing what looked like a small crest. ‘Family heirlooms, the lot of them. Are you sure they want a hero? This looks like assassin gear.’
Gregory picked up his gifts with some awe. Any one of these would be worth a fortune, certainly worth a lot more than any trinket he could have stolen from any gypsies. He picked up the brooch. ‘I could wear this all the time and never worry about bed bugs or mosquitoes again.’
Zach blanched. ‘Bed bugs? Ugh. I don’t want to know.’
‘Once, we had to burn every mattress and pillow in our orphanage. Those things got in everywhere, even hair, and…’
‘I don’t want to know!’ 
‘You alright, Greg?’ Mango asked.
‘I’m shiny,’ Gregory said, perhaps a little too quickly. 
‘Still, cool stuff, your parents,’ Zach said.
‘Yeah,’ said Gregory, then, on an impulse: ‘But that thesis my mum and dad were working on, it wasn’t mum’s alone – they submitted it together.’
‘Eh? How’d you reckon that?’ Zach asked.
‘I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell anyone else,’ Gregory said, and then added to Johanna, ‘And you either.’
They swore to keep his secret at once, so he told them of his talk with Rathborne, his fear that the Cavern and it’s contents might be destroyed, and deciding to get his parent’s records out of there.
‘For all I knew, magic was gone forever,’ Gregory said. ‘I wasn’t going to let anyone burn the only things that could tell me about my mother and father.’
‘Fine, but I still haven’t forgiven you for being so stupid,’ Mango said frowning. Gregory unconsciously touched his right shoulder; today morning was the first time he had seen Mango since the Voidmark, and the first thing she had done upon their meeting was punch his shoulder with all the strength she had. The second thing she’d done was tell him in no uncertain terms that regardless of what anyone said, she was not coupling up with him.
Gregory successfully contained his complete lack of disappointment.
It turned out that the figure that had sprinted past Gregory right after the scream had been Mango’s aunt. She had rallied the other professors back into the corridor, by which point the great spectre had vanished, and all they had found was a heavily bleeding Gregory.
‘They did their first aid thing,’ Mango said, ‘but you didn’t look so bad… or at least, not as bad as you’d expect someone who’d just been stabbed through the chest to look… but you wouldn’t wake up either.
‘We didn’t even know magic was back until your Uncle came flying over the cliff with this whole team of Healers… and then we heard how bad the quake had been, and the news got worse day after day.’
‘Were… are your mum and dad alright?’ Gregory asked cautiously.
Mango nodded, but said sadly, ‘I lost a couple of cousins though. We weren’t close or anything, but…’
She trailed off, and looked down into her lap.
‘Almost everyone’s lost somebody,’ she said quietly. ‘I went down to Coffer Street a few days ago, just to get away from home – my aunts and uncles were mourning with us – and this old woman came up to me… she thought I was her granddaughter at first… started to cry all over me – I let her.’
There was a moment where no one knew quite what to say anymore; Johanna dropped her eyes to the book in her lap (she always had a book).
‘Do you read a lot?’ Zach asked her.
Without taking her eyes off the page, Johanna said, ‘It’s the only thing there to do when Dad isn’t here. I don’t have school for another year, so…’ 
‘Me too,’ Gregory said.
Johanna looked sceptical. ‘You’re a boy,’ she said. ‘Boy’s don’t read.’
Gregory merely grinned. 
Johanna dragged them off to what she called her Den. It did resemble a den; a low, curved ceiling, walls entirely covered in bookshelves (most of which were empty), and a bed beside a window with a wide ledge to sit on.
‘Dad said that I could buy up and read all the books that I want. I keep the books I’ve finished reading on the wall,’ she said solemnly. Gregory sensed she was proud of her small collection, which was limited to illustrated books for children, folklore and Shamanate anecdotes. They were large and colorful and filled six of her fifty shelves. 
‘You’ve read all of these?’ Gregory asked.
Johanna nodded, trying not to look too proud. ‘Have you?’
Gregory nodded. ‘You need more. What happens when you run out?’
‘I go to the Wormhole,’ Johanna said.
‘The what?’
Five minutes later, the party was out and on its way. The Eyrie was an impossible looking latticework of flowery and shady pathways, houses stacked on each other, and stairs with landings that served as public paths and private landings at once. Bright blooms beamed out of unexpected corners.
Johanna led them through the maze to a clearing with a massive earthen dome. 
‘The Wormhole,’ she announced, looking eagerly at Gregory.
When they stepped inside, Gregory decided he’d found heaven. A vast tunnel crammed with books on all sides receded into the distance, all of it lit up by a uniform golden glow. He followed Johanna in looking all around with almost painful hunger. How was he ever going to finish reading these, even if he read for the rest of his life?
He walked slowly, taking in the titles… Peril and Prose at Khyber Pass… the Secret of the Auroras… Swimming with Sharks at Sipadan… The Hot Springs of Gaia… tens of thousands more.
‘Does this place only have books on geography?’ he asked Johanna a little disappointedly.
‘What? No, silly, that’s just the Geography section,’ Johanna told him a second before they stepped into a massive hall. 
Gregory stared and stared and stared. He felt like crying. Books. Books everywhere. Books on tables, books on chairs and books on shelves. Books stuffed into little hollows in the walls. Books dangerously close to a fire. Books wrapped in beautiful leather and brand new, or with peeling, faded fronts. Books on ladders leading up to tunnels dug high into the walls, which had more books.
‘Hallo again, Jo,’ said a kindly voice. 
Gregory turned and fell in love all over again. Hair in a bun with curly ringlets falling down the sides of the face, check. Nerdy spectacles, check. Curvy and devastatingly pretty, check. 
‘Reese, hello,’ said Johanna. ‘Assistant-librarian, my cousin Gregory. Gregory, the assistant-librarian Reese Frelinger.’
‘Gregory… oh my goodness, you’re the Hero. What you did was the bravest thing ever,’ Reese gushed, stars in her eyes.
Gregory decided that being a Hero had its perks. 
‘E-heh-heh,’ he managed to say.
‘Sorry darling, what was that?’
Gregory decided some actual words might help him out. ‘It was pretty crazy, yeah. I can tell you about it if you like.’
‘Oh, you absolutely must!’
The next thirty minutes passed quickly, at least for Gregory and Zach, who had also taken a fancy to the pretty librarian. The boys barely noticed Mango and Johanna’s annoyance. Gregory and Reese kept their eyes on each other, though she would look at Zach when he jumped in with a comment or described his wrestle with the spectre in the pond. Occasionally, she would touch Gregory’s hand or arm and it took everything he had to go on speaking and not lose his thoughts in the bewitching flow of her expressions. 
‘… I can remember it clear as anything, though I can’t remember the pain… that claw, sliding in like the sharpest knife ever… and it felt cold, really cold…and that’s the last thing I remember.’
‘Can I see?’ Reese asked, and Gregory let her pull back his tunic to bare that cruel looking scar, his breath hitching as she traced it with her finger.
‘It looks horrible,’ Reese whispered to Gregory, and neither of the two noticed Johanna’s thin lips. ‘Have you decided on your boons yet?’ 
Gregory shook his head.
Johanna had had enough. Smiling sweetly, she pulled Mango to stand in front of Reese too.
‘Gregory’s girlfriend was there too, you know?’ she said. ‘She’s also getting knighted.’
‘We’re not coupled up,’ Gregory and Mango said together.
‘You kissed!’
‘Did not!’
Mango looked struck by thought.
‘What?’ Gregory asked her.
‘I just realised – you could probably find out more things about your parents here,’ she said.
‘What? How?’
‘The Wormhole is Domremy’s official archive,’ she said excitedly. ‘I think they’ve got records of every paper published within Domremy’s borders… and there must be papers that tell how your parents disappeared. They newspapers keep saying it was a big deal, don’t they?’
Gregory turned to Reese, just as excited. ‘Do you think I could have a look at them?’
‘Of course,’ Reese said at once, ‘I’ve actually kept them aside – you’re not the first person this week to come asking for them.’
A little later, Gregory exited the library as a newly minted Worm of the Wormhole, a stack of newspapers tucked under his arm. Johanna insisted that he wear his membership badge, a blue-bronze trinket.
‘That shows you belong, see?’ she said, her tone not allowing any argument.
That night, when Mango and Zach had left, and Johanna was buried in her book on his armchair, Gregory dove into the papers Reese had picked out for him, and for several hours, there wasn’t a single sound but the rustling of pages.
The story of the disappearance of the Grey family begins eight years ago, on the eight of June, when a small paper reports an ‘incident of civil disturbance’ in a small town in Slavia, close to the western border of Tsarzemlya, or The Tzarlands. The disturbance took place on the fourth of June. The Grey family are believed to be in the region, having travelled with the Gremlin Tribe for two months leading up to the date of the incident. It is speculated that the storytelling duo may adopt the incident into one of their rare original story attempts.
Three months pass before Alicia Lake Appleby sends a letter of inquiry to the Domremin Embassy in Slavia, asking for a report on the whereabouts of the Greys; Alicia’s sister has not responded to any of her recent letters. 
Three weeks later, a consternated and apologetic reply from the Domremin Embassy informs Alicia Lake Appleby that her sister’s family is untraceable. Officials are despatched to the Gremlin tribe, which had long progressed into Tsarzemlya, and they are told that the Grey family parted from the tribe a mere two days before the civil disturbance; they shared no reason or purpose for this parting – indeed, the gypsies had been under the impression that the Greys would continue to travel with them until November that year. 
An innkeeper’s records corroborate this; the Greys checked in on the second of June. As was their custom, they paid for their daily lodging on the morning of the fourth, and went out sometime around noon, five hours before the civil disturbance. The Greys are not seen again by any soul in the town. Their luggage is left behind in their room.
Alicia and Quincy Appleby commission the initial search for the Greys. Notices with portraits were put out in every major newspaper in Slavia and nearby regions. There was, however, no known portrait of young Gregory Grey, so a description was provided instead. Alicia Appleby personally goes and interviews everyone who last saw the Greys. This turns up only one extra detail: a Kamille Rothskin claims she saw a highly excited Veracity Grey storm through the lobby of the inn less than an hour before the Greys left for the last time.
Subsequent investigation fails to turn up more leads. Six months later, the Greys are pronounced ‘missing, presumed dead’, though the Applebys declare a reward for any substantial information that might lead to their whereabouts.
Through out all this, the disappearance of the Greys plays only at the edges of public attention. Though well-regarded storytellers, they are not yet the household names they would become – that happens four months later, when rumours abound that the missing family is back, and about to publish a new volume of folktales. There is slump in interesting news that month, and a couple of talented junior writers (and self-confessed Grey fans) employed by The Seraphic play up the mystery of the vanished family. 
On the 4th of June, the anniversary of the Grey family’s last sighting, to crowd of over fifteen hundred, the Wormhole unveils the publishers – Alicia and Quincy Appleby. Alicia Appleby makes a moving and heartfelt speech about the incredible contribution the Greys made to Domremin culture and speaks of characters of the Greys themselves. Quincy Appleby speaks about the book being published – it is the work of the Greys, anecdotes and notes taken from their unpublished manuscripts; greatly annotated, unedited and very raw; full of introductory and explanatory passages; but with their unmissable narrative flair and structure. 
The volume is called The Grey Unwritten, and it reveals a great surprise: a series of short but charming original stories called Leisl and Oddy, which follow the adventures of a young girl and her stuffed rabbit; in which the girl, sorry for the rabbit’s inanimate state, allows it’s soul to occasionally inhabit her own body; this develops into a series of adventures where the cunning rabbit must save the day from the disasters that the intrepid girl inevitably leads them into. The volume credits these stories to six-year-old Gregory Grey.
The Grey Unwritten captures public imagination like few things ever have. The intimate insight it offers into the minds of the vanished family rouses the people into a renewed search for them. The Throne itself takes an interest. The book is printed in great numbers and distributed far and wide. At the back of each copy is a comprehensive timeline of the Grey family’s activities and detailed transcripts of interviews with the people who met them on their last journey. Tips and clues begin pouring in from a great number of sources, and most are insubstantial.
A few new details crop up unexpectedly, and they are seemingly alarming. It is reported that Veracity Grey was seen reading an ancient treatise on inheritance, which, though not banned, is widely considered as preparatory reading for necromantics. Vincent Grey was seen frequently associating with the criminal class, purportedly because they were descended from gypsies of old. They were also seen in friendly conversation with an ambassador of the Red Shamans, a group known for its secularly divisive politics and suspected of covert violence against Reflectives.
The Appleby family, with the Throne’s backing, is quick to respond to these findings: the Greys had forever associated with undesirables in their travels in their quest to preserve the authenticity of their research, which also explains Veracity Grey’s reading choices – there is widespread evidence that much of ancient folklore is based on even older treatises of blood magic and necromancy. Their incredible charm and public humility was well known; their willingness to mingle without concern for faith or class or race had endeared them greatly to the general public.
But with no further news, public interest wanes. The mystery of the Greys enters popular legend, and efforts to uncover their whereabouts die away.
Then, six years later, Gregory Grey turns up out of nowhere, and with Mango Piper, saves nearly fifty children from the demons of the Voidmark.
Gregory put the last of the newspapers down, a little dazed. Johanna looked up.
‘Find anything interesting?’ she asked.
‘I’ve written a book?’



CHAPTER 9.1
Lesley's Diary - Lost Boxes - July 21, 1909
The people in Falstead Refugee Camp are behaving very, very strangely. I think I know why, but let me get to that.
Mr. Holmes may have made cold-reading look mysterious, but seriously, there’s nothing fascinating about it. I’ve been thinking, and sure, it’s brilliant that he knows how many different kinds of ashes a cigar can produce, or that scratches on a watch tells you that that the owner is a habitual drunkard… but normal people don’t need all that nonsense.
I’ve figured out cold reading for amateurs, and it goes like this:
People fall into ‘boxes’. These ‘boxes’, and the words that they contain, define who people are. It’s how they and others see themselves. 
For example, every job is its own box – people have very specific pictures in their head about ‘teachers’, ‘healers’, ‘soldier’, ‘instrument maker’, or ‘farmers’. The second anyone says these words, a picture (with its own set of words) lights up in people’s heads, and they expect the people in these pictures to act in particular ways according to their jobs. You know – teachers are ‘strict’, healers are ‘kind’, farmers are ‘hard working’, politicians are ‘cunning’, and soldiers are ‘brave’. 
There are other kinds of boxes of course, such as the kind of situation you’re in. If you’re being bullied, then that’s a box with words such as ‘small’, ‘afraid’, ‘quiet’, ‘meek’, ‘weak’, and ‘invisible’ to put you in. If you’re in your twenties without a job, then that’s a box with words such as ‘lazy’, ‘lost’, ‘moody’, ‘insecure’, ‘poor’, and ‘lonely’. 
The kind of friends you keep is a box. The hobbies you have is another box. Your relationship with your family is another box. Whether you’re Reflective or Observant is another box. The kind of feelings you most often express is also a box. Your favourite memories are a box. Your greatest successes, failures and shames are all boxes.
You could complain, that if people fall into identical boxes, why don’t people in the same boxes behave in the exactly same way? Well, just being in a box doesn’t mean that all of the words in that box must apply to you – some of them do, and some of them don’t. But once people know your boxes, they will begin to suspect and guess which words in your box most applies to you, and over time, they will get better at guessing about you. 
For example: a soldier’s box could contain ‘fights like mad because he’s fearless’ or ‘fights like mad because he’s fearful’, or even ‘runs away like mad because he’s fearful’.  Once you’re in a soldier’s box, any of these might apply to you (and any of them might not). 
You probably have a second complaint – if people fall into so many different boxes, what’s the point of knowing about boxes? Here’s the thing – some boxes matter more than others. I think if you know about five to seven of a person’s most important boxes, and you sort them from the very most important to the least most important, you’ll have a good idea of who that person really, really is.
For example: Uncle Gordon’s boxes are, in order – scientist, the King’s overshadowed younger brother, hermit, unmarried, untidy, and romantic. If that is not a complete picture of Uncle Gordon, nothing will ever be.
Here is where things get interesting – people see themselves in boxes too! They may not see themselves as objectively or impartially as a stranger, but how people see themselves is the most important collection of boxes. When you think you know what your boxes are, you think you know who you are. This knowledge drives your actions; it gives you peace of mind; it lets you know where you stand in the world.
Which is why losing one’s boxes is the worst thing that can happen to a person. 
The people of Falstead forest are behaving very, very strangely because they’ve lost their boxes.
They were farmers, and now they’ve lost their farms. They were mothers, and fathers, and siblings, and children, and now they’ve lost their families. They were landlords, and now they must share a camp. They ware mages; their instruments have been taken from them.  They were free, now there is a wooden stockade circling them. They had names, now the Spooks call them by their numbers. 
All those boxes – gone. They’re untethered, unanchored, unmoored. Drifting.
They’re trying to make up for it. Everyone is behaving as if their job was the most important job in the world, and as if without them, the whole camp would grind to a halt. I suppose I could grant that if Linus wasn’t on linen duty, we’d all be in trouble, but when Taco acts so pompous because he gets to hand out the ration-slips… well, it’s harder to be generous.
They’re trying to be cheerful about it. They celebrate birthdays, play charades and the Spooks let them get away with midnight rounds of Euchre. Everyone’s making new friends. But sometimes, when I walk between the tents when things are quiet, I can hear people crying quietly in a hidden corner. It’s happened thrice now. 
Why am I not as afraid as the other refugees? Because I haven’t had time to collect too many boxes of my own. ‘Brilliant’, ‘stubborn’, ‘arrogant’, ‘hates people’ (mother’s words, not mine; I quite like people – they give me a lot to crib about), ‘Princess’, ‘judgmental’ and ‘confrontational’ – I’m practically all there. 
I should take out ‘Princess’, and put in ‘Demon-Queen’ though.



CHAPTER 9.2 
Lesley's Diary - Crime and Punishment - July 21, 1909
Cassius is a man with a plan. 
Sometimes, in the middle of the night, the kids of the camp get together to get a little drunk, and sweat out a few rounds of Euchre. This happens in Cassius’s tent. He’s paid off a few Spooks, who are now a somewhat lax about enforcing curfew. Somehow he manages to arrange for moonshine for everybody.
In between all this fun and good times though, there’s a lot of rhetoric.
Let me draw out the situation for you:
The kids are all between thirteen and twenty-two. Cassius himself is only twenty-one, but he acts a lot older. They’re bored of their camp chores, angry at everybody for their situation, always ready to fight.
It’s when everyone starts whining about their little problems that Cassius really lays it on thick. He sympathises and empathises with everyone’s problems, real or imagined. He tells them they all deserve better. He encourages them to share their stories of ill-treatment or loss at the hands of Spooks. At the end of one of these sessions, the air of self-pity, martyrdom, and vulnerability in the tent is so thick I want to strangle someone.
In his rhetoric though, Cassius keeps hinting about a plan, about change to come, about how it won’t always be like this, and how when this is all over, we’d ‘come into our own’, and ‘forge our own destinies’, instead of letting others tell us what to do. He’s been going on like this for a week now. 
I thought I’d write about it today, because he was a lot more concrete and clear about what he says we want, rather than the vague and ambiguous reassurances we’d heard all week.
There was a catalyst for this:
Jeffery is seventeen years old. He’s tall, and red-haired, and likes to put on a devil-may-care face. He’s tried to flirt with me a few times, and I told him no in the soft way, and a little later, in the hard way (I think he hates me a little now, because everyone was laughing at him when he curled up on the floor; but he can’t fault me – I gave him fair warning). 
Well, for once, the devil did care. The idiot crossed over to the Observant side of the camp and got caught. It wasn’t the first time he’d done it; a couple of nights ago he brought back some really good chocolate liqueurs. He tried to do it again the day before, and we’d wondered why he hadn’t turned up last night. Today we found out – he’d spent last night in a cell. And this morning, while I was at the Gate handling the Incoming, they strung him up to the Pole at the stockade, and laid a cane to his back fifty times. 
When I arrived tonight, Cassius had him spread out belly down on his own bed like some sort of sick exhibition. Winnie had given me a small pot of healing salve (she’s not allowed to distribute magical items, so it’s secret), and while I brushed it over his back, we all heard him describe what it was like. He whimpered the whole time, as if his they’d broken his mind as certainly as they’d broken his body. They all looked at me as if I was some sort of angel, and that was nice, even if entirely inaccurate.
I don’t ever want to be whipped. 
Cassius has a way of using words that makes what he’s saying more powerful. There’s a rhythm, a variation in force, changes in volume, drawing out certain words, shortening others that make listening to him almost hypnotic. I recognise it in him, because I’ve seen Father practice it for hours and hours on end. I don’t think Cassius practices any of it. And when he speaks, the others listen.
“They’re trying to rob us of who we are,” he said. “They’re taking away from us everything we used to be and they’re leaving us without a place in this world. They punished Jeffery with fifty lashes, for chocolate. What punishment would they inflict, I wonder, if we demanded our basic right to magic? Only one thing sets us apart from Helikan sheep, and that is that we seek Communion with, not subservience to our gods.”
And then he invited us to explain if we felt diminished… and then he came to me. I’ve tried not to be dragged into their complaint circles, but tonight, for some reason, he insisted that we all speak. 
So I did. 
I think ole Cassius was a bit taken aback to find that someone else could also be eloquent, but I served his purpose so he did not complain. I laid it out – the conspiracy I thought was afoot, orchestrated by a mad Empire. 
It was only when I finished speaking that I realised something – things sound a lot less alarming on paper than when you’re speaking to someone. They heard it all – the confiscations and the segregation; the fact that the camp resembles a prison more than it resembles a camp; that we’re cut off from the outside world and have no idea if our letters are getting through to anybody at all; and that the stories about bandits are likely just that – stories.
When I finished, they all looked as if I’d contracted Baba Yaga to hunt them down in their nightmares. Except Cassius, who looked as if he’d fallen in love with me. 
Also, I’m a little surprised about how angry I am at the scene at the camp. It may have been the sight of Jeffery’s back, or the fact that my nose is a little crooked now, but there’s this fire somewhere between the centre of my brain and my eyes… and it wants to start burning things down.
Cassius says he has an idea he’ll discuss with me tomorrow.



CHAPTER 9.3
Lesley’s Diary – Smuggling – July 24, 1909
I think Cassius truly may be in love with me now. 
On the plus side, I have to deal with the affections of a pair of brothers – woe is me (who am I kidding, the attention/competition is ecstasy). On the minus side – he’s taken to speaking at me in what I’m sure he thinks is a respectful tone of voice, but actually sounds like the kindly uncle who’s always trying to get you to sit on his lap.
Not killing him during every conversation is doing wonders for my self-control.
But, as I’ve mentioned before, Cassius is a man with a plan.
We’ve suspected for a while that the letters people here in the camp send out aren’t going where they’re supposed to, because we never get any replies. We’re cut off from the world in practically every way that matters. Cassius wants to fix that. He doesn’t have his own instrument, but someone in the camp does, and Cassius is going to get this secret mage to obscure letters. 
I’m his delivery system.
Not everyone who comes to camp must join it. Some refuse the wonderful hospitality of the Spooks, and journey on after restocking. My job is going to be to hand them the letters to deliver to an address that will only un-obscure once the letter is a certain distance away from the camp. Once it’s delivered, the messengers receive a generous amount of coin. 
Cassius hints that the letters may make their way out of the country. 
Of course, we have to communicate all this to those who turn away without Riordan catching on, and this means a little bit skulduggery. Now, for every Incoming, I have to hand out pamphlets that inform them in pretty words what the camp offers. If I can get Cassius some of the pamphlets, his mage can charm them such that Riordan will see one thing and the incoming will see another. 
I’m really curious about WHO this mage is now, though, because that’s an insanely complex sort of charm – I think there could be mind reading involved.
Look at me, all excited.



CHAPTER 9.4
Lesley's Diary - Guilt - July 23, 1909
I can’t make up my mind whether to kill Charlie or thank him. For all that his face looks like pizza, the boy is growing on me (I never knew sincere attention could feel so nice). He keeps his distance, but is always around, which at once stressful and reassuring.
I can’t quite remember how or why, but we were speaking of his best friend, who had not survived the Voidmark, and Charlie had been telling me the story of how, swinging from ropes tied to trees, they had collided with each other in mid-air and fallen fifteen feet… and I realised I couldn’t be his friend.
After all, I’d murdered his true best friend.
It’s funny how no one I’ve met in the camp talks about those they’ve lost… really talks about them. The dead may get mentioned in passing, but then the conversation almost deliberately turns away to something less morbid. Aside from Charlie, no one, absolutely no one, talks about those they’ve lost. Charlie said that Mort lived only in his memory now, and that speaking of him was the only way to honour that memory.
How do I explain this… 
I don’t get sentimental about things, but there’s one thing that always sets me off. It sets my brain on fire, my tears flowing, my vision becomes a little red, I get a sick sort of hunger in my belly, and nothing would make me happier than cursing off the faces of those responsible…
A little over two thousand years ago, on the south bank of the Mediterranean, the Alexandrian Kingdom had a library. Not just a library – THE Library. The written human world had been getting back to its feet after nearly being annihilated in the Sentinel Wars, and that Library was tasked with the collection and protection of the world’s complete scientific, cultural, philosophical, magical and literary knowledge. And it did – every great story that was ever told, every discovery ever made, every poem ever written or stars ever named; genealogies and inheritances, laws and philosophies; glyphs and runes and charms – everything that mattered, a record of it was kept in the library. Some of these records were the only ones in the whole world.
Over the next six or seven hundred years, the Library of Alexandria did its job, and became the world’s greatest repository of knowledge. 
Nineteen hundred or so years ago, a man came out of the Judean Desert. He claimed to know of only one true divinity. Over the next two hundred years, his followers warped his words, teachings and philosophies and become a powerful religious force in their own right. They were a small cult to begin with and the Shamanate let them get away with their ‘silliness’. But two hundred years is a long time for such cults to fester. They declared that magic (which, at the time, was a privilege restricted only to the elite) was an abhorrence of nature, a leftover from the Sentinels deployed by a Master Demon. They rewrote history to claim that Seraphs were and always had been angels sent down by the one true divinity. They preached of a world where all were mundane… and all were equal in the eyes of the one true Divine.
Finally, they gained enough power and influence among the mundane and the underprivileged that these camps became politically powerful, and then, militarily so. In the Second Century, they fought the first ever Holy War. In the Third Century, they fought the second. And in the fourth century, they fought the third and final Holy War and for a while, it seemed as though they would win. But it wasn’t just power they sought – it was the total and complete eradication of the magical way of life. In that pursuit, every thing that was ever discovered under the influence of Ancient Shamanic Culture was declared blasphemous, and destroyed. In the year 343, they razed the library of Alexandria to the ground. 
I first heard this story when I was ten, and even then, I thought someone was having me on. People are antsy and protective about their libraries even now – a library as great as the one in Alexandria – no way anyone would have dared touch that… but they had, and they had burned everything. And when I realised that the story was real, and that they weren’t making it up, I was so angry and upset that I just walked out of Mrs. Delnaz’s class, and everyone thought I making excuses. I wasn’t.
Why does it make me so angry? Because death is bad. There is nothing… NOTHING on this world that is as bad as death. I don’t believe in that whole Will/Spirit-returns-to-the-Primordial mumbo-jumbo nonsense. You are what you have here and now – it’s the one shot you have to leave something permanent behind, the one chance to make a mark.
For most people, making that mark is simple – they make babies and they pass on their bloodline, and they have lots of fun in the meantime. This is the easiest route to immortality, where you submit to your genetics and lineage, where you are diminished, but still a vital part of your descendants. 
But mating, finding a partner to mate, and ensuring security for your children and future descendants takes energy… and sometimes, there are those people who take that energy and focus it elsewhere. These are the dreamers, the thinkers, the philosophers, the inventors, the entrepreneurs, the travellers. Somewhere in their minds is a hunger to understand the universe, to explore it, to learn it and to know it as surely as someone else might know their friend or spouse or child. And because they focus their energies on the pursuit of knowing the universe instead of securing their bloodlines… a lot of them forgo the chance to ever have children. They don’t have the social skills, the physical strength, and the political standing to secure mates… all they have is their work.
I won’t say that it’s actually this black and white. Obviously there are people who can do both – be thinkers and family men at once, those who can invent, and draw and dream and philosophise and at the end of the day still come back home to a family. But there ARE extreme cases when people can’t and don’t do that – where they either invent nothing worthwhile, or they don’t have family.
Is it so hard to imagine then, that in the ancient world, the works of most of these childless dreamers found their way to Alexandria? The library itself was a renowned patron – many of these ‘childless’ were sheltered and encouraged there, and their life’s works, their worthiest contributions to the world, were preserved in that library. 
When the Library of Alexandria burned down, all these childless truly died. There is nothing left of them now – no words, no thoughts, and no blood. Every trace of them has been erased, as though they never were. 
Their deaths were murder.
On the seventh of July, 1909 I murdered, or at least, assisted in the murder of five million people. And almost certainly, for some, I’ve taken away not just their pursuit of the universe, but also their bloodlines. I still cannot feel guilty enough for all their deaths, but I think I feel as much guilt now, as it is possible for a single mind to feel. I wish I could stop thinking, but that would be escape, wouldn’t it? It’s good that I’m hurting, isn’t it?
I don’t even have enough room in my head to feel disgust at my self-pity.
Was it because talking to Charlie finally gave my victims a face… because it made them human? If I had been back in Domremy right now, would I have realised the humanity of my victims sooner, if I’d seen people I’d known among the dead?
There’s only one silver lining in all this: the demon feels my pain, and my anger. I’ve learnt to tell to tell its movements and states somewhat, and ever since yesterday night, when I began to cry, it had begun to hurt. Good. If I ever manage to dig into my own mind one day, I’d better find it cowering and trapped in the guilt centre of my brain.



CHAPTER 10
The Blooding
Coffer Street had lost its gloom. The white shrouds and scaffolding were gone. People scurried around busily, determined to enjoy Sunday.
Gregory though, in Foulting’s Alchemics, was not having a good time.
‘Hello, I’m looking for a beginner’s Alchemy Set,’ he began, trying to sound as innocuous as possible.
‘Preppie at the Caverns, is it?’ the shopkeeper said without looking up. ‘I’ll be right with you.’
Gregory held his breath – he might just get away this time.
‘That’ll be one, two and three, yes? Here you go then… hold on…’
Gregory’s hopes plummeted.
‘We’re in a bit of a hurry,’ he tried valiantly.
‘Aren’t you…?’
‘Not at all! Alchemy sets to go, please!’
‘Milord! I’ve been waiting for you!’
‘Of course you have,’ Gregory said bitterly.
‘You’re such a baby dramatic,’ Mango said, cuffing his head.
‘And Milady!’ Foulting said, realising who Mango was.
‘Wrong again,’ Gregory muttered, but he had to admit that Mango was taking it a lot better than he was.
The proprietor rushed out from behind his counter and shook both their hands vigorously and at the same time. Behind him, Johanna and Zach exchanged looks and giggled. 
‘What an honour, what an absolute honour – you won’t pay for a single thing in my shop – I knew you would come soon, and I’ve got my best kits ready for you! Whatever you need – it’s on the house!’
‘Absolutely not!’
‘I insist!’
‘I insist harder! I’m going to pay!’
‘Never, milord! My nephew – the two of you saved him – we can never repay you.’
‘It was the only thing to do Mr. Foulting,’ said Mango. ‘How about if we accept your offer this once, on the promise that you let us pay next time?’
Thus mollified, Foulting allowed them to leave with some of his best crystal alchemy sets. Gregory bought three extra, regular sets; the others looked at him oddly, but did not say anything. It was the third shop they had visited that morning, and Gregory and Mango hadn’t spent a single Krona on their school supplies.
‘You know,’ Gregory said as he walked out, ‘I’m going to figure out the names and families of every midget we saved that day and then I’m going to avoid them forever.’
‘Be nice,’ Mango said.
‘You be quiet. You’re enjoying all the attention,’ Gregory growled.
Mango cuffed his head. ‘Don’t tell me to be quiet. You ought to enjoy it. It isn’t going to be like this forever.’
‘I don’t have to be happy about it.’
‘Yeah, don’t be. This is hilarious,’ Zach said.
‘Ingrate! You’re making out just fine on this too.’ 
It was true. Mr. Foulting had pressed Zach into accepting a free set of his own. Johanna got a gift as well – an enchanting cylindrical lamp that shone bright light dispersed by a flowing stream of water.
‘Can you blame a peasant for the good fortune he enjoys in such august company as yourself? At least he didn’t have a book ready for you to sign like the other two.’
‘I’m beginning to see why your friends the other day were ready to kick your butt – maybe I ought to finish what they started.’
‘Aaah, your hallowed boots - my heinie, it’s not worhty, mil – ach!’ Zach danced away from Gregory’s foot. ‘You know, I thought you’d have gotten relaxed about this by now. You survived an entire horde of parents, didn’t you?’
‘Easy for you to say,’ Gregory said grimly.
‘Jo, tell your cousin he’s being a baby,’ Mango prompted.
‘You’re a baby.’ 
‘And this from someone who I just bought a whole stack of books,’ Gregory sobbed. ‘Ingrates – the lot of you!’
‘You didn’t have to buy all of this right now,’ Zach said. ‘We’re not starting actual classes till September.’
‘By which time I’ll be an official Hero, and everyone’s only going to be more stupid about it,’ Gregory said, and shook his leg.
‘Why do you keep doing that?’ Johanna asked.
‘Doing what?’
‘Twitching your leg.’
‘I’m not twitching my leg.’
‘You really are being very twitchy,’ Mango said. ‘You’ve been doing it all morning.’
Gregory was twitchy. He felt incredibly uncomfortable and exposed, and had felt that way since he’d slid over to the street in the morning. He was sure that every eye on the street was on him. It was the weight in his pocket, where something jangled with a horrible clamor. 
That morning, he had been thunderstruck when Uncle Quincy had shoved the pouch of golden coins at him. ‘What’s this?’ Gregory had asked warily.
‘Fifty Caesars. Your shopping allowance,’ Uncle Quincy had said.
‘What do you want me to buy, a country?’ Gregory had laughed. They’d spoken of an allowance, but this was ridiculous.
‘No, your school supplies,’ Uncle Quincy had said.
‘I can’t take this,’ Gregory had said, his chuckles replaced by a strangled choke.
‘It’s yours, whether you want it or not. It’s from your parent’s vaults,’ said Uncle Quincy.
‘I’ll be killed the second I step out,’ Gregory had said. Fifty Caesars. That would be enough to… anything, back at the Village. He doubted the Earl had ever had fifty Caesars altogether and he kept his wealth buried under solid stone.
Gregory had tried to imagine himself walking freely in broad daylight with the terrible clinking of coins in his pocket, and was flooded with visions of hidden knives, poisons and other more colorful scenarios which ended with his corpse finally, and thankfully, if belatedly, lighter of coins. 
He’d put his hands firmly into his pockets.
‘Take your hands out of your pockets, it’s a sloppy habit. And don’t be ridiculous, no one’s going to kill you,’ Uncle Quincy had said.
So Gregory had reluctantly put the pouch of gold into his own pocket.
Admittedly, no one had tried to kill him so far this morning. 
He shook himself. He was getting a treasure-load of magical tools and trinkets! That was the important thing. He already had four Runecrafting kits (wood, which was cheaper than stone); four heavy Alchemy sets; and four basic Sorcery Circles.
Uncle Quincy had warned him against buying spell-books, and despite the sting, it made sense.
‘You know how if you take a kid to a candy shop and he starts crying because he knows there’s no way he can have everything even if he goes on eating forever?’ Uncle Quincy had said. ‘Same rules apply here. You simply don’t have an idea of what sort of magic to explore yet. There’s so much that your brain will overheat just trying to choose. Wait till you’re past your prep school before you think of branching out.’
Gregory didn’t mind waiting much at all – they had just entered the white-and-green marble Toohey and Toohey Make Instruments – and he was in love.
Instruments hung off every rod, leaned on every wall, decorated ever corner of the shop. Wands, rods, and staves; rings, bracelets, gloves, and claws; necklaces and pendants; knives and swords; hammers, maces, axes and scythes; shields and armour; flutes and harps; spears and lances; whips, nunchucks, flails and morning stars – anything and everything could be an instrument.
And at the centre of it, behind a massive green marble desk, someone sat obscured by a newspaper.
‘Excuse me?’ Gregory said, unashamed of the reverence in his voice.
Two identical heads emerged from two sides of the paper; they had wispy white hair, thin lips, squinty eyes, and papery skin.
‘I believe those are our young Heroes,’ said the left head.
‘Two scrawny specimens, dear. You owe me,’ said the right.
‘They get more and more insignificant every year,’ said the left.
‘Go on then. Pick your instruments,’ the right head said to them.
Zach and Mango were already at it, but Gregory approached the desk instead. 
‘You’re both Toohey?’ he asked.
‘I am Mister, and she is Miss,’ said the left head. ‘You don’t want an instrument?’
‘I do,’ Gregory said, and presented them with the enchanted belt he had received among his gifts. ‘Can you make this into an instrument?’
The paper folded up and tucked itself out of sight. Only one thing told Mister Toohey apart from Miss Toohey – their lips, for hers wore bright red. They unfolded out of their chair to a towering height, then leaned down till their noses were an inch from Gregory’s belt.
‘Oho! Do you recognise this one?,’ said Mister Toohey
‘Thirty years since we last saw it, and still so beautiful. Shall we get started?’ said Miss Toohey, slamming a massive grimoire down onto the table.
‘Yes.’ Gregory had never been so impatient to get started with something in his life. 
Mister Toohey spread out a chart.
‘Your name,’ barked Mister Toohey suddenly. ‘Date of birth, place of birth.’
And so it went, a dozen questions in rapid fire, which a startled but fascinated Gregory answered as best as he could: like the time he was accustomed to waking every morning, what sort of pets he’d kept, or how often he got into fights and why. It was horribly intimate in some ways, yet the old couple couldn’t have cared less. Mister and Miss Toohey muttered, consulted the grimoire, frowned, consulted the grimoire, nodded, and used their wands to draw curious lines and figures, which swarmed over chart, settling into their places. 
‘Favorite color?’ Miss Toohey snapped finally.
‘Green.’ 
The whole thing had taken ten minutes.
‘That was to know your Ethic – to make sure that you and your instrument understood each other. The closer your personalities, the more easily you’ll grow together,’ Mister Toohey rasped.
An image of a cocky, talking belt flashed through Gregory’s mind, and he decided he couldn’t let this pass by, never mind if he sounded stupid. 
‘My instrument will have personality?’ he asked.
‘Yes. Your personality,’ they said together and didn’t comment any further on that. ‘Now you’ve already got your form – what a beautiful belt.’
‘Practically anything can be made into an instrument, provided the item is well crafted and strong,’ said Miss Toohey.
‘Most of those who call themselves instrumentalists prefer to focus on blood runecraft,’ said Mister Toohey. 
They made swift adjustments to the belt as they spoke, their fingers so sure and nimble that Gregory couldn’t even start to understand what they’d started to do before it was already done.
‘They leave the forging to others, and buy dead material from half baked merchants who have little idea of the extent of intimacy that can be achieved between the instrument and the magic it channels,’ said Miss Toohey.
‘Second rate charmers who churn out feeble imitations simply because they’re allowed to,’ said Mister Toohey.
‘Here, every instrument was forged by our own hands, or the hands of our ancestors, and our hands shall charm them when they are bought,’ said Miss Toohey.
‘We imbibe the magic into the very making of these things, it makes them almost indestructible,’ said Mister Toohey.
They seemed to passing an invisible ball between each other, recognizing the others’ turn to speak, almost as if chanting a hymn of initiation. 
‘And while we’d usually recommend letting us build you an instrument from scratch, this belt was made by our great-great-great-great-great grandfather,’ Mister Toohey said.
‘Impeccable work,’ Miss Toohey said, and then, abruptly, ‘We’re done.’
Gregory’s reverent hands held up his instrument-to-be. It was not complete; the Blooding would do that, but he thought he had never seen something quite as beautiful.
He was not done, though. From the displays he picked up a hornbeam stave, a deadly-looking knife, and a amber-bejewelled ring. The Tooheys raised their eyebrows, but did not comment as Gregory forked over twenty-five Caesars, feeling giddy as he counted out enough money to last him two lifetimes in Pencier.
Gregory waited as Zach and Mango customised their own instruments; a simple ring for him, and studded fighting gloves for her.
Shopping over, they crossed by bridge over to the Slice, a six hundred-metre long island in the middle of Fate. A cobblestoned path wound around its centre, which was lined with food stalls and huts of every imaginable cuisine. 
Zach and Mango though, were done keeping quiet; not even the shawarmas they tucked into deterred them.
‘Ok, what gives with four of everything?’ Mango asked.
‘Are you trying to open up your own school?’ Zach said.
‘They’re for my friends back at the orphanage,’ Gregory answered, looking back at them steadily.
Mango and Zach exchanges startled looks, but Johanna spoke next:
‘Don’t they need to be in school to learn?’ she said, ‘And they have to blood their instruments.’
‘The Director will blood their instrument – I’ll ask him to,’ Gregory said, his jaw set. ‘And they’ll learn just fine without the school, because I’m going to write down every lesson and send it to them every week.’
Mango and Zach exchanged stunned glances again.
‘That’s…’ Mango began, but dropped her eyes at the challenge in Gregory’s face.
‘… really, really cool, Gregory,’ Zach said. ‘You think it will work? They’ll learn?’
‘They’re the cleverest people I know,’ Gregory boasted. ‘I’m going to post their stuff soon as I get home.’ 
‘Will they freak out?’ Zach asked, grinning.
‘Bet on it!’
‘That’s really thoughtful of you, Greg,’ Mango said warmly. Then she looked melancholy. ‘It’s hard to remember people if they aren’t around all the time… but we should.’
‘Who are you supposed to remember?’ Gregory asked.
‘Well, it’s stupid… and I haven’t seen him in years – six years, I think – but my Uncle Rafi’s in Helika.’
Zach’s immediately looked stricken. ‘Oh… that’s really hard.’
 ‘The last time he was here, I’d promised I’d write to him every month… and I did. For a whole year, I wrote to him twice a month. And he wrote back. Then one month I forgot to write him… and I went on forgetting to write him. When I next thought of him, it had been two years since we exchanged letters.’
Mango shrugged miserably. ‘So I went on forgetting.’
‘But you can write to him now!’ Gregory protested. ‘Why are you so upset?’
‘Mate, he’s in Helika,’ Zach said.
‘Ummm….’
‘The Empire is in lockdown!’
‘Right, of course. And this happened on…’
‘A week ago! Where have you been… oh, right. You’ve been out of it. Sorry.’
‘Don’t worry about it,’ Gregory shrugged and turned to Mango. ‘I still don’t understand.’
‘The Empire may be in lockdown, but people are getting letters out somehow. A few letters from Falstead Refugee Camp made it to The Seraphic… they published them this morning…camp life is not pretty. I don’t want to talk about it. I just wanted to say… that it’s really cool, what you’re doing for your friends.’
That evening, Johanna showed him how to post parcels; it was just like hailing a carpet. She pulled an innocuous lever in the hall, and somewhere above them a red balloon floated up, tethered to a string. Minutes later a man uniformed in blue and gold zoomed in on a carpet, took the parcels and zoomed right away, without exchanging a word.
‘Don’t I have to pay?’ Gregory asked, flummoxed.
‘They’ll bill us at the end of the month,’ Johanna said.
‘They should have this everywhere,’ Gregory said, watching the messenger disappear. ‘Maybe a series of towers with carpets going back and forth, so no single person has to go too far, but you’d still get a message all the way to Domremy Village. Five hundred kilometres… couldn’t take more than eight hours or so.’
What would the their faces look like, when the Director handed them their parcels? Gregory’s glee stayed with him all through Sunday and into Monday morning, when, hours before his blooding, he could barely sit still at breakfast.
‘You’re going to shake yourself apart,’ Uncle Marcus said affectionately, rapping Gregory’s nervous knee for the umpteenth time.
Gregory’s nervous energy touched Johanna too; she fussed about him as if he was an important dignitary, making sure his hair was neat, and his clothes spotless and his back straight. She had dressed regally in gold and flowing reds.
‘A Blooding is quite formal,’ Uncle Marcus said, in response to Gregory’s amusement at his cousin’s zeal. ‘But in Domremy, it’s also a family event. Every young new mage’s family will be there, and Jo wants us looking sharp.’
Gregory obligingly let Johanna bully him all the way to school; she’d rap his shoulder if he dared to slouch.
The Gurukul Caverns now rubble-free, looked grand. The outer great stone stairway was resplendent with fires, flowers and fountains; over a hundred people milled about, picking fruits and finger-food off tables; smartly dressed prefects handed out moss-green ceremonial robes – Gregory received and put on his own.
‘There he is! Greg!’
Gregory barely finished turning before Mango and Zach dragged him off to meet their parents.
Ferdinand Zeppelin’s luxuriant moustache and grave eyes were crowned by the shiniest bald pate Gregory had ever seen. ‘I’m honoured that a you chose to enter Domremy on an airship of mine,’ he rumbled.
‘I’ve wanted to fly in one ever since I first heard of them,’ Gregory said fervently. ‘They’re the greatest things ever.’
‘Ferdie is as big a fan of you as you seem to be of him,’ Augusta Lovelace said, smiling. She had Zach’s eyes, set in a beautiful, heart-shaped face. ‘Though Zach said you thought my little toys were impressive too.’
‘They are,’ Gregory said. ‘Have you got shops outside Domremy yet?’
‘Soon enough,’ Augusta Lovelace said.
‘Good. Don’t listen to any idiot who complains. Your shooters are going to change the world,’ Gregory promised.
‘You’re very sweet.’
‘Mother, Greg. Greg, Mother,’ Mango said, dragging forward a statuesque, older version of her.
Ophelia Piper batted aside Gregory’s proffered hand and embraced him. ‘Thank you, Gregory Grey,’ she whispered.
The prefects herded the students into lines, family to the back, and a tall and smartly dressed pair, boy and girl, addressed them.
‘I’m Harvey Heidemann, Head Boy at Gurukul Caverns. Beside me is Stella Suihua, Head Girl. The Prefecture and we run the school, overseen by the Headmistress Renata Eavesdmother. Outside of these walls, she is your Queen; but in here, she is your teacher. She will welcome you to magehood – she will blood your instruments. The professors will introduce themselves to you at the start of term, a month from now.’
Harvey Heidemann stepped back; Stella Suihua stepped forward.
‘For the next month, you will undergo Preparatory. You must get used to your magic. The Headmistress herself will guide you during this time. At then end of August, you shall be divided into your houses. There are four – Fenrir, Felix, Phoenix and Phorcys. The division is done by Auction. Depending on your performance this coming month, and on your interview in the last week of August, the four houses will bid for you, and you will go to the highest bidding house. Once you’re in, you will earn or lose points for your house. The points accumulated through the year are important – they make up your House’s currency for the next year’s Auctions. Lose your house too many points, and you may find yourself ostracised.’
Harvey Heidemann stepped forward again.
‘Parents, please follow me to the viewing gallery. Mages, Stella will show you around the Cavern now. Follow her.’
The stately girl led them into the Cavern mouth; with a start, Gregory realised the inside walls were glowing, lit by some luminescence. It looked nothing like the tunnel of horror from Gregory’s memories. Otherworldly frescoes and murals covered every inch of the walls; Gregory thought he recognised a few of the characters drawn. 
Rediscovering the Caverns entranced him. He and Mango exchanged knowing glances as they passed sights at one familiar and unfamiliar. Before he knew it, they stood at the foot of the grand stairway that led into the Bell.
Gregory’s mind hiccoughed. He had just remembered something rather important.
‘Your parent’s have likely been seated,’ Stella Suihua said. ‘We have no time to visit the Library, but you’ll soon be spending more time there than you ever wanted to. Wait here and do not wander off. You will all be called in any second.’
As soon as she entered the bell, Gregory moved as innocuously as he could to the rear of the grand stairway, where another grand set of stairs descended into the library. A great stone mural stretched from the floor of the landing to the ceiling. Stuffed into the narrow space between the carving and the stone wall were his parent’s records; he’d shoved them in there two weeks ago, only seconds before running off to investigate screams that he shouldn’t have run off investigate.
He peered into the space – the thick folders were still there. He reached for them, trying hard not to look too suspicious or obvious. To his dismay, he couldn’t get his wrist through the gap! Try as he might, he could not do better than brush the folders with his fingertips.
‘Mages, it’s time!’
Stella Suihua was back. Gregory reluctantly rejoined his classmates-to-be, and in a single file, they trooped up the hall and into the Dome of the Caverns.
Gregory forgot to be annoyed with himself.
The Dome was vast. In its centre, a ring of water encircled a stone dais; the churning water that sparkled with its own intense light. Headmistress Renata Eavesmother stood in the ring, on the other side of a pillared fountain with a basin in it. Inky darkness shrouded the walls of the Dome, from where the parents watched. Stella Suihua lined them up outside the ring.
‘There are fewer of you today,’ the Headmistress said, ‘than there has been for more than two hundred years. I am grateful to the good fortunes that brought you here. To say that Domremy suffered a great loss two weeks ago is arrogant and selfish. We share our grief with the world.
‘Tumultuous times lie ahead. A worldwide religious and political unrest grips us; we are exploring the nature of the universe on a scale unprecedented in history; technologies that could challenge the very structure of our societies have been developed; partisan boundaries of every kind are trembling, weakening; a great revolution approaches – it is not cultural or national, but a spiritual revolution of all humankind. Our past identities shall crumble and new ones will have to be forged. We can either fight this current, or journey on it. The former will break us; the latter will lead us to transcendence.
‘We share something else with the world – our fear. Nothing in our history ever hinted that magic could fail us, that our Wills could be reduced to our bodies. We cannot imagine what living in a world bereft of magic might look like. Perhaps we are too terrified to try. We cannot yet explain the Voidmark, though we are trying. 
‘Whether it was the wrath of gods or a fault of nature, one thing is clear – we can never again be complacent of or comfortable in our mastery of magic, not when it is so easily lost. If the Voidmark showed us anything at all, it is that we are slaves to magic, not masters.
‘That, young mages, is the world that welcomes you today. The Gurukul family is as old as Domremy itself. It is entwined into the nation’s spirit and culture. Its alumni are pioneers and world-changers. You will join that family today, blessed by your family, by Domremy and by all those who came before you. The six years you spend here will transform your very essence, but before you begin on this journey, I wish to share a thought that you must carry within your minds and hearts.
‘This family is founded on two very simple morals. The first moral directs you to create value. In all work, endeavour or relationship, seek to enrich everyone and everything you come across. Ensure that you are enriched in turn. The second value directs you to do no harm. Hurt no one and waste no resources. If you are ever in conflict, meditate on these values, for they are Gurukul’s most successful. 
‘Welcome to Gurukul. The Blooding will now begin.’
The Queen brandished a deadly looking black knife. Reggie, Alf and Mixer should have been here, Gregory thought, feeling he’d explode if he got even a smidgen more excited.
‘Adelaide of Villeneuv, be blooded now,’ she said. 
A girl stepped upto the fountain and trembling, held out her right hand; she put her wand into the fountain: the Headmistress cut swiftly; they all heard her sharp gasp: and then she let her blood drip onto her instrument. The Headmistress uttered a spell Gregory could not understand; Adelaide reached into the fountain and staggered: she cried out, and it was done. She was led away into a room to the right, quite unsteady on her feet.
‘Bevelle West, be blooded now.’
The tall girl reacted exactly as Adelaide had. Why had they both stumbled out of the room?
‘Carrie Robidoux, be blooded now.’
‘Damien Kulash, be blooded now.’
‘Eric Monk, be blooded now.’
‘Farah, daughter of Hamill, be blooded now.’
‘Gregory Grey, be blooded now.’
Gregory stepped up to Headmistress Renata Eavesmother. Her gaze was warm and appraising; Gregory stiffened his back and stood as straight as he could manage. He placed the priceless belt into the fountain: he extended his right hand, palm up; under it, the fountain’s glowing water was still and unmoving. He held her gaze: the knife flashed; he did not feel the cut, only the wet warmth of blood on his skin: the fountain’s water turned red.
The Headmistress chanted her unknowable words: the redness receded from the water as the belt soaked it up: the water turned clear once more: Gregory reached into the fountain: he felt the cut on his palm knit and heal: for a second, the belt seemed to move in his hand.
Gregory’s magic woke.
It is painful; the world is harsh and intense: Gregory shuts his eyes; it does not help: it is like a sharp noise during a headache, bright sunlight after darkness, chilli on his tongue, a pinching of his skin or the scent of burning sulphur in his nose.
Mana, the sixth sense. 
It hurts, he knows, because it is raw and new. When it hurts less, he is surprised to find himself already removed from the Dome. He is in an anteroom, where those who came before him are giggling, sunk into beanbags, heads lolling. Gregory staggers: someone helps him collapse into his own beanbag. His mind and balance crest and fall repeatedly, each cycle more intense than the last, till he thinks he may go insane with giddy delight. For a second, fear strikes – not even magic is worth insanity – but by and by his sentience trickles back to him, quicker as he forces himself to focus.
Gregory wrenches his eyes open. The room has filled up with more of the freshly blooded. The cut is a pale scar across his palm, like the one he had always envied on the Bobbin, and on the Director, and on the Mayor, and on the blacksmith’s apprentice, and on Astrid.
Mage, it says.
Stella Suihua steps into the room with another of the freshly blooded. When she leaves, Gregory forces himself to his feet; there is a plaque on the room’s wall, and words are forming on it: names. Black ink twists and forms into yet another one: Susannah Coffey. With a start, he realises they are the names of the new mages, his classmates at Gurukul. He reads, though it’s hard to focus; the words seem to slip and slide around his vision:
Adelaide from Villeneuv… Bevelle West… Carrie Robidoux… Damien Kulash… Eric Monk… he gives up. His mind stumbles, and then swims again, pleasantly.
‘Wow.’
‘Woah,’ Zach agrees. 
‘Whew,’ Mango echoes.
Their messages are in his head before their voices are in his ear. He can sense them; it is like touching, but more enmeshed.
‘Is it like this all the time? How do people… even… talk?’ Mango wonders aloud.
‘I know, right? Can you hear me?’  Zach asks.
‘Yes. Yes, I totally can!’ Mango says, giggling.
‘Hear me in your head?’
‘In my head,’ Mango and Gregory say together.
Similar conversations sound in all corners of the room. Good feelings saturate the space. Every new mage is its own sphere of euphoria. No people elsewhere in the world could be more delightful than the ones in this room. Mango and Zach seem especially radiant, warm, creamy and tuneful.
‘Why are we all speaking like idiots?’ Zach giggled.
‘Maybe it’s the magic. We can think straight – only straight. Mum said so. Can’t think bendy,’ Mango giggled.
‘Bendy… haha.’
‘Eh-heh-heh.’
‘How long are they going to keep us in here?’ Gregory asks.
‘Till we can speak normally, I think,’ Mango says. 
‘You speak just fine,’ Gregory tells her warmly.
‘Thank you.’
‘Show me your hand.’ 
They compare the scars that mark a mage.
‘… no pain. No pain at all…’
‘… doesn’t hurt. Didn’t feel a thing…’
 But Gregory is distracted. A thought flits about his mind, something someone said: they were being kept in here until they were less silly. Why is that important? What does it mean? He tries to focus. If he is expected to stay in here, then he is not expected to be found outside… no one would look for him outside. What is outside? A stone mural, between the floor of the Bell and the ceiling of the Library – his parent’s records are hidden behind it.
Gregory wanders out of the antechamber.
The corridors are empty. A murmur fills the air; it comes from the filled galleries above. Gregory follows the Dome’s curve, easily ducking into shadows when he hears footsteps, emerging once it’s silent. Minutes later he stands beside the mural.
There is nothing behind it. His parent’s records have vanished.



CHAPTER 11
The Elements of Magic
Gregory blinks furiously; the space between the wall and mural remains empty. The records had been there less than an hour ago. Where had they gone? Anxiety wells, battles his magical mellow mood. Had someone seen him approach the wall earlier? Who? Why would they care?
A sphere of mana blossoms into his; it is warm, light and vulnerable.
‘I saw you leave. I followed,’ Susannah Coffey says.
‘Why?’
‘To give you this.’ She holds out the records.
Gregory gapes; she takes his hand and puts the records into them. His anxiety fades and he tucks the package into his shirt.
‘That’s better, isn’t it?’ she asks, eyes shining in that strange way.
‘Yes. How did you know?’
‘I noticed the Head Girl noticing you messing around here,’ Susannah says carefully. ‘She could have looked, so I had a look first, and I found those, and I took them.’
‘Thank you.’
Susannah steps closer. ‘You’re welcome.’
She flushes with pleasure, but she is not bashful. Gregory knows; he feels what she feels.
‘Why is it like this?’ Gregory wondered aloud, not truly caring for an answer.
‘Our brains are scared.’
‘Why are they scared?’ Gregory asks.
‘Apes,’ Susannah says seriously. 
‘What about them?’
‘Harsh things – noises, heights, pain – they scare apes. If scary thing goes away, apes laugh, because their brains release fun juices – to calm them down, you see?’
‘What’s this got to do with us?’
‘We’re apes,’ Susannah says. ‘Waking to magic is harsh, so we get happy juices in our head too. That’s why we laugh, once we know that we were scared without reason. Our magic carries that happy feeling out of our body. Like this.’
Susannah’s magic pulses in warm waves over Gregory; she is more than happy – she is excited.
‘That is why the kids giggled? Back in the room? One’s happy feeling added to another’s?’
‘Yes.’
‘You know about the brain’s happy juices. How?’ 
‘Daddy told me. Mages must be friends. Put happy mages together and you get lots of friends.’
‘Your Daddy sounds very clever.’
‘He is. He thinks you are very clever too.’
‘Huh?’
‘Your first aid was textbook. Daddy was impressed. And I’m impressed because it’s hard to impress Daddy.’
‘I wish I could impress my parents.’
She stirs at his melancholy. ‘No one found them, Gregory. They could be alive, you know? Everyone thought you were gone too. Yet you’re here. And if they live, then they know what you did.’
Gregory beams at her. ‘That’s what I say!’
‘Good.’
‘Everyone’s been telling me what they were like. Everyone thinks they were awesome.’
‘You sound not satisfied.’
‘I only hear good things,’ Gregory sighs. ‘Even the bad bits sound good. Everyone wants to think nice things of them.’
Susannah meditates on this. ‘They don’t sound real?’
‘They sound half-real. Like friendly ghosts.’
‘Can anyone tell you what they were really like?’
Gregory pats the package she rescued. ‘These might. They are my parent’s school records.’ He tells her of removing them from the library.
‘Maybe you’ll find out they served detention for stupid pranks,’ Susannah says.
‘That will be nice.’
‘Gregory?’ She is earnest, sincere.
‘Yes?’
‘I love Daddy very much. I wish you could tell your mother and father that. If I can help you learn about them, I will. Promise.’
‘Thank you!’ He is as deeply touched as he has ever been.
She seizes him for a hug. 
They don’t speak on the return, content to bask in each other’s pleasure. Her hand is delightful, though; he has not finished exploring it as they reach the room. The stop outside; he has something to say.
‘The Blooding makes it easy to talk. It won’t be like this every day,’ he says, ‘but I’m glad it was like this today.’
The antechamber bustles. Susannah separates from Gregory to mingle among others. Zach and Mango appear at his shoulders; like him, they watch her depart.
‘I think she likes you,’ Mango says.
‘Mm-hmm. She likes you,’ Zach nods.
‘I like her too.’
‘You’ve got a goofy grin.’
‘You’ve got a goofy grin.’
‘Haha.’
‘Hohoho.’
They continue gibbering for another hour. Gregory’s thoughts become properly coherent, and the shared warmth seems to recede. Gregory sees Headmistress Renata Eavesmother slip into the room and find an unobtrusive corner. They notice her, and one by one, become quiet. Silence unfolds gently over the room. 
‘Is it fading now?’ the Headmistress asks eventually. ‘That intimate freedom, has it left you? Do you any of you know what it was?’
‘Yes.’ Susannah repeats what she said to Gregory earlier.
‘Thank you, Susannah,’ the Headmistress nods to her. ‘What you’ve just felt – we call this a mage flare. It is the only one you’ll ever have.’
Even fading, the mage flare flushes the room with palpable disappointment. 
‘You should be glad,’ the Headmistress laughs. ‘Did you know everyone – me, your parents, professors and seniors alike – were absolutely forbidden from performing a single spell in your presence since your Blooding? There is a magic dampener between this room and the Dome.’
‘Why?’ Zachary asks.
‘A demonstration, then.’ 
An innocent looking circle of bright yellow light blossoms into the air in front of the Headmistress. The class staggers; Gregory suddenly feels immensely depressed, his excitement and curiosity extinguished all at once.
The circle vanishes, and so does the strange weariness.
‘I apologise, but the point had to be made,’ the Headmistress says. ‘You’re too freshly blooded to tolerate spell-casting in your vicinity. If someone performs a powerful spell in your presence right now, they would likely knock you out, perhaps for days. It won’t last much longer… but until it is over, you are to remain here.’
‘Now that you’ve all gotten to know each other a little, I thought it was time to introduce me.’
She pauses and looks around the class expectantly; Gregory and the other students exchange confused glances. Renata looks put out.
‘Hello, I’m your Queen!’
The class laughed, and Renata herself smiles. When the chuckles die away though, she says:
‘But here, I am your Headmistress, and that is how you shall address me. The Queens of Domremy have historically headed the Gurukul Caverns. The task has been mine for eleven years now, and every year, I have been privileged to meet some of the finest young hearts and minds that live in Domremy. I have been privileged to watch over their six-year journeys through the Cavern.’
She steps away from the wall and paces among the students.
‘This antechamber is one of my favourite rooms in the Caverns, because I have begun each of those journeys here, with a little talk about the nature of magic. So let’s talk about magic!’
Heads nod up and down. Gregory stands to attention, ears pricked; he wouldn’t miss a word of this – he has to go write it all down later. The Headmistresses eyes once again met his appraisingly.
‘Magic is defined in many, many ways. 
‘The Americans call magic the spiritual essence of gods who watch over us in this plane of existence, and that every spell we perform calls them forth. The Dravidians are romantic – they say magic is the sum of our future desires, that with every spell we cast, we shape our destinies down specific paths. Far to the world’s east, the Sunborns are even more esoteric – they say that magic is the only true living being, and that we mages are the limbs through which magic seeks to preserve and enrich the world; in other words, magic is the person, and we are its hands and feet.’
Renata flung her hands up. ‘Have you ever heard more ridiculous notions?’ 
The class laughs and she laughs right along with them.
‘Ridiculous! Strange! Exotic! Fanciful! But are we much better? Can anyone here tell me what we Europids think of magic? Yes, Oliver?’
A boy with a meek but kind face speaks haltingly, ‘Europids – well, the countries actually – most of our stories say that magic is Gaia’s blood. Gaia, our planet’s spirit, was wounded in a war many thousands of thousands of years ago. Her blood seeped out over the whole world. The earliest shamanic myths say that mages are Gaia’s healers – every time we perform a spell, we’re returning a bit of Gaia’s blood to her.’
‘Thank you, Oliver. Well, there you have it. We are as fanciful than any, aren’t we?’
No one speaks. Gregory thinks the class looks a little uncomfortable. Those who didn’t revere the mythopoeia didn’t blatantly challenge those who did.
The Headmistress doesn’t wait for an answer. 
‘But that’s only the mages,’ she says, ‘whereas most of the world’s people are mundane. Gregory, you grew up among the mundane. What do they think of magic?’
Gregory starts, but now the whole class is looking at him expectantly. He clears his throat:
‘It’s not complicated. It’s like money. There’s haves, and there’s have nots.’
The others laughs again, but Gregory does not, and neither does the Headmistress. When the chuckles die down, he continues:
‘I’ve heard it put another way though, by Hansa Roy. He’s a travelling magic writer, though he isn’t a mage. He said – ‘Magic is the science of fulfilling function without form.’’
‘Very clever,’ the Headmistress says. ‘It’s funny how the least silly sounding description of magic comes from one who cannot perform it himself.’ She stands in the centre of the room. ‘But silly or not, each of these perspectives have grains of the truth, the wonderful truth, the terrifying truth, the undeniable truth.
‘And the truth is…’
The class leans in.
‘We don’t know!’
The class flinches.
‘We don’t know why there’s so much magical potential floating freely through this world. Where did it come from? Who put it there?
‘We don’t know where runematter comes from! Before Occilox, we thought that magic came from runematter, because magical fields are denser in areas with runematter. Occilox showed it was the other way around! Runematter forms in magical fields, which in turn are stronger around areas with life – why is this so?’
She looks indignant, whirling from student to student, her finger pointing from face to face, as if she were demanding the answer from them personally. 
‘Why are magical fields denser around humans? Why are they less dense around plants, and almost completely non-existent in a desert or on top of a mountain?
‘How does a rune channel magical energy? Stuffy academics go on and on about how the shapes of runes help translate complicated instructions into magical energy, but none of them ask or wonder, what is it that’s enforcing that relationship? What connects the shape of a rune to a particular intent?
‘Why are there people around the world who can’t do any magic at all, even after being blooded?
Renata glares around the room, which stares back, suitably awed and impressed.
‘So many cultures, so many stories,’ she said quietly. ‘These stories let us pretend we know magic, but do we? All these unanswered questions… the stories can’t explain them away. And if they don’t, what use are they?’
‘How does it matter so long we can use magic?’ says a proud looking girl.
‘You’re right, Janvi. We do know some things,’ the Headmistress said. ‘We know how to cast a spell, and how to write runes. You know what? We’ve known that for thousands of years. That’s all we’ve known for thousands of years. We’ve held up the unchanging traditions of magic as virtuous – we told ourselves that we had perfected the use of magic, and that magic could not be improved – and in so saying, we ignored all the questions I’ve just put to you. Perhaps some of you might help us answer a few questions.’
‘But it has worked for thousands of years,’ Janvi protests.
‘Didn’t work so well two weeks ago, did they, Janvi?’ Zach said glibly.
Janvi glares at him.
‘No, Janvi still has a point – we’ve been good at magic for a long time,’ says the Headmistress. ‘Raise your hands if you think our mastery of magic is perfect, or even jolly good.’
Over three fourths of the class raises their hands, including Mango. Gregory, Zachary and Susannah did not.
‘Zachary, there are many rumours about your mother’s study of runes,’ Renata says, ‘can you explain it to us?’
All eyes turn to Zach, most curious, some of them hostile. Unfazed, Zach obliges:
‘’Course I can. Mum spent twenty-four years looking at runes, and trying to find ways to break them down to simpler forms. She succeeded, and came up with an entirely new way of writing runes, one that didn’t take hours to get right. Eventually she wrote runes that could hold magic. That’s all there is.’
‘You know, people only used to talk about selling their souls,’ Janvi says acidly, ‘Your mother actually made it possible. This is nothing to be proud about.’
Zach merely grins at her, and earns black glowers from her and others.
‘I admit,’ the Headmistress says seriously. ‘There’s a lot of argument over whether the transfer of magical energy is a good and moral thing. But Janvi, and all of you who raised your hands, if we are masters of magic, then why didn’t we know about magical transfer? For good or for bad, that seems like an important thing to know.’
Janvi huffs, but the Headmistress continues:
‘And if we are masters of magic, then how did the Voidmark take magic away from us? What if it happens again? If your spells begin to fail again, Janvi, are you going to say ‘the demons did it’?’
Some of the class sniggers; Janvi flushes.
‘Forgive me, but that’s a real question, Janvi. Even if it does turn out to be demons in the end, are you going step aside and let them make off with your magic? Or would you here and now – if there were a chance you could – look for someway to stop that from ever happening again? Please answer.’
Janvi mutters that the second option sounded all right.
‘Do our stories tell of anyway to stop demons?’
Janvi admits they might not offer such advice.
‘Unfortunately, the Preparatory School syllabus doesn’t have a class in Demon Fighting just yet, so you’ll have to be satisfied with learning about the human connection to magic, and that is something we know quite a bit about – the five elements of human magic.’
‘The most obvious element is of course your mana – your sixth sense, the one with which you feel out the magical world. It was your mana that sensed that my little yellow doodle, like your sight senses the sun, or your hearing senses my voice.
‘But it wasn’t your mana that hurt.’ She looks around the room expectantly. ‘So… who knows which part of your magic hurt?’
‘Our Wills,’ a serious looking girl says.
‘Thank you, Lillith. Human will – our faculty of choice, the ability to mold our actions to our preferred desires – that’s the second element.’
Gregory frowns. ‘Your will can’t hurt. It’s not touchable.’
‘Is it not? Then you have another explanation for why you looked so miserable when I cast my yellow doodle earlier.’
‘No, but you can’t hold will,’ Gregory says firmly.
‘Can you hold feelings, Gregory?’ Renata asks.
‘What? No! What’s that got to do with… oh,’ Gregory trails off.
‘You can’t hold feelings... but can feelings hurt, Gregory?’
Gregory nods reluctantly.
Renata looks over the classroom. ‘Magic is a dangerous science and art,’ she says slowly. ‘If you fall ill with cancer, and suffer intense pain for long enough, your will wears down, and you long for death. If you’re just sad for a long enough time, then your wills fade away. If you’re scared long enough, your wills become brittle. If you’re intensely tired long enough, your will cuts off from your emotions. But these dangers to your will have one thing in common. What is it?’
No one answers.
‘They take time,’ she says softly. ‘Your will can crumble in so many ways, but it’s usually strong enough to hold on for a while. However, there is something so intimately connected to your will that it bypasses all your defences. Magic!’
The class is silent, enthralled.
‘As far as magic is concerned, your will is an organ in its own right, like your eyes, or your nose, or your skin, or your tongue, or your ears. Too much light will blind you! Harsh chemicals can kill your sense of smell! Loud sounds deafen you! Burns could take away all feeling of touch! Chilly can numb your taste buds!’
She pauses, eyes flashing.
‘And intense magic will annihilate your will, leaving you wishing only for sleep, or worse, death! Be as scared of it, as cautions of it, and as respectful of it, as you would be with fire, or storm, or anger. Magic can kill you.’
The mage flare carries Headmistress’s feeling – there is fear and horror there, as if she had seen that very thing happen.
‘Now,’ she says, becoming a little less stormy, ‘we have minor and major limbs – faculties that let us manipulate our environment. VOICE!’ 
The students erupt in startled laughter. 
‘Arms.’ The Headmistress chucks an apple at a student at the back, who catches it.
‘And legs.’ She dances a quick jig, ending with an exaggerated click of her heels.
The class cheers and claps, and the Headmistress bows.
‘We use these limbs to shape our world - move objects out of our way, go from one place to another. We can let the world know our thoughts! But if mana is our magical sense, what is our magical limb?’
‘Thauma,’ Susannah says at once.
‘That’s right. Thauma, a limb unlike any other.’ 
The Headmistress smiles, as if about to share a secret. 
‘Now, the strength of limbs diminishes with distance, yes? Our arms and legs are quite powerful, but almost useless at long distances, unless you’re throwing a rock at something. Our voices are less strong, but we can shout further than we can throw! This distance, and its furthest line, is your sphere of influence at a specific moment in time.
‘The reach of your thauma – your thaumic sphere of influence – is limited. The good news is, like a limb, your thauma can be exercised! The older you grow, and the more you use it, the stronger and more powerful your thauma becomes, and the greater your thaumic sphere of influence.’
She looks around the class, and sees Gregory frowning. She nods at him. ‘What is it?’
‘My thauma… how does it work? How does it touch…’ he gesticulated at the room around him, ‘… things? I mean – my hands picks up rocks… my thauma picks up magical energy?’
 ‘Thauma draws magical energy in from the environment, and shapes it however you want,’ a girl pipes up before the Headmistress can answer. Consequently, her face falls when the Headmistress says:
‘Not quite, but thank you for bringing that up, Bevelle.’
Bevelle wasn’t the only one who looked put out; the whole class – Zachary, Susannah and Mango included – wore expressions of outright confusion.
‘You are right, Bevelle, in saying that your thauma shapes magical energy,’ the Headmistress says, her smile becoming even more mysterious, ‘but you’re wrong about where that energy comes from.’
‘No, she’s not,’ Janvi bursts out incredulously, ‘magic energy collects around where people are, and thauma scoops it up.’
‘She’s right,’ Gregory says. ‘I’ve read quite a bit about magic, and that’s what every book says. It’s one of the few things about magic that even every Mundane knows.’
‘I admit it seems to be an obvious truth. A magical field noticeably weakens in areas of intense spellwork; this suggests that spellwork drains surrounding magic. Or so we thought,’ the Headmistress says, her eyes bright with excitement. ‘But let me tell you what I know now.’
She steps to very front of the room, somehow seeming taller.
‘Many years ago, some very intelligent mundanes carried out some very strange experiments on the behaviour of classical – that is, mundane – energy. One of the most important behaviours they reported is this: energy moves from places of greater energy levels to places of lesser energy levels. When you push a ball, the higher energy of your arm flows into the lesser energy of the ball, and sets it rolling.
‘They named this difference of energies between two objects or places – potential difference. Every non-magical act imaginable derives from the flows of energy within these potential differences.’
She leans forward, whispers.
‘So some very intelligent mages wondered – what happens when you look at magic the same way? They cast thousands of spells to try and catch the flow of magical energy. And do you know what they saw?’
Gregory almost doesn’t hear her last whisper, but he sees her lips move: ‘Nothing.’
‘They did not see a single flow of magic! They did not see magic energy condense towards thauma! And yet their spells worked. It stupefied them! Bewildered them! Flummoxed them! Outraged them! Worse, even without any visible flow of magic, the surrounding magical field seemed to weaken!’
 ‘So they decided to look closer. They looks at the very lines and areas where thauma focuses, the tiny spaces,’ she held an index finger and a thumb a hair’s width apart, ‘where a mage’s thauma interacts with the world!’
She pauses.
‘And they found their flows… streaming from absolutely nothing.’
‘What?’
A couple of students burst out with the question, and most of the others exclaim. Even Gregory is startled. 
‘The energy was not coming from the land! Magic was not coming from the air! Or the trees! Or water! Or even from the mages themselves! It was coming from nothingness! Magic seems to spontaneously bloom wherever we focus and exercise our thauma!’
Around the class there are a number of sceptical looks, a number of reluctant ones, and a great many stunned.
‘You’re thinking this cannot be true,’ the Headmistress says. ‘After all, you’ve never heard of such an extraordinary finding. Well, you couldn’t have – because we’ve only found out earlier this year. Do consider yourself privileged, for you are the first civilians to hear of this. By tomorrow afternoon, all of Domremy will know.’
Almost every face Gregory looks at is dazed; the Headmistress herself merely looks amused.
‘Thus, magical potential – and its inexplicable source – is the fourth element of magic,’ she continues. ‘But only one thing makes it all possible for us, doesn’t it?’ 
She holds up her wrists, on which rest a pair emerald-studded coral bracelets.
‘Instruments – or runematter. Practically everything can be made into an instrument, so long there is some runematter in it – runewood, runestone, runemetal, rune-earth, runewater, or runewind. The markings we spell into them aren’t even runes, but ancient glyphs of some sort, the meanings of which no one in history seems to remember.
‘It’s astounding. Their purpose is clear enough – the blooded runematter links your specific will to your mana and thauma. Yet their inventors are a mystery. All our attempts at breaking them down to read them have failed. And yet they obviously work – the last of our elements of magic.’
‘And that, young mages, concludes your first lesson in magic.
‘Oh, don’t look so unhappy,’ she says, gazing from one deeply unsettled face to another. ‘Just imagine, it could be you one day who unveils magic’s true nature. Now, it has been nearly four hours since your Blooding – it is time to eat! You lot wouldn’t look so miserable if you weren’t so hungry. Off to the Grotto with you!’
The Grotto was a large cavern with a big hole in the roof, through which afternoon sunlight streamed down, lighting up crystalline waters and a small sandy beach, around which tables and chairs were scattered.
‘Domremy is pretty,’ Gregory said, looking around appreciatively. 
The scent of freshly baked bread wafted through the air. Large tables set up around the walls of the Grotto carried a feast. Zach thrust his nose into the air, took a deep whiff, and then exhaled with a dreamy look on his face.
‘I’m going to get decadent,’ he declared. ‘Come on! Aren’t you guys hungry?’
They were, ravenously so. The Blooding, the mage flare, and the Headmistress’s startling talk had given them an immense appetite – and the feast delivered. There was baked boar, fries, gigantic omelettes, flagons of every juice imaginable, steamed fish, chicken stew, vegetable sauté, pork pie, cheesecake, and small pot of bubbling cheese surrounded by a mountain of garlic bread. They had put as much as they could carry onto some giant trays, and found a table. Eating was serious business; not a word was exchanged as Gregory, Susannah, Mango and Zach demolished their late lunch.
‘This is going to go down well,’ Zach said contentedly, finishing off the last crumb of pork pie on his plate.
‘It’ll go down better than finding out magic comes out of thin air, at any rate,’ Pepper said, downing a deep draught of grape juice.
‘Yeah, that’s not going to go down well at all,’ Susannah said, accidently dotting her nose with the jam in her tart; Gregory found it strangely fetching.
‘What I don’t get, then, is if magic doesn’t flow from a magical field… then what the blazes is a magical field?’ Zach said, looking around at the others. They had no answers for him.
‘We start lessons tomorrow, don’t we?’ Gregory said. ‘Maybe we’ll find out. Do you know what the lessons are about?’
‘Thaumic exercises,’ Mango said at once. ‘They’re going to extend our thaumic radius out until everyone’s is about twenty-five feet at the least.’
‘I thought we’d have lessons today,’ Gregory said. ‘I’d have liked to have something to write to the kids back at Pencier.’
‘You do have something to write about – imagine their faces when you tell them what you’ve just learnt about magic,’ Susannah said.
‘You reckon they’ve got their instruments?’ Zach asked.
‘Yes, and blooded by now I bet,’ Gregory said happily.
‘How’s that going to work anyway?’ Zach asked. ‘Are you paying someone to teach them?’
‘What? No! I’m the one teaching them – that’s what the letters are for.’ Gregory looked sideways at Susannah, wondering if she’d heard what he’d said, but her eyes were focused across the Grotto at the Headmistress, who was flitting from table to table.
‘How is she doing it?’ Susannah muttered finally, watching the Headmistress sit down at yet another table.
‘Doing what?’ Zach asked.
‘Acting so cheery. To look at her, you’d never guess her daughter was missing in a hostile country.’
She was right, Gregory realised. There was no worry in Renata Eavesmother’s eyes, and no slouch in her shoulders. The Headmistress mingled easily with her newest students, teasing and attentive.
‘Maybe Helika’s not so hostile?’ Gregory ventured.
‘And maybe poo doesn’t stink,’ Mango said darkly.
‘What?’
‘Let me put it this way: if Helika thought another Voidmark would destroy Domremy, they’d put every mage and mundane into making it happen.’
‘Really?’
‘Really,’ Zach said. ‘Mate, every year that Domremy flourishes is mud in Helika’s face… at least as far as other Observant countries are concerned. Occilox founded Reflective philosophy and Domremy a thousand years ago, and no one’s ever forgotten he was Helikan to begin with.’
‘And that’s not even counting that they’ve never won a single war against Domremy,’ Mango said satisfiedly.
‘In a manner of speaking,’ Susannah said. ‘They bully the Reflectives in northern Helika quite a bit.’
‘There were more letters in the paper this morning,’ Mango said in a low voice, ‘and they say there’s a conspiracy of sorts going on to dispossess the Reflectives of their lands. I wonder if my Uncle wrote them.’
‘Your uncle is in Helika?’ Susannah asked.
‘Yes.’ 
‘Then we can check up on him!’
‘What? How?’ Mango rounded on Susannah, who was taken aback by the fierceness of the question.
‘The camp is tied to the Blood Tree… and Daddy runs it. We can look into his condition anytime!’
But Mango refused to be reassured without a proper explanation, so Susannah continued:
‘You know the King protects the Reflective faith in Europe? Well, he’s not stupid. After the Voidmark, he figured the Emperor might declare Emergency, and said he’d have to be in touch with the Helikan Reflectives no matter what.’
‘What does the Blood Tree have to do with it?’ Gregory asked.
‘Well, the Tree always knows what’s happening with the Helikan Reflective,’ Susannah said. ‘It’s connected to them.’
The others exchanged puzzled glances. 
‘Connected to them? How far is exactly is this camp of yours?’ Mango said.
Susannah squirmed uncomfortably. ‘Some way south into Helika.’
‘How far south?’ Mango persisted ‘Ten kilometres? Twenty?’
‘More?’ Susannah said, even more nervous.
‘Thirty?’
‘… about a hundred, I think,’ Susannah finally muttered.
Zach and Mango looked amazed, and Gregory began to feel left out.
‘Why’s that a big deal?’ he asked, but they ignored him.
‘That’s Scrying distance,’ Mango said flatly.
‘How come no one’s hounding you about the wrong kind of magic?’ Zach said, looking at once resentful and impressed.
‘Wait, hold on now,’ Gregory said, ‘You’re not Scrying anybody are you? Because even I know it’s not allowed.’
‘How’s that?’ Susannah asked hurriedly, trying to deflect attention away from her.
‘It’s one of the reasons people in Pencier look forward to the gypsies,’ he said, and told them what he knew of the spell.
Scrying let you talk to someone over vast distances, so long you had the other person’s blood. The spell was horribly intricate, but that wasn’t why the practice was rare; magi cast intricate magic all the time.
It was rare because it was forbidden, and it was forbidden because it was one of necromancy’s most powerful spells. Its purest form gave you complete control over whoever’s blood you possessed. There were scores of horror stories about the evils Scrymasters of old had wrought. 
‘One of the most horrible stories goes like this,’ Gregory said. ‘An usurper exiles a princess, and she vows that one day, her child would reclaim the throne. She should have just kept quiet, because the usurper takes her threat seriously. He seeks out the most powerful necromancer he knows. They Scry her out, and right after her son is born, they possess her in her sleep, and make her drown her own baby.’
Mango and Zach blanch; Susannah eyes are wide with morbid fascination.
‘The next time she births a daughter and they make her strangle her. The third time it happens, she sets up powerful enchantments to keep threats out; she’s not realised she’s the threat. She wakes up to find the baby smothered. So with her next baby, she decides to stay up the whole night… and finds herself possessed. By the time she’s fought off the possession, her baby’s choked from the bread she’s forced down his throat. She’s figured it out… but much too late.’
‘And then?’ Susannah prompted.
‘When she knows she’s going to have yet another baby, she finds a bandit, and contracts him to kill her the moment her son is born. And though he falls in love with her, she refuses to call off the contract, and he kills her as asked.  He adopts her twin son and daughter as his own. Years later, as foretold, the son reclaims the throne and overthrows the usurper. And that’s a happy ending of sorts, I suppose.’
The gypsies and their clients were not quite so bloodthirsty. A more benign form of Scrying let the caster take control of the subject’s mouth and voice alone; in this way a conversation could be held. 
Not that Scrying was legal in any way, name or form. Getting caught with the instructions for Scrying alone could land you in deep hot water. 
Not that this stopped people, or even slowed them down very much. 
In every village and town there were families whose sons and daughters were called off to dangerous jobs in far off lands. Before leaving, it wasn’t unusual for the departing member of the family to leave behind a vial of blood. If the letters suddenly stopped coming, that vial would find its way to a discrete gypsy, who, for a price, would open up a line of communication. 
‘We pretend it doesn’t happen, but everyone knows it does,’ Gregory finished.
His story seemed to have fortified Susannah, because she was a lot less nervous when Mango rounded on her again, saying:
‘But you’re not even hiding it! Your Scrying ritual is as big a small hill!’
‘The Throne’s given us permission,’ Susannah said defiantly. ‘We don’t go around talking about it, but would you rather not know how your uncle is doing? Because we’ve probably got his blood too!’
That quickly dispelled all of Mango’s objections. ‘If anything happens to him, you’d know immediately?’
‘That’s right.’
‘How do you even Scry through the blood of thousands of refugees?’ Zach asked.
‘I’d tell you, but I can do better,’ she said, pleased by all the attention. ‘Why don’t you all come over to the Tree? Daddy loves to show it off. I’ll let you know when.’ She added to Mango, ‘You might even get talk to your uncle, though I can’t promise.’ 
Mango agreed at once, delighted.
‘You don’t think the Princess found her way to the camp, do you?’ Gregory asked.
The others shook their heads.
‘You figure she’s still alive?’
‘I wouldn’t bet on it,’ Zach said sadly.
Melancholy fell at the table as everyone looked down at their polished plates; something in Gregory twinged at the memory of the girl he had once schemed to rescue. If Gregory, Reggie, Mixer and Alf had actually managed to pull off their kidnapping plan all those years ago, how different would things have been? He chuckled to himself – the princess would still be missing in Helika, and the boys would have been in prison for the rest of their lives.
That evening, he regaled Uncle Quincy and Johanna with the complete story of his Blooding over dinner (leaving out the bit about his theft of his parent’s academic records). Neither of them was too impressed by the Headmistress’s claim about thauma; Uncle Quincy already knew about it, and Johanna did not know enough about magic to be impressed.
Knowing he’d get a better reaction from Reggie, Alf and Mixer, he set about writing them a long letter. He was nearly done with the letter, and nearly done in himself from exhaustion, when Uncle Quincy came in, clutching something in his hand.
‘Don’t tell me you’re studying already!’ Uncle Quincy said, scandalised by the sight of Gregory poring over An Introduction to Thaumic Influence, which he had borrowed from his uncle’s study.
‘Not a bit,’ Gregory said, yawning hugely. ‘I just wanted to check something for my letter.’
‘Speaking of letters, you’ve got one,’ Uncle Quincy, waving a long envelope. ‘This one came in from your Director to my afternoon office mail.’
Gregory forgot he was tired; he sprang out of his chair and tore open the envelope with a whoop of excitement. 
‘Don’t stay up too late,’ Uncle Quincy said, smiling. ‘Good night.’
Gregory didn’t answer him, or even appeared to hear him. Absently, he knew Uncle Quincy must have seen his face and understood. Yet his uncle asked no questions, nor offered any pity. He brought Gregory to the living room, prepared a cup of hot chocolate and cast the occasional warming charm when the cup cooled too much. And when Johanna emerged from her room, she didn’t ask any questions either, warned by the finger her father put on her lips.
She joined them on the low divan though, and with her father, cradled Gregory to sleep.



CHAPTER 11.1
A Letter From Pencier
To Gregory Grey,
c/o Commander of the Throne’s Watch, Magus Quincy Appleby
The Apple, High Town, The West Wing,
Domremy City

July 19th 1909.
Dear Gregory,
In the weeks since you have left, I have had occasion for both, great joy and great grief. 
Word of your incredible deeds has reached even here, and everyone now remembers you only fondly; to hear them speak now, one would get the impression that you were delivered to the village by angels, could commit no mischief, had a way of lighting up rooms when you walked in, and were gracious and generous to a fault. 
Well, lad, we won’t remind them of certain incidents that surrounded your stay at the orphanage, but I will say that while I expected you to do us proud, I certainly didn’t expect you to take my wishes to heart quite so instantly.
Bless you, and your courage.
I say courage, because you will now need it, son. Pencier was hard struck by the quake. We saw little enough of the spectres that haunted the streets of others cities, and for once, we are glad that so few of us could truly cast spells. But the quaked devastated us thoroughly enough.
I’m so very sorry to have to inform you that Reginald and Alfred did not survive the quake. They and Michel were in the kitchens when the quake struck, and the building collapsed on them. We do not believe your two friends suffered as they passed on. However, Michel was struck down and pinned by a wooden beam. It shattered his lower spine – we’re afraid he may never again walk. Your friend Astrid Moser is safe.
The Earl did not survive the quake either. Sheriff Shinde has taken over his duties in the interim. 
As of the moment of writing this letter, I know that you are yet in a coma, and I pray that by the time it reaches you, you’ll have woken.
With best regards and utmost condolences,
Director Lawrence Hughes



CHAPTER 11.2
Lesley's Diary - Suicide and Logic - July 25, 1909
I hate being morbid about everything. It’s suffocating. Despite all appearances to the contrary, I’m a happy person! And being without reasons to be happy is like having ants crawl around in my head, always threatening to sting, but never getting around to it.
This time, it’s an ethical dilemma:
Do I have a moral obligation to kill myself? 
Not that I want to, nor am I going to (I don’t care how guilty I feel, guilt is never going to equal death for me). But I do, all things said and considered, have an ancient demon Sentinel in my head. I’m not clear on what the demon’s agenda is, but the last time (before me) these fellows had a disagreement with us, almost all of us (y’know, the human race) died.
I wish I could ask the demon. I’m becoming more aware of it. I can sense it consciously. There are moments when I’m speaking or doing something, and I’ll sense another awareness behind my eyes, looking on and watching with interest. It’s curious. Is it wondering at all the different ways the world has changed since it last roamed the earth thousands of years ago? And sometimes at night, I dream of things from I thought I’d forgotten… is it re-linking my memories? Or is exploring my world and dragging me along for the ride?
What do you want, Sentinel? 
I was born with power to imprison you; so theoretically, I should be able to. And yet, you couldn’t have demonstrated a greater contempt for my power if you had entirely taken over my mind and locked me in my own head (something that, scarily, you could still do, for all I know).
One possibility is that I’ve already have imprisoned you, and the Voidmark was just your rather violent tantrum before my Will conquered you.
The other is that you are gestating in my head, cooking up something truly dreadful, or waiting for an opportunity to strike.
A third is that you have already taken over my mind, and are letting me enjoy the illusion that I still have control of myself.
The first and third possibilities resolve my dilemma rather neatly in favour of my life.
The second one may seem to be in favour of my death, until you consider that the Sentinel doesn’t actually need my body to wreck havoc – it can do that all on its own. And if my death releases it back into the wild, so to speak, then it’s imperative that I continue to live.
Isn’t it nice when all arguments resolve in favour of my life? Heck, reading over all that again, it seems increasingly likely that I have, in fact, imprisoned the stupid demon within me.
After all, if it could be out there wreaking havoc, and my own Will didn’t matter to its actions, then there’s no reason for it to go on living in my head – it should have killed me and gone wild at Mt. Rosermeyer.
The truly scary part of all this is that it managed to cause the Voidmark in the brief time it took me to gain control over it.
No, wait… what! The scale of this doesn’t make sense anymore! Hang on, let me think…
Ok, I feel stupid…
If Sentinels can cause a Voidmark in the 20 or so minutes before it (allegedly) succumbed to my Will…
Then the Sentinel Wars thousands years ago, when no Truebloods existed at all, should have DESTROYED the world. The planet should have been turned into little more that a sad cloud of dust floating in the cosmos. I don’t care how powerful the Seraphs may have been… nothing could survive a WAR in which a normal attack looks like a July 8 Voidmark.
Since that didn’t happen then… the Sentinel in my head couldn’t be powerful enough to cause such a Voidmark NOW.
Which means….
It’s highly unlikely I caused the Voidmark. 
Then who did?
Did the militants who attacked us at Mt. Rosermeyer have anything to with it?
What does this mean?
And if the Voidmark wasn’t the Sentinel’s baby… what possible weapon could cause it? No way it was a natural disaster! 
Also, I’ve never felt so stupid in my life. Unholy hells, all that wasted guilt for absolutely nothing. 
Well, at least I think it’s wasted. It IS kind of unlikely that I open a cradle and a Voidmark hits at exactly the same moment, and the two turn out to be unrelated.
Yeesh, I’m going to go break something. Charlie’s head may be a nice place to start. 
I wish I could talk to you, demon.



CHAPTER 12
Private Investigations
They woke early; Uncle Quincy still held him and Johanna had somehow managed to curl Gregory’s own arm around herself. Sensing Gregory didn’t want to talk, they made breakfast, something that had become a shared morning ritual at the Apple.
‘Uncle?’ Gregory asked over pancake.
‘Yes, Greg?’
‘My friend, Mixer. He’s alive, but badly injured. I’d like to take some of the tithe money to send to the Director… to help him get the healing he needs.’
‘Go right ahead, Gregory,’ Uncle Quincy said without hesitation. ‘I wondered though… would you like to postpone starting classes for a few days? No one would complain… I could easily send the Headmistress a memo.’
‘No, I want to go.’
‘Alright, then.’
Uncle Quincy left for work at eight, and Johanna left for Fundamentals at nine but gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek first. His own Preparatory classes would begin at eleven everyday.
Once she had left, Gregory read the letter again. The words were remote and cold; they didn’t seem real. Reggie and Alf… how could something as vivid as them fade from his life? Would he behave differently if he had actually seen Reggie and Alf’s unmoving faces? Had they hurt? Could they know, somehow, that they finally had their own instruments, and did that comfort them? Would he have been able to save them if he had been back home instead of at the Caverns when the Voidmark struck?
What happens when you die? Gregory had seen mourners at funerals; who were they more sorry for? The dead, who couldn’t now care about the life denied to them, or themselves? Gregory looked at that closed part of him that was screaming – he would not let it out until he was ready… until he understood why it hurt.
He wrote a letter to the Director, enclosed twenty Caesars (five for Mixer, fifteen for the orphanage), and posted it.
Reaching the Caverns, he was glad that the mage flare had faded – his mood right now would likely have alarmed everybody at school.
The Preparatory classroom opened to the sky. High stone walls covered in murals encircled a grassy arena, and wispy clouds soared in blue skies. A cobblestoned duelling ramp stretched from the doorway to the opposite wall.
‘Oh, hello,’ said a familiar and nervous looking boy whose name Gregory had forgotten.
Gregory nodded non-committally; discouraged, the boy folded in on himself, and shot Gregory the occasional furtive look. However, when Mango, Susannah and Zach arrived, Gregory decided that he wouldn’t act the least bit out of the ordinary. Susannah jostled her way over to Gregory. They prattled about what they knew of thaumic exercises. 
The Headmistress walked in precisely at eleven, and stood at the centre of the classroom, where a mound of black pebbles lay at her feet.
‘You are here to learn to control your thauma,’ she said, ‘but what does control look like?’
The black pebbles rose – they were not pebbles at all, but tiles. Dominoes. They formed a sphere around her, as if entrapping her, and whirled around her, circling faster till they couldn’t be seen, only heard; reappearing, frozen in space; coming together as a serpent; dissolving like liquid death; and so on it went, until finally she stacked them into an impossibly high and slender tower.
Their glee drew a smile from her and she said, ‘If you think that was fun, wait until you try Jenga.’
To Gregory’s annoyance, he learned would not be conjuring fire anytime soon. And to his surprise, they were made shuck their shoes and spend the first minutes of their class sprinting along the sides of the arena, to the point of ‘unreasonable discomfort’. They couldn’t fake it either; the Headmistress checked their discomfort with a spell (Gregory hadn’t thought you could put a number on discomfort) and if it wasn’t up to scratch, she put them right back into the run.
Eventually though, they all lay panting on the grass. Gregory didn’t feel quite as miserable as the others looked though; the burning in his legs and lungs were nicely distracting.
‘Thrice a week, you will sprint,’ the Headmistress said to collective horror. ‘Sprinting till it burns, empties your head of all thoughts, and focuses your mind on how miserable you’re feeling. You need it, because strengthening thauma is about learning to focus on yourself. So while you collect your breaths, listen. 
‘Gurukul. The entire Reflective network of schools is called that, and it means a family of masters. The word originally referred to an ancient community of archmage ascetics who lived in what we today call Aryana. Extremely curious about the way magic relates to the world, they spent hundreds of years trying to better their influence over it. Naturally, they discovered, the stronger their wills, the stronger their magic.
‘Willpower – it’s like a muscle – a muscle that extends into your thauma. To strengthen one means to strengthen the other. Over the course of this month, everything we do, we do to boost your wills. We will focus on your breath, your physique, your mana, your thauma, and your mind. Now, seat yourself facing east.’
The performed no magic, but at the end of two hours of practicing more different types of breath than Gregory knew existed (one), they were exhausted. To Gregory’s delight, the Headmistress helped discover their individual thaumic radii. She had stood in the centre of the arena and doodled away; the students were directed to focus on their thauma, and to walk forward slowly, and stop the second they became aware of the Headmistress’s magic. To Gregory’s dismay, he’d wound up closer to the Headmistress than anyone else in class. By the end of the lesson, Gregory could tell the size of his thaumic field – a measly eight feet! The beginner average was twelve feet. The insufferable Janvi’s thaumic radius was sixteen feet. Sixteen feet!
‘She’s necro,’ Zach fumed at the end of the lesson, though his thaumic own radius had been exactly twelve feet.
Gregory grunted. His weak radius had an unexpected benefit; he could pass off the numbness he’d carried since last night as mere disgruntlement.
‘There, there,’ Mango said happily – she’d struck fourteen feet.
Susannah had done a solid thirteen feet. ‘Don’t worry about it. Thaumic radii growth slows down quickly. You’ll soon catch-up.’
‘I can’t believe we still don’t get to do magic,’ Gregory grumbled. All the breathing exercises had done was make him more sensitive to his mana. ‘Which reminds me – why can’t we sense magic all over the place? With our mana kicking and everything, aren’t we supposed to feel every bit of enchantment or something?’
‘Yes, but enchantments are always wrapped in a dampening field,’ Susannah explained. ‘You’d go crazy if you felt every bit of magic that runs Domremy.’
‘Hmmm.’
They had been let off for the day. However, the Headmistress asked Gregory and Mango to stay behind briefly.
‘Oh, don’t let mere commoners such as us keep ye noble Heroes,’ Zach said, taking Susannah’s arm. ‘Come milady, let us leave the lofty to their heights.’
Susannah rolled her eyes. ‘We’ll see you at the Grotto.’
The Headmistress led them to a small office hollowed out from the arena’s wall; Gregory and Mango exchanged unsure looks, which only became more pronouncedly puzzled when she handed each of them a palm-sized square slab of marble. It was surprisingly light. 
Runestone, Gregory realised. His brain realised that he was holding enough wealth to retire in Pencier forever if he wished, and he nearly dropped it.
‘Careful, Gregory,’ the Headmistress said, though she looked amused. ‘I don’t have too many spares.’
‘What is it?’
‘The two of you have been thanked by everyone but me for saving their children. So this Index is a token of my gratitude, for those you saved will one day become my students, just like you are now.’
‘Thank you… but what’s an Index?’ Mango asked.
‘It’ll be easier to show you. May I?’ The Headmistress pulled out a thick volume that Gregory recognised immediately, and felt his face redden.
‘You’re quite the storyteller, Mr. Grey,’ she teased, placing the Index atop her copy of The Grey Unfinished. She touched a slight depression on the stone and said, ‘Hello, Index.’
To Gregory’s and Mango’s astonishment, black ink swirled across the stone and resolved into:
‘Hello. Do I belong to you?’
‘No, you belong to Mango Piper.’
‘Hello, Mango.’
‘He… hello?’ Mango said in slack-jawed wonder.
‘It won’t respond unless you’re fingering this depression,’ the Headmistress said.
Mango’s finger tickled the Index into reading: ‘Restrict access to owner?’
‘I recommend it,’ the Headmistress said.
‘Yes?’ Mango said.
‘Access restricted to Mango. Name Index now?’
‘What do you want to call it?’
But Mango looked uncomfortable. ‘Is this… Index…  is it alive?’
‘No.’
‘But it’s talking and everything!’ Gregory burst out. ‘You can’t own creatures that know themselves – it’s not allowed!’
‘The Index isn’t sentient… though it is smart. We’ve taught it over fifty different languages. Its runes tell it how to respond to questions and commands. We’ve been developing it for almost six years now.’
‘What runes, Headmistress? I can’t see any,’ Mango said.
‘You won’t.’ The Headmistress looked smug. ‘They’re carved into the stone alright, at sizes about the same as a speck of dust.’
Gregory filed that away in his mind as something he definitely needed to talk to Alf about – his brain hiccoughed, and iciness flared up his spine; he fought it down.
‘But what is it for?’ he forced out.
‘Right. Tell your index you’ll name it later.’
‘I’ll name you later?’ Mango said.
Black ink swirled.
‘Your wish is my command.’
‘Put the Index on top of the book, and tell it to assimilate The Grey Unfinished.’
‘Assimilate the book… assimilate The Grey Unfinished.’
A black bar filled up. ‘The Grey Unfinished copied. Tag now?’
The Headmistress directed Mango to use the tags ‘book’, ‘novel’, and ‘anthology’. Once she was done, ink resolved each of those into a list. At ‘open anthology’ from Mango, the whorl of ink resolved back into The Grey Unfinished, and at another ‘open the Grey Unfinished’, the whole face of the Index resolved itself into a words… words identical to the first page of the book under it!
‘It reads books?’ Gregory said, impressed.
‘It stores information,’ the Headmistress corrected. ‘It stores any information you care to assimilate into it… and sorts that information however you need it to.’
Gregory regarded the unassuming looking stone, a faint excitement stirring in his heart. It sorted… information? He shivered. For all that it sounded clerical and mundane, he felt as if it were… more, a power he couldn’t comprehend yet. Mango didn’t seem quite so enthused; she was still looking at her Index dubiously. Nevertheless, they both thanked the Headmistress.
‘I hope you find use for it,’ the Headmistress said. ‘But I must ask you to keep this quiet. Only a dozen people in the world own one of these – including the two of you.’
Gregory and Mango agreed at once.
‘Now, I have another question for the two of you, but not under my Headmistress cap… it’s under my Queen cap. And since the laws forbid me from unduly influencing you, I must ask you to answer in only one of three ways – yes, no, or undecided. My darlings, have you or have you not decided to accept your nominations to become Domremy’s Heroes?’
‘I have,’ Mango said at once, as if she’d been expecting the question.
Gregory though was taken aback, and started out nodding before figuring it might better to speak. ‘I have, too.’
The Queen beamed at them, and then became their Headmistress again.
‘Now, Mango, would you mind if I had a private word with Gregory?’
Mango glanced curiously over her shoulder as she left; it mirrored Gregory’s confusion. The Headmistress’s gaze was appraising again.
‘Your thaumic radius is eight feet – the shortest in class.’
Gregory’s ears flamed, for all that he kept his face neutral. ‘You said it goes on to grow.’
‘Yes… but more than age and practice affect your thaumic circle, or Will. Grief is one of them. I received a memo from your uncle this morning – you lost someone.’
Gregory held his resentment back behind clenched teeth. Why on Earth had his Uncle…?
‘Grief compounds itself when unchecked. I know you heard your classmates whispering about your lack of magical aptitude. They are mistaken, and in time, they – and you – will find out how much. You are not untalented, just sad.’
The lady was sharp, Gregory thought. His creeping shame, brought on by his unexpected magical inadequacy, evaporated at her words – she’d known exactly what to say.
‘Are you sure you would not rather stay home a few days and adjust?’ she asked.
Gregory shook his head. ‘I’d go crazy trying to not think.’
‘You’ll think anyway,’ the Headmistress said; melancholy flashed across her face so quickly, that if Gregory hadn’t known her own daughter was missing, he would have missed it.
On an impulse, he asked, ‘Is it worse… not knowing?’ Perhaps it had been all those appraising looks she’d been giving him, but he felt bold enough to ask.
‘Perhaps,’ the Headmistress said eventually. ‘It may sound like a mother’s folly, but I’ve more faith in my daughter than I dare express in public.’
Gregory thanked her again for the Index and left to join the others at the Grotto, where everyone was getting familiar with the Cavern’s Monday lunch options. ‘Hot dogs’ looked interesting, though, for the life of him, Gregory couldn’t come up with an explanation for the name.
He brushed off the other’s questions about why the Headmistress had held him back; luckily, another topic was hot on everyone’s minds: Domremy was taking the revelation to magic’s apparently spontaneous creation surprisingly well – no one was disputing the Queen’s findings.
‘I suppose the Voidmark softened everybody up as far as magic’s concerned?’ Gregory said. ‘You could dress magic up in a tutu and send it dancing through a cesspool, and people won’t do more than blink an eye.’
‘Yes, there’s been a little talk that you can’t judge magic by mundane methods,’ Mango said, ‘but most people are just split on ‘why’. Why’s magic behaving the way it is?’
 ‘The Seraphic has been going around prodding everyone about what they think,’ Mango said. ‘I’ve got an aunt in Wengen – she said that it’s our thauma that’s putting magic back into the world after the Voidmark.’
‘Foulting – the bloke with the Alchemic store – he figures the Voidmark broke the world, magic drained out, and now it’s seeping back in through the cracks,’ Zach said.
‘Weird,’ Gregory said. ‘Is there anyone at all saying that maybe magic’s always been this way?’
‘That won’t fit in well with people at all, would it?’ Susannah said. ‘Did any of you read the announcement the Queen made? She doesn’t say when it was that we discovered this result.’
‘Clever,’ Gregory said. ‘If she’d put out that they’d known it for half a year before the Voidmark even happened… people wouldn’t believe it so easily. No one wants to believe they’ve been wrong all these years.’
‘Daddy said everyone’s looking for answers to the Voidmark,’ Susannah said. ‘And everyone is going to pretend this explains things somehow.’
Gregory sniggered. ‘Everyone at Pencier thinks everyone in Domremy’s a magical genius. If they only knew.’
‘That’s not fair,’ Mango said, looking a little stung. ‘Not everyone get’s to go the Cavern. Most people learn magic down at Tuition Street, and tutors there aren’t exactly geniuses.’
‘It’s not fair, but it’s still funny.’
Mango punched his shoulder, hard.
Gregory told no one of the deaths of his childhood friends. Like crying, talking about it would make it real, so he did neither. It was curious, but keeping Pencier distant from his thoughts let him think of it as an unfinished story. His last remembered moment, of Reggie and Alf and Mixer staring up at his cabin window as the night sky swallowed them, remained frozen in his memory, and that’s how it would stay so long he didn’t think about it.
Fortunately, he had many distractions. Magic lessons were nothing like he’d dreamt they would be. Gregory felt no remorse when the Headmistress spent day after day pushing their bodies and minds through a gruelling regime of what she called ‘core’ development. Thaumic radii were re-evaluated at the beginning and at the end of every lesson; they had to keep a record of their progress. 
To general alarm, the first two days of classes saw an actual dip in radii rather in growth.
‘Break your muscles down before you can build them up stronger,’ the Headmistress admonished. ‘These first days will tell you nothing of your eventual magical prowess.’
‘Someone explain to her the difference between broken muscles and broken bodies,’ Zach whined, wincing with every step as his sore legs trembled.
He wasn’t the only one groaning. Johanna had showed great sympathy after Gregory’s first day of exercises; the second day, she’d turned into a demon, poking at his sore muscles at every opportunity. His threat to nurse a grudge and return the torment tenfold when it was her turn to suffer did nothing to deter her.
Breathing and meditation happened everyday. Tuesday suffered some unexpectedly difficult core exercises (planks, side-planks, leg lifts, shoulder-bridges, inverse push-ups); Wednesday, their arms and upper torso were pulverised (push-ups, press-ups, divebombs, seated-dips, curls, pull-ups); and Thursday reduced their legs to jelly (squats, lunges, hip-ups, towel-curls, calf-raises). Friday opened a mixed bag of burpees, bear crawls, front rolls and donkey kicks. Gregory was too winded to laugh at how ridiculous everyone looked. On Monday, Wednesday and Friday, they spent an hour doing variable sprint runs. 
At then end of each day, Gregory kept a minutely detailed diary of his lessons, which had outraged Uncle Quincy.
‘They don’t even give you homework yet!’ he exclaimed.
Gregory was reluctant to tell Uncle Quincy of his plans to send his notes to Mixer, so he had just smiled sheepishly.
After each day’s workout, they’d feast at the Grotto, where lunches were quickly turning into a spiritual experience. Each afternoon was a banquet! It almost made their daily punishment feel worthwhile.  
‘It’s not always like this,’ Mango said through a mouthful of quesadilla. ‘They always spoil preppies. We have to pay for the regular stuff once the term starts.’
‘All the more reason to gorge till we’re sick,’ Zach declared.
Gregory was so distracted by the lessons and his quiet mourning of Alf and Reggie, that it was Saturday before he even remembered his parent’s records again.
Somehow, everybody had, without quite discussing it, come to a simultaneous decision to spend the weekend at home, and rest their aching bodies. Gregory was grateful for the break. Settling comfortably into the balcony, he read the Preface to Cultural Transmissions: Eurasia’s Unacknowledged Gypsy Legacy by Veracity Lake and Vincent Grey.
The twenty-five major Eurasian nomadic tribes today account for a little over a million people. They identify with no homeland; instead, they profess an intense loyalty to members of their own tribe; a lesser loyalty for the gypsy nation; and a congenial if wary acceptance of the ‘geographically attached’. Ever since their first migration out of Dravida roughly three thousand years ago, they have persevered through persecution, exile, bans, religious intolerance, and general suspicion with remarkable tenacity, guile, trade, military assistance, and sycophancy – an incredibly adaptive symbiosis.
How have they managed this? By all appearances, the gypsy nation is exotic to every other nation on this planet. Their language, their dress, their culture, their traditions, and their appearance are all a hodgepodge medley of the influences of the lands they pass through… some of which are openly hostile to each other. They travel interminably long routes (the longest of which is six thousand kilometres long and takes twelve years to traverse), which are largely guided by astronomical and natural cycles. They invest little enough in the welfare of the nations they pass through, and subscribe to no nation’s auto-described spiritual legacy. They have little wealth of their own, other than the commissions they earn for their skilled services (which are many and diverse). When threatened, they think little of abandoning material possessions, preferring to flee and rebuild elsewhere. 
This geographic transience would be less remarkable if gypsies truly were as immaterial as we perceive.
The term ‘unacknowledged’ in the dissertation title may seem to highlight a deliberate and malicious exclusion of the gypsy nation from the various national historical records. This interpretation can mislead; the gypsies are excluded from the collective national conscious of all countries for the same reason the weather, the mountains, the rivers and the animals are – they are not seen as participatory elements in any nation’s image and identity. They are seen as an environmental feature to be reacted to, not a contributory party to be conversed with.
Yet, their contributions are real, tangible and inextricably bound to every Eurasian culture. 
Consider speech. Language is the single greatest anthropic unifier after religion. For all their garbled treatment of the various languages, the basic gypsy tongue itself hasn’t changed much over the millennia. Note, we mention gypsy speech. It is uncommon knowledge that most adult gypsies speak eight to six distinct languages. This is more than a sign of remarkable adaptability… it is remarkable scholarship! 
Languages historically diffuse away from a centre, and then evolve into localised dialects that nevertheless carry much character of the parent tongue. The mobility of the gypsy has inadvertently preserved the exact same language through three thousand years. This ancient and unsullied tongue is spoken not with the ‘geographically attached’, but among the gypsies themselves, during their rites, rituals and tribal confluences. 
They call this tongue ‘Hope’.
Invariably, language brings us to literature. The gypsy has forever fascinated the playwright and the storyteller. These tales usually explore the author’s fascination for the mystique that shrouds the strange customs and lifestyles the nomads ascribe to. They romanticise an escape into intransience, when the gypsies are anything but intransient. As their language has demonstrated, they are more enduring by far than any other culture this Earth has seen flourish.
A cursory exploration of Eurasian folktales demonstrates startling parallels across mythopoeia, as if they were borrowing from the same roots. Indeed, these roots have been remarked on before. The Pencier Stories narrated by North, of the tribe Pencier, stunned the scholastic medieval world with its undeniable similarities to ancient Saxony mythology.
Mythological similarity leads to festive similarity. At gypsy festivals you’ll find musical and theatrical traditions that embody root concepts of regional Eurasian cultures. Did the gypsies learn from us, or are they our teachers? Which is the cause, and which is the effect? Civilisations separated by many centuries and thousands of leagues have perplexingly share the same constellation map of the night sky. Have we finally found the answer why? Have the gypsies played an inadvertent role in keeping our cultures aligned and in touch? What would the world have looked like, had the gypsies not kept every major civilisation technologically abreast with the other? Late Medieval historian and naval commander Igor Zabrodin once warned the Tzar that his tolerance for the nomadic flow undermined military advantage; he was ridiculed for over-emphasising gypsy impact, but had he been right? Have the gypsies been quietly enforcing military equilibrium throughout the continent? 
The gypsy influence is beyond cultural. Even as world population soars, the gypsies have maintained roughly the same numbers for the last thousand years… if you count only their roving numbers. Gypsies have not contained themselves to their tribes. They have assimilated into local populations everywhere. There are entire villages descended from nomads of old. Domremy itself honours the gypsy more than any other country does. Occilox won his first battles against Helika with the might of a guerrilla gypsy army converted to his cause.
The purpose of this dissertation, then, is to explore the various degrees to which the gypsy influence penetrates Domremy’s culture, and if possible, to identify the historical points of such confluence. The dissertation shall further investigate the arguments for and against pursuing future study of gypsy legacies and cultural transmissions. 
‘Woah.’
‘What is it?’ Johanna asked, looking up from her own book.
‘My parents… they’d planned on chasing gypsies right from their school days,’ Gregory said.
‘I’m going to be a dog-trainer,’ Johanna said.
‘Mutts slobbering all over your pretty little dresses. Sounds fetching,’ Gregory said, absently dodging the pillow she threw at him. 
His parent’s long nursed ambition wasn’t the only thing that startled him. He would never have guessed that Pencier had gypsy roots. The village was so unchanging, it was near impossible to imagine that it had not always existed, let alone established by gypsies of all people. 
Had they been part of the main twenty-five tribes? How many tribes had his parents covered anyway? 
Gregory found a dense list of tribe names at the very back of the book– twenty-five major, and fifty minor tribes. He recognised the names of most of the major tribes; he’d read their stories. Vincent and Veracity Grey had been prolific travellers and writers; they had covered nineteen tribes in the twelve years between their graduation from Gurukul and their disappearance. 
The Grey Unwritten contained their excerpts from the twentieth tribe on their list. 
It was a shame, Gregory thought, that they hadn’t been able to complete it, to cover every last tribe…
‘A shame…’
‘What?’ Johanna asked, looking up, ready to throw another pillow.
‘Nothing.’
Gregory hadn’t realised he’d spoken out loud. A thought flit around his mind… ridiculous, impossible, and implausible… there was just no way something that fantastic could be true. But it wouldn’t leave, wouldn’t stop demanding his attention, wouldn’t stop sounding more and more reasonable every second he that he pondered it.
‘Is there a naughty picture in your book?’ Johanna asked.
‘Wha-?’
‘You look like Alexei did when Rita showed him one of her brother’s naughty pictures.’
‘What was Rita doing with her brother’s naughty pictures, anyway?’ Gregory said. ‘Scratch that. Do you know where I can get a really big map of Eurasia? One with just the countries filled in?’ he asked, getting up and pulling out his trunk from under his bed. 
‘Coffer Street,’ Johanna said at once, ‘but you won’t get them with the countries filled in. Manrara’s Stationery keeps them for the Fundamental’s geography classes. You have to fill them in yourselves.’
‘That’s alright.’ 
Gregory tossed every book in the Grey folktale collection he had onto his bed, and flipped through to their appendixes, where bold lines traced the paths of the gypsy tribes across large and folded maps. Excitement sang through his blood, and goosebumps erupted over his skin.
Back in Pencier, Gregory had many favourites in the Director’s bookshelf, and not all of them were folktales. Of these, the adventures of Sherlock Holmes were particularly thrilling! Holmes, a ‘consulting detective’, had tremendous powers of observation and reasoning. One of the first things he did on any case was set an upper bound and a lower bound on what could and could not be. This gave him a ‘window’ of information to investigate.
Now, Gregory thought, he could draw up a window of his own! Putting pen to paper at his desk, he began to write.
Assume, that Vincent and Veracity Grey were not dead. Though Gregory had surprised Uncle Quincy by arguing that his own survival indicated a greater likelihood of his parent’s survival, he hadn’t really been thinking from that perspective inside his own head. If his parents were indeed alive, how would they behave now? What could they be doing?
The chain of thought strung itself across his mind with crystalline clarity.
Assume, that for some reason, the Greys wished to travel hidden from the world’s sight. Assume, that in their secret travels, some dire event or circumstance had befallen them, which may have inflicted a terrible illness on their son, Gregory. Unable to treat Gregory themselves, they brought him to a village greatly reputed for its healing prowess. Assume further, that though Gregory was healed by the time they returned to collect him, he had lost his memories, and no longer recognised his parents, and so they had left him where he might be safer.
The obvious question to ask next, then, was: Where had Gregory fallen ill, and under what circumstances? Sherlock Holmes liked to identify constraints of time and space.
Gregory’s time constraint was easy. The note he had been dropped off with said Gregory had been unconscious for three days prior to his arrival at the orphanage, on the midnight of the seventh of July, nineteen-oh-two. That meant Gregory had fallen ill somewhere between the third and the fifth of July nineteen-oh-two.
Constraint of space would be harder. 
If Vincent and Vera had been mundane, Gregory could have drawn a circle with a radius of a hundred to two hundred kilometres around Pencier, and then investigated any and all events that happened with that circle; the fastest a mundane could go over land averaged about a hundred kilometres a day. But a pair of magi on a carpet could easily fly a fifteen hundred kilometres in as much time, if they took turns to fly.
But what if the Greys had continued to travel with the gypsies all this time? Gypsies didn’t mess about with their migratory cycles. If Gregory could create a map of gypsy movement within those dates, then, even if every one of the seventy-five odd major and minor tribes fell into the fifteen hundred kilometres radius circle around Pencier, he would still not have to investigate more than seventy-five locations.
Gregory highly doubted he’d have to investigate more than twenty tribes anyway. Finding out gypsy routes couldn’t be hard, he thought, flipping through an anthology of Scandinavian stories to the map at the back. Just as he had suspected, the map his parents had provided was not their own; they had copied it from an older publishing titled An Atlas of Human Movement. 
Once he had the locations though, he couldn’t exactly gallivant away to far off cities. How then, was he going to find out what happened in all those locations? If it were only Domremy, he could just look up every newspaper stored away at the Wormhole.
… well, he could always procure newspapers from the other places, couldn’t he? He could likely find out which villages, towns and cities circulated their own papers, and mail those news-houses for a copy of their records from eight years ago, covering news and events for the period from the second to the sixteenth of July.
The Director had given him one more clue – the two unknowns had brought enough burn salve from the hospice to treat a hundred bodies. So that was the first thing he’d look for in the newspapers – mentions of fires around the dates of his falling ill and arriving at the orphanage.
Another thought struck him – it wouldn’t make sense for Vincent and Vera to fly fifteen hundred kilometres to get Gregory to a hospital! How far would anyone really go to get to a good hospital? Two hundred kilometres? Three hundred kilometres? He might be better off investigating closer to Pencier after all!
How long could it possibly take him to find out where this might lead? Not for a second did he think ‘nowhere’. Not once did he consider that his conjecture might be far-fetched or narrow-minded. If someone had accused Gregory of seeking out unsustainable distractions from his grief, he would not have bothered to stay in one place long enough for the accuser to complete the accusation.
That evening, once Gregory had made a quick trip to Manrara’s at Coffer Street, and then an even more frantic excursion to the Wormhole for An Atlas of Human Movement, Johanna summed up her own judgement of her cousin’s behaviour.
‘He’s gone around the bend,’ she complained to her father in a whisper as soon as he returned from work.
Uncle Quincy looked into his nephew’s room. The bed was strewn with a number of large and partially filled-in maps; the desktop suffered an explosion of crumbled or untidily scribbled papers; and Gregory sat hunched over a so far un-abused sheet.
‘Big project?’ Uncle Quincy asked, stepping into Gregory’s room, a worried Johanna behind his elbow.
The boy jumped and whirled, and for a second Quincy Appleby thought his daughter’s fears were justified: the boy’s face and hands were liberally decorated with ink; his hair looked as if it had suffered much pulling; and his eyes were wide and bright, like a predator watching prey.
‘Yes… yes. I’m looking into the background of my mum and dad’s writings.’
‘Is it going well?’
The boy’s eyes gleamed. ‘Very.’
‘I wondered if you’d join us for dinner.’
Leaving Gregory to clean up, Quincy Appleby soothed his daughter’s fears. ‘People are sad in different ways,’ he told her. ‘Gregory’s way is a good way… keeping busy stops one’s mind from wasting away.’
‘He didn’t speak to me the whole day,’ Johanna pouted.
‘Let him mourn, darling.’
Over a steak and stew supper, Johanna waited for her cousin to notice her displeasure, but he was lost in thought, his eyes fixed and staring away into empty space. 
Quincy Apple surrendered to the silent plea in his daughter’s eyes. ‘How was your first week?’
Gregory jerked out of his reverie, but he dutifully recounted his lessons to Uncle Quincy. ‘My thaumic radius isn’t up to scratch, but the Headmistress says it doesn’t matter quite as much right now.’
‘It will be, before too long. Once you’re further removed from last week’s bad news…’
Gregory’s head twitched, as if shaking away something annoying. ‘Yeah, that’s what the Headmistress said.’
‘I warned her to give you a head’s up if your practices did not go as well as you wanted. Many things affect your thaumic radius, after all.’
But Johanna had had quite enough of her cousin’s withdrawal. She had been good and generous like her father has asked of her for an entire week, and not mentioned the letter at all. It was inconceivable that she wait a second longer! She didn’t molly-coddle her friends, and she certainly wouldn’t molly-coddle her cousin.
‘Was it the creeps?’ she asked, putting a hand on Gregory’s elbow. ‘Did they get your friends?’
‘Johanna…’
‘No, it’s fine. No, it was the quake.’
‘Did they die quick and easy, or long and painful?’
‘Johanna!’
‘Quick and easy. Two of my friends are still all right, though.’
‘What do they say about why the Voidmark happened?’
‘The same thing they say about any magic they don’t understand – magic went wonky.’
‘That’s no answer.’
‘They have nothing else to say,’ Gregory said. ‘Can no one even guess where those creeps were coming from?’
He hadn’t asked the question seriously. It had become habit to ask it in any conversation regarding the spectres. But when Uncle Quincy failed to give the standard answer (‘No, it’s a complete mystery!), but rather, looked appraisingly at Gregory and Johanna, the children’s blood quickened.
‘Consider yourself lucky, in that you have a Commander of the Throne’s Watch living with you,’ Uncle Quincy said finally. ‘As it happens, we have learnt something – not the cause of the Voidmark – but something almost as important. The Voidmark Confluence will announce this on Monday.’
Gregory and Johanna stared at him eagerly.
‘Gregory, you’ve learned about the elements of magic already, haven’t you?’
‘Yes. Mana, thauma, will, magical energy, and instrument.’
Uncle Quincy nodded. ‘That defines the ways in which we relate to magic… but there’s yet another way to do so – that is to define magic by its function.’
‘Raw, Directed, Residual, Suspended, and Dormant,’ Johanna said with a smirk. ‘I’ve been reading books on magic too.’
‘Go on, then. Tell us about it,’ Uncle Quincy said, looking amused.
‘Raw magic’s the stuff you find in a magical field – it’s what your thauma picks up,’ Johanna said authoritatively. ‘Once your thauma’s picked it up – I mean, when you’re casting a spell, that’s called Directed magic. If you’re not casting properly, or if you’re not focused, a bit of Raw magic bleeds out into the world – that’s Residual Magic, and it’s useless. Suspended Magic is the magic used in active wards and enchantments. Dormant magic is the kind you get in magical animals and plants – will is a kind of Dormant Magic – it’s held within another physical construct, like medicine.’
Uncle Quincy looked impressed. ‘Very clever, Johanna. I don’t think even your cousin knew all of that.’
Gregory stuck his tongue out at Johanna, who stuck hers out at him.
‘But you’re right,’ Uncle Quincy continued. ‘When the Voidmark struck, Dormant Magic was unaffected and Suspended Magic dissipated from all enchantments and wards. Directed Magic is too brief-lived to matter, and Raw Magic… well, you saw the spectres – what does that imply?’
‘I don’t know,’ Gregory said. ‘Either something went wrong with the connection between instruments and casters everywhere, or something went wrong with Raw Magic itself… wait… Suspended Magic, like Raw Magic, needs an active magical field to work, doesn’t it?’
Uncle Quincy nodded. 
‘Then it’s not the casters,’ Gregory said slowly. ‘Something really did go wrong with the source of Raw Magic itself.’ But how could anything affect Raw Magic, when Raw Magic came from nothing?
‘That’s what’s got most people scared,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘They shouldn’t be though, because we now have proof that the creeps had nothing to do with raw magic.
‘Over the years, we’ve developed many models and methods to try and measure flows of magical energy, and we’ve become pretty good at it. Using Arithmantics, we can measure Raw, Residual and Directed magic with great precision, and to a lesser degree, Will. Will is hard to measure because it’s different for every person and every situation. Still, the models can guess at the general levels of Will a caster might have.
‘Now, the creeps… they’re not spectres. We know exactly what spectres are: echoes of malignant spells, which, in an environment saturated with Residual magic, can affect the physical world… but spectres do not have physical presence. Yet, the creeps can touch and be touched.
‘We studied the Arithmantics of the spooks we captured. They made no sense at all, corresponded to none of the standard model applications of Raw, Residual or Directed magic – they were Arithmantically impossible.
‘So, on a whim, because we couldn’t think of anything else, we mapped them to the theoretical models of Will… and whaddya know, the calculations worked out – albeit with ridiculous results. In layman terms, the results said that the wraiths were the Arithmantic mirror of Will.’
Gregory was lost, but Uncle Quincy seemed to have finished. 
‘Ok, I didn’t understand,’ Johanna said.
‘Me either,’ Gregory said.
Uncle Quincy tried to explain. 
‘What we call Will, is what you may poetically call the soul. All living creatures have it, though it’s more mature in humans than in any other creature. It guides everything we do, but we can’t access it by any direct means. That’s why we say the soul, or will, is intangible - you can’t touch it, and you can’t see it.’ 
Uncle Quincy looked intently at them. ‘Do you understand? What could be the mirror of Intangible Will?’
‘Something soulless… that can be touched?’ Gregory ventured.
‘Something without will…  something with a corrupt purpose… based on whatever spell conjured it?’ said Johanna, frowning hard.
‘Not quite, Jo,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘These things were not mirrors of the spells that mages cast. They were mirrors of… well, will itself – they were the anti-thesis to soul.’
There was a silence and Gregory, who knew more folklore than anyone else at the table, broke it flatly:
‘Undead. You’re saying they were the undead.’



CHAPTER 12.1
Lesley's Diary - Tension - August 1, 1909
The camp has gotten weirder in the last few days.
I feel as if I’m in a dream… as if everyone but me is in some sort of secret. It began about three days ago. Everything was normal when I went to sleep the night before, yet when I woke up, things were… furtive?
 I’ll do this the easy way, and just list the things I see:
1. Everyone seems to be losing sleep. Even Charlie, who’s usually a dead rock when asleep, is getting black circles under his eyes. 
2. Everyone seems to be fighting… I don’t mean in the broken noses sense… but everyone’s irritable and getting into the most furious rows for the dumbest reasons. I heard Linus scream into a girl’s ear off for dipping into hot water some linen that ought to have been dipped into cold… Linus never, ever screams.
3. Everyone keeps having little accidents. Three of Bouche’s boys either cut or burned themselves making broth; six of Felina’s somehow managed to set their cleaning utilities on fire; Cassius managed to hammer his own thumb into wood… and these I remember without needing to think about it. It’s happening scores of times!
4. Broth is bland enough as it is… for the past two days it’s been absolutely revoltingly bland.
5. Scuffles keep breaking out around queues. I saw a man go from laughing manically to frothing-at-the-mouth angry in an instant.
6. Almost everyone is fidgeting – biting nails, twirling hair, shaking legs or chewing tongue… and in Winnie’s case, setting straight everything that she spots or thinks is crooked.
Take these little and loud complaints and apply them across fifteen thousand people and they’re not so little… I swear it’s getting worse every day.
If I didn’t have anything to compare it to, I’d have lost my mind… but the Incoming are entirely normal. After two days in the camp, they seem to be losing their minds as well.
Something in the camp has people on edge… but then why isn’t it affecting me? I’ve not screamed at anyone; I keep my hair on (what’s left of it, anyway); and I’m not accidentally stabbing my own eye like Angie did yesterday.
It can’t be poison, because I eat what everyone else eats. Is it because I’m not Helikan?
Or is it because I’ve got a demon that likes to keep its host healthy?
What can I do about it? 
I tried commenting off-handedly about all this to Winnie and Emil, and she says I’m imagining things. When I pestered her about it… she actually accused me of making things up!
So I tried to talk to Cassius. You’d think he’d jump at a chance to blame the Spooks for messing with our heads, but I might as well have told him that he actually loved the Spooks and was passive aggressively vying for their attention by being subversive.
At least then he’d have laughed with me, instead of at me.
But I’m almost entirely sure someone’s got the refugees of Falstead under some kind of subtle mind control.
I don’t how they’re doing it, so I’ve no idea how to stop it.
I’m beginning to feel very, very unsafe.
I can’t do anything except wait and see… and turn the Incoming AWAY! Whatever design is being wrought on the camp, the fewer people that suffer from it, the better.
Cassius’ plan is working. The charmed pamphlets work like, well, a charm. Riordan’s got no idea why so many of the incoming are suddenly so keen to stay away from the camp.  He’s bullying Angie to be even more enthusiastic about selling camp life… the poor girl is so nervous that she’s begun to speak faster than people are used to listening. And of course, more people are staying away than ever, carrying a few precious letters as they leave, a few of which I may have penned to certain newspapers. I thought of including secret messages to Mother and Father, but I’ve got no idea how to do that… we really should have thought to set up a system for this.
It’s all very thrilling.



CHAPTER 12.2
Letter from Mixer
Gregory Grey,
c/o Commander of the Throne’s Watch, Magus Quincy Appleby
The Apple, High Town, The West Wing,
Domremy City

August 6th, 1909.
Dear Greg, 
Things usually become funny before they become this sad. The Director is writing this for me. I can’t think very well, because of all the poppy they’ve stuffed me with to help with the pain. He’s also keeping out the stuff I say when I ramble.
Are things sad at your end too? I hope not. Reggie and Alf aren’t sad any more – the gits skived off their sadness and left it all up to us. Why do we always take up their slack?
I heard you went and got yourself knighted. What sort of fool move was that? I can’t ever be seen in your company if you’re going dress like a light show. Please don’t dress like a light show.
Reggie and Alf never got to see your gifts. But I think they would have been glad. Thanks for the knife. It’s beautiful. I’m trying to think up of a name. The Director says when I’ve healed up a bit, he’ll blood it for me.
Reggie and Mixer got a nice pyre and headstones. I got the Bobbin to put their instruments into the earth near their headstones.
I can’t think of what else to say, so I’m done.
Mixer



CHAPTER 13
Tribes and Thievery
The next morning, the class once again lay wrung out and exhausted on the grassy ground. The post-sprint burn in Gregory’s lungs and legs had begun to feel good – there was something wonderfully cleansing about it.
The Headmistress had something new for them. After their leg exercises, she seated them in a circle around her, a neat row of black tiles standing in front of each of them.
‘Most of you have been looking forward to this,’ the Headmistress said anticipatorily. ‘The goal is simple – using your thauma, and only your thauma, reach out to the furthest domino in front of you. Push it over!’
Gregory forgot his fatigue at once – finally, he would wield magic!
Thauma felt like malleable gel. It lay over every surface, yet it also filled the air, and the ground. Concentrating with all his might, he focused on that sparse gel. He willed it to build, condense, and coil with power and purpose right behind the furthest domino he could reach.
He nudged.
The domino fell over… as did the domino closer to Gregory. With a sad sound, the whole line of dominos collapsed.
‘Whoa…’
He wasn’t the only one, most of the class had set off dual chains of collapse, and looked rather sheepish.
‘Magical strength is important,’ the Headmistress said, ‘but it’s nearly useless without fine control. So…’ At a weep of her bracelet, the fallen dominoes all stood back up again. ‘Focus.’
Gregory left the class downright worried about his magical prowess. Not everyone, but a good number of people nevertheless, had gained enough fine control over their thauma to knock over exactly those dominoes they wanted to. He was relieved to learn that Susannah’s hold over her thauma was sloppy too… and then immediately felt ashamed.
Hiding his own failure within the failures of others made him feel small.
The lesson finished with breath-thauma extensions, where they were directed to steady their thauma on the inhale, and then reach out as far as they could on the exhale. Gregory’s thaumic radius had extended to ten feet – now solidly the shortest in the class, and two whole feet behind the next shortest. He couldn’t even hide it.
Thankfully, there were other issues on people’s minds. At the Grotto, Mango brought up Domremy’s latest buzz.
‘So I hear we fought off a zombie apocalypse?’ Mango said.
‘Yeah, look at us go,’ Gregory said. He was sure the others were being kind - surely if his thaumic radius had been more impressive, they would have rather talked about how far they could magically flick pebbles or something?
‘Though technically it wasn’t a zombie apocalypse,’ Zach said.
‘Of course it was,’ Mango said.
‘Nope. Zombies means walking-moaning dead human bodies,’ Zach said. ‘All zombies are undead, but not all undead are zombies.’
 ‘It wasn’t an apocalypse either, was it?’ Mango said. ‘We’re all still here, after all.’
‘So, does this mean that the Shamanic mumb-jumbo about the Voidmark demon recruiting from us was right, only they were talking about the undead all along?’ Gregory asked.
The others had clearly not considered this.
‘I don’t think so,’ Susanna said finally. ‘But who knows what’s what about anything anymore. Everything magi anywhere thought they knew about magic is wrong.’
‘Our pasts are shrouded in mystery.’ Zach affected a hoarse, mystic voice, eyes flashing theatrically. ‘Speaking of pasts – anything interesting in your parent’s school records?’ he asked Gregory
Gregory recounted the contents of his parent’s thesis to them. He left out, however, everything about trying to speculate at his parent’s movements through tracing old gypsy routes. They’d probably think it was far-fetched.
‘Your mum and dad are so cool,’ Mango crooned. ‘I mean, I knew from Uncle Rafi that the Falstead Reflectives are gypsy-descended, but I hadn’t realise that’s probably true of many more places.’
‘Oh, that reminds me!’ Susannah said excitedly. ‘I asked Daddy about checking in with your uncle, and he said we could this weekend – that’s when we’re unveiling the Tree!’
‘Unveiling?’
‘Commencing operations. We needed the refugee blood samples from Helika, and they just came in,’ Susannah said happily. ‘You can attend the ceremony – it’ll be small – then Daddy can show you around. I think your mums and dads have already been invited.’
‘What, mine too?’ Gregory and Zach said together.
Susannah nodded. ‘A project like this doesn’t happen alone – I think pretty much every one important in the Domremy chipped in one way or the other.’
‘Any word from your Uncle Rafi at all so far?’ Zach asked Mango, who shook her head in melancholy.
‘Greg, what about you? Your friends in Pencier like your gifts?’
‘They loved it!’ Gregory lied easily. ‘Sent me a letter too… I replied to them just before I came for Prep.’
He had replied to Mixer… he counted as a part of ‘they’, after all.
Gregory’s performance in class plodded along through the week. He was beginning to get looks. Half-looks. Zach half-looked at him in encouragement. Mango and Susannah half-looked at him in puzzlement. The Headmistress half-looked at him in understanding. The rest of the class half-looked at him in amusement. The Boy With The Stick was poor at magic, and that wasn’t according to the script.
So every afternoon, he half-explained and half-excused his absence to the others and ensconced himself in his room, and worked on his maps. The only one who gave Gregory any sort of full looks at all the whole week was Johanna, and they were looks of blatant annoyance.
On Sunday, the furious scribbling in his room paused.
Johanna took her eyes off her illustrated novel (a very exciting if dark read called Death Note).
‘Did you say something?’ She thought she had heard him say ‘white apple’. 
Gregory shook his head, and Johanna scowled. Whatever it was that had persuaded him to pause, it wasn’t enough to stop his mysterious and manic stream of thought. More than annoyed though, Johanna was also getting a little worried.
He’d gone completely mad – in in a quiet and scary way. The scatter of pages strewn about his room had grown into a perfect storm. She wasn’t allowed to clean them up though, or even touch them. He apparently knew exactly where each page was. There was method to his madness. 
Still, she’d had a look at them when he’d fallen asleep. 
They made no sense and she could barely read his handwriting. The scribbling was all frantic; arrows had led everywhere pointing to notes scribbled into tiny margins; there had been great bits all slashed out; strange diagrams she hadn’t understood; and the pile of papers had just kept on growing.
 For six days now, he’d been completely absorbed in this, coming back immediately after school, distraught about something, to frown fiercely over either that awful An Atlas of Human Migration, a volume she itched to set afire or that mysterious, square grey tablet, which Gregory spoke to in low, loving tones. His eyes had become lightly bloodshot – and dark circles were deepening under his eyes.
Sometimes he’d punctuate the air with grunts, sharp intakes of breath, and an impatient scoff or two. Sometimes he’d drum his fingers, staring blankly forward and then start as if struck, his eyes wide. Occasionally he’d mutter a word she couldn’t make out. Then there’s would be more furious scribbling. Sometimes he’d get up and stalk up and down the room in deep thought with fingers clenched to his mouth or pulling at each other behind his back. 
That first day she had had more fun watching him than reading. She had been amused when he’d done the same on the second day. On the third day though, he’d begun to bore her and now she was positively annoyed at being so thoroughly ignored. Giving him the silent treatment hadn’t worked for obvious reasons. 
Gregory noticed none of his cousin’s resentment. His work on isolating the gypsy routes had given him long hours to dwell on the endless questions that surrounded his parents.
Assuming that his parents were alive, then why would they pretend to be dead? Were they running from someone or something? What could possibly have threatened them? Had they simply decided to adopt the gypsy life? Why would they need to pretend death if so? Vera Grey had often mused of living the nomadic life. Had they done exactly that? If so, why leave Gregory at the orphanage when they’d always taken him along before? Because he had been slowing them down? Or perhaps because he’d contracted that terrible illness and they’d had no idea how to deal with it? What had happened on his seventh birthday – and where had they been when it had happened?
Gregory couldn’t sing enough praises of An Atlas of Human Migration. He couldn’t imagine trying to draw his maps without it… or the Index! It had taken roughly a day for Gregory to fall irrevocably in love with that unassuming looking device. He could sum up the reason for that love in one word – convenience. After the first two hours that he’d spent carefully uploading and tagging all the newspapers, An Atlas of Human Migration, and the gypsy anthologies, the device’s power had become quickly apparent – navigation. It didn’t matter what he wanted to search, the Index would return it instantly. He barely even had to look at the newspapers anymore.
His parent’s thesis had mentioned that the gypsy paths were rigid and fixed to the whims of the skies and nature. The problem was that all these timetables were charted by the progress of the seasons; or the position of the sun in the sky; or the position of the stars; or by the phase of the moon; or the blooming of a particular plant in an obscure valley; or the mating season of a particular bird – the list was endless – and they followed the tenets of the seasons more zealously than any Shaman. This was especially strange because the gypsies weren’t a religious lot.
It was also strange in another way; back at Pencier, the villagers had never thought of gypsies as being as different from each other as countries might be, but they were. The more he learned about these curious people, the more he appreciated how little he, or anyone, actually knew about them. Within the nomadic circles, each tribe had it’s own name, ways and paths entirely distinct from the other tribes. 
They were usually in and out so quickly from any place that people gave them less thought than the seasons. All anyone ever said about them was that weren’t to be trusted; that they were half-civilised tramps and thieves. Had no one in the last thousand years wondered about why the gypsies lived as they lived? 
Well, aside from his parents, that was, and now him?
Even with the helpful book, Gregory had had his work cut out. For though An Atlas of Human Migration neatly and in great detail described the locations various gypsy stops, it was less informative about the times of these stops. Which was why it had been essential to draw maps – to figure out the exact dates of each tribe’s movement going back eight years. Luckily for him, he had been able to cross off nearly fifty-two tribe names for they were nowhere near two hundred kilometres of Pencier.  That left six major tribes, and twelve minor ones that did move within that circle.
He’d painstakingly drawn out a broad map of Eurasia, and then press-copied the maps till he had nineteen of them. Then even more painstakingly he’d assigned each tribe its own map and charted out its route village-by-village, town-by-town, and city-by-city. These he drew out in long coloured lines of green, black, blue, red, orange, purple and brown. Then he’d carefully filled in the dates and general times that the nomads were seen at each place, and for how long, and they time they took to traverse the distance between each destination.
Then, in the evening hours of Saturday, he carried out the main purpose of his exercise so far – identifying every location at which each tribe was likely to have been within the two-week time zone between the second and the sixteenth of July nineteen-oh-two. These dates and places were filled out in tiny and delicate handwriting. These, he put into a universal map.
Come Sunday morning, he had four names, four towns within two days of travel from Pencier: Wimmer, Wouters, Brightapple and Mancini.
‘Brightapple,’ he muttered. The name and dot on his map were actually just outside the distance he thought his parents might have travelled to get him to a hospital. It was familiar, but Gregory was tired, and after a whole week with his nose pressed into old maps and hard-to-read print, not inclined to spend a single minute longer on gypsy trails. He let that fleeting familiarity pass out of his attention.
Which was a shame, because he’d have solved a large part of his parent’s mystery a whole week earlier. Still, he had an unveiling, a commencement of operations, to look forward to at noon, and Gregory was glad for the distraction. 
Dressed in his best non-sparkly robes, a dark grey ensemble that was quickly becoming his signature outfit, Gregory flew with Uncle Quincy and Johanna to the eastern banks of the Big Finger.
The Blood Tree still looked as bloodless as anything could get. Far above the ground, it’s massive wooden boughs spread out, devoid of even a single leaf, branching into the clear and blue sky. At its feet was a grand ensemble of large and ornate wooden drums, but Uncle Quincy didn’t take them down. Instead, he flew them right up to the top of the tree, to a broad and flattened landing.
Susannah’s ‘small crowd’, roughly two hundred people, were already there, milling about trying to find seats. A raised platform on one end had two giant thrones set into it.
Seconds before they landed on the platform, Gregory realised something at once awesome and peculiar – the Blood Tree wasn’t just a tree, but a building too. Alien and otherworldly, it had stairs spiralling down its trunk and rooms cut into it.
Uncle Quincy’s flew in without hindrance, but other flyers were being directed to land some distance away from the main landing, and were being frisked. 
‘What’s the security for?’ he asked. 
‘The Kind and Queen are going to be there,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘Not to mention practically everyone who matters or wants to matter in Domremy.’
It began to dawn on Gregory that perhaps the Blood Tree was a bigger deal than he’d thought.
Susannah must have spotted Gregory flying in, because she was right there when he landed.
‘Hallo, you’re right on time!’
Unexpectedly, she swooped in onto Gregory and kissed his cheek.
‘Hi… oh, good… thought I was late. And you look nice,’ Gregory managed to stammer out.
And she did look nice: she wore a pale pink kimono across which cherry blossoms slowly bloomed. Her face, as Johanna and her friends liked to say, was ‘a picture’ – and she was positively beaming at Gregory for the compliment. Gregory introduced her to his Uncle Quincy and Johanna, whom Susannah charmed in seconds.
‘Mommy said you’re prettier than your own mum, and she was right,’ Susannah said, warmly hugging Jo. She smelt like roses. Jo decided Gregory could do a lot worse; this girl was nice!
‘Come on in and meet my parent,’ Susannah said.
Susannah’s father, Asclepius Coffey-Sharada, was an expansive man with a big, pale head and large soft hands; his voice was so magnificently deep that when he spoke, the air itself trembled. Her mother, Priyanka Sharada-Coffey, was tall and dusky with spectacularly large eyes. A tall man, paler than milk, stood beside them. He must have been in his twenties, and nervous energy radiating off him, his eyes darting everywhere. Everything he wore was black.
‘Oho, here’s Domremy’s other Hero,’ Asclepius Coffey-Sharada rumbled.
‘Zach and Mango already met mum and dad,’ Susannah explained.
‘Aye, but it’s you I want to talk to, boy! Things are a right storm right now, but we’ll steal a moment sometime. Though seeing Susannah won’t shut up about you, I’m not the only Coffey who’ll be stealing moments with you, eh? You and I might need to talk about appropriate hours soon, I think.’
‘Daddy!’
Leaving Uncle Quincy with the other grown-ups, a red-faced Susannah led away a red-faced Gregory and a giggling Johanna to where Zach and Mango were already waiting – second row seats, which were right behind two, large throne-like seats.
‘Why’re you two carrot-faced?’ Zach asked as soon as he saw them.
‘We’re not carrot-faced,’ Gregory and Susannah said together.
‘Oh yes you are,’ Mango said.
‘Mr. Coffey wanted to talk to Gregory about-’ Johanna began, but Gregory cut across her in a loud voice:
‘That tree really couldn’t look any more bloodless than if it were dead! Even that guy,’ – Gregory jerked his thumb back at the slender man in black – ‘might have more color about him than the Tree.’
‘Don’t point,’ Mango hissed, ‘he’s looking this way.’
‘Looking… at you, mate,’ Zach told Gregory.
Gregory’s eyes met his observer – he looked curious. And though Gregory had endured his fair share of curious looks, this gaze felt different.
‘What am I, his lunch?’ Gregory muttered, ‘He looks like he’s making up his mind whether he really wants to eat me.’
‘So romantic,’ Zach scoffed.
‘No, really – look at him.’ But at that moment, the man looked away to speak to Susannah’s father. ‘Who is he?’ Gregory asked.
‘That’s Remy Schuyler,’ Susannah whispered. ‘He’s weird but Daddy’s in love with him. Mamma says she’s always surprised they haven’t exchanged rings yet.’
‘And why does your father love… Mr. Death-face?’ Zach asked.
‘The Blood Tree was all his idea.’
Before she could explain further, an enhanced voice called through the air: ‘Visitors, be seated.’ As soon as everyone had complied, a hush fell over the crowd. The King and Queen appeared and took their seats. The Queen nodded and smiled at Gregory and Mango, and they bobbed a clumsy curtsy.
Asclepius Coffey-Sharada and Remy Schuyler took the stage with Augusta Lovelace-Zeppelin right beside them.
‘What’s your mum doing up there?’ Gregory asked.
‘I’ve no idea… but then, mum always does have a secret project or ten that no one, not even father, knows about,’ Zach said, looking as surprised as Gregory.
The contrast between the two was striking. Susannah’s father was as robust as robust gets, and Remy could make a sick man look robust if he stood next to him; Augusta Lovelace-Zeppelin was a vision of loveliness. But Susannah was right; there was camaraderie between the two men, a friendship in their glance and a harmony to their mannerism – and it extended to the lady who stood with them. They looked like master showmen about to put a great act to play.
‘My wife and daughter,’ Asclepius Coffey-Sharada began, ‘accuse me of baiting people to ask – ‘What is the Blood Census, and what’s a great ugly tree got to do with it?’ And then they say I won’t shut up. Well, sorry darlings, because it’s only going to get worse right now.’
The crowd laughed and clapped; Asclepius beamed, and even Remy’s mouth twitched.
‘It’s said that the first Census was conducted in Atlantis,’ said Mr. Coffey began. ‘But after the Sentinel Wars, there was no point, because almost all the big cities were wiped out. A lot of time passed, and new cities were built. And still, it wasn’t until thousands of years later, about a hundred years ago, that the rulers of Huaxia thought – ‘Wow, we have a lot of people here! If only we could track them! Two years – it took them that long to draw up the first list. Over three hundred million souls counted. It was a big deal, handshakes and jolly good shows all around.
‘In ten years that list was obsolete – somehow they had a whole bunch of new people coming out of nowhere! They had to do it again… all a very tedious and long process… but they’ve been doing it every decade for the last hundred years… a massive endeavour. 
‘Now, ten years ago, the Veles’ Curse had me flummoxed. The accursed illness destroyed one’s mana, and there was no illness a wizard could fear more! I thought I saw a way to attack it, but I needed to study thousands of samples of the disease first! I only had a few score cases to begin with, and it took me three years to build up the numbers I needed to get any sort of measureable pattern. Collecting them was a massive pain – a million times, and a million times again, I wished to know whole country’s health information at hand instead of having to solicit hospitals everywhere one by one.
‘Anyway, I found my cure, but I never really forgot about the headache I’d had simply trying to gather data. I must have gone around complaining, because one day, a patient of mine from Huaxia – he worked for the Census bureau there – told me all about how the Emperor there was using the census for reforms in education, in infrastructure…
‘I thought, ‘Alright, let’s bring that to healthcare.’
‘So I got him to invite me down there and I learnt everything I could about Census taking: I came back and set up a system. Domremy had its first Census almost a decade ago, and it was the coolest census ever done in history… because it was one of the only fourteen we know of, but let’s not nit-pick.
‘But I wasn’t happy. It’s a curse with us Healers, we’re never happy. I in particular, was sad that we had to go through thousands of medical histories and visit actual patients one at a time – tedious, tedious, tedious. Slow. Boring.
‘Three years ago, I met Remy Schuyler,’ Asclepius said, clapping the smaller man on the back. ‘Perhaps one of the most intelligent minds to have ever come out of Gurukul Caverns. Remy Schuyler had an idea, a vision… a technology to change the world.
‘Remy Schuyler dreamt of the Index.’
Gregory and Mango exchanged startled looks. That wasted looking man had created the tool the Queen thought was the most important invention in magical history?
‘Some of you have already heard of the Index, at tradeshows and magic summits – it is a counter and a sorter – perfectly adapted to the task of counting through millions of specimens to find the patterns that matter. Augusta Lovelace,’ – Zach looked as surprised as Gregory felt – ‘was kind enough to introduce us, and within the hour, Remy, who’d already been running experimental runeflows in a prototype Index, and who had thought to rune-link blood itself, was convinced that the combination of our three technologies – the Census, the Index, and Neo-Runecraft – would produce a tool powerful beyond anything ever before seen in human history.
‘My King, my Queen, and Domremy,’ Asclepius Coffey-Sharada said grandly – he, Remy Schuyler and Augusta Lovelace-Zeppelin brandished their instruments – ‘We give you the Blood Census.’
He, Remy and Augusta flourished their instruments, and something rumbled far below. There was a susurrus, during which everybody looked to the edge of the Tree’s platform or into the sky, but the sound came from all around.
Blood red flowers soared out from below - no, fronds, Gregory realised. The crows let out collective ‘oohs’ and ‘aahs’. Like iron filings drawn-up to a magnet, the crimson stream sought out its place at the boughs and branches of the great tree – in seconds, a vivid red canopy bloomed above their heads, thickening and growing as the magic of the fronds bound into the magic of the Tree.
‘Computing, neo-runecraft, and civic health – three futures united in one grand vision!’ Asclepius Coffey-Sharada cried. ‘Each of the fronds is rune-linked to a refugee Reflective in Helika – some sixteen thousand in all! Not only that, but the thaumic linking actually sustains the Tree itself! Upto this moment, the Tree was dormant… now, it draws on the magical potentials of those linked to it – both mage and mundane, drawing only a sliver of energy from each, but enough to function. Whatever may ail them, we’ll know it even before they do! Imagine a world where you’re cured before even you find out you were ever sick! And so His Grace The King shall monitor our kin across the borders. Today, the refugees, tomorrow the world! We give you, the future of civic healthcare!’
The whole crowd was already on their feet; and at that applause light, they cheered and stamped. Gregory, Susannah, Mango and Zach cheered and stamped right along; the implications might have been lost on them, but the mood was infectious.
‘And we’re not going to wait years and years before the Tree begins to show its promise either,’ Asclepius continued. ‘Our initial trials have already revealed things we’ve never seen before! In the Falstead Refugee Camp, at this very moment, we’ve already been able to head off an epidemic of cholera! My own predictions for early symptoms of the Veles’ Curse have been proven true. And we’re discovering new illnesses: there is a patient, a girl, who suffered and recovered from a fever that burned high enough to take her life, and indeed, it seems to have burned away all her hair! Have you ever heard of such a thing? Without the Tree, this anomaly would have passed unseen. Now, as soon as the Emperor ends the Emergency, we can bring her here to study her!’
‘Five times now the human race has been threatened by plague! We didn’t see the disease until it was too late! No more! Our lives have been unfairly short! No more! Our ends have been painful and prolonged! No more! The strongest of us have been struck down by the merest virus! No more! We were destined to become gods of this world, and today, we’re one step closer! Rejoice, Domremy!’
Colour crackers burst around the tree. The swelling ovation hid Gregory’s stunned silence. He had not misheard. His mysterious childhood illness had struck another! His hands clenched into fists, excitement roaring in his blood.
He had to speak to her, no matter what! But how could he, when a hundred kilometres and a hostile border lay between them? He looked up and saw the answer soaring above his head – a canopy of blood that coursed with arcane magic! To know about this girl, he had to speak to her. The only way to speak across vast distances then, was to Scry. To Scry the girl, he needed her blood. For that, he needed the girl’s own blood frond, hidden in the pulsating red boughs above him. And to get that he would need – 
Ten minutes later, Gregory and Susannah, hand in hand, had sped down the stairs cut into the Tree’s trunk.
‘Alright, hold on mister,’ Susannah said, jerking Gregory to a stop. ‘Exactly what is this ‘adventure’ you’re going on about? We’re not sneaking off into secluded corners any second you fancy!’
‘This adventure is a crime,’ Gregory said. ‘A theft, actually.’
‘A theft? Really? What are we stealing and who are we stealing it from?’
‘That day of our Blooding, you said that you’d do anything, give anything, to help me uncover my past. Did you mean it, Susannah? Because I swear that that’s what this is about. I think I’ve just found something important, and I need you to help me understand if it means something.’
‘I meant it! But if you want my help, explain!’
‘Alright then. That sick girl your father spoke of…he said no one’s been sick that way before – he’s wrong! It happened to me, seven years ago, the day I arrived at the orphanage. Insane fever and baldness! I don’t know how I fell sick that way, but I’ve always believed it had something to do with my mum and dad. If I knew how this Helikan girl fell sick… if I knew what she knew…  I must find out! Will you help me?’ 
‘Of course, I will! You haven’t said what you want, Gregory.’
‘It’s illegal, and wrong, and could get me into a lot of trouble… but I swear to you no one gets hurt. Even if you refuse to help Susannah, promise me you’ll keep this secret! If I tell you, swear to me you’ll never tell a single other soul! Otherwise we’ll go back up, and pretend we never spoke.’
Susannah matched Gregory’s sombre look. ‘I promise I won’t tell anyone anything.’ 
And so Gregory told her his plan.
‘You want to Scry her?’ Susannah said, more fascinated than horrified.
‘A Caller’s Scry,’ Gregory said quickly. ‘I just need to speak to her. People do it all the time.’
‘Thieves and criminals and murderers!’
‘Families and loved ones,’ Gregory corrected. ‘The gypsies do it if you pay them. They don’t do the darker kind of Scrying. I must speak to her Susannah… and if you’re gonna help me, you’ve gotta help me now. Will you?’
Susannah fidgeted, but Gregory thought it was more in excitement than in worry.
‘And if we get caught?’ she asked.
‘We just say you were giving me a tour of the place,’ Gregory said immediately, grinning, ‘and since half the people upstairs must’ve heard your dad wanting to speak to me about hours… well, they’ll think up their own reasons why we’re out and about.’
It was all about phrasing things the right way. 
Looking mischievous, Susannah took his hand and took Gregory down several more landings, stopping at a dark doorway barred by a magical barrier. 
‘This is the control room,’ she said. ‘Come on. We can get your frond from here.’
Gregory tried to reach through the ward; it felt as if he were pushing against air made solid.
‘It’s sealed off,’ he said.
‘Not to me,’ Susannah said. Holding his hand, she stepped through the ward as though it didn’t exist, and pulled him right along with her. ‘There isn’t a place in this whole tree that I can’t get into. Daddy gave me full access.’
‘Not that I’m complaining, but that doesn’t sound very clever. What if someone forced you to bring them in?’ Gregory said, looking around the room. Smooth and plain panels covered one wall of the circular room, and there was a panel that reminded Gregory of the zeppelin control room.
‘No one comes in that I don’t want to let in,’ Susannah said. ‘Someone could trick me, I suppose, but you can’t trick the wards. They’re too clever.’
There was a small alcove at the back, with complicated runes carved into its floor. ‘What’s that?’ Gregory asked.
‘A Scrying circle,’ Susannah said, and then, seeing Gregory’s expression, ‘Don’t get excited. You can’t use it.’
‘Why not?’
‘Only Daddy, Remy and Zach’s mum are allowed to… and only Remy really uses it anyway,’ Susannah said. ‘It won’t even activate if you try it… unless you’re the King or Queen, I suppose.’
‘Right,’ Gregory said. ‘So… how are we going to find one blood frond from thousands?’
‘We are going to do nothing,’ Susannah said firmly. ‘I am going extract that blood frond. Luckily for you, Mr. Grey, I was with Daddy on all his test runs of the Tree… including the one in which we found the girl with the weird fever. We’re going to have to be quick – don’t disturb me.’
At a touch of her hand, the control panel lit up and the screens flickered to life. Susannah’s hands moved over the panel, and though Gregory wasn’t sure quite what she was doing, he did see the writing that sped across the screens – the functions seemed familiar.
‘It’s an Index – a giant Index!’ Gregory said.
‘What! How do you know that?’ Susannah stared suspiciously at him.
‘Don’t look at me like that – a Hero-to-be can get around. I’ve seen smaller ones… how does this thing work?’
The text resolved into: Search test element: Surname <Greene>.
‘I thought I said don’t disturb me.’
‘Oh, come on. This is incredible.’
Flattery was a lovely thing. Susannah smirked. ‘Well, if you know how Indexes work… it’s really not all that different. The process runeflows are written into the tree’s core, and it allows basic function that all Indexes have. But if you want to do a lot of complex calculations, or ask a specific question, or execute a specific command… then you can write those commands into a runecard – they’re basically square blocks of runewood, rewritable, so you can erase one set of runeflows and write in another – and those runecards all go into these array towers at the base of the Tree… you can get them to say or do pretty much anything if you know how.’
A few seconds later, the wooden screens had a new message: Returned: Greene, Lesley FRCID: 4057 Status: Homeostasis. Command? 
Susannah typed in: Extract Secondary Specimen. ‘There are two of every frond, just in case once gets damaged,’ she said. ‘Your blood frond ought to be here any second.’
‘Wow. So if I, say, burn down the base of tower, the whole Tree just… shuts down?’ Gregory asked, fascinated.
‘Nothing quite so terrible. Yes, things would slow down for a bit… but we’ve got backup runecards for all the important runeflows; and while they repair the base of the tree, and while Pappa kills you, the Tree’s most basic functions can be restored from right here, actually – see this pillar in the wall, with all the slots in it?’
‘What about it?’
‘That’s an array tower – the Tree can function off any runecard we slot into it.’
‘And the tree really draws power off the rune-linked themselves?’
‘Daddy said it needs about twelve thousand links to work.’
‘And what happens if you don’t have twelve thousand?’
‘It dies, I think.’
‘Then what was holding it up before it got the links?’
‘Dormant runewood has its own latent magic, silly. And the tree’s not all runewood, just reinforced by it.’
‘Right. Man, this is really cool… it might be cooler than Zeppelins.’
‘Don’t even compare. Now, there’s something else I can do for you…’ Her hands flew over the panel.
A wide and squat runestone block with many thin sheets of runestone slid into its grooves made a crackling noise.
‘What’s that?’
‘A Book of Memory,’ Susannah said, rushing over to it and smacking down a large square sheet of paper on top – words materialised onto the parchment – Susannah thrust it at Gregory. ‘There you go – everything we know about Lesley Greene.’
‘You’re a genius!’
‘Don’t you forget it. Now where’s that-’
A tube in the left wall made a sound like rushing air. Something red and leafy shot out; a force field in the centre of the room seized the missile. The blood frond hovered in the air, twisting gently. It looked frail and delicate.
‘Don’t just gawp at it, we need to get out of here,’ Susannah hissed.
Gregory snatched the frond and carefully tucked it into his robe-jacket. Susannah turned the Index off, and the two adventurists jogged back up the spiralling stairs.
‘I owe you huge,’ Gregory said fervently. 
‘I will collect on that,’ Susannah promised, panting a little. ‘Now lets get back before tongues start wagging.’
‘True. Why don’t you go on ahead? I’ll come up a few minutes later.’
Susannah nodded; he appreciatively watched her bounce up the stairs.
He couldn’t believe how easy that had been! Less than half an hour had passed since he had thought to Scry a strange girl, and he already had her blood in his jacket! All he had to do now was wait until the next gypsy camp rolled into town.
Lesley Greene. He closed his eyes and thought of her, a girl in a land far away and south of the mountains. What have you got to tell me, Lesley Greene? What did we share?
Suddenly, Gregory felt exhausted. His mind swam with too many questions, was focused on too many avenues – magic, history, parents, and mysteries. He yawned hugely and stared at the nice view in front of him.
The blue waters of Big Finger shimmered peacefully below. White birds flocked above the high hills to the north. The scene was so perfect it was almost vulgar.
Something flew into his eye.
‘Argh!’
Gregory rubbed and kneaded his burning eye, cussing up a thunderstorm. Blinking furiously with his good eye, he looked up the Tree. Something dark and light as a feather fell from above – it looked like black snow. He wondered if someone had set off fireworks, and carefully began to climb the stairs to the top. The higher he rose, the more thickly that black snow fell, silent and sinister. 
He knew something was dreadfully wrong the second he reached the top. The smiles had faded from everyone’s faces, replaced by grimaces of horror. The cheer had given way to dread. Johanna’s arm, like the arms of some others, was outstretched to catch that strange black snow. Mr. Coffey and Zach’s mother looked stricken.
Susannah stood only a little way away from the stairs. She was frozen and looking up at the canopy from which the black snow fell. Gregory touched her shoulder; she turned to him, dazed.
‘What’s going on? What’s this black stuff?’
‘It’s… it’s the fronds.’
‘The fronds?’
A rather large snowflake fluttered down onto Gregory’s wrist. The shrivelled form was nearly unrecognisable, and at his mere breath, crumbled like ash. In sudden panic, Gregory reached into his jacket – his own frond was whole.
Across the landing, Mango’s face had turned white.
‘What’s going on?’ he asked worriedly. ‘Is the tree failing?’
‘No… it’s the refugees in Helika. They’re dying.’



CHAPTER 13.1
Lesley's Diary - Whipped - August 6, 1909
I learned an important lesson in planning today: 
• Prepare for every possible avenue of failure, 
• Always have back up plans
•If failure is inevitable, have mitigation measures in place.
I’m unlikely to ever forget these again, especially the third one, so I suppose that’s a silver lining.
When a cane is laid to your back fifty times, counting these sort of silver linings becomes important to your sanity.
I got busted. Obvious in retrospect, really, that you can’t tell every single one of the Incoming to stay away and deliver letters for you – you only need one of them to flake out or trip- up… or in this case, you only need their kid to ask within a Spook’s earshot, “Daddy, why wouldn’t the lady at the gate let us in?” You especially shouldn’t do it around Spooks who take their jobs seriously enough that they’ll report the incident to your letchy supervisor, who’ll then call you into his room and present you with several draconian options regarding your immediate life expectancy.
Thank you, anonymous kid. May your ice-creams forever be maggoted.
I tried to explain that I was just being dutiful by helping the incoming make informed choices about the conditions and illnesses in the camp. He didn’t buy it, but sat shaking his wispy-haired pate at me, in pretend sorrow. As far as his interpretation of the situation went, I had just, either deliberately or innocently, encouraged unlawfulness and/or deprived the needy of their right to the Emperor’s Protection within the camp during National Emergency.
A simpler, more general and broader interpretation was that I’d committed Treason.
The camp doesn’t exactly have a judicial process. Groups of Reflective workers have Observant supervisors. These supervisors arbitrate over disputes and apply their own judgment about the severity of various crimes, as well as their consummate punishments. Supervisors have limited punitive powers, but what they do have is enough.
Treason is consummate with death.
The kindly old fellow was nice enough to suggest that I had been entirely well intentioned, and that it wouldn’t do to have to kick up a tragic investigation and fuss over my naïve mistake.
So when he personally offered to carry out a simple and quick correction – fifty lashes of a cane – it truly made no sense to refuse his kindness. The fact that if I’d refused, an investigation would almost certainly reveal my charmed pamphlets, (and therefore blow our lines of communication) had nothing to do with it.
The West Gate has its own holding cell, iron bars and all. Borix is so clever at improvising – he bound my hands to a pair of crossed grills high up on the bars; I had to stand on my toes, but I managed.
And gentleman that he is, he had Angie bare my back, rather than do it himself. 
The cane may have been about as thick as his thumb.
The first ten blows are more shocking than they are painful. I think my mind was so filled with the need to flee or fight, that it couldn’t quite focus on the pain. I think it was around the twentieth blow that the rush left me, and I had nothing to focus on but the pain, which at that time, begins to feel like fire. My skin must have been softened up into some kind of batter, because I remember the cane going ‘thwap’ instead of ‘thud’ by that point. And after that, I lost count. I did nothing. I was afraid I’d faint, but I didn’t, and I’m glad, because that would have meant I’d lost. He has no imagination, and I think it was over in two minutes. By the end, I couldn’t even make out where I was getting hit.
I didn’t make a sound, and I think that bugged him a little.
I don’t remember much of what happened after that. Angie bought me back to Winnie’s tent. Winnie put her salve to good use. I won’t be able to move for a day… but the salve will do its trick.
One day, I really must repay Borix for his kindness.



CHAPTER 13.2
International News Headlines on August 9, 1909
Today In Orbit:
DOMREMY REPORTS MASS MURDER IN HELIKA: 1537 DEAD
The Persian Pundit:
HELIKAN GENOCIDE STORY IS LIKELY RUBBISH

The Soothsayer:
EMPIRE SILENT ABOUT WORST ANTI-REFLECTIVISM INCIDENT IN DECADES
Sentience Watch International:
REFLECTIVE TRAGEDY INSIGNIFICANT COMPARED TO GENERAL HUMAN RIGHTS ATROCITIES IN HELIKA
The Alarmist:
TOP HEALERS SUGGEST DEADLY NEW MAGICAL DISEASE ‘WHITE DEATH’ BEHIND SUDDEN DEATHS
The Sceptic:
THE HELIKAN EMERGENCY: CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY OR COMPASSIONATE QUARANTINE?
Aryan Mixed Mages:
SERIOUSLY, WHAT’S GOING ON IN THE WHITE EMPIRE?
The Seraphic
DOMREMY MAY CONVENE 201ST PEOPLESMEET
Medical Mirror:
BLOOD BUREAU CHIEF CAUGHT BETWEEN ROCK AND HARD PLACE
The Tribal Tribune:
AMERICA SUPPORTS DOMREMIN THRONE’S CALLS FOR INTERNATIONALLY MANDATED PROBE
The Mundane Herald:
THE SLOW APOCALYPSE: VOIDMARK MAY HAVE SPAWNED A HOST OF UNKNOWN DISEASES
Apotheosis:
FUTURE BLEAK FOR BLOOD CENSUS: BILATERAL COOPERATIONS UNTENABLE
The Doomsday Gazette:
HEL-DOM ALPINE BORDER ACTIVITIES INTENSIFY
King’s League Special:
TRAGEDY MAY SEE THE WHITE EMPIRE EXPELLED FROM THE LEAGUE IF FOUL PLAY VERIFIED



CHAPTER 13.3
Lesley's Diary - Riot - August 9, 1909
I remember Goru Griffith from my private Preparatory classes – he was an idiot. We’d just completed Macro Control Tier 3, when he got very sentimental about dominoes of all things. He gave this whole sermon about how life was like a tile of dominoes cascading, driven by an unknown metaphysical cause…  I hate not being able to tell people they are idiots.
But if he’d been here with me at the camp today, and delivered that sermon… maybe he’d have been onto something.
Part of my mind is saying I should have seen it coming. That part of my mind is an idiot. Yes, the signs were all there, but I had no way of reading them – I’m not an expert on the cause-and-effect chains behind riots. 
Or, like A Labyrinth Of Thought says: I had no priors.
Three days ago, whatever it was that had been making everyone so irritable – its influence seemed to just vanish. The sounds of constant bickering were gone, and so were the millions of little accidents driving everyone crazy.
But things did not go back to normal.
It was as if the hot air had been let out of everyone’s balloons, and they’d drifted down to the sea, and then begun to sink. It was depressing. Everyone looked miserable, ready to burst into tears. There still was a shadow of their former agitation… but instead of being angry, the whole camp was just nervous, the kind of nervous you get when you’re stuck in a small space. 
Everyone was pale. 
And then everyone was sick. 
The whole camp came down with fever and/or bad digestion… everyone but me. I’ve haven’t seen this much puking and retching and running for the toilets in all of my life so far.
First they were hot.
And then they were cold.
And then they were drooling.
And everybody stank of I don’t know what but it was disgusting.
The Spooks called everyone out to the square in the morning. I’m not sure how they managed to do that – considering most of the camp could barely walk. They said a strange new illness was sweeping the country, and that at great expense, an antidote had been developed. 
The full antidote cycle would take eight vials to complete. Anything less than that would only prolong the illness, which was, according to them, killing everyone who didn’t take the antidote on time. The price of each vial was three Caesars. 
In other words, our lives finally had a price – twenty-four Caesars. 
Do you know how much a Reflective in Helika may earn in a year, if living frugally? 
Four Caesars.
But of course the Empire isn’t heartless – we were told we could mortgage our lands to the Emperor’s Treasury for whatever amount we couldn’t pay for in coin. They’d hold our titles until we could pay off their debts.
We save about a Caesar a year if we try. If we had to pay the Empire back, it would take us a full third of the rest of our lives.
And that’s without interest.
There was no explanation of what this illness might be.  They didn’t bother to have an explanation. They knew it was faux. We knew it was faux. They knew we knew they knew. We both knew they’d poisoned us somehow. And they didn’t have bloody courtesy to come up with a name or explanation for their scam. 
They wanted us to know that they’d finally done it – taken our lands away.
We understood.
I think that might have been what set the nearly psychotic crowd off. 
Someone, I’m not sure who – charged for the antidotes they told us were stocked in the warehouse beyond the stockade. He died of spellfire before he’d run twenty feet. More of us moved forward, and more of us died. But when sixteen thousand of us moved forward, it was their turn to die.
Even now, I’m not sure how long the riot lasted. I remember the front line of Spooks being overwhelmed. I remember the fence to the Observant section of the camps being torn down. I remember the gates to the Spook Family Barracks being broken.
I’m not sure how many died yesterday, but it was in the thousands.
The Spooks finally broke the riot using chain lightning spells. Somehow they managed to prep it. I think the first one killed a hundred or so of the rioters, and the second one killed three times that. After that, the rest of the rioters scattered, but the Spooks went right on casting until there was no one left in sight.
Not even I was in sight, though I was there. I remember the lightning ripping through me, cooking me from inside…
And then, before even I could feel the pain, the demon came forward. It healed me, and it let me absorb the spell. 
Then it turned me invisible.
And that’s how I saved Charlie, by absorbing the bolt that would have cooked him.
As of this moment, they haven’t come for us, and none of us have come out from our hiding places.
But they won’t stay away from ever, and we have no way to break out of the ward that surrounds the camp. 
I wonder… when they do come for us… can a demon Queen protect sixteen thousand?



CHAPTER 13.4
Lesley's Diary - Logistic Pitfalls - August 10, 1909
In stories, when the protagonist gets super powered magical abilities, practically every obstacle and impossibility wets its pants and turns into bowl of lukewarm porridge…
Real life, as it turns out, does not work this way.
Now that I think back on all those stories, it’s a little funny how all the obstacles and impossibilities happen to obligingly line up together just as the superhero gets his power, when, up to that point, they’d been kind enough to present themselves one at a time.
In other words, for most superheroes, their greatest power is an author’s plotting convenience.
For if my obstacles were halfway so considerate, I could have been across the border by now. No, when I gain superpowers, the chances of my overcoming obstacles go from being totally impossible to just highly improbable.
My current superpowers line up thusly: 
•	I can turn invisible
•	I no longer need instruments to access my thauma’s kinetic potential
•	My thaumic radius is about fifty feet – twice that of an adult mage 

However, I can’t cast spells. I can only move things around. 
For example, this means that when I have the bright idea of single handedly raiding the warehouse and extracting the antidote, I have the magical wherewithal to actually drag out every box of vials I find in there. 
My limitation becomes painfully apparent when I have to spend the next 8 hours hunting down all the idiots in hiding who’ve managed to form sickly looking armed groups hiding where they can. 
I don’t really blame them for their fear (especially considering what’s going on right now, but we’ll get to that in a bit), but it’s hard to feel charitable when you’ve got to pretend to be a kindly but stern ghost who’ll bully you if you don’t form orderly lines to take your medicines. 
Still, juggling a chain of wicked looking knives never felt so satisfying. 
And I can pull off a mean and wraithlike voice like nobody’s business.
There are about 42 bands of people spread around the camp. Once I’d persuaded people to follow my appointed leaders to the various locations where I’d stored the antidotes, things actually proceeded quite smoothly on the medical end of things. Whatever the poison or the malaise is, people seemed to recover almost immediately after a dose of antidote. I even remembered to have the elders and anyone else who could do magic set up a magical perimeter, in case the Spooks tried to assault us.
Three problems quickly became evident:
1. If everyone truly needs eight vials each to cure themselves, then we only have enough antidote for three vials each – after two weeks, we'll run out, and the week after that, the illness would return to afflict us.
2. I can scare sick people… but I can’t pull the same tactics on the Spooks that I did on the refugees – the Spooks would just start killing the refugees again till they thought they got the one juggling knives at them. 
3. I can’t be everywhere at once.
That’s why when bands of about 20 Spooks turned up this morning ready to fry us if anyone dared to so much as sneeze, and they called out the names of various refugees, and took these aside…
… and charged them with treason…
… and read out their death sentences…
… and took them away to be executed…
I couldn’t do anything but stay invisible… and watch. The Spooks keep doing rounds of the camp, take away a bunch of us to be executed, and we just watch.
I can’t fight an army.
They’ve set up a gallows in the main square. We will be able to watch the condemned swing from beyond the wards… and we will, thousands of us.
They’ll start with the executions tomorrow. And they’ll be back for more of us tomorrow.
Superheroes shouldn’t have to deal with logistics 
And they shouldn’t have to feel impotent.



CHAPTER 13.5
International News Headlines on August 11, 1909
Today In Orbit:
TREASON AT FALSTEAD REFUGEE CAMP; HELIKA TO COMMENCE EXECUTIONS
The Persian Pundit:
HELIKA’S AMBASSADOR TO PERSIA, CARVOHI: 
DOMREMY’S BLATANT ABUSE OF THE BLOOD TREE TO VIOLATE HELIKAN SOVEREIGNTY IS UNACCEPTABLE
The Soothsayer:
LEAGUE OF NATIONS PROBE CONFIRMS REFUGEES RIOTED FOR ANTIDOTE
Sentience Watch International:
EXPERTS LIST TOP 15 POSSIBLE REASONS FOR THE RIOT
The Alarmist:
WHITE DEATH MAY HAVE DRIVEN REFUGEES TO PSYCHOSIS
The Sceptic:
THE BLOOD CENSUS: CIVIC REVOLUTION OR NEW-AGE SURVEILLANCE?
Aryan Mixed Mages: 
DOMREMY NOT FAR FROM DECLARING WAR ON HELIKA; HERE’S HOW THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS CAN SETTLE THEM DOWN
The Seraphic:
HELIKAN DELEGATE DANCES AORUND DIFFICULT LEAGUE OF NATIONS QUESTIONS
Medical Mirror:
EDITOR: RIOT HIGHLIGHTS THE BLOOD CENSUS’S FLAWED MODEL
The Tribal Tribune:
DOMREMY ISSUES NOTICE OF WAR UNLESS EXECUTIONS IMMEDIATELY HALTED 
The Mundane Herald:
TOP REFLECTIVE LEADERS CALL ON REFUGEES TO ASSUME DOMREMY CITIZENSHIP
Apotheosis:
DOMREMY DEMANDS FORMATION OF INTERNATIONAL TRIBUNAL TO JUDGE RIOTERS
League Of Nations Gazette:
STRONG PRECEDENCE FOR TRIBUNAL; HELIKA MUST ACCEDE TO REQUEST
The Doomsday Gazette:
‘WHITE DEATH’ UNDETECTED BY BLOOD CENSUS



CHAPTER 13.6
Lesley's Diary - Design - August 10, 1909
A hundred and one executions.
That’s how long it took for someone to figure out how Helika was going about determining the guilty. That someone wasn’t me, and it really should have been.
I helped them choose after all.
I thought I knew what anger felt like before, but I had been clueless. I’m almost scared of my own brain right now. It feels hot, so hot that everything else is whited out, reduced to noise.
I’m angrier because we figured it out too late… for as soon as we realised their plot, they stopped calling people out for treason and executing them. Did they know we had figured it out, or did something else make them stop?
For more than a day, the others and I watched as the condemned were called out. They rose, men, and women and even some children… and when we protested, when we swore we’d never give them up, they told us to stand down, and they went with the Spooks. 
They looked at peace. You shouldn’t bloody be at peace when you’re off to die. You should scream, and fight, and cry, and rage. Death has no dignity, whatever your reasons for choosing to die. Death has no dignity. 
I don’t know her name, but she was a small woman with bulging, worried-looking eyes and untidy, curly hair. She handled the Incoming at the South East Gate, and she had realised who the Spooks were taking and executing: 
The wealthiest of the Reflectives, that’s who.
I was there when she realised it, almost breaking down in a complete fit when she realised her own complicity, and mine.
How did the Spooks know who the wealthiest were? Because I, and the other gate staff, had helped the Incoming list their lands and titles when they arrived that the camp… it was the first thing we did.
 And if you’re executed for treason, as these men were, then the Empire is entitled to seize your properties.
And they used me to select their targets.
They’re going to regret that.
Why couldn’t I have thought to rescue them before? Why? I don’t understand… how hard is it just to think something in time? I’m invisible, and can wield magic. It’s all I should need to rescue them… and I was too stupid to think of their rescue.
A hundred people died today, because I was stupid.
I must be a horrible person, because that honestly makes me feel worse than when I thought that five million had died because I was unworthy and unprepared. I feel sick, like I’ve never felt sick before. 
The executions are over for today. They executed a hundred and one of us.
There are going to be no more executions tomorrow. 
I won’t let there be any.
I can’t let there be any.



CHAPTER 14
Family Fervour
It is the next Wednesday, late afternoon. 
Gregory and Zach fly west over the bright red rooftops of Coffer Street to the Blood Tree; Susannah and Mango are already there, checking in on Mango’s Uncle Rafi. Unusually, a sullen silence has replaced the cautious camaraderie that the boys usually share. They have quarrelled, not with each other, but with the girls, and are on their way to make amends.
As the bright red canopy of the Blood Tree looms closer and larger, Zach speaks: 
‘I’m not saying sorry.’
‘You shouldn’t,’ Gregory tells him.
‘Really?’
‘Would you mean it, if you said it?’
‘’Course not. I said nothing wrong.’
‘Then you shouldn’t say sorry, should you?’
‘Yeah. Fact is, if anyone’s saying sorry, it’s her.’
‘Let’s not go there again.’ Gregory had suggested as much a few hours ago, and it had turned out badly.
‘Then why are we going, anyway? About turn, I say, and leave them to wallow!’
‘Naw, fighting’s no good,’ Gregory sighs, though a small and hateful part of him, which had many times accused him of being over-eager to replace Reggie and Alf with his new friends, disagreed. ‘It won’t make sense for anyone to say sorry anyhow.’
‘What! Why not?’
‘No one feels sorry. You think they feel sorry? If we all went about saying we’re sorry, we’d all be lying.’
‘But they were wrong!’ 
‘Don’t matter. I don’t like saying or hearing sorry. It’s never real. No one’s ever really sorry. I’m never sorry.’
‘You’ve never been sorry?’
‘No. If I was going to regret doing something, or if I thought I might want to do things differently if I could, I’d do them differently the first time around.’
‘You’ve never done something you wish you could take back? Really?’ 
Gregory thought back to the theft of the Bobbin’s staff. Never mind how guilty he felt afterwards, if he were put into the same situation again, he’d have stolen the staff anyway.
‘No,’ he said. ‘I don’t do or say things I might want to take back. If I did, I’d be being dishonest with myself in the first place, wouldn’t I?’
‘Then for the third time, what are we going over for? No one’s sorry!’
‘We’re going over because us fighting is stupid. We’ve been having a bad week, that’s all. Mango may be an idiot, but we don’t have to chew her out for it. ‘Sides, it was bothering you a lot more than it was bothering me.’
‘Then why’d you let loose on her?’
Gregory sighed, and thought back to his week. Their week. It would have been hard to say who was the most sullen of Gregory, Mango, Zach and Susannah.
The reason behind Gregory’s belligerence was apparent enough: he magical prowess, or lack thereof, had by now put him squarely in the bottom of the class. For a dreadful week he had watched, with increasing dismay, as the other laggards had come to terms with their magical ability, and improved their fine control over those wretched domino tiles.
Gregory’s performance had, if anything, worsened every day.
On Monday, Gregory, focusing harder than he had ever focused in his life, had thoroughly failed to knock over dominoes in the direction he’d wanted. It was the most basic of the thaumic techniques; this had just been the revision exercise before the class moved on to better things. 
He’d known, without looking up, that he was the only one who had failed. He’d known he was going to fail before even he’d pushed his intended tile. He had felt his thauma condense in eddies and whirls around him, drawn to the spot of his focus, veering wildly like an overlarge axe in the hands of an overly small man.
A small part of him was viscerally afraid that this was his eternal punishment for the crime of besmirching another man’s instrument – for dishonouring the Bobbin’s staff. An absurd guilt further twisted the knife, that he’d been given this chance to become magi, and he couldn’t even get the first lesson right. He just knew it – that Reggie, Alf and Mixer would have performed better in his place. 
To his horror, the Headmistress had called him out, and him alone. No one else’s weaknesses or shortcomings had been called into attention so far… and she had begun with his! She’d asked him to accompany her to her office. Following the Headmistress through the corridors of Gurukul Caverns, he imagined all the ways in which he was going to be told off.
Would he be made to take extra classes? Would he be told to try next year? Or, Gregory wondered miserably, would he be told that he wasn’t magical enough to be a mage, and kicked out of Gurukul Caverns?
Feeling abjectly sorry for himself as he got on to the Blooding Dais in the Dome (which ascended to the Headmistress’ office), Gregory wondered if they’d even let him become Hero if he wasn’t magical enough to be mage. They’d be too embarrassed to suffer him. They’d make Uncle Quincy send him back to the orphanage. At a command from the Headmistress, the dais smoothly levitated up to the very top of the dome, and into the circular shaft that led to the top. 
People descended into their graves, but Gregory was sure he was ascending into his.
 He would have never have dared look so forlorn if Reggie had been around – he would have been laughed at and scorned till he was no bigger than an ant, and told to ‘stop being a wuss’, but Reggie would never tell him anything again…
Gregory had wrenched his thoughts away from that path.
The Headmistress had led him from her office out into the sunlit balcony. With the blue waters of Little Finger stretching away below him, a cool and inviting blue, and with the Spire piercing feathery clouds to his right, the Headmistress had poured out tea and given Gregory the most unusual lecture of his life. 
‘Do you know what a heuristic is?’
When Gregory shook his head, she’d said:
‘‘Give someone a fish, you feed him for a day. Teach someone how to fish, you feed him for a lifetime.’ That’s a heuristic – a tool or technique of thought – by which we guide our own learning. They are not perfect, but they are right more often than they are wrong. Used correctly, they usually lead us to good answers.’
‘You mean, like rules of thumb?’
‘Rules of thumb. Trial and error. Common sense too. Some heuristics, Gregory, are more powerful than others. If you learn to use them wisely, you will learn to learn far more quickly than you would otherwise.’
‘Um…’
‘The heuristic of immediate positive reinforcement is one of my favourites. It’s based on a very, very powerful insight into the human mind: that the human brain craves quick rewards. Our minds, left to their own devices, prefer to think in favour for what’s good for us here and now, rather than then and there.’
Gregory had said nothing; it seemed like a very obvious thing to point out. As if the Headmistress had read his mind, she had gone on to say:
‘It’s hard to call obvious things powerful, but this is powerful, like a sword that lets you carve your brain’ – she had chopped the air with her hand – ‘into behaving the way you want it to behave. Also, like a sword, it’s double sided.’
He saw where she was going with this.
‘When it comes to learning something, success becomes the reward. But sometimes… sometimes you fail. And sometimes, you go on failing, even when you’re trying you’re hardest, so you end up learning the wrong lesson. You tell yourself that the grape is sour, but what you actually end up learning is to give up trying, because you’re scared of the answer. That’s the wrong lesson Gregory. I don’t want you to learn that.
‘I’ve been studying magic for twenty years, and I’ll go on studying it for the next hundred,’ the Headmistress said. ‘You never really stop learning magic. And if someone told me that the my first week of lessons was the most important week of my life, I’d laugh them out of the country.’
Gregory said nothing. He was getting good at saying nothing.
‘And yet, your first week has been devastatingly important to you, albeit, in all the wrong ways. You’re learning, perhaps, that you and magic are not compatible. If so, then that’s the wrong lesson.’
‘But we’re not compatible. It’s not working!’ Gregory burst out.
‘Know this – you’re not sick! Physically and magically, we’ve found no diseases that could cripple your magical potential. Not even the injury you suffered on the Voidmark impaired your magic in any way.’
The Headmistress was politely calling him a cry-baby. Fantastic.
As if she had read his mind, the Headmistress said, ‘We are allowed to grieve, Gregory. Grief isn’t a weakness – rather it is strength! It is a mark of our humanity… yet for some reason, you won’t allow yourself to grieve, to cry – because that would mean acceptance?’
‘Nearly everyone in that class lost someone!’ Gregory said, trying his hardest not to snap at one of the most powerful people in the world. ‘They’re not flaking out.’
‘How would you know? People…flake out, did you say? - in different ways. Perhaps someone is just crying a lot. Perhaps someone isn’t talking very much. One of your classmates has discovered that it feels better when she’s bullying something. And some people can’t focus on their magic. These are all solvable problems Gregory, but the solutions are all different.’
‘Don’t make me stop coming to class. Please,’ Gregory whispered. He fixed his eyes on Little Finger, too afraid to look at the Headmistress.
‘Look at me, Gregory.’
Her eyes had been kind.
‘I’m not going to make you stop classes. Whether or not you take a break is your decision. All I wanted to tell you was to not learn the wrong lesson from your slower progress. Can you do that? Can you not tell yourself that ‘this grape is probably sour’?’
Still unwilling to look at her, Gregory nodded, and then said, ‘Yes.’
‘Good!’ The Headmistress Eavesmother beamed at him, though he could not see it. ‘Then I will introduce you to another extremely powerful heuristic. Would you like to know what it its?’
Gregory finally turned back to her and nodded.
‘It goes thusly: ‘Stupidity is doing the same thing over and over again, yet expecting different results each time’. In other words, learn to recognise quickly which tactics do not work for you, and replace them with tactics that do! Classroom training isn’t improving your fine control. We’ll figure out why later – for now, let’s approach your fine control from another way.
‘Gurukul Caverns offers an optional class – a class different from every other! Yet it combines the best characteristics of every branch of magic the Caverns have to offer – the fine dexterity that drives powerful Sorcery; the theoretical structure that governs precision Runecraft; the intuitive scientific understanding demanded by Alchemy; the creativity without which Enchantment is redundant; a class which is, I’ll freely admit, my favourite, and has strengthened my magical ability, as a whole, a great deal more any single class that I’ve ever been taught. Would you like to take it up, Gregory?’
An enigma had infused her voice and her eyes; Gregory found himself transfixed as her words soared over him, around him, and through him. He could not remember deciding to agree – the moment she had asked, his head had nodded in acceptance all on its own.
And so music was added to Gregory’s curriculum. 
As his mother before him, he chose to learn the piano. The classes wouldn’t start immediately – the Cavern’s own musical instructor had not survived the Voidmark – but the Headmistress had provided Gregory with a tome of musical history to read while she hunted another instructor to recruit, and Gregory had transferred the book into his Index. In the meanwhile, Gregory would continue to attend class.
The talk did nothing to improve his performance in class, but outside of it, it helped a lot. Just knowing that the Headmistress – that anyone – was willing to invest in him, had faith in him, did a lot to shake him out of his doldrums. Now, when he stayed up an extra hour every night to write detailed notes of his lessons for Mixer, he felt less of a fraud. And on Tuesday, when they were tasked with stopping the fall of the dominoes once it had been started, Gregory met the near-sneering looks with a steadier gaze.
But Gregory’s magical inadequacy had only caused him to lash out – it had not been the core cause of the fight.
The second of their quartet, Mango, also had clear reasons for her belligerence. She was worried about her Uncle Rafi. And though the source of her tension and worry was a lot more specific than most others, she shared her anger with all of Domremy.
Gregory hadn’t quite realised quite how much hostility Domremy felt for Helika. Sure, everyone in Pencier knew that Helika was Domremy’s big and bad neighbour, held at bay by the formidable mountain massif of Murder, Monk and Virgin, and Domremy’s sheer magical strength. But people in Pencier were far more concerned with the going-abouts of their actual neighbours than countries hundred of miles away.
Not so in Domremy City.
Everywhere at school and in the streets and hamlets around Domremy City, one topic of conversation dominated people’s voices: the riot. But Gregory had not needed to look at them to see the hate in bright and blazing gazes, or in the clawed and gesticulating fingers, or in the speech spat through thin lips.
To see all that, he had needed only to look at Mango. 
The wiry girl had thrummed with nervous energy when he had seen her on Monday. ‘They won’t be able to explain it away,’ she had assured him. ‘They won’t be blaming a crossfire… or a quake… or spectres.’
The rest of the day, she filled the ears of everyone who would listen (and a few who would rather not) about all the ways in which Helika had it coming…
… and about the times Helika had pulled a fast one on Reflective peasants.
… how Reflectives in Helika were not allowed into government.
… the number of sly ways in which Helika swindled Reflectives.
… the time when Helika had outlawed Reflective festivals.
… the time when Helika had outlawed Reflective fashion.
… the time when Helika had claimed a Reflective temple had originally been Observant and then had taken over it.
… how Helika told Reflectives to pay a ‘faith tax’ or convert to Observancy.
… and how Helika forbade Reflective women from inheriting lands held by their mothers and annexed them. 
… or when Helika taxed Reflective inheritance.
… the time Helika forbade Reflectives from purchasing land in urban areas.
… the time Helika made it mandatory for Reflective landowners to grow only certain kinds of crops.
… how Helika forbade marriage between Reflectives and Observants.
… or the time Helika decided Reflectives could not use public infrastructure such as government schools.
… or even private ones funded by Observant bodies.
… the ban on Reflective newspapers.
… the ban on printing Reflective ideologies
… the edict making it mandatory for Reflectives to live within specific areas.
‘Unholy hells, you’d think anyone Reflective would have left Helika by now,’ Gregory muttered to Zach once Mango had finally gone home.
‘Yeah. And I thought she’d never stop,’ Zach said, rubbing his temples.
‘I don’t think she has.’
‘I can’t take another day of that!’
‘Let’s hope she’s gotten it out of her system.’
The next morning, Tuesday, they quickly found out Mango had not. Susannah did not have to deal with her rants as she was the at the Blood Tree anytime she was not at the Caverns – her father Asclepius Coffey was having a devil of time arbitrating between the Helikan and Domremin branches of his fledgling organisation. Gregory and Zach were not so lucky, but after three whole hours of this, through classes and break-time and yet again through lunch, they found different ways to deal with it.
Gregory buried his nose into his Index and began to methodically collate all information he could discover about ‘Brightapple’, something he has been putting off. 
Zach simply disappeared.
Mango went on speaking to Gregory, oblivious to his inattention, but perhaps that was because she was getting a lot of attention from the other students. The Grotto, where everyone usually unwound after classes, was always packed with students. These students, walking by Mango’s table, would stop to listen to her.
When Gregory looked up from looking into Brightapple, he found himself surrounded by a ring of a dozen students, some of whom were seniors, who were hanging on to her every word, with their eyes narrowed, and their lips tight and their heads nodding.
‘….The King warned them to look out for us,’ she had been saying, ‘and they haven’t. Heck, they’re likely the ones doing us in. And when we can show it for sure…’
She’d punched the air a vicious uppercut with her gloved hand.
Indeed, that had seemed like a foregone conclusion, and the whole country had held a tense and bated breath, waiting for an excuse, any excuse…
And the Helikans had managed to surprise them even so. It had come right after classes were over: an unapologetic and vehement accusation levelled against the victims themselves – or Rioters as Helika had branded them. Traitors of the Emperor’s Peace. Seditionists! Bandits! Terrorists! 
Domremy’s outrage had been swift and decisive. Word had filtered through the classrooms, and the streets and the forests and the alleys of Lotown: A Peoplesmeet was to be held.
‘This will mean war for sure,’ Mango had said. ‘Everyone’s gathering at the Arenas. I’m going now.’
‘We’re coming too,’ Zach had said, withering under her gaze. Gregory followed suit.
 ‘You don’t really think there will be war do you,’ Gregory had asked Zach quietly.
‘It’s not the best of times for it, with the quake and everything. No… but then, it’s never the best of times between Domremy and Helika, is it?’
‘What’s the Arenas?’
‘You’ll see when we get there.’
The Arenas, Gregory quickly learned, were a patchwork of clearings cut into a hillside, haphazard constructs with raised and circular seating space around each clearing. The crown of the hill though, had what looked like a massive and ancient circular amphitheatre gone to ruin, dilapidated galleries towering over the stage in the centre. 
‘Domremy’s got a bunch of informal duelling teams,’ Zach said. ‘Technically the clearings are all public spaces, but each team’s staked out its own arena. The teams issue challenges to each other based on a notoriety system, and they fight to rank at the top. I come watch them sometimes – the fights can get pretty epic. See the arena on top of the hill? That’s the Grand Odeum. They used to hold concerts there, once upon a time. Now, it’s where the top ranking duelling team holds court. At least, they do that when things are friendly.’ 
‘Interesting… but things don’t look too friendly right now,’ Gregory said. They were on a carpet, high above the Grand Odeum, which teamed with ant-like people in the galleries. Even from high up there, Gregory could sense the aggression within the gathering, pockets of rigid stillness forming from fast moving lines of assembly. A solitary figure stood unmoving in the centre of the white-sanded stage. 
‘Hells bells, how many people are there down there?’
‘Forty, maybe fifty thousand?’ Zach said. ‘Come on, let’s not keep Mango waiting.’
Sure enough, the wiry girl snapped at them as soon as they landed close to her: ‘Where were you?’
But they did not have a chance to reply: a hush descended all at once, and tens of thousands of eyes focused themselves on the figure in the centre. It was a woman, impossibly tall, decked out in the simplest of black duelling robes, standing with a bearing worthy of any Queen, a mane of hair flaring behind her, framing her.
She imploded the silence with a roar:
 ‘The people be heard!’
‘The people be heard,’ the crowd roared back.
‘The people be heard!’
‘The people be heard!’ Mango threw her voice as hard as she could into the roar.
‘Kin for kin, mind for mind, heart for heart!’
‘Kin for kin, mind for mind, heart for heart!’
‘Look! Look south! See beyond The Brothers! There, live a handful, and only a handful, of those we’ve called our own. Not in blood, or in deed, but in spirit! Kin of our faith, who endure what we fled! Symbols of our history, guarding our heritage. Today, they are beset. Beset from all sides from by a corrupt spirit, a nation too ashamed to look our kin in the eyes. I tell you now, we have a duty to them, those guardians to our faith, those carriers of our heritage. A greater threat faces them now than ever before – an opportunistic Empire, shrouding its crimes behind common disaster. They act from subterfuge. The Emergency is a sham. They know that we won’t let it pass, that we won’t just stand by. So they accuse our kin of treason. If it had not been for our King, every Reflective in Falstead would already be swinging from their necks. Only one thing keeps them from bay – the Blood Tree. By it, we knew Helika had failed our kin, failed to keep them safe. Even as we speak, our Emissaries are at the camp. By tomorrow, we will know the truth. And when Helika fails to restitute those of our kin that it has wronged, we, People of Domremy, will be ready to wrest it from them. We are resolved!’
‘We are resolved!’
That pretty speech was merely the preamble. Over the next hour, all of Helika’s wrongs were summarily listed, and contrasted to Domremy’s clearly superior character, much as Mango had done over the past two days, only this time, in a rhetoric much more flamboyant, by a speaker much more charismatic.
Gregory and Zach would not have stayed, but did so for two reasons. One, so Mango would have no excuse to kill them. Two, there was something powerful in the air, a sense of something important happening, that they would be remiss to miss. It was there in the blazing looks of the audience, and in the silence between the tall woman’s words. It was a strange sense of promise, a resolution, a commitment to an end, whatever that end might be.
‘How long is this going to go on?’ Gregory asked.
‘I think this is going to turn into a proper Peoplesmeet,’ Zach said. ‘Two weeks or so, I guess?’
‘Two weeks? What’s a Peoplesmeet?’
‘Sometime I forget you’re not from around here,’ Zach said, frowning. ‘It’s a sort of a festival… only there’s no fixed dates… or any fixed organisation. When something important builds and builds over the whole city for a time, and it doesn’t get resolved quickly enough, that’s when a Peoplesmeet could happen. It usually starts off with little speeches like this, usually by the most interested parties, like Mango, who’s Uncle is in Helika.’
‘The idea is to keep the mood going,’ Mango said, making them jump. ‘And to get everyone’s input – which is why it takes time. Somebody decides to organise things… usually it’s someone in the Throne’s service… and things just take off. Music. Plays. Book fairs. Food fairs.  More speeches. Debates. And it’s all centred around the reason for the Peoplesmeet happened – in this case, the abuse of Reflectives in Helika.’
‘Right. You wait and see,’ Zach said. ‘In two or so days, this whole hillside’s going to become a big, sprawling mess… there’s going to be loads of tents everywhere, with more and more people coming in… every arena here is going to be put to use – plays in one, dances in another, music, markets.’
‘Wow.’ Gregory looked around at the forty thousand or so already gathered, and imagined heir numbers swelling. ‘And what’s the point?’
‘I told you – the mood,’ Mango said. ‘It’s about taking measure of the people’s mood. At then end of it, there’s usually some sort of decision… that decision is presented to the Throne.’
‘How come the Throne lets people do that? This is… well, anarchy, isn’t it?’
‘Not really. The Throne serves the people… and besides, Peoplesmeets are sacred to Domremy… and to every Reflective country.’
‘At the risk of sounding stupid… why?’
‘Well… the first Peoplesmeet there ever was – it led to the birth of Domremy. The whole idea of having a country based on Reflective philosophy at all came from a Peoplesmeet.’
‘No kidding.’
It was quite dark by the time they finally left, and Gregory was glad to go. 
At home, Uncle Quincy knew all about the Peoplesmeet, as did Johanna, who, as it turned out, was incredibly excited about it.
‘It’s loads and loads of fun!’ she said at dinner.
‘As a matter of fact, the Throne has asked me to organise it, and gave me some funds for it too,’ he told Gregory. ‘You should come around after your school hours. Peoplesmeets can be quite fun.’
Gregory grunted non-committally. There was something unsettling about the mood at the Grand Odeum, though he couldn’t have said what it was (he wouldn’t come across the term ‘mob mentality’ until much later). All he knew for certain was that the mood was getting to be too much.
But Uncle Quincy did notice his reluctance, for he went on, ‘We’ve got gypsies coming in – you might even know these ones Greg – they stop by Pencier at least once a year – the Merlot Tribe – I believe.’
‘What? Those guys?’ Gregory’s interest was sparked at once. Perhaps he could show Mango, Zach and Susannah around. And there was something else he could do…
‘Yes, they ought be rolling in tomorrow – I’ll see if they can help liven the Peoplesmeet up. You’ll love that, won’t you, Jo?’
‘Gypsies and a Peoplesmeet?’ she asked, looking delighted. ‘This is going to be epic. The last Peoplesmeet was four years ago… and I haven’t been to a gypsy fair in over a year!’
 ‘You come with me then,’ Gregory said. ‘I’ve known these guys for ever – I’ll show you around all the fun.’
‘It’s happening,’ Johanna said happily.
It was, Gregory thought to himself, his mind going to the frail looking blood-frond still carefully tucked into his jacket. This took care of a not-so-little problem that had been buzzing in his head – to find a discreet Scryer. Fortunately, he knew exactly who the Scryers were in this particular tribe, and how much they charged for a session. He could be speaking to this mysterious Lesley Greene within the week!
Of course, he would have to be careful about it. No one who knew Gregory personally could ever, ever find out about it – he’d be in the most fantastic trouble if they did! And that also meant that he would have to get it done before he was formally knighted. 
What if the gypsies recognised him? Impossible, he thought. He had not gotten close to any of them, and they would have no reason to singularly remember him out of all the hundreds of boys at Pencier. Plus, he’d cleaned up! He didn’t even look the same. He’d cut his hair! No, they wouldn’t recognise him.
Later that night, Gregory came across his second stroke of good fortune – something so unexpected and startling, that when he first saw it, he thought his eyes were playing tricks on him.
Over the past week, Gregory had decided that the Index may be the finest thing to ever be invented. He called it Alexandria, after that ancient and mystical library. He felt like giving Remy a kiss.
He’d finally finished gathering from all the newspapers, all the meatiest articles about Brightapple and compiled them into a single Indexed folder. After dinner, he had begun to read them. Ink flurried across Alexandria’s smooth and grey surface. Gregory pulled up a fresh parchment and began to read and make notes.
The name Brightapple had niggled at him constantly since he had first read of it. He was surer than ever he had heard that name before, but try as he might, he could not remember where. The small village had belonged to no country, but had nestled and flourished as a spiritual centre in the very middle of the no-man’s-land between Domremy and Helika. It had been founded in the thirteenth century by a Helikan scholar-sage who had renounced every faith, preferring, instead, to find enlightenment in scholastic tradition and empirical observations. His name was Roger Bacon, a man so famously charming, that he had somehow managed to get along with leaders of both Reflective and Observant faiths, and even more fantastically, had somehow wrangled the protection of both countries for his fledgling village.
Roger Bacon and his disciples had made Brightapple famous as a place of learning and peace, and had actually trained the Dravidian scholar Nithya Ravi who would go on to found the first Gurukul in her own nation. This, ironically, had spelt out Brightapple’s own slow decline, as prospective students began to flock to the Gurukuls for their learning. Two hundred years ago, Brightapple had dwindled in reputation and in population to a village of ascetics.
On the 3rd  of July 1903, a mere three days before Gregory’s arrival at the Pencier Orphanage, a band of roving bandits had razed Brightapple to the ground. 
There had been no warning. By the time the border forces had arrived, the bandits had vanished. Strangely, there was no indication about which band it had been. Bandits were notorious for showing off, yet not one had come forward to claim the attack. Investigations went on for a year and turned up nothing. It could have been a religious attack; most of the villagers had been Reflectives, but Observants hadn’t been spared either.
When families and friends descended on the village to burn or bury the dead, the heavily charred and mutilated bodies made identification near impossible. The papers ran missing person posters ran alongside obituaries, but there were far fewer of the former. 
And that was where Gregory found it, among the portraits of the missing, a face – much younger, but unmistakable – staring back at him. The portrait was not a photograph, but a charcoal drawing…
… of Gregory himself.
He stared at the drawing almost as if he expected it to speak and explain itself. When it did not, a strange feeling gripped Gregory – triumph and terror entwined – he clutched at the Index, almost willing it to speak, to answer.
What?
What? What? WHAT?
The poster gave a name to go along with the face – but it wasn’t his own – instead, it called him Melvin Schuyler. There was also an address:
Schuyler Inc., Gimmel, Domremy City. 
He started. His seeker was from Domremy? And Gimmel… he had heard that name before… but where…
Barely five seconds later, he stood at the large mural of Domremy City in the Appleby drawing room, tracing with his finger, but carefully not touching, all the different names on it.
There it was, Gimmel, a small hamlet someway up the valley up from the eastern end of Lake Little Finger.
‘Who are you?’ Gregory whispered, peering at the red knob that marked the hamlet. What did this mean? Questions flooded his mind. He scrambled back into his room to jot them down, and when he had, he curled up with his knees pressed tightly to his chin, the flabbergasting queries scrawled untidily across the parchment, which he’d kept at his feet. His eyes moved to the first question. 
Who was seeking Gregory? Who posted the missing person notice? Who could have had any reason to expect seven-year-old Gregory in Brightapple? Not his uncle – Gregory and his parents had disappeared a full year before the attack. His parents? No, they would have used a picture, not a drawing. Someone else then?
Why didn’t they mention Gregory by name? Did the seeker not know who Gregory was, or was he or she deliberately obscuring Gregory’s name for other reasons? If the first, then the Seeker must have met Gregory only very briefly, and yet something important enough had happened that they wanted Gregory. If the second, then was the Seeker trying to protect Gregory’s identity? The first seemed more likely; they’d drawn his face instead of posting a picture, which meant they probably had no idea where to look for his picture, which in turn made it more likely that they had no idea who Gregory was.
The poster was dated after Gregory’s deliverance to the orphanage. That could mean two things, that the Seeker did not know Gregory’s whereabouts and someone else (possibly Gregory’s parents) had tried to hide Gregory from (possibly) the Seeker; or the Seeker had been the one to deliver Gregory to the orphanage and was trying to throw someone off by pretending otherwise. If the Seeker really didn’t know who Gregory was, then the first was again more likely. 
The next question: what had Gregory been doing at Brightapple (and did he have anything to do with why and how the village was attacked)? It was a very uncomfortable thought. Had his parents been with him, and had one or both of them survived the attack? Possibly, considering someone had gone and hidden him away, but it was a weak argument.
Better weak arguments than nothing, Gregory thought. 
Was the attack in any way related to Gregory’s mysterious illness? Had something triggered it then? Did the Seeker curse Gregory somehow or cause it in some other way?
So what was the most likely scenario? 
Gregory answered that easily enough: the Seeker was an unknown person or persons, probably hostile, who wanted Gregory for reasons that were likely tied to the mysterious illness; and they had no idea of Gregory’s true identity; but they strongly suspected that Gregory had survived the massacre (or else they wouldn’t have bothered with the missing poster); and that Gregory had something they wanted. 
That begot another question: why or how had Gregory survived the attack? For now, there was no way of finding out. 
Gregory uncurled and wrote down his thoughts and went over them again slowly before putting the paper down and staring into the distance. If his theory was true, then there ought to be some way to confirm it… and there was! The address! He needed to visit it soon, and discretely. And he was NOT going to be stupid and send a letter to the address before at least knowing whom he was dealing with.
Or…
He could just tell Uncle Quincy what he had discovered, couldn’t he? His Uncle far better equipped to deal with this, wasn’t he?
It would be the smart thing to do…
Something inside Gregory seriously fought the idea. If he told Uncle Quincy… then the investigation wouldn’t be his anymore. Heck, Uncle Quincy might even tell him to stay out of entirely, because it was too ‘dangerous’. It’s what grown-ups did, after all.
But seriously, there’s nothing more you can really do, Gregory’s brain told him. Wasn’t there? Gregory wondered. Perhaps he ought to make sure. Yes, he ought. Everything he could reasonably and safely discover, he would. For one, he could probably find out who lived at the address.
It was sometime before Gregory fell asleep, and he did not sleep well. Perhaps that was why, on Wednesday, he was that much more susceptible to get into a tiff with the girls than he otherwise might have been. 
Susannah’s distress was less her own, and more a reflection of her father’s. Asclepius Coffey was in a very difficult position diplomatically – stuck between loyalty to the country he called his own, and the Helikan partners in enterprise who had invested in his dream. Both were out for blood over the riot.
‘What have the Helikans got to complain about?’ Mango had asked incredulously.
‘They’re accusing Domremy of using the Blood Tree to subvert Helikan sovereignty,’ Susannah had sighed. ‘And they’re accusing Dad of enabling it… and now they’re threatening to pull their investments from future projects.’
‘Why’d he have to go the Helikans in the first place?’ Mango said.
‘The Helikans approached us,’ Susannah snapped. ‘They were very friendly then… we didn’t know they’d start flaking out like this.’
Gregory had read up on the Blood Census. 
The project was a huge political landmark in Domremy-Helika relationships. Most of the tiffs between the two countries were usually sparked off by the Empire’s mistreatments of its Reflective citizens. Before the Voidmark, the Blood Census had been intended to allow for an unprecedented level of access into Reflective conditions in the country, without the heretofore-required military intervention. Both countries got to keep their respective faces and everybody was protected and happy. 
And now fifteen hundred were dead, and the delicate little overtures both countries had been making were almost certainly as dead.
‘I don’t get it,’ Gregory had said on Tuesday, right before Susannah returned to her father. ‘If they were so willing to be transparent before… why the sudden change of heart? Why the riot?’
‘Haven’t you been listening to me?’ Mango had said crossly. ‘With Helikans, it’s all about land – Reflective land, that is. They saw the quake and figured it’s an excellent excuse to herd us together – all the easier to kill us off we’re in one spot – and then turn around and frame us for rioting. You’ll see the truth of it tomorrow.’
But when Wednesday dawned, it was to grim news: against all expectations, the riot was real. Domremy’s own emissaries had confirmed it. The refugee Reflectives of Falstead Forest had attacked the Helikan Whites, and killed about four hundred of them and hundreds of more civilian Observants, before the riot had been halted by lethal force.
When the arrived at the Caverns, they found that Preparatory had been cancelled for the day. The huddles around the Caverns were less grim then, and more confused. People were leaving.
‘Where are they going?’ Gregory asked.
‘The Tree,’ Susannah said hollowly. ‘They’re going to watch the fronds fall… and hope I guess… that it doesn’t belong to anyone we know.’
‘Watch the fronds fall? What does that mean?’ Gregory asked.
‘It means, you idiot, that Helika’s executing the rioters. About ten on the hour,’ Mango said.
 ‘They’ve shown the riot was real,’ Susannah said. ‘They figure they can now prosecute – we don’t really have much grounds to challenge them on this.’
Gregory’s blood cooled; he had to force himself to not check Lesley’s blood frond in his Jacket.
‘But… there are sixteen thousand people in the camp – how can they even tell who rioted and who didn’t?’ Gregory asked.
‘I don’t know,’ Mango said.
‘Shall we go there too?’ Zach asked.
‘I can’t,’ Susannah said. ‘Not right now. It’s too much. Later, perhaps.’
They made their way to the Grotto, where some of the students still huddled. Zach got them some sandwiches and juice, but no one really had an appetite.
‘They were provoked,’ Mango said. ‘They must have been. Why would they riot otherwise?’
‘The emissaries asked that too,’ Susannah said, ‘and this is messy, because somehow the Tree didn’t detect it… but as it turns out… the refugees really were sick from the White Death, and when they found out that the Helikans weren’t giving it out for free, they rioted.’
The messages raced across and through the Domremin sky all morning, and the updates kept streaming into the Grotto, where the student body huddled; Mango was not the only one with family in Helika – those were old lands, and many families who had followed Occilox into Domremy had left behind blood and memories there. 
It was the most unbearable afternoon Gregory had yet spent in Helika. The air was cloying, the silence almost suffocating, as the numbers of those executed climbed. A hundred eyes fixed themselves to the grotto’s open ceiling every time a message flitted through, carrying a fresh toll of those executed.  By noon, the number stood at a hundred.
 ‘A hundred,’ Mango raged tearfully. ‘Those complete bastards. How dare they.’ 
‘Calm down, firecracker,’ Zach soothed.
‘That a hundred of us dead. That’s not counting the fifteen hundred who died last week! Don’t tell me to calm down!’
‘Hundreds of Helikans died too,’ Zach snapped. ‘Don’t scream about one if you’re not screaming about the other.’
And that’s where Zach, Gregory later suspected, who was simply an easy-going fellow, had gotten tired with being around the perennially angsty, or angry, or exhausted.
Mango looked stunned. ‘Don’t yell at me,’ she said, more surprised than angry. 
‘I’ll yell at you all I like! You’re making me sick, mouthing off about Helikans every other minute.’
Gregory and Susannah had both dropped their jaws. Seeing Zach angry… it was like waking up to find sunlight was blue. It just didn’t happen.
And now Mango was rallying. 
‘What are you going on about? You think its fair that they’re murdering our people out there? You want to let them get away with that?’
Zach cut her short, hard.
‘Get away with what? Were you there? Did you see what happened? What kind of picture are you cooking up in your head, Mango? That the Reflectives just stood there looking around sweetly at the flowers, and hundreds of Helikans just decided to drop dead? They were murdered. Didn’t you hear what the King said? The Reflectives killed them. Are you okay with that?’
‘No one does riots just like that! The Helikans must have done some thing to deserved it… held the antidote back…’ 
‘To die? They did something so bad it was worth killing them? You want to make that call yourself, Mango? You don’t even know what happened. You want to take an axe to their necks?’
‘They’d deserve it! Not just for now, but for every time they’ve pulled this nonsense on us!’
‘Stop saying ‘us’! You’re not even there!’
‘What!’
‘You’re not a prisoner in Helika! What’s all this ‘us’ business? Stop making out like you’re one of them!’
‘My uncle’s there!’
‘You don’t even know the man! You only met him once – years and years ago! You never met his family.’
‘MY FAMILY! They’re still family! Maybe blood doesn’t matter to you-’
‘Hey,’ Gregory said sharply.
‘You’re taking his side?’ Mango said, incensed.
‘There’s no call to take potshots at what his mum does like the rest of this bloody city-’
For a second, Mango was so enraged she could not speak.
‘I. Wasn’t. Saying. Anything. About his family,’ she sputtered. ‘How could you… when have I ever… you’d think that of me? You think I’m that hateful?’
 ‘All you’ve been since last Saturday is hate,’ Zach said bluntly.
‘Don’t you… you’ve no idea what it’s like – you’ve no idea what it’s like to be on edge all the time, waiting and waiting-’
‘And you do? You’re thirteen, Mango-’
‘Blood is blood, Zachary. It’s not something you turn your back-’
Zach cut across her words, speaking so furiously and intensely, that Mango was left without words.
‘There’s a difference between being there for your blood and wishing murder onto others, and that’s hate. Your uncle’s still alive isn’t he? Then what’s your damage? What’s got your goat so bad that you’re going around calling for war? You say you wouldn’t think hatefully of my family – well, that’s very nice of you, thank you very much. Why though? Why not hate me like you hate the Helikans? Be a good little Domremin Reflective – hate the Helikan, hate the necromancer – it’s the only thing that’s mattered to y’all all these years, isn’t it?’
He jumped to his feet suddenly. ‘I’m out of here.’
‘What’s with him?’ Mango said, watching him stride away.
‘He’s right,’ Gregory told, his face expressionless.
‘What?’
‘You used to be fun to hang around, but since the Blood Bureau trip, being around you is like hanging around acid,’ Gregory said unsmilingly. 
Mango looked wounded. 
‘That’s enough, Gregory,’ Susannah said, but Gregory went on.
‘The King’s own envoy confirmed that the camp rioted,’ Gregory said coldly. ‘The Reflectives struck first, and no one can give a single good reason why. You do not know the reason why.’
‘You don’t always need to know why,’ Mango said heatedly. ‘It’s enough to know that Helikans always pick the first fights. They draw first blood. Always!’
‘Are you deliberately not listening? The Reflectives drew first blood this time! During Emergency! They’re not being charged with murder, they’re being charged with treason.’
Mango opened her mouth but Gregory cut her off, ‘And no, you can’t say it was Helika’s fault without proof. You know nothing of what happened. Don’t pretend you know better – you just don’t.
‘But all that isn’t even the important. Everybody has an opinion. But for the last few days that’s all you’ve been – a hateful opinion. You’ve got no right to fill his ears, or anybody else’s, with your opinion all the time, not when we haven’t asked for it.’
Clearly this wasn’t something Mango was used to hearing; her expression had gone from angry to confused. 
‘What I’m saying on the bottom line is this – you were rude. And you ought to go to Zach and tell him you’re sorry.’
But at that point Mango had had enough. 
‘Sorry?’ she shrieked. ‘You’re mad if you think I’ve got to apologise. He’s the pansy who can’t handle anything that matters. He started it, and if anyone’s apologising it’s him.’
Even as she was yelling, she’d been shucking on her shoes and seconds later she’d stomped away.
‘ Why couldn’t you leave well enough alone?’ Susannah asked coldly, getting up to go after Mango.
‘She was starting to bug me too,’ Gregory called after her retreating back.
Suddenly, he was aware of a lot of eyes that focused at the table where he now sat, alone. Scowling, he gathered his stuff and stomped off to find Zach.
After a minute of walking the Cavern aimlessly, he realised he had no idea where Zach was.
This is how it’s supposed to be, he thought darkly. This is what you expected, and this is what it came to. You can’t force friendship just by hanging out together all the time. You can’t just make it happen because some old man with an overlarge nose said you could. And you can’t just forget where you came from by putting on nobby clothes and talking to nobby people. Every time you open your mouth, it’s clear that you don’t belong. Everyone’s got sides to take, and you don’t know enough about any side to even have an opinion. You’re just a sideshow. Hero – pfah! You’re a character out of a storybook that everyone’s dressing up nice so they can look at you and feel better. You’ve got no stake in this place. You’ve got nothing.
Most of this was, of course, untrue. It is an unfortunate trait of imaginative minds that they frequently fall into an internal monologue of self-pity that must run its course, and Gregory was getting quite good at it. No passing grown-up questioned the sometime glowering, sometimes stone-faced Preppie as he stalked around the corridors. So it was a while before the grey haze at the corners of Gregory’s eyes faded, and he found himself once again at the Grotto, as hungry as he’d ever been (feeling sorry for oneself is tiring work). To his luck, Zach was there too.
Without a word to the other, they each loaded up with buns, butter and homemade jam until their plates towered. Mango and Susannah would have called the next twenty minutes of eating unimaginative. Gregory and Zach would later call it soulful. After each plate had been cleaned of the last crumb, Gregory finally said:
‘I bet they’re at the Tree.’
Resolving on the flight over to the Blood Tree that no apologies would be given or asked for, Gregory and Zach reached the Blood Tree. 
There was a crowd at the base of the Tree, and they seemed to be very excited.
‘Why is everyone waiting down there, instead up at the top like last time?’ Gregory asked.
The carpeteer, not Zach, answered: ‘The Tree isn’t public property. You can’t see it, but there’s a ward all around it. If I tried to fly up there now, I’d just be turned aside.’
‘Ah, thanks… but then how are we supposed to find the girls?’ Gregory asked Zach.
‘Wait till they come out, I suppose? What’s got all the folks at the bottom so excited?’
They quickly found out.
‘The King’s put a stop to the executions!’ cried an overjoyed man. ‘Sonja will be safe!’
‘Excellent!’ Gregory and Zach said automatically.
They were genuinely pleased, for both Mango’s faraway uncle, and for Sonja, whoever she was.
Two figures came dashing down the Blood Tree’s spiral body. 
‘We saw you flying in!’ Susannah yelled, running over. ‘Did you hear? Did you hear?’
‘Yeah! They’ve stopped the executions!’ Gregory said, just as excited.
‘They’ve stopped the executions,’ Mango squealed, waving something bright red in her hand. ‘I’m going to write Uncle Rafi a million letters!’
‘Is that his-’ Zach said, pointing.
‘His Blood Frond, yes. Susannah’s been keeping it aside, so we could check anytime if…ah!’
Mango’s hand convulsed, as if something had shocked her. The Blood Frond flew out of her hand; she snatched it back out of the air.
‘What in the world… Susannah, it’s…’
The bright red frond lost its bloom, turning grey within heartbeats, then black.
‘No…’ 
The frond didn’t hear her; they all watch the frond shrivelled into black dust, and blew off into the wind.



CHAPTER 14.1
Lesley's Diary - Rescue - August 12, 1909
Last night was fun.
I’ve never broken someone out of prison before, but after last night, I’m definitely going to recommend it as something for people’s general bucket lists.
In retrospect, I’m a little amazed it was successful, because I basically winged it, to speak. 
The escape itself wasn’t particularly fun or exciting, as much as realising that at the end of it, we’d ‘stuck it to the Boss’.
Yahoo!
Invisible, I’d walked into the makeshift prison they’d set up behind the stockade in the evening. The Spooks believed they were guarding prisoners who couldn’t cast magic, so they didn’t take the precautions a normal magical prison would. 
The dozen prisoners were behind bars, of all the archaic and impotent devices. 
Right after dinner, I floated a written message to the most sensible looking one; it told him to tell the others to be ready to be busted out. 
I spent about five hours with the two Spook grunts on guard in the room just outside the prison. I can speak Helikan, but these two idiots warbled some local dialect from a place where I presume everyone stutters a lot.
When the grunts fell asleep, I lifted the keys from the one who had them and unlocked the bars.
The prisoners trotted out, and stayed quiet.
It was when I accidently brushed the fingers of one of the women with my own, that I realised my powers of invisibility may extend to others: her fingers vanished before my eyes, though I could still feel them in my hands. She didn’t notice. All I have to do is touch someone, and then they remain invisible until I drop their invisibility. 
I locked bars back up, and put the keys back onto the Spook’s belt. 
And then we walked out of prison. If I had thought of rescuing our people just two nights ago… it would have been just as easy as it was last night.
This morning was much more exciting.
The Spooks came storming through the camp… straight for the tent where I’d stashed the escapees.
It’s a good thing I’d stuck around to see what they’d get up to.
I got to the tent before they did, and just before the Spooks arrived, we ran out, invisible. It was nearest I’ve ever come to actually losing my cool.
They came out of the tent looking confused, and somehow began to head directly for the tent I was shepherding them into. It would have been pants-browningly scary, if it had not been so funny.
They chased us around camp like that for two hours, getting more and more agitated, and we just kept running away, trying to figure out how on earth they were tracking us. 
Seriously, I’ve no idea how they could go that long without at least venturing a guess that we were invisible. In their place, I’d have realised it practically immediately.
As it turned out, it wasn’t until afternoon that the hunt became serious, and they started area blasting every inch of the camp with Dispellation Charms. 
But it was too late by then – I’d figured it out – they were tracking the prisoners using the stupid blood census devices they’d attached to our arms. I had them break the infernal things and trample them into the dust, find a fire, and then burn them.
Now that I mention it, if the stupid devices tell them where we are…
…then we ought to be ready to rid ourselves of them in a moment’s notice.
I think it’s time I brought in Winnie and Emil into my little secret.



CHAPTER 15
Letting Off Some Steam
‘So this is what a Peoplesmeet looks like?’ Gregory said.
A sense of purpose charged the atmosphere over the Arenas. Carpets flew surely and speedily over the open fields; caravans were strategically placed to channel the flow of traffic along particular paths; stages and taverns and stalls had been set up, and they were slowly gaining color; the upper of the whole hillside had been taken over by the core Peoplesmeet, and the rest of the slope was given over to the gypsy fair; in between these two, opportunistic merchants had set up innumerable stalls; and off to the bottom and the side of the hill, row after row of tents were being set up – a great number of people were descending on Domremy City and they needed somewhere to sleep.
Domremy’s informal duelling circuits had given way to the Peoplesmeet and to the gypsies. The gypsies had had rolled into town on early Friday morning, and, at the Throne’s invitation, over to the Arena. Uncle Quincy was ensconced in the Chief Merlot’s caravan with the other organisers, deciding the layout and theme of the events in the days to come.
In what seemed like another lifetime, Gregory and three other boys had climbed into that tent and stolen a grimoire of spells – a grimoire that, incidentally, was still locked in his trunk.
‘It doesn’t usually look this fun,’ Mango said. ‘You said you knew these gypsies?’ 
‘They used to come by Pencier twice a year,’ Gregory said.
‘Think you’ll meet old friends, then?’
‘You don’t make friends with the gypsies.’
It was three in the afternoon, after classes. Gregory, Mango, Zachary, and Susannah had all flown over to the Arenas too see the Peoplesmeet come together. By all accounts, but especially Uncle Quincy’s, it was going to be a spectacular. Zach had suggested checking out the games and stalls. Johanna had wanted to stay with her father a while, and she’d join Gregory and the gang later. 
‘Once it’s in full swing, people are going to start queuing up by the mile – we won’t even get close! Best to have our stomach’s fill of fun right away,’ he had said.
Gregory and Susannah had agreed at once, and Mango had grunted her own readiness. The other three kept looking over at Mango with what they thought was discretion – Mango had pretended not to notice and had successfully hid her own grins at their not-so-covert and clumsy concern.
One day had passed since the last fronds had fallen, Mango’s uncle’s among them. The Emperor’s directive to halt the executions had come a half hour too late to save him. Mango had sprinted away from the Blood Tree moments after her uncle’s frond had withered in her hands, and before they could catch up with her, had sped away on a hired carpet. That morning, she had not turned up for classes. The Headmistress told the class that the Piper clan were holding last rites.
She’d come back a little before classes ended though. Gregory thought her face looked a little wooden, and that her responses were just a shade slower than they might have been. Was that how he had been? Had the others missed it because they did not know? But she didn’t look like she had been crying – there were no dark circles under her eyes, nor were her eyes themselves red. If there was any resentment left in her from her quarrel with Gregory and Zachary, she did not show it. At any rate, they were all treading carefully around her and each other. 
Zach’s idea to visit the gypsy fair before anyone else turned out to be splendid! – especially as Mango and Susannah had never seen a gypsy camp in their lives, and were utterly fascinated.
‘This all looks so… kooky,’ Susannah said.
‘It get kookier as it goes on,’ Gregory said, grinning. Impulsively, he took Susannah’s hand in his own, started pulling her towards the entertainment, and shouted back over his shoulder at the other two: ‘Come on!’
Zach took Mango’s hand in his own, and the four of them jogged through the flamboyant caravanserai: stalls, games and rides spread out in a many pointed star from the centre, the chief’s car; bright colors were draped on everyone and in every corner; a string quartet was raising a merry musical hell; and there were silly gaudy posters everywhere.
‘Are they always this happy?’ Susannah asked.
‘Not really,’ Gregory said, a little awed too. ‘They’re usually a lot more mysterious looking instead of all this clowning around.’ Maybe the gypsies knew they were less mysterious to those who lived in the city, as compared to those who lived in the country.
‘These guys don’t look like they have care in the world… whoops,’ Zachary said, narrowly dodging a guffawing man in stilts. ‘D’you think they even know we might be at war in a bit?’
‘The Romani follow their paths war or peace,’ Gregory said. ‘Let’s get in to this! Coconut shies!’
Fifteen minutes later, Susannah was growling, ‘This is dumbest thing I’ve ever done in my life,’ as she failed to knock her coconut off it’s post five times in a row.
‘Sore losers,’ Zach tut-tutted, lobbing his long arms easily and hitting the coconut dead on. 
He had to eat his words at the high striker, when, pleased at his own performance of almost ringing the bell, he handed over the mallet to Susannah, who subsequently hammered the mallet down with enough strength to ring the bell harder louder than something that small should have been able to ring.
‘It’s all in the swing, you know,’ Susannah told a flabbergasted Zach sweetly, handing the mallet back to him. The big boy took the high striker to task, bringing down the mallet in great force over and over while Mango jeered at him. 
‘What. The. Freaking-’ he said, swinging for the twelfth time.
‘Give it up, Zach,’ Mango said pityingly.
‘Argh!’
He failed for the thirteenth time.
Gregory said casually into Susannah’s ear, ‘So am I not supposed to tell him that I saw you slip the game master a whole Caesar?’
‘Hush,’ Susannah told him, watching a red faced Zach throw away the mallet in complete disgust. ‘That’ll teach him to call people sore losers.’
They bounced from stall to stall, getting sillier at each one; Mango dominated the hoopla and Gregory the darts; Zach lost some genuine face to Susannah at the baskets and he hollered gleefully when Gregory beat her at it. 
Then it was time to hit the food! The gypsies were renting their own stalls out to the vendors who would pay – this had resulted in a mish-mash of cuisine that none of them had ever imagined.
‘What’s the heck is this?’ Susannah asked a vendor, pointing at some colourful and raw looking pastries of a strange texture.
‘Sushi.’
‘What’s that?’
‘It’s from the Sunlands – one Tael a plate,’ the vendor said impassively.
‘Four plates?’ Susannah asked.
‘Make it two,’ Zach said, wrinkling his nose at it. ‘We can always get some more later.’
Two minutes later, he had changed his mind. ‘I am never, ever doing that again,’ he said, retching and spitting.
‘What are you talking about? This is nice,’ Mango said, chewing on a mini shrimp-and-rice cake.
‘It’s disgusting…rotten!’
‘Don’t be a wuss,’ Gregory said, biting into what looked like seaweed. ‘This one’s got chicken in it.’
‘Tell Susannah that.’
Susannah had generously dipped her own strange pastry into an innocuous looking green sauce, bitten into it, turned red faster than anyone Gregory had ever seen, dropped her entire plate, and sprinted off to get some water. Gregory carefully tried the sauce, which was called wasabi, and which tasted like horseradish set on fire.
‘She’ll be fine,’ Gregory said, pretending that the sauce hadn’t made him break out in a sweat. ‘She just needs water.’
Indeed, once Susannah had returned, looking as dignified as possible with a tomato-red face, they’d continued their adventure in food, which seemed predominantly Asian. They were panting again at an Aryan stall. 
‘If my mom has to get up in the middle of the night because my stomach killing me, I’m telling her it was all your fault,’ Mango said to Gregory, before biting into what she was told was a golguppa, a thin ball-shaped wafer with a spicy concoction of potato, tomato syrup, mint and chilly paste inside it.
‘You’re an ingrate; what else is new?’ hissed Gregory, trying to soothe his burning tongue.
Some kofta, hummus, shawarma, pizza, satay and rolls later they were groaning from their bursting stomachs.
‘We haven’t even gone through a tenth of the stalls,’ Gregory said woefully, looking at a delectable mountain of sausages. ‘And they’re adding more!’
‘We’ve got a week or two,’ Zach said heavily. ‘It will happen, slowly.’  
‘Yes, well,’ Gregory said, ‘listen, I’ve got to take a whizz, alright?’
‘Whizz away, friend,’ Zach said, taking both Mango and Susannah by the elbows. ‘These fair damsels are in my capable hands. We’ll be yonder by the amusements.’
Gregory waited till they were out of sight, and then walked deliberately towards a tent some distance away, where he had just seen a tall and familiar figure enter – the Funny Man, who’d traded Gregory a book, in a time and place from long ago.
After all, he had a second reason to want to visit the gypsy camp, a reason he could share with no one… 
The tent was steep, and large and red, with a wide arch cutaway inside it. Gregory waited a moment before stepping in, his heart pounding wildly. He clutched that the blood frond still inside his jacket. 
Seriously, there was a chance you’ll be recognised, Gregory’s brain told him. It’s not worth risking just to talk to a girl you’re not even sure will tell you anything. I won’t be recognised, Gregory thought. I won’t. It’s been three years since I last saw this one… no way he’ll remember me.
 And so, taking a deep breath, Gregory poked his head in. The tall figure was bent over a large desk strewn with a storm of papers, but he’d noticed Gregory, and fixed him with a stare.
‘Hello?’ Gregory said. ‘I was wondering if you could help me with-’
‘Do you still have the book I lent you?’
Gregory froze. How in the world had he been recognised? No one else had, and he’d walked past practically everybody he’d ever met before. They hadn’t associated the clean looking urban boy with the thief who’d flicked their tomes of magic.
‘Yes,’ Gregory choked out. 
‘Good. Keep it safe. I don’t need it just yet, but I will.’ 
Gregory nodded, his ears still roaring from the shock of having being recognised, then thought to say, ‘Yes.’
‘Well, boy, what do you want?’ 
He should go away now, quickly. The whole point of going to the gypsies had been anonymity, and that was lost now. The frond seemed to double in weight in his pocket.
Think! He screamed at his mind. There had to be other avenues to Scrying, there had to be. Maybe some other gypsy tribe; no one said it had to be this one. He’d just have to wait longer, that was all.
And what if Lesley Greene does not survive that wait? Will you take that chance? Hundreds lost their lives within the span of minutes only days ago. That camp is dangerous; her safety has no guarantee. Will you take that chance?
He was going to be knighted! Risking that would be stupidity beyond measure.
How would he threaten you anyway? It would be your words against his. 
Not if he kept a trace of Gregory’s magical signature. Gregory would almost certainly need to use his magic in the ritual; he was going to be the one speaking after all. 
He has no reason to do that just yet. You are no Hero at this moment.
‘Well?’ the Funny Man asked, and to the boy’s great surprise, the words stumbled out through his lips.
‘I need someone Scryer… that is… I need to Scry someone, so I need a Scryer.’
The dark grey eyes fixed Gregory where he stood.
Why in the world did he do that?  Why? They don’t ask questions, thought Gregory. They never ask questions, or no one would trust them with this. 
Also, way to go on the smooth talk.
‘Ten Caesar,’ the gypsy said after a minute.
Gregory winced; that was ten times as much as they charged in Pencier.
Nevertheless, he pulled the payment out. ‘Here.’
They gypsy took the coins.
‘You have the blood?’
Gregory pulled out the frond. ‘Will this do?’
A little puzzled, the gypsy took the frond; and with his instrument, a ring, he cast a few spells over it; and then he looked curious.
‘You’ve been to strange places, boy,’ the gypsy said slowly.
It wasn’t a question. Gregory managed to not give any sign of assent or dissent. 
‘Will that work?’ Gregory asked.
‘Aye, it’ll work. But it cannot happen now. I shall need time to prepare.’
‘When can we do it?’
‘Will two nights from now, Sunday, be convenient? The Peoplesmeet will be formally commenced. You will be coming?’
‘Yes, of course.’
‘Then keep this.’ The gypsy handed him a small square token. ‘It will let my message seek you out when the time is right. You will make your excuses, and come where I direct. Is that agreeable?’
‘Yes.’
‘Then it’s time you left.’
And Gregory left intensely confused. Why, oh why, had he placed such trust in that peculiar gypsy? It wasn’t like him to act without thought, without measuring the prices and consequences that he’d be willing or unwilling to pay. It was downright scary! 
He’d been walking forward a absently, and crashed into Susannah, who’d come up on his left. Their heads knocked together.
‘Ow! Wh-Greg! Watch where you’re going!’ Susannah cried.
‘Sorry,’ Gregory said, rubbing at his skull.
‘I was just looking for you – Zach’s trying to win Mango a teddy at the slingshots.’
But things at the slingshots were somewhat tense. 
‘You’ve rigged it,’ Mango snarled, waving a wooden slingshot at the boy managing the stall. He was barely older than them, and there were two others a little way behind him.
‘You be careful who you’re pointing fingers at,’ the boy said coolly. ‘Not my problem your friend’s such a lousy shot.’
‘The ball keeps dipping when it shouldn’t,’ Mango insisted.
‘And here I was starting to wonder if I’d lost my hand-eye coordination,’ Zach said.
‘Hand over another ball,’ Mango said, and then, catching sight of Gregory and Susannah, ‘I’ll show you guys too!’
‘If you want another ball, you’ll have to pay for it,’ the gypsy-boy said.
‘Listen, worm-’
‘You watch your mouth!’
Gregory, pulse racing from risk he’d just taken, felt aggressive. He pulled out a Tael. ‘Three stones please – that’s your rate, right?’
‘That’s right, sir.’ The smirking gypsy dropped three smooth, round stones into Gregory’s hands.
Quickly, before anyone could react, Gregory put a stone after another into the sling and shot three times at the stuffed bear directly in front. Every shot missed, dipping low just before it reached the bear. Gregory turned to the boy-gypsy again, holding out another Tael.
‘Three more, please.’
As soon as the boy-gypsy dropped the shots into his hands, Gregory dropped one of them to the ground and stamped down on it: the shot cracked – there were three small, iron cubes inside.
‘So sorry. I broke one of your shots… but what are those?’ Gregory asked pleasantly.
‘I think they’re damaged property,’ the boy-gypsy said coolly, ‘and you’re gonna pay for it.’
‘I don’t feel like paying for it.’
‘One way or the other, you’ll pay for it,’ the boy-gypsy said, sliding an instrument, a wand, out of his pocket.
He never got it all the way out; Mango yelled, and her foot swung into his hand even as he was drawing it; there was a sharp crack; and half the wand fell away into the mud in which they were standing.
‘Oops,’ Zach said.
The boy look enraged then; the two boys lounging behind had noticed, and they came up behind him. They caught sight of his splintered wand; the next second, a hail of stones had burst from the ground and into Gregory, Mango and Zach’s faces. Susannah screamed.
Nothing had got into his eyes, but the shrapnel stung. Gregory charged, blind: he ran into something heavy and solid that went ‘oof’; behind him he heard Mango and Zach do the same: six people crashed into the ground; Gregory made out a blurry shape through his squint, swung at it, connected: felt something sink into his own stomach, hard: heard Mango growl, someone yell; and then they were thrown apart; a force field had bloomed right in the middle of the fighters.
‘Little ones…always starting the fun a little early… now, what’s this kerfuffle about?’ said the most powerful-sounding voice Gregory had ever heard in his life.
‘Gregory? Zach? Mango? And Miss Coffey?’ said Uncle Quincy’s voice. ‘Got into a little disagreement?’
He stood beside a vast and swarthy looking man – Gregory recognised him at once as the chief of the tribe, the man whose grimoire Gregory had stolen. And just in front of him, stood Johanna, looking gleeful.
‘They rigged the games,’ Mango spat.
‘And you wanted to draw blood, huh? That what happened, Murdy?’ the chief asked.
‘They went for their wands first,’ Susannah interrupted.
‘Twonk vandalised my property,’ Murdy, the stall-owner said. ‘Broke my shots.’
‘A pretty dispute all-around, then. Mr. Commander, any suggestions for how we ought to handle this?’
‘Murdy’s your nephew, if I’m not mistaken, Chief?’ Uncle Quincy asked, staring down at all of them. Gregory wondered if he was in trouble (though he wouldn’t have cared if he had been) but Uncle Quincy didn’t look angry. Rather, he looked amused.
‘That’s right.’
‘Gregory’s mine.’
‘What a coincidence.’
‘Yeah. So you boys… and lady… want to fight?’
Gregory, Zach and Mango looked at each other; their faces identically eager. The thought of a no-holds-barred drag down fight sounded more and more attractive by the minute! 
‘Yeah, we want to fight,’ Gregory said, and Mango spat.
Zachary, sounding oddly on edge, said, ‘Why not?’
The Chief, Uncle Quincy, Johanna laughed.
‘And you boys?’ the Chief asked. ‘You want to take these pretties to the ring?’
The gypsies glared at Gregory, Zach and Johanna. ‘Let’s do that. The girl’s coming too?’
‘She is,’ Mango said, looking positively hungry.
‘Come along then.’
They were quickly paired up with their opponents – Mango wanted Murdy, Gregory got the swarthy Tupin, and Zach got the stocky Radnich.
‘Girl, I’ll do you favour – ask nicely and I’ll go as easy on you as I want,’ Murdy taunted Mango.
‘Murdy, I bust you cheating at a fair game, and I’m going to bust you in the ring.’
‘You think you’re the first Sparklers to throw a tantrum here?’ said Tupin. ‘You should have walked away – a silver costs a lot less than your pride… and now we’re gonna take that too.’
‘You boys think you’ve got the monopoly on scrapping… you don’t get around much do you?’ Gregory said. ‘You’ll thank us for broadening your horizons at the end of the day.’
Zach and Radnich didn’t bother joining in on the banter – Radnich was happy to flex his muscles languorously, and Zach looked a little green in the face.
It was surreal. In the back of Gregory’s head, the puzzle of his own weakness in front of the Funny Man played endlessly. 
Why had he crumbled like that? Gregory was crazy for even thinking that way, but there was inside him a deep certainty that the strange comic would not betray him, would not use the Scrying against him. And that was the root of his fear. That strange trust… it felt alien, like it wasn’t his.
Around him, people eagerly cleared a path to a nearby arena – the crowd was mixed, mostly gypsies who looked cheerful, and some Domremin, who looked curious. The soon-to-fight did not look at each other. Gregory, Mango and Zach exchanged grim glowers; the gypsy-boys flex their muscles and swing their arms.
At a spell from Uncle Quincy, a glowing, fiery barrier bloomed around the arena in a wide circle. 
‘Alright, instruments out. Leave them here – we won’t have any magic in the ring.’
Right before the six brawlers trooped in, Gregory tugged Uncle Quincy’s sleeve.
‘Who’s taking the bets?’ he asked.
‘That’ll be me,’ the Chief said, and indeed, lines of people were already forming around him.
‘Get as many people to bet against me as you can?’
‘It won’t make much of a difference, you know?’ Uncle Quincy said in a low voice. ‘People here don’t play with the same level of coins that you do these days. Krups, not Caesars or Taels.’
‘It’s not about the coins,’ Mango’s low voice said from behind Gregory. ‘It’s about people learning not to bet against us.’
Gregory grinned at Mango. It was times like this when he really liked being around her – she just understood. They fist-bumped. ‘Milady, always a pleasure to fight beside you.’
‘Likewise, kind sir.’
Then they were inside the circle. The three gypsy boys were all progressively bigger than Gregory, or Zach or Mango and they looked cocky and eager. Well, all of them, until the one Mango had marked for herself saw her face – she looked murderous.
‘Get on with it then,’ the Chief said.
‘Yaaaaah!’
Radnich rushed Zach, who took a moment to look surprised before his attacker’s sheer momentum picked him up and rushed him to the barrier. And then Gregory didn’t have as single moment to look at the others; Tupin was striding over determinedly; he was a half a head taller than Gregory: his face twisted into a snarl, and he swung a big fist: Gregory didn’t bother to dodge – he needed to find out how hard Tupin could hit – how much of a beating could Gregory take… before he could not; the fist caught Gregory’s cheek: it hurt, and Gregory’s vision darkened; but he’d rolled with it, and that was probably as hard as the boy could hit; he could take it for bit… the gypsy snarled in triumph… began to follow up…
‘Watch your thoughts. See them form. Every time you have to make a decision, ask your own mind: ‘Why are you thinking whatever it is that you’re thinking?’ And when your mind replies, ask it, ‘Is that really true? Couldn’t it be something else?’ Go on asking that, until your mind can’t reply anymore, and you’ll know that you’ve heard the truth.’ Those had been the opening words of A Labyrinth of Thought, the book that Astrid had gifted to him, and Gregory sometimes thought it was the most important book he had ever read in his life.
Tupin was quickly becoming frustrated – he was putting everything he had into his swings, but they weren’t connecting; Gregory kept shuffling back, absorbing the blows as they came, reeling, but staying on his feet: the gypsy leaped: Gregory moved in close: the fist took him in the ear – he saw stars; but he’d been twisting clumsily, left elbow driving deep into right ribs: the gypsy gasped, but it couldn’t have hurt much: then, right fist drove into diaphragm: Tupin shuddered, his expression dazed… The Gladiator’s Discipline: they can’t fight if they can’t breathe, so make breathing painful…
Those words had made it impossible for Gregory to ever lie to himself; he could always see the false thought forming in his head… but it also taught Gregory to recognise his thoughts… and he could not remember ever actively deciding to trust the gypsy enough to risk asking him for a Scrying… his mouth had spoken of its own volition. Had The Funny Man gotten into his head somehow? But that was impossible – a great spell lay cast over Domremy, and every other nation, which prevented one mind from seizing control of another; there were enough stories of rulers who had torn down their own nations under such influence. Real stories, not made up ones. There were ways of getting around that protection, but those required a serious magic, and The Funny Man had not cast any spells that Gregory had seen or sensed…
Tupin was warier now; outside the sandy arena, a crowd hooted and whistled; distracted, Gregory took a blow to the temple and almost blacked out; somehow, he managed to back away without falling ever; stumbled into someone behind him: Zach…
No, Gregory’s involuntary decision to trust The Funny Man had been instinctive. And Gregory knew something of instinct. Once, a travelling showman who called himself a Science Writer had visited Pencier, and at Directory Laurie’s behest and coin, had lectured the boys on two kinds of instincts – ancestral and learned. When a Nile buffalo approached a croc-infested river, sometimes it would know there was danger in the water even though it couldn’t see the crocodile. This was not magic; the buffalo was just picking up the subtlest of cues and clues from the environment, the ripple in the water perhaps, or the scent of stirred mud, or a particular stillness in the air. As far as the buffalo was concerned, this was a big, glaring sign that read: GO NEAR WATER AND DIE! Even if the buffalo had never come across these signs before, something deep within the buffalo, what the gypsy had called ‘ancestral memory’, warned about the danger.
They were both tired now: Gregory, from all the blows he’d taken; Tupin from all wasted punches he’d thrown and Gregory had dodged, and from the few devastating blows Gregory had driven into his body. They paused and took a moment to look at the others, and both their jaws dropped. 
Zach was faring the worse of his fight; he was caught in a headlock, his jeering opponent stormed blows down on his head and face: but Zach twisted his head: instantly his opponent screamed: drove his elbow into Zach’s face with all his strength: Zach crumpled, his face swollen, and his mouth bloody, like the gypsy’s side, which Zach had bitten into, hard: the gypsy collapsed on his side, howling from the pain.
Mango, though, was winning! She fought like Gregory did: retreating from the blows, rolling when they connected, darting in when Murdy exposed himself – but she moved infinitely more sharply, her feet sure and light, her blows precise and deadly. Her desperate opponent lashed out with his foot: she caught the foot in her hands at its highest point, and ran back with it: Murdy fell with his legs in a painful split…
Gregory’s own opponent rushed at him, catching him around the mid-section: the wind blew out of Gregory… 
Not all behaviour was instinct though, the gypsy had said, and told them the story of Pavlov The Dog Lover. Pavlov had funny ideas about how something could be learned. He said that, when food was put in front of a dog, the dog would drool. But the dog wouldn’t drool, for instance, when a bell rang. However, the dog could be trained to drool at the sound of a bell. To prove this extraordinary claim, Pavlov began to ring a loud bell right before the dog would get its food, and he did this many, many times. And one day the bell rang but there was no food… and the dog drooled anyway! It had begun to associate the ringing of the bell with lunchtime. They gypsy had called this ‘conditioned learning’. Once they were all done with the jokes about how exactly Pavlov had gone about measuring the drool (there had been a lot of kissy faces), most of them had forgotten the story. Gregory hadn’t. It was too weird to forget. 
Gregory had to get away, Tupin was too heavy: he pinned Gregory’s arms with his knees, and rained blows down on Gregory’s face…
Now, hypothetically, let’s say the dog got hit on the head and forgot all about the stupid bell… at least, it’s conscious mind did. If the bell rang again, would the dog drool or not? And if it did, would the dog feel as confused about its inexplicable drooling as Gregory was now feeling confused about this inexplicable trust? 
Gregory bucked: his legs rose, curled back towards him, and wrapped around Tupin’s head – he pulled – Tupin was wrenched away and down, head slamming into the muddy ground, and Gregory brought his heels down on where he thought the solar plexus was… then he did it again… and again… the gypsy-boy tried to crawl away.
The question was – which part of the dog was it that was conditioned? The conscious or the subconscious? Which part of Gregory trusted the Funny Man? Certainly not his conscious – trading chores for a book did not a friend make (and he wouldn’t have told even Reggie, Mixer and Alf about this). His subconscious then, some part of his mind that he wasn’t prepared for… some part that was familiar with the Funny Man? 
He’d been crawling forward, kicking where ever he could, and the gypsy vomited… 
If so, then it was a learned behaviour, and learned behaviours needed time to set in. Which in would turn meant that Gregory had spent time with the man, a lot of time… but if he hadn’t done so in the last six years, he must have before…
‘That’s enough!’ said a voice that seemed to call from far away. An invisible force restrained Gregory where he was: the gypsy-boy finally crawled far away from him.
He’d gotten up, swaying where he stood; a large shape came and took him by the shoulder, and led him out of the ring. In front of him, two adult gypsies carried an unconscious Zach; beside Gregory, Mango fingers came away bloody from her split lip, and she looked at it critically. Gregory throbbed everywhere, but it was a distant sort of pain. In a strange way, it felt good. Nothing was solved, but it felt good.
Johanna ran up to him, Uncle Quincy and the Chief not too far behind. ‘You won! Pappa let me bet on you, and I won three Taels!’
‘Have you ever bet on a fight before?’
Johanna shook her head, and the hero-worship clear in her eyes was a little frightening.
‘Glad to be of service then, milady.’
‘You’re a dangerous fighter, boy,’ the Chief said. ‘You lost me three Taels to this young lady here… and maybe you’ve learned my own boys a lesson in cockiness. And miss,’ he said, turning to Mango, ‘I’ve seen very few fight the way you did, and none that did were mages. A fine performance.’
‘Thank you, Chief…?’
‘Merlot’s the name.’
‘Thank you, Chief Merlot.’
‘You’ll get patched up at the Medic’s,’ the Chief said. ‘Don’t mind the man if he’s not too gentle… Gregory, was it? It was his boy you took down.’
‘Right.’
The Medic wasn’t too hard on Gregory – he’d been told to treat winning team first, and hadn’t seen his son yet. Still, Gregory winced as the man roughly dabbed healing salve and binding creams over his cuts and bruises. Once, he’d left the tent though, Gregory rounded on Mango. 
‘Where did you learn to do that?’
‘At home.’
‘Seriously, out with it!’
‘I told you – at home. Mum taught me.’
‘Thought your mum was mage?’
‘She is – a warrior mage.’
‘That’s a thing?’ Zach’s voice said. He’d finally come around. ‘Ah, my head…’
‘You took an elbow to it,’ Mango told him.
‘Don’t change the subject. Your mum’s a warrior mage?’ Gregory said, peering at her through his swollen eyes.
‘For the gazillionth time, that’s right. She trains Peacekeeper, Watch and Military cadets to fight – to mix magic with might, as it were. It’s a family trade… everyone knows how to fight.’
Gregory tried to remember the sweet-faced statuesque woman he’d met just before the blooding, and completely failed to imagine her harming even a fly. It was probably a good cover.
‘Wait, you both won?’ Zach said.
‘They did,’ Susannah said, entering, bright eyed and flushed. ‘I thought he’d killed you.’
‘So did I… a lot of that felt like dying anyway,’ Zach said, still tenderly touching his face. ‘By y’know, that wasn’t as bad as I thought it’d be. I don’t know about you guys… but that felt good, really good.’ 
‘Yeah,’ Mango said satisfiedly, licking her fat lip. ‘That was your first fight, wasn’t it?’
‘So?’
‘Nothing. Good job.’
‘Thanks.’
‘Really? First fight?’ Gregory asked. ‘You looked very eager to take on the twonks we met outside your mother’s store.’
Zach shrugged. ‘I was angry.’
Susannah sat down beside Gregory.
‘Your eyes are so fat they look like fruit,’ she said critically.
‘Don’t worry,’ Gregory said, and then, feeling a little reckless, ‘You’ll always be the real apple of my eye.’
‘Greg!’ She struck his shoulder, and Mango and Zach chortled.
‘I’m sorry,’ Zach blurted out.
‘What?’ Three voices asked him, but he was looking at Mango.
‘I’m sorry I yelled at you.’
At once, the air the in the tent was heavy. Later, Susannah would say that Murdy and his boys hadn’t really stood a chance – they hadn’t realised that Mango, Zach and Gregory had been angry.
Mango nodded, and swallowed. She, Gregory suspected, had not yet shed a tear either.
Nothing more was said on the subject, but nothing more was needed. That one word had healed the strain in their fledgling friendship, and to Gregory’s surprise, a surge of relief was washing over him.
Did he care about these three that much already? It seemed strange that they would bond so quickly. He had known them for less than four weeks now. Surely it took longer to forge a true friendship?
But what’s true friendship? Gregory mind asked. It wasn’t just a string of adventures and pranks. It was security, and it was trust. It was knowing that you belonged. Gregory had once heard a saying, and it had struck him as unnervingly true:
You are the average of the five people closest to you.
It had made Gregory feel good to think he was the average of Reggie, Alf, Mixer, Astrid and the Director’s library (no matter what anyone said, Gregory always insisted that while books might not have souls themselves, they certainly carried the souls of those who had written them). Was that why he felt so guilty about his relief? He was replacing Reggie, Alf, Mixer and Astrid from their privileged places in his life – was that fair to them… especially Reggie and Alf, who’d have no way to live on, but in Gregory’s memories?
‘I’m sorry,’ he whispered to himself.
‘What?’ Susannah asked.
‘Nothing. I’m being stupid.’
‘Are you alright?’
‘I’m… I’m fine.’
Sometimes, the solution to a puzzle kept in the back of one’s mind came when one wasn’t even thinking about. 
Such a solution came stumbling into Gregory’s own mind now. Curiously, it was the earlier mention of apples that had let the back of his mind down this particular tangent… he could almost remember where he had heard Brightapple mentioned before. 
‘Come on,’ Gregory whispered to himself.
‘What?’ Susannah asked, but Gregory shook her off, and stuck his fingers in his ear, suddenly terrified he’d lose his train of thought… of conjecture, wild and implausible… but so right…
A vague picture formed drudgingly in his head.
Gregory had tried to put himself into his parent’s shoes before, when he had been trying to figure out if they had been the ones to deliver him to Pencier. But in his haste to investigate, he hadn’t taken that assumption further.
Fine, let’s say they did drop their young boy off at Pencier. What would they do then? Why wouldn’t they retrieve him? Because he’d lost his memory? But if you were a father, or a mother, regardless of what reason you had left behind your child, you’d still feel curious, wouldn’t you? 
In The Memory Keeper’s Daughter, a novel in Astrid’s collection, a young father, in a moment of weakness, had abandoned his newborn disabled daughter to the care of the nurse who had helped birth her. Later, unable to reign in his curiosity, he’d kept a watch on his daughter from afar, compiling her life in a series of portraits. 
Surely Vincent and Veracity Grey, if there were indeed alive and unharmed, would want to keep tabs on Gregory as he grew up, no matter what it was they were up to?
The picture in his head twisted, slipped and rolled, but he kept his focus on it. He was vaguely aware that someone was shaking him – he ignored it.  
A steady stream of facts tumbled into his sphere of focus: seven years old when he’d been dropped off; his parents had hunted gypsies for most of their adult lives; someone had always known where he was, and that that someone had tipped off Uncle Quincy to Gregory’s whereabouts… 
Another thought, meteor-like, streaked over the memories of the detailed maps and charts he’d drawn, and he knew with a leap that a gypsy tribe (this very one in fact – the Merlot Tribe) had left Pencier village only weeks before his own first arrival at the village. He’d have to go home and check, but he was certain. 
How had he not seen it before?
And sometimes, wouldn’t they want to give him a gift if they could? Say, a book on magical plants and animals? A book, the first pages of which fluttered open in Gregory’s memory… 
‘I remember,’ he whispered, finally taking his fingers out of his ears.
‘Remember what?’
He couldn’t even begin to explain. ‘Nothing.’ 
An hour later, after dinner and a stern lecture from Uncle Quincy about the image he’d have to maintain in public (who didn’t mind the brawl as much as he’d minded that it had happened in front of everybody), Gregory went into his room to confirm his theory, though he was terrified that it would turn out false.
So first, he spread out his charts, hunted, and found. The Merlot Tribe had left Pencier three weeks before his own arrival – a long distance by foot, but only a day’s flight by carpet… and they had only been two days of walking away from Brightapple when it had been razed to the ground.
Next, he extracted an old, leather-bound volume, A Compendium of Magical Bestiary and Botany. On it’s second page, the following words were inscribed:
For the Green Goblin,
In the hope that this keeps him from fingering my Dragonwhisker pots.
From Mairin Fahy, Abbot at Brightapple.
And finally he extracted, from a desk drawer, an album of photographs he had carefully preserved. He pulled out the first picture he had ever seen of his family.
There, cradling Gregory in the crook of one elbow, and Veracity Grey in the other, stood the Funny Man of Merlot Tribe.



CHAPTER 16
The Scrying
‘Gregory! Look!’ Johanna squealed, flying into his room, clutching something.
‘Wazzat?’ Gregory said, jolting up. He’d fallen asleep with the picture of his family clutched in his hand.
‘You’re gonna be a Hero!’ She thrust the package into his face.
It seemed to be an important looking letter. The rich red envelope was of hard velvet. Gregory undid the golden thread. A white card, with elaborate golden lettering fell out:
The Office Of The Throne Of Domremy
Recognises
Gregory Grey
In His Successful And Selfless Defence
Of
The Citizens Of Reflective Kingdom Of Domremy,
And With The Full Backing Of The Throne
Extends An Invitation To Him
To The Title Of Hero Of Domremy
In Public Ceremony,
On The 22nd Of August 1909

‘That’s only nine days from now!’ Gregory yelped.
‘Yes, on the last day of the Peoplesmeet,’ Uncle Quincy said, coming out of the room. ‘See the colored patches on the bottom?’
Sure enough, there was a large green square and a large red square at the bottom of the parchment.
‘The green one is to accept, the red one is to decline the offer.’
‘Oh,’ Gregory said, absently. Still not entirely awake, he brushed his finger over the red square. The card chimed a low tone. The words dissolved into a new message:

DECLINE THE APPOINTMENT?
YES	NO
Keep your selected option pressed for five seconds to confirm

‘Argh!’
‘What are you doing?’ Johanna cried. 
‘Careful!’ said Uncle Quincy. ‘The card’s enchanted.’
‘How was I supposed to know?’ Gregory carefully kept his finger on the ‘NO’ till the card melted back into the original message. He stared at the card, his finger hovering just above the green ‘Accept’ button.
‘Go on, then,’ Johanna urged.
But Gregory drew his finger away. ‘I’d like some breakfast.’ He’d floated the card halfway back to his desk before he realised it, and promptly dropped it in surprise.
Then he started, mouth falling open in surprise – he’d used magic! He’d used it flawlessly!
Johanna protested, bewildered, and more than a little annoyed, but Uncle Quincy seemed to understand. ‘Don’t pester him. It’s a big thing.’
‘Why would you even think about saying no?’ Johanna asked, ignoring her father.
‘Maybe it’s just fun to watch you wind yourself up,’ Gregory teased. That wasn’t it of course, but it shut Johanna up as she huffed her way through breakfast, glowering between bites of her pancake.
Nine days. Gregory had not expected it to happen so quickly. No, that wasn’t it. He hadn’t even been thinking about it. It had been an undefined and foggy future, and now that future had rushed up to him very, very suddenly. His thoughts moved slowly, as if cautious and ready for him to overreact.
But Johanna was not the only one confused by his delay. Later that morning, Mango flew up to the Wing, where Gregory stared moodily at the distant massif of the mountains: Murder, Monk and Virgin. Her fat lip, like Gregory’s puffy eyes, had practically vanished. Magical healing was wonderful stuff. A mound of dominoes lay piled to the left of Gregory’s beanbag. His family’s photo album lay on the right.
‘Why haven’t you accepted yet?’
‘How’d you know I haven’t?’
She thrust a newspaper under his nose and jabbed a finger at what looked to be a bulletin of names. ‘When you accept, your name appears, like mine has. Yours is stilled blacked over.’
‘I’ve got time.’
‘What are you even waiting for?’
Gregory didn’t answer. Instead, he said, ‘Watch this.’
A single domino rose from the pile next to him, and hovered in front of his face. Another joined it, then another, till a dozen lay suspended in the air. He rearranged the lot into a smiling face, though his own was perfectly blank.
Mango gasped, wonder and jealousy in equal amounts in her voice, ‘How are you doing that? Even I can’t do that!’
‘I don’t know. I just woke up this morning, and could.’
‘These things don’t just happen!’
‘They don’t? I wouldn’t know. It’s a little embarrassing how ridiculously relieved I feel now.’
The moments passed as Gregory made the domino tiles dance in looping, hypnotic patterns.
‘There’s an acceptance window! If you let it pass, you’re going to embarrass the throne. The whole city must be watching and waiting.’
Gregory merely shot her a pointed look, as if to remind her that he wasn’t stupid. ‘Let’s walk.’
They coursed the long ramparts of Garuda’s West Wing. The day was beautiful and clear, and the mountains to the south, unclouded, didn’t look as forbidding as they usually did, only massive. Gregory’s dominoes swirled in circles a few feet above their heads. 
‘Have you thought of a boon yet?’ Mango asked.
‘I’d forgotten about that. Have you?’
‘I’ve got an idea… but I might defer it.’
‘You can do that?’
‘Of course! You can ask for the boon whenever you want. It doesn’t have to be when you get knighted… though it’s traditional.’
‘That… makes things simpler. I’ve got no idea what I’d ask for.’
A few more minutes pass in silence, and the high white towers of the Hanging Palace draw nearer.
‘Are you alright, Greg?’
I don’t know, Mango, Gregory thought. I’ve just discovered my father’s identity, unleashed crazy thaumic strength after being convinced I was Mundane in my bones, been officially appointed to knighthood, and replaced my two dead friends with a bunch of cool new ones. Wow, what am I even complaining about? What am I complaining about? I’ve got things made so hard that I’d have to outright murder someone to mess things up. It’s…
‘It’s all a bit much, isn’t it?’ he said.
‘Muchness… I suppose,’ Mango said gravely. ‘There is that.’
He looked at her, trying to figure out if she was being sarcastic, but she looked completely serious, and he remembered, that she too had just lost someone close… that she too had refused to let herself openly grieve and cry.
They continued to walk, saying nothing, until the precarious towers of the Hanging Palace soared high above their head. From the spire of each tower, an orange flag still flew, rippling peacefully in the breeze.
‘How do you think Eavesmother does it?’ Gregory asked. ‘How does she stay so… how does she look so unconcerned, with her daughter almost certainly dead in another country?’
‘You don’t get elected to the throne for wearing your feelings on your sleeves.’
‘I suppose not. You think she’s alive?’
‘The Princess? I hope so. She was nice.’
On an impulse, Gregory told her about his grand venture to rescue the Princess, in another lifetime.
‘You didn’t!’ Mango said, delighted.
‘We did. We’re pretty sure a rat chewed through the sack. If I’d rescued the princess then, maybe she wouldn’t be lost in a different country.’
‘’Course she would’ve, and the only difference is that you’ve have been caught and hung! You got off easy!’
Gregory laughed. ‘Probably.’
‘No probably about it!’
At the Palace’s high and slender gates, they turned back north up the Wing.
‘Do you really hate the Helikans as much as you say you do?’
Mango looked at him suspiciously, but there was no criticism on his face.
‘What’s not to hate? They…’
‘I know what all you’ve said,’ Gregory said quickly before she could repeat her standard tirade, ‘What I mean is, do you really think every Helikan there is so despicable? For all you know, some of them could agree with you.’
‘That country’s a religious dictatorship,’ Mango snorted. ‘For a Helikan to think differently, they’d at least have to know they have the option.’
‘But…’
‘They don’t have the option, Greg! You do fine there so long you do as you’re told… and everyone does as they’re told. It’s useless to think of Helika as made of millions of people… because… because they aren’t people. They’re sheep, being shepherded along by the Emperor and his lot. When you talk about Helika, you’re only really talking about Emperor and the Shamanate. No one else matters enough! And since the whole country would go to arms if they Emperor told them to… there’s no thinking going on. There’s no reasoning. We’ve tried and failed! If the Emperor told them to wipe us off the map, the whole country would die trying and there’s no point pretending otherwise. We can’t be complacent! We can’t give the slightest quarter! Helika’s got a fifty times more people than we do… if we show a single moment of weakness, we couldn’t recover!’
Mango took a deep breath and calmed herself. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘If I become Hero… then I’d have to talk about Helika just as you do, won’t I? I’d be part of Domremy, which means… what’s the word – moderate? It’ll mean I can’t be moderate about stuff like this.’
‘You shouldn’t be.’
‘But this is only one thing… there’s probably a lot more things I’d have to say, and ways I’d have to act, even if I don’t agree with them.’
‘You’re afraid of… too much responsibility?’ Mango asked incredulously. 
Gregory shook his head. ‘More like… too much Hero of Domremy, not enough Gregory Grey. You know what I mean?’
‘Oh… I suppose. That makes sense.’
‘Yeah… anyway! The Peoplesmeet officially kicks off tomorrow. You’re coming, aren’t you?’
‘Yes, but we’ve done most of the fun stuff, haven’t we?’
‘And more besides… but not nearly enough of the food. I’m going to pace myself tomorrow!’ Gregory said, patting his stomach.
The time leading up to the Peoplesmeet was intense. Uncle Quincy was extremely busy – Gregory didn’t see him at all after breakfast Saturday morning. Johanna was on edge, trying out dress after dress, modelling each one for Gregory, and scolding him for his lack of fashion critical vocabulary. It didn’t help that he spent every waking moment trying to think up of ways to confront his father. 
The back of his mind had begun to chant as soon as he’d found out… 
he’s alive… Vincent Grey’s alive… he’s alive… he’s… alive… he’s alive…
And his mother? Where was she?
How was he going to confront the gypsy? Before the Scrying? After the Scrying? The questions rumbled in his head almost as loudly as Domremy rumbled about the situation in Helika.
At King Nathaniel’s behest, an international panel of judges had been convened for the trials of the rioters of Helika. The papers reported that the most stringent investigation were going carried out into the cause of the riot, and each of the accused would be assigned its own private defence counsel. The mood in Domremy was tense and loud, but upbeat.
An hour before the Peoplesmeet, at nine in the evening, Gregory and Johanna were dressed in their finest. He dressed in grey so dark it was black in the shadow. Johanna was anything but: she’d dressed up in a gown that had a red storm raging across it – a startling eye catcher. 
Uncle Quincy arrived already dressed in merry yellow, and they immediately set off, disappearing into the gently darkening sky, till they arrived at the Peoplesmeet. The air was thick with carpets, and it dawned on Gregory that carpets were cool, and that he wanted one of his own.
However, the spectacle in the air was nothing compared to the spectacle stretched across the Arenas – Uncle Quincy, the gypsies, and the other participants had outdone themselves.
Dazzling bursts of light played grandly across the fair. Everyone, especially the Merlot gypsies, were outfitted in clothes that were a spectacle all on their own. There were dancers, the outfits of whom changed colours from move to move such that it was a dance of both motion and light. Pyromasters conjured up blazing doodles larger than houses; serpents of luminescent water splashed over, around and through everyone and everything without wetting anything at all; colored jellyfish were enchanted to propel through the air; and firebirds cast a heatless flame on anyone they touched, such that everyone seemed to resemble living embers.
When they landed, there was so much light it might have been day – the most colourful day there ever was.
‘Is it always like this?’ Gregory asked, awed. He looked around for a tall, stooped figure, a futile act – every gypsy was too fantastically outfitted to tell what shape or size any of them were.
‘No! This is the best I’ve ever seen!’ Johanna shouted and then shrieked as one of the jellyfish trailed over her face.
‘Stick together. Meet me for the dinner theatre, Table twenty three, at the Grand Odeon,’ Uncle Quincy said, trying to be stern, but he looked as eager as them to set roaming around the place. Gregory and Jo promised.
They found Susannah and Mango at one of the performance stands, where an oiled up firedancer was unleashing his entire bag of pyromantic tricks. The girls looked rather dazed; they were so intent on the show that it wasn’t until Gregory carefully lifted their dropped jaws back up that they noticed he was even there.
‘Greg! Watch!’ Susannah hissed. 
‘You’re watching hard enough for both of us,’ he teased, but nevertheless spent the next few minutes just as intently fixated on the performance.
When it was over, the girls managed to look at once transported and crestfallen. Their handsome performer must have noticed them though, because he came over, and without a word, kissed both the stunned girls above the ear, and walked away.
‘Eep,’ Susannah squeaked.
‘Susannah! Your ear!’ Mango squealed.
‘Yours too!’
For roses of gentle fire had bloomed exactly where the fire dancer had kissed them. 
Zach was already here too, but he’d set his mind on a different task. They spotted him just as his ferocious strike rang the high striker bell – a loud and triumphant sound.
‘YES!’ he roared, jumping around. And when he caught sight of Susannah, he whooped. 
‘I did it! Hah!’ he jeered at her.
‘Congratulations,’ Susannah said with great poise, and then in a forlorn undertone to Gregory, ‘If I’d only paid the manager a little more, we could have had him doing this for the rest of his life.’
‘What do we do now,’ Mango asked, looking around.
Zach seemed to spot something and got a roguish look on his face. ‘As dad likes to say, we irrigate. Come on.’
A few minutes they were each holding a bottle of what was supposed to be spiced soda, but was far from sweet; instead it was flavourfully bitter.
‘Cheers!’ Zach said happily, clinking bottles with all four of them. ‘Drink up!’
‘Moonshine, Zach?’ Mango said, sniffing her own drink suspiciously.
‘I’ve no idea what you’re talking about,’ he said, taking a healthy swig from his own bottle. Mango shrugged, and they all copied him.
As they passed a fiddler, he struck up a merry tune.
‘Dancing circle,’ yelled Jo, and the girls dragged the boys into the impromptu shuffle, running over their protests with manic enthusiasm. A gay crowd condensed out of nowhere. Usually, dancing terrified Gregory, but the atmosphere and his own impending plans for the night made him feel reckless and indomitable. He spun and stamped and hopped with the best of them, and when he started spinning, the circle cleared and hooted around him. 
‘Go Greg!’ Johanna and Susannah shrieked.
When the fast tune finally ended, the two disoriented boys and three gleeful girls did another full round of the carnival’s games. Zach won Mango a stuffed whale; she punched him for it in thanks.
They were supposed to have dinner during the show later, but that was before they knew that a fleet of flying saucers laden with finger food would assault them at every corner. The pork chops, chicken nuggets, cheese chips, honey-potato fritters, spiced mushrooms, and pickled veggies were constantly at reach, and before they knew it, they were full. It didn’t help that they were dragged into another three dancing circles. 
‘It hurts,’ Gregory groaned soon, clutching his bloated stomach. 
‘Aaaaarh,’ Zachary said in agreement. 
All in all, they’d had a rousingly splendid hour by the time they headed into the ancient Grand Odeon, where, it seemed, a play would be acted out. A grand pavilion made of the richest red velvet had been thrown over the bowl-shaped stone circle. Uncle Quincy, who’d snagged the party a table midway up the theatre’s slope, had also found Zach, Mango and Susannah’s parents. The adults all had a pink tinge to their cheeks, and were guffawing uproariously together. The table was strewn with bottles.
Gregory nervously felt for the square token and Lesley’s blood frond in his pockets. When would the Funny Man’s signal come?
Mr. Coffey noticed them first.  ‘Our heroes return! Ahoy!’ he bellowed.
‘Ahoy!’ cried the women together.
‘Ahoy!’ Uncle Quincy roared louder than any of them.
‘Seats! And drinks! Real drinks!’ Mr. Zeppelin called, to the delight of the four friends. Mrs. Piper and Mrs. Sharada-Coffee made noises of protest, but the men overrode them. 
‘They’re with us! No trouble at all!’ Uncle Quincy encouragingly. ‘Better here then heavens know where or when! Come on now, what’ll you all have?’
A passing flying saucer must have heard them, because suddenly there were a score of very interestingly shaped bottles in front of them, and the empty bottles were cleared up.
‘Spiced rum, the drink for every weather and every occasion,’ Mr. Piper announced solemnly to the children.
‘No, that’s beer,’ Mrs. Zeppelin said.
‘Not a bit. Wine, that’s the stuff,’ Mrs. Coffey said.
‘It’s whatever you want it to be,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘So figure it out quickly.’
The four of them did their best. Johanna spat out her rum, coughing, and to everyone’s great surprise, cursing.
‘You’ve got the mouth of a sailor, if not the constitution,’ Mr. Coffey said, tilting his head at her with some respect.
Johanna blushed and carefully didn’t look at her father, who was trying and failing badly to look stern.
Gregory found himself agreeing with practically every drink except whiskey. Zach said he had a thing for rum. Mango found whiskey and declared it was the only one that mattered. Susannah, blanching with every swallow, told the others they were all crazy, and that every bitter drink was as disgusting as the last.
‘But if you’re going to all lose your minds, I don’t want to be the one feeling sorry for you,’ she said distastefully, taking another sip.
She changed her mind very quickly when she got to cream liqueur.
The lights dimmed. The pavilion hushed so quickly that Gregory absently wondered if someone had cast a quieting enchantment. At once the warm peace, that only just begun to descend on him, receded. He sat up straight and peered intently at the stage, which was now the only warmly lit spot in the room.
There was a brilliant flash of light and smoke – the audience gasped – and when they could see properly again, there he was, the tall Funny Man, dressed in the most severe black. For a second, Gregory was frozen – had that been the signal? What was he doing on stage?
The gasps of surprise died away, and the comic spoke, his voice booming, his head bowed down.
‘First they came for the Merchants, and I did not speak out – because I was not a Merchant. Then they came for the Ascetics, and I did not speak out – because I was not Ascetic. Then they came for the Reflectives, and I did not speak out – because I was not a Reflective. Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.’
No one in the audience was listening, perhaps, as intently as Gregory was. The Funny Man’s voice was low, but his enunciation clear such that he might have been speaking to Gregory personally.
‘Thus begins and ends the tale of Martin Niemoller, an intellectual of the Medieval Ages, who condemned his contemporaries for their inaction during the rise of the Observant militancy. Follow his sometimes futile, sometimes inspirational attempts to rouse his peers and colleagues to defiance of religious and nationalistic oppression. Mages of Domremy City, I present to you, The Merlot Minstrels.’
The Funny Man walked off the stage.
Gregory felt confused. Was he supposed to follow somehow?
The play began. The daughter was heart-achingly beautiful, the merchant was ruthless and remote, and the child by parts both precocious and mature. There was music to accompany their speech, melodies played on strange instruments Gregory couldn’t even guess at. 
The performances and production were tremendous; it was many orders more lavish than the simple and spontaneous shows the gypsies enacted back in Pencier. Everyone at his table was leaning forward; Johanna was stock still on her father’s lap, and Zach was absently chewing on chips, but very quietly and slowly. It would have riveted Gregory too, had he not been hyper-alert, terrified that there would be a sign, and he would miss it.
A movement caught his eye; for a moment, he thought he’d imagined it. Then he saw it again, a flutter of wings – a butterfly. The wispy creature settled on Gregory’s fist. No one noticed. He brought it up to his face slowly.
‘Excuse yourself,’ the butterfly said. ‘Claim an upset stomach and leave the tent. Follow where I fly.’
Minutes later, Gregory had stumbled his way through and out of the darkened theatre, following the butterfly past dancing circles and tents, till the crowds thinned and then disappeared entirely, and he stood in an altar in a small clearing.
The Funny Man was there, kneeling on the stone, his long hands drawing intricate runes in sweeping strokes. There was no moon tonight, and the runes glowed with their own light. There was a circle in the centre, on the edge of which the blood frond lay. 
‘It’s nearly ready. Stand at the centre of the circle,’ the Funny Man told him.
Gregory did as told. He’d seen some complicated runes, and was getting better at reading them, but this was far beyond anything he’d ever come across. It looked like a different language.
‘How does this work?’ he asked, watching the gypsy closely.
‘Scrying is, at its heart, a channel of communication,’ the gypsy said without a break in his work. ‘In every full cycle of communication, there is a message, a sender who gives the message a form, a medium through which the formed message is transferred, a receiver who can comprehend the form and react to it and finally, the feedback.’
‘For example, when you speak, your thought is the message; you are the sender, who changes thought into an impulse to speak; your language and words are the forms the message takes; the air through which your words are heard, is the medium that transfers your message; the listener is the receiver, who must be able to understand your language and words; and his response is the feedback.’
‘Alright,’ Gregory said. That sounded simple enough, if long winded.
‘Scrying then, is a mechanism that takes your impulse of speech and transfers it magically to another sender who’ll give it form, instead of you. In other words, when you wish to speak, your Will to do so is transferred into another’s body. You think the words, but it’s the receiver’s mouth that speaks, not yours. In feedback, the receivers thoughts are in turn spoken by you.’
‘What if there’s someone there? Can people on the other end recognise Scrying and cancel it some how?’
‘Those being Scryed cannot do so themselves, but someone in the surrounding area might.’
‘If I whisper it should still work, right?’
‘There’s no reason it shouldn’t.’
Gregory was about to as another question, but then snapped his mouth shut – he’d been so focused on confronting the gypsy-maybe-father, who was now finishing off the last of the runes, that he’d given no thought on what he’d say to Lesley! 
‘You may begin,’ the Funny Man said.  ‘I’ll activate the spell now.’
He’d have to wing it, Gregory thought grimly. Then another thought struck him. ‘Wait! How will I know if it’s working or something’s wrong?’
The gypsy looked amused, an expression that was strangely gentle on his face. ‘If it’s working, then all will seem normal, and you’ll feel yourself speak, but in the receiver’s voice.’
‘And if it goes wrong?’
‘My Scrying-circles have never yet failed anyone. But if anything wrong happens at all, then it could be as harmless as nothing happening, or you could find yourself stuck with the receiver’s speech, and the receiver with yours. Or worse.’
Gregory tried to imagine living with a strange girl’s speech and voice – it made him too nervous to laugh. 
‘Do you still want to proceed?’
‘Yes.’ He really should have looked up the full risks of Scrying – he’d probably have found it through his Index, and he remembered something about people laughing uncontrollably as they came out of Scrying – but there was no way he was backing out now.
‘Then, we begin.’
The gypsy said a word.
At once Gregory knew that it had gone horribly, horribly wrong, just an instant before his mind and his thoughts, no, his very Will and purpose, rammed headfirst into a gigantic… something. The collision dazed him and everything he was, all his identity, just scattered away.
What happened? He wondered. He remembered feeling like this before. His head had hit the underside of a table hard enough to nearly knock him out. What had he done then? Someone had told him to lay still.
Lay still. That was good. Movement would be bad. If he lay still, thoughts would come back. He felt too weak to move anyway. What had he been doing?
He wanted to talk. To someone. He’d been looking for someone. By magic. Scrying. He’d been trying to Scry the girl. The gypsy had said he never made a mistake, but he must have this time. Had Gregory managed to talk to her? He couldn’t remember. He couldn’t remember having said anything at all, or heard. No, he hadn’t talked. The Scrying must have failed. It was dangerous – had it killed him? Was this death? He didn’t think so. Where was he? 
Gregory’s thoughts trickled back to him in this manner until he realised he was being watched, and restrained. Whatever it was that was holding him, it was a Will, of that Gregory was sure, but it didn’t seem to have a mind of it’s own. It was nevertheless, greater than he had ever dreamed Wills could be. 
Normal Wills couldn’t be like this. This felt… alien. Otherworldly. 
Soulless. 
A mountain of potential without any purpose.
It was nothing he’d ever seen before, and yet it felt familiar – not in the way that the gypsy felt familiar, like a long forgotten friend – but like something he saw everyday, but had only now noticed… like flying on a Zeppelin the first time, and only then realising how vast the sky and ground were… and how lost and tiny he was in it.
Note to self: Find out how it’s possible for someone’s will to be this strong? And how can I make mine as powerful?
Gregory cast his thoughts at massive wall. ‘Whomever it is you are protecting, I wish to speak to them, and only speak. It’s important.’
It didn’t seem feel like how Scrying should work, but he didn’t know what else to do.
Who are you?
He couldn’t make out where the question had come from – it had bloomed in his head out of nowhere.
He really should have thought about what he was going to say.
‘I cannot tell you, Lesley. You are in Falstead Refugee Camp, and it’s not safe. If we meet, I’ll tell you everything.’
It attacked him. He didn’t know it could do that, and it was the most terrifying sensation he’d ever felt, like a giant hand had swept him off a cliff. 
‘Stop!’ he thought as hard as he could. It was like the ground had been rushing up at him as he fell and then it suddenly paused to reconsider. He was more shocked at the fact that the entity had listened.
It, however, felt a lot more menacing now.
How do you know my name? Where did you find my blood?
A part of Gregory wanted to chide her for admitting her identity, just because Gregory has assumed it. He took the mental equivalent of a deep breath. 
‘How’s this? We trade information: I am in Domremy City, and I know your area is under Emergency lockdown. I don’t suppose you get The Seraphic there. If you don’t want to answer something, I’ll ask something else that you won’t mind letting me know.’
He waited.
Deal. Me first. Where did you get my blood? And how badly did the quake damage Domremy?
‘The Blood Fronds, you must have seen them. The Blood Bureau is based in Domremy City – Domremy and Helika built it together. I had access to the Bureau and was able to remove your frond. The city did much better than most of the world, in terms of the quake. But I don’t know if you know about the spectres, but they killed many mages, thousands. The rest of the country is torn between wanting to rip Helika to shreds for what’s happening in Falstead, and mourning for the Princess, who everyone is pretty convinced is dead. There’s a Peoplesmeet going on now, that was kicked off by the news of the riot.’
There was some silence at this, and Gregory was about to ask his own, when a thought struck him. Did he actually need to ask Lesley Greene anything at all anymore? Both his lines of investigation, the search for this girl and the search for his parents, were to answer the same question: what had happened to him all those years ago. If the gypsy was his father, then wouldn’t he answer all his questions anyway?
That was assuming that the gypsy was his father (and there was still a chance – however slight, that he wasn’t), and that the gypsy was inclined to tell him the truth. The gypsy might lie, or Lesley Greene might. But it was unlikely that their lies would be identical. Either way, it was best to get both their stories, so that he’d at least have some points of comparison.
He really, really, should have thought about the questions he’d ask Lesley Greene.
Well, perhaps he could Scry her again in the future.
Do you have something to ask?
The question came suddenly, so Gregory asked the first thing that came to his head. ‘The camp executions have stopped, haven’t they?’
An immense fury came through the channel. How do you know about that? Yes, a couple of days ago. I don’t know why. 
‘I do. We found about that because the Blood Fronds of the Reflectives kept shrivelling up and dying on the hour. The King intervened and had an international justice panel set up. They’re drafting a whole set of laws just to deal with you guys, so the rest of the camp ought to be safe for now.’
Do they know, then? Do they know what all has been happening here?
‘Yes. There were letters out of Falstead Refugee Camp some weeks ago… it got people very agitated.’
There was a pause. Thank you. I cannot tell the others here, but that does help me.
‘Anytime.’ Yay, we’re friendly now. 
Why did you Scry me?
‘A little after the earthquake, when the Blood Frond first began its records of you, you were sick. What were you sick of?’
Gregory thought there was a slightest hesitation in the answer. It’s not like they tell us anything here. I got sick, I got better. Why does it matter? People get sick all the time.
‘Not like you did. You lost your hair. You fever should have killed you ten times over. It didn’t. That wasn’t normal.’
She was hostile again. What do you want to do? Take me to a hospital and take me apart? Become famous at the Royal Science Society for finding a new bug?
‘No. I’m asking you, because that happened to me. Some time ago, I fell sick, I lost all my hair, and no one knows why. You’re the only other person I know who had the same bug, if it was a bug.’
There was a longer silence. It happened to you? She sounded entirely disbelieving.
‘Yes, I swear it did. Do you know why? What can you tell me?’
Prove it did. Tell me what else happened when you were sick.
‘I had dreams. I don’t remember most of it. I dreamt that I was flying past thousands of stars, always running from something, always reaching for something. And then I found somewhere I was safe. But when I woke up, I couldn’t remember anything from before the dreams. Those dreams are my earliest memory.’
There was more silence, and then… 
When was this?
‘I cannot tell you now, please. It would give away too much. But I’ll tell you it was years and years ago. Please, what can you tell me?’
The response came slower. 
It would be stupid of me too, to say something now. I do have an idea about what could have happened to you, but I really shouldn’t tell you like this. You’re not ready. If we meet someday, and we might meet soon, if that international court thing works out the way I think it will, then I’ll find you and I’ll tell you, but I cannot now.
Gregory tried to contain the wash of bitter disappointment. ‘What can you tell me?’
I can tell you that I didn’t lose my memories. I know exactly why I fell sick. I can tell you that in my case, the sickness was my own doing. I can tell you that you’re not to talk to a single other person about this. I can tell you that if certain people find out about this, your life will get a whole lot more hairy.
That was something at least. ‘You speak as if you’re in a book.’
I’ve heard that before. Listen, whoever you are. You need to take care of yourself. 
That took him aback. ‘I’m safe enough.’
The voice snapped back. I mean it! Don’t do anything stupid or dangerous. Keep out of trouble until we can meet.
‘You’re probably more in need of that advice than I am. Are you safe in the camp? What can you tell me about the riot?’
I’m safe enough, for now. What do you want to know about the riot? 
‘Is it true that the refugees killed hundreds of the guard and their families?’
Yes. 
‘Why did they do that? That’s what no one here can figure out. Most people just won’t believe it.’
No here knows why, either but my running theory is that they somehow, by charm or poison, drove us insane. Everyone seemed to be losing their minds right before the riot. They triggered it when they said we’d have to pay for the antidote with we everything we owned in Helika.
She was cold again.
‘They say there’s going to be a war.’
There isn’t going to be a war, she said flatly. Helika can’t afford a war right now.
‘You sound very sure for someone locked in a camp.’
Trust me. There won’t be a war. Not now, anyway.
‘How safe are you in the camp?’
I don’t know. I think the Spooks are planning something. I don’t know what it is, but it can’t be anything good.
‘I meant is there any specific danger to you personally?’
What? No. No, there isn’t. I’m actually safer than most others in the camp.
‘I’ll ask the same of you as you’ve asked of me. Come to no harm.’
…Thank you. I must go.
‘Wait!’
What?
A question had come to Gregory out of the blue – he hadn’t even thought that the two might be linked.
‘Your magic! Since you fell sick, have you been able to cast properly?’
There was a minute, where he thought the connection had been broken. 
You can’t?
‘My thaumic radius was ridiculously short, and my fine control non-existent. Now, I’m a little more powerful than I should be.’
She replied slowly. That’s not supposed to happen. It didn’t happen to me. 
And just as Gregory thought that the two might not be related, she said, But I don’t know under what circumstances you fell ill. I lost neither my memory nor my magic, but I don’t know enough to say that it’s impossible. If I can, I will help you. But I can’t right now.
And before Gregory could say anything else, she was gone.
The world, carried on his senses, seemed to flood back into him. He was on his knees; he thought he’d been standing, and it disoriented him. With a jerk and a cry, he fell to his side.
He heard a voice shout something, felt his own magic let another’s pass. The spell, whatever it was, felt warm inside of him. Then it was gone. At once someone seized him and glared into his face – it was the gypsy. He looked furious.
‘Boy, focus! Can you hear me? Can you speak?’
Wherever the Scrying had taken him, it must have been muting whatever his body had felt during it. He felt like he’d run up a mountain and then jumped off. And he felt like he was going to laugh.
‘How many fingers do you see, boy?’
Gregory focused. ‘Two. I think I’m going to laugh.’
‘Laugh all you want, but first, do you know where you are? Do you remember who I am?’
The world was still swimming. Gregory opened his mouth to speak, but couldn’t, as his lungs heaved with laughter, and his guffaws filled the quiet clearing. He curled up, clutching his aching sides.
‘Enough, boy! Answer me. Do you know where you are? Do you know who I am?’
‘Hah – yes – ha hah – hah – I’m at the Peoplesmeet,’ Gregory gasped out. ‘And you’re Vincent Grey.’
The gypsy’s eyes widened. He stared down at Gregory, who stared back, his giggles suddenly gone. The gypsy tried to speak, and no words came out.
After a few long moments, Gregory scooted away, got to his feet, and left the circle at a run, not looking back.
‘Tell no one!’ the man called from behind him.
‘I won’t.’
He’d been right! He’d been right! He’d been right!
Back in the theatre, no one had noticed him leave, and no one noticed him return. When the play was over, he joined the others in their gushing awe of the performance, and they mistook Gregory’s wild-eyed triumph for appreciation. And when they flew back, Johanna falling asleep on Gregory’s knee, he stared grimly out into the inky night, as if daring the shadows to challenge him. There was a roaring in his ears, getting louder.
He was about to jump into bed when he spotted it on his desk – the white card with elaborate and golden lettering. For a long minute, Gregory stood staring down at it. 
Then he viciously stabbed his finger down on the Green acceptance square.



CHAPTER 16.1
Lesley's Diary - Feathers - August 15, 1909
There has to be a limit beyond which your brain says – “One more, just ONE more little feather on THIS camel’s back, and it’ll break on you so hard that you’ll emerge from other side of the hole that was created through the earth from the sanity-breaking explosive force of that weight.”
My brain is almost there, thanks to both good news, and news-I-don’t-what-to-make-of-but-is-definitely-mind-breaking.
Good news first:
Yesterday, I got Winnie alone, and I revealed that I was not, in fact, dead; and her first words to me were:
“I know you’re the Ghost.”
She revealed that she, in fact, had known it all along. No, I mean, literally known it all along, not in the sense of not believing in her heart that I could be dead.
Looking pleased enough with herself to rival any dog that’s just chased its own tail into submission, she tells me that she’s known all along that I harboured a Sentinel within me. Only she didn’t think it was a Sentinel, because nothing that beautiful could have been a force for evil. She saw a glowing-white, angelic looking being that told her to nurture me back to full health. She accepted, of course, and the Sentinel melted into white smoke and infused my body, which then glowed brightly for a few moments.
Winnie believes a god has touched me, chosen me for a great destiny, and she’ll move heaven and earth to make sure I fulfil my role.
I don’t know what to make of this, but in the short term that doesn’t matter; the upshot is, Winnie and Emil will do anything I say without question. I’ve instructed them to quietly spread the word throughout the camp to be ready to break the stupid blood census tracker devices the second I tell them to. 
Yeah, power, baby!
The rest of the camp is very taken with me, if somewhat indirectly; once word got out the escapees had been rescued by an benevolent and invisible spirit, I’ve earned the moniker, “The Friendly Ghost”. When the Friendly Ghost tells you to be ready to break your infernal devices, you better be ready to break your infernal devices.
Spooks and Ghosts… camps could not get more haunted. Ha ha.
The news-I-don’t-what-to-make-of-but-is-definitely-mind-breaking:
I’m not the only Trueblood anymore. There is another in Domremy. He Scryed me, not an hour ago.
And he doesn’t know… he really doesn’t know, that he has his own Sentinel.
He’s worried that no one can explain to him why he got a strange fever sometime ago! He says the fever robbed him of his memories! And that it weakened him magically to begin with… but now he’s strong again?
How does this happen? What does this mean? How stable is he… or whatever is going on inside of him?
Is he from one of the lost tribes Father and Mother spoke of? Did someone take him somewhere planning to have him trap a Sentinel, but it went wrong, and that’s why it affected his memory and his magic??
He doesn’t even seem to know he may have Sentinel-granted powers!
WHEN did this happen? Why didn’t the earth break like it did with ME? Why wasn’t there a Voidmark when it DID happen? Is my Sentinel related to the Voidmark at all? It can’t just be coincidence that I open a Cradle and a Voidmark hits at practically the same moment! It can’t! 
Then what in the world was his version of the Voidmark?? How did it happen without anyone knowing about it?
And the Blood Census… God’s above, it’s a DOMREMY and HELIKA project? We cooked that up? Why? I didn’t even know that was going on! Why didn’t I know?
What can I do about this?
Priority: Save the refugees. Even if Father is pushing for an international tribunal like the Trueblood said he is, I have a feeling it still won’t be healthy for us to stick around for too long.
For if I was in Helikan shoes, I’d simply let all the refugees die from the lack of an antidote, and then claim that they destroyed the existing stockpile fighting over themselves for it. The only silver lining is that they won’t kill us off immediately… not with the world watching the Blood Tree.
Probably.
The armband trackers have some use after all.
But no, we can’t sit like ducks, expect the world to save us, and then congenially keel over when the Helikans arrange for an ‘accident’.
I’m taking our well-being into my own hands.
And then, when I get back to Domremy, I’ll see what this other Trueblood is all about. 
Is he with us or is he against us?
Or is this all an elaborate trap, and he plans to capture me in his web as soon as I walk into his parlour?
Well, we can’t let him run around on his own. I feel bad for lying to him about the effect the Sentinel had on my magic, but I can’t lay all my cards on the table… after all, I’ve no idea what he wants from me.
Now, another interesting happened and I’m not sure what to make of it:
The Sentinel protected me. When the Trueblood tried to Scry me, I felt my face go numb, and my mouth and tongue began shuddering on their own.
Then the Sentinel stepped in and somehow, I was in control again. I felt it take control of the spell. I felt it stop the Trueblood like an elephant stops traffic.
When he said he knew I’d been sick, I almost killed him… and I think the Sentinel would have helped me.
It let us speak, and when we were done, it broke the connection.
I should be touched; an ancient demon cares for my well-being. 
Why couldn’t I sense his Sentinel? Shouldn’t it have protected him from mine, as mine protected me from him?
But why does mine care? What do you want, demon?
Addendum: He said I speak as if I were in a book so I just went back over everything I’ve ever written, and I’ve come to a rather depressing conclusion: I have most unimaginative writing style. I wouldn’t read it. I don’t want anyone else to ever read it because I’d be so embarrassed I’d die. I’d burn everything I’ve written so far, but that would be horribly depressing. 
There’s only one thing to do… one day, I’m going to have to go back and revise everything. That’s a promise.



CHAPTER 17
A Long Overdue Meeting
The Gurukul Caverns were carved into a woody and steep hillside. At places, where the slopes were less steep, trails tracked up the hills, coursed through shady woods, to reach slender stone watchtowers. The tower tops were always occupied during sunrise and sunset – the view was tremendous.
Almost no one visited them otherwise, though.
Gregory sprinted up one of these trails, enjoying the burn in his legs.
He was exultant. 
His feet pounded up the sun-dappled paths, harder and faster, until his chest ached and his legs screamed. They screamed some more when he reached a watchtower, and climbed it three steps at a time. It held off the flood of thought that he knew was coming.
Reaching the top, he collapsed on the viewpoint’s floor. It was a broad room. The sky was clear and blue, like the breeze. The stone was cool beneath his back, shaded by a stone umbrella that revolved with the sun.
Water bubbled up gently in a basin fountain at the umbrella’s base. He rose, took a deep draught of the water, and washed his heated skin in it. It was quiet here. He could finally think.
It was Monday, the afternoon after the Scrying. In six days, he would be knighted Hero of Domremy. There would be practice sessions, and elaborate dress rehearsals – all stupid wastes of time. It did not matter. Two more important matters fought for his attention.
What had he learned from Lesley Greene?
She had fallen sick just as he had, though she wouldn’t say of what. She had been surprised he had fallen sick at all. She had recognised his dreams. She believed he ought not speak of his dreams. She believed there were others who knew of these dreams… people who could make things ‘hairy’ for him.
She wanted him to remain safe; as if there was a good chance he’d find that difficult to do. She believed that he was unprepared to know the truth of his illness. 
Gregory shivered. It wasn’t a nice thought – that his ignorance was healthier for him than his knowing. It went against the habit of his thinking – that knowing was better than not knowing, no matter what. Sometimes though, knowing, and not being able to do anything about whatever it is that you knew, could hurt you. Thoughts could eat you up from inside. 
Somehow, she was confident that there would be no war.
And she thought she might meet him, soon.
Gregory shuddered.
What had that presence been? It had felt more solid, more massive, than even the ground beneath his feet. He dreaded facing it again. That couldn’t be how other minds felt. Were you even supposed to feel a mind during a Scrying? Could any book possibly answer that question? 
Lesley Greene, he decided, probably knew what she was talking about. 
Besides, there was someone else he could ask. 
At last, Gregory let his thoughts to turn to the Funny Man. 
The man who had probably tipped Uncle Quincy off that Gregory was at the orphanage. The man who had gifted him a book on magical botany, and likely watched over him for years. The man who was likely the one to leave Gregory at Pencier in the middle of a rainy night. The man who likely knew everything about Gregory’s unremembered life.
The man who was likely Gregory’s father.
The man, who, as it turned out, was standing at the top of the stairs, watching Gregory.
He really is tall, Gregory thought absently.
Vincent Grey was dressed simply and drably. Gregory’s mana pulsed: the gypsy was casting spells silently.
‘There,’ Vincent said quietly. ‘We shan’t be disturbed now, and none will hear us.’
Gregory asked the most important question. ‘Where’s mother?’ 
‘She’s not alright,’ Gregory’s stomach iced up, then relaxed when the Vincent went on, ‘but she’s unharmed. More than that, I cannot say, and you would not comprehend. There are too many things you’d need to know first.’
‘Where have you been?’ Gregory was impressed at how level his voice was. 
‘There’s a war. I’m fighting it, as is Vera.’
‘Seven years is a long time for a war in these parts. You’d think someone would have heard about it by now.’
‘Seven years is how long I’ve been fighting. The war itself has been going on for much, much longer. But it’s true that most haven’t heard of it.’
‘So what are you fighting?’
Vincent frowned and looked down. ‘I truly wish I could tell you, but I can’t.’
‘You can’t?’ 
‘No.’
‘You can’t not tell me,’ Gregory said loudly. ‘I’ve looked for you… I waited years… and you’ve always been there…always watching…’
For a moment his voice failed him… he was choked with rage… all the tension of the last month coiling, wanting to lash out at the man who’d played with his life… he was overdue a few tantrums …
 He ground his teeth, summoning every reserve of self-control he had. ‘I deserve to know! Tell me!’
‘I will.’ 
The bitter vehemence in the words tripped Gregory’s anger up. Vincent’s face was twisted and pale, his eyes dark. He looked at Gregory with a painful longing… or perhaps it was regret…
‘I will tell you everything…I promise. It’s actually time you knew… you need to know…as much as I wish… your mother wishes, that you didn’t…’
‘When?’
‘Some of it, I’ll tell you now… other things must wait – there are things I have to do… I must be with you in the times after you’ve heard the whole story. Still, ask your questions. I may answer some of them.’
Gregory bit back his acid. It’s not a no, he told himself. It’s the same thing Lesley said… you can wait… you must wait…
‘Have you been with the gypsies all this while?’
‘Not all the time, but a lot of it. I’ve had to go many places, and travelling with gypsies is convenient. And there are other reasons their company is useful.’
‘Did you drop me off at Pencier?’
‘Your mother and I both did.’
‘Why?’
‘You were sick… we couldn’t care for you, not with everything else.’
‘Did you tell Uncle Quincy I was at the orphanage? And did you intercept the letter telling of my arrival there?’
‘Yes.’
‘Why there?’
‘Your mother knew the director… a good and kind man. We knew you’d be safe there.’
‘You knew I was sick. You know what made me sick.’
‘Yes. It did not harm you. If anything, I suspect it might have strengthened you.’
‘Strengthened me… how?
‘I suspect it affected your magic, based on whatever I could diagnose of your illness at the time.’
‘Then you got it wrong,’ said Gregory, suddenly vicious. ‘I suck at magic most of the time!’ 
‘What do you mean, suck?’
‘My mana extensions are the slowest in class… and drunks have better thaumic control than I do… they didn’t get better until only two days ago.’
Vincent frowned. ‘It’s not uncommon to face problems in your initial months – mages are not born equal. Besides, from what I could diagnose of you from when you were ill, your magic is uncommonly strong… it sustained you through the fever. Indeed, that ordeal might have made it stronger.’
‘That’s nice. So my magic isn’t going to see-saw in power?’
‘It shouldn’t. But if you want to fortify yourself… make meditations your priority; classroom techniques are for beginners – look up advanced mana extensions… the Headmistress should help.’
There was a bit of a silence. Gregory’s brain stuttered – discussing academics hadn’t been on the list of things he’d intended to go over with his father. He tried to focus.
If the fever made my magic strong, Gregory thought, then did it make Lesley’s stronger too? Also, did Vincent know about Lesley? 
‘Do people fall sick like that all the time? No hair. A fever that should have killed me – how have I never heard of it before?’
‘No, they do not. If I could make it so, I’d rather you had never heard of it.’ There was that bitterness again.
So, that was a no on Lesley Greene then. Knowing something that his father didn’t, and keeping it from him, even if for a while, felt ridiculously good. 
Also, something didn’t ring right, though he couldn’t quite say what it was…
Anyway… questions! He had questions that needed answering.
‘Why did you leave me at orphanage for all this while? You did know I’d been cured… why not have Uncle Quincy pick me up earlier?’
‘We meant to. We hadn’t planned on leaving you for long at all… but circumstances kept us away for a year. Our perceived deaths have been a great asset to us in some ways. When we returned, we learned that you had lost all memory of us. Our lives were becoming harsher… we reasoned that you would have trouble adjusting … you were better off, and safer, at the orphanage. As for leaving you with your Uncle, we considered it. But when Quincy lost his own wife… family or not, we didn’t want to leave you with a grief-stricken man. We decided that it would be least disruptive for you if you were transferred to Uncle Quincy just before your magical education was due to begin.’
Vincent Grey, long-absentee father, was being ridiculously reasonable. Gregory wanted to rage, but he was being given nothing to rage at.
Fine then, if he couldn’t lose his temper, he’d have to settle for blowing his father’s mind.
‘Did I catch my fever at Brightapple or after?’ Gregory asked.
Some part of him felt viciously satisfied when Vincent Grey’s jaw dropped.
‘How do you – you remember?’
‘No. At Brightapple or after? Whatever it was that razed the village, did it make me sick too?’
‘No,’ Vincent Grey said slowly, ‘the doom of Brightapple did not cause your illness. But yes, that’s where you caught it.’
‘It wasn’t bandits, was it?’
‘No. Brightapple was burned by terrorists, though terror wasn’t their aim.’
‘Why then?’
‘Murder.’
‘Whose?’
‘I cannot say now, but I can say it succeeded, despite my best efforts at trying to prevent it.’
Gregory shivered. Before he could ask something else though, Vincent spoke:
‘Gregory, I must know. How did you find out about me? About Brightapple? My curiosity isn’t idle. I must know the methods by which me and your mother could be hunted down.’
Again, there was an impulse to enjoy keeping Vincent in the dark, but the older man had been forthcoming so far, and Gregory wanted to encourage that.
‘The best way to know how something is going to behave in the future is to look at how it behaved in the past. You and mother had been travelling with gypsies before you disappeared. If you still lived, I assumed you could be doing the same now. So I charted out gypsies routes… especially those tribes who’d been travelling close to Domremy right around the time I’d arrived at the orphanage… I looked into the newspapers for incidents close to their locations – one of those places was Brightapple. I knew I’d heard the name somewhere before, and I had – the dedication in the book on Magical Bestiary and Botany that you gave me.’
Vincent Grey looked stunned. His jaw hadn’t quite made its way back to his face yet. ‘Very, very clever, Gregory. Your mother would be proud. I couldn’t have ever thought of that.’
‘Thank you.’ Something inside Gregory sang powerfully at the praise… as if it had waited forever to sing.
‘How long has she been… not all right?’ Gregory asked.
‘The quake. She was in the middle of a ritual when the Voidmark hit… the spectre was very powerful – she killed it, but not before it seriously hurt her. She is recovering, but it will take time. She did hear about what you did though – she’s very proud… it’s one of the few times I’ve seen her cry.’
Gregory swallowed. He was finding it very hard to hold on to his anger. A small part of him noted that Vincent could be deliberately manipulating him, softening his temperament by playing to a child’s need to please its parents.
It was working, too.
Vincent continued after a moment. ‘You accepted your nomination.’
‘Yeah.’
Mango had ambushed him when he’d reached the Caverns that morning, Zach and Susannah right behind her. The four of them had jumped up and down, hands linked, in a strange sort of war dance, as the rest of the students had looked on amusedly. He and Johanna had danced their own version in Gregory’s room, when his cousin had come screaming in that morning, newspaper in hand.
He and Mango had their backs clapped and their hands shaken until they lost some feeling in those parts. The Headmistress had put on her Queen hat for a moment to formally congratulate and thank them. She’d further quietly commended Gregory about his improved thaumic command. Right after classes, seniors that Gregory had never exchanged hellos with, or even seen, had lifted him and Mango onto their shoulders, and jogged a circuit around the Caverns. 
A giddy feeling of things spiralling wildly out of control had struck Gregory then, and abruptly, he’d weaselled his way out of the crowd and sprinted up the wooded hills, to the viewpoint, to clear his head.
‘It’s quite a privilege,’ Vincent said.	
‘I was never going to refuse it.’
There was another short silence, and then Vincent Grey asked:
‘Gregory, if I may, I’m very curious about who it was exactly that you needed to Scry?’
‘Me first. The Scrying last night… did it go as Scryings are supposed to? What did you see?’ 
Vincent shook his head. ‘I’ve seen Scryings gone wrong, but never like that. You made no sound, just convulsed on the ground and then were still. I didn’t dare step into the circle… and when I cast a diagnostic charm on your magic, I found only the barest traces – as if your Will had escaped your body. I was afraid your mind had been broken.’
For all that Vincent controlled his voice, Gregory thought he detected a great tension in his father’s voice.
‘But you’re lucid now, and that’s all I care about,’ Vincent said. ‘Will you tell me about the Scrying?’
And Gregory would have told him everything. There was a roar in his mind, a rush in his ears, an intense pounding in his heart – that here stood his father… he wanted desperately to connect to him, to tell him about Lesley Greene, and Mango, and Zach, and Susannah… about Astrid and his first kiss… and the books he’d shared with Johanna… and how lonely Uncle Quincy was. He wanted to tell him of all the little crimes he’d committed with Alf and Reggie and Mixer…
Gregory would have told him everything but for that little nagging in his head, something that said this whole picture was wrong, to not trust it, to wait…
So he said, ‘I was trying to Scry a girl who I thought had the same fever I did. You’ve heard of the Blood Census?’
Vincent nodded.
‘I was there at the inauguration ceremony,’ Gregory said. ‘There, I heard that someone in the blood census had fallen ill, and that they’d had a fever, not as high as mine… but high enough that they should have died. I thought she might have fallen sick the way I had, so I stole her frond to see if I could Scry her…’
Gregory shrugged. 
‘…it didn’t work out. I did manage to speak to her, but the fever had scrambled her brain somehow. She wasn’t very coherent.’
‘She must have been very strong to begin with if she actually lived through such a fever,’ Vincent said.
‘I suppose,’ Gregory replied. ‘Though it wasn’t a complete waste of time, seeing how I figured out who you were.’ 
‘Is there anything else that you wanted to ask me?’
‘Yes… hold on a second.’ 
Gregory rummaged inside his bag and pulled out the missing person bulletin that he’d found in the newspaper. He held it out to Vincent. ‘Do you recognise this?’
Vincent shook his head, and took the paper.
‘I doubt you were the one who posted this out… do you know who might have?’
But Vincent looked bewildered. ‘An advertisement for body odour management?’
‘Huh?’
‘I assure you I’ve never solicited customers for any kind of perfume in all my days with the gypsies,’ Vincent said drily.
‘What?’ 
Gregory strode over to his father. Had he handed over the wrong advertisement? But no – his own younger face stared back out of the advertisement at him. 
‘What advertisement? I’m talking about this!’ he said, jabbing his finger down onto the picture.
‘A call to people to buy Scenellis? That’s an advertisement, sure enough.’
‘You don’t see the picture?’ Gregory asked, bewildered in turn. 
‘A picture?’ 
Vincent’s eyes suddenly gleamed with interest. He muttered something funny, and Gregory’s mana chimed faintly. 
‘There’s a charm on this paper. Whatever it is you are seeing… it’s wasn’t meant for my eyes. What is it that you see?’
‘A missing poster with a sketch drawing of me from about six years ago. It says I disappeared at Brightapple and calls for anyone with any information of me to contact the address at the bottom.’
‘And you found it in the newspaper?’ Vincent looked very alarmed.
‘Yes.’
‘Have you made any contact with that address?’ Vincent asked sharply.
‘No! I’m not crazy!’
Vincent performed a series of quick spells and charms, and swore. ‘This is a very complex charm – a cognitively invasive one – that is, it reads your mind without your permission. I’ve never seen one this powerful!’
‘What does it do?’ Gregory asked, instantly worried. There were no good mind invasion stories, only horror stories. 
 ‘As best as I can make out, its primary purpose is to find you. It’s a beautiful bit of rune work actually.’
‘How does it work?’
Vincent cast some spell and maintained it, his face become paler by the second, and somehow, also darker. When he spoke, his voice was cold.
‘As soon as you open the page, the charm first flashes your picture a few times – very quickly and briefly – so you don’t even realise you’ve seen it… it checks to see if you subconsciously recognise the picture. If you don’t, it shows the advertisement… but even if you do recognise it, it doesn’t immediately show you the poster… there are conditions built in…
‘There’s two kinds of people who may recognise you: those who know you… and those who don’t know you personally, but have seen you around… and the poster is meant only for the second kind of person. If the first kind of person – such as your Uncle or I – see it… we’d wonder who was putting out missing person posters for you when it’s none of their business. 
‘The second kind of person would see the poster, and rush off to collect the reward. The spell, upon noting that they do recognise you, manifests the poster and presents the address.
‘That’s not all… there’s a feedback system built into this. The advertisement is designed to look into people’s heads, and if it finds that they’ve realised that they know you, the charm sends an alert to whoever it is that’s looking for you… there’s probably a receiving device on their end.’ 
It took less than a second for Gregory to understand. 
‘It checked my mind! They know where I am!’
‘Very likely,’ Vincent Grey said grimly. ‘That alert went out as soon as you touched and saw the poster.’
A thought struck Gregory.
‘Wait… if the spell could just check if they recognised me – and that’s enough to send out the alert – why bother to manifest the missing poster at all?’
Vincent frowned for a moment, and then his face cleared. 
‘They must have been factoring for time. Spells aren’t active forever after all. Their power fades unless renewed… still, this was meant to find you in the initial days after Brightapple… I suppose we were lucky that no one identified you. But then, you did look a lot different.
‘Also, it’s unlikely that the alert receiving device has been active for this long – unless someone has been recharging it constantly for the past seven years.’
Gregory shuddered… if someone had been waiting all these years, chances were he would have been picked up already.
Another thought struck.
‘Wait, wait. Hang on – don’t I fall into the first category of people too? I mean, I do know exactly who I am. I DID wonder to myself who and why someone who had no business putting out a notice of me… put out a notice of me.’
‘True,’ Vincent said, frowning. ‘They might have made a mistake in writing the spell.’
A mistake that specific? So specific that it singled out the very person that the charm was looking for? Defining two types of groups wasn’t hard. Drawing in a third group of people, one that included Gregory, was too specific to not have been purposeful…
‘It might not have been a mistake. Maybe they were hoping I would contact them,’ Gregory said.
‘Really?’ Vincent sounded sceptical. ‘It’s makes more sense that they’d expect you to be too suspicious to contact them… though I must admit, I can’t find either the mistake or any command in the spell that says you ought to be able to see the poster. Unless…’
But Vincent didn’t explain.
If there was no error in the spell…and there had been no command in it specific to Gregory either… then that suggested an ‘external factor’ had enabled him to see the poster…
The most obvious candidate for that ‘external factor’ was… the cause behind Gregory’s fever and memory loss?
Gregory grit his teeth in frustration.
Why was anyone looking for him? Whoever it was, they knew him only from Brightapple, and not before or after. What did Gregory have that they wanted? How much did Vincent know?
Vincent though, was looking at once grim and eager. A soldier, he had said… but what kind? Not the kind, Gregory thought, that charges into a full-scale battle. He was suddenly glad that Vincent hadn’t told him everything at once… there might be stuff he really wasn’t ready to know…
‘I’ll scout the address out. Will you tell me where it is?’
‘Will you tell me what you find there?’
Vincent seemed to think it over. ‘I will.’
‘What? Really?’
Vincent nodded.
Gregory read the address out to him, and Vincent pocketed the charmed poster, saying, ‘It may act as some sort of key. Also, we need to take certain precautions.’
‘Precautions?’
‘Yes. There’s a chance, however slight, that someone knows where you are now, even though I’m keeping the poster. Do not be alone, at any time, when you’re out. Finally… will you allow me to put a tracer charm on you? It’s of my own devising, and so will escape most kinds of detection,’ Vincent said.
Gregory nodded, and immediately felt something hot-cold link to his thauma.
‘Thank you,’ Vincent said. ‘That gives me some peace of mind. I have something to give you too.’
‘What is it?’
Vincent held out a key. ‘Oakroot Hamlet, The Mushroom. That key will let you in. I will know that you are there, and will come.  Tell no one about it. Let none see it.’
‘I won’t,’ Gregory said, and put the key away.
‘Is there anything else you wished to know?’
‘Not right now.’
‘Then I’ll leave you,’ Vincent said, getting up. ‘I wished we had time to speak, but I must look into the mystery of this poster as soon as I can. I expect I shall return by Friday.’
And then Gregory was alone on top of the watchtower, every trace of his earlier exultation vanished.
That had not gone how he had thought it would… how it should have gone… at all.



CHAPTER 17.1
Letter from Director Lawrence
Gregory Grey,
c/o Commander of the Throne’s Watch, Magus Quincy Appleby
The Apple, High Town, The West Wing,
Domremy City

August 14th 1909.
Dear Gregory,
I highly doubt that Michel will tell you, so I must take that unhappy responsibility.
A few days ago, Michel must have fought with someone. I use the word ‘fought’ loosely considering Michel’s condition, but the altercation resulted in the breaking of his nose, and of his instrument.
I had advised our young friend to not advertise his good fortune, lest he stir petty jealousies, but to be fair to him, that instrument was his only source of joy. He won’t say who did it, and I won’t make him. But since he’s too embarrassed to ask you for another, I hope you don’t mind that I ask on his behalf.
Will you be kind again Gregory, and send him another instrument? I will blood it for him.
I’d tell you again how proud we all are, but words would fall short. The honour and respect you’ve brought to the orphanage, and to the village, is beyond anything we could have hoped and dreamed of. 
The village has recovered almost entirely from the effects of the quake. To see the people now, it might never have happened at all. We have a mayor now, a smart woman – she’s been spurring people to pretty up the place, saying that if you were ever to come back, then the hospitality they could offer must be the best non-mages can accomplish.
And that’s not all the use your name is being put to. 
There’s talk of building a brand new hospice – the sort that Healer Caius has been haggling for all these years. It’s going to be constructed in your name. The story of you healing that young lady has captured the imaginations of everyone here quite powerfully, and the mayor has been whipping up that image for all it’s worth. 
I ought to mention that she’s quite eager to meet you. I also ought to warn you that she wants to work Pencier over thoroughly and that she believes you are one of her foremost assets in making that happen. 
Deepest Regards,
Director Laurie
CHAPTER 18
A Home That Wasn't
Later, on the same Monday afternoon that Gregory met Vincent Grey for the first time in his memory, a sharp crack resounded through Gregory’s room.
Thwak!
Johanna jumped in alarm from the book she’d been absorbed in and looked up at Gregory. Her cousin had struck his desk hard enough to send papers flying and an inkbottle spilling. He looked thunderous, jaws clenched, lips thin, and nostrils flaring. He caught her looking at him.
‘Wanna get out? I’ve got to visit Coffer Street.’
‘Not if you’re going to behave as crabby as you look right now,’ Johanna warned.
‘I’ll be fun… enough,’ Gregory said with a grim smile. ‘Come on, I’ll treat you to something nice.’
‘Are you alright?’
‘Oh, I’m going to be…’
‘Alright, then.’
Minutes later, they shot out of the Slide’s Coffer Street exit. Gregory walked fast, and Johanna had to run to keep up. They reached the green-marble, triangular and tiered building where all of Domremy city bought its instruments.
As ever, the two proprietors of the shop were obscured behind their newspaper, with two streams of smoke rising from where their heads must be.
‘Mr and Ms. Toohey, I’d like to purchase a knife – show me the finest ones you have.’
Two wispy haired heads emerged from either side of the paper and nodded. Minutes later, a collection of highly unfriendly looking blades lay spread out over black velvet.
‘What do you say, Jo?’
Her hand began to reach for a pretty if cruel-looking keris of silver, when she saw it – a blade she’d almost missed on the dark cloth because of its obsidian black colour – a kukri, about eighteen inches long, spine gently angled, blade notched at the base, butt flaring at the bottom.
She handed it to Gregory, who whipped around and slashed the air with it.
‘It’s perfect, Jo. My friend’s going to love it.’ He turned to the Tooheys. ‘Please beef it up in every way you know how.’
When they were outside again, Johanna was struck by how unusually quiet Coffer Street was. 
‘Where is everybody?’
‘At the Peoplesmeet, I suppose,’ Gregory said. ‘Want to drop in?’
‘Nah. I want an éclair.’
They found a patisserie in the centre of a bridge over Fate. A kindly old man prepped Johanna’s éclair and brought it to their table, which had a lovely view downriver. Johanna tucked into her éclair; Gregory fidgeted with the package containing the unblooded instrument.
‘Ok, have a bite!’
‘I’m good.’
‘Either have a bite or stop looking like a sour-puss,’ Johanna snapped, thrusting the éclair out at his face. ‘I told you I wouldn’t have you moping about like this.’
Gregory chuckled, leaned forward and sank his teeth into the éclair. It was terribly satisfying.
‘Better?’
‘Some.’
‘Good. Why are you so foul?’
‘A friend of mine was an idiot... it got him hurt.’
‘He broke his instrument? That’s why you bought him another one?’
‘He didn’t break his instrument…someone saw Mixer had one, and he didn’t – so he broke Mixer’s instrument… and then he broke Mixer’s nose. Mixer won’t say who it was, but I bet it was Joshua.’
‘That’s horrible!’ Johanna looked appalled.
‘If I get my hands on whoever did it,’ – Gregory mimed punching someone – ‘there are consequences for messing with someone’s instrument.’
‘Why do you keep buying…Mixer… instruments, though? Maybe he wants something else?’
‘Do you want anything more than you want your own instrument?’
‘No, but I’m not old enough. Mixer must be fourteen already, isn’t that right? Why can’t he just use his own?’
Gregory looked at Johanna incredulously. ‘You’re kidding, right?’
‘What?’
‘Mixer doesn’t have… he can’t have any instrument other than the one I give to him!’
‘What! Why not?’
‘Coz it’s an expensive bloody thing, isn’t it?’
‘It’s only seven Caesar!’
‘Only seven…’ Gregory paused, seeing complete bewilderment on Johanna’s face. 
She has no idea, he realised with not a little awe. She has no idea, just like I had no idea until the Bobbin and the Director sat me down and told me all about it…
‘Do you have any idea what seven Caesar means? Outside the city… in the country? Actually wait… tell me this – do you think we’re rich? You and me, that is, and your father. Do you think we’re rich?’
‘We’re alright,’ Johanna said cautiously.
‘Who do you think is poorer than you?’
‘Uh… the people in Lotown? I know they can’t send their kids to the Caverns… so they homeschool.’
‘Right, right. But at least they’ve got enough money to buy instruments right? And runestuffs? And the books to learn magic from – they’ve got all that, right?’
‘Sure…’
‘Outside the city, Jo, no one’s got even that. No one’s got enough money to buy their own instrument. Seven Caesars… that’s just a little less than what Mrs. Moser – that’s the innkeeper back in Pencier – than what Mrs. Moser makes in a year. And Mrs. Moser is one of the rich ones in Pencier. Most people don’t even make half of that.’
‘What! That’s impossible. How do they even eat?’
‘Jo… the kind of breakfast we have every day… at the orphanage, we’d be lucky if we got food like that for someone’s birthday! The cake’s about the only nice thing there is. We eat cheap, that’s how we eat… also, food’s a lot more expensive here than there.’
‘Where do people get their instruments from, then?’
‘You’re not getting it – they don’t get instruments! There’s two thousand people in Pencier (before the Voidmark, at least), and only about a dozen of them have real, full-fledged instruments.’
‘Then how does anyone get any magic done?’
‘They don’t! You remember the Voidmark? – and how everyone lost their minds when magic wouldn’t work? That’s what it’s like outside the city! All the time! Most of us outside… don’t. Do. Magic. We can’t afford it! We don’t have the money to buy instruments. We don’t have the money to buy books! We don’t have the money to buy runestuffs! And we definitely don’t have the money to buy lessons of any kind!’
Johanna’s eyes stared in wide horror, éclair frozen for a long moment on the way to her mouth, so Gregory went on, getting more agitated with every sentence.
‘Imagine you saw all the kids around you getting instruments, but you were told that you couldn’t ever have one of your own – it’d make you feel sick, wouldn’t it? That’s what it’s like for us when we think about mages – sick! We hate that you can do magic and we can’t, and most of us just hate most of you in principle! We hate that you call us Mundane! We make fun of the way you dress and act, because that’s all we’ve got. It’s all we can do!
‘I’m angry because Mixer knew this and still went around waving his new toy – like an absolute idiot. Someone who didn’t have, saw someone who did have, and took their anger out on Mixer… well, he’ll know better now.’
‘That’s horrible,’ Johanna said, shaken and upset. ‘That’s the worst thing I’ve ever heard… I didn’t know…’
‘It’s not your fault,’ Gregory said quickly, ‘I once thought I’d never get to be a mage… so I asked some grown-ups why…  almost no one in Pencier did magic, when they obviously wanted to – and this is what they told me…’
And he told her more, including about the Incident With The Bobbin’s Staff.
‘… it’s the worst thing I’ve ever done… and if I was still in Pencier – I’d do it all over again! Being a mage in Pencier makes you one of the most important persons in the whole village – everyone looks up to you, comes to you with their problems.’
‘Wow,’ Johanna said, obviously overwhelmed.
‘Look, I’m sorry – I shouldn’t have dropped it all on you like this… but you’ve got to know! And… and it wasn’t just me, y’know – Reggie, Alf and Mixer all wanted to learn magic too – we all wanted to learn it together… and I thought maybe, if I was here… I could get them instruments, write down my lessons and send it to them – I thought we could do it together… it’s why I wanted to come to Domremy… more than anything, it’s why I wanted to…’
And then Gregory was crying, silent shudders shaking him, fists-clenched and nails digging into palms, face-reddening as he tried to hold the sobs back, but he couldn’t, and all at once, there was release – his shame at his magical mediocrity… his frustration at having met Vincent and nothing changing… and above all, his grief at losing Reggie and Alf, his terror at how with every day that passed, there was less of them within him… less in memory, and less in deed… his strain in needing to move on, and feeling too guilty to… every sob dragged a louder, more powerful sob behind it… Gregory covered his face with one hand…
Johanna looked very alarmed. She dragged her seat closer to Gregory, looked around frantically, put her hand on his shoulder, and then his hair; stroking it, quite at a loss for words… Gregory seemed to be mumbling something to himself; she leaned in closer to hear…
‘… not fair… it’s not… it’s not fair…’
‘Then make it fair, silly!’ Johanna said without thinking… she couldn’t think of anything else to say.
‘What?’
‘Make it fair…’
And then, she knew exactly what to say.
‘… yes, make it fair! You’ve got a boon, you idiot! Make it fair! What are you moping on about?’
‘I’ve got a boon…?’
‘Yes, for the thousandth time, you’ve got a boon! You’ve got three, actually! You’re about to become Hero – there’s almost nothing you can’t get done! – so stop sobbing and do something!’
Gregory looked stunned, as if she had hit him in the face with a running train… no, a mountain… no, a running mountain…
‘Jo… you crazy genius, you angel, you… we gotta get back home! I need my diary!’
And when they were home, Gregory wrote long and frantically for many hours. If someone had been close enough, they would have actually seen his pupils become tiny pinholes as idea after idea flared through his mind, down his arm and out of his quill, pages piling up in an untidy mess all around him. He refused to come out for dinner, and when Uncle Quincy wanted to go investigate why, Johanna put her hand on his, and shook her head. So they ate, and left him to his madness.
The next morning found Gregory slumped over his table, face pressed to the diary, and stiff.  For a moment, he couldn’t remember why he was so tired, but when he remembered he leapt up with more energy than even last night. He scarfed down some breakfast without tasting it, and rushed out to the Caverns without bathing or changing his robes from yesterday, diary in hand. 
He whooshed out of the slide at Bezyl (a town on the opposite bank of Little Finger from the Caverns), sprinted out, caught the closest carpet, and shot off across the lake. The carpet hadn’t even landed properly before he was leaping off, sprinting up the gates past startled seniors, to the Dome, up the spiralling stairs, up the tower, and knocking sharply on the door, which swung open at once.
The Headmistress looked up in astonishment. ‘Gregory. Do come in. To what do I owe this unexpected pleasure? And why do you have -’
Gregory strode into the room, his excitement causing nearly all of his hair to stand on end.
‘I know my boon!’ he barked breathlessly.
The Headmistress looked nonplussed. ‘Your… boon?’
‘Yes! I know what it is,’ he said, and began to speak. 
He spoke quickly, like the words couldn’t come out fast enough. Alf would have been proud. Sometimes, the Headmistress who was Queen looked like she wanted to ask something, but there was no getting an edge in between Gregory’s words. He had his diary in his hand, and he wouldn’t pause even when he glanced down at his notes. The Headmistress’ expression went from bemused, to intrigued, to thoughtful, as she listened to him, nodding along at times.
When Gregory finally ran out of words, his mouth kept on opening and closing for a moment.
‘Is that all of it?’ the Headmistress asked warily.
Gregory searched in his head. ‘…Yes.’
‘I’ve wanted to ask something, if I may.’
‘Yes?’
‘Do you know you’ve got ink all over the side of your face?’
‘What?’
She pointed, lips twitching. ‘Ink. Face. Black.’
He touched his cheek, and his fingers came away smudged and dirty. It must have come from his diary, when he’d slept on it. Exhaustion and embarrassment overcame him at once. He blushed as deeply as he’d ever blushed in his life.
And only then did he truly realise where he was, and how he hadn’t bathed, and how his yesterday’s clothes were rumpled and scruffy, and how he’d actually barged into the Queen’s office without an appointment, and he practically trembled with embarrassment.
The Queen took pity on him. ‘Why don’t you head on over to the showers, and I’ll see if I can’t get someone to arrange a fresh uniform for you to wear. And then, when you’re a little more presentable, we can go meet the King.’
Gregory’s eyes widened. ‘You think it’s a good idea?’
‘I think it’s the finest boon that’s been asked in the last hundred years, and I’m willing to wager the King will think so too. Go, Gregory. We’ll excuse your classes, and I’ll teach you in private when I can. Let’s talk about your boon.’
They did more than talk. The next few days passed in a blur for Gregory. Every minute that he wasn’t studying, he was ensconced with the King and Queen, and a panel of their closest advisors. This panel was made up of lawmakers and philosophers, moralists and scholars of every kind, anthropologists and scientists – all of them the undisputed leaders of their fields – and he was terrified that he’d never remember all their names and that’s why it would all fall apart. 
It was all a little bit overwhelming; especially the parts when he would speak, and they would listen. He felt like a child gone mad; there were grown-ups, like the Bobbin and Uncle Quincy; and then there were the so grown up that they couldn’t possibly ever have been children. They spoke to him as an equal! He couldn’t understand why they were taking him so seriously. Every so often, he expected someone to start laughing, saying it was a big joke.
The thought of his boon kept him sane, though, and he went on speaking when they asked him to.
He told no one else what he was doing. The Queen and King had insisted on strict secrecy from everyone. It made the whole thing all that much more exciting and mysterious. Mango, Susannah and Zach were stupefied with the regularity with which he missed classes. Being cryptic was turning out to be a wonderfully fun way to be.
‘You’re just being rotten now,’ Mango huffed at him, after Gregory had skived off lessons for the third day in a row.
‘It’s too important to just gossip about,’ Gregory said pompously. ‘The Queen and King don’t want people blabbing away…’
He’d been forbidden from telling even Uncle Quincy, though the older man had been told it was all about Gregory’s boon. ‘How many of  these mysterious little shut-ins with the King and Queen will you continue to have?’ he asked over Wednesday morning’s breakfast
‘A few more up to the boon – they’re trying to make sure everything’s ready for Sunday’s ceremony… and maybe some more after,’ Gregory said, happily biting into his buttered toast. 
‘I have to admit, I’m almost deathly curious about what your boon could possibly be. I can’t remember the last time a boon was favoured with this much interest. Some word of it is starting to circulate about the offices, so don’t be surprised if you see some speculations in the newspaper.’
‘Right,’ said Gregory, who had absolutely no time to read newspapers. Almost every hour that he was not cooped up with discussions on his boon, he was ensconced with the humourless Mr. Fester, the man designated with the task of making sure that Gregory would not embarrass himself or the Throne in any conceivable manner at the ceremony. Dress, etiquette, procedure – Gregory would master them all even if Mr. Fester’s face froze into a permanent hard stare in the attempt.
 ‘You’ll have to learn to waltz too,’ drily said the man dressed in immaculate black. ‘Thankfully, the ceremony is to proceed with expedience, so we while the nation shall be spared the inevitable travesty of your performance… those at the ball will have to endure your feet – you are unlikely to learn how to lead, but perhaps you can learn to be led?’
They were beginning to develop quite the healthy dislike for each other.
Johanna found her cousin somewhat extra affectionate that week. Everyday, something or the other found its way into her hand: a pretty trinket, a book; and always, with an accompanying éclair. She lapped up the attention.
On Friday morning, with fewer than seventy-two hours till Gregory and Mango were proclaimed Heroes of Domremy, there were no meetings scheduled, and there was no more skiving off classes. His friends would be smug, Gregory knew, but the week had been worth it. When Uncle Quincy had left for the Peoplesmeet after breakfast, Johanna did ask, ‘You’re doing a lot more than just make sure that your friends get here aren’t you?’
‘Maybe. And I have something for you, by the way.’
‘Again?’ Johanna said with pretended exasperation; she was getting quite used to being spoiled like she had been over the past week.
Gregory rummaged in his bag, found something that clinked against his finger, let it go, and pulled out a exquisite little whistle. She took it, and blew into it, and it chirped ridiculously sweetly. After his delighted cousin had kissed him, and waved him off to the Caverns on the carpet, Gregory looked again into his pouch, and pulled out the piece of metal. 
It was the key to The Mushroom at Oakroot Hamlet – Vincent had given it to him on Monday, in the clearing… and said that he would be there sometime during Friday… today.
The past week had entirely driven the meeting with his father from his head… no, Gregory thought, that wasn’t it. He’d wanted to forget that meeting. Gregory’s first real meeting with his father left him feeling rather melancholy. He couldn’t shake the feeling there was something deeply wrong with picture that his father had painted for him.
Gregory remembered the month between finding out he had a family and coming to Domremy. He remembered the feverish hours he’d spent reading his parent’s collection of tales over and over again. He’d felt connected to the writers who’d penned those fantastic stories. He’d felt no connection to the man he’d met that Monday afternoon. 
There had been no warmth, no feeling of belonging.
Like a broken promise, that’s how it had felt.
Who are you, Vincent Grey? What role have you been playing?
What had happened to his mother? His father seemed to think it was serious but he had not looked overly worried either. He should have asked his father when he might see his mother, he though to himself, cursing.
But he was done putting it out of his mind now. 
After classes, Gregory lied to Zach, Mango and Susannah, saying that he had to meet with Uncle Quincy. A half hour later, he found himself at the address engraved on the key. 
To his surprise, Oakroot Hamlet lay in the valley that The Apple overlooked. The Veil was only a short distance away, its curtain dissipating into misty spray far before it reached the ground. The door of the Mushroom was orange, the only one in a street full of blue doors. The brass key turned easily in the ancient looking lock.
It looked as if someone had been about to move in, but never gotten around to it. The walls were bare. The cushions on the sofas, still springy, bellowed a cloud of dust when he slapped them. The kitchen and washrooms were sterile, unused. A white central spiral staircase climbed up to landing with three doors, each of them leading to a bedroom. The middle-door’s bedroom led into a room decorated for a child, a circular room with the walls painted in midnight blue; stars dotted the walls, as did two white orbs… one of which was directly overhead – with a jerk, Gregory realised it was the Sun, plotted on the ceiling, matching the movements of the star in the sky.
It’s a planisphere, he realised with a pleasant thrill; a star-map, charmed into the very walls of his bedroom. For it was his bedroom; above the half-moon bed, there was a single book, a thin volume labelled Leisl and Oddy.
Whatever Gregory had been expecting, it had not been a home. He sat down on what might have been his bed, and then lay down. He inhaled the scent of the pillow. Smell was supposed to be a powerful trigger of memory. Gregory remembered nothing.
The homeliness of this place felt false, like Vincent’s words in the clearing had felt false. He recalled the conversation wistfully, played over and over again in his mind, searching for nuances he might have miss, and clues he had overlooked, surely there must have been some detail he could cross check somehow… 
Gregory fell asleep. 
An hour passed before he woke, and when he did, he knew his Vincent’s lie… or more accurately, Vincent’s misdirection. He prodded and poked his thoughts for flaws and found none.
Gregory and Lesley Greene had fallen sick in the exact same manner. But while Vincent claimed that the fever had affected both, Gregory’s magic (by way of keeping him alive during the malaise, and becoming stronger for it) and Gregory’s memory (by way of erasing it), Lesley claimed the fever had affected neither of those parts of her. 
Why would the same disease with the same symptoms, affect two people so differently? Any brain fever capable of scrabbling Gregory’s head must have been equally traumatic to Lesley Greene’s brain – brains were made of the same stuff after all. And yet Lesley Greene had said her mind and memory were intact.
Now, while Gregory knew for sure that his memory had been affected during that time, he was less sure that his magic had been similarly affected. After all, grief was a reasonable explanation for magical under-performance and Gregory had improved… and if he had to guess why, he’d go with the Headmistress’s explanation – that he was learning to deal with his grief.
Then why had Vincent been so quick to assume that Gregory’s magic would be strengthened by the illness? It could be argued, Gregory supposed, that perhaps Vincent had prior anecdotal evidence for the illness’s behaviour (perhaps he’d seen someone else struck by the same fever before, and seen their magic strengthen)… but in that case, Lesley’s magic should have been similarly affected… and she said it had not!
And that meant…
One of them, Lesley Greene or Vincent Grey, had probably lied to him.
Who was it?
The nervous, aggressive and demanding girl who’d been so incredulous of his story, and yet nevertheless was more consistent in her ignorance about his loss of memory and magical ability? Or the inscrutable parent who’d been gone so long, claimed to have all the answers, offered very few of them, and was inconsistent in his ideas about Gregory’s condition?
The evidence said Lesley Greene was winning out. It said that his father was a Less Than Trustworthy Source Of Information.
The illness probably had nothing at all to do with Gregory’s magical ability. Which in turn suggested Vincent had some other reason to expect changes in Gregory’s magical ability… and he had blatantly tried to throw Gregory’s suspicion onto the illness instead.
It was just as well, Gregory thought, gritting his teeth, that he hadn’t told his father what Lesley Greene truly meant to him, and that he’d thought to compare Lesley Greene’s statements to his father’s. 
Gregory chewed his lip. There could be a good reason Vincent was lying to him… perhaps they thought he needed protecting from something he wasn’t ready to handle. He would go over his reasoning with a quill and paper later, but it sounded solid. Gregory’s frustration slowly gave way to a cold anger. He’d been looking for answers for too long, and these absurd games were beginning to wear on him. 
‘If things hadn’t turned out the way they did, you would have grown up here.’
Gregory jumped; Vincent stood at the doorway.
Vincent walked around the room, touching little bits of décor, as if they bought back memories.
‘I lived here?’ Gregory asked.
‘Not for long. Perhaps a week at the most. We had just finished building this place, but we never got to move in. These walls have no memories.’
‘There’s a bed in the room next to mine… whose was it?’
‘You were going to have a sister,’ Vincent said. 
‘What was her name?’
‘She would have been Kendra.’
Gregory turned away – if he stared at his father a second longer, he’d probably attack the man – the cold anger quickly turned to hot at his alarm at Vincent’s sudden appearance.
‘Well?’ Gregory asked. ‘Did you find anything out about the address?’
‘The place is very innocuous looking. Too innocuous looking. There are a few cottages, nothing too fancy. The people living there are old. Of the address itself… I tried to get in at night, and failed. I’ve never seen any civilian property put up wards that strong.’
‘Then it’s not a civilian property.’
‘No… though what it is, I could not tell from the outside.’
‘Did anyone say something about who lived there?’
‘I didn’t ask. Too innocuous, remember? It won’t do for your benefactor to hear that someone had come sniffing around.’
Vincent was looking at him contemplatively. 
Gregory frowned. ‘There’s a but, isn’t there?’
‘Yes, but give me a moment to think it through,’ Vincent said. Smiling a little now, he pulled some eats out of his sack. ‘You’ve never had these before. Tuck in.
Good food had a wonderful way of breaking ice. A part of Gregory noted that his father was trying to manipulate him. It was working too; strange though the dishes looked, they smelt incredible. He held on to his anger though – anger could be quite useful when you wanted to keep your guard up.
They chomped away in silence, each lost in his thoughts, sometimes looking at each other, then looking away, returning to the safe silence of the meal. It got darker, and the corners of the house began to glow on their own accord, a soft red light, that combined with the food, almost made Gregory drowsy again. When they were finished, Gregory helped Vincent clear away the mess. 
It felt absurdly normal, and despite everything, it was nice to pretend that things weren’t completely messed up – some part of Gregory hated the thought it might end. However, Vincent sank back down on one of the plushy divans in the living room, and lit up a strange contraption. He puffed into a pipe that extended from the device, and blew out a huge cloud of smoke, sighing deeply.
Silently, he held the pipe to Gregory, who took it, and in imitation of his father, took a lungful, and coughed hard. The smoke left a cool sensation in his lungs. A pleasant light-headedness swept over his mind.
‘You’re a clever fighter – I watched you at the arena,’ Vincent said.
‘Thanks.’
‘A Hero of Domremy should know how to fight. The ceremony of your knighting… it’s in two days, yes?’
Gregory nodded.
‘Sometime after that, duelling lessons will be arranged for you… your friend’s mother will likely instruct you.’
‘Ms. Piper?’
‘That’s right. Have you thought of a boon to ask?’
‘Yeah.’
‘What is it?’
‘You’ll have to wait and see,’ Gregory said, smiling a little.
‘You’ve settled in well? All’s steady at home?’
Gregory snickered. ‘You mean, other than the Voidmark, the whole Hero thing, and finding you? Yes, everything else is steady.’
‘How’s Quincy?’ Vincent asked.
‘Busy. Jo and I don’t see him much… he’s up to his neck with rebuilding Domremy and organising the Peoplesmeet.’
‘And Jo? You get along?’
‘She’s an angel.’
Vincent looked pleased. ‘I haven’t seen her since she was four… she had a thing for muffins.’
‘She still does.’
‘Gets it from her mother – Alice could whip up the meanest muffins you’d ever have. Three-year-old Jo would follow her about… she’d say she ‘twenny’ percent of the whole effort was hers, so she ought to get ‘twenny’ percent of the muffins.’
‘She… it was a fire, I heard.’
‘Spell gone wrong, yes. I wish you could have met her – a tremendous person – and maybe the kindest soul I’ve ever met.’
‘They don’t… well, I haven’t asked, but they don’t talk about her, at home. I don’t think I’ve even seen a portrait of her.’
‘Jo has one – it’s on the locket she wears about her neck. Maybe she’ll show it to you someday.’
‘I suppose.’
Vincent took another deep puff from the device; Gregory copied him. 
‘You’ve made friends?’
And so it went; Vincent prodded Gregory for stories from his life, and Gregory told him everything he could remember – Vincent was probably going to tell it all to Vera later, wherever she was… she’d be eager to hear it all, and maybe it would help her recover. Vincent listened eagerly, his body leaning forward, head cocked to a side, a gentle half-smile on his face. Gregory spoke as he’d wanted to speak at the watchtower – freely. Now that he knew the reason for his earlier hesitation, all he had to do was avoid letting Vincent catch on to the fact that he was aware of Vincent’s attempt at misdirection. For all that still roiled quietly within him, he’d been waiting too long to speak as he spoke now… he’d waited forever for a chance to connect…
Finally, after an hour or so, Vincent’s questions ceased, and he sank back into his couch, his eyes closed.
‘Before you return, would you like to hear about the ‘but’?’ Vincent asked languidly.
‘You’re gonna tell me?’ Despite Vincent’s promise earlier in the week, Gregory had been sceptical that Vincent would be would tell him anything of importance. 
But Vincent nodded. ‘I looked up Schuyler Inc. If it was ever listed, all records of it have vanished. There are no records of an enterprise of that name with any registrar in the nearest five hundred miles. The only thing to do was to check out the address.
‘I examined the wards on that house. There are a few kinds of passes built into them, specific I think, to particular individuals, who most likely come and go as they please. There are other passes, for those who must speak a secret password, and yet others, for those who are bound in particular chains.
‘However, from what I can tell, there’s another specific kind of pass – a very specific one, for just one particular person. So long this person comes, bearing the device that will give them access, they may enter, but they may not leave. The device that will let this unfortunate person in – it seems to carry a particular kind of runecraft signature.’
Gregory wasn’t slow, or stupid. ‘It’s me. That’s what the place is for, isn’t it? It’s a trap for me.’
‘Very clever. And the device?’
‘It’s the newspaper – the poster,’ Gregory said without hesitating. ‘It’s probably got some kind of Runic signature that only activates for me.’
For the first time since they’d met, Vincent looked positively delighted.
Yay, father, you have a smart kid! Gregory thought, and explained:
‘There was a book I read where the hero wanted to capture a villain. Only they went about it in a really long and roundabout way. I thought it was stupid, so I came up with a different way to do it, and it was very like this.’
Vincent actually laughed then, a loud and hearty guffaw. ‘You’re exactly like your mother!’
Gregory felt embarrassed and proud at the same time. He took another long drag of the smoke-thingy. That fresh burst of light-headedness made him grin too, and then he was immediately struck by melancholy. Was this what it would have been like all those years, had Vincent and Vera had not had a war to fight?
Before that thought could affect him, Vincent said, ‘What say you, then?’
‘What?’
‘Well, someone went to great lengths to build you a prison. I think we should go show our appreciation.’
‘You… you want me to come? You want me to get you into the house?’
‘Absolutely.’
‘But you said I wouldn’t be able to get out of there!’
Vincent smiled again, but it wasn’t the nice kind.



CHAPTER 18.1
Lesley's Diary - Culling - August 18, 1909
Stories make spy work seem exciting. 
It’s really, really not. 
In stories, the protagonist just seems to happen upon the right time and the right place, just as critical information is being disseminated/ left out in the open/ discussed. 
Again, a protagonist’s primary superpower is the author’s plotting convenience. 
In real life, you have to turn invisible, sneak into the criminal Headquarters, stick around in a busy looking corridor, until you see an important looking official go through, and then you follow them to their meetings. 
Sometimes, because you don’t know the language or dialect, the meeting is pointless; you’ll wish you hadn’t, but you’re stuck inside a stuffy and smelly room until someone opens the door.
And then back you go into that busy looking corridor, wondering how many really important meetings you may have missed while you were stuck inside. And the whole thing starts anew. 
One day. It takes exactly one day for you to get skull-gougingly bored. 
That’s when you realise you’re going to have to do it again tomorrow, and you almost cry.
But you go. 
And on the third day of dreaming up way to creatively murder people for their insane, mundane and inane conversations, you hit pay-dirt, and it’s all worth it.
I hit the mother of all conspiracies.
Earlier this afternoon, I came out of my umpteenth useless meeting, and saw Cassius come into the Camp offices.  He had company: a man, his face Obscured; his uniform, Imperial. I don’t know who he was, but he was important – a Big Spook.
I followed them into an office – and inside were Linus and Bouche. They weren’t looking too happy. They and Cassius looked downright sick, and it wasn’t from whatever had got the rest of the camp. They looked haunted.
He performed some sort of detection spell… but he couldn’t detect me. Yet another perk of being Demon Queen, I suppose.
I had the pieces of this little conspiracy, and all I really needed now was a story. Today, I heard that story.
Cassius and the other called the Big Spook the Teacher.
The Teacher had recruited Cassius, Linus and Bouche sometime before the Camp was set up. Somehow he convinced them that he hated what Helika was doing to the Reflectives. Somehow he convinced them that he was in touch with the Domremin Throne, and in the employ of the Domremin King. He convinced them that there was a plan… a grand plan, to get the Empire to permanently accede the Falstead region to the Reflectives.
Cassius, Linus and Bouche had lapped it up.
To do this, the Empire would need to be put under international pressure. To generate that international pressure, the abuse of Reflectives must be made public. To make the abuse of Reflectives public, the Teacher, with Domremin backing, would establish the Blood Census. And to make that abuse prominent, the Reflectives must be seen to suffer badly.
People needed to fall sick. For that you needed a disease… or more accurately, a poison that manifests as a disease. Enter the White Death. But the poison needed to be administered. Here, the Teacher tells them that they were going to become agents of the Domremin Throne.
I’ve heard fairy-tales that sounded more real.
With that blessing, Cassius and the others took to poisoning the camp food and supplies. And sure enough, we fell sick.
Only, the riot was not part of their plan.
Today, the Teacher was here to help them mitigate the disaster of the riot… or so they thought. What the poor sods found out instead was that the riot, or something similar, had been the plan all along. 
The Teacher doesn’t want Reflective rights. The Teacher doesn’t care about Reflectives one way or another. What he does care about, is war. 
He told them that the riot could not have gone off better, and that their service to him had been invaluable. It was hard, even knowing what they’d done, to see them crumble. They argued, they negotiated, they begged and they even tried to attack… and at the end, they cried.
They were crying when he told them that next week, when the antidote ran out, there would be a fresh stockpile of it brought in. But not enough. And the poor refugees would riot again, this time amongst each other, and Domremy would have no choice but to declare war on Helika for its ill treatment of Reflectives.
He said he was telling them this because they were owed the truth… the truth of the role they played in his vision.
And then I watched him kill them. I couldn’t have saved them if I’d wanted to… I am not all powerful… and I didn’t want to.
This will be my last diary entry for a while. I don’t how, but I’m going to get us out of here. 
Really, there’s nothing else I can do.



CHAPTER 19
Bonding Over Burglary
Minutes before midnight, only a few hours after Gregory had left the Mushroom and returned to the Apple, he lay in his bed, fully dressed underneath the covers, leg shaking in anticipation.
Precisely at midnight, a butterfly fluttered in through his window and said - ‘Jump out.’
Gregory threw off the covers, rushed to his window and clambered out onto the narrow carpet waiting there in the night sky, hundreds off feet off the ground.
Even Vincent’s normally perfectly controlled expression flickered when he saw his fellow adventurer’s outfit.
Gregory, who had received a number of such powerful items, had decided this was an excellent time to make good use of them. On his hands were the fire-resistant Wolly-leather gloves gifted by the Director; on his feet, the boots to let him jump down from greater heights; an insect-repellent brooch pinned to his collar; a spy-glass strapped onto his belt; the warm-cool switcher cloak around his shoulders; in his pocket, the bronze shielding amulet he had learnt was called an Aegis; and in his jacket, he carried the invaluable Index.
‘What?’ Gregory demanded of Vincent, catching his expression.
‘Nothing. Nothing at all,’ Vincent said with a straight face. ‘I suppose it’s good that you like to be prepared.’
‘Gotta be prepared, no matter what,’ agreed Gregory.
‘Right. Now, on this little night-time adventure of ours, there is a simple rule – you do exactly as I say, when I say it, without hesitation or question. If I say stop breathing, you stop breathing. If I say scream, you scream. If I say stab me, you stab me. If say wet your pants, you wet your…’
‘I got it.’
There was no moon. They passed Little Finger below. Gregory had never flown over its entire length before. A small river, coursing out of a valley, drained into it; they flew up the valley. It was surprisingly dark here; Domremy City usually sparkled in kaleidoscopic colors during the night. He saw lights from tiny carriages moving along the road. Little patches of ground were lit up here and there away from the road, in what Gregory figured were little hamlets. 
They were headed to the address given in the missing persons notice that showed Gregory’s younger face – the offices of the Schuyler Inc. Vincent had said there was no point in waiting; whatever there was to be learned from the place, it was best learned quickly. 
The ride over might have been entirely silent, but for the noise in Gregory’s head, where his brain was telling him he was an idiot, and entirely incapable of making decisions consistent with his own thoughts.
For example, having decided only hours before to not trust Vincent Grey, why, for all that was good and holy on the planet, was he entrusting that very man with his life and safety on a mission into a prison… a prison very likely designed for Gregory himself?
Gregory had wrestled with that question the whole night, his stomach flip-flopping unpleasantly through dinner, torn between a raging desire to go on an adventure with his father and staying safe. He’d finally convinced himself that not trusting Vincent’s words was not the same as not trusting Vincent – after all, whatever his reasons or designs, surely Vincent was (for the moment at least) focused on keeping Gregory safe?
Finally, Gregory had decided he would go with Vincent… with one measure in place – he would leave Uncle Quincy a timed letter on his table, a letter which, once the clock struck seven in the morning and Gregory had not returned to disable it, would flutter its way over to Uncle Quincy at breakfast. Its contents were short:

Dear Uncle,
I found an address that I absolutely must check out right now. It very likely can tell me a lot about mine and my mum and dad’s disappearance. This letter will find you if I’m not back by breakfast, it means someone unfriendly has captured me. This is the address:
Schuyler Inc., Gimmel, Domremy City.
Sorry. I know I’m in trouble,
With love,
Gregory.

It wasn’t enough by far, but it had been enough to let Gregory cajole himself into the adventure.
They arrived. The innocuous little hamlet didn’t even have its own light. Vincent cast a spell, and faded out of sight. Gregory held up his hand to his face – he saw nothing. 
Cool.
The house looked ridiculously commonplace, nothing like what an enemy lair should look like. Vincent prodded and worked gently at its wards – Gregory could barely sense the magic. 
‘Into the spider’s parlour we go. You’re up, Greg,’ Vincent said.
Gregory turned the front door’s handle; it swung open without any obvious ceremony.
There was nothing extraordinary inside the hall, just doors leading into rooms beyond, and many portraits of cats. 
Despite that, Gregory knew from Vincent’s instruction, a Containment Ward had just been activated - it would present no problem to Vincent should they choose to break out. He knew also, that a signal had been sent somewhere that a young boy, mage, and old woman, non-mage, had entered the dwelling.
Vincent blacked out the windows, and then conjured a gentle orb of light that followed them from room to room.
The first door from the hall led to a spotless kitchen.  The second door from the hall led to a living and dining room combo, also spotless. Upstairs, there were bedrooms. The first bedroom was plushy and carpeted. The second bedroom was scant; there was an uncomfortable looking bed, and there was a tall stool under a slender looking table, piled high with what looked like study books.
‘It all looks too… normal,’ whispered Gregory. 
Vincent nodded, and said, ‘It’s been a long time since someone lived here. There’s no dust, but the whole place smells… disused.’ 
Vincent cast charms and enchantments on every room he covered – a trap for a spider, inside the spider’s own lair.
‘You said the poster sent a signal to this house,’ Gregory said. ‘Do you know where?’
‘Well… let’s try something,’ Vincent said, and muttered another spell Gregory couldn’t even begin to make out. ‘Your would-be host has a basement.’ 
They found the trapdoor under the kitchen table. Vincent dissipated the spells that held it shut, and performed a few more checks. ‘Nothing down there wants to kill us, at least as far as I can tell. Shall we?’
The hidden basement was vastly more intriguing. The room was covered in strange white boxes of many shapes; big and squat, tall and slender, flat on the wall, and hanging down from the ceiling in strange harnesses. Every box had runes carved onto it – they were all made of runestone.
‘Your would-be host is a rich man… there’s enough runestone here to fund an army,’ Vincent said. 
‘Can you read the runes?’
‘Some of the individual runes, yes. The runeflows here are unfamiliar to me… I have never seen the like.’
‘I have,’ Gregory said, much to his own surprise, but it was true – the runeflows were definitely familiar. ‘Can’t remember where though…’
‘Have you seen these blocky contraptions elsewhere?’
‘No.’
‘Ah, well. Perhaps it will come to you in time… or we can ask your host when he gets here. Meanwhile, let’s find the receiver that your poster signalled.’
They found it quickly enough: it was a runestone set into the wall. It didn’t respond to Vincent’s spells.
‘Like I thought, it’s been dormant for a while,’ Vincent said. ‘I don’t think your picking up the poster activated it – your host isn’t expecting you.’
‘That’s nice to know. Is there anything else in here?’
Vincent cast the strange-sounding spell again. ‘There’s something behind that wall,’ he said, pointing to the only wall in the basement that wasn’t hidden behind runestone boxes.
‘How do we open it?’
There was no obvious lever or button to the wall. Gregory felt it the stone all over with his fingers, and failing to find anything, resorted to the old standby – he kicked the wall.
The wall remained impassive to this admonishment.
‘Too bad,’ Vincent said. ‘With luck, your host may see this as an opportunity to redecorate. Stand back, Gregory.’
Vincent drew a rune on the wall with precise and practiced flourishes. When he was done, he retreated to Gregory’s position. Gregory’s mana chimed ever so faintly; in front of him, with an immense crack and rumble, a rectangular section of the wall fell inward, leaving a gaping hole.
‘Cool!’
‘Thank you.’
Gregory peered hard at the hole, but could not see anything – the dust from the broken wall obscured the air. Vincent performed his checks again, and this time he looked wary. 
‘There are people in there. I think they’re sleeping.’
‘How can anyone sleep through the noise that just made?’
‘If they are unable to wake… be alert now, and remember – if I tell you to-’
‘Wet my pants, I wet my pants – got it.’ Gregory could almost hear his heart pounded at the duo approached the hole, following the floating orb of light.
There was more dust inside. Still, Gregory made out some strange pillars set up in a circle around the hidden room. He puffed at the dust and took a closer look one of them. It was made of runewood, but the carvings weren’t the ones he normally saw. They were elaborate and elegant, with many grand flourishes. 
He was tracing a long and intriguing looking line up the pillar when Vincent’s voice rang out.
‘Gregory! Leave the room!’
The command came a second too late. The wispy and grey beard tickled his nose. Gregory jerked his head back and saw the dry and grey skin, the emaciated and wasted face, and the protuberant and desperate eyes. 
‘Help me...’
The parched whisper brushed Gregory’s face; his cry caught in his throat as he scooted backwards, falling as he exited the hole in the wall, coughing violently. Vincent followed only seconds after. 
‘Breathe, boy!’
‘Algernon!’ Gregory coughed out. He fought down the urge to retch.
‘What?’
‘That man… in the… coffin,’ Gregory said, suddenly realising what the pillars had been. ‘His name’s… Algernon. He was at the Caverns… on the Voidmark. He is – was – a teacher.’
‘He went missing?’
‘He was taken!’
Gregory drew a great shuddering breath, and then another, and then a third. Vincent pulled out a flask from somewhere and pressed it to Gregory’s lips. It was some sort of tea, cool and clean. It helped him continue.
‘Voidmark night – the creep that got me… it took Algernon! What’s he doing here?’ 
‘Steady, boy. Explain, quickly now.’
Through shuddering breath and in trembling voice, Gregory told of the spectre that had stabbed him.
‘It absorbed him… I thought it ate him. It was huge… tall as two men, and two eyes like white lights… made me think of fairies.’
‘You thought he was dead?’ Vincent asked.
‘Everyone thought he was dead. It was the biggest spectre I’d seen that day! I thought it was going to suck me in too…’ And if it had, would Gregory have been in that room, tied up to runes, emaciated and dry? ‘This… this is necromancy, isn’t it? Real necromancy… not the kind everyone says Augusta Lovelace does?’ 
Vincent nodded. He looked drawn, and his mouth was set in the thinnest line.
‘Unholy hells… how many of them are there?’ Gregory asked.
‘A dozen… at least. Perhaps more.’
‘What’s being done to them?’
‘There was a runeflow on the floor – an ancient Mesoamerican sacrificial pattern – Aztec, I think. From what I could make out, they’re being leeched.’
Again, Gregory’s folk stories told him what that meant. ‘Their mana… no… their magical potential – their Will! Somebody’s feeding on their Will!’
Bile rose in Gregory’s throat. ‘Who-’
But Vincent put a finger to his lips, and looked up through the trapdoor. ‘I think,’ he said quietly, ‘That the feeder is here.’
Every horror story Gregory remembered of the feeders and their demonic power rushed into his head. There was no fighting them – there was no pleading, or bargaining. They cared for nothing but consuming the vitality and of others.
‘We have to go – we have to go!’ Gregory shrieked as quietly as he could.
‘And miss out on your host’s hospitality? That would be rude.’
Gregory looked at Vincent as if the older man had gone mad. Vincent was smiling his not-nice smile, but there was something else in it now. He looked hungry, like Mango had looked hungry before the fight at the arena.
‘You stay here,’ Vincent said, his voice soft. ‘I’m going to have a little chat.’
The gypsy vanished up the trapdoor, which shut behind him. The orb of light gave scant comfort – the hole into the next room looked that much more sinister in it’s faint light. He pressed himself up against one of the white runestone blocks, and waited.
A minute passed, then two, and Gregory heard nothing. The silence, and having nothing to do, was making him edgier than he could bear. So, carefully keeping an eye on the yawning hole in the wall, he examined the runestone again.
He had definitely seen the patterns before. He traced them with his fingers, looking over each line, till he found, to his great surprise, that he could actually read one of them.
It said, ‘Return’.
‘No – freaking – way,’ Gregory whispered to himself. ‘It’s an Index.’
It was, for now he knew where he’d seen the runes before – they were neo-runecraft – streaming in strange commands over his own Index whenever he executed a command, before the ink resolved itself into readable words.
The Index looked old… like a prototype. And the instant he thought that, Gregory knew whose house he was in.
Remy, Mr. Coffey had said, had invented the Index… Remy, who’s last name was Schuyler.
‘What?’ Gregory said aloud. 
Why in the world would Remy Schuyler have been looking for Gregory for the last seven years? Had he been at Brightapple the night the village had been razed? Was that where he’d seen his face? Wouldn’t Remy been studying at the Caverns all those years ago?
Gregory was so bewildered that, for a second, he forgot to be scared. 
He looked over the rest of the runestones. The Index had evolved, from these bulky old blocks, to the smooth runestone tablet tucked in his pocket. This bulkier Index looked like a more inelegant version of its formidable cousin construct at the Blood Bureau.
Despite everything, Gregory was quite impressed. 
A stray memory struck him then, and it made his heart leap – Mr. Coffey had said that Remy had mentioned coming up with the idea of rune linking blood soon after he’d begun working on the Index… and that he’d used his first Index to experiment with the runeflows!
Gregory’s heart hammered – he was quite possibly looking at the very machine Remy had used to run his experiments – but that didn’t mean Remy couldn’t have used it for other things.
Like…say… trying to hunt down Gregory, much in the same way Gregory had tried to hunt down his parents.
For if there was anyone in the world, who could appreciate the Index’s sheer power in sorting through a bunch of information, and coming to answers so long you asked the right questions, it was Gregory.
And maybe, just maybe, there were records of those searches, still written into this Index – searches that might just answer a very important question – why anyone had been looking for Gregory in the first place?
Heart racing, Gregory looked over each of the white runestone blocks till he found what he was looking for – a tall squat runestone block with many thin sheets of runestone slid into its grooves – a Book of Memory!
Gregory put his own Index on top of the Book of Memory.
‘What can you tell me?’ he whispered as he began to fiddle, his commands racing across the screen.
That was when the lance of fire cut through the ceiling of the hidden basement – the stone hissed as it was consumed – and an explosion nearly deafened him. Gregory bit his tongue hard, and cursed. 
Through the gaping hole in the ceiling, he saw a silent duel fought between two men.  He couldn’t make out any of it. He doubted he could have made out anything even if his face was pressed up against the fight. 
For the most part, the two men weren’t moving at all. The room around them had been demolished. An entire wall of the kitchen was gone; the stars in the sky silhouetted the fight. When they did move it was so fast their bodies ought to have been ripped apart. 
Flurries of spells, charms, jinxes and curses flew faster than Gregory could count; the air would sometimes scream; shapes and figures appeared only to dissolve away. 
There was a flash of light, and maybe the assailant hadn’t thought to Obscure his features, or perhaps Vincent had dispelled the blur, but Gregory saw Remy Schuyler’s thin face, contorted with rage.
A sickly yellow beam sped at Gregory. He dodged, but it never reached him. There was some ward or barrier around the room, and the beam dissipated into nothingness – Vincent must set a ward before leaving.
Gregory knew nothing of duelling, but Remy’s spellcasting scared him even so – he was powerful, very powerful; the very space in which he stood seemed to warp with his power… and Vincent was more powerful than even that. The older man’s lanky shape was distinct; his spells produced practically no color – a massive advantage; Schuyler couldn’t shield against spells he couldn’t see. And as far as Gregory could tell, Vincent wasn’t even relying on his spellwork all that much; Remy was spending a lot of effort fighting the enchantments Vincent had set up earlier. 
How in the world was a travelling gypsy giving a necromancer so much trouble?
Schuyler must have gotten desperate, or sensed that Vincent had warded the basement, because he risked a moment to fire another spell – at Gregory. The massive bolt of black fire hit the barrier, fought it, and passed clean through, though much diminished. 
It would have struck Gregory, had he not dodged in reflex. As it passed him, the spell felt wrong… sick…
Instead, it crashed into the Index, which gave a loud bang. The runestones cracked; something inside it’s body blew, adding another hole to the one the spell had made. 
Gregory scrambled to get his own Index off the Book of Memory.
Vincent had been holding back, fighting to subdue… but the attack on his son seemed to have made him less careful. Remy shielded desperately against the onslaught.
The air between the two men contracted strangely, and the stars themselves seemed to streak: the spell yanked Remy across the floor: into Vincent; who sidestepped neatly, and sunk his fist into the man’s guts. 
There was a noise from the ruined Index. A part of it fell away and a misshapen figure stumbled out of it, decayed, with massive and protuberant eyes, and limbs that looked brittle… but Gregory knew to be exceptionally strong.
The duellers caught the spectre’s eyes; it shrieked, and dashed towards the ladder, climbing haphazardly… till its head struck Vincent’s ward; wailing, it fell to the floor. 
That’s when it saw Gregory. 
It looked surprised for a second, and then it’s wasted face twisted into snarl; it leaped.
Gregory couldn’t remember deciding to move… and he thought no thoughts about the spell his body cast… 
Like his father had mere seconds ago, he sidestepped… the wordless spell exploded from him… a strange restraint on his magic seemed to break all at once; the entirety of Gregory’s thauma condensed around his fist… the same instant his fist drove through the grotesque head; the spell’s power shredded the creature, flung it back into the opposite wall; it dispersed into smoke before it hit the ground. 
‘Woah.’ Vincent jumped into the room. The fight upstairs was over too. ‘What did you say they’ve been teaching you at the Caverns?’
Gregory gaped at his own fist, which was bloody where the spectre’s teeth had sunk in… though the spectre hadn’t bitten him – it had been his fist that had pushed into it’s teeth. He was dazed, and dimly, he noted that the basement wall was cracked where the spectre had hit it.
Vincent’s carpet flew into the room. ‘Let’s go.’
Gregory didn’t move, so Vincent gently led him on the carpet. Seconds later, they were streaking out of the hamlet, up into the sky.
‘I don’t know how I did that,’ Gregory said. His voice was a little strange, but he marvelled he was coherent at all. ‘I think I’m going to…’ he slumped down on the carpet.
It felt like a mage rush, but different. It wasn’t the fuzziness or sensory overload from the Blooding… it felt as if he was caught in a vast current, a current that flowed only through him…
‘You get him?’ Gregory heard himself ask.
‘No, but the night isn’t over yet,’ Vincent said grimly. ‘We’re chasing.’
Gregory found the strength to look up and ahead. The mage rush must have been doing something to his sight – he could see a speck flying away down the valley, though he shouldn’t have been able to make out anything at all that moonless night. 
‘He figured he wasn’t going to win,’ Vincent said. ‘Pulled a trick I hadn’t seen before. I’ve never seen a kid fight so well… courtesy of his snacks back at the cottage, I suppose. Still, I know his face now.’
‘H’s name’s… Schuyler. He works for the Blood Bureau. The blood part… of the blood census… wus his idea,’ Gregory slurred.
Vincent whistled. ‘Bringing you along tonight is paying off very well.’
‘He conjured… a spectre… no accident. He… meant to do it. How?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Gotta… get him. Whatever he’s plan’d… can’t be good.’
‘We’ll get him… there! Reinforcements!’
Another speck… no, two specks… had swooped up from the ground to intercept the fleeing necromancer. Spellfire streamed through the air. The fighting slowed Remy down – Gregory and Vincent were catching up quickly. 
Before they could reach though, there was a spellburst from Remy’s carpet… somebody fell off one of the intercepting carpets and the other swooped down to catch them… but there was no point – the falling body was limp.
Dazed though he was, Gregory thought he saw something leap from Remy’s carpet and onto the one breaking off from the fight.
Vincent snarled out a curse: a silver bolt shot across the distance: it hit Remy; Gregory heard the scream… he saw the fleeing carpet falter… and then Vincent was on him.
Blue fire began eating Remy’s carpet away from the edges: the necromancer fired a long stream of curses; most disintegrated against some ward around Vincent’s carpet: Vincent deflected the rest right back at Remy, who twisted violently, his flaming carpet lurching sideways.
Vincent spiralled his own carpet down: the two carpets fell vertically, facing each other, their flyers duelling fiercely. Gregory’s stomach seemed to be floating inside him… and the ground was closing in alarmingly fast. Vincent seemed invincible, shrugging off whatever hits Remy scored against him, as if they were minor annoyances – Gregory knew they weren’t. The mage rush, if that was what was coursing through him, had heightened his magical senses. Every spell thrown so far had felt like a stone thrown into the current that was flowing through him, and the waves from the spells washed over him – and Remy’s spellwork was mind-numbingly powerful… the magical potential of more than a dozen harvested mages harvested through forbidden magic…
In contrast, Gregory could barely sense what Vincent was doing. Remy wasn’t handling Vincent’s assault nearly as well either – for all that it seemed that Vincent was barely casting anything at all. Remy convulsed as green lightning crackled through his body… then his thighs snapped; Gregory saw white bone rip through cloth… Remy screamed.
The necromancer broke away from the dive, finally putting out the blue fire eating at his carpet. It was too late though – the carpet was burnt away. Vincent chased him as he manoeuvred to a small clearing, halfway up a high hill…. he crashed clumsily into the ground.
Before he could move though, yet another carpet blossomed out of the night, bearing two figures, one of whom cast a bright silvery dome around Remy, who reacted with violent magic… but the prison held.
‘Got you!’ the newcomer whooped. 
Gregory looked away and threw up.
‘Nothing like a good night’s work,’ said the other newcomer gleefully, which Vincent cut short.
‘Ferris, go check on Aizawl and Rennick! They were hit, a few miles back. Marcus, guard the necromancer. I must take the boy home. I shan’t be long, but stay hidden.’
The other gypsies, for that’s who they were, sobered up at once. One of them sped away into the night. The other cast a powerful concealment – he, and the silver prison with Remy in it, vanished from sight. Vincent flew off the hillside, in the opposite direction in which the other carpet had gone.
‘I’m taking you to the Mushroom. You’ll rest. I’ll be back before dawn, or someone else will, to take you home.’
Gregory was in no state to argue. The world shimmered and shone around him, and its form was indistinct. Now that he noticed it – his skin, his fingers, his face and his lips – they tingled all over, pleasantly numb. Streams of light flowed across his vision, carried by that magical current… his mind and body freewheeled through the strange mage rush. 
It had, all things considered, been an excellent adventure.
A shame though, that he hadn’t had a chance to put his magical vestments to proper use, apart from the cloak, which had kept him comfortably warm.
He didn’t remember being put to bed, but when Vincent shook him awake, his head was clear again. It throbbed, but not unpleasantly.
‘You have him still?’ Gregory asked, sitting up with a jerk.
Vincent was seated on the bed. ‘Yes.’ 
Gregory pumped his fist in triumph, but then saw Vincent’s bleak look. 
‘What happened?’
‘We lost two of our own.’
Gregory felt sick. ‘Who were they?’
‘You may have seen them at the fair. One of them, Aizawl, was a fire-dancer.’
Gregory remembered the young man who’d kissed roses of fire into Susannah and Mango’s hair. ‘And the other… Rennick?’
‘A puppet-master.’
‘What are you doing for them?’
‘The tribe was all the family they knew. There will be rites.’ 
‘Can I come?’
‘Yes. Gregory, it should not need to be said… but you’re not at fault for their deaths.’
‘I know.’ 
He truly did know. He’d read enough of the stories where someone would take the blame for a loss on themselves, and he’d been frustrated at how silly those characters had been. 
‘I hope catching Remy was worth it,’ Gregory said, trying very hard not to cry.
Vincent nodded. 
Gregory couldn’t leave it at that. He cast his about in his mind, looking for something he could do or someway he could help.
The answer came to him easily enough. He wouldn’t even have considered it in any other situation, but two men had given their lives in a chain of action that he’d set in motion – Gregory would honour that.
So he pulled out the smooth grey runestone that he carried everywhere and presented it to Vincent.
‘What’s this?’ the older man asked, mystified.
‘It’s called an Index,’ Gregory said, and told Vincent everything he knew about how he got it, and what it could do. Vincent listened with unconcealed amazement. 
‘It’s wonderful, brilliant even, but why are you showing it to me?’ Vincent asked. 
‘This is secret!’ Gregory said. ‘In sometime, many people will have one of their own, but right now, only a handful know about it, and fewer actually possess one. This is secret!’
‘So?’
Gregory’s eyes gleamed. ‘Remember that dumpy looking construct back in the basement?’
‘Yes?’
‘It was an Index, a really old one. It wouldn’t turn on, but I didn’t need it to. Its Book of Memories was all I needed. I’m almost certain I pulled off its entire contents into my own Index. If I show you how to use it, maybe you can find out something important?’
Vincent’s eyes gleamed just like Gregory’s. He reverently took the proffered grey runestone, saying, ‘I’m sure I will.’ 
‘Turn it on,’ Gregory said. He guided his father through the Index’s commands. Vincent learned quickly – barely thirty minutes after he’d begun, he could navigate the Index’s information trees almost as well as Gregory himself.
‘Will you let me know what you find out?’ Gregory asked.
‘Of course. This you’ve earned for yourself.’
‘Thanks.’
Vincent looked thoughtful. ‘You said Schuyler worked for the Blood Bureau?’
‘Yes. Mr. Coffey was the one behind the census, but Schuyler was the one who thought of creating a Bloodlink.’
‘A what link?’
‘Bloodlinks. The Index itself is Schuyler’s own idea. He created it, about eight years ago. The runecraft is all his own. Rune-linking the blood of a person to an Index was also his idea.’
Gregory told Vincent everything he knew of the Blood Bureau, and how it worked. The gypsy’s face went from frowning, to thoughtful, to worried.
‘What’s the matter?’ Gregory asked nervously.
‘I’m afraid.’ Vincent turned the smooth grey tablet over in his hands. ‘Do you know, in a war, what’s the greatest weapon in any force could possess?’
That was easy. ‘Information,’ Gregory said. If you knew where your enemies were coming from, and what they were bringing, then your situation had to be hopeless for you to actually lose. It was the standard lesson of a thousand battle anecdotes.
‘You’re thinking of logistics,’ Vincent said. ‘Of the weak points of an attacking army or fleet. Come to think of it, some clever rune-work would probably let you know exactly where – shall we say, an Indexed person – is.’
‘They already do that… OH!’ 
‘They do? Then you understand.’
‘Yes.’ He couldn’t believe he’d been that slow to make the connection, that he hadn’t even thought about the ramifications of an entire population that could be tracked upon the instant. 
‘Whoever it is that’s already been… Indexed… they are practically no threat now to anyone with access to the Blood Index. On that note, how big is the project already? Who is the Index tracking?’
‘It’s only in Helika. People who lost their homes to the quake – the refugees, about a few thousand of them.’ 
Vincent frowned. ‘A few thousand? The quake left millions of Helikans homeless. Why have they Indexed so few?’
‘I don’t know. I think they’re mainly tracking the refugee camps in the north of Helika, but  - hey! Don’t break it!’
Vincent’s knuckles had whitened where they gripped the Index. 
‘Sorry.’
‘What’s the matter?’
‘The Blood Index. The census is a deception, a sleight of hand, cloaking the Index’s true purpose – the only purpose that makes sense.’
‘Which is?’
‘I believe it’s a weapon, the newest weapon in the war.’
‘In your war? How’s that? And how your war is mixed up in my life?’
Vincent was looking at him inscrutably again, weighing, Gregory knew, how much to say. ‘I came tonight only to find out why someone was interested in you – when they had no business for it. And now I think I know who it is, that’s looking for you.’ 
‘Who?’
‘I don’t know his name. I’ve hunted him, with your mother, for more than a decade. Seven years ago, I thought I had him.’
‘The night at Brightapple,’ Gregory said.
‘Yes. Always, I’ve tried to guess his moves. There is a certain pattern to his actions, and sometimes I can predict him. Sometimes, I’ve been lucky enough to spoil or delay his plans. Not always, though.’
‘Then, if he knows my face, I might have seen his too? Before losing my memory?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘You said – at the watchtower – that Brightapple was razed to cover up a murder… was it the man you’ve been hunting?’ 
‘Yes.’
‘And this is the man looking for me?’
‘Very likely.’
‘Why? What do I have that he wants?’
‘I only have guesses. When I’m sure of them, I’ll let you know.’
‘How did Remy conjure that spectre?’
‘You can bet I’ll be asking him that…but now it’s time you were home.’
Gregory had never flown over Domremy at dawn. It was beautiful. Sunlight fought mist for the ground, and the sun had just risen entirely when Vincent flew Gregory up to his window.
As exhausted as he’d ever felt, Gregory got off the carpet.
‘You’re to be made Hero tomorrow evening, aren’t you?’ Vincent asked.
‘Yes. When are you holding the funeral?’
‘In a few days. I’ll let you know.’
Gregory nodded. ‘See you around, I suppose.’ He staggered to the front door; he could almost hear his bed calling.
‘We’ve wished a million times that you could have been with us.’
Vincent hadn’t left. He hovered on his carpet, looking wistful.
‘There are so many people we’ve met, and so many sights we’ve seen, that we wish we could have shared with you. There would have been dangers, like tonight, but I always wondered, if the trade off was worth it – keeping you out of harms way, at the price of becoming strangers to you. And even now, I’m not sure it was. ‘
Before Gregory could reply, Vincent sped off. 
It was, Gregory thought, an apology of sorts. 
He sat down at his desk, notebook open and quill in hand, and wrote down the questions he thought needed answering, for all that his head felt too tired to ever think again. 
Then he changed, tore up the alert letter he’d written to Uncle Quincy, and let his bed swallow him up.



CHAPTER 20
Boon And Blood
Mere minutes before the ceremony at the Grand Odeum that would effectively make Gregory one of the most powerful people in Domremy, he had an epiphany.
It came to him as he stood in the line of awardees for the evening, who were all dressed ridiculously richly and flashily. He’d been wondering exactly how it was that he had not noticed the Boon creep up on him until he was forced to panic at the sheer enormity of that prospect at the very last minute. After all, the responsible thing to do would have been to get done with all the panicking well before, wouldn’t it?
It struck him that most people probably only panicked when they had time to… but if your mind was too busy working on other things, it wouldn’t start panicking until the subject of that panic was shoved in its face. 
It wasn’t useful as epiphanies went, but at least it put things into perspective… and thinking about it helped distract his mind.
However, such a thought could only offer a limited amount of distraction, and if Gregory failed to find a good substitute, he’d find his brain freewheeling cheerfully through further terror.
He was at the end of the line, and though the other awardees had looked at him curiously, everyone was clearly under some sort of impression that the evening had too much gravitas to be spoiled by chatter.
Thankfully, Mango had been ushered over and inserted into the line just in front of Gregory; he reckoned he could spend at least ten minutes on the topic with her – ten blissfully thought-free minutes of conversation. And if he took time to offer niceties first, he could score as much as fifteen minutes.
‘Mango! You look terrifying!’
She did look quite intimidating – instead of the formal and stiff blue-gold ceremonial dress Mr. Fester had outfitted Gregory with, Mango wore dark-red ceremonial armour.
‘It’s my family’s battle dress.’
‘You look ready to kill.’
‘Perfect… because I feel as if I’m being led into a slaughter.’
‘You look like you’re holding up alright.’
‘Oh I was, until I saw the crowd outside… and then I freaked out so much that I’m approaching calm from the other side.’
‘That many, huh?’
‘Haven’t you seen them? The ceremony’s already begun… when I came in they were commending Mr. Zeppelin for all the ships he committed to the rebuilding efforts… and Mr. Coffey and the Blood Bureau team was next… though I didn’t see that one… whatshisname – Schuyler.’
You wouldn’t have, Gregory thought, though he’s close – Vincent was keeping the man somewhere in the gypsy camp. ‘I’ve no clue what’s going on outside. I’ve been here since noon… Mr. Fester’s been making me rehearse.’
‘Well, they’ve managed to cram about sixty thousand people into a space meant for forty… and there’s about half a million people outside the Odeum, all over the Arenas.’
Gregory tried to wrap his head around that number. ‘Are there even that many people in Domremy?’
‘I do know of several countries with fewer people than that in them… oh, we’re moving.’
They shuffled forward.
‘Gods, it’s starting.’
‘We’ve got some time yet… some people have got speeches to make.’
The line progressed slowly forward down a narrow wooden corridor, and up a narrow set of wooden stairs; light chamber music drifted down from above.
‘Hey, I just had an interesting thought…’
Gregory managed to stretch the conversation about his epiphany out to twenty minutes; in that time, they climbed up the stairs. The other awardees sometimes turned back and scowled at him; Gregory pretended not to notice.
‘I bet I bollix up the speech,’ he said gloomily.
‘Did you write your own?’ Mango asked. ‘I did.’
‘They wouldn’t let me… I’m not deferring my boon, so my speech is tied up into it… and Mr. Fester said I was going to ruffle a lot of feathers, so I had to package it up nicely… make it ‘politically correct’ and all.’
Mango looked amused. ‘What kind of feathers are you ruffling?’
‘Every kind,’ Gregory said a little proudly.
‘I can’t wait.’
‘Do you know where Susannah and Zach are?’
‘Somewhere in the crowd, though I heard they got good seats… Zach said if we puke, he’d be able to see it.’
‘That’s considerate of him. Listen, I’ve got something to tell you… though this isn’t the best time… depressing time, really.’
‘What is it?’
‘You remember that gypsy man from the Peoplesmeet – the firedancer?’
Mango blushed till her face matched the color of her armour. ‘What about him?’
 ‘Well… he’s dead.’
‘What?’
‘It was an accident; he got in the way of a spell,’ Gregory said in a rush, ‘Chief Merlot told me they’re going to hold his funeral tomorrow … I told him how much you’d enjoyed his performance, and he said you were invited to the funeral if you wanted to come… and I know this is a bad time, but I wasn’t sure if I’d get to tell you in time…’
‘No, that’s alright… that’s horrible… of course I’ll come! When is it?’
‘At six tomorrow evening… here, a little way uphill from the arenas… we can get Zach and Susannah too.’
‘I’ll be there! Thanks for telling me.’
‘You’re welcome.’
Of course, it hadn’t been Chief Merlot, but Vincent who’d issued the invitation. A minute passed in melancholy silence.
The line turned a corner; with a jolt, Gregory realised that only Mango was left to go before him. Through the door, he saw the Thrones standing directly in front of him; with the line of awardees wearing sashes of different colour behind them. A single awardee stood at the very front, giving his speech, but Gregory couldn’t make it out.
The voice of the Master of Ceremonies called out. ‘Nominated by adoration by the nation of Domremy, for her resourcefulness, courage, and selflessness, Hero of Domremy, Magus Mango Piper.’
‘Good luck!’ Gregory whispered as Mango moved out into the stage, the unseen crowd cheering loudly. He kept his eyes fixed on her every movement, committing each motion to memory, just in case he went out there and forgot everything Mr. Fester had ever said. The Thrones draped a white sash over Mango, and Gregory heard the audience outside roar. She moved forward to make her speech; Gregory couldn’t make out a single word of it, but at one point, she bowed her head, and the whole Odeum was entirely silent.
Would Vincent be in the crowd? He probably was, Gregory thought; Vera would want to know how the Ceremony went. When would he get to meet her? Was she as powerful as Vincent? What would they think of the boon that he was about to ask? Everyone in Domremy was probably going to hate him… and everyone in Helika.
Mango finished her speech, and joined the line of awardees, flashing Gregory a quick smile.
‘Nominated by adoration by the nation of Domremy, for his resourcefulness, courage, and selflessness, Hero of Domremy, Magus Gregory Grey.’
Suddenly finding breathing very difficult, Gregory strode out. A great and powerful light shone on the stage; peer as he might, he couldn’t make out the crowd at all… but he knew they were there… there was an incredible swell of noise in their cheer. Before he knew it, he was facing the Thrones, left arm stretched out; they draped a white sash over him without a word exchanged.
He looked up at them; King Nathaniel nodded gravely at him, and Queen Renata smiled gently. Gregory turned around. He really couldn’t make out the crowd at all, for all that it sounded like the stage was about to be stampeded. There was a circle in front of him, which, Gregory knew, was charmed to amplify his voice. Thin ribbons of golden letters strung themselves out in the air in front of him – his speech had begun.
‘Thank you, Thrones. Thank you, Domremy. A few weeks ago, I blundered my way into your city, and you have been very welcoming… though of course, that might something to do with the fact that I thoroughly saved your bacon…’
The laughter swell out from the invisible masses; Gregory grinned.
‘I wasn’t going to ask for a boon… I only came up with it earlier this week.
‘After the Voidmark, I was unconscious for seven days. When I woke, my cousin sister, Johanna, took me to the Wormhole. I love books, and it was like finding a dragon’s hoard, if dragons collected books.
‘But before my greed could kill me, I saw newspapers, from the week after the Voidmark… and I read what they said… what Domremy was saying, about me: a returned Hero… a Seraph, even.
‘Well, I thought you’d gotten it right. What a nice people you all are.’
The audience laughed again. Not for long, Gregory thought.
‘I’ve heard the stories you’ve been telling about me: the nice ones… and the not so nice. And I’m sure you’ve all been waiting for me to tell you the truth from the fanciful…Well, you can go on waiting, because I’m having too much fun listening to the things you come up with.
‘But it is true, that I’m the son of Vincent and Veracity Grey. 
‘It’s true that my parents and I disappeared many years ago, and that not even I know what’s become of them. 
‘It’s true, that I have no memory of my own life before the age of seven.
‘It’s true, that I’ve spent the last seven years in an orphanage… that I knew nothing of my first home, or that I had family that still looked for me.
‘It’s true, that I am grateful to be back! … because great snakes, do you know how awesome it is to do magic? You’ve had it all your lives, so maybe you don’t think it’s a big deal… but I didn’t always have it.
‘You don’t get to do magic at the orphanage… the best I could hope for was that maybe, just maybe, some craft-master mage would take me as apprentice… and teach me just enough magic to conjure fire.
‘When I learned I was to come here… it was unreal – I was quite literally afraid that it wasn’t true… but I got onto the Zeppelin, and I flew into Domremy City.
‘It was like journeying to Heaven… because magic is so much more than I’d ever dreamt! Look at the Blood Bureau – it’s the craziest thing I’ve ever heard of! And if that weren’t awesome enough – you’ve managed to come up with rechargeable runes? Get out of here!
‘Of course, I found out not everybody thinks rechargeable runes are a great idea… that another could use one’s magic… I didn’t grow up with the idea that magic is sacred…I wasn’t raised under any sort of Shamanic influence. That’s why, two complaints stood out the most.
‘First, it sounded strange to hear that people were angry, saying it violates the Shamanic texts.
‘Even weirder was hearing them say that the implications… of using rechargeable runes - it would destroy the societal structure that’s served Domremy for over a thousand years.
‘Domremy is one of the handful of prominently magical nations in the world… and one of the seven… only seven… Reflective nations. We have four mages for every ten non-mage… or I should say we had.
‘The Voidmark struck us, hard, and now, we have only a little over two mages for every ten non-mage. Almost half of our total magical peoples are dead – in a single day… more, if you consider that many more full mages died than part mages.
‘I think that social structure… that you’re all so keen to keep – it’s dead. It died on the Voidmark.
‘I don’t know why magic turned on us. I don’t know what corrupted it. Our greatest scholars are baffled by it still – so maybe we’ll never learn why.
‘But I did learn something else… we all learned it. We learned that our magic can be taken away from us – and that we’re almost helpless to prevent it. We learned that our magic isn’t constant… it is not permanent… it is not forever…
‘Magic was the strength that protected us in the thousand years of war that we struggled to build Domremy… the strength that helped us build a revolutionary philosophy – the Reflective Manifesto – which persuades every spirit to pursue it’s own calling, unheeding of others…
‘At the orphanage, I dreamt of magic almost every day since I can remember… and the very day I came back to my magical heritage - it was almost taken away from me.
‘You see a thousand year old culture gasping for life… I see an entire population weakened… its most precious resource – its magical strength – stolen away.
‘If something can be stolen away from us, we must guard it that much more carefully… but I don’t know how to guard against another Voidmark. 
‘If something can be stolen away from us, then we must know where to look so we can get it back… but I can’t bring our dead loved ones back to life…
‘If something can be stolen away from us… then we must hoard so much of it that our losses, however tragic, don’t leave us vulnerable – and that’s what rechargeable runes can do! I don’t know if you know, but during the Voidmark, when all our spells conjured nightmares… the magic inside the Lovelace runes remained pure, and the constructs that used them conjured spells, not spectres. So many of you claim to hate what Lovelace runes are about… but if another Voidmark strikes, they will be the only magic you can turn to.
‘And if something IS stolen away from us, then we should build it… build so much of it, that no amount of theft could leave us poorer – and that I can do something about.
‘For the first of my three boons, I ask the King and the Queen to grant me this – rebuild Domremy’s lost magical strength. Restore the numbers of our mages… no more part-mages, no more non-mages – no more magical potential unrealised because there’s no one to pay for a magical education. 
‘Take every child of Domremy under your patronage, and teach them all they magic they could possibly learn. Let Domremy become the first nation of Earth where every citizen is a mage.
‘May the Thrones find me worthy of this boon… thank you.’
Gregory stepped out of the speaking circle. The Odeum was quiet, as if people had not quite understood what he’d asked for… or as if they thought they’d misheard him. Moving to join the other awardees, he saw they were mostly slack-jawed. Mango though, looked positively giddy with glee – she beamed at Gregory.
The King’s voice rang out then – it was the first time Gregory had heard it: ‘The Throne thanks you, Magus Gregory Grey, and grants your boon.’
That’s when the murmur of the crowd swelled and swelled into a tremendous chatter… but no one was clambering on to the stage just yet, so they presumably weren’t rioting. But the ceremony was over, and the Thrones were moving off the stage, the like of awardees following; there was a ball to get to. 
‘Greg… what the bloody hell!’ Mango hissed, looking to be in serious danger of injuring her neck as she tuned to look at Gregory.
‘Feathers properly ruffled, you reckon?’
‘Ruffled? More like plucked clean… that’s what you’ve been putting together the whole week?’
‘Yeah. What d’you think?’
‘I think it’s brilliant. I think you’re in a load of trouble. I think you better sign up for mum’s classes quick coz one night you’re going to wake up and find assassins in your bedroom… and you should never drink from anything but your poison detecting chalice again… and… and I’m glad I deferred my boon… you’d have stolen my spotlight!’
Gregory grinned happily. Something roared inside his chest… he couldn’t believe he’d needed Johanna to tell him he had the power to remake the world in the way he, Reggie, Alf and Mixer had always wished it would be. 
Also, above his station his left toe, Gregory thought with a snort – the Earl’s words had never really left him.  
They were led out of the Grand Odeum, down a pathway of hedges, which was lit up by hundreds of softly glowing flowers, until they came upon a great and golden tent – the Magus Ball.
‘Just confirming… but we don’t have to dance if we don’t have to, right?’ Gregory asked Mango just before they entered.
‘No, but you shouldn’t refuse a girl if she happens to come up to you and ask to dance.’
‘Perfect… they can take the lead.’
Inside, the tent was stupendously decorated. The walls emanated a gentle, golden glow. Round tables of different sizes were scattered around, each bearing a tremendous feast of meats and cakes and wines.
‘Each new Magus’ family gets their own table… oh, that’s a pretty dance floor.’
It was a floor of white marble that, like the walls of the tent, seemed to glow with its own light, a shimmering silver liquid. At one corner of the floor, a colourful string quartet played a light waltz. And in the centre of the tent, the Throne’s table lay draped in golden cloth and golden plates and golden goblets.
‘That’s the ugliest thing I’ve seen in my whole life… there’s so much gold, it’s hurting my eyes.’
‘Are we supposed to have dinner on that ugly thing-’
A ball of red cannonballed into Gregory, and a ball of yellow into Mango.
‘Heroes!’ yelled Johanna and the girl Gregory recognised as Jenny, Mango’s cousin sister.
‘Congratulations!’ a chorus of voices called out. The families and guests of the awardees had entered. Uncle Quincy, Zach’s family, Mango’s mother, and the Coffeys – everyone surrounded them. Uncle Quincy swept Gregory up into and spun him around, roaring with laughter.
‘Don’t hurt the sash!’ Johanna chided.
‘What was that?’ Zach said, grabbing Gregory by the shoulder the second he was back on the ground. ‘What was that boon?’
‘I thought you’d like it.’
‘Like it? Like it… you…’ Zach trailed of into incoherence.
‘You look very handsome,’ Susannah said, rescuing Gregory from Zach’s clutches, and pecking him on the cheek for just a moment longer than was casual.
‘You look… I think the word’s… ravishing,’ Gregory said, stepping back to look at her white and silver dress.
‘I thought you’d like it.’
Gregory shook hands with the adults and they found all their tables together in a cluster close the spectacularly ugly golden centrepiece.
‘So who’s sitting there?’ Johanna asked.
‘No one… until the very end, I think. We’re supposed to have desert with the Thrones there… but that’s it,’ Mango said.
‘Why is everyone looking at us?’ 
‘Not us, dear… they’re looking at Gregory,’ Susannah said.
He hadn’t noticed, but suddenly every pair of eyes in the room felt like a spotlight just as hard as the one on the stage earlier, only this time he could see his audience.
‘They don’t look very friendly,’ Johanna said.
‘No, they don’t. Come on, let’s eat.’
As everyone sliced into an enormous roll of ham, Augusta Lovelace turned to Gregory. ‘I suppose I ought to thank you.’
‘Thank me… why?’
‘You publicly voiced your support of my work… the first time anyone important has done that.’
‘Really? The first… the first time?’
‘Not even the Throne’s done it. Everyone’s beginning to use my work, but no one comes out into the open and admits it.’
‘Oh.’
‘I think Gregory’s made history here,’ Zach said, ‘he’s managed to turn a full third of his teeth-gnashingly adoring admirers into haters within ten minutes of stepping into office… it deserves to be honoured, it does. I propose we raise a toast. Come on now, everyone.’ He brandished his glass of champagne, and laughing, everyone picked their own up as well. ‘To Gregory and Mango, and all the things they’re going to step into, and the people they’re going to enrage, and the perks that are inevitably to come my way by virtue of being their friend.’
‘To Gregory and Mango,’ they chorused.
‘Thank you… thank you, Zach. That was touching,’ Gregory said, smiling despite himself.
Sometime later, a smartly-dressed man came up to their table.
‘Magus Mango, the King requests your presence... and Magus Gregory, the Queen yours. If you would just follow me…’
They stumbled out of their seats.
‘What’s this about?’ Mango whispered.
‘No idea… maybe it’s some Hero business?’
 They were led to separate ante-tents on the far side of the silver dance floor. Shrugging at each other, they entered.
The Queen was seated in front of a large wooden goblet or basin of some sort.
‘Sit, Magus Gregory.’
He had to focus to not fidget in his seat. His fingers wanted to thrum, his feet to tap, and his knees to rock. He settled for slowly chewing the inside of his cheeks as the Queen regarded him. 
He looked down at the basin.
‘Pure runewood,’ the Queen said. ‘From a species of tree endemic to Domremy.’
It was very disconcerting, Gregory thought, the way she managed to switch her hats so fluidly, yet completely. And though he could barge into Headmistress’ office and spew out a crazy idea, no one had ever taught him what to say to a Queen.
‘What is it for, my Queen?’
‘It is meant, Magus Gregory, for the true ceremony for becoming a Hero of Domremy. What happened at the Odeum was a show, staged for the people. The ceremony we are about to hold now is magical in nature.
‘But first, we shall speak. Don’t be afraid to speak your mind… the ceremony will happen regardless of what you say – Domremy has willed it.’
‘Alright,’ Gregory said cautiously.
‘Have you any idea, how much nastiness your boon is going to stir up? Not everyone will remember the pretty speech you gave tonight. They will call you a fool, and you’ve certainly already lost many of your admirers.’
‘Well, then they’re just being as silly as they were for making me a Hero in the first place,’ Gregory snapped, then blushed. Still, there was something funny about her manner – condescension? It irked him.
The Queen though, looked delighted. ‘Oh, you have no idea how glad it makes me to hear that from you. You might not be the worst Hero after all. Yes, people are silly as anything.  A person might not always be, but a people… silly is what being a people usually means.’ 
‘But you don’t think my boon is stupid.’
‘Stupid? It was presumptuous and it was imperious. It was also well intentioned… so not stupid… but certainly… naïve?  Then again, naiveté can get away with a lot. And your naiveté, especially, Gregory, is going to let the Throne get away with a lot.’’
Gregory had no idea how to respond to that, so he did not.
‘Don’t look so disheartened. Do you know what a revolution is?’ 
‘It’s when people get together and throw over someone in power.’
‘It only means that sometimes.’
She’d paced her way around the table and upto Gregory. 
‘You’ve been taught to waltz?’
‘Wha- yes! Mr. Fester arranged for lessons.’
‘Then I’d like the honour of the first waltz with Domremy’s youngest ever Hero,’ the Queen said, and held out her hand.
Gregory’s brain stuttered to a halt, then spat out the ballroom etiquette Mr. Fester had drilled into his head: counter clockwise on the floor, jostle no one, leave the entrance to the floor clear, find no faults with your partner, don’t move faster than others are moving, don’t be flashier than your partner, and make eye contact.
… most of this probably wasn’t going to be a problem.
He took her hand, and she began to lead them around the room. She was very tall, and he didn’t even come up to her chin. He had to lean away a little, or he’d have had an accident every time she took a breath. That said, he waltzed her with everything he’d learned from the six hours of practice he had had with Mr. Fester.
The Queen went on speaking as they danced. 
‘Revolution can also a period of dramatic and far-reaching change. Do you know what the people hate most of all?’ 
‘Change?’ Gregory ventured. 
‘Precisely. To change, to evolve… that is the maxim of every human success, yet people avoid change like the plague. They fear it. They think it will harm them. And so, they will fear you, Magus Gregory Grey, and they will hate you… and why shouldn’t they? Magical ability has always separated the elite from the Mundane. In one evening, you’ve forced the people think about a world where they are no better than those they once called peasants. You weren’t even nice enough to ask them… you simply said that this ought to be so… so very tyrannical….’ 
It was officially the strangest conversation Gregory had had, weirder than when he’d first met Vincent in the clearing near the Caverns. He still had no idea of what to say… he thought the Queen had been happy with his boon.
‘And yet, because you so conveniently assumed the mantle of tyranny, the Throne doesn’t have to. Every successful revolution happens at the right time and at the right place.’
The scent of her wafted over him, a rich and fruity air, and he dropped his eyes to the floor. The Queen was having none of that though. She stood right in front of him and with a finger, pulled his face up to meet her eyes again.
‘Chin up, Magus Gregory. You’re about to call for a revolution. Do you think it’s at the right time and at the right place?’
‘Yes,’ Gregory mumbled, then cleared his throat. ‘Yes, I do. I’m not the only one talking about it. I’m not the only one thinking it. And there’s all that stuff that Zach’s mum… I mean, Mrs. Zeppelin, is doing. You can do magic without even learning it now. If everyone can do magic, then everyone should be able to do it. It shouldn’t matter that you aren’t rich.’
The Queen nodded. ‘Had you made this boon even ten years ago, the King and I would have had to refuse, never mind the price you could have demanded for the refusal. A call for a revolution then would have served no purpose, and even the Throne needs to keep people happy, or at least, comfortably discontent.
‘Now though... do you even realise what a great favour you’ve done to me, and the King, personally?’
Gregory stared at her nonplussed. 
‘No, I don’t suppose you do,’ said the Queen. ‘Being a Hero is not like other titles the Throne might bestow upon you. It is a covenant, a sacred agreement between the Hero and the nation.’ 
‘Nation… you mean Domremy?’
‘Yes, Domremy itself,’ the Queen said softly. ‘Its people, its lands, its culture, its heritage and its spirit. Domremy lives, and as such it has a soul. And be clear on this – by soul, I mean living Will, the same Will you are taught about in your Sorcery lessons. 
‘Your covenant is with Domremy. Domremy acknowledges you as its chosen child and as such, you and your friend Magus Mango Piper are more closely bound to this land in some ways than even the King or I. 
‘Domremy recognises you as its guardian, and it will protect you in turn. In a manner of speaking, when you say something, your voice can be said to be Domremy’s voice. Do you understand?’
Gregory took a few moments to absorb that. ‘So… when I asked for that boon… people will take it to mean that everyone in Domremy wants what I want?’
‘Perhaps not in absolute terms… but after a fashion, yes. A nation is a sum of many parts and I dare say you’ll find those who will now accuse you of the vilest blasphemy.’
‘I don’t see how this is a favour to you…your Grace.’
‘Universal magical access – an old and controversial dream.  Despite its costs, it’s inevitable, for reasons both economic and moral.
‘We – the King and I, that is – thought we were prepared. Many campaigns were drawn up, many scholars consulted. Every possible source of outrage had been identified. It was going to be long and slow process and would take an entire generation before we saw any worthwhile change. But we were ready.’
She looked down at him wryly. ‘Then along comes a boy with a stick and so much for all that.’ 
Gregory looked away, feeling a little hot around the corner. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘No. I fear that if it’s anyone who should be apologising, it’s me. Lucky for me, Queens don’t have to apologise. Ever.’ 
‘You? How come?’
‘All our work didn’t go to waste, Magus Gregory. Do you truly believe that we managed to draft out an entire Philosophy and Law of Education in the one week since you asked for the boon? These things take decades! We already had decades of work invested into this. So when you burst into my office, with ink all over your face, I took advantage of you. Your boon offered me an opportunity to speed up this revolution’s timeline… and I took it.’
The Queen sighed. ‘Only, at this moment, it’s much more your revolution than it ever was mine.’
‘I don’t understand,’ Gregory said. He was listening intently, but a part of him was rather proud at how well the waltz was going.
‘I will do my best to be simple. How deeply are you committed to this dream of yours, Magus Gregory? Starting a revolution by asking for a boon is a simple thing.  Would you be willing to become the face of that revolution, to lead it?’
Gregory wore his puzzlement on his face.
‘It’s important that you understand this… tell me, what do you know of Occilox himself?’ the Queen asked.
‘He founded the Reflective faith… and Domremy.’ Everyone knew that.
‘Was that achievement his alone? Obviously not. There must have been any number of advisors, scholars and idealists who’d contributed to the First Reflective Manifesto, but his name is the only one everyone remembers. His story is the only one that most will ever care about. Why?’
‘Because it’s the one people most like to hear?’ 
‘That’s right.’ Melancholy crept into the Queen’s voice. ‘I wish you could have met my daughter; she would have loved to speak with you.’
Gregory swallowed, and said, ‘I wish too… that I could have met her.’
‘Your uncle told me you like to read, yes? Then you know that people think of themselves and the world around them in terms of stories… the story of their own lives, the story of the lives around them – lots of little stories that come together to make one big story, and it’s almost always the same story, told in different forms, and different characters, but always the same. Would you agree?’
‘I guess,’ said Gregory. The Bobbin used to say something like this, on one of those rare nights when he allowed his more favoured charges to sip at his rum. ‘It’s like the pattern of folktales… a conflict, a quest, a battle and a lesson.’ 
‘Precisely. Every revolution has a hero – a face to look at, a voice to listen to. Occilox was the hero of the Reflective revolution. Now, another revolution is coming. We need another Hero. And what do you know, we have one, and brand new at that. One who’s practically volunteered for the role.’
Woah, said every component part of Gregory. 
Uncle Quincy had said that there would be those who wished to use him, but he had probably been thinking of underhand methods and false flattery. Apparently, being a Queen meant you could tell a person up front that you planned to make use of them. 
Then he thought about what she was asking, and he laughed, hard. 
The Queen indulgently watched him chortle. ‘The idea doesn’t scare you then?’ 
‘Scare me? This is too much, on top of all the other muchness of this place.’
‘Muchness?’
It was about as much as he felt like saying. Complaining about the earthquake, the spectres, the knighthood, strange missing-person posters, the tithes, his father, Lesley Greene, and now this whole revolution business sounded well justified in his head, but it would probably sound like whining if he said it out loud… and ungrateful. That didn’t mean he couldn’t think it, and he was thinking it as loudly as he could.
‘Yes. Muchness,’ said Gregory. 
‘Then you refuse.’ It wasn’t a question, but the Queen did seem surprised, and a little disappointed.
‘What? No… I mean, I don’t know,’ Gregory said. ‘It’s just that… so what even if I did ask for the boon I asked.’ He searched for words that would not suggest that he thought the Queen was crazy. ‘That doesn’t mean I’d make a good… Hero. Function doesn’t always follow form.’ 
It was good line, though he couldn’t remember where he’d picked it up.
The Queen was silent for a minute. ‘Perhaps what you lack is a bit of perspective. Oh Gregory, don’t you see? Don’t you see your pattern… your story? It’s so perfect… do you have any idea how people see you?’
‘They hate me?’
‘Not quite. Even the ones who don’t agree with you believe that you’re simply unfortunately misguided… perhaps led astray by your friendship with Master Zeppelin. No one truly hates you. Let me tell you your story, as the people see it.’
‘Eight years ago, a family disappeared… a mother, a father and a child, good people and well-respected. The yearlong search revealed nothing, and they faded into urban legend… but still they are remembered.  
‘One day, many years later, a terrible tragedy strikes the nation – magic itself corrupted. Imagine the surprise and the wonder of a despairing people, when, in a corner where we were almost certain to encounter only death – a school filled with practically defenceless children – we instead found life, the children saved by a boy with a stick.
‘We disbelievingly hear of the boy’s efforts – a level of ingenuity nearly unheard of at that age – and his near self-sacrifice. And as we tell ourselves fantastic story over and over, we came to believe. Even as we prayed for his recovery, the strangest of all rumours spreads… and then is discovered to be true, that the boy is the returned child of the long lost family… and rumour grows more fantastic with every telling…
‘Then someone says it – he’s the prophesised Seraph, sent to us in our darkest hour, the one who’ll restore balance to a world spiralling into unrest and war… and everyone wants to believe it. His legend grows even as he sleeps, and many are terrified that he’s on the verge of death, that their saviour will be taken away before they could ever know him…
The Queen abruptly stops the long waltz, and clasps Gregory’s hands in her own.
‘And then he wakes.’
Gregory didn’t think he’d ever seen anyone’s eyes shine quite like that.
‘The entire nation cheers for their nominated Hero, for he cannot possibly be anything less. They ache to see him, and wish fervently to hear that he’s accepted the mantle they’ve bestowed… and he does! He looks every bit like how they’ve imagined him… and then he asks for it… for universal magical access.’
‘Do you see now, Magus Gregory? Your story is practically written – your acts so beautifully framed. All it requires is that you play the parts as you’re expected, that you live the story… and in less than a decade, every child in this nation could be a budding mage.
‘It will be a greater service by far that you’ll do for Domremy than you have already done. You will be seen to lead, but you will not be alone, as Occilox was not alone. You have my word. So will you, Magus Gregory, lead us?’ 
Gregory slowly pulled his jaw back up to his skull. A part of him wanted to applaud the Queen’s speech. Another wanted to point out that he knew exactly what she was doing; that he’d read all about how to play to a person’s ego; and that he knew how inspiring speeches were all about getting people to back you up by making them think they belonged.
‘I’ll do it.’
The rest didn’t matter. There was simply nothing else he could have said if he didn’t want to wake up kicking himself for the rest of his life.
The Queen glared at him in triumph. ‘There were those who counselled me against speaking to you so plainly. That this is a decision beyond what one can expect a child to make. I am glad to see you’re not most children, Magus Gregory.’
Oh, blah, blah, blah.
‘Thanks.’
She still clasped his hands, and he was acutely aware of her soft warmth as she kissed him.
‘Thank you! Boons are ceremonial things… but if there’s ever something you think needs the Throne’s attention, you have the Throne’s ear.’
There was a knock on the door leading into the room.
‘We will speak more on this soon. There won’t be much for you to do here in the near future, but I think you’ll like what we’ve planned. And now it’s time for the ceremony, before we step back out for dessert… step over the basin, Magus Gregory…’
At a command from her, the basin filled up with that same silvery, shimmery water that had churned in the fountain at Gregory’s Blooding at the Caverns.
The Queen unceremoniously cut her palm open; the blood bloomed through the water. Then she cut Gregory’s palm open; as before, it was painless.
‘Once again, place your instrument into the water, Magus Gregory.’
This time, the belt soaked in both his and the Queen’s blood, even as she chanted her strange sounding words. When the water was clear, Gregory and the Queen both reached for his belt; the water healed their cuts in moments.
‘Hold your instrument.’ The Queen pulled out a chalice, and scooped up water from the basin. ‘Drink.’
It was like suddenly becoming aware of someone else’s mana intersecting your own… if that somebody else were a god. It was in the air, the ground, in him, and in the Queen, and in the sky. It was big… no, ginormous, and powerful, and utterly calm.
‘Woaaaaaah,’ Gregory said.
The Queen laughed. ‘Gregory, say hello to Domremy.’
‘Hello… Domremy.’
Domremy flooded through him.



CHAPTER 21
The Necromancer's Weapon
‘Susannah can’t come – she’s got to help her father at the tree,’ Mango said.
‘That’s too bad,’ Zach said. ‘Man, this is depressing… we ought to be celebrating your knighting, instead we’re going to a funeral.’
It was Monday afternoon, and they’d gathered outside the Cavern after finishing the first day of the last week of Preparatory (magical heavy lifting – raise a pair of five litre water jugs into the air, without spilling the water inside; it was ridiculously difficult). 
‘I still can’t believe it,’ Mango said sadly.
‘That was really nice, though, what you did for the man yesterday,’ Zach said warmly.
‘What did you do?’ Gregory asked.
‘You saw her, right? On the stage?’
‘Yes, but I couldn’t hear anything from the sides. Lousy acoustics.’
‘It wasn’t all that,’ Mango said.
‘You saw her bow her head for a whole minute, right?’ Zach said.
‘I thought she’d started praying.’
‘Not quite – she told the whole Odeum that a nice young man had died, and that everyone ought to observe a minute of silence for him. So everyone did.’
‘No kidding!’ Gregory said.
‘None. It was… sappy and dreadful and sweet – I thought I was going to cry… ow!’
Mango punched him. She turned to Gregory ‘I am so happy I didn’t ask for a stupid boon yesterday… the other awardees barely got a mention in the papers this morning.’
‘Clever of you,’ Gregory smirked. ‘What are they saying?’
‘Well, saving those like Janvi, who just want to string you up, they’re saying that you’re naïve… and barmy. They say your heart’s in the right place, but you’re going about it wrong,’ Zach said.
‘Universal magical access?’
‘Uh… no. That’s not what you said you wanted remember. You said it was about making Domremy strong again.’
‘Let me guess. They’re saying that universal magical access isn’t the best way to go about it.’
‘More or less,’ Zach said.
‘Then lets not tell anyone that universal magical access is what it’s always been about, eh?’
‘Let’s not,’ Zach said with a grin, then turned sombre. ‘We should get moving… let’s head for the camp.’
A short carpet ride later, Mango received a very warm welcome from Chief Merlot, a wiry young girl, and a middle-aged woman.
‘Magus Mango… this is Aizawl’s sister, and that’s his mother – they wanted to meet you.’
The older woman said nothing; her face was drawn and strained, but she pulled Mango into a long and shuddering embrace. Finally, she kissed Mango’s forehead, and the wiry young girl stepped forward; she held a basket.
‘Auzi’s pyro-box… it’s got all the tools he’d use in his shows – I want you to have it.’
‘Thank you,’ Mango said, taking it. ‘He was a wonderful firedancer.’
‘Come, I’ll tell you about him on the way to the Resting Place.’
A procession had begun to wind its way out of the camp; Aizawl, the firedancer, and Rennick, the puppeteer, were being carried up in two ornately decorated bamboo cradles, each carried by four men. Mango walked beside the firedancer’s cradle, and Zach beside the puppeteers’, where he was speaking to Radnich, of all people.
Gregory found Vincent at the front of the procession.
‘Did you learn anything from the stuff I pulled off Remy’s index?’ Gregory asked.
Vincent nodded grimly. ‘It’s worse than I ever imagined. We’ll speak of it after the funeral.’
The gypsy looked exhausted. His eyes were glazed over and they had deep and dark circles under them. Vincent caught Gregory staring, and smiled.
‘I went over Remy’s records at some speed,’ Vincent explained, ‘helped along by a few charms and potions… but even so, learning so much in so little time can take a lot out of a man… your Index was an invaluable help, so thank you.’
The procession struck up a melancholy chant as they began to climb a hill. It was short, and they sang the same quadruplet over and over.
‘What are they singing?’ Gregory asked Vincent.
‘It’s Romani, and simple. It translates thusly: ‘The petals of our lives have travelled the same breeze; depart now, mature flower, for the Source; we’ll shade the world with the colours that we’ve kept of you; take our shades so you may enrich the Mother.’
‘That’s beautiful.’
‘It’s ancient – the chant predates the tribes. Some say it’s four thousand years old.’
‘Is it?’
‘Who knows?’
 ‘I didn’t know gypsies were religious.’
‘They are not. Their traditions were set in stone long before the Shamanic texts were ever written. ‘
Something of the procession’s solemnity settled into everybody as they went down the other side of the hill and conversation faded away, but for the chant. 
Gregory had carefully avoided looking at the paper in the morning… there would be plenty of time to deal with the fallout of his boon. Seriously though, what had he been thinking?
If I remember right, said a part of his mind, there wasn’t much thinking going on yesterday. The pretty queen was all – ‘save my country, Hero’. And you were all – ‘Okay’.
Gregory had to admit this was true. He wondered if he could just go up to the Queen and tell her he’d changed his mind. Every part of him shrank from the thought – he’d look like a gigantic idiot… a coward… and he didn’t think he could bear the full weight of the Queen’s disappointed look. It would be spectacularly un-Heroic. And if he backed out now, they might never ask him to do anything ever again – the mere idea was awful beyond words.
Muchness… he had begun to quite like the word.
No, what he really wanted was a private word with Mango. Was she connected to Domremy like he was? 
‘You may tell no one…no one, Magus Gregory, about this gift. We call it the Communion,’ the Queen had impressed upon him last night. ‘You will not hint, allude, suggest, breathe or even talk in your sleep that you have it. It is secret. No book explains it, only a few legends speak of it… and that’s where everyone must believe it remains.’
‘I swear,’ Gregory had said at once.
‘Good. You may, however, speak to Magus Mango. She too is receiving Communion. Later, when there is time, the King and I will explain its function to you. Now, you will swear a magically binding oath, such that if you ever attempt to tell the secret of the Communion to someone who does not already know about it, the gift will leave you, and you will forget you ever had it.’
The oath had been sealed, not in a rune, but in a glyph, an ancient and potent magical command that no one now knew how to read, only how to use. 
He had not been able to get Mango alone though, so discussions would have to happen later. Still, the questions rattled about in his head: what did it even mean to be connected to the spirit of a nation? What in the world was a spirit of the nation? He could sense Domremy all around him now, a vast field of thaumic potential entangled with his own. It was just… there. If he pushed at it with his own thauma, it felt a little more substantial than air. What did it do? 
Almost as if Domremy had heard Gregory, his mana felt something resonate through that vast thauma. He stopped. 
‘What’s the matter?’ Vincent asked.
‘I’m not sure…argh!’ Some strange force ripped through Gregory’s mana, disorienting him.
‘Whoa there, boy! What’s the matter?’ Vincent barked.
‘Something… something’s happening,’ Gregory growled out.
‘Wha-’
The explosion cracked through the air – the whole procession gasped and screamed. 
‘The camp!’ cried out a few voices.
Gregory’s gaze found Vincent’s, and found his fear mirrored there. He mouthed - ‘Remy.’
Vincent grabbed Gregory’s hand. ‘Come.’ 
The two broke from the procession and sprinted downhill; others joined them. Gregory heard Mango and Zach shout his name… heard Vincent whistle… the narrow carpet scooped the two of them up into the air. They crested the hill beyond which the camp lay, and Gregory’s stomach plummeted. 
The explosion, whatever it had been, had annihilated the camp, radiating out from the centre.
‘Is that where you kept him?’ Gregory asked.
‘Yes,’ Vincent said, his voice harder than ice.
‘He killed himself?’
Vincent didn’t answer, but sped over the ruins. They heard a pained cry… Gregory couldn’t see where it had come from.
‘Garamond! Where are you?’
A brutal coughing cut another half-cry off. 
‘There!’ Gregory said – he’d seen the man, up in the broken branches of the tree. For a second, he wondered what had made the man flee up the tree – a spectre? The carpet drew up, and Gregory saw the man hadn’t climbed the tree… he’d been thrown into it… impaled onto a wooden limb.
‘Clown…’ Garamond wheezed.
‘Quiet,’ Vincent ordered. ‘Help is on its way.’
‘… the prisoner…’
‘I figured. Killed himself before we could get him to talk. It’s a blessing the camp emptied out for the funeral… but how did he do it?’
‘… no!’ Garamond said vehemently. ‘… not dead… saw him run.’
‘Remy’s alive?’ Gregory exclaimed. ‘How the hell could he have survived that blast?’
But Garamond wasn’t finished. ‘Vincent… the Tree… can’t let him…’
Vincent must have understood, because he went white. ‘Say no more.’ 
Broken wood strewn around the camp pulled themselves into a pile close to the tree… seconds later, they caught ablaze. Other carpets were cresting the hill now… the fire was to mark Garamond’s position, Gregory realised.
‘You’ll be fine-’
‘…it’s been an hour…GO!’ Garamond roared, and Vincent sped off. 
‘Greg!’ Mango and Zach were on one of the carpets. Gregory was about to shout to them, when he realised Vincent was flying directly at them. 
‘You’re friends of Gregory?’ Vincent barked.
‘Yes. What happen-’ Zach began.
Vincent cut him off, and flicked Zach a coin. ‘Get to his Uncle. Give him that token. Tell him to come to the Blood Bureau, and to bring an army.’
‘His uncle? What is-’
‘Zach, do it,’ Gregory said. ‘It’s serious. I’ll explain later.’
‘Okay, but-’
Gregory didn’t catch what Zach said – Vincent was already speeding towards the city. Vincent must have cast the invisibility spell – Gregory saw his fingers become translucent, then fade entirely: the effect was much more disconcerting in the day, especially when he could see the lake and land streak by below him.
‘That man – Garamond – he said it’s been an hour… but we only heard the blast five minutes ago. What did he mean?’ Gregory asked.
‘We poisoned Remy with a fast acting toxin to dissuade him from running off… but we also gave him an antidote which keeps the toxin dormant in his blood. The antidote wears off every three hours, and must be taken again, or the poison will kill him in minutes – we’re the only ones who have the antidote, which was last applied an hour ago – Remy has about two hours before the toxin kills him.’
Gregory shuddered – it sounded mercilessly gruesome, despite what he had seen in Remy’s basement. 
‘Why do you think Remy’s going to the Blood Bureau?’ Gregory asked the seemingly empty air next to him. The lake sped by underneath him, and the Spire loomed extraordinarily quickly – he was flying faster than he knew carpets could fly.
Vincent’s disembodied voice was empty, cold. ‘Your instinct was right – we found plans for the Blood Tree, the whole design process in the records you got off Remy’s Index. I finished going through them all only last night.’ 
‘What did you learn?’
‘Remember how I said the Blood Tree was a weapon? I figured so because of all the ways its information could be used. But I was wrong… in part.’
‘It’s not a weapon?’ Gregory said.
‘It is… You said the rune-linked Indexed, the refugees in Helika … their blood and mana sustains the tree, directs a portion of their magic to it… changes in their blood and health affect changes in their blood records in the Tree.’
‘But we already knew that.’
‘According to your Index, that’s not all it can do… it’s complex, but it boils down to this… within certain limitations… the Tree itself can affect change upon those linked to it.’ 
Vincent turned his fear-filled eyes to Gregory. ‘Do you see?’
It took a moment, and then icy understanding coursed through Gregory’s veins. 
‘You’re saying… that if Remy could curse the Tree somehow, then everybody linked to it would be…’
‘We’re here.’
The Tree, which Gregory had always thought beautiful, seemed almost sinister now. Gregory opened his mouth to warn Vincent about the barrier, but they flew right up to the trunk without a problem: had Remy disabled the barrier for some reason? 
There were few people about; it was Sunday.
‘Remy wouldn’t have reached yet, and he doesn’t know we know what the Tree can actually do… so that’s something. Still, have you any idea where the Tree’s command arrays are?’
The term was familiar; Gregory’s brain dug it out after a second: a conversation with Susannah…
‘Down there,’ Gregory said, pointing at the Tree’s roots, and Vincent took the carpet into a near vertical dive. 
It looked like a sleek filing system: instead of parchment in cubbyholes, there were rectangular cards of runewood, all carved with intricate runeflows, stacked in neat columns of different heights, into slots in the runewood trunk. There were hundreds of them.
Vincent jumped off the carpet and began drawing out and examining the card one at a time: to Gregory, the cards looked like they were dancing in and out of the slots all on their own. They were the only two people down here.
After a minute of the gypsy’s furious search, Gregory finally asked: ‘What are you looking for? Why do you think Remy’s coming here?’
Vincent answered without pausing in his search: ‘The Blood Tree has a very specific hidden purpose – to control… affect… and if necessary, kill those rune-linked to it. There is no way Domremy’s own Runemasters would have missed such a function, or, knowing it was possible, allowed it to be written into the Tree’s runeflows. They aren’t stupid… if the public even guessed that the tree could be so used … why, the Tree might never have been built at all.
‘There’s only one way Remy could have hidden the Tree’s function of murder – in a removable command array – runeflows on these removable cards. There are two possibilities: either he’s gone to fetch the card that gives him power to affect those runelinked to the Tree… or…’
‘Or he could have already put it in here when no one was looking,’ said Gregory. ‘… but you still haven’t said: why? Why would Remy want to kill a bunch of refugees?’
Vincent scoffed. ‘Remy’s a mere minion. His true master on the other hand…’
‘Is this the man from Brightapple again?’
‘I think so,’ said Vincent quietly, ‘though this unlike any plot I’ve ever seen him play.’
‘Then why do you think…’
‘There are magics in this world… old powers… that can be harness only by sacrifice,’ Vincent whispered. ‘Almost every murder I think he committed… there was an element of sacrifice… of death harnessed – like you saw at Remy’s. And like Remy’s, for the most part, I thought it was about absorbing the strength of the defeated.
‘But not at Brightapple… I examined the ritual he performed there, and it wasn’t about absorbing the strength of the dead. It was…how do I put this? It was as if he were hoarding strength… not within himself, but to some external vessel… I remember thinking, at the time, that such a thing wasn’t possible… Augusta Lovelace hadn’t made her discoveries in thaumic storage at the time… I remember being afraid of the potential he sought to unleash.
‘If my suspicions are right… then at the moment of killing, the thaumic potential of all those refugees will be siphoned off to some unknown vessel. And I know this much: we probably won’t like the purpose to which that potential will be directed. 
‘Remy is dying… escape from us means his death… and if he’s ready to die regardless… then he’d want to make sure his last hours were useful to his master – and the only goal that I can imagine him wanting to accomplish – it has something to do with the refugees in Helika.’
Gregory’s blood became colder with every sentence from the gypsy’s lips. What was it, this terrible vessel? Did Vincent really not know, or was he lying again? And what crazy sacrifice needed fifteen thousand lives to be kept at the ready? Who was Remy working for?
‘It could be,’ Vincent went on, ‘that I mistook Remy’s intent. He might not come here at all. Perhaps there is no murder to commit tonight… a skilled healer might be able to come up with an antidote in time, and he may know where one is. But we should nevertheless be prepared…’
Vincent trailed off.
‘How did Remy escape?’
‘I don’t know. I would guess a timed explosive that he somehow slipped past us… though I don’t miss such things, ever.’
‘Why’d you tell Zach to get Uncle Quincy? You’ve been hidden so long… Uncle Quincy will have many questions.’
‘There was a very specific message in the coin I gave your friend – Quincy is one of the few people in the world who could even read it… and it will let him know to not ask questions, but to hurry here, discretely, with many fighters he can bring. If he asks you anything, tell him you’re not allowed to explain… and that you really don’t know much. He doesn’t even need to know about me.’
He was peering intensely at a complicated looking runeflow Gregory couldn’t begin to read, and then he nodded.
‘This is it,’ Vincent said quietly.
‘The death runeflows?’ Gregory asked, heart in his mouth. The runeflows on the plank looked much simpler than the others Vincent had pulled out.
‘It allows for directing thaumic potential through the Tree’s rune-links, so yes. Any competent mage could write the runeflows necessary onto this… and channel magic through the Tree to the refugees.’
‘So if we take it away…’
‘The tree couldn’t be used as a weapon,’ Vincent said. ‘But there may be more.’ He went on pulling out the rune-planks and reading them. 
‘Do you think Remy’s got someone helping him?’ Gregory asked. 
‘No. We didn’t get to question him very long and Remy’s mind was well guarded. Still, we know he has no friends in Domremy who knew about his designs for the Tree… or his side project of necromancy.’
‘What about another tree? Have you heard of anyone else building a blood census?’ 
‘No… though that isn’t something we asked Remy,’ Vincent said. He paused for a second. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘Because, if I’d put all this effort into creating a weapon – I wouldn’t make just one,’ Gregory said grimly. ‘Whatever the Tree is for  - it’s important – and not making back-up plans would be careless.’
‘Clever,’ Vincent said slowly. ‘I’ll look into that, once were done here… in fact, I think I can...’ Vincent pulled something out of his robes – Gregory’s Index. A few barked commands later the Index had the runeflows of every array there.
‘Genius,’ muttered Vincent. ‘Now lets see…’ He began flipping through the copied runeflows. Every minute or so, he’d exclaim, and remove another rune-card from the array.
‘That’s all of them,’ Vincent said a short while later.
Gregory’s relief surprised him. It had felt as if he had watched Vincent cut away diseased, gangrenous limb.
‘I have to go,’ Vincent said, hopping onto the carpet. ‘Remy could still be coming. I’ll have to go see if we’re adequately prepared to meet him. I’ll speak to Quincy when he arrives – he won’t know me. Head on up… I’ll let him know to expect you. I’ll brief you on how it turns out later.’ Gregory nodded and Vincent sped up the Tree’s trunk.
Gregory climbed the runewood stairs to the main trunk. Halfway up, the invisibility charm Vincent had cast on him dissipated. It was quiet – apparently no one had any reason to be at the Tree on a Sunday evening. The thought warmed him– whatever it was Remy wanted to do, Gregory doubted that he’d let a crowd get in his way. The memory of the blasted camp and the shrivelled victims at the cottage flitted across his thoughts, and he winced.
He was surer than ever Remy had some sort of back-up option. If Gregory had been in his shoes, he’d have kept a second command array for backup, just in case the main array were damaged somehow…
Gregory’s brain hiccoughed.
… A second array for removable rune-cards… 
… Like the one Susannah had showed him in the Blood Tree’s control room…
Gregory looked up to where the Control Room was, and began to sprint up the Blood Tree’s spiralling stairs.
You’re overreacting, his brain told him. And you really need a carpet of your own.
Gregory ignored the voice in his head. He lungs and legs burned with the mad dash, but he could not stop… not if there was a slightest chance his sudden fear was justified.  The silence heartened him though – everything probably was all right. There was no sign of anyone here. He’d just check to satisfy himself… to make sure. 
Gasping raggedly for breath, and trying to do it as quietly as possible, he finally reached the landing outside the control room – which was empty and unlit. He saw no one there.
Gregory collapsed on to the floor, awash with sweat. His legs and lungs trembled, and he could have fallen asleep on that quiet landing. If fact, that was a really appealing idea. He’d just sit right there until Vincent or Uncle Quincy came to get him.
He hugged his knees and put his head down.
‘My legs are on fire,’ he muttered to himself.
‘Quite,’ said Remy.



CHAPTER 22
Dialogue With The Devil
‘Hallo there,’ Gregory said, and laughed nervously. ‘You scared me.’ 
‘Forgive me,’ Remy said. He stood quite close, looking down curiously at Gregory.
Blood pounded in his ears… could Remy see his shock? Where had he come from? How had he reached here so quickly? How had he slipped by everyone’s defences.
‘It’s alright,’ Gregory said with forced lightness. ‘We’ve never actually met, have we? Gregory Grey.’ He stuck out his hand.
‘Remy Schuyler. A pleasure.’ The necromancer’s hand was hot, as if he were burning with fever.
He got to his feet. ‘It’s just… you popped up very suddenly. Where were you?’
‘Inside,’ Remy said, pointing at the Control Room. ‘There was a runeflow I wanted to test on the Tree.’
Remy must have been invisible… dread welled up in Gregory’s chest; he fought it down. ‘Oh, anything interesting?’ 
He had to get in somehow… get in and remove Remy’s rune-card, without Remy following him in.
‘Oh, yes… a project I’ve been working on for a long time now… and I think it’s going to turn out wonderfully… you’ll see. Any moment now,’ Remy said happily. Gregory stared at him. Remy didn’t look like a man who had had his legs broken only two nights ago, or like a man who’d spent two days under invasive interrogation. 
Remy’s face was peaceful, his eyes bright, his hands delicately folded in front of him… he looked as if he were in a trance. 
The edge of the landing was only a few feet away; if Gregory pushed quickly and hard, would he be able to shove Remy off? The memory of the near-corpses in the basement, and Remy fighting Vincent flashed vividly through his mind… no: the gypsy might have overpowered Remy… but the necromancer would rip Gregory apart in less time than it took to blink.
‘And you? This is an odd place and time for you to be,’ Remy said pleasantly.
‘Mr. Coffey and his daughter,’ Gregory said, suddenly remembering that Susannah hadn’t been at the funeral because her father needed her at the Tree. ‘They invited me to an early dinner… but I turned up a little too early. They’ve got some work, so I thought I’d stroll around.’
Then his heart sank. 
Please let her not be here, he thought with dread, let her have left…
Where was Vincent? Where was Uncle Quincy and his army? Had Zach delivered Vincent’s message?
‘I see. Also, I suppose I should offer congratulations… Magus Gregory,’ Remy extended a thin hand.
‘What?… oh, right. Thanks.’ Remy’s hand was icy.
Come to think of it, he was actually closer to the door than Remy. He could just step in… he was still carrying his Aegis; if he could activate it on the door, Remy would be locked out.
‘Your boon was quite curious,’ Remy said.
‘Yeah…’ Gregory’s brain hiccoughed again. How had Remy heard about his boon? He’d been Vincent’s prisoner when Gregory had made it last night. ‘Yeah well, don’t tell anyone, but I only asked for it so they’d teach magic to all my friends at the orphanage.’
‘Admirable. Did you know I was raised in a foster home too? I more than appreciate your sentiment.’
‘Thanks.’
‘Officially the weirdest conversation-’ began Gregory’s brain and he yelled at it to shut up.
‘You’re welcome,’ Remy said. ‘Actually, you’re more than welcome to watch my project… I was just about to put the finishing touches.’ 
He’s gone mad, Gregory decided. No sane person would invite someone to witness what was presumably mass murder.
Then he remembered Remy was dying, so sanity might not figure highly in his mental states right now…
At any rate, he would be closer to the rune-card of death.
‘I’d love to,’ Gregory said.
He followed Remy into the dim room. Shining yellow runeflows streamed across the screens. Gregory’s eyes searched out the small stack of arrays in the corner of the room – they were all empty save one. 
How do I get you out of the room? Gregory wondered. Aloud, he asked, ‘What are you trying to do?’
‘Did you know,’ said Remy quietly, ‘that at the moment of death, your Will…. it doesn’t disperse all at once? I think it’s because it’s gotten too used to the shape of your body.’
‘Huh?’
‘You’re unfamiliar with the concept? I suppose you would be. Usually only advanced healers speak of such things. Though I hear you’re very well read… what do you know of what happens to your spirit, your Will, after you die?’
‘…I don’t know.’
‘It dissipates. Some say it returns to the primordial spirit from whence it came… the mother Will, from whom all other Wills are derived: the Wills of all animals, and all peoples, and yours, and mine. They say it is a most powerful thing…’
The necromancer looked almost melancholy.
‘We do know for sure that our bodies are containers within which our Wills grow… body and Will mold and enrich each other as we age... they become more potent… powerful…’
Gregory was a little irritated with himself – Remy was distracting him from what he needed to do. Not that Gregory had any chance of removing the rune-card – Remy was practically standing on top of it.
‘I can’t imagine people taking all that seriously,’ Gregory said, casting his eyes around for a distraction… any distraction.
‘No,’ Remy sighed. ‘That’s both a blessing and curse, I suppose. They don’t take it seriously, so they can’t live in the manner most beneficial to them. But if they did take it seriously, they’d scramble over themselves to possess that power… like piglets fighting for a turn at a sow’s teat.’
‘What’s all this got to do with your project anyway?’
‘In a sense, when you’re alive, it’s as if your Will dreams and grows, and when you finally die, your Will wakes… existing, briefly, as a separate entity from the world, caught between the physical and the spiritual… in a waking limbo.
‘In that brief moment of waking, before your Will dissipates… it could actually go anywhere… one could, if they wanted, point their will to a different direction, a different purpose.
‘But where do you send a powerful, life-enriched and unbound spirit? What other vessel could receive it?’
Vincent’s words from less than an hour ago echoed in Gregory’s head:
‘… magics in this world… old powers… that can be harnessed only by sacrifice… as if he were hoarding strength… thaumic potential… siphoned off to some unknown vessel…’
‘I don’t know,’ Gregory said.
‘No, you wouldn’t. Tell me, have you ever chosen to lose a fight, Magus Gregory?’
‘Yes.’
‘Then you know… that a fight deliberately, strategically lost, is victory disguised. A battle sacrificed so that the war is won, yes?’  Remy said.
Gregory nodded.
‘What if that choice was taken away from you? What if your Will was so imprisoned, that winning or losing didn’t matter… because you were only ever a pawn fighting someone else’s war.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Did you know that the world is at war?’
‘What war?’ Why was Remy telling him this? 
‘It’s the most important war that very few even know is being fought,’ Remy said. ‘An invasion no one can see, yet it’s fought every day, at every moment… and we are losing every battle… wouldn’t it be just – moral even – to set people free of their pretensions to choice… to harness their Wills for the greater good?’
Gregory said nothing. His ears strained… but there was no sound from outside the room.
‘To tell of it all would take too much time, and I don’t have much left. But I can tell you this – we needed a weapon… and that was my task… to build something more powerful than the world had ever seen.’
Remy caressed the control panel.  ‘So I built the Tree.’
And that’s when Gregory knew Remy intended to kill him – it was the only circumstance under which he would admit to the Tree’s true purpose.
Gregory forced a snort of derision, despite the terror suddenly coursing through his nerves - ‘The Tree’s a weapon?’
‘Human Will – thaumic energy – can be an exponential force – it’s powerful enough when confined to a single body… can you imagine how powerful it could be if many such Wills were wielded at once?’ Remy said, a wild light coming into his eyes. ‘What if you could wield fifteen thousand such powers?’
He looked expectantly at Gregory.
‘You mean the refugees in Helika… those rune-linked to the tree,’ Gregory said. 
‘Yes,’ Remy beamed. His hands were trembling… an effect of the poison?
‘But for you to… wield their Wills, they’d need to…’
‘To die, yes.’
Gregory dashed for the console: some forced picked him up and threw him into the wall across the room: the impact knocked the air out of his lungs: and when he could breathe again, he realised he was still pinned to the wall, a foot off the ground.
‘I’m sorry, Magus Gregory,’ Remy said.
Gregory summoned the power he had thrown at the spectre only two nights before: his thauma exploded against Remy’s; nothing happened…he was helpless against Remy’s necromantically enhanced strength.
‘Why?’ Gregory choked out in rage. ‘Why am I here?  Why not just tell me leave? What’s the point of telling me all this?’
‘I apologise, but this will be my life’s only truly great work. I shall die today… and I may die with no one ever knowing my role in the war. I wanted an audience… and I don’t want to die alone.’
‘You don’t have to die – you could just forget everything and leave!’ yelled Gregory. ‘And your plan’s stupid! You can’t kill fifteen thousand people without people noticing! Once they figure out how you used the Tree, they’ll destroy this precious weapon of yours!’
Remy looked amused.  ‘The Tree is only an idea given form. The true weapon was always the idea itself – to harness thaumic potential through rune-linking. The construct only looks like a tree because I like trees… I could have easily made it look like a big box, or a library.’
‘They won’t let anyone ever use… or build something like this again!’
‘True… but only if they find out. And they will never find out, because I’m going to destroy the Blood Tree as soon as its task is done… which shall be tonight.’
‘The Blood Tree falls and then a whole bunch of refugees die? They’ll figure out the connection at once. They’ll know the Tree caused it,’ Gregory spat, and then he remembered Director Coffey and Susannah – if they were still here when the Tree fell, they wouldn’t survive either. 
Remy smiled. ‘That depends on which they think is the cause… and which they think is the effect.’
Gregory’s jaw fell… and his fists clenched.
‘You’re going to make it look like… like something killed the refugees off... and without their magic to sustain it… the Tree collapsed,’ he whispered, at once horrified and admiring of the simple genius. ‘No one will suspect the Tree.’
‘Clever, isn’t it?’ Remy said, looking absurdly pleased with himself. ‘My idea. And if, for some reason, the Blood Tree itself can’t kill the refugees… there’s more than one way to skin a cat… speaking of which, I need to see how things are going on that end… they must be worried I haven’t been in touch. I must inform them the timetable will have to be sped up.’
The Scrying portal lit up at Remy’s approach. The necromancer placed something into the circle – a small white twig… no, a bone from someone’s finger. Was Remy calling his master? The man Vincent had hunted all these years… was that his finger-bone?
There was a shout from outside the room – Remy’s finger paused an inch away from the button that would link his mind to one hundreds of miles away.
‘Someone called for you, Magus Gregory… your friends?’ Remy said. ‘Excuse me, I’ll just be back. Hang around.’
The necromancer chuckled at his own little joke, and shimmered out of sight. 
The voice really had shouted Gregory’s name. Who was it? Vincent or Uncle Quincy? Vincent’s tracer, the one he’d put on Gregory at their first meeting… surely it would lead them to him? Susannah and her father didn’t even know he was here. 
Gregory blasted whatever force held him with his own thauma again, with the same results. Still he tried, with bellows of rage… and tried again, and again, with tears pouring down his face, till his magic ached unpleasantly… and still the bonds held him.
His exhaustion took him to despair – Susannah would die, and her father would die… Vincent would never get to know his son… Gregory would die without a single memory of his mother… beyond the mountains, Lesley Greene and everybody in her camp would die, unless he could warn them… 
The Scrying portal! Gregory realised… Lesley’s blood frond was still in his pocket… if only he could get free…
‘Let… me… GO!’ he roared, casting out with everything he had. His thauma strained so hard Gregory thought his magic would break… and it still wasn’t enough… when he felt something he’d felt only once before, less than a day before…
 An immense power flooded him: it was like drowning, if drowning could feel good, like falling into something vast and ancient and calm… Domremy, a country’s spirit… 
Whatever Remy had cast to hold Gregory, it broke – no human spell could stand such an onslaught. Gregory fell to the ground, scrambled to his feet, dashed to the door, pulled out the Aegis from his pocket, and fixed it to the open archway: the translucent golden barrier materialised: an instant later an immensely powerful spell crashed harmlessly into it… the barrier held.
Remy stood on the other side of the barrier, his ring channelling torrential spellfire… to no effect. The Tree drew power from the magic of fifteen thousand refugees – Remy couldn’t break it even if he absorbed the strength of a thousand men.
The torrent cut off abruptly.
That trancelike peace had left Remy’s face - it was twisted with rage and panic now.
‘How’d you break free?’ Remy demanded.
‘When I figure it out, I’ll let you know,’ Gregory said, his ears still roaring with Domremy’s power.
‘Open the door,’ Remy snarled.
Instead, Gregory turned and pulled out the solitary rune-card from the array tower. Remy’s eyes widened in shock. Turning back, Gregory broke the thin runewood over his knee.
‘No.’



CHAPTER 23
Dialogue With The Devil II
The necromancer looked beyond angry – he looked deranged.
‘You knew… the rune-card… how?’ Remy hissed.
‘It’s a long story,’ Gregory said. His heart was pounding, but he barely noticed it under the strain of the massive river of power that coursed through him.
‘Let me in, Magus Gregory… there is more at stake here than you’ll ever know,’ Remy said, his voice hard.
Gregory laughed hysterically. 
‘It’s more fun in here without you, to be honest. And the next time you want to make friends with someone… try asking their permission before you decide they’re going to die along with you. Let you in for what? So you can whack off fifteen thousand people? Convincing argument, that.’  
There was another great burst of spellfire – it’s sheer fury caused Gregory to stumble back… but the fire spent itself against the barrier, which held. Remy bared his teeth, and shimmered out of sight again.
His sudden departure sobered Gregory. He was safe in here… so what? There was no telling where Vincent or Uncle Quincy were. The trace Vincent had put on Gregory… it must have failed somehow. And they didn’t know that Remy was here – even if help came, the advantage was with the invisible Necromancer.
He was safe in here, and he was trapped in here. He tried to activate the control panel, but it wouldn’t respond – Remy must have made it so no one but him could work it now.
There was nothing he could do.
… but there was.
Gregory rushed into the Scrying portal. He put the strange white bone into his own pocket; and he put Lesley’s blood frond in its place, and he touched the button he’d seen Remy almost press to begin the Scrying, cringing in expectation of the almost painful collision of wills he’d felt last time.
It never came. 
His senses departed, all of them but his magic. He felt as if he were falling down a deep tunnel at great speed, a speed that gently slowed down as he approached… and he realised that this time, his Will hadn’t been magically flung across a vast distance: it had been carried there, by Domremy.
I like you, Gregory said to the nation-spirit.
He felt it again now, that mountain of otherworldly potential without Will, that forgotten but familiar presence, the wall that had nearly broken his mind the last time. 
It couldn’t do that now… he had the bigger stick, Gregory thought smugly.
‘Lesley Greene’, he cast his thoughts out at the wall. ‘Can you hear me?’
After a moment of silence…
How did you come by your new friend? She sounded astonished.
Somehow, Lesley could sense Domremy.
‘Quite by accident, but we’re getting along fabulously,’ Gregory said. ‘That’s a little less important right now. How do I put this… you’re going to DIE!’
Am I? 
‘Oh, not me, for Heavens sake! Look… just listen to me, and don’t interrupt! I don’t know how much time you’ll have to run… but you’ve got to run! Take everybody… the whole camp… get somewhere safe if you can!’
What-
‘The Blood Census… it’s not what they told it was – it’s a weapon... everyone rune-linked to the Blood Tree is marked for death… they mean to harness your Wills… I don’t know what they’re going to do with them… but I do know that they meant to do it soon – maybe tonight!’
How- 
‘I think I’ve slowed them down a little, but I don’t know for how long… I learnt of this less than two hours ago… only few others know… and we’re fighting to keep it from happening… but we may lose.
‘You must break all the rune-links on your end, quickly… but don’t break yours until I end the Scrying – I don’t want to be stuck here! And then you must run… once the Tree falls, we won’t be able to watch you… they could just kill you all on any pretext… and I think they mean to kill you anyway…
She was silent.
‘Please, Lesley. It sounds fantastic, and you’ll be at risk even if you run–’
I believe you.
‘–but you’re at certain risk if you stay – what?’
I believe you.  Things have happened… here… and they make sense only if your words are true. Is there anything else I must know?
‘No… I don’t think so. Just break the rune-links on your end.’
I will. I’ll go now. And if we do ever meet, I’ll owe you massive thanks.
‘Be safe!’
I will. Destroy the Blood Tree.
His senses returned to him more gently this time… he braced for the laughter, but it never came. He felt normal-ish. 
Domremy had brought him back as gently as it had taken him.
He felt incredibly light – as if he’d scored a great blow in a fight  – because, regardless of what happened, Remy’s plan for murder was almost certainly foiled. All Lesley had to do was get those rune-links off the refugees.
‘Greg?’ 
Susannah and her father stood outside the door, a frown on their faces 
Gregory’s insides twisted sickeningly. Where was Remy?
‘What are you doing in there, son?’ Asclepius Coffey-Sharada asked, his thumbs stuck into his belt. ‘Remy said a student had locked himself inside the room.’
Remy appeared then, right behind them. His benign smile didn’t reach his cold eyes. ‘I saw the Director passing down, and thought he could talk you out of this harmless mischief. A prank… but one, I think, that’s played itself to fruition. Come, Magus Gregory, such jokes hardly suit your new title. Let us in.’
And still Gregory stood frozen. His thoughts fractured into two terrible future realities. In one of them he gave in before Remy harmed Susannah and her father, but once Remy was in here, he could make another rune-card to replace the one Gregory had broken quickly enough; Lesley might live, but Gregory would have allowed thousands to perish. In the other, if Gregory stood his ground, and watched Remy hurt Susannah and Mr. Coffey… and he didn’t know if he could stand it.
‘Greg, drop the barrier,’ Susannah said crossly. 
‘I can’t.’
‘What do you mean, you can’t? This is stupid, Greg – you can’t pull stunts like this at the Tree!’ 
Gregory barely heard her words – he was looking at Director Coffey, who was acting very strangely. It was as if he’d been frozen in place, thumbs still stuck in his belt… but his face had gone crimson; his jaws flexed, but wouldn’t open; his eyes were wide and fearful; and his head was turning inexorably to the left.
Remy wasn’t even looking at the Director, but smiling pleasantly at Gregory… and the despair on Gregory’s face must have gotten through to Susannah, because she asked:
‘What’s the matter?’ Her voice was soft with kindness. She finally realised that he wasn’t looking at her, but behind her, and when she turned, she screamed.
‘Daddy!’
She shook her father by the arms; the Director barely moved, only his bulging eyes turned grotesquely to look at his daughter, his chin reaching behind his shoulder.
‘Help him,’ she shouted at Remy, who gave no sign he’d heard her, but kept his gaze fixed on Gregory.
‘Tell your friend to open the door,’ Remy said softly.
‘What are you doing?’ Susannah shrieked at Remy. ‘My father’s-’
Her words cut-off as she understood; and the look of fear on her face mirrored her father’s.
‘Tell your friend to drop the barrier,’ Remy repeated.
‘You let them go, I’ll drop it,’ Gregory said.
‘I don’t think so, Magus Gregory. This ends one of two ways – painlessly or painfully.’
‘Gregory… please… do as he says,’ Susannah begged.
‘You’re not going to kill them… or me either,’ Gregory snapped – he’d suddenly realised he had a bargaining chip, a flimsy one, but better than nothing.
‘I’m not?’
‘No, because I met your friends… the ones you keep in your basement,’ Gregory said.  
That shook Remy. 
‘You were the one that night? How… and that’s how you knew about the rune-cards… but no – you couldn’t have read it.’
‘The Index?’
Remy’s shock broke whatever grip he had on Director Coffey: who moved with a speed that should have been impossible for someone his size: an unseen force flung Susannah aside and off the landing: she fell out of sight with a scream: the Director roared out a curse: silver flames broke on Remy’s unflinching form, which only slashed something across the air.
The silver flames vanished.
Remy should have been screaming – he was horrifically burned, and Gregory could see his white bone of his jaw gleaming… but he made no sound, and Gregory wildly wondered whether the fire had killed him as he stood… but he stood, holding in his hands a thin and cruel looking sword streaked with blood.
The Director’s legs trembled... his knees buckled: and the vast man fell, his head rolling forward and off, hitting the runewood floor with a sickening thud, short jets of blood spurting from the headless neck… 
For a long moment, Gregory refused to believe his eyes.
Something stirred within the Director’s body; the air around it contorted strangely, distorting Gregory’s view of the large man. It looked as if something were leaving that prone form. Teeth bared, Remy drove his sword through the dead man’s chest, and uttered a spell Gregory couldn’t understand; like that night at the cottage, the spell felt wrong… like it shouldn’t be allowed.
Whatever it was that had been stirring in the Director’s body, it seemed to spasm; the strange distortion rose from the Director, crept up Remy’s blade, up the necromancer’s arm; Remy gasped; Gregory saw the charred flesh heal and knit, the melted face reform within seconds, and but for the blackened robes he wore, there was no sign the necromancer had ever been burned.
Remy turned to Gregory.
‘Drop the barrier, or I go look for your friend.’
‘I’ll drop the barrier,’ Gregory said, backing into the Scrying portal, fighting down the bile and shock rising in his chest. 
Remy’s hand flexed on the sword’s pommel.
Gregory forced himself to calm down… to focus… to think. He reached out with his thauma to the small device he’d planted at the door. All at once, he pulled at it, hard: it flew across the room as the golden barrier dissolved: Remy dashed in: the round iron disk smacked into Gregory’s hand: he slammed it into the portal’s arch: like before, the barrier re-materialised an instant before Remy’s spell reached Gregory.
The necromancer smiled mirthlessly.
‘You’re a slippery creature, Magus Gregory,’ he said, ‘but I could still go fetch your friend. Come out of there before I do.’
‘You’re not going anywhere,’ Gregory spat. ‘You’re dying… you’ve got about an hour at most… and I broke your rune card – you’ll have to carve another one if you want your weapon to work.’
‘The rune card will take me no time,’ Remy said. ‘I could be back in here with your friend in less than a minute.’
‘You don’t understand,’ Gregory said, managing a sick sort of sneer.  He brandished Lesley’s blood frond at Remy. ‘Look outside…’
‘What-’
Through the arch of the Control Room’s door, they saw shrivelled black fronds falling through the air.
‘While you were gone, I managed to Scry an Elder in Falstead Refugee Camp… they’re rioting the camp, breaking everybody’s rune-links right now.’
Remy’s face went white.
‘They might not be able to break all fifteen thousand runelinks… but they don’t need to,’ Gregory said. ‘They just need to break enough that the Tree can’t sustain itself… how much would that be? You need twelve thousand rune links for the tree to function… so they only need to break three to four thousand more, I think? You’ve got a race against time, Remy. Shouldn’t you start running?’
The necromancer snarled. Tables, strange instruments, papers and chairs scattered away from him. He knelt on the floor and began drawing a familiar circle of runes: a Scrying circle. Remy was very quick; the circle was ready in ten minutes, and Gregory kept quiet… hoping against hope that Remy had forgotten the one crucial detail….
He had.
Gregory nearly laughed with glee when Remy began patting at his robes frantically. His eyes finally darted in horror to where Gregory stood, safe behind the barrier.
‘Looking for this?’ Gregory said, holding out his open palm, in which a small white finger bone lay.
Remy screamed in frustration; black fire beat ineffectually against the golden barrier again. 
‘You’ve got forty-five minutes!’ Gregory yelled, and the fire stopped. 
Remy’s face was screwed up – he was crying in his desperation and rage. The necromancer might be insane, but his actions had to make sense to himself; and Gregory needed to know what Remy knew – he had to keep him off balance.
‘There’s only one thing for you to do: make the rune-card,’ Gregory said. ‘And we can talk – let’s talk about why I was at your home… you want to know, don’t you?’
Remy gathered his wits and pulled out a blank-rune card from a small cupboard. Shoulders hunched and tensed, he began to carve it. He seemed almost sullen, childlike. 
It was a startling change from the cold killer who had stood outside the door only minutes ago.
‘I though Asclepius Coffey was your friend,’ Gregory forced out.
‘He was… but poor Asclepius was never meant to survive my use of the Blood Tree. He knew too much of how I worked… he would have figured out how the Reflectives had truly perished.’
‘I saw you take Algernon… the night of the Voidmark. You were at the Caverns, weren’t you? Why did you take him in particular? Why then and there?’
Now that Gregory thought of it, how had Remy managed to get into the Cavern in the first place? That gigantic boulder had blocked the only way in and out of the Cavern.
For a moment, he thought Remy wouldn’t answer… then: ‘I call it the Den of Thieves… everybody you saw in my basement is there because they stole from me. Professor Algernon only lasted as long he did at the Cavern because his patent, on the filing system he says he designed, brings a lot of money to the Caverns. Pfah! He couldn’t design a cupboard to save his own life… so he stole my idea. I was his apprentice then – because no one else wanted to spend his or her time tutoring a charity case. I showed him my designs… he said he’d look them over. The twit put me off for five weeks, and one morning I heard he was throwing a party – he had just contracted a manufacturer to build filing cupboards based on his designs – my designs. He made me serve the guests at his party… didn’t acknowledge even once that I had anything to do with it… and they all told me how lucky I was to have such an accomplished Master.’
Dark rage choked Remy’s voice.
‘When I’d had enough, I went to tell him he couldn’t get away with it… that I’d tell everyone he’d stolen my works. He told me I’d gone mad, and that I was telling wicked lies… by the time I got home and came back to show the Queen the notes I’d made while designing, he’d already had me expelled – said he caught me stealing. No one would listen to me… my own grandmother went to her grave believing them. I took him then… because it was the most convenient time for him to disappear.’
Remy turned to stare at Gregory, his face hard. ‘You came to my house. Why?’
‘You called me,’ Gregory said. He pulled out the much-folded notice and showed it to Remy.
Remy looked confused for a second before incredulous understanding dawned on is face. 
‘You’re the kid Teacher lost?’
‘Your Teacher? He sent out that invitation?’
Remy ignored Gregory’s words. ‘That doesn’t make sense… if you’re the kid in the poster, then you can’t be the Grey’s kid… Teacher said you were taken from him.’
‘That’s one way to put it,’ Gregory said cryptically. 
He’d just realised that Remy had no idea how much Gregory did or didn’t know – the longer Gregory kept him talking, the more Remy might reveal.
‘What do you mean?’ Remy said.
‘Maybe your Teacher lied to you.’
‘He never lies to me,’ Remy snapped. ‘He doesn’t tell me everything… only things he thinks I need to know – but he never lies to me.’
‘Then you know what he wants from me… did he think you were important enough to know that?’
 ‘He said you have something of his… something he lost, something very important, and he thinks you found it, before you disappeared’
‘He didn’t tell you what it was?’
Remy’s face flushed. 
‘No. The man who came with you that night – who was he?’
‘A gypsy. I paid him to protect me-’
‘Don’t lie,’ Remy shouted. ‘That man wasn’t any gypsy! No gypsy could ever fight me and live! Don’t you dare lie – I haven’t got time for lies.’
The air rang with silence in the wake of Remy’s words.
‘Alright,’ Gregory said, weighing the odds of Remy telling anyone this in the little time he had to live. ‘He was Vincent Grey.’
‘Your father?’
‘Yes. He wanted to know why your Teacher wanted to find his son. How did you get so quickly from the camp to here?’ 
‘I flew.’
‘Without a carpet? Or an instrument?’
‘Let’s just say I had wings… and it’s a good habit to keep more than one instrument stashed away in case you ever need it,’ Remy said. ‘How did you learn to use the Index at my place?’
‘I have one of my own.’
‘They gave you an Index?’ 
‘The Queen’s gift… for saving the kids at Voidmark. It was your idea, wasn’t it? It’s amazing,’ Gregory said without pretence.
Remy looked at Gregory suspiciously.
‘Thanks,’ he said unsurely.
‘So that led you to building this weapon… the Tree, for your Teacher to use?’
‘Yes.’
Gregory could hear the pride in the necromancer’s voice.
‘What does your Teacher want with the spirits of fifteen thousand refugees – people you’ve never seen… people who have never harmed you… never stolen from you?’ 
‘You won’t understand. These people – their lives have no meaning. Their sacrifice to the war is the only thing that can ever give them meaning… and they’re not truly dying.’
‘Not dying?’
‘As soon as Teacher makes his use of them, they’ll all return to the Mother – we’re only fleeting manifestations of her spirit after all… as long as the Mother lives, none of us truly die.’
Remy truly was insane, Gregory decided. An insane religious nut.
‘Is that what your Teacher told you?’ he asked.
‘You don’t believe me… but it doesn’t matter,’ Remy said. ‘In time, when they know what we fought, and how we prevailed… Teacher and I will be known as heroes and protectors.’
‘What is this war you’re fighting? How do you know your Teacher is telling you the truth? If it turns out he lied… then what you’re doing – it’s murder. You’d just have been a pawn in whatever he’s scheming.’
‘You haven’t seen what I’ve seen.’ The rage had gone from Remy’s voice and face… he was once again in a trancelike peace. ‘Teacher showed me the shadows in which the war is fought, and I saw enough to believe him… and to believe in his methods. But even if there was no war, even if all this is just a scheme of Teacher’s, I’d still do his bidding. He’s given me too much. He taught me when no one else would… he listened to every idea I ever had, and he made them better… he never pretended my work was his… he gave me every tool I needed to become everything I ever could… he showed me how to conquer my every weakness. I’d sooner kill every soul on this planet than betray him.’  
‘Is this your Teacher’s finger?’ he asked, holding up Remy’s Scrying token. 
‘Why would I tell you that?’ Remy laughed. 
‘You didn’t know who it was in the missing person poster – I bet your Teacher doesn’t know either. You’re dying, and without you, your Teacher and I will have no connection left. He wants to find me… and I want to know who he is. The last thing you could ever do to help him, to serve him… is to help him get to me.’
Remy’s hands paused in the carving of the rune-card – Gregory realised with a jolt he was finished. 
‘Can I Scry him with this token?’ Gregory asked softly.
Remy nodded though he wouldn’t look at Gregory. 
‘You can use it to speak to him… and I have one final question of you, Magus Gregory.’
‘What is it?’
‘The evening of the Voidmark… you should not have survived the final spectre you faced. Yet you did, and even that spectre was vanquished. How did you do it?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘I said don’t lie to me-’
‘I really don’t know. Until you told me just now… I didn’t know I’d vanquished anything. I’m still not sure that was me.’ 
Remy’s gaze was impassive. ‘Alright then… and I think your efforts have paid off… a little.
Outside the door, silhouetted in the golden light of the day’s sun, withered fronds fell through the air in great numbers – Lesley had spread his warning.
Remy inserted the finished rune-card into the array.
‘The tree is still standing, Magus Gregory – let’s see how many refugees you managed to save.’



CHAPTER 24
A Hero Of Domremy
‘Don’t do this.’
Remy ignored Gregory.
‘Turn yourself over to the gypsies… they have the antidote – you could live,’ Gregory urged.
‘There are sacrifices worth dying for.’
The runewood screens came to life, runeflows flowing across them as Remy’s fingers played across the control panel. Gregory cast about desperately in his mind for any argument that might put Remy off his path of murder. 
‘If you kill the refugees, the Tree will collapse – with me in it! Your Teacher can’t reach me if I’m dead… you’ll have failed him!’
Remy shook his head, and said, ‘If you didn’t already know, that barrier device of yours is actually a shield – it’s called an Aegis. Press it to yourself, and it will form a shield around you… how were you expecting to survive, if you didn’t know that?’
‘Damn you, Remy!’
Gregory’s frustration nearly let his control collapse… the control that was holding back the raging horror brought on by Director Coffey’s death.
‘You’re quite clever, Magus Gregory, and brave, and resourceful’ Remy said with some melancholy. ‘I wish we had had you on our side – you would have been a tremendous asset to Teacher… but there are other brave and clever people…’
Silver fire flamed through the doorway – for a wild moment, Gregory wondered if the Director lived – then he heard the scream of fury on the other side of the fire: it was a woman. But the fire did not touch Remy – some shield seemed to absorb it, and it grew brighter as it drank the fire, surrounding Remy in a halo.
‘You asked how I got here so quickly, Magus Gregory?’ Remy asked, not even looking outside. ‘Watch.’
A bolt of black energy fired out of Remy’s ring – the same bolt Remy had fired at Gregory back in the cottage; the silver fire abruptly cut off as it’s caster spun aside to avoid the curse in a whirl of silver robes; the bolt hit the floor of the landing near the door, where a massive circle of dark red fire bloomed.
Something rose out of the fire – a spectre… but not one made of flesh, like the ones at the Cavern, or the one at the cottage… it looked like smoke made solid, and with shock, Gregory recognised its shape – he’d seen its shadow in the Caverns, dragging Professor Algernon away, its clawed hand had pierced through Gregory’s chest. It was taller than two grown men; two eyes of bright white light shone out of it’s head; it was thin for it’s height, and with impossibly long arms – arms that now reached for the woman in silver.
‘I rode on it’s back,’ Remy said with a smirk.
Absurdly, the necromancer was actually showing off.
A flurry of curses hit the abomination out of nowhere; the woman dodged the spectre’s swipe; several mages hit the landing; Gregory spotted his father’s carpet, and heard a shout – Uncle Quincy was here too.
Help had finally arrived.
The spectre roared, but not just in ear-deafening sound; pain struck Gregory’s magic – it felt like bright lights blazed in his eyes; like pins pierced his whole body; like his tongue tasted and his nose smelt something sharp and rotten. In the mere second before Domremy’s protective magic broke the assault, Gregory collapsed to the floor in agony. The fighters outside didn’t have Domremy to protect them though: those who went down, stayed down. Only a couple were truly fighting anymore; rather, they were trying desperately to keep the spectre off their comrades.
‘It won’t hold them off for long,’ Remy said, ‘but it will be as long as the curse ne-’
The necromancer lurched and fell to the floor with a cry of pain, clutching at his chest: the antidote had finally worn off.  Remy began to shake, but he found the strength to cast a final spell: the control panel collapsed as if crushed by a great force. 
‘I’m almost done... but it doesn’t matter… in few minutes… the Tree will kill anyone still rune-linked… Teacher’s weapon will work… they couldn’t turn it off if they wanted to…’
Remy smiled sickly at the furious, despairing boy still fallen behind the golden barrier… and it was his despair that made Gregory seize at a fantastic idea… an idea that he was somehow certain would work.
‘I never told you how I broke the bonds you cast on me,’ Gregory said breathlessly, putting his palms flat on the floor of the Scrying portal.
Remy’s eyes narrowed.
Gregory reached out with his magic to that vast and ancient presence entangled with his own thauma, and he filled his mind and Will with a single purpose, a single message:
… the Tree is murder… destroy the Tree… the Tree is murder… destroy the Tree…
For the briefest second, he thought Domremy hadn’t heard.
Domremy had.
The sensation of drowning returned… he gasped, and the air around him distorted, but he could still see Remy – the dying necromancer’s eyes were wide with shock.
The nation’s Will coursed through him and into the runewood, more powerful than he could have ever imagined… in seconds, the whole Tree was saturated with it – it felt as if he were holding the great hunk of runewood in his magic…
To his surprise, Gregory could even feel Remy’s runeflow commands channelling a powerful curse to the blood fronds – nearly all of them were affected: in less than a minute, the Tree would have been able to kill all the rune-linked.
Gregory wouldn’t let it: he seized the Tree’s magic and wrenched.
Remy cried out in shock; a wave of pure power pulsed out of the trunk: it caught the great spectre outside and swept it off the landing as if it were an insect – the wraith dissipated with another painful roar; the blast threw the fighters.
The trunk instantly lost its pure white color and turned a dark grey: the golden barrier dissolved into nothingness; there was no power to draw from the runewood; Gregory had expelled every thauma of magic in the Blood Tree.
‘How?’ Remy asked in wonder.
‘I am Domremy’s Hero.’
Understanding lit the necromancer’s eyes, and then it was gone – Remy had succumbed to the poison.
Thousands of blood fronds withered and fell at once in a black rain; Gregory felt the construct shake almost as unpleasantly as a quake: it was collapsing, dying. The Blood Tree’s death-throes had not gone unnoticed: already the people outside the landing were taking off; Gregory saw the woman in silver streak away on her carpet… but someone had stayed, for they shouted:
‘GREGORY!’
There were two voices.
‘Here!’
He pulled the Aegis off the door. For a wild moment, he thought he saw the sunset reverse itself… then he realised that the Tree was tilting, collapsing under it’s own weight, its trunk shattering; no mere wood could sustain such a massive body without magic.
Deep below his feet, he felt the Blood Tree’s trunk strain and then break with an almighty crack: the violent snap sent Gregory flying: he was flung straight out of the Control Room’s archway.
He did not fall on the landing – it was already falling away from him, sloping down as the Blood Tree fell: he hit it and skidded down the three feet to its edge: and off into the hundreds of feet of air between him and the ground: yelling, he fell with the rain of withered black blood fronds. 
A shadow crossed him – someone was falling with him – no – flying: Vincent and Quincy were in a vertical dive on Vincent’s narrow carpet: the carpet swooped under Gregory and scooped him up: it banked sharply, heading for the thin horizon of daylight that was rapidly disappearing between the ground and the Tree’s gigantic falling canopy… they weren’t going to make it.
Gregory pressed his hand to his chest – he still held the Aegis: the translucent golden shield bloomed into a sphere around the carpet; a great dead grey limb struck it; swatting the shield and it’s precious cargo down: in a wild tangle of limbs and yells, the trio crashed into the ground, which exploded around them.
And still the Blood Tree fell, its massive, ruined form magnificent in death: the great trunk hit the ground, which shuddered as strongly as in any quake: and then it moved no more: there was only a soft silence, filled with the sound of dust and blackened leaves settling back to the ground.
The golden shield flickered out.
Vincent stirred at once – the gypsy was unmasked – the second he was sure that nothing more was going to break on their heads, he seized Gregory.
‘Greg! Are you all right? Are you hurt? Say something!’
‘Something,’ Gregory coughed. Nothing felt broken.
The gypsy cried out in joy and pulled Gregory into a powerful embrace. Gregory hugged him back without thinking. He did not know when it happened, but as the fear and fight left him, he began to cry in great, shuddering and steadying sobs; he buried his face in Vincent’s shoulder, and the older man murmured soothing words.
Then Gregory remembered and pulled back with a gasp, wiping his dusty, tear streaked face.
‘Susannah! Is she alright?’
‘The girl is fine,’ Uncle Quincy quickly reassured him. ‘She’s with her mother.’
‘Her mother?’
‘Yes, Priyanka Sharada-Coffey turned up just before that great spectre did,’ Quincy said. ‘I saw her cast some sort of silver fire, though I don’t know at whom.’
‘Remy – he killed Director Coffey – Susannah must have told her.’
‘Where’s Remy? Is he-’ Vincent began sharply.
‘He’s dead from the poison,’ said Gregory. ‘And his plan – the curse – failed… the refugees are safe, for now at least.’
He quickly spoke of everything that had happened after Vincent had left him at the array towers; how Remy had gotten here so quickly; Remy’s hints of other backup plans to murder the refugees, and that he had managed to contact the refugees using a blood frond and got them to break the rune-links (he did not tell them it had been Lesley, though Vincent may have suspected it); and that he had told them to run; and he told Vincent what little Remy had said of the man he called ‘Teacher’. 
Uncle Quincy listened to all this with an entirely bewildered expression, but did not interrupt Gregory until he was done.
‘But… how did the Tree break?’ he asked
Gregory, bound by his oath not to tell others about the Communion, thought of lying, but for once, the truth was simpler.
‘I know… but I cannot tell you. I can, however, tell the Thrones.’
‘Huh?’
‘Hero business,’ Gregory said cryptically.
‘Right.’ Uncle Quincy looked amused.
Once Gregory was done, Vincent sprang to his feet. 
‘I must go,’ he said, hopping onto his carpet. ‘There are some things I must check immediately. Gregory, answer Quincy’s questions… as much as you feel like saying.’
‘Wait.’
The gypsy turned and looked back.
As Gregory had been speaking, he had also been putting the Aegis amulet back into his pocket, when his fingers had touched something inside his pockets: he broke it into two and pulled out one half of Remy’s Scrying token – the finger-bone.
‘Remy was going to use this to contact his ‘Teacher’,’ Gregory said. ‘You think you might learn something from it?’
‘I’m certain I will,’ Vincent said, taking the white token from Gregory. That Vincent took it and not Uncle Quincy told Gregory that the gypsy outranked even the Commander of the Throne’s Watch, and that Uncle Quincy knew it.
‘And there’s one more thing.’ 
Gregory took a deep breath and said somewhat formally: 
‘You’re my father… and I’m going to call you Dad.’
The gypsy looked stunned, and then broke into a beaming smile. 
‘Take care… son,’ Vincent said, and zoomed off.
Giddy warmth took Gregory and he laughed out loud, and then turned melancholy.
‘What is it,’ Uncle Quincy asked.
‘Nothing.’ He’d just realised that without the blood frond, he had no way of getting in touch with Lesley Greene again.
Gregory and Uncle Quincy emerged from the ruins of the Blood Tree a few minutes later. Healers who had arrived at the scene immediately swooped down on them.
A crowd had begun to gather. Uncle Quincy made sure no one saw Gregory. A few quick and quiet words with a Healer saw Gregory in a tent with Susannah and Priyanka Sharada-Coffey. Uncle Quincy said he had to check on things outside, and left the tent.
Both mother and daughter were haggard.  Susannah’s leg was in a cast. Gregory blinked back the sudden burning at the corners of his eyes. Only moments ago he had cried into his father’s shoulder, but that had been out of shock – now, he had no idea what to say to Susannah or her mother. 
‘Are you hurt?’ Susannah asked tonelessly.
‘No.’ 
She nodded, and stared at him without expression.
‘I’m so sorry,’ Gregory said. 
‘Did Remy get what he wanted?’ Priyanka Sharada-Coffey asked.
‘No. I saw him die, and I broke the Tree before his… plan worked out.’
‘Thank you. Will you tell us about it?’
Gregory knelt and touched Susannah’s hand; she clasped his fingers. 
‘I will. I’ll tell you everything,’ Gregory said. ‘But not at once, I think. Is it alright if I told you in a day or two?’
She nodded, and then her finger tightened into a vice strong enough to make him wince. 
‘Was it your fault?’
Susannah’s voice was as hard as her eyes, just as her mother’s were. Gregory suppressed a shudder.
‘No,’ he said.
‘Alright.’
Her grip loosened somewhat, but she still held his hand.
‘If you don’t mind me asking,’ Gregory said to Priyanka Sharada-Coffey, ‘how did you know what was happening?’
She held up a left hand. Her silver wedding ring, which had once held a sparkling sapphire, held only a shard of the gem now.
‘When Asclepius passed, the stone shattered. I knew something terrible had happened… and I knew that Susannah was with him. I flew out at once. The Familial Path – a spell that lets our family know where each of us is – took me straight to Susannah. She told me Remy had attacked Mr. Coffey… and… and I realised she didn’t yet know that… anyway, I got her out of there and hid her. Then I came back for Remy.’
‘Do you know why he tried to throw me off the landing? Was it just to distract my father?’ Susannah asked.
‘What?’ Gregory said, confused. ‘Remy didn’t throw you – your father did.’
The women looked startled.
‘I think he wanted to get you away from the fight,’ Gregory said. ‘It was almost the fastest casting I’d ever seen – four spells in a row I think – clearing you off the landing, cushioning your fall, putting you to sleep, and turning you invisible.’
‘You mean… if he hadn’t been so focused on me,’ Susannah said with a quaver, ‘he’d may have won the fight?’
Her mother quieted her at once. 
‘No! You’re not to think that way,’ she cried. ‘This not your fault.’
‘But… if I…’ Susannah began to choke, her face crumpling.
‘Remy was a necromancer!’ 
Gregory had not intended to shout, but he had – and it got through to Susannah.
‘You can’t tell anyone yet, I think,’ he said more gently, ‘but I know for a fact that he’d been feeding on the Wills of over a dozen people. The only thing your Dad could have done against him was make sure you were safe… if you had been around, he would have killed you too.’
They looked at him in horror, but at least Susannah did not think it was her fault anymore
There was nothing left to say, so the three of them sat together in silence. A little later, a Healer came and gave Gregory a thorough and probing look over. He had suffered nothing worse than bruises, so he was only given a potion to take before sleeping.
Minutes later, Uncle Quincy returned. 
‘Priyanka,’ he said gently. ‘They’re ready to take Asclepius to the hospice… would you and Susannah like to go with them?’
‘Yes.’
So a carpet came in; Susannah was levitated onto it. Before flying off, she turned to Gregory and said:
‘We’ll let you know when the funeral is. You will come?’
‘Of course I will,’ Gregory said at once.
Once Susannah and her mother left, Uncle Quincy turned to Gregory.
‘I’ve got my team handling things here,’ he said. ‘The healer said you were cleared. Shall we go home?’
Fifteen minutes later Gregory was at home, tucking into a small bowl of hot stew – all that he thought he could stomach – but he knew he was going to need it. Uncle Quincy made certain he ate it, and Johanna, who knew nothing, but sensed something was greatly wrong, fussed about her cousin, fixing the cushions at his back and fetching him some mild lemonade.
It was strange to see the sky outside was still light, when so much had happened.
Once Gregory was done, Uncle Quincy said:
‘Jo, darling… I must speak to Gregory alone for a bit. Can we have the room?’
Johanna looked puzzled but gave Gregory a kiss on the cheek, and sternly warned her father that under no circumstances was he to scold her cousin brother. Uncle Quincy promised and she skipped off to her own room.
Uncle Quincy though, looked somewhat at a loss at where to begin, so Gregory started off:
‘Zach and Mango gave you… Dad’s token?’
The word felt very strange on his tongue. He would have to get used to it.
‘Yes,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘They were quite agitated… and I was quite surprised when they flew up to the house with a bunch of gypsies. Luckily I was home.’
‘What does the token mean?’
‘It’s a secret signal… whoever carries it is recognised, by a select few people, as someone in direct and personal service to Domremy’s Throne. Zach told me to take it… and that the gypsy who gave this to him had instructed me to bring a hidden army to the tree… and that you were with the gypsy. I got the best of the Watch together and was there in less than twenty minutes. I was invisible, but Vincent must have used the token to find me… though he was Obscured at first.
‘He’d already set up some preliminary traps. He told me that a powerful necromancer was headed for the tree, and that you were making your way up the trunk. We set up an invisible perimeter at once – nothing could have pierced it without us knowing – but we were to do nothing unless we found the necromancer’s specific thaumic signature… it never occurred to anybody that he might already be at the Tree.
‘When we thought the trap was perfectly set, we waited. Fifteen minutes or so passed, and Vincent began to get agitated.’
‘How come you didn’t hear Susannah scream when she fell off?’
‘Remy must have obscured sight and sound around your little skirmish, because we heard and saw nothing… no one imagined he’d already be there. When a little more time had passed, Vincent thought to check on you. Minutes later he told me he couldn’t find you – we immediately did a broad sweep of the Tree, but you were well hidden from our sight. We’d begun to check every nook and cranny, when Priyanka flew in straight to her daughter – the fall had not hurt her, and she was asleep when found… she’d been hidden from our sight. Susannah must have told her mother what happened, because an instant later, Mrs. Coffey was flying up to the landing… she cast her fire… and you know the rest.’
Gregory nodded. 
‘Can I hear your side now, Greg?’ Uncle Quincy asked. ‘Will you tell me what you know of this affair?’ 
So Gregory told him.
He told Uncle Quincy of his long obsession with his own parentage; how he had pestered the Director and the Bobbin for information throughout his time at the orphanage; how he’d felt when he’d received the letter.
He spoke of smuggling out his parent’s school records, and combing through their grades, achievements, punishments and portraits; and how reading their thesis and declaration of intent to do joint research on gypsy influence had given him the idea to trace out their journeys.
He outlined his painstaking drawing up of the maps of gypsy movement across Eurasia, and matching Vincent and Vera’s travel records to those movements… he actually got the hand-drawn maps from his room and showed them to Uncle Quincy, who looked over them with great interest. He described how drawing the maps had led him to realise that prior to their disappearance, Vincent and Vera had covered practically every major tribe in Europe.
He reminded Uncle Quincy of his belief that there was a chance his parents were alive, and how that assumption to led him to further speculate that Vincent and Vera might still be out there, travelling with gypsies: and how that led him to try and identify all gypsy movement around the date he had been left at the orphanage – leading to Brightapple.
Here Gregory’s account of his investigation diverged from the truth a little: Gregory had thought about it and decided there was no need tell anyone at all about Lesley Greene, and his reasons for Scrying her. 
So he spoke of recognising the name, Brightapple, and remembering seeing it inscribed within a book on magical botany and bestiary given to him by the grey-eyed gypsy: of knowing that that very camp was coming to town, and making up his mind to confront the gypsy; and filling the wait for the gypsy’s arrival in Domremy by looking for more information on Brightapple – which had led him to the suspicious missing person’s notice with his face on it.
He narrated the story of confronting Vincent, who had confessed, and of Vincent’s investigation of the poster, which had led them to Remy’s cottage: the necromancy and the Index they had found there; he accounted Remy’s capture to Uncle Quincy, and of Vincent’s subsequent fear that a practicing necromancer would involve himself with the Blood Tree only to use it as a source of power: how Remy’s Index’s records had revealed a plan far more sinister; which had hastened them to stop the necromancer after his escape from the camp.
He spoke of Vincent’s reasoning of how the Tree would most likely be used; of removing rune-cards from the arrays; and of Vincent setting off to set the trap for Remy, not realising that the necromancer was already at the Tree.
‘You know the rest,’ Gregory said finally. 
Uncle Quincy had listened to it all with his fingers steepled and his eyes fixed on his nephew, utterly silent; now, he shook his head in wonder.
‘Vincent and Vera travelling with gypsies,’ Uncle Quincy said. ‘I would never have guessed it… but in retrospect, it’s such an obvious thought – I’ll have to keep it in mind for my future investigations… or maybe I should just come to you – after all, your research is utterly brilliant.’
‘Thanks,’ Gregory said.
He fidgeted nervously. His Uncle’s praise was sincere, but his face was sad.
‘But there’s something more important I’d like to ask you,’ Uncle Quincy went on. ‘Did you, at any point, speak to anyone of your efforts – your search?’
Gregory shook his head. ‘A little, but not much.’
‘If you don’t mind, can I ask why?’
‘I didn’t actually think I’d find anything at first,’ Gregory said, ‘… and when I did, I figured if I’d found out this much, I might as well go ahead and see how much more I could do on my own’
‘Not even your friends knew?’
‘I did think about it, but it felt weird,’ he said. ‘I’ve known them only six weeks… and they’re great, but when I started out looking for Dad… well, it’s not like we were the best of friends then.’
‘Are you going to tell them now?’ Uncle Quincy.
Gregory nodded.
‘Susannah and her mum deserve to know; only some of it… not everything. I don’t think the Queen will be too happy if I let on about the Index… and Dad won’t like if I went around letting on about a secret war no one knows about. I’ll tell them about the Tree though, and that Remy wanted to use it as a weapon… and how he wanted to do it.’
‘That’s reasonable,’ said Uncle Quincy. ‘It’s what we’re most likely going to tell the news.’
Uncle Quincy’s expression turned sombre then, if not stern.
‘I won’t lecture you on the dangers you exposed yourself to,’ Uncle Quincy said quietly. ‘It would only make you resentful… though I will admit I’m unhappy about it. 
‘But there are consequences to acting alone, Gregory. Things might have worked out well this time… but I know that you understand that few things are certain, and you must admit things might have easily gone wrong  – you had no way knowing beforehand how dangerous any of your adventures could get.
‘So I’d like you to promise me one thing, and it’s extremely important – that the next time you seek out potentially dangerous adventures – at least one other person will know – and that person should be able to contact me upon the instant should things get out of hand.’
Gregory remembered the alert letter he’d torn up the morning of his adventure with his father, and suppressing a sudden urge to grin, he nodded.
‘How about I leave you a timed note the next time me and Dad go out to hunt necromancers?’
Uncle Quincy’s mouth twitched into a small smile.
‘That will work.’



CHAPTER 25
Loose Ends
The next morning, Gregory and Uncle Quincy met Susannah, Priyanka Sharada-Coffey, Zach and Mango in a closed, private room within the Hanging Palace of Occilox. Gregory had been nervous enough about the meeting, Uncle Quincy’s news had only intensified the sickness in his stomach.
‘I despatched a detail of men to Gimmel Hamlet last night to rescue Remy’s victims, but there must have been some kind of failsafe built into place, a cursed fire… it must have happened as soon as Remy died. There’s no trace that there ever was anybody at all in the basement…’
Zach and Mango looked worried; they sat close to Susannah, holding her hand and patting her shoulder. Susannah must have not slept; she looked bleak and shrunken. Priyanka Sharada-Coffey didn’t look much better. Gregory and Uncle Quincy sat across a small circular table from them; they looked grave and unhappy.
‘You asked me yesterday if your father’s death was my fault,’ Gregory said. ‘At the time, I didn’t think so, but now I’m not so sure. Remy told me that he’d always planned … that he’d never meant to leave your father alive. Listen to my story, and then… then you can let me know if I’m to blame.’
Though he was fearful of what he might see in her eyes, Susannah’s expression had not changed. She merely blinked.
Uncle Quincy leaned forward.
‘What you are about to hear is secret. You may not repeat it within the hearing of anyone outside of those present here today. Before Gregory begins, I must ask all you to submit to an Oath of Secrecy. If you do not wish to take this Oath, then please leave the room now.’
No one left. At Uncle Quincy’s bidding, everyone but Gregory took his hands. With an ancient and musical chant, Uncle Quincy bound them; thin yellow threads of light crept around their wrists, drawing the same sombre glyph the Queen had used on Gregory to seal the secret of his Communion, which then vanished.
‘It’s done. Gregory, you may begin…’
Gregory took a deep breath.
‘For as long as I can remember, I’d longed find my parents…’
He told them the story as he had told it to Uncle Quincy the night before, and left Lesley Greene entirely out of it. Zach and Mango gasped and exclaimed along. Susannah merely frowned at some points but otherwise listened without comment. Her mother on the other hand kept up a stream of probing and angry questions – Gregory answered her as best as he could.
An hour later he was finished and the room fell silent. Sometime during the end of his telling, Susannah’s eyes had begun to tear silently, and she had closed them. ‘It wasn’t your fault,’ she said finally, and nothing more. Her hands, though, clenched hard around Mango’s, who winced.
‘She’s right. Thank you, Gregory,’ Priyanka Sharada-Coffey said. ‘Asclepius would have been glad that you managed to save the people you did… he valued the sanctity of life more than anything else… he would have told you that you had done the right thing. We won’t grudge you for seeking your past and your parents… the blame here lies with Remy, and whoever guided his hand. I suppose it hardly needs to be said, but I formally absolve you of any responsibility for my husband’s demise.’
‘Thank you,’ Gregory said; it took everything for him to conceal his relief; he’d been terrified going into this meeting.
The Coffeys stood. ‘We must go now,’ Priyanka Sharada-Coffey said. ‘I must put Asclepius’ affairs in order, and prepare for his funeral…’
‘Can we help?’
Mango looked surprised, as if she hadn’t realised she had spoken.
‘Help?’
‘There must be things we could do… for the funeral, I mean, or anything really.’
‘Yes. Yes, of course. Susannah, you’d like that, wouldn’t you?’
‘I suppose,’ Susannah said, startled. ‘Do you boys want…’
‘’Course we do,’ Zach said, and Gregory nodded enthusiastically.
A room was found for Gregory, Zach, Mango and Susannah to sleep in at the Hospice, a peaceful complex of white buildings, where Asclepius Coffey-Sharada had worked for most of his life. Clothes and toiletries were brought from home, and the impromptu dormitory quickly settled into an ordered chaos.
Asclepius Coffey-Sharada’s final resting place was Drowsy Dale, where the trees fought the graves for possession of the ground. The trees never lost; every grave or headstone, however grand or sprawling, would eventually and slowly find itself shrouded by leaf, root and weed; its location remembered only by the grace of those who had once loved the dead. Susannah’s father would rest in a stone and earthen hut, smaller than a shed; its walls were to be frescoed in tokens and letters from the man’s friends and family.
Funerals took a lot of seeing to, and Priyanka Sharada-Coffey put them to work at once. By the time Gregory, Zach and Mango had set up their respective corners, Susannah and her mother had drawn up a list of invitees, and purchased a large order of sombre invitation cards from Manrara’s. They spent the rest of the afternoon writing names and addressing the cards. They worked just like the nomination cards that had been sent to the would-be knights: the names of those who accepted the invitation would turn green or red, depending on which square was touched.
When they were halfway through, Zach exclaimed:
‘Woah!’
‘What?’ Gregory asked, looking up from the card he was addressing.
‘I just realised something – August is nearly over, which means Prep is nearly over – we start at the Cavern for real in less than two weeks!’
‘Term starts on the sixth of September… Great Snakes, you’re right!’ Mango said. ‘Time’s just flown!’
‘Wait… if term starts on the sixth of September, then when’s the House auction?’ Gregory asked.
‘It’s on the tenth,’ Susannah said. ‘We’ll spend the week being interviewed and getting to know the tutors.’
‘Do you have favourite houses, then?’
‘Not really,’ Zach said, at the same time that Mango said ‘Fenrir’ and Susannah said ‘Phoenix.’
‘What’s the difference?’ Gregory asked.
‘Well, it’s kind of funny, but what kind of person you are before you’re auctioned doesn’t seem to matter much,’ Susannah said. ‘Once you’re in a House though, you start wearing that House’s colours, so to speak.’
‘Yeah. Fenrir has a reputation for churning out the strong and silent types,’ Mango said. ‘Phoenix gets the studious company-mages.’
‘The cats at Felix have got the whole ‘devil-may-care’ thing down perfect,’ Zach said.
‘And Phorcys?’ Gregory asked.
‘The loonies,’ Zach, Mango and Susannah said promptly, and burst out laughing.
‘They are mysterious, inscrutable, and impossible,’ Zach said. ‘No one knows exactly what they get upto or why… they can be somewhat scary. I think Felix has the greatest number of points this time around.’
‘I heard that too-’ Mango began, but just then the door opened and Priyanka Sharada-Coffey looked in crossly.
‘Those cards need to be done by tonight, and while I don’t mind you gossiping, please don’t slow down.’
‘Yes, ma’am,’ the foursome chorused.
The cards were sent out the first thing next morning. The invitees had twenty-four hours to respond; in the meantime, they were relatively free. Susannah would deliver the eulogy, so she busied herself writing it. Gregory was sorely missing his Index; Vincent still had it, and he’d entirely forgotten to ask for it. Still, he made a quick trip to the Wormhole, and with Reese the assistant-librarian’s help, managed to find a compilation of famous eulogies. He took it back to Susannah, and together, they picked through it for tips and tricks.
At eleven in the morning though, they realised something was afoot, so they left their room to investigate. A great commotion raged in the Hospice’s lobby, and Healers, nurses and orderlies waved the day’s rolled up newspapers in great excitement.
Mango seized a rushing nurse. ‘What the hullabaloo about?’
‘The refugees! The King’s sending reinforcements!’
Mango and the others gaped at him. ‘What? We’ve… we’ve really declared war?’
‘No, silly! Haven’t you heard? They made a break for the border, the refugees did – surprised the Helikan Guard from behind! They’re holed up in no man’s land now, at Virgin’s Pass!’
‘How’d they escape the camp?’ Mango demanded, but the nurse had rushed off. ‘What’s going on?’
Gregory had a very good idea. He felt like cheering. She’d done it. Lesley had done it! The how wasn’t that important. He joined the rest of the hospital in the great lobby, where the updates streamed in. 
Somehow, on Sunday evening, the Reflective refugees of Falstead Refugee Camp had incapacitated an entire Imperial White battalion, broken their captor’s instruments, stolen every soldier’s carpet, and the carpets of their families. Somehow they had reclaimed their own instruments and their most important possessions. Somehow, with near military order, these apparently beleaguered refugees comprising of farmers, ranchers and children had flown for the border in the dead of the night, and in three hours, reached. Somehow they had surprised the Helikan Border Guard, which faced the Domremin Alpine Army across the no-man’s land in the centre of Virgin’s Pass, from behind. They had defeated the Border Guard; and a short while later, a little over fourteen thousand refugees had stepped into the no-man’s land known as The Promise, barely twenty kilometres from the eastern end of Little Finger, and less than eight kilometres from Remy’s now destroyed house in Gimmel Hamlet. The Domremin Alpine Army had not been able to verify the identity of the refugees, and had initially refused to let them pass. By the time Helikan reinforcements had arrived, the fourteen thousand were entrenched in The Promise.
The Virgin’s Promise, a heart-breakingly beautiful meadow of green grass, was nestled in a narrow valley between two mountain ranges, one to the east and the other to the west, that were each ten thousand feet high. To the north of The Promise, manned by the Domremin Alpine Army, was North Gate, an immense wall three hundred metres high and a kilometre and half long from east to west. To the south of The Promise, manned by the Helikan Border Guard, was South Gate, an immense wall two hundred metres high and a kilometre long from east to west.
Thus the stalemate began.
‘Helika’s put it out – if a single Reflective refugee crosses over into Domremy, they’ll interpret every event from the riot onwards as an act of state-sponsored terrorism,’ Mango said at lunch. ‘The Empire’s demanding that the Reflectives be made to return to account for their crimes. The King’s arguing to the League of Nations that this changes nothing, and that the international judiciary can go on arranging for the trial of the rioters; and given Helika’s track record of managing the camp, and the Blood Tree’s destruction, it’s best that the refugees stay exactly where they are.’
‘How are they explaining what happened at the Blood Tree anyway?’ Zach asked Gregory.
‘You’ll see,’ Gregory said, though he did not have any ideas; Uncle Quincy had told him he would be informed before the Blood Bureau released an official statement. For now, the official stance was ‘investigations were underway’.
‘Have the refugees said anything about what the camp was like?’ Zach asked.
‘No,’ Mango said. ‘No journalists or civilians have been allowed to approach the area… though I heard a bunch of people with relatives among the refugees have moved as close as they can to Virgin’s Pass…’
Mango broke off, and they knew that if her uncle still lived, she would have been there with the other families right now.
The people’s excitement and nervous energy was uncomfortable for it did not fit the sombre mood of the task the four of them had undertaken. So they left the busy hall and spent a while fooling around the Hospice’s trail of gardens, before retiring to their room. Mango would occasionally pop out to see if there was something new, but for the large part, there wasn’t.
Susannah’s father’s relatives and friends kept pouring in at a steady stream, and she had to disappear to accept their condolences. Most of the names on the list of invitees turned green, with the occasional red. By nightfall, over seven hundred people had accepted their invitation – tomorrow, that number would be delivered to the appropriate caterers and florists.
Not having much at all to do in the evenings, everyone went home and returned with a grand selection of indoor games. Cards, chess, checkers, carom, and charades kept them up until two in the morning.
They woke bleary-eyed on Wednesday to more startling news. Once again a loud commotion outside the halls brought the four of them running out.
‘Mumma?’ Mango said. ‘What are you doing here?’
Ophelia Piper bore down on the group with all the speed and power of a panther, great excitement on her face. ‘Honey! Oh, my darling, darling baby! – he’s alive! Rafi’s alive! I just got his letter – heavily censored… but it’s true!’
Mango gaped.
‘But the blood fronds,’ Susannah protested, ‘We saw his blood frond shrivel away!’
‘Because he broke his rune-link that afternoon… not because he died! He lives, darling, he lives!’ And with that Ophelia swept her stunned daughter up in her arms into a powerful, teary embrace.
Mango was sobbing even before her mother set her down; in seconds, she was bawling her heart out, her howls of shock and relief echoing loudly down the corridor. She seized Gregory and buried her face in his shoulder, hugging him so hard he was sure she’d bruised him. Zach whooped and clapped her on the shoulder; Susannah pulled Mango away from Gregory to give her a hug of her own.
‘Pack your stuff!’ Susannah said. ‘Your party is with the other families crowding the way to Virgin’s Pass.’
But to everyone’s surprise, Mango, overcome with emotion as she was, shook her head. ‘Uncle Rafi will keep… he’s safe for now. I’m where I need to be… right here with you lot.’
‘Why, Piper, you’re just a big ol’ softie,’ Zach teased, and paid for it with a solid punch to his shoulder.
They held a mini-party in their room, complete with cake and crackers, and a champagne toast to Mango’s uncle’s continued health. The rest of the day was exhausting – the funeral was tomorrow, and they had to leave the Hospice and help set up and decorate the great reception tent. Nine hours flew by as they labelled gifts and tokens for every guest, spent hours rearranging tables and chairs so that no one important would feel slighted for having been placed too far back, and then carried Asclepius Coffey-Sharada’s cradle to the very front of the room – tomorrow morning, Susannah and her mother would deliver him here.
That night, completely wrung out, Gregory went to sleep, and had a very curious and disturbing dream.
He stood in a vast valley between gigantic mountains; blue and golden flowers carpeted the land as far as his eye could see… and far away, he made out the distant silhouette of a gigantic tree; its soaring and great canopy wreathed in clouds. Somehow, he knew the Tree was alive, and that he had to hide from its gaze; but it was futile – there was no cover to be had. He turned and ran up the valley, away from the Tree; the higher he went, the faster he ran, until he ran off the top off a mountain, and fell into a sea of stars. Through this sea he plunged, faster and faster, when he realised he was being chased. He turned to face his pursuer: a grotesque shadow with lamp-like lights in its misshapen head; he prepared to curse it: it morphed into his mother’s face, her lips pulled back in a snarl. He yelled as she reached for him, her claws piercing through his chest, her face morphing into Reggie’s and then Alf’s, and finally the Obscured head of a malevolent Teacher… but he had struck!
‘Oof!’
‘Greg! Wake up! GREGORY!’
‘Owwww! He got me right in the nadgers!’
He opened his eyes. Susannah’s worried browns eye swam into focus; Mango had pinned his arms down; and somewhere out of his sight, he heard Zach groaning.
‘It’s alright, Greg… it was a nightmare, that’s all! You’re safe… it’s alright,’ Susannah said soothingly.
Mango looked grey, but she held him down determinedly; he took great, heaving breaths; he was wet, awash in sweat.
‘Is the idiot alright?’ Zach asked in a strangled voice.
‘He’s fine,’ Susannah said, watching Gregory breath settle down into deep shudders.
‘I’m… I’m fine. Sorry about that, mate,’ Gregory coughed out.
‘Not as sorry as me, I bet,’ Zach muttered.
Mango let Gregory up. He shivered and drew his blanket close; despite the sweat, he felt almost icily cold.
‘You alright right?’ Gregory asked.
‘I’ll live.’ Zach dragged himself to his bed and gingerly sat down.
Mango poured the boys some water, and then everyone returned to bed. Five minutes later, Mango’s voice called through the dark. ‘Ok, now I’ve got no sleep in me at all.’
‘Oh, thank god. Me neither,’ Susannah said.
‘What do we do?’ Gregory said, switching the pale golden lights back on.
‘Have you guys ever played Monopoly?’ Zach said, an eager gleam lighting his eye.
An hour later, the four of them were locked in tense battle; Susannah had captured the cyan and brown territories early on, but somehow the three others had survived her cheaply-built Red Palaces; Mango had captured the yellow and green strips… but she only had enough funds for a scattering of Green Mansions along the yellows, and she kept having to shell out thousands of Monopoly Caesars every time she crossed Zach’s Palace-infested orange strip. But everyone’s dread was now focused on Gregory’s royal blue combo; after making an absurd amount of money off the four Zeppelin Drops he’d captured, and after three frantic circles of the board chasing the last unclaimed property, he’d finally landed on the most expensive property in the game – Kashmir Valley. He had purchased the second of the combo, Yosemite Nation, in his very first round of the board.
‘Put me down for two Red Palaces, Master Treasurer,’ Gregory said with a wicked look in his eye.
‘You don’t want to do that,’ Zach, who was handling the coin, said. ‘You’ll have no money left.’
‘It’s all or nothing, Master Treasurer, all or nothing.’
To the outrage of the others, Gregory managed to draw a community card directly into prison the very next turn. ‘Hah! I’m not coming out until I absolutely have to!’
‘This is not fair!’ Mango growled.
‘Life, alas, isn’t fair, milady,’ Gregory said theatrically, and then whooped when her roll took her directly to Kashmir. Mango rolled her eyes and declared herself bankrupt. She conceded all her property and money to Gregory.
‘That’s it. I’m out,’ Zach said disgustedly.
‘Wuss! You can’t quite quit on me like this! We can take him!’ Susannah cried.
‘Forget it. He won.’
Gregory indulged himself a war dance. ‘Reggie and Alf would have loved this game! I can’t believe we’ve never played it before!’
‘May they suffer you,’ Zach snorted, packing the board away, and taking Susannah’s properties from her reluctant fingers.
‘Well, they can’t,’ Gregory said, turning away and fiddling absently with his bed.
‘Why not?’
‘Because… because they didn’t survive the quake.’
The silent behind him was thick. Gregory pretended to straighten the sheets, when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Susannah’s gaze was gentle, and he let her pull him into a hug.
‘When did you find out?’ Mango asked.
‘The evening after we were Blooded,’ Gregory said.
Zach gaped, and his face lit with sudden understanding. ‘Wait! Is that why your magic…?’
‘Yeah,’ Gregory said. ‘That’s what Uncle Quincy and the Headmistress figured.’
‘Oh, man... I’m so sorry.’
‘It’s alright,’ Gregory said, shrugging. ‘I’m almost over it.’
‘Is that… is that what you were dreaming about?’ Susannah asked.
Gregory nodded. ‘At the end, yes.’
‘Geez,’ Zach said, sitting down heavily on his bed. He swore. ‘… stupid Voidmark. We’re never gonna get away from it.’
‘What do you mean?’ Mango said.
‘I don’t know.’ Zach exhaled deeply, burying his face in his hands. ‘It’s just… everyone’s talking about it as if it was a really big and tragic stumbling block… and everyone just wants to get up, dust themselves off and move on – as if they’re owed a prize for surviving… but it’s not like that. We’re not going to be able to dust it off. It doesn’t feel like that to me… it feels like… like it set things rolling… like it’s not the main event. It’s a… I forget the word.’
‘A catalyst,’ said Gregory.
‘That’s right! Catalyst! I don’t know where it’s pointed us to… but we’re all caught up… and we’re all going there, whether we like it or not. We’re all going.’
No one knew quite what to say to that.
‘Ignore me, I’m tired,’ Zach said finally. ‘Come on, let’s get back to sleep. We’ve got an early morning.’
Thursday dawned to clear skies. It was going to be a beautiful morning. At nine, the foursome was at Drowsy Dale, handling small emergencies. At ten, the guests poured into the service tent; people of all ages, colours, races, and ranks. Asclepius Coffey-Sharada had earned a lot of love over the course of his life. Something inside Gregory twinged; it would have been nice to get to know the man.
A half hour before the service, Susannah took Gregory aside to a shady, secluded pathway behind the service tent. ‘I want to ask you something before I deliver the actual eulogy.’
‘Alright…’ Gregory said cautiously.
Susannah’s eyes were at once bright and wary, and she spoke quickly.
‘The Queen dropped by earlier to pay her respects… she didn’t want a big fuss made. She asked me if there was anything the Throne could do for my family. Well… Daddy and I once spoke of what you’d done at the Caverns for Ms. Flanders… and he’d said that the Caverns could do with a lesson thread in First Aid. I asked the Queen if that could be made an option in the school course… as tribute to my father. She said yes… and that I could teach it, if I wished.’
Gregory gaped at her. ‘That’s brilliant, Susannah. You’re gonna take it up?’
‘Yes, I am,’ she said proudly, and then in a rush: ‘But, I just wondered. Do you think you might maybe want to teach it with me? You’ve got the whole Ms. Flanders legend thing working for you… and the Queen mentioned that you could become very, very busy soon… but that it was up to you… it would be a tremendous help; people would take the class a lot more seriously if you were there.’
‘You want me to… teach First Aid at the Cavern with you?’ It was, in some ways, stranger than the request the Queen had made of him.
Susannah must have thought she had been presumptuous, because she burst out with a flurry of assurances. ‘It’ll mostly be my thing. I don’t expect you to be there every lesson or anything… only I may really need someone else there sometimes, for demonstrations and such… we can work out schedules… it doesn’t have to clash with anything… and-’
‘I’m in. I’ll do it.’
Susannah stopped, looking dazed as if she had run into a wall. ‘Really?’
‘Yeah. It’s a fantastic idea. I’ll give you all the help I can that you need to really get this going.’
Susannah enveloped him in a rib-cracking hug. ‘It was Daddy’s idea that you be involved. He would have been ever so glad that you’re in… can I mention it my eulogy?’
‘That I’m in? Yeah, go ahead.’
Susannah gave him another hug, face buried in Gregory’s shoulder, shaking in a way that he knew she was crying from a rush of sadness; and then she had dashed away. It was quiet here in the small grove, and the Gregory found himself enjoying the unexpected moment of silence. He sat down on a round, mossy rock, yawned hugely, and spent a few minutes enjoying the quiet.
A flutter of motion caught his eyes, and they followed the butterfly as it came to rest on the back of his hand.
Later, when the service was over, and when it was afternoon and the day was still beautifully sunny, Gregory found himself outside the Mushroom at Oakroot Hamlet. Vincent wasn’t there, but in his own room upstairs, he found a square of grey stone on the bed.
His father had returned his Index. There was a note beside it:
I have one of my own now. Thanks.
Gregory lifted himself up onto his window, and swung his legs over the sill. A field of green grass stretched away below his feet, ending at a gently flowing stream. The water was peaceful to look at. He let his thoughts idle down whimsical paths.
The Mushroom had potential, he decided. Oakroot Hamlet was a quiet place. In all his visits, he had never seen a single other person on the street that coursed in between the houses here. If he ever needed to be alone, or even if he needed to go somewhere to make noise that wasn’t appropriate at the Apple… yes, the Mushroom had potential.
His thoughts drifted back to the funeral. The Director had been entombed in a cradle under a small but beautiful marble monument, which bore no words, only runes representing the most significant aspect of his life. There had been a great many people, all in white, many of whom had made long speeches and grand gestures. The Coffey family had received many bequeaths large and small. Susannah and her mother had cut a striking impression; an aura of indefinable strength and indomitability had been about them. Susannah’s eulogy had forced tears down many eyes, and afterwards, she had given Gregory another crushing hug for helping her prepare it.
He wondered what was happening in Pencier. Had Mixer received his second instrument yet? Did he feel guilty, like Gregory once had, at his unexpected opportunity to become mage, when Reggie and Alf had missed out? For Gregory didn’t feel guilty anymore. A part of him had always known that he should not. Losing them had meant that perhaps the world would have many fewer Reggies and Alfs futilely coveting magic… because you can’t covet something you already have…
He had been afraid that they would fade from his memories… but they couldn’t anymore. He would be reminded of them every time he saw a previously Mundane child cast a spell… every time the Queen directed him to champion the cause of universal magical access…
He would never, ever, ever forget them. 
Seriously though, at some point he was going to have to learn to say ‘no’ when someone asked something terribly important of him. He didn’t know exactly how busy he would be, but the mere thought of participating in the Queen’s designs for his boons and Susannah’s first aid classes at the same time filled him with apprehension.
He couldn’t have said no, though, not after the week he’d just shared with her… and with Mango and Zach. The Director and the Bobbin had been right – he had made new friends. Good ones. Brave, and loyal, and kind ones, something he’d have thought was impossible. Even Johanna, the very embodiment of ‘tough love’, had quickly become precious.
Now that he thought of it, Gregory was astounded at how much had happened in the weeks since he had first been told he had an Uncle. There were just two loose ends now though, and one was in his pocket.
He pulled out the small white bone. Teacher? A prickle of anger touched Gregory; someone looking closely would have seen his jaw clench. Six years. For six years Gregory had groped blindly for his identity and his direction in life. In about six weeks, he had rediscovered his identity and begun forging his own direction down paths no one else had or perhaps even could. Whoever Teacher was, whatever he wanted of Gregory… their meeting would be on Gregory’s terms, and no one else’s. 
He doubted the bone actually belonged to the man, but Remy (how had the necromancer freed himself from the gypsies?) said he could use it to get in touch with him. And he had said that Gregory had something that the Teacher had lost. But Gregory had been dropped of at Pencier with little more than his first name and his birthday. Whatever it was that Remy’s Teacher thought Gregory had, it had been taken away from him, unless…
He blinked. 
… unless it was within him.
‘What did I forget?’ Gregory whispered aloud. What had he seen or heard at Brightapple? What had he done? Had he truly lost his memories, or had they been sealed away? It wasn’t impossible. After all, Lesley’s illness had not cost her memories. 
Which brought him to his second loose end.
Lesley Greene.
Whatever it was that she knew about his childhood illness, it was obviously dreadfully important. He simply had to speak to her. What could she tell him? What did she look like? The Reflective refugees were almost as cut-off now as they had been in Falstead. Virgin’s Pass had been completely sealed off from both sides, Helikan and Domremin. The Throne couldn’t do much more right now other than collect messages from the refugees and drop food and medical supplies as needed; Helika was keeping too close an eye on the escapees. There was practically no direct contact between the parties.
How then, was he to speak to her? Two thirds of the year was over. Winter would come quicker to the pass than to Domremy City. Not that this was a huge problem for mages… but then the way into the Pass would be snowed in, wouldn’t it?
Couldn’t a Hero of Domremy just walk in whenever he felt like it? He should be able to, shouldn’t he?
Well, the Queen did say that he had the Throne’s ear whenever he wanted it. And as far as Gregory knew, news of his battle against the creeps at the Cavern had gone international. That meant the rumour that he was a Seraph must have reached ears outside of Domremy too. People didn’t have to believe it; the mere rumour would mean that if he wanted attention, he’d likely get it.
How could he best use that?
In the quiet murmur of the stream, as afternoon faded into evening, a vague plan of action formed in his mind. 
The next morning, Friday, Gregory and Mango stood outside the Headmistress’ door in the highest tower at Gurukul Caverns.
‘I can’t believe you talked me into this,’ Mango hissed. ‘Being a Hero is all well and good, but there’s a difference between that and actively seeking out trouble.’
‘Do you want to meet your Uncle or don’t you?’
‘I’m just saying… oh never mind. Let’s get on with it.’
‘Relax. I’ve done this before, and that time, I had ink all over my face. This could really work. Trust me.’
Gregory knocked.
‘Come in.’



CHAPTER 25.1
International News Headlines on the August 31, 1909
Today In Orbit:
DOMREMIN HEROES PAVE WAY FOR ARBITRATION AT VIRGIN’S PASS
The Persian Pundit:
NO MAGE LEFT BEHIND ACT: AN UNDERHANDED SUBVERSION OF DISARMAMENT TREATY OF LICE
The Soothsayer:
LEAGUE OF NATIONS BEGINS DRAFTING HISTORIC CHARTER FOR CROSS-BORDER CRIMINAL TRIBUNALS
Sentience Watch International:
HELIKAN WHITES: WHY DIDN’T THEY (REFUGEES) KILL US?
The Sceptic:
YOUNG MAGI TO PERSONALLY FLY OUT REFUGEE CHILDREN: NOBLE STREAK OR JUVENILE VANITY?
The Seraphic:
GIMMEL HAMLET FIRE MAY HAVE BEEN WORK OF MAGICAL ARSONIST
Medical Mirror:
DOMREMIN THRONE PLEDGES TO REBUILD BLOOD CENSUS; INEXPLICABLY FOOLISH MOVE, SAY EXPERTS
The Tribal Tribune:
YOUNG HEROES WIN CASE FOR EXTRACTION OF REFUGEE MINORS TO DOMREMY
The Mundane Herald:
REFUGEE CHILDREN GRANTED DOMREMY CITIZENSHIP
Apotheosis:
TOP REFLECTIVE HEALERS TO DEVELOP WHITE DEATH VACCINE
The Doomsday Gazette:
FRIENDLY SUPERNATURAL FORCES DROVE THE GREAT FALSTEAD ESCAPE



CHAPTER 25.2
Lesley's Diary - The Great Escape - August 31,1909
I left you last time with an ambitious, ambiguous resolution: to do everything within my power to save the Refugees of Helika.
I bloody well succeeded. 
Oh, if only I could share my veins with you right now. If only you could get into my head and be giddy with me. I’ve heard the word triumphant… but I never knew it could feel so good, so raw, so bloodthirsty. I want to scream again, just scream, without words and without meaning – my soul wants to make noise.
I could tell you a million reasons I pulled it off: Winnie and Emil’s influence, and the influence of other Elders in the camp, a family of ex-military personnel, my own demonically enhanced magic and advantages… but there’s only really one reason I pulled it off. Only one strength. My greatest advantage.
My greatest strength is my enemy’s complacency.
I saw it at once, when I helped the prisoners escape. Not one, not one of the Spooks thought after the escape, that perhaps the prisoners had access to magic.
Not one of them suggested that perhaps the measures taken to jail Mundane prisoners would not be enough to jail Magical prisoners. And not one of them thought that they could ever become vulnerable to the very people they were supposed to be jailing.
But I must be coherent!
This Teacher… whoever he is, he wants war between Helika and Domremy. I’ve no idea why, and I seriously don’t think either country can afford a war right now. But once I learned that he needed our (the refugees) deaths to bring that war about, I knew we had to leave, and immediately.
If his one-week delivery estimate for the antidote, beginning the Wednesday of August 18th, held true for the Wednesday of August 25th (and so the trigger of the second riot), then I had to get us out before then. 
No way I could do this alone. I swore Winnie and Emil into absolute secrecy immediately, and told them everything I knew . And then I had them do the same to the other Elders. I told them we needed to escape, and, in a single night, we came up with the PLAN.
There was only one place to escape to – Domremy. The border was fifty kilometres northwest of us, as the carpet flies. There were only two points of entry – Virgin’s Pass and Reefer’s Way.  Virgin’s Pass was to Domremy City itself - we settled on it.
We had to do five things. First, we had to incapacitate the entire remaining battalion of Spooks. Second, we had to arm every mage in the camp with its own instrument. Third, we had to break the ward stones. Fourth, we had to get fifteen thousand refugees to the border. Fifth, we had to get past the Helikan Border Guard.
And we had to do it all in a single night.
To incapacitate a battalion, you need a general sort of attack, a common weak point. They targeted our food; there was no reason I couldn’t target theirs. Winnie and the other Elders told me where to look in the warehouse; I snuck in and snuck back out with every ingredient necessary to make the strongest hypnotic potion they knew how to brew. They charmed the potion so that it would strike anyone who ingested it with sleep exactly when we wanted to, and not before. We figured everyone would be done with their dinner by midnight. Any break we made would have to be at night, so the best time to unleash the potion within their blood was when they were already asleep. There would have to be minimum commotion.
Arming the mages amongst us wasn’t difficult. Two thousand of our numbers were mages, which surprised me. I hadn’t expected that many.  The night after we drew up the plan, Falstead’s Friendly Ghost led a cabal of Listmakers and Elders into the warehouse. We searched hours for instruments and didn’t find a single one. I’d just begun to panic and wonder if the Spooks had broken our instruments when another Listmaker (the same one who’d realised how the Reflectives were being selected for execution) found them bundled into one large crate. We took the instruments and replaced the instruments with junk from the other crates.
We were ready with the first and second steps in the pre-dawn hours of Thursday, the August 19th.
The ward stones were more complicated. It would have been too much luck to hope that my demon-enhanced magic could break the wards… but it could not. I tried, but I only have the power to step through the wards as if they weren’t there (I know. Terrible. I want a refund). We sent the word out at noon on Thurday – was there anyone in camp who knew how to break wards? And that’s where we found our family of ex-military personnel. Can you believe that we found a hundred and seventy year old geezer who’d actually fought in the eight Crusade? His great grandson, Killian, turned out to be from Domremy, in Falstead for a vacation, a Gurukul trained amateur wardmaster. I took him to the wardstones. He said it would take him two days to study the wards, and devise their anti-charm. He was told he’d be sleeping during the day and working during the night. We gave him his instrument. That night, and the night after, I stood with him as he, invisible, worked on the wardstones. Early the second night, one hour past midnight, he finished his study. The next evening, he had the anti-charm ready to cast.
The fourth task was the scariest. How do you get fifteen thousand sick people fifty kilometres away in one night? Flight. There was no other possible answer. We would need carpets, thousands of them. We didn’t have a thousand carpets. We, the refugees, didn’t have 50 carpets. But the Spooks did. Every Helikan White has its own carpet… even so, and counting the carpets of those dead in the riot, we had only a thousand or so carpets. At eight people to a carpet at a time, we had only enough space for a little over half of the camp.
The answer was obvious.
Two trips.
But we didn’t have time for two trips, not if the fifth step of our plan was to succeed. If we had to overcome the Helikan Border Guard, it would have to be under cover of darkness. We would have to strike no later than five in the morning. Our advantage in that fight would be my power of invisibility – a seventy-five foot radius within which nothing could be seen… a power that could not could not be penetrated by mortal magic. Our disadvantage was that we were sick, and that we’d be fighting after two gruelling round trips from the camp and the border.
Of course, we couldn’t simply land up at the border… we had to know if the trip was possible first! So as soon as Killian finished his study of the wards in the pre-dawn hours on the morning of the twenty first, I sneaked out of the camp with a few mages, and we flew to the border. 
We learned three things – one, that a flight to the border took a little over an hour, which meant a round trip would take two. Two round trips would take four. We had to be in striking position (look at me using fighting words!), at least a half hour before that. Which meant we had to begin flying out of camp at thirty minutes past midnight. Which meant we had to have finished incapacitating the Spooks at by midnight, preferably earlier. Spooks, those not on duty, have their own curfew – at eleven.
If a thousand carpets were to remain unseen, then they would have to fly high. Also, two trips meant that we had to fly direct, in a straight line. There wasn’t going to be time for anything else if we all had to reach there by a five o’clock deadline. For two reasons, this meant height. For between us and the border, there were several mountain ranges, none less than eight thousand feet in height, and in some places, over ten thousand feet. It’s true, carpets can fly up there… but our real problem would be the cold. And that was the second thing. At ten thousand feet, the air is nearly cold enough to freeze water. Add wind chill, and some of us could literally die.  Thankfully, this is where our additional mages could help – those who weren’t flying the carpets, would warm the others on their flight. Sustaining warming charms on eight people for an hour wasn’t hard… but it WAS exhausting, and we would need all our strength to attack the border.
The compromise wasn’t ideal, but it was inevitable – the frailest amongst us would be kept magically toasty on the flight over. The rest of us would have to bundle up warm, for we needed at least five hundred mages in fighting shape. This meant another raid of the warehouse, this time, for enough clothes for about ten thousand people. We decided to carry out that raid immediately as soon as we returned. 
We did one more thing – we scouted out a secure, somewhat hidden place to land, less than a five-minute flight from the border. Here, we buried an anchor – an iron horseshoe imbued with its own magical signature. This anchor would serve as a direction marker for each carpet’s pilot, who would be given a rudimentary tracker of its own.
It was four thirty in the morning when we returned. By five, I’d let fifteen hundred mages into the warehouse. By six, we were carrying out everything that looked like cloth and linen out, huge bundles and mages walking invisible through a camp of waking Spooks, the crates in the warehouse half empty now.
The final raid, for the carpets, would have to be executed on the night of escape itself. Five hundred mages, who would not be flying carpets or warming the fliers. No, these five hundred would be our fighters. Here at the camp, and at the border. At the camp, their task was, with my assistance, to sneak into the Spook barracks, and relieve our slumbering guards of the carpets they stored in their kits. We were done in fifteen minutes. Immediately after, I snuck into the Spook HQ and stole the records of property, deeds, and titles held by each refugee.
There were fifty Elders amongst us. We marked their wrists A to Z, and then A2 to X2. Each elder nominated about twenty lieutenants, all of whom could fly, all marked with their letters, and their own number to signify their status. Each such pilot-lieutenant was responsible for about 15 refugees, divided into groups of refugees who would also be numbered. 
Thus, for the first stage of the Great Escape…
Elders could be lettered A to X2…
The lieutenants would be lettered from A to X2, followed by their own number (for example, (J2 – 17).
And the refugees assigned to each lieutenant would be marked according to which batch they would fly in, I or II, (for example, J2-17-II).
Thus, each lettered Elder was responsible for roughly three hundred unique refugees. 
The lieutenants had three simple but crucial tasks. First, to break the blood-tracking devices on everyone’s arms the second it was midnight. Second, once the trackers were broken, they were to lead the first batch of refugees under their care to the execution square – that’s where we would be taking off from, for that’s where the stockpile of carpets stolen in the final raid would be brought. Third, to nominate in each batch two spotters – one of whom would keep an eye on the carpet in front, and the other, on the carpet behind. We could not let a single carpet go astray.
How did we enforce this massive organisation and logistic? Trickledown magical Oaths of Secrecy. Winnie and Emil swore in the Elders; the Elders swore in their lieutenants; who in turn swore in every Mundane refugee under their command and the remaining one thousand Mages. There was no choice, or option of refusing. Any refugee who refused adamantly to be sworn in, was to be executed – no one person could be allowed to jeopardise the rest. (Thankfully, it did not come to this.) I had everyone swear a second Oath – that no one could maliciously, directly or indirectly, bring harm to the Spooks as they slept, at anytime during our escape. We could not be sure of our Success, and we didn’t need to give the Empire more reasons to execute us. It took a day and a half to swear everyone in once we started, and then another day to divvy up people by their chains-of-command; and to drill our plan into their heads.
Sadly, this meant I’d have to let Borix and Walder go unscathed for now. We’d have to settle our debts at another time.
With one thousand pilots, five hundred warmth-enchanters, and about five hundred fighters, we planned the escape to happen on the midnight of the 24th.  
And then, late afternoon on Sunday, the 22nd of August, something very, very curious happened. He Scryed me again, our Trueblood beyond the border. And this time… he wasn’t alone.
Somehow, he had Domremy with him.
My mind exploded at the time, of course. Of all the twists and turns and curves, this was really much too much. But there was no time to interrogate him. He told me that the Blood Tree was a secret weapon built to murder us refugees. He told me the murder could happen tonight. He told me to break the rune links.
I’ll admit it – he managed to terrify me.
And then I knew… we had to escape not tomorrow night, but tonight. 
I did as he said, and had the Elders command everyone to break their blood-links. We had barely broken two thousand or so of them, when the devices just cracked and fell off on their own accord. Whatever he’d been trying to at his end… it must have worked. Thankfully, the Spooks haven’t been bothering us much since the riot, and less since the executions were stopped, so they remained unaware about us track-free refugees.
At seven in the evening, I entered the Observant kitchen complex and poured the charmed sedative brewed by our potioneers into the Spook battalion’s food. The Observant civilians had already been removed from the camp after the riot.
At eleven thirty, the potioneers activated the sleeping agent. The five hundred fighters and I were already poised to break into the Observant sections. Twenty minutes later, we had a thousand carpets ready to unroll in front of the stockade square. It had not been flawless – three of the Spooks had not eaten. We had to subdue them; they were not harmed. The others slept. As the pilot-lieutenants and their first batches lined up, I had Killian nullify the wards with his anti-charm… and the magical barrier around the camp was dispelled.
Carpets were unrolled, refugees were seated, and they began to take off.
Emil came on my carpet, which was in the first batch. The first ninety carpets carried the full strength of our fighters, five hundred mages, to our hiding spot near the border.
We climb high, oh so high. We spotted ahead, and we spotted behind and let the anchor we had buried not far from the border guide our flight. We flew in the formation of birds, a beautiful and fragile and precious V.  I would tell you about the stars and how bright they were, and how everything but the wind was silent, and how we were bitterly cold, and how the dim carpet of mountain peaks were capped with snow below us… but I was the most tired I’d ever been in my life. 
I slept.
Around half past one, we landed in the concealed glen where our anchor was buried, and our pilot-lieutenants immediately turned back for the camp for their second batch of refugees. We quickly set up heated shelters. I could see the refugees were skittish and scared even in the near absent moonlight. The warmth helped, and we told them to sleep.
And then, at two in the morning of the twenty-third, our fighters and I began the most crucial part of the night… to bring the fight to the Enemy. 
By my original plan, tonight I would have spent the hours until dawn silently marking the locations of border posts in the valley so we knew exactly which ones to attack on the morning of the twenty fourth. Now, we had to hunt them down in the darkness, one by one, and feel our way through.
Our advantages: my extended invisibility, my ability to bring others through wards, and our superior numbers. They never had a chance. Watchtower by watchtower, in bursts of silent and furious spell-casting, we incapacitated and trussed up the Helikan Border Guard. With only twenty or so men at each tower, it wasn’t hard, not with two hundred invisible fighters within seventy-five feet of me. By four in the morning, we had destroyed forty-two towers. 
At four-fifteen, I gathered all five hundred of our fighters in an invisible sphere around me, and we took on the South Gate and the battalion posted inside. Just as at the watchtowers, they never knew who hit them. I try and imagine now, what it must have felt like to them, to be so easily defeated by an unknown force, in a near-fortress that’s never, ever been breached.
We conquered South Gate in one hour. Fifteen minutes after that, we sent a flyer back to the waiting refugees. We opened the gates on both sides. Emil and a few others stepped through South Gate, and headed north into The Promise. At the halfway mark, they sent up a great beacon of white light, dazzling like a small sun in the darkness. They kept it up the whole while that the pilots navigated north through Virgin’s Pass, to where I waited for the refugees. They came when the sky was steel grey, a swarm of survivors racing to freedom. 
I feel so poetic right now.
Then came the easiest of my tasks… I had to stand in one place. My demon magic, which so wonderfully nullifies the effects of any wards in my thaumic radius, let me stand at the south entrance of South Gate… as fifteen thousand refugees walked through and into The Promise. They couldn’t see me, but I watched every single one of them pass through.
Twenty minutes after the last of them passed through, with not a single casualty on either side, more Helikan Border Guard forces arrived… but they were too late. We let them have the Gate back. We couldn’t have defended it anyway. Emil and the other men had managed to get the attention of Domremin Alpine Army. 
What was to happen next, was politics, and a Ghost had no part to play in this.
So Winnie made me a nice shelter, and I fell asleep, and didn’t wake for the next eighteen hours.
Have you any idea how much the world can change in eighteen hours? 
Completely. 
The Helikan Border Guard and the Domremin Alpine Army had surrounded us… and put us into yet another bleeding barrier-ward. Apparently, we were so politically volatile elements that the merest wrong move from us could set off the next Continental War.
Have you any idea how beautiful The Promise is? It may be the nicest prison ever. The grass is fresh and green. The sky is a deep blue. The mountains are a grand size. The walls are look deadly. The escapees from Helika are spread out all over this paradise. Everyone’s found their own corner again… but they don't’ look sad anymore.
I’m glad.
I’m enjoying being lazy. I just sleep and eat. That is literally all I do, all I care to do. I could just fly out of here… I really could. One invisible flyer on one invisible carpet and one invisible passenger. I could be home in an hour, or two at the most.
I haven’t been able to bring myself to leave though. It’s strange… but I feel responsible for the escapees. Oh who am I fooling – the real reason I’m not returning is that I’d have to dive right back into real life… and I don’t want to. Not just yet.
Sleep is the best thing in the world.
Emil’s been set up as the point man between us and the world. He managed to get them to let us send letters (though they’re being censored by a Shamanate neutral). Still, these are the first letters we are confident will reach their addressees. That’s something. We’ve been getting letters back, and it’s cheering people up to no end. 
Today though, something important happened. They let us have newspapers, and we finally found out what’s going on… and my mind exploded again.
The Blood Tree had collapsed, and with it, the Blood Census… but they were talking of building another one. I can’t let them, obviously.
That’s my vacation cut short.
And then there’s the boy, Gregory Grey. I don’t know much about him, but I know enough: I know that little over a week ago, Gregory Grey was appointed Hero Of Domremy. I know, that little over a week ago, a Domremin with Communion spoke to me. 
I think I’ve found my Trueblood.
Where did he come from? They say he’s the son of The Greys… then where are his parents? Are the fantastic stories they tell of him true? Did he really ask the Throne to make a mage out of every kid? When did he open his Cradle? The papers don’t mention that he was at the Blood Tree… have mother and father shushed it up? Do they know of his Sentinel?
The papers say he and his friend are using their fledgling celebrity status to initiate arbitration between the refugees, Helika, and Domremy. Why the unexpected philanthropy?
They say you’re flying us kids out on an airship… that you managed to strike a deal for a Observant majority judging panel in exchange for the safe extraction of refugee children. Why? 
Are you looking for me, Gregory Grey? Would you recognise me if you saw me? But you won’t see me… not unless I want you to. But we’ll meet soon enough. 
Do I owe you my life, Gregory Grey? Do the refugees? What would have happened if we had not had your warning… if we had delayed another day?
When the time comes, I’ll thank you.



Epilogue
Going Home
Winnie, Lesley decided, had superhuman hearing. The second Lesley had entered the tent, the wizened old woman’s already ramrod straight back had stiffened further.
‘You’re leaving with the other children,’ she said to the seemingly empty room. In front of her, an incense stick smoked in front of some portraits. Other than Winnie and Emil and Charlie, everyone in those portraits had lost their lives.
‘Yes.’
‘That’s good. I would scold you otherwise. Those two Domremin babies have wrought some wonderful luck for us.’
‘They’re hardly babies.’ 
‘At my age, everyone’s a baby, you big baby.’
‘If I’m the baby, why are you the one crying?’
‘You never stop being a sentimental idiot,’ Winnie sniffed. ‘Take care of Charlie… he’s already terrified of that big whale of an airship… an uglier thing I haven’t seen.’
Winnie still hadn’t turned around, so Lesley hugged her from behind.
‘Thank you… I really couldn’t have done anything without you.’
‘Of course, you couldn’t. Gods, has it only been seven or so weeks since I found you?’
‘Yes. Only seven.’
‘Feels so much longer… like I’ve spent all my life raising you.’
Lesley said nothing, but kept hugging Winnie, her head on the older woman’s shoulder.
‘Emil, the fool. He knew you’d be along to say goodbye… he never could stand them… I expect he’s found someway to keep busy. I’ll give him your love.’
‘You know we’ll meet again soon, don’t you?’
‘Aye.’ Winnie’s voice was utterly devoid of conviction. ‘It’s customary to give a outbound child some sort of token, but I’m all out of tokens. Sorry, child.’
‘I think the thousand or so kids I’m flying out are token enough, aren’t they?’
Winnie laughed. ‘Don’t you gobble them up.’ Abruptly, she spun around and laid a smacking kiss on Lesley’s forehead. ‘Bless you, and now go away. I’ve got things to do.’
Lesley gave Winnie a final hug, and stepped out of the tent. Less than a week old, the impromptu camp had somehow achieved an air of permanency. Without talking about it, without making a fuss of it, the refugees had collectively agreed that they were here to stay.
No one noticed her move through the camp, invisible. No one saw her approach the five massive, gleaming, black airships that rested on a wide field a little outside the faint, golden barrier. There was a wooden gate set through the barrier. It was narrow; at most two people could pass abreast. In front of the gate, at a wide table, sat a League of Nations-approved, Shamanate-appointed Listmaker. Stretching away in front the table was a line of perhaps three thousand refugees: children, and the parents who were tearfully seeing them off. The children passed through the gate, documents in hand, jabbering in excitement, restlessness, and apprehension.
On the other side of the gate, outside the barrier, two lines of the League of Nations armed guard formed a corridor to the Zeppelins; through this, the children walked. At the end of corridor stood two figures, flanked by adults, nearly as tall as the adults, but very clearly younger – the two Heroes of Domremy. One of them was speaking excitedly to a man Lesley thought she recognised from the Falstead Camp… hadn’t he been among the men she had broken out of prison? The other kept his eye fixed on the line of children walking through the gate, and streaming into the airships. He seemed very intent on this task.
Lesley ambled unseen past the Listmaker, and undetected through the gate. She wondered if she could just spend the rest of her life invisible… the thought was at once a little sad and a little appealing. 
Invisibility relaxed you.
Around her, the children jabbered among each other. She tuned out their voices, trying to appreciate the last moments of her blissfully task-free vacation. Idly, she looked at the two figures at the end of the corridor of the armed guard again.
Yes, she had definitely rescued that man from prison. The girl he was speaking to must be Mango Piper. Mango shone with radiant happiness, adoration clear on her face.
Gregory Grey on the other hand…
He wore featureless dark grey robes, which was strange enough. He stood rigid, almost glaring at the children as they passed by him. 
He looks a little lost, a little worried, and a whole lot stubborn, Lesley thought. She tried to sense in him any sign of a Sentinel, an ancient demon, but found nothing. Could two Sentinels sense one another? It didn’t seem so. His eyes continued their unceasing scan of the children.
It was when she was walking by him that she noticed it: his eyes fixed… on her…
Lesley stumbled in shock; her shoulder knocked into his, and for a second she was terrified she’d been found out… she dared not look around. Had anyone noticed the Hero of Domremy get jostled inexplicably?
‘Sorry,’ she muttered, eyes low.
‘Don’t worry about it,’ he said, steadying her.
Despite a jerk, a sinking feeling, and coldness in her stomach, Lesley feigned her best nonchalant look. He could see her. She stole a stole a look at him. He flashed an absent, vaguely encouraging smile. She nodded, and stepped away, back into the line.
He hadn’t realised she was invisible to everyone but him.
He could see her.
He was Trueblood… and a Sentinel slept within him.
She climbed aboard the closest Zeppelin, but didn’t seat herself; if someone sat on her seemingly empty seat, things would be funny for less than ten seconds. From a window, she watched the line of children progress to the airships. 
The whole thing had been somewhat mechanical – there were no grand speeches, no fanfare. Two days ago, the camp was told that a deal had been struck by which the camp’s children could be taken to safer custody. Two weeks ago, no one would have gone for it.
Then the refugees heard of the No Mage Left Behind Act. They hadn’t believed it at first. It had taken a day of furious debating, newspaper waving and minor scuffles before practically every family chose to send its child away. Only a handful of children remained, and these were raising hell in their resentful mischief. Lesley gave it a week before the rest of the kids were sent away.
The airships had landed last night.
The last of the line of kids passed through the gates. Lesley saw Mango hug the refugee goodbye, turn and walk ten paces to the airships, before realising Gregory hadn’t followed her.
That’s because Gregory was arguing with the Shamanate Listmaker, gesticulating wildly with his hands, and sometimes turning to look at the camp. When Gregory looked like he would step forward into the camp, the Shamanate Guard stepped forward, the message clear.
Gregory’s task here was done.
Mango accompanied the furious boy back to the airship… to Lesley’s airship. Cursing, Lesley found a seat on an empty row, and shut her eyes almost all the way. A moment later, the two Heroes entered the airship, and a steward shut the cabin door behind them.
‘Who’s Lesley Greene?’ Mango asked.
‘I’ll explain later,’ Gregory said, looking moodily over the passengers, who were looking back at him quite interestedly.
‘I’m sorry, Gregory… if she was a friend of yours. You heard the Listmaker… she didn’t survive the riot.’
Gregory snorted; he and Mango disappeared into the pilot’s cabin.
Lesley realised she’d been holding her breath… she’d been right.
The Zeppelin hummed into life, rose into the air; the others followed. The children, who had never been in Zeppelin before, fought to press their noses to the windows; Lesley peered from over their shoulders. Outside the window, the camp fell away; the airships flew north, and over the wall.
She was back in Domremy.
Lesley sat back down in her seat. Twenty minutes later, the zeppelin slowed, then descended. The children cried from shock at the sudden weightlessness in their stomachs. Soon they docked at the Spire. Minutes passed; the cabin door opened. Gregory and Mango got off first; Lesley sighed in relief. She slipped to the front of the ship, and watched them descend a stairway. 
This time though, there was proper fanfare. 
Explosions cracked through the air; the children screamed, frightened. But it was only crackers, quickly drowned in a massive swell of noise, of applause. Under clear blue skies, with a brass band blaring triumph, Gregory and Mango stood before as many people as could be fitted onto the Spire’s largest landing platform… and the air was stuffed with carpets. The two Heroes looked a little stunned at their reception.
Gregory Grey had probably not realised how good this would be for his reputation, Lesley thought. As far as the conservatives were concerned, he’d quite redeemed the folly of his boons by scoring this against the Helikans.
Then her breath caught.
Nathaniel Eavesfather and Renata Eavesmothter stood here, resplendent and powerful, welcoming their Heroes. They couldn’t see her. They were thinner than she remembered, and Renata’s smile was slower. Unexpectedly, Lesley’s eyes teared up. Something about just seeing them again that was wonderfully, wonderfully grounding. In that instant, her world returned to normal.
Lesley brushed her tears off. She grinned to herself at a sudden urge to prank her parents with a sudden appearance right behind them. It would serve them right too. In fact, she decided she would prank them.
She passed unseen out of the crowd, until she found a carpet drop. Here, she faded into sight, and hired a bored-looking carpeteer to fly her to the Palace.
Twenty minutes later, in the highest room in the tallest tower in the Hanging Palace, she plopped down on a soft bed in a magnificent bedroom decorated in soft red colours… it had been a gentle golden in what seemed like a lifetime ago, when she’d been called in here, and told of the task expected.
Lesley fell asleep quickly, something she was getting quite good at.
She woke up quickly when she heard the scream.
The King and Queen of Domremy stood looking down at the bed, flabbergasted; Renata’s hand covered her mouth.
‘Hello mother, father. I like what you’ve done with the room.’
THE END
About the Author:
Ranjit Stanzin Sanyal grew up addicted to science fiction, fantasy, mystery and adventure novels. He had always wanted to have babies with his favorite books, and is now actively trying to make that happen. His interests include popular physics, human rationality and cognition, climate change and education reform. He wants to drive a Tesla Model S.

Find Me Online:
Twitter: @7Stanzin
Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/stanzinpins/

About the Story:
When I was 12, I decided I wanted to be an Author. 61 abortive attempts/false-starts and 12 years later, I decided I wanted to be Writer instead. That’s when things started falling into place.
So yeah, this story has been a long, long time coming.
Sometime during late 2011, minutes before I was about to walk into an exam I’d stayed up the whole previous night slogging for, I had the greatest story idea ever! I had to write it down – immediately! I blew off the exam, purchased a large register, walked into a cafe, and began plotting. Three days, innumerable coffees and dangerously little sleep later, I had the rough plot for seven-volume fantasy series sketched out in longhand. (My story right now looks nothing like that sketch.)
I told everyone about that great idea, and how I’d be done with it in six months. I wrote two chapters that were very well received by a couple of 12-year-olds. I researched the whole publishing industry, and could quote numbers and stuff. I wrote my blurb. I sketched cover design ideas. I dreamed of movie rights. The writing, I figured, would take care of itself.
Never before, was the cart so thoroughly put before the horse. Obviously, this whole process was doomed before it could ever start.
Bereft of that initial blaze of endorphins, I spent the next two years hemming and hawing over my brilliant idea. Intense bursts of inspired prose (which were crap) were regularly chased down by long doldrums during which I distracted myself in almost every unhealthy way a tween* can. I poured out over a million words that will never, ever, see the light of the day. Not if I can help it.
November 2012, I began devouring TED Talks. I looked into hacking my mind (almost entirely theoretically, and natural methods only), and dabbled with stuff if it sounded weird enough. Whatcha know, it led into this whole ‘discover myself’ period tweens are famous for.
Come April 2014, facing the big ‘25’, I began to feel old. I had a brief panic attack about all those things I wasn’t doing, and all those things I wasn’t saying.
So. I began to write. Seriously. Regularly. Critically. And I came up, if I dare say so myself, a reasonably cool story.
I hope you enjoy the hell out of it. If you do, please leave me a review on the online retailer where you discovered my novel.
Cheers! 
*I’m using ‘tween’ as Tolkien intended it to be used.
