Soul Hosts
Joseph Isaacs
Chapter 1 							
The Gray Man
	
I do not know what game the gray man plays -Kolram	

	-<>-

Forking right at the blacksmith's shop, Wayden kept a brisk pace. His worn leather shoes slapped the cobblestones, sweat drenched his much-patched robe. Glancing back through glaring sunlight, he spotted his black-hooded stalker, jostling through a crowd of market-goers, sword swaying at his side. 
Wayden's heartbeat thundered in his ears. The wizard in his mind calmed him, but it only helped so much.
"Why would someone be following a lowly orphan like me?"  Wayden asked the mage.
  Wayden's forehead itched, signaling that Grandmaster Kolram was preparing to respond. "'Tis strange. One wouldn't think a fifteen-year-old dressed in worn robes would make a likely target for a thief."
Wayden tried to stay calm, to think. "Maybe he's after the bounty on unauthorized use of magic?" 
"But how could he be aware of my presence?" Kolram asked.
"I haven't told anyone."
Wayden risked a glance. His pursuer's face . . . gray . . . an Ozac. Wayden's shoulders tightened. Could he be the same one? 
No. 
This one was only six feet tall- a foot shorter than the one who killed Nanny.
A familiar face, a friendly acolyte who helped run services at the red temple, headed towards an alley. 
"Thank the Source! He'll help me." 
"Wait!" Kolram said.
 Wayden darted in front of a rickshaw and past a man selling fish at a stand.
"Now we are trapped in a deserted alley with no one to help us but a weak acolyte," Kolram grumbled.
Wayden wavered at the alley entrance. Should he follow the acolyte deeper into the alley or try to dash past the Ozac?
Across the street, the stalker glared, red eyes burning beneath his cowl. Wayden's stomach churned. The Ozac stepped forward, but a merchant stepped in his path. "Fish, for you, Sir. Very good quality."
"No." He tried to step around the merchant, but the fishmonger moved with him as if they were disgruntled dance partners.
"How much you want to pay? I'll give you a deal."
Wayden barely registered the words. His pursuer pulled his hood back, revealing silver hair and gray skin mottled with green blemishes. Memories of the first Ozac Wayden had ever seen flashed through his mind - the muscled behemoth had shattered the barricaded door with his spiked mace.
"Focus, Wayden," Kolram said. "You need to be in the moment."
Wayden breathed deeply, slowing his hammering heart. This wasn't the same dark-gray giant from his nightmares. This one's skin was lighter and body leaner. He wielded a sword rather than a mace, but tall or short, mace or sword, being pursued by an Ozac was not a matter to be taken lightly. 
Wayden couldn't retreat now, the gray man blocked his path. He bolted into the alley, the fishmonger's voice fading behind him, "Ah, you're an Ozac. I do a lot of business in Alatia."
The tail of the acolyte's maroon cloak disappeared around a corner into an adjoining alley. Wayden decided the acolyte was his best bet. He followed, making his way past stacked kegs and timber. 
The alley walls seemed to close in. A noxious odor assaulted him. A trickle of foul water flowed through the cracked ground beneath his feet. 
Wayden followed the acolyte into yet another alley. "It's a maze back here."
"Tis strangely elaborate," Kolram said.
Wayden turned another corner, hoping to find salvation, and instead found himself facing a wall of muscle. A broad-shouldered man towered over him. A tattoo of a viper spiraled across his features, its inked tail running across the expanse of his bare chest. The hulk of a man seized Wayden's robed arm. 
"Where you thinkin' you be goin'?"
The man's breath was nauseating - an odd mix of tobacco, liver, and booze.
"Oh! Sorry, wrong turn." Wayden tried to pull away, but the man's grip tightened. 
Behind Viper-Tattoo, Wayden saw the acolyte handing a coin to a short man with a huge mole on his nose. Mole-nose pocketed the coin and began to trace circles in the air. He flexed his fingers and chanted in a deep guttural voice. A mist emerged from the acolyte's mouth, slowly rising.
The acolyte's face grew pale and his eyes bulged, veins protruded from his sweat-slicked forehead. Wayden wondered if he was witnessing a murder, until Mole-nose suddenly ceased his chanting and the acolyte's face returned to normal. 
The acolyte murmured, "More. Please, more." The mist slipped back into the acolyte's mouth. "No. . . don't stop . . . please."
"A spell used as a narcotic?" Kolram mused.
 "No time for that now," Wayden responded. "I've got to escape!"
Viper-Tattoo's grip remained solid.
"Boss, look what I be findin'," the big man said to Mole-nose.
The acolyte's eyes widened with recognition as he caught Wayden's gaze. He did not look nearly as friendly as he had in the temple. He swore with words that caused Wayden to blush, and then rushed down a side passage, leaving Wayden alone with Mole-nose and his goon. 
Wayden swallowed hard.
Mole-nose sauntered forward, his eyes narrowed. He wore a tan robe filigreed with silver swirls - well dressed for a man who hung around alleys. His voice was as sharp as the curved dagger hanging on his belt. "Who sent you here, boy?"
"No one."
Mole-nose drew the blade. "Just like exploring back alleyways, do you?"
Wayden closed his eyes. This is it. Mother, I'm coming to join you.
 "Ah, son, there you are!" His pursuer emerged from around the corner. "What are you doing back here?" 
Wayden's insides twisted. The question now was not whether he'd be caught, but which beast would do the catching. 
"Please pardon my son." The gray man smiled at Mole-nose. "He's a bit short on brains. Can't leave the boy for a moment without him wandering off."
Viper-Tattoo laughed. "Your father be an Ozac? No wonder you be so dumb."
Mole-nose snorted. "You're telling me that's your son? You take me for a fool?"
"I take you for a man to be honored and respected." The Ozac removed a jingling bag of coins from his robe. He took out a silver piece. "I'm his stepfather. I am most sorry to have troubled you. Please take this gift as a token of my sincere regret. Come along, son. We're going to be late." 
Mole-nose nodded at Viper-Tattoo, who released Wayden's arm. A gray skinned hand replaced it. Wayden had never asked to host Kolram. Now he'd go to prison for it. It was unfair.
Wayden tried to pull free again, as the Ozac led him onto the main street. "Let. Me. Go!"
 "Boy, let me explain-" the Ozac began.
"Please, Sir." The fishmonger grabbed at the Ozac's arm and shook it. "Business is slow and my child is very sick." 
Wayden saw his opportunity. He wrenched his arm free and bolted.
 "Wait!" the Ozac shouted.
Waiting was the last thing on Wayden's mind. Weaving through the throng of merchants and buyers, he almost tripped over a beggar child shaking a tin can. A quick glance revealed no pursuer. After running like this for a notch of the sun dial, he slowed, not wanting to be overconfident of escape, but also wary of attracting attention from the city guard.
Another notch later, he reached the orphanage gate and allowed himself a deep breath. The sign, hung from an iron fence read, 'The Dracon's Home for Unadoptable Boys', but today it might as well have read 'Safety'.
Never thought I'd be happy to see that sign.
Rory, a burly orphanage worker, leaned against the gate bars. He stared at Wayden with his good eye, the lazy one staring off into space. "Do you have it, Wayden?" 
"Quick." Wayden's shoulders tightened. "Open. I'll give it to you once I'm inside." 
"What's your rush?" Rory asked scratching behind one of his elephantine ears. "The wraiths after you?"
"Rory, please."
 Rory pulled up a bolt and swung the gate open. "Did she give it to you?"
With the clang of metal closing behind him, Wayden's heart settled. He searched his pocket, afraid the letter had been lost, but it was still there. The parchment, and Wayden's robes, were damp with perspiration, but it was still legible. 
"Go on then." Rory nodded at the letter. "Read it."
Wayden cleared his throat. "Me dearest honeysuckles, you be as beautiful as a dragon's egg. I be lovin' you something fierce. Love and kisses, Sugar Pie."
Rory smiled. "That's lovely." He took the note from Wayden and tenderly studied it before placing it into his pocket. His face hardened and he glared at Wayden. "Don't tell anyone about this, and come by later to get me response. Don't forget, or I'll be makin' you sorry, Toast."
Wayden's burn-marked forehead tightened at Rory reverting to his nickname. He was Wayden when Rory wanted something, but as soon as the favor was done, it was back to Toast.
Wayden turned and looked toward the street, half fearing to see his pursuer standing there, but he saw only market goers and merchants. Was that the last Wayden would see of the Ozac? If he was followed because of Kolram, how had the gray man known?
 "Do you think the Ozac might be a Magic-finder?" Wayden asked.
"Magic-finders' hands glow when they draw near practitioners of magic," Kolram said. "You would know this if you paid better attention to my lectures."
"What's that, Kolram? I fell asleep. You were lecturing."
"If only I had been hosted by your brother."
The wizard's remarks irked him. They echoed his mother's endless unfavorable comparisons to his twin-brother, Mavik. Why can't you study like your brother? Well, Mavik had studied. Had it done him any good?
A voice from the crowded street caught Wayden's attention. That voice- could it be? The sensation of ice snakes slithered down his spine. "Excuse me. Coming through."
The silver-haired Ozac was pushing past a beggar woman and making his way to the gate. Wayden froze unsure whether to run, hide, cry, or scream. He settled for standing there looking stupid.
"I need to talk to your master," the gray man said to Rory.
No! So unfair! I was sure I'd escaped.
A soldier rode around the bend. If Wayden's heart had been sinking at the sight of the Ozac, it now had completely submerged. The Ozac could just call to the soldier and have them seize Wayden, but the gray man watched the guard ride away wordlessly. Wayden exhaled.
"Hmm," Kolram said, "Perhaps he isn't trying to collect a bounty after all."
"Then why is he following me?"
"I do not know what game the gray man plays."
The orphans, most with red hair like Wayden, stopped weeding the vegetable path and gawked at the gangly Ozac.
 "You can speak with me," Rory said. "I'm second-in-command."
"I'm sure you are a man of great skill," the Ozac said. "Unfortunately, it is to the master I must speak. Please take this as a token of my appreciation." The Ozac pulled out a coin from his purse. Rory's eyes widened as the Ozac passed the money through the gate's bars.
Rory pocketed it with a smile, pushed the squeaky rod up, and swung the gate open. "Why, come right in, Sir."
Wayden's legs quivered as he watched the Ozac stride forward. His cloak swung open, revealing a black doublet embroidered with golden coils. He leaned close to Wayden. "Don't look so terrified, boy. If I wanted you dead, you'd be on the ash pyre by now." He smiled, revealing pointed teeth.
Was the Ozac telling the truth? He hadn't done anything to him. But then why was he following him?
The sound of hoof beats and voices from the road drew Wayden's attention. "Make way for the Guard Draconi! In the name of the Dracon, stand aside!" A second group of soldiers on a horse-drawn wagon were shouting at the crowd. To Wayden's alarm, they were heading straight towards the orphanage. 
"Open the gates!" one of the orange-caped guards commanded.
One of the guards guided the wagon to a halt in the yard, while a second soldier climbed out of the rear and appeared to be helping someone down. The Ozac's eyes widened and glimmered, staring at this new arrival. And then the guard shifted and Wayden caught sight of the new arrival was a boy about his own age . . . purple hair . . . dark skin . . . a Tulkarian.
Wayden's heart beat like thunder. He clenched his teeth.
 First the Ozac, and now this. Two ghosts from the past in one day. Memories of that horrendous day flooded Wayden's mind. A tall Tulkarian Sky Raider, purple hair pulled back in a ponytail . . . his big black-winged wolf  by his side . . . black-feathered arrow nocked and readied . . . mother's face . . . the cruel smile . . .a flower, a flower . . . red flower.
But just as it hadn't been the same Ozac, this was not the same Tulkarian. This one was short, thin, and vulnerable. He was the perfect target for the rage that had been building up inside Wayden all these years. It was not the Tulkarian or the Ozac that truly scared him, but the anger inside himself, boiling, ready to erupt.





Chapter 2 					
Cold-Blooded Killers Wanted

If she lifts up a chamber pot, you'd best duck. - Cook
-<>-
For the first time in seven years, Wayden was in the presence of both a Tulkarian and an Ozac. He found his memory jerked back to that dismal day seven years ago . . . the day his world fell apart. He had been short for an eight-year old, and so he clambered onto the inside ledge of his manor's bay window. The invasion horn blared again - three short trills followed by a long one. The approaching sky wolves, at first just dots, sprouted wings as they drew closer. Excitement swirled in Wayden's mind. He'd see a real battle!
Mavik, Nanny, and Mother erected a rickety barricade in front of the door using every piece of furniture available from the foyer. Then they waited. The stomping of boots and men's rough voices signaled an enemy's approach. A rank smell filled the air.
The door shuddered as something slammed into it. A second blow split the door into jagged splinters. The remnants of the door and the barricade gave way, as the Ozac crashed through. He was followed by two others wearing the black studded armor of Skyraiders and necklaces of dried fingers. A one-eared Sky-Raider touched a torch to the drapes. Flames consumed the fabric.
 The Ozac swung his mace, crushing Nanny's jaw, sending her shattered teeth skittering across the floor. Her body crumpled to the floor, a halo of blood forming around her disfigured head. 
Wayden felt a shriek boil up inside him. It seemed to course through his whole body. What happened next was a blur. Somehow he ended up running while holding both his mother's hand and Mavik's. All three of them were in tears as they raced through the blazing house. A torch had been thrown through the broken scullery window, and the thickening smoke forced them into a slow crawl. The ceiling groaned. 
Wayden looked up just as a burning cinder plummeted onto him. Grabbing his injured forehead, he screamed, releasing his brother's hand. By the time he caught another glimpse of Mavik, a man with a goat's face was pulling him out the back door. 
His mother chased the goat man, towing Wayden along with her. They raced out onto the rear porch. A Tulkarian Sky Raider waited in the yard, arrow nocked. His long purple hair swayed as he released the bow string. 
Mother's grip tightened. She turned, revealing a bloody arrow shaft buried in her chest. It was just like the watercolor prophecy his brother Mavik had painted the day before, of the crimson flower forming on her lily-white dress-
Wayden's world was his mother. The sounds of battle barely touched the periphery of his attention. His eyes couldn't leave her, her head in his lap, pale-faced, tears moistening her cheeks, lips trembling. 
 "I'm sorry, Wayden." Her voice was so weak, so faint.
"No. You can't die." The ground felt like it was crumbling beneath him. He remembered thinking he never got to eat his apple crumble. He flushed with shame at the memory.
Wayden never could recall what happened next. From what he could piece together afterwards, Red Kingdom soldiers arrived with several dragons and chased off the invaders. His next clear memory was of a bumpy wagon ride to Vilanos crowded in with other refugees from his decimated hometown.
Wayden blinked away the memory. The pain was washed away by the drug of anger, as he stared at the trembling purple-haired boy being escorted through the muddy yard. The seashells in the boy's braids clicked with each step.
 "A Tulkarian." Wayden gritted his teeth. "A wraithin' Tulkarian." 
 "Language, young Wayden," Grandmaster Kolram said. "No need to use the 'w' word. This is not the Tulkarian Sky Raider who killed your mother. That one was two feet taller, a decade older, and wore a necklace of dried fingers, as I recall."
"A Tulkarian is a Tulkarian."
"And a Helesian is a Helesian," Kolram responded. "The Sky Raider who torched your mansion had the red hair so common in our land. Should all red-haired Helesians be accountable for burning down your house?"
The guards flanked the Tulkarian boy, who shuffled forward, lifting his bloodshot, swollen eyes from the ground only for moments at a time. Tears streaked his puffy cheeks and his lip trembled. 
A strange sensation pulled at Wayden, growing in intensity as the boy approached. It was an odd sensation. It was as if an invisible string connected him to the Tulkarian. The boy might have felt it too, for the few times he did glance upwards, he looked at Wayden curiously. 
Wayden had felt a bond like this towards Mavik. He'd thought it was because they were twins, but if so, why would he be linked with a Tulkarian? His stomach twisted and churned.
The guard escorting the Tulkarian nodded at Rory. The orange cape and the single flame on his surcoat marked him as a low-ranking Flicker.
"You brought us some fresh meat," Rory said, with a grin. 
"It's been a long day for us, Rory," the guard said. "We had to haul this one's mother over to the Volcano Palace for unauthorized use of magic. On top of that, we found another murdered girl."
"The Striker again?" Rory asked.
"The dead girl was red-headed, young, pretty, no marks on her body. Sounds like the Striker to me."
"You need to get him behind bars, or better yet, in a grave." Rory fingered his folded love letter. "It ain't safe for a lady no more." 
"Them lot couldn't catch a fish from a bowl of Cook's stew," a voice boomed from the doorway. Master Crag's beady eyes gleamed at the new orphan. "Brought us a Tulkarian, eh? Well, we always do get the bottom of the barrel here. Still, the Draconess is coming soon to do her count, so another head means another coin."
Crag stepped off the front stoop, the heels of his ox-hide boots squishing in the muddy yard. He wore a new hat, this one with only three brims and spiky orange feathers on top.
The guard muttered to himself as he headed back to the wagon. The Ozac stood there watching everything, a big grin on his face. 
"What's your name, boy?" Crag asked the Tulkarian.
"I'm R-R-Rif."
Stupid Tulkarian can't even talk right, Wayden thought.
"Well, R-R-Rif," Crag said. "You'd be wise not to cause any trouble." He motioned with his cane at Wayden. "Toast, show the new boy around. Oh and get my grandmother her stew. That'll be your job from now on."
Wayden felt like he'd just taken two kicks to the stomach. Showing the Tulkarian around was bad enough, but Crag's grandmother? She was a known loon.
"Me? But I thought the new maid-"
"The new maid quit last night. My grandma decided to empty the contents of her chamber pot on her. Now it's your job."
"What? That's not-" Wayden blurted out.
"No arguing, Toast!" Crag said. He slapped a tarnished key into Wayden's palm. Crag turned to Rory, gesturing towards the Ozac. "Is this your new lady friend?"
Rory blushed. "Master Crag. If you please, this gentleman be wanting to have words with you."
"And who might you be?" Crag asked with a sneer.
"I'm called Anaz," the Ozac answered. "I'd like to discuss a private matter."
"You can like it all you want, you ain't getting it," Crag said, picking his teeth.
Anaz pulled out another of his coins. "I'll compensate you for your time." He handed the money to Crag.
 "Well, then," Crag smiled, holding the coin up to the light. "Follow me. What a lucky day this has been."
Lots of luck. All of it bad.
 Wayden chewed his nails as he watched Crag and Anaz disappear up the dimly lit wooden staircase that led to Crag's room. Rory made to follow, but Crag shook his head. "Go see how the Dariuses are getting along with gathering the rushes." 
Rory turned to Wayden. "What are you just standing around for? Aren't you supposed to be doing something?" 
Wayden yanked Rif's arm, towing him towards the kitchen. "If I need to show you around, then let's go."
Rif shuffled along behind him.
 "What do you think this Anaz is up to?" Wayden asked Kolram.
"I do not know," Kolram said. "If he was going to attack us or turn us to the Guard, he'd have done it by now, so I think we can rule that out. Perhaps he is here to get us to use my powers in some way."
 "I still don't get how he could know about you or that I know magic," Wayden mused. "Wouldn't he think I'm too young? There aren't any other magi my age, right?"
"None that I know of, apart from your brother," Kolram responded. "Perhaps if you hurry, you can listen in to what he is saying with Crag. Fetch the stew quickly from Cook, and you'll have an excuse to pass their door." 
Rif tugged at Wayden's sleeve. Wayden turned angrily, half hoping Rif would take a swing at him. Instead, the Tulkarian said, "I'm s-s-sorry if I've caused you any trouble."
Wayden snorted.
Stupid stuttering Tulkarian. Tulkarians, Ozacs, who would come next to the orphanage? A wraith? Perhaps they ought to hang a sign on the orphanage: 'Cold-blooded killers wanted.' Maybe they could get the Striker to stay as well.
"Wayden, some self-control!" Kolram said. "Some Tulkarians are killers, and some aren't. The same with every other race. Wherever the borders fall, people are just people."
There was no doorknob on the scullery, so Wayden stuck his hand into the hole where one ought to have been. A pair of metal tongs squeezed Wayden's fingers. Wayden shook his fingers in pain, as Cook cackled. 
"No one likes Cook's jokes except Cook," Kolram said, "but he likes them enough for everyone."
Cook was a man with a thousand warts, hairs growing out of each one. His ears were as thickly forested as his head. "Toast! And who's this?"
"A new boy - Rif," Wayden said, examining his hand. The tongs had left a red welt.
A tangy smell wafted through the air as they entered the kitchen. Wayden's hand still stung, and his anger simmered like the cauldron of stew on the hearth. Two of the orphans were cleaning dishes. The clanging metal sounded like a battle. 
Leaning over a cast-iron cauldron of stew, Cook spooned out a portion and offered it to Rif. "Try this." 
The brownish-gray stew glistened, a coat of oil blanketing its surface. Rif stared at it, lip curled, eyes wide, as if wary a tentacle might break from its surface and pull him in. Wayden's stomach, on the other hand, rumbled. He'd only been given a burnt piece of toast for breakfast, and a small portion of oats for lunch. Even Rif's seashell braided-hair looked delicious to Wayden at the moment. And the tray might be worth a bit of gnawing as well.
 "I'm not h-h-hungry."
"It's going to go into one of your holes, so you pick which." Cook sniggered.
Rif tipped the bread bowl, drinking from it a small sip. He gagged and spat out a strand of Cook's hair. Wayden never understood how Cook could have hair left on his temples when so much of it ended up in the stew. 
Cook slapped his thighs, his warts jiggling with his belly as he laughed. 
"Master Crag ordered us to bring food for his grandma," Wayden said.
 "Did he now? Ye'll be wearing the food, most like." Cook burst into another round of guffaws.
 "He should charge himself admission to his own show," Kolram suggested.
"Master Crag asked us to deliver the food quickly," Wayden added.
Cook gestured to one of the orphans doing the washing. "Tall Darius - get me Healer Berik's powder. We gotta give Mistress Night her calming medicine before she throws another chamber pot, don't we?"
The orphan hurried to take a vial of yellow powder out of a cabinet. Cook sprinkled it in a bread bowl of stew. He placed it on a wooden tray and handed it to Rif. 
"We put Mistress Night's medicine in there to help her sleep. She's a bit moody. If she lifts up her chamber pot, you'd best duck." Cook's laughter followed them as they headed out of the scullery into the main room.
One of the orphans paused from mopping, and waved at Rif. "Aye there Tulkarian. I be Handsome Darius. And this here is Little Darius." He gestured to a thin orphan, who was scrubbing the table. 
Before Rif could respond, Wayden said, "Come on, Tulkarian. Crag told us to hurry." Hopefully, he wouldn't be too late to overhear Crag's conversation with Anaz. 
As they headed up the stairs, Rif asked, "Why are so many people round here called D-D-Darius?"
"They're named in honor of the Immortal who founded Vilanos, Darius Dragonking."
"I thought he f-f-founded the whole Red Lands of Helos." 
"He did, but he lived here. Be quiet for a moment, I want to see if I can find out about this Ozac."
Rif looked puzzled at this, but said nothing as Wayden pressed his ear up against Crag's door. 
"I can't afford another guard," Crag said.
Anaz's voice had taken on the cordial tone he'd used with Mole-nose. "You don't need to pay me."
"You'll work here without pay? Why?" 
"I have my reasons. They won't matter to you," Anaz said.
"I see. Not asking questions is harder than you might think." 
"You mean more expensive than I thought." 
Wayden heard the jingling of a purse. That sounded like a fair amount of coin to give away. He was paying to work at the orphanage. He was obviously interested in Wayden and Rif, but why?
 "Well that ought to buy us brandy for the winter. We've a deal!"
Wayden raced away from the door towards Rif as footsteps approached. The door swung open, Crag emerged and stood on the landing, his arm around the Ozac's shoulder.
"Toast! Rif! Good, delivering the stew for my grandmother. Nice to see you being prompt for a change," Crag said, beaming. "Say hello to our new guard, Anaz." 
Wayden's tongue wouldn't operate, his lungs wouldn't fill. Luckily, after an awkward moment, Rif spoke for them, "Congratulations, M-m-master Anaz."
Crag stared into his coin purse, admiring his windfall. "Let's go to the inn for a drink to celebrate. Perhaps, I'll buy a new robe while we're out. I might be a Fire-Whisperer soon." Crag straightened his hat. "I've been selected in the choosing this year. I could be working for the Dracon at the Red Palace."
"What an honor that would be," Anaz said.
Crag and Anaz headed downstairs. Wayden shook his head. The man who had pursued him just a notch of the sundial ago was now under his roof. Why was he so interested in Wayden that he'd take a job for no pay?
 "H-h-hear anything interesting?" Rif asked.
For a brief moment Wayden considered confiding in the Tulkarian. Then he remembered he hated Tulkarians.
"Not really. Come on then."
"Th-th-thanks for showing me around."
The Tulkarian acted polite, but who knew what really lay beneath the surface?
"Exactly," Kolram said, "It could be good or bad, you don't know. Give the boy a chance."
"Has anyone ever given me a chance? He could be . . . " An thought chilled Wayden. "He could be the Striker."
"Hardly seems likely. What about Mole-nose? The Striker leaves victims without a mark on their body. That mist spell Mole-nose cast - was something about it-"
"What's your name?" Rif asked, as they proceeded up the staircase, past the storerooms on the fourth floor, towards the fifth and final floor. "It's not really T-T-Toast?"
 "No. My name isn't Toast. I'm Wayden." 
 "I had a friend in Tulkaria named Wayden. Why is the orphanage so much t-t-taller than the other buildings in Vilanos?"
"It used to be a tower for the insane," Wayden said. Then he added with a smile. "Still is, some say."
Then Wayden remembered he was supposed to hate this boy. He sped faster up the stairs, Rif panting after him. When they reached the fifth-floor landing, Wayden allowed himself a moment to take in his favorite view. The last rays of sunset shone sharp reds and rich purples on the horizon. The night was coming, and Wayden would spend it with an Ozac and a Tulkarian under his roof.
 A little shove and there would be no more Tulkarian.
"And who would be the cold-blooded killer then?" Kolram asked.
Wayden sighed. He knew the wizard was right. It was just that there was so much anger bubbling inside him.
"Save your rage for Gar Skymaster," Kolram thought. "It was he that ordered the raid. It is he who should face justice."
 "Is it true a dr-dr-dragon lives in there?" Rif pointed at the Red Palace. The volcanic fortress jutted upwards on the eastern skyline, its craterous tip like a dragon's mouth, and its sloped sides, folded wings. 
"It's true."
"I've never seen one." 
 "When did you move to Helos?"
"Just a month ago," Rif replied. 
"If you'd grown up here, you'd have seen hundreds of them, before the dragon plague. Even a year ago, you would have seen Volkanus, the last dragon, flying around. He's been sick lately, and there hasn't been a hatching in a while. There might be no more dragons soon."
Rif's eyes lit up and he pointed towards the three domed temples in the distance. "Ah, the Mercy is that w-w-way. That's where Ma and I lived."
 "So you lived near the Wall of Flames?" Wayden asked. "What's it like?"
 Far past the temple stood the Wall of Flames, where fiery plumes of lava burst up as far as the eye could see. Wayden dreamt he'd see the Wall for himself someday.
"The Wall was str-str-strange. No heat came from it, but they say if you touched it you would burn. How l-l-long have you been in the orphanage?" 
"Seven years ago, a Tulkarian loosed an arrow into my mother, ransacked my town, and kidnapped by brother. Been here ever since."
"I'm s-s-sorry."
Wayden spat on the stairs. "Aye, well, so was she."
"I hate T-T-Tulkar."
This caught Wayden off guard. "Why?" 
"Well, what the Diamond Kings have done to it, anyway. They've restarted the slave trade. My ma and I, we r-r-ran away. But my sisters and my father were enslaved," Rif wiped something from his eye. "What about your father? Was he killed by Tulkarians too?"
 "My father disappeared a decade ago, leading a quest to bring Gar Skymaster to justice," Wayden paused for a moment. Rif looked devastated at this news. Kolram might be right. Perhaps, this boy wasn't to blame. "When I turn sixteen, I'm going to become a free-sword and rescue my father and brother, if they're still alive. I'll see the Skymaster pay."
"There are a lot of the Sky R-R-Raiders, aren't there? And they have winged wolves. Are you sure you can fight all of them?"
"I'm sure," Wayden said. He knew it was foolish to think he could take on the Sky Raiders singlehandedly, but he'd never admit that aloud. Especially to a Tulkarian. At the same time he couldn't give up the hope of it. It was all that kept him going. 
Rif didn't seem bad, Wayden had to admit. The Ozac seemed like the greater threat. What could Wayden do about it though? Talking to the authorities was out. Even if they believed Wayden had never cast a spell in his life, it might not matter. Kolram suspected Dracon Niar might be collecting the magi for some nefarious purpose, and the unauthorized magic ban was just an excuse for it.
 One of Kolram's memories was of the Dracon summoning all the Grandmasters to a temple the day they were murdered. The Dracon ordered them to wear blindfolds to 'increase their concentration' for an important ritual. After that, the memories all went dark.
Rory was yelling something downstairs. How much time had Wayden wasted gawking at the scenery? The last rays of the sunset were gone, and the sky was a canopy of stars.
"Rory will be up here with his whip if we don't get moving," Wayden said, removing the keys from his pocket and fumbling to find the lock. In all his years in the orphanage, he'd never been inside her room. With a click, the door opened and they entered.
The stench from Mistress Night's chamber pot made Wayden crinkle his nose. On a small table, a yellowed parchment fluttered, its corner weighed down by an ink pot. 
 A large cauldron of water was mounted on a brazier in the corner of the room. Wayden's brother, Mavik, had owned a similar one, emblazoned with an eye, the symbol of the Splashers. Was Crag's grandmother a water prophetess? More importantly, where was she?
 A cross breeze tugged at Wayden. A trio of candle flames danced in the cool breeze that crept through billowing curtains. He stared at the open window.
 Then he heard it. An old woman's cackle. 
Coming from the window ledge. 
Chapter 3							
Stars and Rats

If you want to be a hero, be one. There is no secret to it. - Kolram

-<>-

Wayden rushed past Rif to the window. Mistress Night stood on the ledge, dressed in a white bed-gown, staring through a telescope. The wind whipped at her long, ghost-white hair, and her gown flapped against her legs. Twilight had faded, and Night was studying the heavens with her telescope. A shooting star flew past. Turning to look at it, she teetered on the narrow ledge. Wayden swallowed. If Crag's grandmother fell five stories on his first day on the job, he'd be accused of murder. 
"Mistress!" Wayden pleaded. "Please come back inside!"
Night turned and cackled. Her face was a crosshatch of scars. "Why don't you come get me?"
 "Please, Mistress. You'll fall."
"Come out here with me, or else . . ." Mistress Night said, dangling one foot over the edge and waggling it.
"If I come out there, will you come back in with me?" 
She nodded, the wind blowing her hair like a flag of surrender.
Wayden took a breath and pulled himself onto the ledge. His knees wobbled as he inched sideways. He could see the street-dwellers' tiny fires flickering below, as well as the illuminated windows of shops and homes. He didn't like to imagine what his body would look like after a five-story fall. Cool air blew past him, yet sweat still trickled down his forehead, stinging his eyes. The ground swirled beneath him. 
Night spun towards Wayden, moving her face within a hairsbreadth of his own. By some miracle he kept his balance. Her breath carried the smell of dead fish, as she leaned in and kissed Wayden on the lips. He tasted cod liver oil. His stomach heaved. 
When skin touched skin, Kolram's Glimpser powers took Wayden. His thoughts swirled as he sank into Night's mind. 
Wayden was a young Night now. Night clutched her dolly as she watched snow pile against the frosted windows. She was waiting in the cabin for Mother to return -half afraid she wouldn't, and half afraid she would.
She eyed the trapdoor Mother had forbidden her to enter. Something dangerous lived down there. Night took the key from the hollow in the statuette where Mother had hidden it. With a click, she unlocked the hatch, lifting it to reveal a long dark tunnel. 
Just as quickly as they'd come, Night's memories faded. Wayden pulled away, spluttering, unsure if he was in a cabin in the snow or on a ledge. Looking down, he could see it was the latter. He tottered, but managed to grab the ridge between the wooden sideboards keeping his balance.
Night snickered. "You didn't like my kiss?"
Wayden couldn't speak. Couldn't breathe.
"Mistress Night," Rif called from the window. "You promised you would come b-b-b-back in."
"A promise made is a promise kept." Night slapped the telescope against Wayden's chest and clambered back through the window. Rif helped Night down from the ledge. Wayden, still trembling, climbed back in. He leaned for a moment against the window glass giving a silent prayer of thanks to Darius for saving him.
"Let us celebrate!" Night threw her arms into the air and spun, her gown billowing out like an upside down lily.
"C-c-celebrate what?" Rif asked, looking as pale as Wayden felt.
"The future," Night replied. "For the future is dark, and darkness belongs to the night. The Eve of the Three Moons is coming."
"Three Moons' Night," Rif said. "My b-b-birthday." 
Wayden froze. Rif's birthday was Wayden's too. Could it be a coincidence? 
"Your next birthday will be one you will never forget."
 "Why? Wh-wh-what's going to happen?" Rif asked.
"My grandmother shall be freed," Night said. Storm clouds seemed to swirl in her eyes. They pulsed black for a moment.
"The grandmother of Crag's Grandma . . ." Kolram's thoughts resonated through Wayden's skull. "She must be a Descendant of an Immortal, if she is still alive."
Wayden felt as dizzy as if he were still on the ledge. Mistress Night the descendant of an Immortal?
"The Immortals had many offspring and their offspring many more. I myself had a drop of the Dragonking's blood running through my veins. Back when I had veins."
"How long can Descendants of Immortals live?"
"Have you paid attention to nothing I've taught?" Kolram sighed. "The sons and daughters of Immortals can live thousands of years. Less direct descendants can be hundreds of years old."
"How old are you?"
"I'll never tell."
The Immortals fell from the sky three millennia ago, but no one ever knew where they came from. Wayden had grown up worshipping the Dragonking like everyone else in his family. Kolram claimed the Dragonking was not a God, that the true Gods were above them in the sky. 
Night poked Wayden. "Are you still with us boy? You looked like you were asleep on your feet."
"Sorry, I do that sometimes."
Rif stepped towards Night. "Is there anything we c-c-can get for you?"
Night fixed him with a stare. "Hoping for a kiss, too?" She cackled at Rif's blushing face. "I'm only jesting, boy. No need to do an impression of a tomato. Sing me the song of Night."
Wayden surprised himself by realizing he was rather starting to like the Tulkarian. "Leave him alone. There's no need to make fun-"
Sweet notes emerged from Rif's lips. Wayden's mouth fell open as he listened to Rif sing a beautiful, haunting ballad without a trace of his stutter or Tulkarian accent:

Fire burn with your dark light
Shine your soul, shine tonight
Bring her back, bring back mother
Mother mine, Mother Night

Stolen she was, stolen from me
For the sake of men's hatred, for the sake of their greed
Mother mine, Mother Night
Bring her back, back to me

Robed in red, robed in gold
Day is harsh, the gaudy light
Mother is cloaked in the shades of the dead
The stars stitch silver with a mysterious thread
Bring back my fire, bring back my night

Night sighed and closed her eyes. "Lovely. I'll have that stew, now."
Wayden passed the bowl. He'd heard that song before sung by a bard. He'd always thought the song more Kaldian than Tulkarian because of its reference to the dead. I wonder how Rif knew it.
"Why were you on the l-l-ledge?" Rif asked.
"The stars can speak as loudly as water," Night answered.
"I'm sorry your grandson l-l-locks you in here," Rif said.
"The door isn't locked, and what's so bad about here? I have the stars and the rats to keep me company. It's as good a place as any to wait. My grandmother waits too, beneath the Earth, trapped by Guardians." 
"Who is your grandmother?" Wayden asked.
 Night stepped over to the closed window and placed her palms against the glass. "Once I waited for months until my mother returned. Waiting. We are all waiting. Waiting for a prince to come." She dropped her voice to a whisper. "My prince is death." 
"What do you m-m-mean?" Rif asked.
She turned back towards Wayden and Rif, smiling, the candlelight dancing in her eyes. "Here I have fish stew and sleep powder. My grandson is a fool. He denies his heritage. But I make use of him. He attempts to please those holy men, the Fire Whisperers. He thinks one day he'll join them at the Court of Flame. He dreams of a veil, when he could have the world. I have faith in shadows. The shadows are coming. My grandmother will be awoken. And you, boy," she gestured at Wayden, "will do the awakening."
Wayden's stomach twisted. Did Night mean the Shadow Queen? Wayden would not awake that evil friend of wraiths. So why did she foresee that he would? He knew from his experiences with Mavik's watercolors that prophecy was real. But Night's behavior was so erratic. What was true prophecy and what were just the ravings of a mad woman?
 She yawned and rubbed her eyes. "Ah, leave me boys; I feel sleep coming on. Perhaps my prince is sleep." 
Rif and Wayden left, bearing dirty dishes and the foul smelling chamber pot. Night's voice resonated in the dark stairwell behind them.
"Mother is cloaked in the shades of the dead."
Rif turned to Wayden. "Whooo. Is it always so . . . interesting . . . around here?"
A notch later, after washing the dishes and chamber pot, it was bedtime. Rif and Wayden headed to the sleeping quarters, a plain room with rushes laid on the hard wood. Several of the boys lounged amidst the fibrous reeds. Big Darius threw a mumbly ball against the wall, but Cursed Darius caught it and shouted, "Mumbly!" Big Darius swore, and reluctantly handed over a copper to Cursed Darius. 
Cursed Darius pocketed the ball with a smirk. "Who's cursed tonight, huh?" 
Rif looked around. "Where are the sleeping p-p-pallets?"
"No pallets," Wayden said.
Rif's eyes widened. "Don't they give us bl-bl-blankets?"
Big Darius pushed Rif's shoulder, none too gently. "Don't they give us bl-bl-blankets?" Big Darius's voice was a high-pitched mockery of Rif's. "Shut yer yap, yah wraithin' Tulkarian."
Wayden wanted to come to Rif's defense, but he'd been beaten severely by Big Darius on more than one occasion. The boy was bigger and stronger.
"Leave him alone." One of the orphans, Kazor, stepped between Rif and Big Darius.
 Kazor was as tall as Big Darius, but not nearly as bulky. 
Big Darius shoved Kazor backwards a step. "You a Tulkarian-lover? Got yourself a new boyfriend?"
Kazor shoved back. The Dariuses swarmed around chanting, "Fight! Fight! Fight!" 
Rory's voice called through the ceiling: "I don't wanna be hearin' a peep. You make me come down there, and you'll be regretting it."
Big Darius ran a finger across his throat, then turned away, off to his corner. 
Rif approached Kazor, his eyes glistening. "Th-th-thank you. That was very br-br-brave."
"Don't think anything of it," Kazor said. He looked pointedly at Wayden. "Any decent person would have done the same." 
Wayden flushed. He'd done it again. Just like when he'd stood by while Quiet Darius was beaten up by Big Darius.
Kazor, Little, and Quiet Darius had stopped speaking to Wayden after that. They were right. He should have tried.
"For shame, young Wayden. You stand there and do nothing," Kolram said.
Wayden's stomach tightened. "What is it you want me to do? You might be some great Grandmaster, but I can't cast a spell, or they'll throw me in prison. I'm no one, alright?"
"You waver back and forth from believing you can defeat the Sky Raiders single-handedly and thinking you're nothing at all," Kolram said, "The truth lies in between. Everyone is important and we all play a role in the events that unwind around us. Whether yours will be for good or ill, remains in your hands.
	"I'm no hero. I'm a coward," Wayden thought.
	"If you want to be a hero, be one," Kolram said, "There is no secret to it."
	Rif drifted off after a while, but Wayden couldn't sleep. A draft seeped through the wooden floorboards. Without blankets, the orphans squished together for heat. They teased each other about it, but all ended up huddling. For Wayden, this meant sometimes he set off Kolram's Glimpser powers. Wayden relived whatever memory the Glimpse happened to pick up on-usually not the pleasant ones. 
As a rule, Wayden guarded against touching, but the connection he felt with Rif made him curious. If he touched Rif, would the Tulkarian wake, and wonder what Wayden was up to? If he didn't though, he might never get the answers he desperately sought. Wayden decided to chance it. His fingers touched the Tulkarian's wrist. He let his mind swirl with Rif's, until he felt he was the Tulkarian.
Rif and his mother walked through a row of shops in the Mercy, bearing wicker baskets overflowing with wet laundry. The light from the yellow and orange moons intermingled, reflecting off the wet cobblestones. 
Rif's mother hummed a Tulkarian tune, a haunting melody. Freckles dotted her high cheekbones. It was a busy day, and they had ended up washing the laundry after dinner. Rif didn't want to bother, but his mother couldn't abide wearing dirty clothes. "Just because we haven't much coin, doesn't mean we have to dress in our own filth."
 They passed the Purple Dragon's Inn. The scent of tobacco and whiskey filled the alleyway. Cracked glass sprawled across the window like strands of a spider's web. Through the broken window, someone struck the opening chords on a drum harp to The Dragon and the Princess. 
Rif's mother shook her head. "I have gotten used to their food, but I'll never get used to what the Helesians call music. It sounds like a cat being gutted."
Rif liked some Helesian music, but this bard's singing was as out of tune as his harp. The crowd in the pub shouted, "Hey!" at the end of every fourth line.
A large, smelly drunk staggered out of the bar, the reek of alcohol strong on him. He flicked a matted tangle of dirty blond hair away from his protruding forehead. His stained robe dragged along the ground as he stumbled towards Rif and his mother. 
The knight he came to save the lass
and shoved his lance up the dragon's. . .
"Hey!" the crowd in the tavern shouted.
Rif and his mother turned left at a junction, and the song faded. He glanced behind him. The drunk followed, leering with bloodshot eyes. Clenching the laundry basket, Rif's knuckles whitened.
"Hey! Come here, you Tulkarian whore!" the man shouted. "Come here. I've got something for you."
Rif's mother whispered, "Walk faster. Don't look back."
They turned a corner at the tanner's shop and headed toward the darkened street that lead to their home. The drunk charged forward, a jagged knife in hand. As Rif screamed, the man grabbed Rif's mother and put the knife against her neck. "Lock thy lips boy, or I'll slit her open."
The laundry spilled into a puddle on the muddy cobblestone. Their linens transformed from white to scummy brown. 
 "Help me, Arth." Rif thought frantically.
His skull itched and his head throbbed, the telltale signs that the Grandmaster was about to communicate. A deep voice sounded from inside Rif's mind, "Kill him first. Suck his soul out."
"I can't," Rif thought. " I've never killed anyone."
"Come on, darling," the drunk said. "Into the alley. We'll have some fun, me and you."
Rif's mother tried to pull loose, but the drunk held her firm.
"Go Rif," his mother said. "Run. I'll be fine." The terror in her eyes betrayed her lie.
"You have to cast the spell," Arth said, "He'll kill her if you don't. Don't kill him if you're afraid to, you can use the spell to render him weak, then return his spirit." 
Soul-stealing magic could go out of control if Rif wasn't careful. Anger and fear made it temperamental. He might end up killing his own mother by mistake. If he didn't though . . . there was no option . . . he had to try.
Rif tapped his fingers against his temples, he chanted, "Beast-like man with your steel tooth, let your soul and core come loose."
The drunk froze in mid-step, dropping the knife and gripping at his own throat as if he were choking. A white mist arose from his pale, blue lips and clung there. His eyes bulged and he gagged. A body needed its soul, as much as it needed oxygen. The man slumped to the ground. 
 "Finish him," Arth said.
"I can't."
"You're weak." Arth's voice sounded different to Wayden. Deeper.
"Leave him alone, Arth," A woman spoke in Rif's mind. "Knock him out, but don't kill him, Rif."
Rif let the soul slide back into the unconscious man, glancing around. Had anyone seen him using magic? The street was empty. He and his mother hurried home, fighting hard to breathe.
	The Glimpse began to fade, but Wayden didn't let go of it. He was fascinated. Another soul host! He wanted to learn more, though it could be dangerous to Glimpse too deeply into someone's mind. Again, he chanced it.
The scene of the memory switched, like a dream moving to a new location. 
It was an autumn afternoon. Rif gathered firewood by a pine grove, uphill from his cottage. Fallen pine needles crunched beneath his worn leather shoes. A girl with plaited red hair was gathering wood as well. She smiled at him, an innocent smile. 
Everything went dark. Rif opened his eyes. He was in a different part of the woods and the sky had turned gray. 
Rif must have had one of his blackouts. They'd happen sometimes, especially when he saw a pretty red-haired girl. He wondered if there was something wrong with him, but they were too poor to hire a healer. It had been a long blackout, for it was now at least a notch later.
Rif finished gathering the wood and headed home. He was nearly back when the clouds burst, a downpour soaking him. He rushed into their hovel, where his mother already had a cauldron boiling on the hearth.
 "You're wet as a water weasel!" His mother opened a chest, and fetched him a dry robe. "What took you so long? I was worried."
He stripped off his damp robe. The rain hammered against the roof and a flash of lightning illuminated their hide-covered windows. 
 "I bl-bl-blacked out again."
They sat on the floor with their bowls of soup. 
 "Perhaps we need leeches to bleed you?"
"I'm f-f-fine," Rif said, shuddering at the thought of leeches.
A loud knock sounded on their pine door. "Open up, in the name of the Dracon, ruler of Helos, the Red Land of Fire and Light."
Terror gripped Rif. They know I used magic.
His mother opened the door and a cold wind made the hearth-fire dance. She spoke the common tongue with a strong accent, "What you want?" 
A flash of lightning illuminated a sallow-faced officer. He was garbed in a red surcoat, which marked him as a high-ranking Flame. Behind him, followed half a dozen soldiers, marked as ordinary Flickers by their orange capes. 
One of the Flickers held a magic eater on a leash. The creature was slug-like, about the size of a fox. It slithered along the ground like a snake, tentacles on its head writhing. Source energy drained from his body. It felt like the air was being sucked from his lungs.
 "They're dampening my power." A hot lick of terror shot up his spine. "They're going to arrest me."
Their attacker from the other night stood behind the soldiers. He was no longer drunk, but clean shaven and dressed in a fresher robe, perhaps cleaned by the recent rain fall. He pointed a finger at Rif and his mother. "That's them! They used magic on me for no good reason. I were just being friendly."
The Flame adjusted his helm. "Alright. Get lost, slime."
"What about me reward? I reported unauthorized magic, I did."
The Flame raised his cudgel threateningly, "Here's your reward. Now get lost, or I'll give it to you." 
The man scurried off.
The Flame grabbed Rif's mother's arm and pulled her out into the rain. "Tulkarian, you stand accused of practicing unauthorized magic. By authority of the Dracon, you are under arrest."
"No!" Rif rushed out into the rain and towards the Flame. "Pl-pl-please. It wasn't her. It was me."
"No, son," Rif's mother said. "Don't lie to protect me. Of course it was me."
"N-n-no. She's lying to protect me!"
The Flame laughed. "You a mage, boy? You think because we're soldiers we don't know it takes decades to learn magic?"
"It was nice of you to try to protect your mother," A dark-haired Flicker spoke softly. 
"You should arrest that m-m-man not either of us. He was going to kill us," Rif pleaded. "He took a knife to my mother!"
The Flame waved his gauntleted hand. "Your mother will receive a full and fair trial at the Court of Flames. You two, take the boy to the Home for the Unadoptables. No one will adopt a Tulkarian." The Flicker turned to the other two Flickers. "You two take the woman to the Red Palace."
Flickers tied ropes around Rif's and his mother's wrists.
A bald Flicker asked, "What if the boy is a wizard?"
"A child wizard? Even if he was, it wouldn't matter," the Flame said. "No one can cast a spell with their hands bound."
The Flicker shrugged. "I don't fancy being turned into a toad."
"Why not? It'd only improve you."
Hoof beats thundered from around the corner. A female Flicker with blonde hair rode up on horseback. She rode up so fast that for a moment Rif feared she would trample them, but the horse came abruptly to a stop. "The Striker has killed again, Sir . . . a red-haired girl . . . no marks on her body. Down by the pine grove."
The pine grove, Rif thought with dismay. Was it the girl I saw? She smiled at me. She seemed so nice and pretty.
"Wraithin' hell. Take me to the corpse. The rest of you carry out your orders. Move," the Flame ordered.
Rif was forced into the back of the wagon. The dark-haired Flicker manacled himself to Rif. The rain stopped, but Rif was wet and shivering. 
Rif's mother was thrown in the back of a different wagon. Tears welled in Rif's eyes.
"Mother," he croaked. 
"Be brave, Sweet Possum," Rif's mother called to him as her wagon pulled away from his. "Be strong."
The Glimpse passed, and Wayden opened his eyes. "Poor Rif. He's been through as much as me, in his own way."
"Interesting!" Kolram said. "Rif hosts Grandmaster Arth. Arth practiced soul-stealing, the same magic the man with the mole nose was using in that alley."
"There's someone like me! Except . . . you don't think . . ." Wayden's stomach twisted, thinking of the red-haired girl. "Is he . . . ?" 
"A murderer?" Kolram finished Wayden's thought.
"Rif blacked out and a corpse turned up with no marks on it. Soul-stealing wouldn't leave marks, would it?"
"Correct, but does Rif seem the murdering type to you? He didn't even want to kill the drunk who attacked them."
"Hmmm?true?" Wayden chewed his lip. "There was a woman inside Rif as well. I wonder who that was. Could that have been one of his murder victims?"
"We mustn't jump to conclusions."
Wayden thought for a moment. "Perhaps Rif wasn't doing it intentionally. He has Arth inside him. Could he have taken over Rif, when he blacked out? Could Arth be the Striker?" 
"Rif or Arth could have stolen your soul on the dark stairwell."
"Maybe he only didn't because I'm not a girl."
"Perhaps. But again - does Rif seem like the murdering type to you?"
"No. But the Striker's victims might not have thought him a murdering type either." 
Wayden rolled back over and stared at the mass of shifting shadows dancing on the rafters. 

Chapter 4
The Red Screw

Ah, that clears it up then. I'm a red screw. - Wayden

-<>-  

Wayden had only just fallen asleep when the clanging of Cook's breakfast bell roused him. Through tired eyes, he watched the rest of the orphans leap up and race for the stairwell. The larger Dariuses shoved the smaller ones out of the way. 
Pulling rushes from their hair, Wayden and Rif stumbled behind them. A queue formed stretching from the base of the stairs to the table upon which Cook and Dumb Darius served bread. The boys waited in line, watching the best pieces being snatched. When Wayden and Rif finally had their turn, they stared in disbelief at the food Cook handed them.
"Toast for Toast and . . . purple mold bread for the Tulkarian." Cook laughed.
Charcoal crumbs fell from the crust as Wayden bit into the burnt bread. 
Kazor walked over to Rif. He broke off two corners of his rye and handed one to Rif and the other to Wayden. He shrugged off Wayden and Rif's grateful expressions. "Cook gave me a big piece." 
"Why are you being so k-k-kind?" Rif asked, holding his bread corner as if it were holy.
Kazor smiled. "Being kind is all I got left." 
Wayden blushed. He wanted to be a better person, but he kept slipping back into cowardly habits. "I hope one day I can be like Kazor."
"Hoping is the first step to making it so," Kolram replied.
"Kazor. Thank you," Wayden said.
Kazor narrowed his eyes at Wayden. "I didn't do it for you."
Wayden's cheeks tingled as a tremor of shame passed through his body.
	Wayden had hardly finished his corner of rye when Cook handed him a bucket. "Toast, refill the basin!"
	Wayden headed into the yard, passing Anaz who was returning. The Ozac brushed against Wayden's robed arm. Wayden almost wished he had touched his skin, then he might have Glimpsed important information. It wasn't easy to forgive and forget that the gray man had stalked him yesterday.
"What do you think Anaz's game is?" Wayden headed towards the back of the orphanage, bucket swinging. "Why doesn't he just turn me in to the Fire Guard?"
"You might need to employ a method most desperate: asking," Kolram responded. "Though my anatomy is gone, I am a fellow male, and therefore understand your hesitation to debase yourself by using primitive methods such as communication."
Wayden reached the well and tied the bucket to the rope. "Why would Anaz reveal his intentions just because I ask?"
"Why would he reveal them if you don't?"
After fetching the water, Wayden left Cook and headed upstairs. Crag, Cook, Rory, and Anaz each had their own chambers on the third floor. The Ozac occupied the room that had belonged to Night's former maid.
"Communication." Wayden shook his head. "Like this will work."
Wayden's skepticism turned to curiosity at the sound of a woman's voice from behind Anaz's door. 
 "Both of them? Here?" The woman's voice had the high-pitched warble distinct to Mantus. 
"The Gods above have indeed blessed us!" Anaz said.
"There is no mistake this time? You are sure?" the Mantu asked.
"He looks exactly the same," Anaz said. "Except. . ."
"Except what?"
"In my vision, the boy didn't have a burn mark, but I only glimpsed one side of his face."
A prophecy about me? Was that what brought Anaz here?
"And the other?" the Mantu asked.
"A short Tulkarian boy, with seashells braided in his hair. And the Fire Guard brought him right here for me."
"The boy who will breathe out souls. It can't be a coincidence."
 Crag's door, a few steps away from Wayden, rattled and began to open. There was no time to run away. 
 Master Crag stood in the doorway. "Spying, Toast?" 
With one hand, Crag grabbed Wayden's wrist and squeezed. Wayden glimpsed for a moment Crag at the Fire Temple eyeing one of the Charred Sisters who was covered in nothing but coal dust. Wayden fought off the Glimpse, trying to keep his head clear.
"I was just. . ." Wayden said. I was just what? Come on, Wayden think.
Then Rory's door swung open. "What's going on?"
Rory! I've never been so glad to see him. Wayden waved friendly at the scowling orphanage worker. "Master Rory. Didn't you want me to come write and deliver your love letter?"
Rory's face turned crimson.
Crag let out a loud laugh, releasing Wayden's wrist. "A love letter." He slapped his side. "A love letter!"

-<>-  

That afternoon, Wayden was sweeping the main room when Healer Berik and his daughter, Verica, arrived for one of the healer's monthly visits. Berik's long red curls danced as he strutted into the room.
"Ah, welcome, Lordship. Mistress Night hasn't been doing well lately," Cook said, pushing open the knob-less door to the scullery. 
Berik ducked as he followed Cook into the kitchen, leaving Verica and Wayden alone. 
Wayden swept near the scullery door, eavesdropping on Berik and Cook's conversations. Berik droned, "The dosage must be increased gradually, not more than-"
"Trust me, what they are saying isn't that interesting" Verica threw a leathery ball into the air and caught it. "I've heard it a thousand times."
"What - I wasn't-I-."
"Of course you weren't." Verica's face was so emotionless he couldn't tell if she was being sarcastic or not. "You're about my age aren't you? Fifteen?"
Wayden nodded dumbly. This was the first time he had gotten a good look at Verica, as the few times she had accompanied her father, he'd been on rush-gathering elsewhere.
Beneath her curly red bangs, Wayden glimpsed Verica's scar. That dark gash had been the source of more speculation than the Striker himself. The scar seemed to flow at times like viscous tar.
Big Darius suspected Verica was a devil, while Handsome Darius proposed a wraith possessed her. Rory claimed the scar had to be due to black magic, whereas Crag argued Kaldian science. Wayden didn't know what it was, but it sure made his skin prickle.
The boys had been warned not to mention the scar, not even to look at it. One of the former orphans, Stiff Darius, had called her a freak in front of Healer Berik and was put out on the streets.
"Don't stare at it," Wayden told himself. "Don't stare at it."
	The girl met his gaze, a half-smile tugging at her lips. "What are you looking at, burnt boy?"
	Wayden's cheeks grew warm. "Sorry."
	"It's alright. What's your name? Burnt Darius?" Verica threw him the ball.
	He caught it. "Wayden. I'm from Templeton."
  Wayden tried not to look at the scar, but his eyes gravitated there of their own accord.
"Well, Wayden. Fair trade. You want to know how I got my scar, and I want to know how you got that burn mark." She threw the ball to him again. This time he missed it and rolled into a corner.
He didn't like talking about it to a stranger, but he supposed she didn't either. It was worth it to know. He sighed and threw the ball back to her.
 "When I was little Sky Raiders pillaged my town and torched my home," Wayden said, keeping his face stone.
"What about the burn mark?"
 "My mum and I escaped through the back door." His voice betrayed him for a moment, warbling weakly. "A burning chunk of the rafters fell on me as we ran through the scullery."
"That's awful. I'm sorry."
"What about you?"
	 "There was an accident. When I was little. An explosion in my father's laboratory. They had to stitch me back together."
	"But why is it black?" The words leapt out of Wayden's mouth before he could stop them. "I've never seen a scar like that." Wayden wondered if he'd gone too far. Would he be joining Stiff Darius out on the street?
 "My father used advanced Kaldian techniques to save me."
	 "Impossible," Kolram said.
	 "I thought in Kaldia they had all sorts of things we don't have: fireworks, wind-up clocks, wood prints-"
	"No, this is something far beyond fireworks."
	Wayden's thoughts were interrupted by the scullery door swinging open. Healer Berik emerged from the scullery just as Crag wobbled down the stairs, a half-empty bottle of brandy in his hand. 
	"Ah, Lord Healer Berik! Glad you could finally make it!" Crag took a chug from his bottle and let out a belch. "Did you get the dosages worked out? My grandma is acting even stranger of late - ranting about soul mists and Asgaroth and Three Moons' Night and all sorts of things. We've been through more maids than half the gigolos in Helos."
"And she keeps mentioning the Shadow Queen!" Cook said. "Says she's descended from her!"
Crag paled, feigning a weak laugh. "Heh, heh. So crazy!"
	Verica perked up, wide-eyed. "What did she say about Asgaroth? About Three Moon's Night?"
 "This is not your concern, Verica," Berik said. 
"But Papa-"
"Mind your place, daughter. Adults are speaking."
Verica reddened. 
Berik proceeded into a diatribe about dosages and medications. Verica appeared to be deep in thought. 
Why would Verica be riveted to attention by mention of Asgaroth and Three Moons' Night? He needed to find a way to speak further with Verica in private. But how? 

-<>-  

	The next day, Wayden went again to speak to Anaz. This time, although he hesitated at the threshold expectantly, he overheard no conversations. 
If I want to be a hero, be a hero. He knocked. He hoped he wouldn't regret this.
	"Come in," Anaz called.
	In the center of the room was a hanging sculpture, a mobile. It consisted of a hodge-podge of wires, screws, bolts, plaster, linens and strips of metal crisscrossing in every direction. Shaping tools, measuring cups, and buckets littered the floor. Anaz sat at a desk looking over a tome.
	"Ah, Wayden," Anaz said. "Greetings, young one." 
	Wayden feigned calmness, hiding his trembling hands in his pockets. "Good evening, Sir." Now how to get him to talk? Use a lie to catch a liar. "Is your sister still visiting?" 
	Anaz squinted at Wayden. "My sister?"
	"Well, I assume she was your sister. I heard you speaking with a woman the other day." Now to see if he takes the bait.
	"Ah, yes, you heard that. I thought I heard a mouse creeping outside my door. The orphanage does have ears and wagging tongues. No, my sister had to return to the beautiful snowy plains of Raslo. Only passing through, alas."
	Got you. "Ah, so your sister is a Mantu?  Is your mother an Ozac and a Mantu then?"
	Anaz narrowed his eyes, stepping over to a peg where his sword belt hung. "You try me, boy. She is my half-sister, and a half-Mantu, if you must know. Who are you to question me like the Helesian Fire Guard?"
	He can't frighten me with that big sword. He said himself, if he wanted me dead, he'd have done it by now. "Why did you follow me?"
	"Why would I be following an orphan boy?" Anaz asked, fingering the hilt. "I simply happened to notice you had gotten yourself into trouble in the alleyway and decided to help you out. Is that so wrong?"
Erect as many walls as you like Anaz, I'll just keep pushing.
	"Just helping me out. I see. Probably a coincidence that you showed up here right after and took a job for no pay."
	"I'm not your enemy, Wayden."
	"You're not my friend either."
	"No. . . I'm not your friend. But you serve my purpose. Observe this mobile." 
Wayden studied the sculpture. The mobile consisted of a hodgepodge of materials, mostly metal, and wires, arranged as balances and counter balances.
	"It's beautiful." 
Anaz gestured to the mobile and tapped a tiny, red screw at the center of the wires. "This is you."
	Wayden threw up his hands. "Ah, that clears it up then. I'm a red screw. I had thought I might be a blue nail for a while, so thanks."
	Anaz laughed. "Wayden, Wayden, Wayden. There is a time for talking and a time for listening. I'll say this once." Anaz leaned in, his red eyes and gray skin inches from Wayden. His breath smelled of fire salmon and onion. "When things are balanced, they must stay balanced. To tell you more would be like loosening the screw." Anaz spun the mobile sending it in a dizzying spiral. "It's a link. Would the sculpture stay in place? Perhaps, but maybe not." He grabbed Wayden by the arm and dragged him towards the door. "I've said as much as I will. Now go."
Another prophet, like his brother Mavik and Mistress Night. They were cropping up like tangle weeds after a rainstorm. What was the good of prophecies anyway? The day prior to the Sky Raider attack, Mavik had painted one of his watercolor prophecies. It was his mother, who clutched a red flower to her dress, a one-eyed vulture with a bloody beak, standing over her.
 They had known something bad was coming, but had that stopped the Skymaster's raiders from destroying Wayden's home, the Tulkarian from firing the arrow? Had it froze the blood that flowed from her wound? Had it changed one wraithing thing? 
Chapter 5
         Coppers and Bronzes

It's there around you. Like air, everywhere, yet easy to miss. - Kolram

-<>-  
	
The next morning the weather warmed. Through the open door, Wayden saw the broad leaves on the maples had donned their brightest red. Sunlight blanketed him and the warmth of it was medicine for his soul. He took a step, following Rif and the other orphans into the yard. 
Rory's beefy hand grabbed Wayden's cloaked arm. "Not you, Toast. The Draconess is coming, we need this place in tip-top shape." 
Wayden's heart sank faster than a rowboat hit by a two-ton boulder. "Me? By myself?" 
Rory leaned towards him and whispered, "Shouldn't have told Crag about me love letters, should you?"
Rif turned around in the doorway, the sunlight painting him with an angelic glaze. "I'll m-m-mop, Sir."
"There's your evil Tulkarian," Kolram said. "Except this one tries to take the arrow for you."
Rory glowered at Rif. "Did I ask ya? Get out in the yard with the others and do the weeding, before I belt your scrawny arse." 
Rif scurried off. 
Wayden, an angry fire ablaze in his chest, grabbed the mop. He swabbed the floor as if it were an enemy that needed bludgeoning. "This is Rory."  He thrust again. "Gar Skymaster." And again. "The Ozac that killed Nanny. The Tulkarian archer. Anaz. Crag. Rory, Rory, Rory. Why aren't I allowed outside? Why does life always give me the burnt slice of toast?"
"Rif tried to take the mopping duty for you," Kolram said, "Kazor stood up for Rif. 'Tis true, some are cruel, and more apathetic, but do not lose sight of the beauty in this world."
"Beauty? You see beauty in this place?"
"It's there around you. Like air, everywhere, yet easy to miss. It's in the ruby-red leaves on the maples, the patterns in its bark, in the caress of the sunlight. It's in Rif and it's in you."
"All I see are burnt slices of bread, Cook's warts, and dingy floorboards."
Wayden thrust the mop again, this time imagining smashing Kolram with it. Too bad Kolram was already dead. Or was he? He was awfully talkative for a dead guy.
"I suppose I need a new category for my status," Kolram mused.
"Mostly dead? Life challenged?" Wayden suggested.
"Elegant suggestions. I thank you heartily. Perhaps Kolram will suffice for the present."
"That's it! Kolram the stiff!"
"No."
Teasing Kolram, and the exertion of mopping, improved Wayden's mood a drop, which was more than it did for the floor. "Master Rory, this isn't getting any cleaner. Can I get some more soap?"
Rory mimicked in a soprano, "Master Rory, can I please get some soap? Y'ain't in your manor anymore. Put some muscles into it, Lord Toast!" 
Wayden put muscle into it: This is Rory. This is Rory. And this is Rory. Perhaps Rory's next love letter might read differently than dictated. 'Dearest Honey Suckle. You look like an Ozac's back end.' The idea made Wayden smile.
Master Crag sauntered in, chewing tobacco. His brand new, quadruple-brimmed hat adorned with pink feathers teetered on his head. Wayden bit back a laugh at Crag's fashion statement. 
Crag glowered at Wayden. "What are you staring at, Toast?" 
"An excellent question," Kolram said. "What in the world are we staring at?"
"A pig dressed as a peacock," Wayden suggested. "You know what, you're right, Kolram. There is beauty in the world, and his name is Crag."
Kolram chuckled. "He does make quite a striking figure." 
"Sorry, Sir," Wayden said aloud. "Just admiring your hat."
 "Well, I suppose I can't fault you for that," Crag said, adjusting the angle of his hat first one way, then the other. "But there is no time for hat-gazing. The Draconess is coming," He hung his pink-feathered atrocity on a hook. "Clear the mugs, wipe the table, and lay a cloth. This place better be spotless when she arrives." 
Wayden shook his head. If his mother had been preparing for a visit from a dignitary half the rank of the Draconess, she'd have hired extra staff a month early to have the manor scoured from top to bottom. Crag had one of his orphans tidying for a few moments before she arrived. And no doubt Wayden would be blamed if the Draconess complained of the slightest bit of mess.
Wayden put the mop away and busied himself tidying. It always surprised him that anyone of the Draconess's stature would bother to visit this dump, but the Draconess seemed to enjoy the chance to show off.
Wayden's favorite part of these biannual visits was that the Draconess brought her step-daughter Jazlyn. There was beauty in the world, and her name was Jazlyn. When Wayden wasn't dreaming of killing Gar Skymaster, he fantasized about sailing down a river in a boat with Jazlyn. He would run his fingers through her long, red curls and kiss the freckles on the back of her neck.
Wayden was examining the room, to see if he'd missed a spot, when the front door opened with a bang.
 "Her Royal Highness approaches, Sir," Rory announced breathlessly.
Crag donned his multi-brimmed hat and straightened the lacy collar of his doublet. 
Rory held the door open. A drummer beat his tenor drum and a trumpet blared. 
A Herald entered and tapped the butt of his staff on the ground. "All hail her radiance the Draconess, daughter of Kero, granddaughter of Borleat, first lady of the Drakingdom of Helos, the Red Land of Fire and Light." 
The Draconess swept into the room. Her long, auburn hair swayed against the back of her scarlet silk gown. Her brown eyes were highlighted with henna eye-shadow. It was a wonder she could see where she was going, for she kept her cleft chin aloft. Behind her, trailed the lengthy train of her gown, carried by two young, pretty maids. 
Crag and Wayden sank to their knees. Rory, while holding the door with his back, moved his fingers to lips, forehead, and finally heart. "May the fires guide you."
"May your ember glow in the darkest of nights," the Draconess replied, moving her fingers in the reverse order.	
A line of guards followed the Draconess into the room, the lead one bearing a banner with a dragon on it. The chief of the guards was Sir Cay Longreach, a Royal Companion, one of the Ten, the illustrious Dragonknights. His long blond hair was tucked into a serpent-head silver helm and an ornate hilt rose from his scabbard. It would be something to ride with the likes of Sir Longreach and Swiftrider. Perhaps one day Wayden would ride with them to Raslo and return with the head of Gar Skymaster.
The last guard to enter gave Wayden chills, an Ozac much larger and a darker gray than Anaz. The nightmarish memory resurfaced: the Ozac chasing them into the smoky scullery, Nanny's blood dripping from his mace.
Except for the eyes, this Ozac could have been the other's twin. He was hairless and huge, arms as thick as logs, a tree-trunk sized neck, and a body that could pass as a boulder, but his eyes were calm and green as the Tulkarian Sea.
The herald tapped his staff again. "All hail Princess Jazlyn, daughter Draconi, daughter of Niar, granddaughter of Lochaius, blessed be her embers." 
Jazlyn entered, and fear gave way to wonder. Her red hair spiraled in plaits like a ginger crown. Her golden gown flared outwards at the bottom. Her eyes were sapphires and her freckled cheeks were adorned with henna.
Wayden sighed. "Jazlyn always looks so elegant." 
"But she wears no hat at all," Kolram said. "She needs more brims."
"Jazlyn could even pull off Crag's outfit."
"That I doubt."
 Fire-Whisperer Dade and two acolytes in maroon cloaks entered next, all wearing red veils.
Crag pulled a chair out for the Draconess and wiped it with a cloth. "We are, Great Lady, honored by your visit, and humbled by your magnomiouness."
"Magnomiouness is not a word, Crag. I do enjoy coming here, though. I like to see with mine own eyes the good I have wrought."
One of the Draconess's maids gave the chair a second wipe before she sat. Dade and the two acolytes joined them. 
Crag smiled. "Would Your Majesty care for tea and biscuits?"
"From your cook? I think not," the Draconess said. "By the way, what is that ridiculous thing perched upon your head? Would you kindly remove it?"
Crag's smile wilted as he removed his hat. "Yes, Your Majesty. I-I-I wore it to amuse you."
"Very funny, Crag." 
Crag thrust his hat into Wayden's hands. Wayden hung the silky abomination back on its hook. 
The Draconess studied Wayden. "Ah, look at this happy child. It is so good to make a difference in the lives of misfits. Where would this poor boy be, without our most generous patronage? More than likely slitting someone's throat in a dark alley. Oh, I do enjoy coming here, so uplifting, after the most tedious morning of demands upon our coffer."
"I'm afraid we must ask for coin as well," Crag said, with a wide smile. "Silver and gold is what pays the bills, after all."
"Copper and bronze are often sufficient. I pray your request is of a modest nature. The new army commander requested such hordes of treasure that he would have me canceling all galas to buy clunky armor and rusted swords."
"Clunky armor and rusty swords are what he is trying to replace," Fire-Whisperer Dade said. "I don't think Sir Longreach here would care to go into battle with a shield that will buckle."
The Draconess turned to Crag. "Treasurer Dade is another who would sell my jewels and finery. We have a dragon, what more defense do we need? True, Volkanus is ill, but our Beast Tongue assures me he will fare better soon."
"I believe what Beast Mistress Belza said was that she hoped -"
	"Enough, Dade! Hasn't this morning been trying enough without you ruining the afternoon? I should sell your veil and robes and let you parade around naked. Perhaps that would drive sense into you."
Dade sniffed. "My apologies, Your Majesty. Shall we proceed, then? The accounts, Master Crag?" 
"Of course, I have them right here," Crag showed Dade a blotchy, yellow parchment, dotted with jam and coffee stains. Dade and the acolytes studied the papers. "As you can see, we have forty orphans and the price -" 
One of the acolytes produced a scroll of figures. He cleared his throat and said, "Excuse me, if I may." His finger trailed down the parchment. "Our count shows you have seventeen orphans."
Crag stammered, "I-I-I must have . . . miscalculated. I was never clever with numbers."
 Dade's eyes narrowed. "No, I must admit. That was not clever in the slightest."
As Jazlyn edged towards Wayden, she was so close he felt the heat emanating from her body. He knew it was foolishness for him to have a crush on anyone, much less someone of such a high station. Wayden was a penniless orphan, and a scarred monstrosity to boot. But why was she moving towards him? It seemed deliberate.
Wayden was only half-conscious of Dade's voice in the background: "Master Crag. The state of your accounts has not improved since our last visit."
"I'm sorry," Crag said, "I have a new man, Anaz. Very good with numbers. He can help me. It will be better next time, I promise."
Jazlyn whispered from the corner of her mouth, "You, Burnt Boy."
Wayden pinched himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming. "Me?"
Jazlyn raised an imperious eyebrow, but kept her voice soft. "Do you see any other burnt boys around here?"
"No. It's just. . . I didn't expect anyone so beautiful to talk to?. ah. . . I didn't mean to call you beautiful?not that you're not beautiful?.you are beautiful, but-"
"I must request you save your elegant courtesies for a later date, preferably the seventh of never." Jazlyn raised her chin as she spoke. "Show me around, immediately. Take me to Crag's grandmother."
Wayden stared at her blankly. What in the world did she want? Did she think he could just go off with her and show her around? It would rather be a dream come true, but that's all it was, a dream.
The Draconess looked up from the parchments of figures. She stood up, her face puckering into an hourglass shape. "Jazlyn, whatever are you up to?"
"Stepmother, I request that this boy tour me around the orphanage. I would like to see the great good we have wrought here." 
"Have you taken leave of your senses? I absolutely forbid it."
	Jazlyn gave her stepmother a pleading look. "Org can accompany us." She gestured to the Ozac bodyguard. "Wouldn't it be a marvelous thing to allow this pitiful boy a chance to feel special?" 
Jazlyn gestured towards Wayden, and as she did, the tips of her fingers brushed against him. He felt the pulsating flashes that meant the Glimpse was about to fill his mind. He grew dizzy and felt like he was falling. He expected to see Jazlyn's memories. Instead, bizarrely, he found himself in a memory of the Immortal Asgaroth, the Bone King. 
Asgaroth sat inside an ornate palace chamber across a marble table from his handsome, dark-haired son, Dakarth. The two of them studied a game, pewter pawns on a landscape of movable tiles. They sat on tall stools fashioned of bone. Torches hung in sconces along the stone walls. 
Outside, the wind and wolves howled. Only one moon was out, the orange one, and light fell in slivers through a window slatted with iron bars. A servant fed logs to a hearth while another refilled their goblets with wine. While they played, Asgaroth's younger son, Karsgoth painted a watercolor prophecy on a nearby marble table. His pet crow perched on his shoulder. Karsgoth had the same dark hair and eyes as his father and brother.
 Dakarth sacrificed a game piece to empower his wizard to flip a tile, allowing his knight to capture Asgaroth's flag. Asgaroth smiled. "The son surpasses the father."
Dakarth returned the smile. "You taught me well, father."
The crow cawed, as if in agreement.
"I've raised both my sons well," Asgaroth said, gesturing towards Karsgoth. "Dakarth, you're a brilliant tactician and Karsgoth's powers of prophecy surpass my own."
"Speaking of which," Karsgoth said, cleaning his paintbrush. "The Source has painted another prophecy through me." 
The memory dissipated, leaving Wayden dizzy with disbelief. He'd seen Asgaroth's memories - not Jazlyn's. It made no sense. Could she host Asgaroth, as he hosted Kolram? How? Disorientated and confused, Wayden slipped on the still-damp floor, ending up leaning on Jazlyn's shoulder. 
"Get off me!" Jazlyn shouted, pulling away from him. 
 Dragon Knight Cay Longreach rushed over and shoved Wayden against the wall. Longreach drew a sword. "Draconess, shall I end the wretch?" 
Wayden trembled, staring at the tip of the blade.
The Draconess puckered her lips into the semblance of a trout. "The boy is a fool, but it was unintentional. Still, Crag, I've no idea why you have this strange misfit here, terrifying us with fainting spells. Have you been feeding this boy? What do you do with my funds?" She offered her hand to Dade, who helped her up. "And Jazlyn, we shall speak of your behavior in private. We shall take our leave and withhold funds till our next visit. Our acolytes will come again in a week. If you have the accounts straightened out by then, fine. If not, perhaps this Anaz you mention can be the new head of the orphanage."
Wayden wasn't sure he liked that idea. Who knew what the Ozac was up to with his red screws and his mobiles?
	Crag pleaded. "Your Majesty, please forgive me. I had no idea this would happen."
The Draconess sniffed and headed out the door, her parade of servants trailing behind her. Crag followed, still begging her forgiveness. 
	When the door closed, Rory shoved Wayden so hard he slipped again, his world a swirl of confusion, as he landed on the floor.
Chapter 6
The Last Wolf Ride

Always carry a sharp blade, Rory. Wheat isn't the only thing that has ever crawled up from the earth - Anaz

-<>- 

The following evening, on the way back from delivering Night's food, Wayden eavesdropped on Anaz again. Pressing his ear against the wood of the door, he was rewarded by the sound of the Mantu woman's voice.
 ". . . the Tulkarian's consciousnesses and put them in there."
"We can't yet, Queranos," Anaz said. "Not without a Three Moons' Night."
"Then we must be patient. We must help them survive the field."
"At any cost."
Wayden shifted his weight slightly. The floorboards groaned.
"Do you hear something?" Anaz asked. "I swear, if it's that Toast again, prophecy or not, I'll teach him a lesson."
Silently cursing himself, Wayden raced downstairs, and ducked into the orphan's quarters. He slumped onto the rushes next to Rif, who was already asleep.
"What do you think that was about?" Wayden asked Kolram.
"Queranos said consciousnesses- plural," Kolram said. "Do you think she knows about Arth?" 
"How could she?" Wayden wondered.
"They mentioned prophecy, but that would predict the future, not grant access to Rif's mindscape."
"Mindscape?"
"The world I live in is not as blank as you might imagine it. In fact, though I can see and hear what you experience, I also have a world inside your mind with beds, chairs, gardens, and so on. In fact, parts of it looks like exactly like the home you grew up in."
 "Why does it look like my childhood home and not your own?"
"Because I exist in your mind. Your moods sometimes alter it as well. When you are in a darker mood, it storms here."
"Why didn't you ever tell me that before?"
"You never asked."
Wayden lay awake for a notch, thinking things over. He had just faded off when Kolram said, "I've remembered something. About my death."
One of Kolram's memories came unburied. A robed man on a winged wolf delivered Kolram a parchment bearing the Dracon's seal. Kolram broke the wax and read the letter written in a variant of an ancient language that only a few still knew. It bore orders to fly to Dark Fist to join Dracon Niar and Dakarth for an important mission.
"It was Dracon Niar and Ice King Dakarth," Kolram said. "It was them. They summoned me to Dark Fist. The night I died."
Wayden stopped himself from whistling, not wanting to wake the orphans. The Dracon, was bad enough, but Dakarth son of Asgaroth had remained the iron-fisted leader of Raslo for the last two millennium. "You're sure?"
"I'm remembering more, the memories are unfolding. About the last day I saw my wife. The last day we existed in our own bodies."
More of Kolram's memories poured into his mind. The fur of the skywolf rubbed against him. His wife, Solita nestled against him, warming his body even while the cold wind whipped his back. The wolf beat its mighty wings, propelling along bumpy air currents, hundreds of feet above the pine-dotted, icy terrain of Raslo.
To the east, loomed the Kaldian border, marked by the spiky tips of the Ridgeback Mountains. Towards the South, the summit of Mount Despos looked like an anthill in contrast to the great wall of ice that stretched beyond it. The sunset reflected against the wall, splintering into a light show that no Glower Mage could match. The north fell behind them and the west promised more ice.
He snuggled against Solita. He pressed his nose into the back of her hood. She smelled of lilacs.
Dark Fist loomed closer. The temple was aptly named; the tightly clenched fingers of stone forming its walls jutted skyward. Kolram had never seen the bodies of Darius Dragonking or Asgaroth, which were within the inner ring of the temple in Dark Fist. Both Immortals were entrapped by transparent amber fields of Guardian energy. It would be like beholding Gods.
Kolram moved his mouth close to Solita's ear and shouted over the wind, "Isn't Temple Dark Fist the old Guardian headquarters?"
"It still may be," Solita replied. "My teachers claim Centuron and her descendants still live there, deep in the bowels of the earth, making sure their Guardian magic holds the Immortals and wraiths prisoners."
"Centuron isn't beloved in Helos for imprisoning the Dragonking."
"The Raslonians are no happier about the imprisonment of Asgaroth. Yet, the war between Dragonking and Asgaroth was killing thousands. They had to be stopped."
"Asgaroth started the war," Kolram replied.
"'He started it?' The argument of four-year-olds and four-thousand-year olds alike."
"He stole one of Darius's wives." 
"One of his eight wives, whom he loved so much he beat her, and finally killed her. Asgaroth and Lyssa truly loved each other. Darius should have let her go."
Kolram sighed. "Let's not argue. Whoever was at fault, it matters no more." 
 "As you like. Besides, you know I'm right."
Kolram chuckled. "I know you are wonderful, I'll grant you that."
"Flatterer. Do you see those stones ahead?" Solita pointed at four enormous boulders, encircling Dark Fist. One was shaped uncannily like a skull, another like an anvil, the third a maiden, and the fourth a moon.
The wind whipped Kolram's hood off. "They're hard to miss."
"The Anvil is rumored to be the Guardian Gate. The original Order of the Guardians met Centuron there when they were planning to entrap the Immortals."
Kolram saw no sign of a gate or door of any kind. Perhaps it was a secret door, like the ones the Weaver wove.
"Are you supposed to be telling me all this?" Kolram asked. "I thought you Guardians were supposed to be tight-lipped."
"My lips are never tight where you were concerned." She laughed, pressing against him.
"What do you say we forget about the Dracon and Ice King Dakarth's summons and fly off to a more private location?"
Solita laughed. "Would that we could."
The lovers' flight reached its end. Their winged wolf descended through a breach in the eastern wall of Dark Fist. A heart-like sound thumped in the distance. The floor of the room consisted of a granite outer ring and a marble inner ring, separated by a third ring made of glowing Guardian Magic. Their wolf landed on the outer ring.
On the inner ring the other Grandmasters, looking impatient, awaited. A cadre of guards surrounded them, half in the orange cloaks of Flickers, the other half Raslonian armor: bones grafted into black metal. They stood in a semi-circle around a dais. Beneath the dais lay the two Immortals.
Asgaroth lay trapped, sleeping on his bed of stone. The Dragonking held vertically, near Asgaroth, was encased in a separate shield. High cheekbones, a square jaw, dark hair, brooding eyes- a decidedly handsome face. There was little hint of the evil that lay beneath. 
"Why separate Guardian shields?" Kolram helped Solita down from the wolf. Her hands were frozen. He gave them a quick rub. "Why didn't Centuron put them in the same field?"
"They were trapped at separate times and in different fashions," Solita whispered, as they approached the inner ring. "Asgaroth was entombed by a spell using the blood of each type of magi. No one knows what trick Centuron used to entrap Darius."
 "And the Shadow Queen?"
"No one knows where her body is."
"You're allowed to be telling me all this?"
"No. Don't you dare share this information or I won't kiss you for a month. Well, a week. A day at least. Half an hour."
They stifled their giggles as they stepped over the energy snakes, and into the inner ring. Of all the Grandmasters, Arth looked the most miserable. His pale face was even more lined than usual and there were bags beneath his bloodshot eyes. Arth's sister had been killed less than a month ago.
The Grandmistress of Fire-whispering glared at Kolram. "Could we get this over with? I've better things to do than watch Kolram and Solita fawning over each other."
Raslonian soldiers poured through a side door, silencing further argument. One called out, "All bow to King Dakarth, supreme ruler of Raslonia, Land of Ice and Might, wielder of the Sword of Night, First Seat on the Council of Steel, son of Asgaroth, the Bone King."  
Dakarth stepped forward, the spitting image of his father, though the son looked the far older of the two. It made sense, Kolram supposed. After all, he was only the descendant of an Immortal, not an Immortal himself. His black cloak draped over his heavy chain-mesh. His glittering black sword hung from its sheath. Four bone-armored guards stood at his side.
"All bow for Dracon Niar," a gray-bearded Dragon Knight called out. "Lord of Helos, Land of Fire and Light, son of Terok, Possessor of the Red Blade, Wearer of the Crown of Fire, First Seat upon the Court of Flames,  heir to the Dragonking, and Head Whisperer of the Temple of the Third Moon."
Dracon Niar, wearing a golden veil and a white sword at his hilt strode forward. His red-jeweled crown flickered as he walked. Guards in orange cloaks surrounded him.
"Greetings, Grandmasters. I apologize for the delay," Dakarth said, his voice echoing off the crystalline walls. "I promise you tonight will be a night you shall never forget."
A bell rattled. Wayden sat upright, as Cook's shout carried up the stairs. "Breakfast!"
Wayden hadn't even realized he'd fallen asleep. Memories and dreams sometimes bled into each other. He let out a yawn and stretched. "Wraithin' hell, we were just getting to the good part."
"Is the good part my wife and I getting killed?" Kolram asked.
"Aye. Err. I mean no. Kind of. I guess?"
"Impressive, four answers to the same question each more insulting than the last."
"I'm talented that way."
Wayden grabbed a fresh robe, thankful that yesterday had been laundry day and headed down the stairwell wiping sleep from his eyes.
Rory bellowed, "Fifteen-year-olds get served first this morning. The Dracon's crops needs harvesting! Fifteen-year-olds grab toast first and eat in the wagon."
Wayden and Rif may have been at the front of the line for a change, but Cook still handed Wayden a blackened heel of bread. 
Anaz stepped up behind Cook and smiled, revealing his glittering fangs "A good piece today. The boy will need his energy."
Cook jumped, sending his warts jiggling. "Yes, Sir, Master Anaz, Sir. Didn't see you there."
Wayden took the piece of bread, wondering why Anaz had intervened. The orphans went out chewing toast as they walked, and then lined up to clamber into the back of the Dracon's wagon. Anaz passed the orphans and wordlessly clambered on the driver's bench, beside Rory and a silver-bearded driver. 
"Anaz, you don't need to come," Rory said. "Master Crag said I was in charge of this trip."
"So, be in charge. I'm simply here as an observer." Anaz drew his sword and sharpened it with a whetstone. "And if anything should go awry, you'll have a little bit of extra help from me."
"What, you think we might run out of scythes and need your sword?"
"Always carry a sharp blade, Rory. Wheat isn't the only thing that has ever crawled up from the earth."
What did that mean? Did Anaz foresee some approaching danger?
Rory cast Anaz a hard look. "You ain't practicing unauthorized magic with that cauldron of yours, are you?" Rory asked, as he gave the reins a shake. "What type of trouble you seeing in yer water?"
"Of course, I wouldn't practice magic without the Dracon's leave. Just an instinct, and besides, I'm feeling a bit cooped up. It's good for a man's health to get some fresh air every once in a while."
"Alright," Rory said. "Say, Anaz, do you know anything about writing poetry?"
"Yes. I know not to."
Rory mumbled something as the driver tugged the reins. The wagon meandered past the perimeter of Vilanos and entered the countryside. Their wheels crunched brittle leaves. The cobblestones of the road gave way to a river of mud and muck, while overhead the sky formed a thick, gray blanket. Rain would bring a final boost to the crops, but if the temperature dropped early, as the weather witches of the four towers had predicted, snow would smother the last harvest. A lean winter for the wealthy meant an even leaner one for orphans.
   The smell of manure lay thick in the air, as they rode past wattle-and-daub huts, copses of trees, farms, and gardens. A tiny brook trickled alongside the road. A lime-skinned Mantu woman with golden bulbous eyes passed them. Her green hair blew in the wind, as she pulled the shafts of a rickshaw with webbed fingers. A young freckled swineherd steered his sows across the road. Chickens squawked and darted as a red-haired girl chased after them.
Rif stared intently at the girl, an intense expression on his face. The Striker's victims all were redheads. Was it Rif staring at the girl so intently or Grandmaster Arth?
 "What do you remember about Arth?" Wayden asked Kolram.
Kolram focused for a moment, unearthing buried memories. Kolram had followed Arth into a Raslonian tavern, filled with a throng of drunken people. The stench of body odor and tobacco wafted through the air. Wind and snow hammered the window glass, but the tavern's hearth was lit, and a bard played Death and the Sailor's Wife on his drum-harp.
By the time Kolram made his way through the crowd, Arth was seated at a wooden table in the darkest corner of the tavern, nursing a goblet of brandy. Veins like tree roots bulged across his pale-white forehead. His eyes darted back and forth. Kolram suspected Arth was on the brink of insanity, following the recent loss of his sister, but it wasn't concern for the Grandmaster that prompted Kolram to spy on him. It was suspicion about his pupils: the new Dracon and Dakarth. What had these two powerful leaders and Arth been up to with these books of Raylar they were keeping secret? What dark magic were they practicing?  
Kolram approached Arth through the crowd. "May I sit?"
"Wraith off," Arth snarled. 
Kolram remained standing, but didn't leave. "Arth, I heard about the death of your sister. I'm so sorry."
Arth flicked his wrist, showering Kolram with the contents of his goblet.
Brandy dripped from Kolram's chin onto his scarlet robe. The music stopped, and Kolram felt eyes on him and heard whispers of 'mage fight'. 
Arth turned to a tavern-wench, a Raslonian female with indigo hair. "Another glass. Make it two. One to drink, one to throw." 
Guffaws and chuckles mixed with the murmurs surrounding them. The tavern wench scurried off, dark-blue hair bobbing. The bard resumed his strumming. Kolram cringed at the opening notes of The Dragon and the Princess.
He wiped the dripping brandy from his face. "I just wanted you to know that I'm here if you want to talk."
"You don't care an Ozac's eyeball about me or my sister," Arth said, with a bitter twist of his lips. "You want to find out about our new school of magic. You'll learn naught from me, Red-Kingdom spy."
Heat rushed to Kolram's cheeks.
The bard sang, "The knight he came to save the lass and shoved his lance up the dragon's. . ." 
"Hey!" The crowd shouted.
The wagon bumped, jolting Wayden. Kolram's memory had been so visceral, that it was jarring. It was like awaking from a dream, where he thought he was one thing, to awake to find he was something else. Not a Beast-Tongue-Grandmaster-spy after all, but an orphan riding through the country of Helos. Rif was back to his normal smiling self again. 
Wayden mused on what he had learned. "Arth was involved in a secret school with Dracon and Dakarth."
"We know from the Glimpse of Rif that Arth's a soul thief," Kolram mused. "Was that what he was teaching the Dracon and Dakarth?" 
Up ahead, a man struggled with a broken wagon's wheel. A traffic jam of carts stretched back from it. Rory cursed. "This will hold us up a bit. If you need to relieve yourself, do it now." 
 Wayden and Rif leapt from the wagon and headed to a different clump of bushes than the Dariuses. Anaz's eyes tracked him, but the Ozac kept his distance. 
Mist rose where Wayden watered the tree roots. Wayden had learned a lot when he'd risked talking to Anaz. Maybe this communication trick Kolram advocated would work with Rif as well. "Do you have Arth's voice in your mind?"
Rif turned in surprise almost splattering Wayden. "You kn-kn-know?"
"Careful!" Wayden glanced around for prying ears. He whispered, "Rif. I'm a Glimpser. Kolram is in my head."
"W-w-wait. What?"
"I was born with the voice of Kolram in my mind. My twin brother had one too - Jijari, a Water Prophetess."
"You have a twin br-br-brother?" Rif asked, adjusting his breeches.
"In my Glimpse, I heard Arth in your mind, but there was also a woman. Do you have two people in your mind?"
 "Arth's s-s-s-sister was attacked, Arth was there. He used Soul-stealing. H-h-he?"
"All right, they cleared the road!"  Rory shouted, "That's enough watering the fields. Everyone back into the wagon."
Grumbling, stiff, and still sleepy, the orphans climbed back aboard the crowded wagon. A short notch later, the wagon reached the Dracon's field, a rich plot of land that sprawled endlessly with golden shafts of wheat. A score of peasants were already at work: gray-haired crones with stooped backs, dirt-covered men with arms like hairy tree trunks, hefty matrons, and barefoot children who spied from behind sheaves of wheat. Mavik would have made a lovely watercolor of the scene.
They climbed out of the wagon and joined in the harvesting. Wayden had grown stronger, and he found the work less tiring than last year. The peasants sang a working song as they swung their scythes to a reaper's rhythm:
Cut 'em, bind 'em, throw 'em in the wagon
Bag it, tag it, bring it to the mill
Oh whoa, bring it to the harvest
Oh whoa, fire in the mill.
Oh whoa, bring it to the harvest
Oh whoa, fire in the mill

The song, and the work, inspired a hypnotic rhythm. Sweat dripped from their brows despite the cold.
"So what were you saying about Arth's sister?" Wayden asked, as he swung his scythe at a stalk of wheat.
Rif planted the base of his scythe in the ground. "Belok, he . . . wait . . . do you h-h-hear something?"
Wayden listened, trying to filter out the noise of the singing. A faint scraping sound, like insects, clawed beneath his feet, growing louder by the moment. 
"Stop singing," Wayden shouted. "Listen-"
Rory glared at him. "Who are you to-."
Before he could finish, a brown, leathery, pincer-like hand burst through the earth, and grabbed Rif's leg.

Chapter 7 
The Cruelest Claw

Come, Moon Howlers! As fast as fur can fly. -Wayden

-<>- 
 
"Scagazi!" Wayden shouted. Anaz drew his sword. Most peasants scattered while some fought with scythes, hooked blades meeting hooked hands erupting from the earth.
A brown, leathery pincer squeezed Rif's leg, despite his screaming and kicking. Wayden took a breath. 
Think, Wayden, think. What do I know about scagazi that could help? Their exoskeletons made them hard to damage using physical means. Bright lights blinded them, but he practiced no Glower magic. 
"Kolram, can you control them?"
"I cannot control or even speak to scagazi. They are more insect than mammal. I could summon animals from the nearby forest, but then our secret would be known."
Wayden glanced around, but Anaz and the other peasants were occupied in battles of their own. Wayden fought against an urge to flee towards safety, abandoning Rif. Kolram was right: if you want to be a hero, be one. He tightened his jaw. I'd rather die, than be a coward any longer. He lifted his scythe, and with a roar, charged towards Rif. 
A patch of open flesh on the scagazi's wrist caught Wayden's eye. He aimed the scythe, the blade biting into a gap in the exoskeleton. He yanked the scythe loose, ivory blood spraying in every direction.
 Rif broke free, eyes moist. "You s-s-saved me."
I can't believe I did it!
"Stay calm. We aren't out of this yet," Kolram said.
"Stay calm, Rif," Wayden parroted, infuriated at the way his voice came out more of a squawk than a hero's bellow. "We aren't out of this yet."
 Several scagazi burst through the ground. Their narrow faces bristled with spiked hair and their tiny eyes twitched constantly. Anaz swung his sword, but the blade bounced off the monsters thick exoskeleton. One scagazi lunged at Anaz, and he barely managed to dodge to the side. Anaz spun, and swung again, sword whistling through the air. This time it caught a gap in the scagazi's carapace and the monster went down with a crash. Two more charged at Anaz. Grim determination transformed the Ozac's usual sly grin into a scowl. 
"Beasts of Centuron," Anaz hissed, as he swung his sword again. The metal cut deep into scagazi flesh. For each one killed, another seemed to be birthed from the ground.
"We need to get out of here!" Wayden shouted.
A patch of dirt in front of them vibrated and swirled. A clawed leathery pincer sprouted from the earth- then another and another- like a crop of death. Wayden spun, but a scagazi burst onto the surface directly before him. He swung his scythe, but missed, managing only to decapitate a wheat stalk.
 The scagazi let out a shrill cry as it leapt towards him. Wayden turned to run, but twisted over his own feet and tumbled to the earth. He steeled himself for death. 
This is it.
A figure flew through the air, knocking the monster off Wayden. Kazor. I need to find the courage he has. 
As Wayden found his feet, Kazor lost his. The scagazi grabbed Kazor's legs and yanked him into the ground. The kindly orphans eyes widened and he reached out in desperation. Wayden grabbed for him, fingertips brushing Kazor. Churning soil swallowed the boy, leaving a grave of overturned clumps of dirt.
No. He'd been so kind, so good. I deserve to die not him.
"Grieve later." Kolram sent a wave of calming energy through Wayden's body. It didn't take away the pain, but it helped Wayden manage it, keep it in check. "There are wolves nearby."
"If I cast the summons, the other orphans and peasants will see me. I'll be arrested."
"You may have no other choice."
Wayden saw a burly peasant driving off a scagazi in the distance. Then the peasant fell down. Wayden lost sight of him beneath the walls of grain.
The soil simmered, then, as if hitting the boiling point, chunks of dirt erupted skyward - followed by a scagazi. The orphans pivoted right and ran into Big Darius. Another scagazi broke through the soil. They tried to head left, but again were blocked.
 "We're trapped," Big Darius sobbed. "We're wraithin' trapped. We're going to die."
Jagged mandibles clicked as the scagazi slithered closer.
Anaz charged through the grain, sword flashing. He caught one of the scagazi full force. A second and a third fell to his blade. A surge of hope charged through Wayden, until a fourth scagazi grabbed the Ozac's feet. Wayden met Anaz's eyes and the Ozac smiled. "Until we meet again." Then he was pulled underground in a swirl of dirt. 
Was this why Anaz had followed him? Stayed with him? Brought his sword and sharpened it? To give his life to save Wayden's? Why? Even in death the Gray Man remained an enigma.
The scagazi swarmed, mandibles clicking as they encircled Wayden, Big Darius, and Rif. Thick, pointed tails swayed back and forth, as if to some inaudible drum beat. Big Darius swung his scythe, only to have one of the creatures catch the blade and yank it from his hand.
"You have to use your magic," Kolram said.
Wayden swallowed. "You're right."
He dropped his scythe and moved his hands in semi-circles. His mind found a nearby pack of wolves. It was as if Kolram knew their language. They were hunting. They knew about the battle nearby. He filled their minds with the thought of wolf's chomping on scagazi meat.
 Then he chanted. The words for the spell could be anything, but they had to be chanted aloud. Something rhythmic tended to work best. "Come, moon howlers. Beasts of the woods. I am the moon king. I am the sharpest tooth, the cruelest claw. You will come. Come!" 
Big Darius edged backwards. "You- yer a witch!"
The scagazi crept closer.
The pack leader's mind resisted for a moment. Wayden felt like he was another larger wolf snapping at the pack leader. The two wolves circle each other. Than Wayden leapt at the wolf, snapping his jaws on its neck. Its resistance dissipated. It was in his control. 
Something moved in the stalks of wheat. Handsome Darius burst through the wheat stalks, a scagazi at his heels. He rushed towards Wayden, snatching the abandoned scythe from the ground. He turned and swung the blade right into a scagazi's throat.
Handsome prodded at another, keeping it at bay, while Wayden chanted, "Come! With tooth and claw drive the monsters back to ground! Come! As fast as paws can leap! Come! As fast as fur can fly."
The wolves bound through field of grain. Source Energy resonated in his throat and chest, as he continued to chant. 
"I'm not sure the wolves will get here soon enough," Kolram said.
"Well if we die, at least we won't be thrown into prison for using unauthorized magic."
Big Darius stared, wide-eyed, at Wayden. "Please- don't turn me into a newt." 
Wayden shook his head. They were surrounded by scagazi, and Big Darius was worried about that? Becoming a newt might be a step up for the lummox. At least amphibians recognized their enemies.
Hurry, wolves. He felt like he was back at his burning manor, waiting for the Fire Guard and the dragon to drive the Sky Raiders away.
One of the scagazi crawled past Handsome Darius, who was busy fighting off another scagazi. 
We're finished this time.
Rif spread his arms and fingers, gesturing at the scagazi. He sang without a stutter, "Inside your treasure you keep. I take it from you, in one fell sweep."
Mists appeared at the scagazi's mouth. The monster hissed and writhed on the ground. Its mist was thinner than the fogs Wayden had seen coming from the acolyte's lips, or the one Rif had pulled from the would-be rapist.
Rif's eyes went black.
 The scagazi's mist floated off, the creature's wiry body falling still. Wayden had never witnessed anything killed by Soul-stealing firsthand before. The creature's body shook and its dying shrieks sent a shiver up Wayden's spine.
"That was how you died?" 
"It wasn't pleasant," Kolram siad. "There may be more scagazi coming. I suggest-"
Two scagazi cornered Wayden, drawing closer and closer. An acrid scent wafted from them. One of the scagazi leapt on top of him, bowling him over into a bed of wheat. The leathery monster clawed at Wayden's face. Spittle dripped from the creature's mouth.
"Rif!" Wayden called out.
This time, Rif spoke in Tulkarian, as he cast his spell. What he said, Wayden didn't know, but the effect was obvious, as the mist streamed out of the scagazi's mouth. Another scagazi leapt at Rif, but a ball of fur intercepted it mid-flight. Claws clashed with pincers, swirling together to become an amalgamations of Fangs, mandibles, fur, and armor.
 The scagazi was on top of the wolf, ready to deliver the death blow. The pack leader ducked under the blow, surging forward. Her jaws closed in a triumphant chomp. 
A dozen more wolves poured into the clearing, leaping at the oncoming scagazi. A wolf snapped a scagazi's leg, lofting a fountain of white blood. The gray-furred pack-leader tore a scagazi's limbs as if pulling legs off a grasshopper. The few surviving monsters turned face, burrowing for safety, uprooting wheat stalks in their wake. The wolves dragged the corpses into the woods.
"Thank you," Wayden communicated to them. "You do honor to the pack." He released his hold on their minds.
The rush of adrenaline deserted him, and he slumped to the ground. The heavens burst open, raining on the weary survivors. 
Tired cheers erupted, mixed with groans of pain and sobbing. A gray-haired woman treated a badly wounded peasant boy. Two other women watched, sobbing.
 A middle-aged man lay dead and two men were tending the body. A woman shrieked for her missing daughter until a man found her hiding under a wheelbarrow. The peasants cheered as the mother embraced her child. Kazor, Anaz, and two farmers were gone.
Wayden clenched his teeth, fighting back tears. He'd failed them.
Big Darius pointed at Rif and Wayden. "You're witches."
We'll be arrested by the Fire Guard. 
 "We didn't d-d-do anything," Rif said. 
Rory inched closer, eying Wayden and Rif.
"You did," Big Darius said. "I heard you muttering strange words and gesturing. You're illegal witches. Unauthorized magic. They be payin' for the likes of you."
Handsome Darius thumped Big Darius's wounded arm. Big Darius winced. "Lock your lips, Big D. You know they been roundin' up magi. Wayden and Rif just saved our lives. Do you want the Dracon to grab them just cause they didn't get no authorization? Why do people need authorization to be saving someone's life? That ain't right."
Rory shook his head like a stubborn two-year-old. "Magic is illegal and that's that."
"Magic? What are you talking about?" Wayden laughed. His insides churned. "I think you've written one too many love letters. I was just praying." 
"That weren't any prayer I ever heard," Big Darius said, fiddling with his bandage. "All them funny words and what you were doing with yer hands. That's witchcraft that was."
Wayden's laugh trembled. It came out sounding more like a strangled duck than a confident rebuttal. Rory's gaze bore into him: suspicion mixed with self-righteous indignation, a dangerous combination.

Chapter 8 
The Nest
	
						 
		Now, you are neither man nor lion. You're a rat. -Mavik

						-<>-	

						Mavik

The icy ground crunched beneath Mavik's worn leather shoes. 
Seven years in the cold, gathering wood for the slaver's fire. Seven years serving as property to the men who burnt his house down and killed his mother. Seven years since Wayden let go of his hand and Goat snatched him. Seven years since Mavik discovered his father was a traitor.
He craned his neck to stare up at the Nest, the circular fortress of towering granite walls that snaked Mount Despos. The bonfire known as the Beacon burned on its summit, a fiery crown adorning the mountain's head. Gar Skymaster, and his Raider minions basked in its warmth, while Mavik and the other slaves slogged through slush.
Mavik pulled a wooden sled past run-down shacks and privy ditches filled with frozen feces. A team of Sky Raiders flanked them; led by the one-eared man named Isel, the man who had torched Mavik's home. One of the Sky Raiders held a collared magic-eater by a chain. The slug-like creature slithered alongside, blocking the potential of the magi using their powers to escape.
Skarak, the Ozac Sky Raider who had killed Nanny, dragged a witch towards the chopping block. Opel, a Glower Witch, had run off in the middle of the night. She was brave, if not wise. She'd already lost two fingers from previous attempts. A necklace of dried fingers hung around Skarak's neck.
Mavik looked away. He didn't watch, but he heard all too well: the blade sharpening on a whetstone, Opel begging for mercy, the thunk of the cleaver descending against the chopping block, Opel's high-pitched shriek, and Isel's breathy laughter.
Mavik stared down at his own fingers. He still had nine of them, all but his left pinky.
Skarak brought Opel, and a healer witch who was cradling Opel's hand in a blood soaked rag, back to the sleeping furs. The other sky raiders escorted Mavik and the others deeper into the pine forest. 
The evergreens, as thin and tired looking as the prisoners, bent in their attempt to survive the bitter wind. The sled's runners crunched dried needles, scraping parallel ravines into the icy snow. The smell of cedar mixed with the faint scent of blood. Slaves wordlessly gathered firewood. Some of the Sky Raiders encouraged work songs, but Isel never did. 
Isel gestured at the sled. "Logs in the back, mid-sized in the front, kindling in the middle."
As if they hadn't heard it a thousand times before. 
They all knew every type of Raslonian wood. The ones to gather (black locust, beech, white ash, pine, and dragon wood) and the ones to avoid (stink sap, mirror wood, iron-bark, poison ash, and tangle thorn). Mavik could write a book on it. A Treatise on Gathering Firewood for a Heartless Dictator, by Mavik, son of Kelsen the Rat. 
Isel turned to Mavik's father and said, "Rat, yer son's slacking. Give him a taste of leather."
Kelsen had been nick-named after his pet, an albino rodent, and the name was apt. It had come as a shock when Mavik found out that Kelsen was at the slave camp. Mavik had known his father had disappeared chasing after Gar Skymaster, but no one knew what had become of him since. If that was a shock, it was a cloud full of lightning to find out his father was now Kelsen the Rat, a collaborator. 
For slightly less rancid food, a private tent, half-decent boots, and a pet rat, his father had deteriorated from the noble Lord of Telek Manor into the Sky Raiders' lap-dog. Kelsen's matted hair and beard hung in long tangles. Even collaborators didn't get razors. His once erect posture had bent into one similar to his rats. Kelsen had been the one to take Mavik's finger. "I'll just take your left pinky. You won't even miss it."
Now his father feigned compassion. "Do as he orders, son. Save yourself some grief. We've been through this before."
Mavik rubbed the nub of his missing pinky. "What are you waiting for?"
Kelsen sighed, and then half-heartedly flicked the whip. Isel tugged the chain on his magic-eater. "Pfff, ye call that a lash, Rat? Do it right or I be doing it meself and give him a right proper taste of pain."
Mavik played his role in a drama that had been reenacted a thousand too many times. The show was entitled: 'In which Isel exercises his need for power, Mavik his stubbornness, and Kelsen reveals his amazing lack of spine.' These were the roles they'd been cast in and they knew no other lines.
Kelsen spun Mavik around and brought the whip down. It was just like Mavik was a little boy again, over his father's knee, except the belt had become a whip. The leather's venom burnt, sending Mavik falling into the snow gasping. 
Kelsen moved to help Mavik up, whispering, "It doesn't have to be like this. Why do you have to be so stubborn?"
Mavik's chest burned with anger. He yanked his arm free from Kelsen's grasp. "They murdered your wife. How does that not bother you?"
Kelsen shook Mavik. "The lion eats the deer. The strong rule the weak."
"Then don't be weak." Mavik found his feet. "You're a man, not a beast. Or were, at least. Now, you are neither man nor lion." Mavik stared at Kelsen's pet rodent, perched on his shoulder. "You're a rat." 
Kelsen brought down the whip in a bout of cold fury. 
"All right, Rat!" Isel shouted. "That be enough! I said whip him, not kill him."
Mavik fought back a sob. It wasn't the lash that stung so badly. Even more agonizing were the constant reminders that his father was gone and only a flesh puppet remained. 
Once Mavik had asked his father why he had become a collaborator. His father replied, 'We're stuck here anyway, son. Join me. Let's make the best of this place.' Tired of cold and pain, which stretched on like the endless icy plains, there were moments when Mavik was tempted.
Jijari, the Splasher witch inside Mavik's mind, whispered to him, "Hold on to your heart, Child. Driftwood finds its way home. We've seen it in the water that your future is not here. It's getting closer. The future comes in on wings."
A shadow fell on Mavik. Looking up, he saw the underside of a gray skywolf spiraling towards him. The vast wings spread like a tent, and beneath its feathered canopy, the skywolf's matted gray fur covered sinewy muscle. The wolf landed. Two figures straddled the beast's back, Goat and another, obscured behind him.
Seeing Goat always brought back painful memories of the day Mavik's home had burned. Wayden shouldn't have let go of my hand, Mavik thought for the thousandth time. 
"The Source wanted it this way," Jijari said. "There is a plan."
"A plan. Some plan this has been."
If Wayden hadn't let go, his life would have played out differently. He wouldn't have mistaken Goat's smoky silhouette for his brother's, wouldn't have called to him, and ran to him.
A powerful sensation, almost as if an invisible cord around his heart had been tugged, yanked Mavik from his reveries. Mavik caught sight of the prisoner behind Goat. His breath caught in his throat at the sight of the blonde-haired girl from his Splasher visions. The tattoo, the filthy blonde hair, the hazel eyes, the cat-like face with the high cheek bones tattooed with swirling vines - there was no mistaking her. And he felt the Connection to her.
"The Source is leading us back together," Jijari said. "There is no doubt about it. She hosts a Grandmaster."
A memory passed through Mavik's mind, of Jijari pounding on Magic-finder Zaburn's door. She breathlessly told him that all the Grandmasters would be separated. She'd foreseen them blown apart, separated like dandelion seeds. The next week all the Grandmasters had been ordered to Darkfist. While gathered on the inner ring, Zaburn quietly cast a Connection Spell on the Grandmasters.
Goat unbound the thick hemp rope, revealing a red ring of flesh where it had bitten into the girl's bony wrists. Kelsen took her arm and led her forward. The girl's eyes locked on to Mavik. She scrunched her forehead and cocked her head at an angle as she studied him. She's feeling the Connection spell too!
What could he say? 'Excuse me. Do you feel an invisible rope tugging at your heart?' He'd come off looking less crazy if he stripped naked and danced with a chicken on his head.
A notch later, his chance to speak to the girl arrived. The Sky Raiders and Kelsen studied a crinkled parchment brought by Goat. Kelsen, the only literate one, read aloud the detailed results from the latest Tulkarian Blood Games.
 Mavik approached the girl, who was shivering in her thin robe.
"You alright?" Mavik asked.
"'Sides bein' taken from my family to a frozen wasteland? Aye, I be dandy."
Mavik removed the fur he wore over his cloak and handed it to the girl.
She threw it back at him with a smirk. "Keep yer clothes on, boy."
"Take it. I took this one off a man who died from the cold." Jijari had told him it was against the Source to filch from corpses, but Mavik ignored her. The dead never complained.
The girl sighed. "Don't be thinkin' I owe you." Her voice was muffled, as she put the fur on. "I'll be payin' you back, just as soon as I find me a corpse."
Mavik started to laugh, but a pang of hunger, coupled with his bruised ribs, doubled him over.
 She put a hand on his back. "You be alright?"
"I got my back scratched with a whip. And I'm hungry. But besides that I'm dandy too."
The girl smiled. "I be Emerelda. I be feelin' you about the hunger. My tribe lives in Deep Woods. There were some winters when I almost ate me own shoes."
"I'd kill for a good shoe right now." 
Emerelda laughed, half-turning away from him and wiping something from her face. When she turned back, Mavik noticed traces of moistness on her pink cheeks. "Sorry. It be a day from the nether world. The raiders caught me out huntin'. I'll never be seein' my Da and tribe again, I reckon."
Mavik wished he could tell her she was wrong, that he'd get her back to her tribe, but the truth was he didn't know. Jijari's visions showed him in a tunnel with her. There was a woman all in white sealed in a Guardian field. There was a golden armored knight. There were woven statues. He hadn't seen anything resembling returning Emerelda to her family. There were always junctures though and the future was never certain.
"I'm sorry," Mavik said, though a selfish part of him was glad she was here. Perhaps it meant that soon he'd run off with this girl and escape the slave camp. Whatever they would face in those tunnels, it couldn't be worse than life in the Nest.
Isel shouted at Kelsen, "Rat, get that girl and Mavik working before they taste me leather."
"He needs a new line. And I'm so hungry the leather is tempting," Mavik whispered. "Perhaps I'll eat his whip. It can't be worse than the food they give us. In fact, I'd hazard they make the food and the whips from the same leather."
Emerelda stifled a snicker, as Kelsen approached, whip in hand. His white rat crawled from his pocket and settled on his shoulder. 
Mavik glowered at his father. "We'll get back to work. Now leave us before I tear that whip out of your hand and choke you with it." 
Kelsen's face reddened. "I'm still your father."
"You're a rat."
Kelsen backhanded Mavik into the snow and stormed off.
Emerelda eyed him. 
"That's my father."
"I be gatherin'."
Isel separated them after that: Emerelda filled the baskets, while Mavik gathered another sled-load of wood. They kept at it until sunset. Even the skywolves were drooping by the time the last ray of sun disappeared behind the smooth granite walls of the Nest. 
Mavik couldn't get over Emerelda's presence here at the slave camp. The prophecy of Emerelda's arrival had kept him going, not only because he knew that a future awaited him other than the slave camp, but also because of her. He had watched her image in the swirling water countless times before he'd actually met her. And he had dreamed.
That evening, Emerelda and Mavik sat at their own small fire. Opel and the other slaves huddled around a second larger one, a dozen paces to the left. Three Sky Raiders sat at a third blaze, sharing a flask, and playing bone dice. 
The night sky was alight with a thousand stars. A log burnt through its core, the last thread dissolving like a bridge collapsing into a lake of coals. Sparks flew heavenwards, adding golden embers to the silver and indigo sky.
One of the slave women shuffled by and handed Emerelda a pot of balm. "Would you be a dear, and put this on Mavik's whip wounds? I've got to check on Opel's hand." 
Emerelda raised Mavik's robes to his shoulders. He both flushed and froze, standing in just his under clothes. Blood had dried the fabric of his robe to his skin. Her fingertips touched him gently, yet Mavik cringed as pain shot through him. Her hands moved quickly, spreading the ointment into the cracks and crevices that were the violent topography of a slave's back.
"I hate my father. He's a wraithing collaborator." 
 "Hmmm." She pulled the robe back down.
"What does 'hmmm' mean?"
"Hmmm, means I be thinkin'. Don't they be teaching ya nuthin down in yer land of fire? I were just thinkin' that everybody be different. Hard to judge."
Mavik shook his head stubbornly. "I haven't given in."
Emerelda shrugged. "Maybe not, but we all be different."
"Would you become a collaborator?"
"I be hopin' not. I hope I be strong like you, but I ain't none too sure."
Emerelda's tattooed vines moved with her cheekbones as she spoke. A hazel halo encircled her hazel eyes. The fire danced around her and within her.
She's so beautiful.
"The Source is good," Jijari thought. "It has brought you this girl." 
"Don't give me that," Mavik thought, "The Source brought me to this slave camp." 
"The Source only warned you would wind up here. It was man that brought you here, not the divine."
"Then there is no guarantee it will save me. That I'll succeed." 
"The Source does not live our lives for us, but inspires us, pushes us onwards. Grants us the gift of hope."
"Hope is the most cold hearted of all. It's let me down, time and time again."
"You be alright? You looked a bit distracted." Emerelda asked.
"Just lost in thought."
Emerelda took his hand. "Do you be feelin' something towards me?" 
Mavik swallowed. He hoped she could not read some of his baser thoughts, those he even kept from Jijari. Aloud, he said, "Wh-what do you mean?"
Skywolves howled in the distance, two sharp notes followed by a long croon.
Emerelda ran a hand through her uneven hair. "I be feelin' a strange sensation ever since I sawed you, like you be me long lost brother or somethin'."
Brother. His heart sank. I don't want to be her brother.
Here was his chance to broach the topic without appearing to be a lunatic. "Yes. I feel it as well." He hesitated for a moment. "Do you . . . have a second voice inside your mind?" 
Emerelda grabbed Mavik's arm and shook him, her hazel haloes widening in shock. "How ya be knowin'?"
"Easy, now." Mavik grimaced, his wounds brushing against his cloak. "I have one too. Jijari, a water prophetess."  
"You too!" She slapped him on his whip wound and Mavik let out a cry of pain. 
One of the Sky Raider guards barked at them, "Pipe down!"
 She lowered her voice to a whisper. "I thought I be going moon-howlin'! Solita be mine."
Mavik breathed slowly through his nose, trying to keep his heart from splitting. Solita, Kolram's wife. My brother's wife . . .sort of. Had anyone written any guidelines for these types of situations? There were rules about first cousins, but he'd never heard about rules of etiquette for courting the soul host whose second soul was married to your brother's wizard. 
 "I had a twin-brother. He might be dead for all I know. He hosted Grandmaster Kolram."
Emerelda winced and put her hands over her ears. "Alright, Solita! Ouch, enough, for the blood of Bantos!" The Sky Raiders looked in their direction again. Emerelda lowered her voice to a whisper. "Sorry, Solita be jabberin' on: 'her darlin' Kolram' and all that hysterical lovey-dovey stuff. So yer thinkin' yer brother be dead?"
 "I think he's alive, but I'm not sure. When I look for him in the water, sometimes I see a white dragon, but never him."
"Maybe he be turning into a dragon. Stranger things have happened. Having a Guardian witch in me head, fer instance."
"What is Solita like?" Mavik asked.
"Solita be so annoyin', always wantin' me to speak more better. What's wrong with how I be talkin' anyway?"
Mavik smiled. "Nothing. The way you talk is lovely."
"Lovely?" Jijari scoffed. "Men."
Emerelda scoffed as well. "Lovely? Well, I wouldn't be goin' that far. But people understand me decent enough. Anyhow, I don't put much stock in lovely."
"Everything about you is lovely," Mavik thought.
"Abstain from unholy desires!" Jijari said. "The Laws of the Sunken Temple and in your own Red Lands forbid the coveting of your brother's wife."
	"Kolram's wife, not my brother's," Mavik thought. "And it's Emerelda I'm interested in, not Solita. How did everything get so confused?" 
How would Wayden respond if Emerelda and Mavik were to become a couple? Did it even matter? He'd likely never see Wayden again. The thought crushed him. He was angry at Wayden for letting his hand go, but Wayden was still his brother. 
Mavik glanced at Emerelda. Tears streaked her face.
"Sorry. Be thinkin' about home again. Wonderin' how my Da is."
"Jijari foresaw you and me escaping this place. I don't know how, and I don't know when, but I will get you out of here. I promise."
"Don't be makin' any promises ya can't be keepin'." 
She leaned against him.
Mavik was deciding what to say to her next when the sound of gentle snores reached his ears, and he felt her head leaving heavily against him. Their combined warmth helped chase away some of the cold, but still he shivered. 
"I need another fur," he decided. "Maybe someone else will die soon." 

Chapter 9 
Raining Wizards

	The future is not wrought in stone, but flows in water. -Night

-<>-
Wayden

The orphanage gate clanged behind Wayden and Big Darius as they headed onto the street to clear away fallen branches from the previous night's storm. A tall tanglewood tree had been cut right in half by a bolt of lightning and the road was partially blocked.
"Fess up, Toast," Big Darius said, bringing the wheel barrow to a halt. "You used magic on them scagazi, you did."
Wayden threw a stick into the wheel barrow. "You'll never stop asking me about this will you?" 
"Not till you tell the truth." 
The mud squelched under Wayden's shoes. "The truth is you're alive and you should thank the Dragonking for it."
Someone cleared his throat. Wayden had been so engaged in his argument with Big Darius he hadn't even noticed anyone approaching. He turned to see the man he'd seen in the alleyway using soul-stealing magic like a narcotic for the acolyte. The curved dagger still hung on his belt. The cold wind kissed Wayden's face.
Mole-nose smiled. His filigreed robes billowed in the wind and he leaned on a gold-handled cane. "We should all thank the Dragonking for our blessings, shouldn't we?"
Wayden had almost forgotten about Mole-nose. A sudden thought struck Wayden hard in the gut. Could he be standing face to face with the Striker?
Mole-nose sauntered towards them, Viper-Tattoo following silently behind him. Mole-Nose had ornate rings on several fingers and a golden necklace. With so much wealth why had Wayden first met him hanging out in a back alley? 
Mole-nose gestured at Wayden. "You're the boy with the Ozac step-father, aren't you? You want a job? My messenger boy never showed. It'll pay three coppers."
"No thanks," Wayden said.
A gust of wind sent leaves cartwheeling down the cobblestone street.
Big Darius's eyes lit up. "I'll do it!" 
Mole-nose spat out a wad of yellow sour-leaf. "Know how to read, boy?"
Big Darius's face sank. "No."
"Perfect." Mole-nose handed him a sealed parchment. "Take it down to the Coros mansion. You'll get two coins when you get back. Three if you're quick about it."
Wayden grabbed Big Darius by the arm and whispered in his ear. "Don't."
Big Darius shoved Wayden. "Wraith off, Toast. I'll do what I like, witch." 
The sounds of the orphanage gate squeaking open and then slamming shut, made them all turn. Rif was walking towards them, sea-shell braids at full swing. 'Wayden. Mistress Night wants . . ." His eyes rested on Mole Nose. "A word . . ."
The short man noticed Rif staring. "Do I know you?"
"Gior," Rif said. 
"How did you know my name?" Mole-nose narrowed his eyes at Rif. "Who are you?"
"N-n-no one. Nothing. I just heard stories about how great you are. S-s-sorry. I must be-" Rif pushed open the gate and rushed back into the yard. 
Gior stared at him for a moment and then shrugged before sauntering away. Wayden ran to catch up to Rif. "What was that all about?"
Rif was still trembling "Gior studied soul-stealing with Arth, the Dracon, and Dakarth." 
The Dracon and Dakarth-the two leaders that summoned Kolram and the other grandmasters to Darkfist. 
"An alley rat studied with the leaders of Helos and Raslo?"  Wayden asked.
"That alley rat is a d-d-descendant of the Immortal Raylar, like Arth. He was Arth's distant c-c-cousin. Gior inherited some of Raylar's tomes." Rif twisted one of his sea-shell beaded braids. 
"So why would he hang out in an alley?"
"Soul-stealing doesn't work well in a sealed room," Rif said. "Night said you n-n-needed to come quickly."
 "It's not meal time."
Rif shrugged. "She wants her st-st-stew, and to talk to you, right away."
They headed into the main room of the orphanage. 
"Come with me?" Wayden asked.
"She wanted to speak to you alone and Crag told me to clean the sleeping-quarters p-p-post haste."
"Well, the sleeping quarters are on the way. I want to ask you something."
"Alright."
Wayden headed into the scullery, and Cook, looking uncharacteristically subdued, handed him the stew. Cook has heard the rumors that I'm a warlock. He's probably worried I'm going to turn him into a piece of charred toast.
As they ascended the stairs, Wayden asked Rif, "How did Arth learn how to steal souls?"
	"Like Gior, Arth inherited some b-b-books Raylar wrote."
"Kolram told me Raylar experimented with Wraith magic."
	"C-c-correct. He discovered new spells, experimenting on r-r-r-wraiths, scagazi, magic-eaters. Whatever creature he could get hold of. Raylar invented soul-stealing using wraith magic."
They paused on the second floor landing. Wayden glanced around, but no one was nearby. 
"And he taught Dracon Niar, Dakarth, and Gior?" Wayden whispered.
"Yes, but none of them were his equal. Gior was the best of the lot and Dakarth never mastered it at all. They kicked Gior out, claiming he was planning on selling their secrets for money."
"Was it true?"
Rif shrugged. "Probably. Arth never trusted Gior, but he trusted Dakarth and Dracon Niar even less. They wanted to learn soul absorption but wouldn't tell Arth why. Arth gave them the wrong information, teaching them a second method of soul dispersal instead, telling them it was the method for absorption. The souls never went into Asgaroth or the Dracon, they went everywhere else looking for a host."
"A host for what?" Night stood on the staircase. It was the farthest from her room Wayden had ever seen her venture. "Come Wayden, I've something to tell you." Night held the door open for them, smiling like a sweet grandmother. "Rif, my dear, I need to speak to Wayden alone. You can come sing me my lullaby later."
"Good l-l-luck," Rif whispered to Wayden before scurrying away.
Night, dressed in a black gown, studied the water in the basin. For a moment, her eyes pulsed, turning from gray to black. Mavik's eyes had done that too, on the day he painted the water color of the one-eyed bird with the bloody blue beak. The one that predicted Gar Skymaster's coming.
Night's wrinkled hands enveloped Wayden's. "Ah, I'm glad you have come. I had a vision of you in the water, freeing my grandmother. An important juncture."
"Juncture?" Wayden asked.
Night ran a finger through a basin and then extended it upwards. A single drop clung to her bony fingertips, glistening in the candlelight. "The future is not wrought in stone, but flows in water. Junctures are turning points, places where the choices become pivotal."
Wayden placed Cook's bread bowl on a table. Night had claimed her grandmother was the Shadow Queen, and now she said he would free her? "Why would I free the Shadow Queen? She's evil." 
Night waved her hand. "Evil, good. Darkness, light." She lifted up the candle so half her face was shadowed and half illuminated. "Move beyond such simplistic concepts. Is not darkness necessary for light and light for darkness?" Night stepped over to the stew and pulled a chunk of bread from the side of the trencher. "My grandmother and the Weaver allied with the wraiths. The Immortals championed the cause of greed, those who wanted more territory, more power, more wealth, more, more, more. The Shadow Queen wanted them to understand the beauty of the wraiths, that they weren't the enemy."
"All very interesting, but what does this have to do with me?" 
"I'm afraid I cannot say how you'll be used at the end of the day."
That prophecy will never come true, Wayden swore to himself. I'll never free the Immortal who sided with wraiths over the humans.
 Night tore a corner of the bread bowl and held it between gnarled fingers. "The visions are contradictory. I see you in two places on the Night of the Three Moons. And your face isn't burnt in some of the visions. You don't have a twin-brother, do you?" Night cackled at her own joke, but Wayden felt a surge of hope. Could she be seeing Mavik in the water? Was his brother still alive?
Night dabbed the bread in the stew and popped it in her mouth. The food was half-chewed as she said, "Itsh confwusing." Thankfully, she swallowed. "I see you without your burn, freeing my grandmother, and with your burn fighting Gar Skymaster for control of a flaming cat."
"A flaming cat?"
Night stared into the cauldron of water stirring it with her finger. "Interesting."
"What?"
"Are you familiar with the story of Benol and the Crying Bear?"
"I-"
 "Once upon a time, there was a warlock known as the Glass Mage. He was a Beast Tongue and a Glimpser. He controlled an enormous grizzly. Every Flame Day, the bear wreaked havoc in the towns and country, but always with tears in its eyes. The town's folk decided to send a Beast Tongue to the Glass Castle in the clouds. They sent a young Glimpser named Benol."
 "They were both Glimpsers and Beast Tongues just like you, Kolram," Wayden thought.
"Both magic types are forms of mental communication," Kolram replied. "They don't have to go together, but they sometimes do."
"When Benol went up to the castle," Night continued, "he found the warlock sitting on a huge throne made of mirrors in a glass room. The warlock's face was half flesh, half glass. Benol approached the throne, but his feet became reflections."
"How could his feet-?"
"Benol begged the warlock to stop sending the pillaging bear, but the Glass Mage only laughed, saying, 'It is our right as Glimpsers to rule the weak. Join me. We can reign over these lesser beings. Simply give up your warmth and become half glass like me.' Benol refused. The warlock had his grizzly chain Benol in a cell."
Wayden rolled his eyes. "How could a bear chain him?"
Night shrugged. "It must have had hands."
"What type of bear has hands?"
Night whirled around, her eyes darkening. "The type that doesn't keep interrupting!" Night took a breath and straightened her hair. "Benol fought against the warlock, but the Glass Mage was too strong. He gave Benol three days to change his mind. Chains bound his arms and legs, and he hung upside down, naked, in a cold cell. Rats ran up and down his body, but they didn't bother him. In fact, they used their hands to ease his pain."
"How do rats-"
Night silenced Wayden with a glare. "You don't know much about stories, do you?"
"I know they ought to make sense. If you have information, tell it plainly. Don't give me lies about rats with hands."
 "Ah, but there are different types of truths, aren't there?" Night drew close to Wayden. He backed up against the window, afraid of another kiss. "There is the truth that rats have claws, and then there is the deeper truth, that sometimes they have a purpose. Take my grandson for one. Not a whisker on him, but even unwittingly, he plays his role. You mustn't ask how, but instead what: what does it mean? How can I use it? You see what I mean."
"No."
"Excellent," Night spun around, and paced away from Wayden. "Then I'll continue. The grizzly slept outside Benol's cell, but at night the bear wept. Feeling pity for the grizzly, every night Benol sang it to sleep. The Warlock visited Benol for the third and final time, yet still Benol refused to acquiesce. The Glass Mage ordered the grizzly to eat Benol."
"Fine!" Wayden threw up his hands. "The story doesn't have to make sense, but why are you telling me this?"
"Ah, now you are asking the right question," Night lifted the candle, holding it at an angle so wax dripped in a puddle on the table. "Why indeed. Now try to use your ears boy, or whatever you call the cauliflowers on the side of your head. The bear told Benol he would leap from the clouds rather than eat his true friend. Benol told the beast he did not want him to hurt himself. The grizzly said, 'There must be some other way.'  Benol thought for a moment and said, 'If you joined me perhaps we could overpower him together.' Instead of Benol trying to control the Grizzly, like the Glass Mage did, Benol gave his strength to the animal. The bear was free. When the warlock came to see what was taking his pet so long, he found the grizzly unchaining Benol."
"What happened next?" Wayden surprised himself by blurting out the question. 
"The Glass Mage grew mad with rage. He rushed at Benol, who dove aside, and the evil Glimpser broke through the wall of the Glass Castle. To this day, when there is a downpour the people of Glaston say, 'It's raining wizards'."
"That's the end of the story?" Wayden groaned to himself. "That's the great truth that is supposed to help me?"
"Sometimes truths are shy maids," Kolram said. "And don't like to reveal themselves right away." 
Night waved her hand at Wayden. "Now I'm sleepy. I must rest."
Wayden grumbled to himself as he walked back downstairs. He was tired of Water Prophets with their Splasher prophecies. They were too long and said too little. Mavik's watercolors hadn't saved their mother, and Night's stories wouldn't save him either. 
A peal of thunder roared across the sky.
"Great. Now it's raining wizards."
Chapter 10 
With the Shadow of Night

Enjoy today, this moment, this sunset. - Kolram

-<>-  

The next evening, Wayden trudged up the stairs bearing a bowl of rancid-smelling stew. He was so hungry it tempted him, sleep medicine or not. What would Crag do if he found Wayden curled up on the stairwell asleep with an empty bowl of stew?
A burst of lightning illuminated the stairwell. With the shadow of night comes fear, the old saying went. The darkness unnerved him. Goose bumps rose on his arms.
Of course, Rory wouldn't give him a lantern. "Ya ain't in the Telek Manor anymore, Lord Toast," he had said. "You think we got oil to be wastin' on the likes of you? Feel yer way like everyone else."
Rory hadn't minded burning some oil the other night when he dictated yet another of his love poems to the innkeeper's daughter: 'You be beautiful like a mountain. I want to climb you. Let me be your inn and you can keep me.'  Wayden barely managed to keep a straight face during these dictations.
Deprived of both lantern and lunar illumination, making his way was no easy task, especially balancing the tray of stew. Wayden had walked these stairs often enough, but protruding nails and warped wood, made the going precarious even under better circumstances. As he drew closer to the landing, the light from the distant Wall of Flames provided a drop of light.
Wayden could hear Rory and Master Crag arguing.
"We should be tellin' the Fire Guard about what happened in them fields!" Rory shouted. "They be using unauthorized magic." 
 Wayden ground his teeth. He and Rif would have to run for it, if Crag decided to tell the Guard. Luckily, Crag wasn't in agreement. "Oh, go marry yourself a magic-eater, Rory. You've been writing too much poetry and it's made your brain go funny."
"But the law-" Rory said.
"It was the divine power of the Source watching over your sorry arse. No child can master magic." Crag snorted. "Even I haven't mastered Fire-whispering yet and I've been training with an authorized tutor. You'll make us look right fools. No Fire Guard. That's an order."
Wayden paused at the landing, staring out into the gloom. The distant Wall of Flames was a curtain of orange and red. Wayden longed to see a Wall of the World, or for that matter, any wall other than those of the Dracon's Home for Unadoptable Boys. Wayden imagined trekking southwards, upon his sixteenth birthday, to the ice kingdom of Raslo and wreaking vengeance against Gar Skymaster. Perhaps Rif would come as his squire. 
"Wayden, this dream is a child's folly," Kolram said, "Your father led an expedition with a large squadron of armed men to bring Gar to justice. Why would one boy fare better than a small army?"
"I held my own against the scagazi."
"Once again, you either think you are nothing, or you think you can do everything."
"I know, I know." Wayden sighed. "It's just . . . I need to do something. What else can I do?"
"Join the Fire Guard. Convince the Court of Flames to make an offensive. Study magic and become a stronger Beast Tongue than Gar." 
"Those plans would take ages. I've been waiting eight years now. I'm tired of waiting."
"Patience. It will happen in time."
"No, it won't. I'm nothing and nothing will come of me. My father died for nothing. My mother died for nothing. My brother was captured for nothing. And I'll die for nothing too. The Dragonking is a nothing and the Source is a bloody menace."
"Take it a step at a time, young Wayden, for even the smallest of steps matter. Who knows what the future shall hold? There is naught you can do about tomorrow. Enjoy today, this moment, this sunset. The greatest treasures of life belong to orphan and royalty alike."
"It would be easier to enjoy the wraithin' sunset if my stomach wasn't rumbling," Wayden thought.
A creaking sound was racing up the wooden steps below, as the pitter-patter of footfalls approached. Lightning suddenly illuminated the stairwell. Wayden half expected to see Rif or one of the Dariuses heading his way. Instead what he saw was nothing but dancing shadows. Wayden's muscles tightened. 
A shadow bumped into his shoulder as it passed. By some miracle, Wayden held onto the tray. What in the Seven Heavens was that? A shadow with warmth and dimension?
 Wayden's insides quivered. "Was that a ghost?" 
"There are no such things as ghosts," Kolram said. "Well? unless you count me. Though I think I count more as a disembodied spirit-" 
"Then what pushed me?" 
"You imagined it. 'Tis natural for one's nerves to play tricks when we walk alone in the stormy dark." 
Footsteps creaked up the stairs ahead of him, and rusty hinges shrieked as a door opened.
 "That was not my imagination."
Or was it? Shadows did not shove. Some dark force might be murdering the old woman. He had to save her.
 He forced his feet into motion, silently as he could, inching up the stairway. Perhaps it was some assassin or thief skilled in the ways of stealth. But what mortal man could be so stealthy as to be invisible?  Could the intruder be a mage?
"There is no such thing as invisibility magic," Kolram said.
"Wraiths can turn into shadows," Wayden thought.
"The Immortals trapped the wraiths two millennia ago," Kolram said.
"Perhaps they missed one."
Through Night's half-open door, Wayden heard a young girl's voice.
"Tell me about Jazlyn's mother. Did she die in childbirth as the Dracon claimed?" 
A growl of thunder startled Wayden. He barely stopped himself from crying out. The rain drummed against the window glass.
Night said, "You will not believe the truth, Verica."
Verica! The scarred daughter of Healer Berik. What was she doing up here?
The sound of footsteps approached the door. Wayden squeezed behind the doorframe, pressing against the wall and wishing he too could turn invisible. He held his breath, tightness running through him. Why am I so scared of a girl? But then he remembered the dark abyss of the scar. She was no ordinary girl. There was something inside of her. . . A flash of lightning lit up the landing. Wayden swallowed.
The door swung open, brushing against the edge of the tray. Through the edge of the door frame, he saw Verica peering out. She held up a candle and her eyes searched the landing. She shrugged and reentered the room, closing the door behind her. Wayden placed the tray on the floor, and tiptoed closer, pressing his ear against the wood. 
"Thought I heard something," Verica said. "Go on."
"You should not be burdened with such a story my girl," Night said. "A sad tale for tender ears." 
"My ears can take it," Verica said. 
"Did you bring the herbs?"
"Yes."
"Can I have them?"
"After you tell me."
"So be it. Fifteen years ago, the Dracon and Dakarth summoned the Grandmasters to Dark Fist on Three Moons' Night, when magic is at its strongest."
"Why is magic stronger on Three Moons' Night?" Verica asked. 
"How should I know? Do you want to hear the story or not?" Night paused. A glass clinked. "The Draconess, not the cow who calls herself the Draconess now, but the real one. Jazlyn's mother accompanied Dracon Niar. She was with child, and I joined her entourage, in the place of one of her midwives who got the pox. Can I have the herbs?"
"After the story."
 "That evening, I was sent to fetch the water, but got lost. As I passed the temple chambers, I heard screams. I entered, thinking there might be an emergency for which a healer was required."
Wayden moved his foot and the floorboard squeaked. He held his breath.
Night continued, sounding as if in a trance, "On the inner ring stood Flickers clutching bloody knives. The blindfolded corpses of the Grandmasters formed a circle around the entrapped Immortals. I recognized Kolram's corpse. A mist rose from his lips. And from the other Grandmasters as well."
"A witness to our murder!" Kolram said.
 "Mists poured from the lips of all the Grandmasters as blood gushed from their bodies." Night's voice became a whine. "Just a bit now?"
"After the story."
 Exchanging drugs for information wasn't right, but Wayden understood Verica's need to know. His own desire burned like the heart of a dragon. 
"The Dracon chanted, but the Grandmasters' mists drifted away from him. 'What is this? They should be coming to me,' the Dracon had said. But the mists slipped away, drifting out the breached eastern wall of the temple. 'No!' the Dracon cried. Two more mists rose from the Guardian energy shield enshrouding the bodies of Asgaroth and the Dragonking. Asgaroth's had a hint of black to it and the Dragonking's a streak of red.
"Dakarth stared at the black mist, as the Dracon watched the red." Night cleared her throat. "The Dracon held aloft the Sword of Luminescence, chanting, 'Come to me Dragonking, and let your power be mine.' The red mist moved towards the Dracon, who stood with open mouth, as if to receive a worm from a mother bird. The mist swerved, and instead, entered the Sword of Luminscence. The Dracon yelled, 'Arth said the mists would enter me!' The black mist drifted over Asgaroth's body, but the Bone King did not stir from beneath his amber blanket of Guardian magic. Dakarth yelled, 'The mist isn't awakening my father. . . Arth tricked us!'"
"This fits with Rif's account," Kolram said.
"Do you remember any of this?" Wayden asked.
"Well, I was dead at the time."
"No you weren't. You were a mist."
"I don't remember a thing after being blindfolded. That period felt like a bad dream. My first memory after that was of you saying your first word- Crumb Crumb."
Wayden smiled. "I loved that Crumb Crumb."
"He was rather endearing for a stuffed monkey."
Night's voice awoke him from his reveries: "Arth, who was busy lying dead on the stone floor, had very little to say in his own defense. The black mist from Asgaroth floated in my direction. Hoping no one had seen me, I fled down the hallway. The mist followed me. I raced back to the Draconess's chamber and slammed the door shut. I thought I was safe." 
"Asgaroth's spirit was following Night?" Kolram asked, "Toward what end?"
Night continued: "The other midwife screamed at me, 'Where have you been? It's coming. And where is the water?' I didn't know how to explain what had happened. The other midwife sent a serving girl to fetch the water. The Draconess and the other mid-wife screamed and I turned to see the dark mist gathering behind me, pouring through the crack in the door."
Verica gasped.
"The mist flowed past me, hovered over newborn Jazlyn, and then plunged into her crying mouth." Night sniffled. "Some claimed the former Draconess died during the birth, but that was a lie. She arrived safely back from Raslo."
"Jazlyn's mother? She's alive?"
"On that day at least. A few days after we returned, all her regular midwives disappeared. It was because of what we witnessed. I realized they made a mistake and did away with the midwife I replaced in my stead. I shouldn't have told you this. Breathe no word. Even all these years later, if they find out you and I possess such dangerous information, we'll likely disappear ourselves."
 "Another Three Moons' Nights' is approaching next month. Do you think the Dracon will try again?" Verica asked.
"The Dracon has been sending the Fire Guard to imprison magi. That's all the clue you need."
"He's preparing to try again."
"Yes. Your scar. Would I be wrong to suggest you host a wraith?"
"How did you know?"  
 Verica hosts a wraith? Nanny had told him stories about wraiths murdering innocent townsfolk and making clothes of their skin. Cold terror rushed through Wayden's throat. He flung open the door. 
"Oh, wraithin' hell!" Verica said. "I thought you were going to the third floor." The girl was a head shorter than Wayden and stick thin. Not exactly a terrifying sight.
 "Don't move!" Wayden yelled.
 The blackness in Verica's scar swirled and sparkled. Dark material trickled from the crack in her forehead. It spread over her face, like a watercolor transforming itself into a charcoal sketch, until the girl was flesh made shadow. 
Footsteps scampered past him. The door swung open and the tray Wayden had left on the floor went flying, spilling stew across the stairwell. 
"Darius's mercy," Kolram said.
Wayden pursued her. There she was, a part of her at least. Her head and arms had reappeared as well as her legs and feet. Everything in between remained invisible, which made a bizarre sight. Wayden grabbed her hand and pulled her towards him. She fell on top of him. His head swirled and everything turned black.

Chapter 11 
 The Princess and the Mouse

If you were as old as me, you'd come to recognize the folly of mercy and the truth of bones. -Asgaroth

-<>-

The world swirled around him. The Glimpse sucked Wayden deep into Verica's mind. He . . . no she . . . felt so dizzy. It was the poppy Father had given him . . . no, not his father. . . Verica's father . . . Lord Healer Berik . . . Papa . . . had given her. It was so cold. She hurt badly. The leaves dulled the pain, but made her head fuzzy. 
She lay on a table in the lab. Why did Ko force my father to leave in such a rush that he left the lab unlocked? Why did Jazlyn dare me to go in there? The last thing she remembered was reaching for her mumbly ball underneath the table and knocking it over. The vials had shattered - the red and black viscous materials spilled - the burner fell, igniting them. Purple smoke billowed through the room while a shrill noise pierced the air. There was a tiny pop.
 Then the room exploded. She flew into something hard. 
She drifted in and out of consciousness, waking to see Papa standing over her. From this angle his nostrils appeared cavernous. Verica wanted to giggle, but her ribs hurt. Her father's assistant looked nauseous.
A voice moaned from a dark corner of the laboratory. "Release me. I can help."
"I must open the sarcophagus," Papa said.
"Is that wise, My Lord?" the acolyte asked.
"What other choice do I have?" Papa wrung his hands. "She's dying, Source save her." 
Papa started to move away, but the acolyte stopped him. "The Source has nothing to with what's in that sarcophagus."
"Stand aside."
 Papa pushed past his assistant, disappearing from Verica's line of sight. Verica tried calling him back, but her parchment-dry throat refused.
 From the distance, she heard her father ask, "You'll help save my daughter?"
"Only if you free me," the voice moaned.
 "If I do, will you promise to save her?"
 "I promise."
The acolyte muttered, "What good is the promise of a wraith?"
A wraith. Others had whispered rumors that her father worked with wraiths, but she'd always thought them liars. Until now. She shivered.
The sound of metal grinding screeched across the room. Her father reappeared with a man cast in shadows by his side. No, not cast. Composed of shadow. A wraith.
She tried to scream, but it just came out a whimper.
 "Don't worry, Little Mouse." Papa clutched her hand so tightly it hurt. "This is Lukor. He's here to help."
"Wraith . . ." The single word exhausted her.
Lukor's fingers, like shadow knives, raked her skin. Verica's scream froze in her throat.
Lukor's hands settled on her forehead. "There is your entryway. Every mortal has a different one." The dark figure turned towards Papa. "If I do this, it means I'll be bonded with your daughter until the day she dies."
Verica tried again to speak. "Wraiths . . ."
"Are not all bad, Little Mouse," Papa said. "Worry not. Father will take care of you. Lukor, is this the only option?"
"You could let her die," Lukor said. 
A monster? Inside me? She willed herself to flee the lab, but her legs remained stiff as stone.
"You would do this?" Papa asked the wraith.
 "Yes."
"How would it work?"
"We who you call wraiths can cohabit with other souls. Your Immortal, Raylar, learned the secret. He used it to obtain soul mists from people's bodies, but the practice has less aggressive uses. It can be a tool for peaceful co-existence. When I am inside her, my properties will heal her."
"Would you stay with her until she dies a natural death? Do you swear it?"
"I do."
"There's no other way?"
"None. You must decide quickly."
"Do it." Papa's eyes were red and moist. 
Lukor's hands pressed against her forehead, as if jabbing his fingers through it. Her head grew hot, followed by the sensation of a waterfall pouring into her skull. It was bearable, until the burning started. She howled in agony and slammed the back of her head against the table. 
"You're hurting her!" Papa shouted.
 "Peace, Master Berik. As a Healer you know that sometimes pain is necessary to preserve life," Lukor's voice resonated around the room. "I wove her back together. Verica? Can you hear me?" As Lukor spoke his voice switched from outside her to inside. His words sounded warmer now, no longer a cold moan. 
The Glimpse faded. Wayden felt a protruding nail from one of the stairs digging into him. He was sprawled on the staircase, head aching, mouth dry, and limbs numb. 
"Verica . . ." he said, but the shadows surrounding him did not answer.

-<>-
Jazlyn

"Night is sure of this?" Jazlyn paced the scullery, tears racing down her cheeks. 
Verica shrugged. "I told you everything, Jaz. You know as much as I do."
My mother might be alive, she thought for the thousandth time since Verica had relayed Night's information a short notch ago. I thought I had no mother, when I do. She has been imprisoned all these years while I grew up unloved.
Her scalp itched, a sign that the Immortal Asgaroth, Tearer of Bones, was preparing to speak. 
"Or she might be dead." Asgaroth's voice pealed like thunder in her head. "Your father might have killed her."
"I refuse to accept that."
"Instead you believe a girl who bears the dark mark of the wraiths."
"Will you give up trying to turn me against Verica? She's my friend."
As Jazlyn paced, she bumped a haunch of salted meat, which nudged another, creating a pendulum of swaying animal corpses. Verica perched on a barrel, feet dangling carelessly, delivering the news in a calm voice. 
Did she not care that Jazlyn's world had been turned upside down? Did she not understand how it felt that her mother might have been alive all these years, while Jazlyn grew up cared for only by an interchangeable array of nannies? All the nights she'd cried herself to sleep, wishing she had a mother, not just the cold fish of a stepmother, or her heartless father.
Ec, a Mantu chef, with bulbous golden eyes and jade skin, leaned over the caldera hearth, stirring a steaming cauldron.
	"I can't believe this," Jazlyn said, in common speech.
	"Use the Red Tongue, Jaz," Verica said, using the ancient dialect herself. 
 Normally Jazlyn loved speaking in the Red Tongue, but now she found the multisyllabic words burdensome rather than expressive. She wanted some new language where she could release fiery emotions straight from the heart.
Ec took a batch of the pastries out of the oven with a long, wooden paddle. She slid them onto a cooling rack. Verica reached for one, but Ec said, "Too hot, mistress."
 "Do you think . . ." Jazlyn said in common tongue, before remembering to switch to the Red Tongue. "Do you think my mother is still alive?"
	Verica's eyes never met Jazlyn's. Instead, she stared at the cooling pastries. "Not sure."
	Jazlyn fought an impulse to throttle her friend. "How can she be so cold? Doesn't she realize this is tearing me apart?"
	"She doesn't care about you," Asgaroth, the Immortal in her mind thought. "Why should she?" 
"You're manipulating me," Jazlyn thought. "You don't have a sword so you attack me with words." 
"I attack with the truth."
"The truth."  Jazlyn took a deep breath. "The truth is it's not her fault. The wraith part of her doesn't understand human emotions."
	"Wraiths are an enemy," Asgaroth said. "But Verica has never truly been your friend. The scar gives you a glimpse into her true self."
	 "Oh, stop it. She isn't my enemy. It's my father," Jazlyn thought. "He's the one who locked my mother away somewhere, and told everyone she was dead."
	"Your father is most of all to blame, on that we agree. Use my power. Tear the bones from his traitorous body."
	"Why is it always bones with you? You're four-thousand-years old, and all you can think of is tearing the bones from people's bodies?"
	"Enemies need to be dealt with, not coddled. If you were as old as me, you'd come to recognize the folly of mercy and the truth of bones."
	An image coalesced in Jazlyn's mind: Asgaroth holding the tip of his black sword beneath Darius Dragonking's red beard. The light of the huge green moon glinted off his blade. Normally even his great weapon was incapable of killing an Immortal, but this was a Three Moons' Night. Its magic was amplified. His blade had taken the Weaver's ear on such a night. Asgaroth hesitated. No Immortal had ever slain another. And Darius had been an ally during the First Dark War.
"I'll spare you this time, Darius, but cross me again, and I shall be less forgiving."
The memory shifted, and Jazlyn saw a beautiful blonde woman on a stone slab, her face pale and her eyes closed. Asgaroth stood by her side, clutching a silver bracelet on her wrist. "Lyssa . . . no . . . no . . ."
The image faded quickly, as if Asgaroth yanked it from her.
"I'm sorry you lost her," Jazlyn thought.
"Save your precious pity."
Verica took a pastry, blew on it, and nibbled its edges. She had a system for eating her desserts that took a long notch of the sundial. "These. . . are. . . amazing!"
Ec curtsied. "This one is glad to please, mistress."
 "Jazlyn you have to try one."
 How can she think about food at a time like this?
Through the window, the sky darkened over Deep Woods, gray clouds canopying the forest. 
Jazlyn spun on her heels, facing Verica. "I must ask you something that might put you in grave personal danger. Would you use your shadow form to find out where my father is imprisoning my mother?"
Verica frowned. "What am I? Your personal spy?"
Jazlyn ran her hand over her friend's scar. "I feel terrible for what happened to you. I wish I could go back in time and stop myself from daring you. I wish it more than anything. Can you ever forgive me?"
Verica sighed. "There's nothing to forgive, it was an accident. But Jaz, spying on the Dracon . . . that's serious business. Treason, if I'm caught. I took an impulsive chance, rushing into the lab and now look at me. I'm a monster."
"You're not!" Jazlyn said, grabbing her hand. "You're beautiful. There's no one like you in the entire world." 
"Lucky for them."
Jazlyn stroked Verica's cheek. "Lucky for you. Who else can perform such an amazing feat?"
Verica's lip twitched, not quite a smile.
Thunder rumbled outside. Jazlyn looked out the window at the gathering clouds. "It's going to be a big one."
Verica nodded, the shadows lengthening across her face. "Then we best get ready for it."
					
-<>- 
Wayden
A scream awoke Wayden and the other orphans the next morning. Rif's scream. Wayden remembered Big Darius had awoken Rif before sunrise and told him Rory needed him and Big Darius for something. That might not have been that long ago, it was just dawn now. Rif was yelling, "H-h-help! Help! He's dead!" 
Wayden and the other orphans raced down the stairs, wondering who was dead. When he got to the main room, the front door was wide open. A cool breeze blew in. The orphans gathered outside in the yard. He approached the Dariuses, trying to see what they had encircled, but he couldn't get through. A sense of frightened excitement electrified the air.
Frog-faced Darius turned to Wayden, his face pale and shaken. When Handsome moved, Wayden caught a glimpse of Big Darius lying prone.
"Is he-"
 "Dead," Frog-faced Darius whispered, "Rif found him."
"Did Rif see what had happened?"
"He says he didn't. He said he was working with Big D, and then it was like something hit his head. He blacked out for a moment and when he awoke, Big D was dead."
Blacked out. Had Rif done it? Maybe Arth had taken over his mind. Oh Source no, this was bad.
Rif leaned over the body, crying, pumping at Big Darius's chest. 
Blond Darius shook his head. "It ain't no good, Rif."
Handsome Darius turned to Wayden. "Rif might have done it. You saw what he did to the scagazi. Big Darius and Rory were right about him. We should have turned him over to the Guard."
"And me?" Wayden hissed. "You'll turn me over too?"
Handsome hesitated. "Well, you didn't murder anyone." 
Cursed Darius grunted. "Yet."
Wayden's mind whirred. Big Darius had become involved delivering messages for Gior, the man who sucked souls in alleyways for money. Gior seemed much more the murdering type than Rif.
"I don't think Rif did it," Wayden said, "and I think I can find out who did."
Then Crag raced down the stairs and stared at Big Darius. "Oh Balwart claws, this is going to be trouble." He glared at the orphans. "No one breathes a word about this until I say so, or this morning's breakfast will be your last. Who found the body?"
"Rif did," Handsome Darius said.
"Rif. Come with me."
Wayden headed to the alley. He hid behind kegs and waited, crouching in the shadows. Water dripped from a gutter, pooling between the cracked cobblestones. He waited, watching the sun rise higher in the sky. 
 "Gior's a dangerous man," Kolram said.
"I can slip away if needed." 
The barrels were positioned near the crack between two buildings. Viper-Tattoo was too big to fit through it, but Wayden could.
While he waited, his legs cramped. Finally footsteps and voices drew nearer. Wayden peeked through a crack between the barrels. Gior and Viper-Tattoo arrived. The acolyte who paid for soul-stealing slunk alongside. His face was pale. Wayden held his breath, not daring to make any noise. 
The acolyte handed Gior a single silver coin.
"One silver? Where's the rest?" Gior asked.
"I don't have it," the acolyte said. "Please. I need it."
"One coin, will buy you one pull." Gior gestured with his hands and chanted: "Pull the mist for our young friend, one silver, one pull, and now it ends."
"I'm better at rhymes than that," Wayden thought.
"It is times like this I miss having my own eyes, so I could roll them," Kolram said.
The acolyte's soul mist emerged from his lips. He purred in delight, "Yes! Yes!" Then Gior let his soul mist slide back into his mouth and the acolyte's face fell. "A little more, please. Just a little more."
"Come back with more coin and I'll oblige," Gior said. "Now get."
"But?
	Viper-Tattoo towered over the acolyte menacingly. The acolyte scurried off.
Could Big Darius have witnessed something like this and tried to blackmail the acolyte? Then the acolyte, already broke and desperate for money, might have killed Big Darius to silence him. 
"But there was no mark on Big D's body," Kolram pointed out. "It had to be a Soul-stealer."
 That really only left two soul-stealers: Rif and Gior. Three if you wanted to count the Dracon. 
The big man stared in Wayden's direction. 
"Does he see me?" Wayden asked.
"Time to get out of here," Kolram said.
Wayden moved towards the gap between the two buildings, but too late. Viper-Tattoo's big hands squeezed him in his iron grip.

Chapter 12   							
The Fragility of Life

						 
	That's what patience is. Waiting past the point of tiredness. -Jijari

   						   -<>-
Jazlyn
Jazlyn's footsteps echoed off the basalt walls of the Red Palace as she strode down the corridor thinking: "My mother might be alive. She might be alive."
 "Or she might not be," Asgaroth pointed out, his voice cold as the stone walls of the volcanic fortress she walked through. 
Her new body guard, a towering Ozac named Org, escorted her. Verica had nicknamed him the Gray Shadow because he never talked. At seven feet tall, Org had to duck beneath the oil lamps dangling from copper chains.
Org had been only guarding her for the last two months. Jazlyn missed her old Nanny as her escort. True, she had fussed at her for skipping and considered anything fun unladylike, but at least she talked. Her constant banter drove Asgaroth away. Org was as silent as he was stupid. She had selected him for that very reason, but now it just annoyed her.
Jazlyn passed the jewelry shop without a second look which caused Org to raise an eyebrow. 
Jazlyn changed her opinion about Org. He was way too communicative. "Silence!" she commanded the eyebrow.
	Org lowered it. 
	"I'll thank you to keep it lowered!" Jazlyn straightened her dress and raised her pointed chin before continuing her brisk pace. "There are more important things to life then dress shopping and broaches, you know! Now I command you to say no more unless requested."
Org kept his eyebrow silent.
	She bee-lined for the archives, determined to find the truth even if it killed her. Which it might. Her father probably wouldn't hesitate to add daughter-slaying to his list of sins. Especially seeing as he treated Jazlyn like an anathema.
They passed one of the few windows in the Red Palace. Holes had been dug into the exterior wall by Doblin, the Digger Mage, and mullioned glass fixed in the expanse. Jazlyn had been talking to perfectly-healthy Doblin one day and had been shocked when the next he'd been placed under quarantine having fallen victim to a highly contagious plague. He'd been like a kindly uncle to her giving her treats and telling her jokes. He did funny tricks with his fingers pretending to remove them. And now he had the plague. Sad. How quickly one's health could transform: the fragility of life.
 Some children who'd been staring out the window, scurried away at her and Org's approach. She allowed herself to pause briefly to stare out at the majestic view. 
Devil's Valley stretched in a wide expanse below. A stream of molten lava crept down the mountainous sides of the Red Palace, oozing into Cooks Lake. Where the fiery fingers of magma touched the water, spouts of steam rocketed upwards from the mist.
A crow flew past the window, hovering, as if watching Jazlyn. Something about the dark bird brought back one of Asgaroth's memories: Dakarth and Asgaroth had just finished their game when Karsgoth asked him to come look at the prophecy he had painted.
Asgaroth stepped warily towards his son Karsgoth's painting. The crow flew onto Asgaroth's shoulder. He shooed the wretched bird away. He wasn't a man who was unsettled easily, but these prophecies had unnerved him. Would it show him being trapped again? Indeed, the watercolor showed amber Guardian snakes surrounding a skeleton with a crown. It was the same theme as the last three of his prophecies. Asgaroth kicked the easel over, sending the water colors dripping across the floor. "The wraiths take Centuron! The same prophecy again. We killed more than half the Guardians and still we see it."
"Wiping out half the Guardians just made the other half angrier and more likely to fulfill the prophecy," Dakarth said. "Prophecies are as slippery as snakes. Your attempt to avoid them is what traps you in the end." 
"Curse of the Wraith! Is there nothing we can do to escape this? Am I doomed to be entombed in Guardian magic?" Asgaroth asked.
The crow landed back on Karsgoth's shoulder. He fed the bird a piece of corn as he spoke: "What cannot be eluded must be embraced. It is this second portrait that I wanted you to see."
Karsgoth's second picture displayed the huge green moon of a Three Moons' Night. The light from the emerald orb formed into the shape of a key. Karsgoth and Dakarth were pulling Asgaroth out from a pool of amber snakes. All around them were men, bleeding through woolen robes. 
Karsgoth fed his crow a piece of corn. "It appears that Dakarth and I shall find a way to free you."
"But when? How?" Asgaroth asked. "Who are these wounded men? Guardians? Why are some of them missing fingers?"
He did not like the feeling of not knowing, not being in control. His own prophecy powers were minimal, and he felt as vulnerable as a blind man dancing on a cliff's edge.
Karsgoth shook his head. "As to that, I have no answers."
The memory faded. Jazlyn moved away from the window, musing on what she'd seen. Dakarth, son of Asgaroth had been king of Raslo for the last two thousand years, with the exception of during the Thornbird Rebellions. He was still alive and ruled Raslo with an iron fist. As for his brother Karsgoth he had disappeared on an expedition to the Kaldian Isles and was presumed dead. The brothers plan to free their father seemed to have never transpired.
"Yet," Asgaroth said.
 "How?"
"I do not know." Asgaroth sounded as frustrated as Jazlyn herself was.
The corridors circled deeper into the heart of the castle. Glower-Stones, iridescent gems set in the ceiling at regular intervals, lit the corridors. The Glower Magi who were in charge of the stones had also been confined to the Plague room and the Glower Stones were starting to grow dim. It seemed the magi were the only ones catching the plague. Perhaps the practice of magic made them more susceptible for some reason. She wondered if Healer Berik had considered that. She'd make mention of it next time she saw him.
She passed the guarded entrance to the Court of Flames, where Volkanus the Fourteenth slumbered. The dragon's deep snores echoed off the walls. Up ahead, the book-shaped door to the archives loomed.
	Though she sought the archives, the information she needed wasn't held in the leather bound tomes. It rested inside the mind of Gol, librarian and close friend of Jazlyn's mother. Perhaps Gol had some information that would help Jazlyn find her mother's whereabouts. 
	A heavy-set Flicker, standing guard over the archives, fell to one knee. "May the Flame light your way, Daughter Draconi." 
Jazlyn, not bothering to respond to the guard with the proper ritualistic nonsense, ordered Org to wait.
	 The door to the archives was designed like a giant book cover. Jazlyn put her fingers at the edge of the cover, and flipped it open. Instead of a squeak, the door emitted the fluttering sound of turned pages.
	The crowded stone chamber, beyond the door, overflowed with rolled scrolls, leather-bound manuscripts, and clay tablets. Several acolytes, in their maroon robes, sat copying scrolls under the guidance of Fire-whisperer Ko.
 Ko's tall, lean figure rose as the Daughter Draconi entered, his silver veil swaying on his face. On his sloped forehead was the circular burn mark of the Purist. He glared at Jazlyn with icy blue eyes flecked with gray. "Daughter Draconi. May your Ember burn bright on the darkest of nights. What are you doing here?"
"I do not answer to you, Lord Ko, and you may address me as Your Majesty."
"Of course, Your Majesty," Ko said the words with malice.
Jazlyn had never liked Ko. He was one of the Purists who preached Verica should be put to death, and non-humans should be exiled or enslaved.
	Gol emerged from a side door, her silver hair pulled back into a bun. Beneath the twinkle of her spectacled green eyes seemed to lay a sea of sadness. "Daughter Draconi! What a pleasant surprise. You've grown so much. You look more like your mother every day."
	"It is she I wish to speak to you about, Mistress Gol. Is there a place we could speak privately?"
	Gol led Jazlyn back through her office door, the book cover closing behind her. The archivist's alcove held a cluttered writing desk, glowing candles, a lava hearth, and a small round table. They sat on stools with oak legs shaped like dragon tails. The librarian poured tea and offered Jazlyn a porcelain cup bearing enameled flames.
My mother has been in prison all these years, she thought for the thousandth time. While I've been crying myself to sleep thinking her dead, she is alive.
"Or she might not be," Asgaroth said. "You must face the likelihood that your father had her executed." 
"I won't accept that."
"Then you're weak. You deny hard truths."
The skin on the back of Jazlyn's neck prickled. "That's not a hard truth! It's a cruel supposition."
"You know your father. Is he one to let emotions betray his ambitions?"
Jazlyn's hands trembled and tea sloshed onto her gown, turning the fabric a darker shade of red.
"Your Majesty, are you alright?" Gol dried Jazlyn with a rag. "Oh, your poor dress. What ails, my princess? You shake like a leaf in the wind." 
Jazlyn took a breath before continue, in a whisper, conscious of Ko just a room over. "Do you know what happened to my mother after my birth?"
Gol draped the damp rag on an edge of the red-glowing hearth. "Your Highness knows very well your mother died during your birth." 
"Did you see my mother's body?" 
"Of course. We all did." Gol took Jazlyn's hand in her own and squeezed. "There was a funeral. Her wrapped remains were burned in the caldera in the Court of Flames itself."
Jazlyn clenched her cup so tightly it nearly shattered. "Wrapped remains. So, you do not know it was her?"
Gol blew a breath across the surface of her tea. Steam rose from it like the surface of Cook's Lake. "What else could it have been?"
"Why anything, if it was wrapped. Let's assume for a moment that my mother wasn't killed. Where would they have locked her away? So she would tell no tales?"
There were too many options. She needed more information.
Gol's face paled. "The act you suggest is horrendous. I'll hear no more of it."
"Do you put it past my father?"
Gol's eye closed and she let out a sigh. "No. I don't."
"Then help me, for the Love of Darius," Jazlyn pleaded. "For the love you had for my mother, help right this wrong."
 Gol sat her tea down without taking a sip. The steam rose like ghosts from the surface of her tea. She placed the cup down and stepped towards the door. She cracked it open and peeked out. Closing the door, she kept her voice soft, "There is a man who might be of help. An Ember . . . or maybe he's a Flame now if he's been promoted. Haldur. He's the officer in charge of records. He can help you for a coin. But this is not a path I recommend. Give up this foolish inquiry. It will only lead to trouble. Of course, I know good advice will fall on deaf ears."
"Thank you, Mistress." Jazlyn squeezed Gol's bony arm.
"Before you go, there is something you should have." Gol opened a drawer and withdrew a necklace. Candlelight splintered off a clear crystal that hung from its golden thread. All the light of the world seemed to dance in the stone's heart.
"This necklace belonged to your mother. I admired it and she gave it to me as a gift. I've been meaning to give it to you." Gol placed it around Jazlyn's neck. "I'm dreadfully afraid for you. Do be careful. Delicate things can be so easily broken."	
					
					    -<>- 

Viper-Tattoo's grip held Wayden's robed arm tight. The ruffian's breath stunk of a concoction of sardines, onion, tobacco, and salt-whiskey. Saliva flecked his cracked lips and his bloodshot eyes bulged. Wayden wondered fleetingly if part of his pay was engaging in Gior's magical narcotics.
Gior approached Wayden. The mole loomed amazingly large, like a grape was growing from his nose. And so much hair sprung from the black monstrosity, would Gior have to comb the beast? 
 "You really know how to focus on the least important things, don't you?" Kolram remonstrated.
"Distracting myself from horrific and deadly situations in which I find myself has become something of an art form for me."
Gior's breath smelled like he'd gargled perfume. "Who you spying for? And don't tell me you were just sun bathing behind the barrels."
"I want to know what happened to Big D," Wayden demanded, trying to sound brave, but his voice betrayed by rising an octave.
"You are in no position to demand information. Tell me, why shouldn't I slit your throat?"
A fair question, if not a kind one. The bloodstains might be difficult to scrub out of Gior's fine robes? Wayden desperately tried to think of something, when he realized he was tired of being afraid. Tired of being bossed around by people like Gior. Wayden narrowed his eyes at Gior and this time his voice did not tremble. 
"Because Dracon and Dakarth kicked you out of their school of soul-stealing. You want revenge on them. I know what they are up to." 
Gior's eyes widened. "How did you know that?"
"Arth told me."
"Arth is dead."
"That doesn't stop people as much as it used to."
Gior screwed up his lips and thought for a moment before asking, "Are you a Death-Speech?"
"Fair trade. Information for information."
Gior laughed, looking up at Viper-Tattoo. "I like this boy."
A rat scurried from the alley, seeking refuge behind one of the casks. A hammering sound from a nearby cooper's shop resonated against the brick walls.
"Swear on the Source, you'll let me go once we share truths," Wayden demanded.
"First prove to me you possess knowledge worth trading."
"Very well. How about this. Your former school chums, Dakarth and the Dracon, are going to try the Soul-stealing magic again on the next Three Moons' Night. "
 "How did you know that?"
"Is that one of your questions? No more free ones for you."
Gior stood in silence for a moment, and then smiled, his lips as thin as a crescent moon. "Fine. If you tell me valuable information, I'll let you go unscathed and what I tell you will be true, may the wraiths steal my soul if I lie. You need to swear as well."
Wayden hesitated. A wraith oath would be binding.
"I too will tell the truth, may the Source strike me down if I lie. Are you responsible for Big D's death?"
"No. How are Dakarth and the Dracon going to do this?" Gior asked. "They failed last time."
"Another Three Moons' Night is coming. I believe they've been gathering more information and feel they can achieve their goal this time. Is Arth a murderer?"
"No."
"How can you be sure?"
"Arth was squeamish," Gior said. "He didn't like killing unless necessary. How could you talk to Arth?" 
"Arth's soul, after being sucked, found a host. What did you have Big D delivering?"
"Information to a Sky Raider lady who is paying me handsomely for it," Gior said. "Who is Arth's host?"
"I won't tell you that. You might hurt him."
"Then you lose." Gior pressed the tip of his blade against Wayden's jugular.
 It felt like a claw digging into his Adam's apple. "Wait, I can tell you something else instead. Something you'll find important."
"Which is . . . ?"
What else do I know that could interest Gior without endangering Rif or me? Something about Verica? Then what if Gior or his thugs did something to her? She wasn't much more protected than Wayden was. Gior looked like he was losing patience. He needed to say something about someone. Jazlyn had that entourage of guards. "Jazlyn hosts Asgaroth."
"The Daughter Draconi?" Gior whistled. "Glad I didn't kill you. That's a valuable tidbit."
Valuable to whom? He said he was giving information to a Sky Raider woman. Why would the Sky Raiders care? A tingling like mice building a nest in his spine caused him to shiver.
"Alright, boy, get lost," Gior said. As soon as Viper-Tattoo released Wayden, he raced out of the alley. Once behind the gate, his shoulder's slumped. Gior had won the exchange. His insides felt watery. Had he placed Jazlyn in danger? What have I done?

-<>-
						Mavik
Mavik trudged towards the sled, arms stiff as the firewood he cradled in his nine fingers. The sled, already heavily laden, sank further into the snow with Mavik's addition. He wished Emerelda had been assigned to go with him, or he to be in her crew. For some reason it felt worse to be lonely now than when there was no one around that he truly hoped to spend time with.
"You think too much on sin," Jijari thought. "You will drown in it."
"This whole place is drowning in sin and none of it has anything to do with Emerelda and me."
A shadow enveloped him. Above him, he saw Desha's black skywolf spiraling downwards, wings extended. The wolf folded in its wing as it landed. Melting snowflakes glistened on black feathered wings and furred body, and mixed in with the white and black were large patches of gray. The wolf looked more its age with each passing year, as did its rider. More silver than purple streaked Desha's ponytail. His eyes were unchanged, as cruel as the day he shot Mavik's mother. Desha's dried-finger necklace jiggled as the wolf stretched. Which finger belonged to which slave was a puzzle best left unsolved. 
Desha, with a pat on the saddle, motioned Mavik atop the skywolf. "The Lord Skymaster wants a word." 
Knowing better than to argue, he clambered onto the front part of the saddle. Desha tightened leather straps around Mavik's legs and tied his wrists behind his back. The wolf launched itself into the air, shot like an arrow from a bow, flying in an arc up the steep incline of Mount Odesis. 
The air grew thinner, as they ascended, and ragged clouds of cold escaped Mavik's lips. The ground spun dizzily beneath him. In the last seven years Mavik had not been seen the Skymaster himself once. And now Gar wants me.
The slave camp shrank, patched tents no more than tiny squares of tan from the dizzying altitude, as they ascended in a steep spiral. The ramparts were manned with Skytowers. A guard wearing black fur over leather armor nodded at Desha, signaling him permission to pass. To those who knew no better, the Nest resembled nothing more than a mountain ringed with a wall. The rock was pierced with tunnels and corridors. What looked at first like a boulder with a crack in it, swung open, revealing an iron skygate. A blond skyraider on a marmalade colored skywolf launched, waving at Desha as he flew past. The gate closed behind the Sky Raider. Desha guided his skywolf towards the summit.
The tip of Beacon's fiery hands swayed in the wind. Desha's black skywolf glided to a landing near the fire. The flames licked the air. Its heat felt blessedly good. 
Gar was perhaps the only despot to have his throne placed on a frozen mountaintop. The firewood Mavik and the other slaves gathered kept him warm. Anger broiled inside Mavik. The Skymaster didn't deserve to have firewood. He deserved to be firewood.
Desha leapt nimbly off the wolf and jerked Mavik down in front of Gar's gilded eagle throne. The bonfire-melted snow soaked through the knees of Mavik's crudely patched leggings.
The Skymaster's family perched on golden bird-shaped thrones. Gar sat in the center throne. The gilded chair was carved into the likeness of an eagle. A vulture would have been more apt.
 Gar's leather clad arms rested on gilded wings. Snowfall dotted his shaven head. Around his tree trunk of a neck, he wore a pearl necklace and on his wrist a golden armband set with the emblem of a leaf. Why a leaf? Gar was hardly a follower of Bantos's Way of the Trees.
"Those armbands are of fine make. I suspect they are Source-forged," Jijari said, "perhaps even God-weapons." 
A scar stretched from Gar's jaw to his missing eye. That wound was from one of a dozen occasions Gar had miraculously escaped death. Some claimed he was an Immortal. Jijari suspected he might have practiced Invulnerability magic, a type of magic that was all but lost. Mavik had heard about some fighters who fought in the Tulkarian Blood Games who practiced it. It was said they were undefeatable.
 The Skymaster drew a whet stone from his cloak, and began sharpening his dagger. The blue blade glistened like an icicle. 
The owl throne belonged to Gar's newest Sky Wife, Yveka, daughter of the Wolf. Yveka drew one of the half dozen blades she wore in her shoulder belt. Her face seemed as jagged as the wood she whittled, all sharp angles and planes. As she moved, her blue hair swung, unveiling an ugly purple bruise beneath her left eye. The expression 'as cursed as a Sky Wife' had sprung up because misfortune always befell Gar's brides. Some were exiled, a few were confined to the slave camp, but most were sent flying off the mountain without a wolf.
"Maybe I could leap at Gar," Mavik thought, "Knock him into the fire."
"You would give up your life," Jijari said.
"Might be worth it."
"Your life is not yours to give away, Child. The Source has plans for you. Patience."
"I'm tired of patience."
"That's what patience is. Waiting past the point of tiredness."
The hawk throne belonged to Alaina Skydaughter, a half-Mantu. Her face was a light shade of jade and her eyes a dazzling gold. She was garbed in thick black moleskin fur over a leather jerkin. Her red hair, streaked with green, hung in a sleek ponytail. 
An invisible web, similar to the one he felt towards Wayden and Emerelda, was strung between himself and Alaina. There was no mistaking Zaburn's Connection Spell.
"The next time you complain how useless my visions are remember this," Jijari said. "The Connection would never have been cast if I had not urged Zaburn too."
"Does she bear a Grandmaster inside of her?" Mavik wondered. "Zaburn? Arth? Nadra? What irony, a Grandmaster ending up in the Skydaughter." 
"Three of us Grandmasters ended up here," Jijari said, "That seems beyond coincidence."
 Alaina stared at Mavik with a wrinkled brow and pursed lips. He could see it in her widened golden eyes- she felt the Connection as well. If only he could speak with her alone. 
A blank canvas set on an easel swayed against its tethers, straining to hold ground against the mountain wind. They'd taken his left pinky and his right hand was still more the capable of wielding a brush. Mavik had to stifle a laugh when he saw Gar hadn't provided watercolors. Oil paints wouldn't work with Splasher magic. The Skymaster might have been a powerful Beast Tongue, but he didn't know the first thing about water prophecy. For one thing, they required water! The most basic of liquids bound all living things and channeled the Source. Perhaps I can find a way to turn Gar's misunderstanding to my advantage.
"Paint me a prophecy, boy," Gar said. "I want to know my future."
 "Why don't you get Laeko to make you another prophecy?" Yveka said, her words spoken in mocking forgetfulness. "Oh, I remember, now. You hated her last one. Why do you think this boy's prophecy will be any better? The future is the future."
What had Gar had done with Laeko? He had to think of what to paint, but his mind was as blank as the canvas before him. Mavik stared down at the slave camp, shrunken by the elevation. It was harder to breathe up here, and not just because of the height. Sky Raiders were all around him. There was no making a run for it. This was the wrong time to suffer a creative block.
Gar glared at her. "Lock your lips, woman. Did I ask you to speak?" 
Alaina climbed off her throne and stepped towards Mavik, squinting at him with dazzling golden eyes. She asked Gar: "Do you feel something strange about this boy? Like a pull in your chest?" A savage blast of wind sent her green hair billowing and momentarily turned the Beacon's smoke towards Mavik. He squinted and choked on ash, but then mercifully the wind shifted again.
"I feel nothing. Go and see the Shaman if you are ill."
"I'm fine."
"I said 'go!'" Gar turned to Yveka. "Cursed girl grows more like you every day. Maybe I should blacken her eyes as well."
"Maybe you should open your own," Yveka shot back.
Gar laughed, a smile tugging on his snaky lips. He genuinely likes her feistiness. Could that be the hole in the tyrant's armor? Could this Yveka become an ally?
"Good," Jijari said. "Cling to hope. Keep searching for a way out. Trust in the Source."
"Hope is a bastard who's let me down to many times," Mavik thought.
Alaina stood, her jaw quivering, and headed towards a stone rampart. She dug her fingers into a groove in the stone and a hidden door slid open with a grinding sound. Mavik studied it for a hint of how to find others of the Weaver's camouflaged doors.
According to some of the slave magi, the Nest used to be the Weaver's fortress. She'd dug tunnels inside of the mountain itself. Beneath the ground, wove the tunnels of the Woven Ones, a secret underground world. If the stories were true and the tunnels existed, no slave ever found them, and not for lack of looking. Every rock in the slave camp had been well worn from prodding. 
Alaina gave Mavik one last scrutinizing glance, before disappearing into the door. When it closed behind her, leaving no trace of it being anything but solid rock. 
Gar examined the edge of his knife. "Is that painting done yet? I brought you up here to paint, not gawk. Hurry up, unless you want to go flying without a wolf."
Mavik stared down the steep, icy cliff, and the shriveled slave camp below. The slave's fires were tiny orange dots, the tents the size of his missing pinky. It was such a long way to fall.

Chapter 13 
The Seventh of Never

You don't spit in the face of power without the wind blowing it back. -Nadra

						-<>- 
					
Wayden returned through the orphanage yard still replaying his conversation with Gior in his mind. He shouldn't have named the Daughter Draconi. He should have said something else, or even risked a wraith curse with a lie. Jazlyn could be killed and it would be his fault. 
Wayden kicked a stone. "I might have a bigger mouth than you, Kolram."
"Impossible. My mouth is the size of the Tulkarian Canyons."
"Even your jokes won't cheer me up, if I got my one true love killed."
"Your one true love. What was that she asked of you again- to withhold your courtesies until the seventh of never?"
"Have you checked the calendar? That day has finally arrived."
Wayden passed Rory and Crag who were sitting on a bench supervising several of the older Dariuses digging Big D's grave. 
"We have to tell the Fire Guard." Rory never quite mastered the art of whispering while conversely Wayden was finding numerous opportunities to hone his eavesdropping skills. 
"Bah, the Fire guard," Crag spat a wad of foul-smelling sour chew into the dirt. "Every time they come here 'to help' they leave with a pocket full of my coins." 
"But the Tulkarian- he is a murderer and an unauthorized mage." 
"Pish Posh balwart claws! How could that little boy have murdered Big D?"
"With magic, like he did on them scagazi."
"Rory, children can't use magic. The youngest known mage was thirty years of age. It takes decades to learn magic. Big D- well he never was healthy. He was susceptible is all. Got the Tulkarian Flu or maybe a wraith curse."
"What if Rif gives the Tulkarian Flu to the rest of us?"
"If we were going to get it we would have gotten it by now and callin' the Fireguard or the seven sons of Borleat for that matter wouldn't make a difference. I'm sorry for Big D, I liked the boy, but he's beyond our help now."
Wayden hurried into the main room. Too-tall was clearing dishes.
"Have you seen Rif?" 
"He's delivering Night's stew."
Wayden hurried up the stairwell. He passed Cook who jumped.
"Have you noticed you haven't received a single piece of burnt toast since becoming a suspected dark mage?" Kolram said.
Wayden smiled. When he reached the fifth floor landing he heard muffled voices. He decided to press his ear against the grain of the door.
"You will be at the center of the juncture," Night said. "I've seen it."
"H-h-how?" Rif asked.
"I see you and the Dracon. Blood flowing red. You battle friends and enemies. I see you serving my Queen. The shadows parade. Magi fall from the sky. The boy with the half-skull face, he made the statues. You blow the life into their mouths . . . wait, I hear someone on the stairwell."
Wayden rushed down the stairs, uncertain if he was fleeing from friends or foes, or if such simple labels even applied anymore.

<>

Mavik touched his brush lightly to the canvas, still desperate for ideas of what to paint. Gar on top of the Beacon? No, Gar, already owned the Beacon. He'd want to see some grand vision of his future- but what? He searched the skyline, desperate for inspiration.
To the south, far in the distance, gleamed the southern wall of the world. Instead of flame, this was a wall of glittering ice, stretching endlessly into the air. Once, while gathering firewood, Desha had brought them within a few feet of the wall. Too frosted and thick to see through, the wall exuded no cold, cast no shadow. Mavik had touched it with a stick, and its tip froze and then shattered into a thousand pieces. 
Should he paint Gar breaking a hole through the wall? No, even Gar would doubt himself capable of that feat. To the east, loomed the tall, twisted spires of the Bone Palace where Dakarth sat on his throne. Gar on the Raslonian Throne of Bone? Outside of the Thornbird rebellions, Dakarth had been dictator for the last two thousand years.
To the north, Temple Dark Fist burst through the ice, a stone fist raised in defiance against the sky. Surrounding the temple were four large black boulders, each a different shape: the Anvil, the Moon, the Maiden, and the Skull. Beyond that, far in the distance, lay Deep Woods, the border between Raslonia and Helos. 
If he painted Gar in the Red Palace, the Skymaster would take that as an omen and invade Mavik's homeland. He needed to paint something, but fear robbed him of creativity, and his mind and canvas were both as blank as the endless plains of ice that stretched to the east and west. 
An amber skywolf landed on the Beacon. Mavik didn't recognize the tall brunette riding it. The woman kneeled before Gar. "The Sky is the Master."
"Stand," Gar commanded. "Does the Dracon plan to betray me?"
"Yes."
Yveka shook her whittled wood at Gar. "I warned you." 
"Silence, wife." Gar stood and paced towards the Beacon, so close that for a moment it looked to Mavik like he would step into the flames. All eyes were on the Skymaster and the only noise was the wind flapping against Mavik's canvas. After a moment, Gar turned back to his informant. 
"Can we trust Crow?"
"Trust no one, but other contacts are of the same opinion." 
"Politics!" Gar threw his hands upwards. Desha's wolf, still tethered to a nearby post, howled. "Give me a sword over a parchment any day. What's the Dracon's plan?"
"On the Three Moons' Night, he'll have his soldiers seize you, and you're to be sacrificed with the other magi. The Dracon will soul-steal your powers along with the rest."
Gar's face paled. "I'll have to talk to Dakarth about this."
Yveka looked up from her whittling. Her wooden statuette had taken the shape of a wolf woman. "You trust the son of the Bone King?"
Gar snarled at Yveka. "You think you are so wise, woman. I have sources in Raslo. Dakarth wants to free his father, plain and simple. He believes once Asgaroth has risen, the rest will follow."
"Dakarth is right. The rest will follow." Yveka's hair swung to the side revealing her swollen eye. The bruise was like a purple leaf, and beneath it were glimmering brown eyes, which darted from side to side. "Asgaroth will be unstoppable. It will be you and me down in the slave camps, while Asgaroth rules, or perhaps he'll use our bones for his next temple."
"Let him try." Gar lifted his curved dirk, as pale blue as the Beacon's inner most flames. "These Immortals are no stronger than me. I'm a better Beast Tongue than the Dragonking ever was."
"You're not invulnerable."
Gar fingered his armband. "You'd be surprised."
"You can't control Volkanus. You're no Dragonking or Borleat."
Gar leapt from his chair and put the tip of his knife against Yveka's neck. "Why do you try me, wench?"
Yveka furrowed her brow. "Put that knife away before I put your last eye out with it."
Gar's knife glittered in the Beacon's light. Then Gar sheathed the blade with a laugh. "May the Gods help me, I like this woman. Go into the Nest and stop causing trouble before I mistake you for a piece of kindling and feed you to the Beacon."
"You have to be careful of fire, my husband. You might get burned," Yveka said before disappearing into the doorway to the Nest. Gar took a step towards Mavik. Mavik's chest constricted. The canvas was blank, save a few dabs of blue. But then Gar reversed course, and paced back towards his informant.
"What else?"
"It's possible the Daughter Draconi may host Asgaroth."
"Interesting. Perhaps she is the answer to my problem."
"One last thing. A white female dragon was sighted near the Wall of Flames."
In a flash, Mavik knew what he must paint. He plunged his paintbrush into the pallet.
"A female dragon?" The excitement in Gar's voice was palpable. Mavik could understand why. The last known dragon clutch hatched almost fifty years ago and most of those had died in their youth. "What was that Yveka was saying? I'm no Dragonking. We shall see. Is the dragon large?"
"She's no Volkanus. A mere thrice the size of your skywolf. Definitely a she though, with that a cat-like face."
"Still." Gar rubbed his hands and held them to the fire. "A dragon is a dragon."
Mavik examined the pallet trying desperately to remember what he knew about female dragon anatomy. Male dragon's faces tended to be more horse-like and females more catlike. Before Kelsen had kept rats, he had kept dragoncats, a male and a female. Mavik still remembered their features vaguely. It would have to do. 
"Excellent. There is a possibility of her laying a clutch of dragon eggs for me. Where do they think she came from?"
"Some say she flew through the Wall of Fire."
Gar laughed. "Everyone knows the Walls are the edges of the world."
 "Others say it must have been an unhatched egg. Those clutches can be underground a long time before they hatch. No real way of knowing."
 "I see. Well done. You must be tired after your journey. Skarak, take her down to the scullery. See she is treated well."
Skarak pumped his fist. "The Sky is the Master."
Gar nodded. "Dismissed."
 The huge Ozac touched the groove of stone, opening the trapdoor, and descended down a long stairwell. The spy trailed behind him.
Gar glanced at Mavik. "Boy, how comes my prophecy? Done yet?"
Mavik stared at the image he'd created. He'd more practice with watercolors, and this painting looked a bit clumsy to him. Still, the portrait was clear enough, Gar on the back of a white dragon, sword raised, like the Dragonking himself. Mavik just hoped it wouldn't become true.
Gar admired Mavik's painting with a smug smile.
Without quite knowing why, Mavik tipped the remaining paint onto the Beacon-melted snow by his feet. The oil paints swirled into the pool of melted slush. A beam of sunlight shone on it, and an image formed so clear to Mavik, though no one else seemed to see it. A blonde held an amber snake against an Anvil and a door appeared. One of the Weaver's doorways.
Mavik had painted a prophecy all right, but it wasn't of Gar's glories. It was his escape route.
	
-<>-
Alaina

Alaina, daughter of Gar Skymaster, heir to the eagle throne, petted her skywolf's thick red fur. Red Paw licked the tears from her cheeks, but even the elixir of wolf slobber couldn't cheer her up on this darkest of days. 
"Poor Laeko," Alaina thought, "She was like a mother to me."
"And you let them take her," Grandmistress Nadra, Fire-Whisperer, spoke from inside Alaina's mind, her voice filled with more venom than an ice adder.
Alaina ignored the bitter old witch and brushed old feathers off Red Paw's wings, uncovering a layer of new red feathers springing up beneath the old gray blanket. The feathers stuck to Alaina's fingers. The Sky Wolf let out an annoyed growl.
"Don't be a baby," Alaina said, rubbing her furry head. She looked around to make sure no one had heard her. Sky Raiders considered it unseemly to treat your skywolf like a friend, as the dirt-dwellers treated their pets. Not that she'd any friends left to lose. The other young Sky Raiders seemed afraid to talk to the Skydaughter, after what her father did to that Ozac boy who called her lime-skin. She could still hear his screams in her nightmares.
Only Laeko, the former librarian, had understood Alaina's love for Red Paw. She'd told Alaina on more than one occasion, 'In the olden days, the wolves were considered a rider's soul. If a skywolf died, the owner would mourn for a year, until they were given a new wolf, and therefore a new soul. For that year they would be the Shunned, and none would talk with the soulless for fear of losing their own soul.'
Poor Laeko, she thought again. Father, why did you have to toss the Weaver's statue off of the Nest? Laeko, why did you have to denounce him?
A few days ago, Laeko had shouted, 'Gar, you think yourself a god, but you are just a vain fool. You are nothing and your legacy will be dust.'
 Gar had laughed. 'I should have sent you down to the slave camps when you made that false prophecy about me. Me killed by fire. I don't die so easily. I was going to send you down to the slave camp soon, anyway. The Dracon will pay nicely for a prophet. The fool doesn't know false prophets from real ones.'
The memory of Laeko being dragged to the camps haunted Alaina's dreams. She hadn't slept more than a few hours since Laeko's enslavement.
"Your father thinks he is the Dragonking reborn, but he's nothing more than a barbarian," Nadra said, "Your whole tribe is nothing but a gaggle of thugs, thieves, and pretenders. Your father surrounds himself with wealth, but never class." 
Alaina wished she could tell Nadra she was being unfair, but her father, despite his wealth, was neither gentle nor refined the way characters were in the Book of Princes or the other stories she loved from the Golden Age of Literature. Gar had all the external trappings: paintings, silks, wines, sculptures, but you could throw a dress on an Ozac and it would not make him the queen of the fairies.
Where to go? The smell of the kennel was making her nauseous. The Temple now displayed her father's statue. That would make her even more nauseous. Her chamber was as small and cramped as a prison cell. Not the training room, she couldn't deal with combat lessons today. Not the Beacon, she would say something to cross her father, and earn a bruise to match Yveka's. The library would have been the perfect tribute to Laeko, but it remained closed since her arrest. The archives had been her true home. Laeko used to read aloud to Alaina from the Book of Princes and other works. They huddled up in front of a fire. Laeko could have been a mummer, with the way she threw herself into the characters voices and emotions.
Poor Laeko.
"Poor Laeko?" Nadra said, "She sealed her own fate. You don't spit in the face of power without the wind blowing it back."
The sound of footsteps and her father's voice echoed from the corridor. Alaina went to the kennel door and listened at the key hole. Her father was saying, "I have four thousands reasons to keep her around."
Her step-mother answered, "Don't you have enough with the others? Blood means nothing to you?"
"Silence, wench. If I wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it." 
"Why do you bother talking to me at all?" Yveka asked. "If all you want to hear is the sound of your own voice, find a canyon with a strong echo and you can moon over the sound of your own voice all day."
The sound of a slap resonated down the hallway. 
"As I said, a thug," Nadra said.
Alaina's stomach twisted at the truth of the witch's words.
The wolves howled as the iron sky gate on the side of the kennel rattled and clanged open. The cold hand of the wind blew in, Desha and his skywolf in its palm. The winged beast landed, kicking up straw. Desha dismounted in one graceful leap. 
Desha's leathery face was handsome, but his eyes were cruel. 'Handsome on the outside, ugly on the inside,' Laeko used to say. His frequent boasts about his finger necklace did not endear him to Alaina.
"Skydaughter, may the winds be with you," the Tulkarian bowed. "It's a glorious day. Will you be taking Red Paw for a fly, My Lady?"
Red Paw might not have known much, but she knew the word fly. She looked up and panted eagerly.
Why didn't I think of that? A flight might lift my spirits.
 Alaina grabbed a fur robe from a hook on the kennel's wall. "I'm just leaving now."
She took a saddle from a nearby rack and placed it on the winged wolf's back, clambering onto it, and tightening the straps.
Alaina whispered, "Fly" and Red Paw launched herself, whistling through the sky gate, bulleting into the brisk morning air. For the first moment all day, she felt good. Then the tears erupted, freezing in her lashes. She hadn't wanted to cry. A Skydaughter's heart must be ice, but left alone in the sun, ice will melt. The sun was strong upon her skin. 
There was something healing about being high above it all. Far below, the Sky Raiders with their whips dwindled into insignificant dots. Up here, the sky was what was important; the endless stretch of blue, that one could sink into forever. This wolf, this flight, this moment, they were hers, and hers alone. The frigid wind felt good against her face. It was real. It whispered: 'You are alive.'
 The splintered remains of the Weaver's statue lay shattered below, a memorial to Laeko's enslavement. A thin layer of snow blanketed it. To her right, huddled the canvas tents of the slave camp. Laeko would be down there now, shivering, toiling, gathering firewood, digging graves with the other slaves.
 "Red Paw and I could fly down and rescue her, and not come back," Alaina thought.
"You know very well they would track you down in a heartbeat," Nadra said, "Someday you'll be the Skymistress. Isn't that what you want: to be the queen of your little ant hill?" 
Is that what Alaina wanted? That's what everyone thought she wanted, and perhaps she had wanted it fleetingly, to wear a crown and sit like Gar on his mountain throne. From Laeko's library she had read many times The Tyrant's Daughter, touching the tome gently avoiding getting oils onto the precious parchment. The story featured a princess who was the daughter of an iron-fisted king. The monarch had cut out his own heart and placed it on a pedestal where it petrified. The princess did her best to protect herself and her little sister from her father's wrath. Once, while shielding her sister from one of her father's bouts of rage, she vowed she would never be like her monstrous father.
When the girl had just barely become a woman, the tyrant died making the princess a queen. As part of the ritual of accepting the throne, she sliced out her own heart and lay it on the pedestal. Staring at her heart, she told herself it didn't matter. She would never let her heart petrify like her father's had. One of her generals questioned her and made her look foolish. She sent him to his death. Then one of her advisors, who had been her advisor and like a kindly grandfather had tried to weaken her power. She had him killed as well. The princess's heart became harder with each killing. Then her own little sister plotted to seize the throne from her. When she asked her sister why, her sister had replied, 'Because you've become like father.' The Princess shrieked, 'Liar' and plunged a dagger into her sister. Then the princess went into the Heart Chamber. She wanted to weep, but tears wouldn't come. She rushed into the heart chamber, and found her heart had become stone.
It's just a story. I won't become like that. I swear I won't.
Red Paw passed over the boulder known as the Anvil. The winds were at their back and it was a short notch of the sundial later that they reached Dark Fist. As she drew closer, the faint beating sound of the Heart Stone grew louder. Was it truly the Tyrant's daughter's heart beating beneath Deep Fist? 
"Heart Stones are real, but your children's story is not," Nadra said. "Some say the Ancients created them. They were already here when the Immortals arrived."
Usually there were a few Raslonian bone guards posted outside the opening, but not today which seemed odd. Marks in the snow hinted at sleds pulling something heavy. Around the tracks, red splatters flecked the snow. Blood from a hunt? 
She flew through the breached wall into Dark Fist. Red Paw spiraled downwards. No guards inside either. 
She landed in the inner ring, next to the podium, where the bodies of Asgaroth and the Dragonking lay, covered in slithering bands of crackling energy snakes. The Guardian magic gave off some heat, and Alaina rubbed her numb hands. 
Through the amber shell of Guardian magic she could see the Immortals' bodies. The Dragonking's face was covered in a thick red beard, thick as the pelt of a wolf. He was a large man with a bulbous nose and bushy eyebrows. Asgaroth, on the other hand, was clean-shaven with chiseled cheek bones and a square jaw. His charcoal black eyes stared lifelessly at the crystalline ceiling. 	
Alaina's breath caught in her throat. Streaks of red were strewn across the floor here as well. She touched one of the crimson stains with a gloved finger-and tasted it. Blood. Perhaps it was just an animal that had climbed through the breach.
Footsteps sounded behind her. She spun just in time to see a figure dashing through a doorway on the west. Alaina felt the Pull towards whoever it was, like she felt to the prophet slave boy. Had he escaped somehow? 
She knew her duty and had been trained well. She pulled out her dirk. Desha's mantra from combat drills resonated through her mind, 'Steel in hand and heart when battle calls.' The blade reflected the amber Guardian magic humming all around. She prepared to take her first finger. 

Chapter 14 
A Lovely Couple

If you can't retreat from the flames, you must enter into them. -Nadra

-<>- 
 
Alaina leapt over the Guardian field to the outer ring. The crackle of amber energy snakes, that wove together to make the Guardian field, sizzled against the heels of her deerskin boots. The escaping figure, wrapped in a dark cloak, ran through a corridor that Alaina could have sworn wasn't there a moment prior. She hesitated at the open door, which led to a descending passage. The Connection Spell pulled at her, emanating from ahead. 
 "It feels different than the pull we felt towards the slave boy," Nadra thought.
Something was off. Nevertheless, forward she went, into the darkness. A Skydaughter shows no fear.
The beating sound grew louder as she descended into the dark tunnels. This must be part of the legendary Weaver's World. She'd explored some of the tunnels that led under the Nest that the Weaver had left behind, but they all dead ended before they went too far. These tunnels seemed to stretch further. Her heartbeat accelerated. She slowed her breathing, trying to regain control. "I won't feel fear."
"Then you're a fool," Nadra said, "Everything about this spells trap."
Alaina gathered the Source energy in her mouth, preparing a puff of flame to light her way. She had to be careful. Too much and she could burn up her air supply. She whispered, releasing thin lines of flame through the air, illuminating the corridor. She took a few steps, before the luminescence succumbed to the surrounding shadows.
 "You're inching your way into a death trap," Nadra said. 
"A warrior shows no fear."
"Your no warrior, you're a frog." 
Alaina's stomach twisted. Fifteen years being inside her hadn't made Nadra any less prejudiced against the Mantu race. The insult bristled, but only slightly. If Nadra hadn't grown more tolerant, Alaina had grown more accustomed to Nadra's barbed words. And Alaina had learned that if one filtered out the crude part of Nadra's speeches sometimes wisdom could be found. In this case, it was the words 'death-trap' that rang the truest. She'd heard tales of the dark things that lived and died beneath the temple Dark Fist.
She had been trained to charge into battle, like any good little Sky Raider, but she had never been particularly adept. A warrior should be wary of walking into a trap. Bravery was one thing, but this was foolishness.
 Alaina retraced her steps to the main chamber. The doorway had vanished. She heard sounds from behind her, and her neck frills extended. She let out another puff of flame in hopes of finding the exit, but she illuminated only rough rock.
 Heart pounding louder than the distant thumping, she searched the wall with her hands for a knob, a lever, a crevice. She felt only cold stone. Had she descended into her own grave? 
 "If you can't retreat from the flames, you must enter them," Nadra said. 
Alaina chewed her lip, wracking her brain for how to escape this dilemma. If she caught the slave boy, or whomever the Connection belonged to, she could force him to locate and open the hidden door. She whispered another tendril of fire into the air. 
Wherever this was had plenty of air to fuel her flame. The Weaver's World's tunnels stretched for endless leagues if the histories wrote it true. Enter the Weaver's World but never will you leave, the legend went. She trembled. It's only the cold and damp, I have no fear.. 
"Then you're a fool," Nadra thought. "You should be deathly afraid."
Fire welled in her mouth, swirling around her tongue. She inched forward. The beating sound intensified, matching the thumping of her heart.
"Keep your eyes open," Nadra said. "Someone might be lurking ahead ready to bash your skull in."
Alaina opened her mouth, but only a couple of sparks emerged. 
"Your Source energy needs time to replenish," Nadra said. "The whispers of flame were never meant to be used as a glorified lantern. Bursts of flame should be short, concise, and precise."
The corridor widened and twisted as she descended. The darkness made the going slow. She rested, meditating for a moment, letting the Source regenerate. She released a flare, revealing a tunnel with stalagmites and a stream traversing it. 
Around the next corner, hints of amber light illuminated the walls. Guardian Magic- was it Centuron? The histories suggested Centuron stood guard over the Shadow Queen. Could this cloaked figure she was following be a Guardian Mage? As her eyes adjusted to the Guardian Magic, she stopped in her tracks.
In the center of an enormous cavern, a six-foot wide stone heart expanded and contracted. The stone stretched like flesh, glowing as if heated in a blacksmith's furnace. Metal tendrils spiraled out from it, writhing like a kraken's tentacles. Guardian energy flowed from these into a clear energy sphere which enveloped a milk-white woman. Her eyes, her hair, even her gown were bone white, but around her feet stirred a puddle of darkness.
A second Guardian Field formed a ring on the ceiling, matching the one on the temple floor. I'm right below the inner ring. This is the Heart Stone that produced that eerie noise.
A short blue-haired boy stood with his back to her. He wore a black robe, filigreed with golden snakes winding around his waist. He ladled wax from a cauldron into a plaster mold. Scores of life-size wax figures, partially covered by linens, populated the room. Each representing half animals: a wolf man, a bird man, a lizard man, a bear man, a horse man . . . 
"Who are you?" Alaina asked the boy, but he ignored her and continued to work molding the statue. By his side were buckets filled with plaster, wires, brushes, chisels, rollers, and hammers.
Stones grated to her right, and a wall slid open. Three figures emerged. Woven strips of linen bound their legs, torsos, and chests. The mummy-like wrappings stopped at their necks. 
They were a mixture of races. The first was a half-Ozac male, wearing a dark cloak over his linen wraps. Long silver hair cascaded across red eyes, and gray skin. He was smaller and lighter skinned than Skarak. 
The second was an elderly Mantu female leaning on a staff. She appeared to have no eyes, yet she moved nimbly about. The last was a young woman wearing a fox's mask. Long black hair cascaded down her back. The connection she felt centered on this fox-girl, not the slave boy after all. Why do I feel the same pull towards this Woven One and the slave boy?
 The half-Ozac's eyes locked onto Alaina. The redness in them was mottled with blacks and white, like staring into hot coals. Alaina jerked around to run, but the Ozac lunged and grabbed her wrist. She bucked backwards, but he pinned her against his chest. 
Her heart and body beat like the wings of a wolf struggling to break free of its tethers.
 "Who . . . are . . . you?" she panted. "What do you want?" 
"My name is Anaz, servant of the Weaver. She has a message for you, girl," the Ozac said.
The blue-haired boy turned. His face was half flesh, half skeleton.

-<>- 

Wayden sank his spoon into the pool of white sodden curds Cook called porridge. It was delicious, flavored with near starvation. "What was Night telling you about when she called you up to visit with her?"
"N-n-nothing." Rif prodded his more suspiciously, examining each bite thoroughly before putting it into his mouth. "Some more of her m-m-madness."
"What was that about you blowing life into some statues?"
"Like I said . . . Hey! You were listening in weren't you? We thought we heard someone."
Wayden blushed.
Rory came in from the yard. "Some silver-veiled Fire-Whisperer and a Dragon Knight are heading this way with a mass of Flickers."
Crag frowned. "Rory, did you-"
"I didn't be saying peep," Rory said. 
Were they here to arrest Rif? It wasn't Rif's fault he had Arth in his mind.
	Crag donned his hat.
Rory held the door open. The infamous Royal Companion Jereth Thunderstone entered first. Sunlight glinted off the dragon knight's serpentine helm. The man's worm-like lips sneered.
A Flicker thumped the base of his spear onto the hardwood floor and bellowed, "Make way for Fire-Whisperer Ko, grandson of Borleat, son of Neruk." 
Fire-Whisperer Ko entered
"May your ember glow in the darkest of nights," Crag said, falling to his knees. 
The orphans followed Crag's example. Ko wore the silver veil of a high-ranking Fire-whisperer draping over his mouth and chin. What marked him as distinct was a burn mark branding his sloped forehead. It was almost in the same position as Wayden's, though Wayden's was an irregular mess, while Ko's a perfect circle.
"That's the mark of a Purist," Kolram explained. 
"Who are the Purists?"
 "Really, Wayden, do you - never mind- no one is perfect I suppose. Just try to be more attentive in the future. The Purists want to exile all non-humans from Helos. They burn themselves to cleanse sinful thoughts from their heads."
"Even the Mantus?"
"Some do, others of them favor enslaving the Mantus. They claim we should go back to the days when they received no compensation for their work and wore iron collars."
Ko peered down at Crag. His blue eyes were ringed with steel gray. "Enough. You're wasting valuable state time."
Crag's face flushed, as he pulled himself off the floor.
 Ko handed a parchment to Crag, stamped with the Dracon's wax seal. "I'm here due to a violation of The Use of Unauthorized Magic Act."
Crag trembled. "I didn't mean to. I just want to be a Fire-whisperer. Is that so bad?"
"We aren't here for you, though thank you for bringing that to my attention. I'll make mention of that to the Dracon. I've been authorized to take into custody the two orphans who used magic illegally in the Dracon's fields."
Wayden's stomach knotted. Did their justice lack all logic? Rif possibly killed Big Darius, but they were arresting them because they used magic in self-defense. They mustn't know about the incident with Big D, or surely that would be mentioned. It didn't matter, saving someone bore a worse consequence than killing them.
 "No need to tell the Dracon, is there?" Crag pleaded. "About me?"
"We'll see how cooperative you are."
Crag straightened. "Right." He pointed at Wayden and Rif. "These two used magic. My man, Rory, saw them. One summoned a wolf; the other did some spell with a cloud. I guess a weather wizard of some sort? Anyhow, they're yours."
 "So you knew about this but failed to report it?" Ko asked Crag.
"We . . . we were in the process."
"Quite a lengthy process it would seem," Ko placed his hands behind his back and paced. "As well as the two boys, I'm to take custody of Mistress Night."
Crag's quadruple brimmed hat had fallen to the floor, and without realizing, he took a step backwards and stood on it. "That's my grandmother!" 
Ko handed Crag a parchment. "You were a candidate to become a Fire-Whisperer, were you not, Master Crag? I seem to vaguely recall voting on your nomination. May I assume then that you are literate?" 
"Of course, I am," Crag said, examining the parchment. "I'll have you know I'm nominated again for the coming Choosing." 
"You might have to tone your garb down when you go before the Selection Tribunal," Ko gestured downwards with his chin, veil swaying. "We can't have you out-brightening the volcano. Though the hat on your foot is original, I'll grant."
Crag followed Ko's gaze to his crushed cap. He tried to disentangle and almost tripped himself.
"Work on your foot adornments at a later date," Ko snapped. "You're wasting time with your toe hats. Will you read the document, or do I have to read it to you?"
Crag blushed again and squinted at the document, his lips moving as he read. "Rory, go fetch my grandma. Rif and Toast, you'll be taken to the Red Palace."
Rory nodded and headed up the stairwell.
"We weren't using magic, Sir," Wayden protested. "We were just praying. The Source or the Dragonking must have sent the wolves."
Ko glared at Wayden. "You will not speak unless requested."
Wayden moved towards Ko. "It's not fair -"
Thunderstone and another grabbed Wayden, and pulled him away from Ko. Soldiers flanked Rif as well. Wayden tasted bile.
"If we hadn't used magic, Rory and the rest would have been killed," Wayden thought, "And now, as our reward, they're arresting us."
"Justice was the first victim of the Dracon's reign," Kolram said.
"Sir, if you would just let me explain," Wayden said.
Ko turned his withering glare on Wayden. "You may not address me, unless requested, then you must call me Your Holiness. Do not speak. Nod once if you understand."
"But-" 
A slap sent Wayden reeling back against a Flicker's shield. His cheek stung from the pain and the room wobbled.
"I believe I requested a nod," Ko's voice was cold and calm.
Rif stepped forward. "It was m-m-me that used the magic. Leave W-W-Wayden out of it."
A shove from Ko sent Rif flying into a guard, who caught the Tulkarian.
"One more word out of either of you, and you shall make this journey bound and gagged," Ko said. "Attempt escape and there will be painful repercussions. I have orders not to kill you, but maiming has not been expressly forbidden. Escort them to the wagon."
Flickers flanked Rif and Wayden. 
"This can't be how it all ends for me," Wayden thought. "The Source. The Prophecies. I was meant to die fighting Gar, not rotting in prison." 
Rory came down the stairs followed by Night. Her milk-white hair was coifed into elaborate plaits. She wore a clean black dress adorned with sky jewels and a golden bonnet over her braids. Her scars were covered with henna.
 "She were already packed," Rory said, scratching his head. "Did she be knowin' about this?"
"Grandma!" Crag yelled to Night. "They want you to go with them to the Red Palace."
"I'm not deaf, nor blind, just old and ugly." Night adjusted the strings of her bonnet. "If you came up to visit your grandmother once in a while you would know that, but you were born a fool, and age has not improved you."
"I meant to, its just -" Crag began.
"I live in the same tower you do. You have only to go up the stairs. If you knew the slightest bit about me, you would know I knew we were leaving, because I saw it in the water."
"Now grandma stop your joking, I know you wouldn't use unauthorized Splasher magic."
"What does it matter now, they are arresting me anyways. Yes I used magic, and I need no man's leave to do so. Your great-great grandmother, who you've been so ashamed of, is rising again soon. All this time I've been praising her name, and you've been denying any connection with her, hoping to curry favor. We shall soon see who gets stuck in an attic when she reigns supreme."
Crag's face paled.
"I like this one," Ko said to Thunderstone.
The Dragonknight rolled his eyes and muttered. "The two of you would make a lovely couple."

Chapter 15 
 A Double Edge		 
And what is strength? Is strength the ability to frighten others or to inspire them? Is it to control others or oneself? - Grandmaster Baltoo

-<>- 

Alaina winced as Anaz forced her arm behind her back. His grip was steel wrapped in linen and his red eyes seemed to burrow into her.
"Stop struggling," Anaz said. "You're just hurting yourself."
He was right. There was no doubt who was stronger. Her eyes settled on the boy whose face was half skull. He seemed to be smiling at her. His one good eye seemed to be the eye of a normal child.
"Are you the Weaver?" Alaina asked the boy. 
"Is he the Weaver?!" The girl with the fox mask laughed. Alaina felt the pull towards her even more strongly now. Her hands glowed bright as embers. "The boy is one of the Cursed."
"The Weaver would have your head for calling him the Cursed, Finder," the female Mantu said, leaning on her staff. The pits where her eyes should have been appeared dark and endless.
Anaz shrugged. "Leave her be, Queranos. Denying hard truths doesn't change them."
Alaina didn't care what a Cursed was or why had they lured her here. What she wanted to know was how she was going to get out of this in one piece. She tried once more to pull free of Anaz. "Let me go. I'm the Skydaughter. Gar is my father. He'll have your head for this." 
"Cease struggling." Anaz twisted her wrist. Alaina gasped in pain.
 "You'll follow orders or you can be in the Weaver's cell next."
Alaina couldn't make sense of what they were talking about. Centuron was head of the Guardians. Had they rescued this Anaz from the Guardian's prison?
The girl with the fox mask leaned over Alaina, long black hair cascading like a waterfall. She touched Alaina's skin with the tip of a glowing finger. A tingle coursed through Alaina's body. 
"Greetings Nadra's Host," the fox-girl said. "You may call me Finder."
Finder's hands turned yellow and an image of lips whispering a flame danced in her palms. She was a Magic-finder like Goat or Zaburn. She was about Alaina's age, yet she already knew magic.
 "How did you know about Nadra?"
"I host the Grandmaster of Magic-finding, Zaburn." Finder's voice had an eerie quality to it. "Jijari foresaw that the Grandmasters would be separated on Three Moons' Night and she warned Zaburn. He cast a spell binding us together, so we could find each other after the prophecy came to pass."
This information fit with Nadra's memories of Zaburn. She remembered him casting a spell on them at Dark Fist before the Dracon's deadly ritual. The slave boy who was painting the prophecies for her father must host Jijari- since she was the water prophet.
Finder leaned closer to Laeko. Beneath the fox mask she had swirling silver eyes. "You know my aunt, Laeko."
Laeko . . . her aunt? Laeko was a Strand Prophet. A follower of the Weaver.
"How did you know? Splasher Prophecies like Jijari does?"
"Her highness, Cala the Weaver, sees the future, not in water, but in weavings."
The Heart Stone beat, illuminating Finder's face. "She sees the junctures. You must save the burnt boy." 
"I don't understand. What burnt boy? Who is that woman floating there? What is that blue-haired boy doing? Why is his face like that?"
The boy smiled, a smile that was half adorable and half out of Alaina's worst nightmare.
"The cursed -," Finder said, "I mean, His Highness, is making bodies for the dispossessed. As for the woman, do you not recognize Lila the Immortal, true Queen of Shadows, friend of wraiths, and ally to the Weaver?" 
"Why is she attached to a Heart Stone?" Alaina gestured with her chin towards the pulsating stone.
"Centuron trapped her in it a millennium ago."
Queranos glared at Finder. "You say too much. Did the Weaver ask you to tutor the girl?" Her golden slit eyes met Alaina's. She touched Alaina's cheek with her wrinkled webbed fingers. "Listen closely, Skydaughter. Free the Burnt Boy. Remember the four thousand bones. And when the knives fall, save Laeko."
Four thousand. That number- she'd heard someone else mention it recently.
Finder's hands flashed bright yellow. She glanced at them. "We need to go."
"Trouble?" Anaz asked, loosening his grasp on Alaina. 
Finder held up her hands. Flashes of gold and silver danced across her palms. "Guardian Knights."
Guardian Knights- all the myths were turning out to be real. Centuron's order that kept the Immortals trapped was real as well, apparently.
They raced down a long hallway, Anaz guiding Alaina, Finder lighting the way with her glowing hands. The boy with the half-skull face ran with them. 
They moved quickly through the tunnels, despite Querano's old age and blindness. Their only light came from Finder's hands. 
"What . . . do you . . . mean . . ." Alaina panted. ". . . four thousand bones. And who is - Burnt Boy?" 
"We will tell you no more," Queranos answered. 
"A riddle? That's why you lured me here? Did you kill the Raslonian guards just for this? Why not just talk to me up in the inner ring?"
As she asked Alaina suddenly guessed the answer. They wanted her to see something: the Shadow Queen, the Cursed, the Woven Ones, or the Heart Stone. But which and why? 
"Killing Raslonian Bone guards is never a bad thing," Finder said. "They think this place is haunted and we like to keep it that way. In a way it is, and we are the ghosts." 
"Once again you say too much," Queranos said. "Give her the Sleep, Finder. Anaz will carry her the remainder of the way." 
Finder raised her hand, the eerie blue light dancing across Alaina's field of vision. Her eyes fluttered and closed. 
It could have been moments or hours later when a rough tongue licked her awake. Red Paw loomed over her, panting. Alaina lay in snow, under the great rock known as the Anvil. The Woven Ones hadn't even left footprints in the snow. Had she fallen from her skywolf and dreamt the whole incident? She stared down at her wrists. They were still red where Anaz had squeezed them.
She clutched her wolf, letting tears roll down her cheeks. Unbecoming for a Skydaughter, but she didn't care. 
"Red Paw, I have never been so happy to see you."
	
						-<>- 

Wayden, Night, and Rif shared a wagon, pulled by two crotchety draft horses. The boys were quiet and sullen, and their wrists were manacled so they could cast no magic. Wayden's nose itched and he had no way to scratch it. The weight of the iron made his arms feel like they would fall out of their sockets. Night, in contrast, hummed what Wayden assumed was a jaunty tune, though she was so off-key it was a bit hard to be certain. They hadn't bound her hands and she was knitting with black and gold yarn.
"It must be nice to have blind faith that we'll get out of this," Wayden thought. With so many mounted guards around them, there was no way to escape.
 Ahead of them, Sir Jereth Thunderstone and Fire-Whisperer Ko rode thick-bodied Dragonlanders, green-scaled horses. Ko's horse left large droppings on the path. 
Rif nodded his head in the direction of Sir Thunderstone. "Is that one of the C-C-Companions? Like Sir Longreach?" 
"Aye." Wayden's chains clinked as he moved. "He's my least favorite of them. During the Selection tournament, he insisted on the ancient tradition that real weapons be used. A woman in the crowd got too close and lost an ear to one of Thunderstone's missed blows. When his opponent turned to aid the woman, Thunderstone thrust the blade through his back."
"And they still made him a Royal C-C-Companion?" 
 "No one ever accused the Dragonknights of being overly soft. It's cold steel that makes them, not a warm heart."
The chill of autumn was replaced by the warm humidity of Cook's Lake, as the caravan descended into Devil's Valley, zigzagging down switchbacks.
"Mistress Night," Rif said. "What did you mean we won't all arrive at the prison?" 
Night had black yarn wrapped around her fingers and her needles were crossed. "I foresaw that your burnt friend here has to play tug of war with the Skymaster over a fiery cat. And as for you, Rif, I see that you will play your own deadly game of chase with Sir Thunderstone."
Rif's face grew pale at news of this prophecy.
Wayden felt his anger twist like a red hot dagger to the gut. "Rif fights Thunderstone? I fight Gar over a fiery cat? Talk plainly, for the love of the Source."
"I speak as plainly as the water that greets us," she gestured with her knitting needles at Cook's Lake. Night spoke as plainly as this water at least, which was a froth of murk and foam, erupting in spots into spouts of angry mist. 
On a distant island in the center of the large lake, rose the Tower of the Loons. Wayden wondered how they were able to boat people out there without getting scalded.
To the east, rose the volcanic fortress known as the Red Palace. Its crater had been sculpted into a dragon's mouth and the sides of the mountains folded wings. Was it Wayden's imagination or was a squadron of soldiers riding their way from the castle? Thunderstone must have noticed it as well, for he ordered the caravan to a halt.
"Riders heading this way," Thunderstone shouted. His eyes must have been keen, for it took Wayden a moment to notice what the Dragon Knight had. In the distance, tiny dots rode down a switchback road from the Fire Gate dug into the side of the volcano. The dots turned into horses as they drew closer, and the sound of galloping hooves grew louder.
Night smiled. The yarn on her needles appeared tangled up. "The future is riding our way."
 "If she says one more enigmatic thing, I swear I'll throw her in Cook's Lake myself," Wayden thought.
"Being enigmatic is no crime," Kolram said.
"No. Only saving people from scagazi is."
"The Dracon condemns you as unjustly as you condemn Night." 
Soldiers galloped towards them, holding aloft the banner of Helos: a dragon in front of the sun. As the riders drew closer, Wayden identified Swiftrider, a Royal Companion, leading a squadron of mounted Flickers. Swiftrider rode on his famous Streaked Lizard Horse, Green Lightning. 
	"Now, this Royal Companion is more to my liking," Wayden whispered excitedly to Rif. "That's Swiftrider, the winner of last year's Race of Fire. You should've seen it. Swiftrider won by jumping Green Lightning over a shortcut: a channel of lava." 
	Swiftrider handed Ko a parchment bearing the Dracon's wax seal. 
	While Swiftrider spoke in a hushed voice, Ko's was raised in anger. He thrust the parchment back in Swiftrider's hand and turned towards Wayden. "Young men. Come hither. Now." 
	A Flicker helped Wayden and Rif out of the wagon. They stumbled forwards, chains clinking, across rocky ground. Wayden's legs were numb from the long wagon ride but the manacles were the worst. He'd heard about prisoners who had to wear them day after day. He didn't know how they could bear it. 
"Hail there, young magi," Swiftrider said, "Your skills are being requisitioned by order of his majesty Dracon Niar, son of Terok, Possessor of the Red Blade, Wearer of the Crown of Fire, First Seat upon the Burnt Throne, heir to the Dragonking, and leader of the land of Helos. A dragon was sighted in northern Deep Woods. The Dracon ordered us to bring it back. You will use your magic to acquire the dragon." 
A tightness compressed Wayden's chest. "What? Even Kolram couldn't control Volkanus. And how am I to cast magic with my hands shackled?"
"If you capture this dragon, your freedom will be restored to you." Swiftrider said. "Do you swear upon the Holy Flame not to try to escape if I release your bonds? Will you undertake this mission on behalf of Helos?"
"I promise I'll try my best," Wayden said.
"I will do my b-b-best to help him," Rif said. 
A Flicker unshackled and removed their manacles. 
Wayden rubbed his red and sore wrists. "I can try, but even Kolram couldn't control Volkanus. How do you know I can control this dragon?"
 "This dragon is smaller than Volkanus," Swiftrider answered. "The Dracon believes you will be able to control her." 
"Her? A female?"
Ko, leaned down from his scaled horse, and smacked Wayden hard on the back of his head. "Do you see this seal, boy? It is a direct order from the Dracon. His royal majesty is not in the habit of having his orders questioned by burnt orphans."
Burnt boy, Toast, burnt orphans - they lived in the Land of Fire, yet they treated him like an anathema, because he wore the mark of fire's kiss. Wayden felt a different type of fire well up inside of him, but bit his lip.
Ko's ice blue eyes bore into Wayden. "You will bring that dragon to us, or you can swim in Cook's Lake. I'm not sure which would give me greater satisfaction."
"Troops!" Swiftrider bellowed. "Fall in. Direction, South Fork."
Wayden clambered back onto the wagon, feeling some satisfaction that his wrists were no longer manacled and the possibility of freedom had been returned to them.
"N-n-night was right," Rif said. "She said we'd be diverted. Do you think her other prophecies are right too?"
If they were, then Wayden would be freeing the Shadow Queen. He couldn't see that happening.
Wayden was glad to see that Swiftrider and his men joined their cadre of soldiers. A plump, yellow-robed healer rode up to Wayden on back of a tan palomino. He was a sandy-haired man, with a vine tattooed on his face. The vine encircled the image of an apple. He was sucking on a licorice stick. He pulled another from his satchel and handed it to Wayden. "I'm Healer Conrick. Pleasure to meet you."
Wayden thought he might die of shock from meeting someone in the Red Guard who was actually pleasant. He took the sweet warily. It looked like a twig or a cinnamon stick. He'd eaten sweets like this when he was little. He half expected a Cook-like gag, where Conrick would squeeze his hand or give him something disgusting. He placed the stick in his mouth warily. His tongue tingled with the sweetness and flavor. Conrick handed a candy to Rif as well. 
"Th-th-is is delicious," Rif said. "Thank you."
Conrick smiled. "One gets as much from the giving, as the getting. With that he spurred his horse forward.
Wayden shook his head in disbelief, examining his chaffed wrists. "This day is going a lot better than I expected. Now let's just hope we don't actually run into this dragon."
Their caravan turned south around the road that looped the lake, and took the southern junction up a steep hill. The road passed wattle-and-daub houses, wooden shacks, and straw huts. It wound past farmlands, fields of wildflowers, and vast stretches of grassland. It rolled over hillocks and traversed wooden bridges and high-running streams until they reached Deep Woods. 
The forest was a riot of color. Autumn had turned the green leaves into a quilt of copper, bronze, and gold. The fallen leaves crunched beneath hoof and wagon wheel. The air turned cooler as they rode, and Wayden pulled his hood tight.
 The rhythm of the road lulled Wayden into a dream, or was it a memory of Kolram's drifting across his mind? Kolram was in a large chamber with grooved wooden walls, studying with his teacher, Grandmaster Baltoo. His fellow acolytes Gar and Belza were dabbing feather pens into ink pots and scrawling on parchments. 
Gar had yet to lose hair, but scar tissue covered where his eye ought to have been. He'd said to Kolram once, while they were both sharing a bottle, that his mother had taken it for looking at what he wasn't supposed to. Gar was dressed in the maroon robes of an acolyte, not the shiny black leather of a Sky Raider. He already wore his pearl necklace and a gold armband. 
Wayden wished he could go back in time and warn Baltoo about Gar. 'Don't teach him. Don't make him stronger. He's going to kill you.'
Kolram had been the one to find Baltoo's body, a memory Wayden had seen in many a nightmare.
Grandmaster of Beast Tongue, Baltoo-the-Gentle, petted a sick cat, which had curled up in his lap. His head was shaven, but his beard was long and purple. "Soul-stealing is a dangerous process," Baltoo lectured. "And one we had thought lost, until Arth and Gior's recent rediscovery of Raylar's texts."
Baltoo had assigned Kolram the task of finding out more of what the Soul-stealers were up to, but so far Kolram's espionage had achieved nothing more than getting a goblet of brandy tossed in his face.
"There are five states of matter," Baltoo lectured. "Solid, liquid, gas, energy, and spirit. Spirit can be converted to energy or even gas."
"He's already full of gas," Gar muttered to Kolram and Belza. Neither student laughed. 
If Baltoo heard Gar's mutter, he said nothing. "When someone dies, what do you think happens to them?"
Kolram had always been puzzled by that question. Do souls just cease to exist? 
"They go to the Great Flame Lands," Gar whispered in a sarcastic tone. "To be friends with the fire angels and the lava imps," 
Baltoo had surely heard him. Why did he not reprimand Gar? Instead, he continued, "No energy disappears. The energy is simply transmuted into a different form. Think of rock changing into magma and then hardening again into rock, or, if you prefer, mist becoming rain and then rain into the sea."
"If a spirit is changed to energy or a gas," acolyte Belza asked, her shock of red hair bobbing, "would it still be a spirit?"
 "And do stones live? These are age old questions." Baltoo said. "We know a gas, energy, or stone cannot grow or breed, but can it be imbued with spirit still? What does it mean to live or to die? Are there true beginnings and ends, or are we simply in a constant state of flux?"
Baltoo's cat meowed pitifully
. Kolram sensed something from the cat. A relinquishing of will. He gestured towards the feline. "She's dying, isn't she? Is there anything we can do?"
"Nothing physical," Baltoo answered. "But we can remember her. No energy truly disappears. This cat has been a faithful pet. More faithful than some of my acolytes." His eyes seemed to rest on Gar as he said this. "This feline and I share a spirit bond. When she dies part of her will live on inside of me, as I will live on in inside of you, when my time comes."
Gar laughed. "It's a wraithin' cat. When it dies, you should stick it on a spit and cook it. Then it'll truly be part of you. Animals respect strength."
"And what is strength, Gar? Is strength the ability to frighten others or to inspire them? Is it to control others or oneself?" Baltoo asked. "Fear is a powerful tool, but a double edged one. You can gain surface control, but never a true and lasting loyalty."
Gar jabbed a finger in Baltoo's direction. "As long as they're afraid of me, that's all the loyalty I need. Why do I even bother coming here anymore? I'm a better Beast Tongue than you, old man. You should retire and let me be the Grandmaster."
"If you have no more to learn from me, you should leave, yet the most important skill eludes you. Wisdom. Power without wisdom is like fire without a hearth. It is dangerous and deadly. I'd no sooner make an unwise man my heir, than to assign the task to a forest fire."
Wayden opened his eyes and saw a ceiling of dazzling leaves. How long had he been asleep? Perhaps moments, perhaps hours - the road was endless sameness, and yet paradoxically endless diversity: every leaf slightly different than the last.
Wayden stared at the leaves thinking on Kolram's memory. "Gar was awful, even back in his early days. I'm surprised Baltoo allowed him in his school." 
"Baltoo's fault was giving people too many second chances," Kolram responded. "He was convinced he could save Gar, but Gar did not want to be saved."
 Low hanging boughs of cedar and hickory hung over the wagon. Rif had dozed off, leaning on Night's black cloaked shoulder. 
A league down the road, Sir Swiftrider brought his dragon horse to a sudden stop. He turned, his brow furrowed.
 "Bodies."

-<>- 

Jazlyn clutched her mother's necklace, the stone warm against her chest. I don't know whether I should be grateful to Gol for giving me the necklace or angry that she hadn't done so sooner.
 Jazlyn walked briskly towards the southwestern part of the Red Palace, known as the Commons, Org at her side. Mother might be locked away somewhere and Ember Haldur might hold the answers. What would Jazlyn do about it, if she was? Would she be in a position to help her mother? 	
"One step at a time, first I must find her," Jazlyn thought to herself. 
"She's likely dead," Asgaroth said.
"Lock your lips."
"My lips are a hundred leagues south, in a temple of stone."
"Would that your poisonous words were trapped there as well."
"What is so poisonous about the truth? The Dracon had no reason to spare her. What is poisonous is allowing yourself false hope."
A drunken Flicker stumbled out of a tavern, almost knocking her over. His breath stank of whisky. "Hello . . . beautiful . . . ." 
 Org stepped between Jazlyn and the Flicker. The drunk's head was level to the Ozac's massive chest. He tipped his helm. "Oh, I'm sorry, Sir. Is this your daughter? A very lovely - hic - day to you both."
The Flicker stumbled off. Jazlyn tried not to smell or touch anything as she made her way past the tavern. A moment later, they reached the South West Loading area. Barrels, boxes, crates, and sacks were being loaded and unloaded by a dozen sweaty workers. 
 Jazlyn recognized Ember Haldur's pock-marked face from Gol's description, besides he was the only one wearing the blue cape of an Ember. Two Flickers were inspecting people's papers as they came through. Jazlyn approached Haldur and said, "Ember Haldur. A word. Privately."
"It would be my honor, Your Highness. Shall we retire to the commerce office?" 
"That will suffice."
Haldur led her up a wide hallway, until they reached a small stone room, which served as the office of public records. Two acolytes were sorting through parchments. She commanded Org to wait for her outside and Haldur told the acolytes to take their midday meal. She sat opposite the Ember, across a small pine table. 
"What an unexpected honor this is."
"I require assistance for which I'd be most grateful." Jazlyn laid three shiny gold coins on the table.
Haldur glanced at her, surprised. "You don't have to do that, Daughter Draconi." 
"I insist."
He smiled. "Well, who am I to refuse an order?" The coins clinked as he slipped them into his pocket. "What can I help you with, Your Highness?"
Jazlyn's voice was soft, more from emotion, than fear of being overheard. "My birth mother. What happened to her?"
Haldur's face turned white. Shaking, he fumbled in his pocket, attempting to return the coins, which spilled on the floor, but Jazlyn stayed his hand. 
"You'll tell me-"
"I can't."
"Or I'll report you for taking bribes."
"You wouldn't . . . you insisted I take it."
 "And whose words will they believe? Now-you are going to tell me where my mother is."
"Dead." Haldur slammed his hands on the tabletop, overturning an ink pot, which flowed like a pool of blackened blood. "Dead and buried, all right . . . ach, look what you made me do. I'm sorry, Your Highness. Your mother was a fine Draconess. A beauty. But even pretty flesh withers in the end. She's dead and gone. Let her enjoy the rest of the dead. Poking where you don't belong, it won't do nobody no good."
"Dead. You're sure?" Jazlyn heard the words come out of her mouth, but somehow they felt disconnected from her body.
Haldur didn't meet her eyes. "I'm sure. I had the misfortune to see it happen with my own eyes."
Jazlyn wished she hadn't come here, hadn't asked, and hadn't forced the truth from him.
 No.
 It was better to know. Anything was better than not knowing. 
"How did she die?" Jazlyn felt her mother's necklace, warm against her neck.
Haldur looked away, trying to busy himself shaking the excess ink off the stained parchment. He was making the mess worse.
"I asked: how did she die?"
Haldur slapped the parchment down on the tabletop and reached for Jazlyn's hands, his fingers staining hers black. "Child. Princess. Save yourself some grief. This is something the devil would spare you."
Jazlyn felt her chest tighten. "You will tell me."
"I won't."
"Now. Or I'll have my guard come in here and beat it out of you."
"She struggled as they took over Cook's Lake to the Tower of the Loons and she escaped my . . . the guard's grasp. I reached in to pull her out, but it was too late. She . . ."
"Tell me."
"Boiled to death calling your name." 
Jazlyn's inside coiled. Where her heart had been was now a frozen wasteland. 
Haldur slammed a gauntleted fist against the table. "Wraithin' hell, girl, look what you made me do. Are you happy now?"
Happy? What was happy? She'd once heard of the word, in another life. Jazlyn bit back a tiny sob. Not now. She would cry later. No one could see the Daughter Draconi cry. Her mother's necklace seemed to whisper to her, "You're all right, Jazlyn. I'm still here with you. Be strong, sweet dragon."
Haldur leaned across the table, his voice the softest of whispers. "I'm . . . I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I loved her, you know. We all did. She was a good woman, the Draconess. The real Draconess, not the cow who calls herself the Draconess these days. So beautiful. The paintings don't capture it right. The Dracon sent her to the Isle of the Loons, but she leapt off the boat into Cook's Lake, calling your name. I . . . tried to warn you. There's no comfort here. Some truths ought not be told."
Jazlyn wanted to scream at him. Instead, she rose. "Thank you. I'm glad you told me." She wanted to fall on the floor and sob, pounding her hands bloody against the stone. Instead, she turned and walked out of the room as if she were in a trance. 
Were these her feet that were moving? Was it her hand opening the bronze door? 
"Mother. Why can't you be alive?"
"I am," a woman's voice whispered in her mind. "I'm inside of you."
"I'm losing my mind," Jazlyn thought.
Org stood there, his large, liquid red eyes staring at her with a curious expression.
Her voice was hollow. "Let's go, Org."
The huge Ozac stopped her and placed a meaty finger under Jazlyn's chin. He said, "Little Princess needs to cry."
"I'm fine," she lied.
Org raised an eyebrow. "Little Princess not fine."
"Oh, Org." She leaned the side of her head on his huge gray chest. She could hear his heart beating, larger than a human heart. She sobbed for what felt like a long time. Finally, Jazlyn sniffled and pulled her head away from Org. She straightened her hair. 
With a sausage-sized finger, Org brushed a tear from her eye.


Chapter 16
A Roar that Shook the World

Prophecies are slippery fish. Trying to avoid them is often what makes them come true.
 - Night
-<>-

The wind shifted and the smell of corpses assaulted Wayden. 
The smile vanished from Healer Conrick's portly s face. He galloped on his palomino, leaping off to search the bodies. After several moments Wayden's wagon caught up. Conrick shook his head slowly. "No survivors."
Wayden's wagon pulled to a stop a mere ten paces from the corpses. Rif retched over the side of the wagon. 
"Arrows and wolf bites," Swiftrider had removed his gauntlets and his hands were covered in blood. "Unless wolves have learned to fire bows, or men to chew like beasts, this is Sky Raider work."
Ko adjusted his silver veil. "Bandits killed by raiders is almost as excellent as raiders killed by bandits." 
	"These aren't bandits or raiders." Healer Conrick felt the corpse's wrists with his pudgy fingers. "These are Woodsmen. See the tattoos?"  He lifted the wrist of a corpse which was covered with a weaving-vine tattoo. It matched the tattoo on Conrick's cheek. Terrifying tales about the Woodsmen robbing and maiming people abounded, and Wayden was surprised to hear Conrick defend them.
	"If they lived in the woods, they paid no taxes," Ko said. "And that makes them bandits."
	"Robbing someone means you're a bandit," Conrick said. "Living in the forests means you're poor."
	Dragon Knight Jereth Thunderstone laughed. "How else did they survive out here, if they didn't rob?"
	Conrick cleared his throat. "Nuts, berries, roots, trapped game, and hunting with bows and slings. We fished the streams and survived on what the Primordial gave us." 
 "You were one of these . . . Woodsmen." Thunderstone said, running his blade's edge against a whetstone. He appeared to be the most uninterested in the corpses.
	"Proud to be one." The vine tattoo on his cheek coiled as his face hardened. "It was a hard life but an honest one. I learned as much herb lore from the woods as I did from tomes. In fact, one balances the other."
A Flicker had found a body beneath a towering iron bark tree. "Sir, this one's breathing."
	Ko rode over, dismounted, drew his dirk, and thrust it through the wounded Woodsman. "There. Now he's not."
Wayden went cold. Ko was nothing but a murderer and a pompous one at that.
	Thunderstone laughed. "You're my kind, Fire-whisperer."
 Conrick reddened. "That was badly done, Sir."
	"It is no mercy to let a man die of festering wounds."
"I could have healed him. You might have at least allowed me to try."
 Ko turned away from the healer, cleaning his blade with a cloth. 
	A while later, Conrick was still brooding, riding alongside the wagon.
	"I'm s-s-sorry Ko killed the Woodsman," Rif said.
"Your sympathy is a rare untarnished jewel," Conrick said. "I hope age will not robe you of it."
A Flicker guiding a pack mule chimed in. "Ko ought not to have done that. The trees have eyes in Deep Woods and the Woodsmen avenge their own."
The woods whispered and groaned about them as if in agreement. A wind picked up, singing, and Wayden stiffened. The trees swayed from side to side, casting long, dancing shadows. Wayden felt like he could still smell the corpses, even though they had travelled far from them by now. 
Swiftrider yelled. "More bodies! Flickers this time. Hurry, one is breathing."
	Conrick spurred his horse, leaving their wagon in a cloud of dust. By the time they caught up, Conrick was crouched over a Flicker, examining his wounds. The rest of the squadron of soldiers lay as decimated as the Woodsmen had been. Their bloody robes bore the Helesian emblem: a silver dragon in front of a white sun, but silver and white had drowned in a sea of red. 
Wayden recalled Dade's argument with the Draconess over purchasing the troops better armor.
Ko ordered the survivor set into the wagon. "Tend him as we ride, we have no time to waste."
"It's not wise to move him yet-" Conrick said.
"Move him on the wagon. Now." 
The Flickers obliged.
"Gently!" Conrick shouted. His face flushed, as he clambered into the wagon, and stripped the bloody cloak from the injured soldier. His wound beneath was a weeping red sore. Wayden fought back the urge to vomit, trying to be as brave as the healer.
 "Can I help?" Wayden asked Conrick, but it was the wounded Flicker who responded, his voice barely a whisper. "My necklace. It helps me. Put it on me." 
	Wayden glanced around, but no one else seemed to have heard the man. Conrick was fetching honey, lard, and muslin from a supply basket. 
The Flicker opened his hand. Between bloody fingers a golden necklace emblazoned with a leaf rested in his palm. The chain had been cut in half, but Wayden bound it together around the man's neck. Instantly, color returned to the man's face.
 "A leaf. The symbol of the Immortal Bantos," Kolram said.
The wound closed and healed itself before their very eyes. The man clutched the necklace in a closed fist. 
	Conrick turned back around to apply gauze, and froze, a look of astonishment widening his features. "You must be a Descendant of an Immortal to heal like that. Amazing. What's your name?" 
	"They call me Dragonclaw," the man said, pulling his blood-matted silver hair back into a pony tail. "Anyone have something to drink? I have quite a thirst."
	Rif handed him a water skin. Dragonclaw took a sip and spat it out. "What the wraith - are you trying to poison me? This is water!"
	Conrick laughed and handed the man a wine skin.
Wayden whispered to Dragonclaw. "Don't mention your necklace to Ko our leader. Don't let on that you've healed completely. He's not to be trusted."
Dragonclaw nodded. "Thanks, boy."
	 At twilight, they arrived at South Watch. Four towers rose from the corners of the wooden palisades. The planks on the southeastern tower had suffered scorching. Men on scaffolding removed blackened timbers and replaced them with freshly hewn logs. 
	A Flame strode out of the postern gate, flanked by half a dozen Flickers and a female healer in flowing yellow robes. The Flame's eyes sought Dragonclaw. 
	"Fire-Whisperer, thank you for returning one of my men."
Conrick and the healer woman helped Dragonclaw from the wagon. Dragonclaw, feigning weakness, rested his arm helplessly across the healer woman's bosom. She repositioned his arm quietly.
"Did you see sign of the rest of the squadron?"  the Flame asked Ko.
	"Dead. A few leagues down the north road. Ravaged by Sky Raiders." Ko showed the Flame the parchment with the Dracon's seal. "We are on a mission of the utmost importance. Have you seen a dragon?"
	"Only Dragonclaw left, of my entire scouting party?" The Flame paled. "They were two dozen of my best. Did you bury them?"
	"None of them asked for a burial, or seemed to mind that we didn't waste crucial time giving them one. I'll repeat myself. The dragon. Have you seen her?"
	"You didn't bury them?"
	"Are you deaf, stupid, or insubordinate? If you force me to repeat myself one more time, I'll have you trialed by fire."
	The Flame turned to one of his men, a gangly man in the blue cloak of an Ember-ranked soldier. "Take two units and a wagon to bring the bodies back."
	The Ember nodded and waved to several Flickers who began readying the wagon. Ko's face reddened. 
"These delays are insufferable. I'll ask you one last time-"
 "You already asked me one last time. Aye, we saw the dragon. What do you think scorched our walls? A late autumn thunderstorm?"
	"Which way did she fly?" 
	 "South by South-East. Cat-like face, just like the mother of Volkanus in the paintings. Young. Not much bigger than a warhorse, white as Tulkarian ivory. A pretty thing."
	"I don't recall asking your aesthetic opinion."
	"I'll waste no more words then, My Lord." The Flame said. "Will you be staying the night? We cannot house all your soldiers, but they can sleep in our bailey. We can clear a room for you in one of the towers."
	Ko shook his head. "I'll sleep with my men. How about the Sky Raiders? Any sightings of them?"
	"Got a pigeon today as a matter of fact saying winged wolves were sighted over Edgewater. They didn't attack though, just flew past."
	"That will be all for now. Open your bailey."
	"Open the gates!" The Flame called.
	"The Dracon will hear how you questioned my orders," Ko said. 
	"As you say, Sir."  The Flame spurred his horse back through the portcullis.
 "We should turn back on the morrow," Swiftrider said to Ko after, "The Dracon ordered us back by the ninth. If we run into delays, we risk missing the deadline."
Wayden wasn't sure what to hope for. Which option was worse-being dragged in front of a dragon or being thrown in a prison? As usual, his options seemed to range from bad to worse.
Ko glared at the Dragon Knight. "The Dracon gave us a parchment with his emblem on it bearing orders to bring back a dragon. No deadline was mentioned."
"Orally, it was."
"A codex-stamped message is what I'll abide by. I'll brook no more arguments."
	That night the temperature dropped sharply. Wayden, Rif, and Night huddled together. Breakfast was hardtack in the wagon before sunrise. South Watch shrank away as the horses clip-clopped south east. They rode past a busy lumber camp on the river. Logs were being poled downstream.
They rode for a notch longer, up and down hills and valleys. Flurries thickened into light snowfall, but then tapered off again by midday. An ancient stone ruin slumped under a cliff face, the remnants from some ancient civilization or tribe. A huge mirror tree grew over what had been the temple entrance. Its bark was flecked with crystals, glittering in the sun, an ancient arched doorway nestled beneath its roots, though the walls around the door were all but gone. A thumping sound, as regular as a heartbeat, resonated faintly from below their feet.
 "That's a temple of Bantos," Swiftrider said. "Back in the day, the Druids studied and practice Grower Magic there."
"What's Grower Magic?" Wayden wondered.
"Tis a form of enchantment more common in Tulkar than in Helos," Kolram said. "They control foliage with their power."
"What happened to Bantos?" Wayden asked, his stomach heaving, as the wagon rolled over a root.
"No one knows," Kolram answered. "He was the first Immortal that disappeared. Many assume Centuron captured him, like she did with Asgaroth, Dragonking, and the Shadow Queen, but his body was never found. Others say he is still around today, posing as a beggar, and if you throw a coin in his cup, he'll grant you three wishes."
Wayden watched the temple shrink into the foliage as they rode away. He wished they could stop and look at the temple. He felt drawn to it, and his rear end was sore from riding. He'd told them from the start he could no more capture a dragonthan the sun, but would they listen?
If they were going to throw him in prison, they might as well take him to the Red Palace and be done with it. It would still be better than endless riding. Or would it? If this was tedious, what would it be like spending day after day behind iron bars? At least here he could taste fresh air, see the fireworks of leaves exploding from the trees, feel the cold wind of freedom. When he was young he'd seen a Glower mage street performer dragged off for putting on a show without authorization. Had she been sitting in a prison cell all this time? And for what? Entertaining children was such a terrible offense? And Rif's mother hadn't even done that.
"We should make a run for it," Wayden whispered to Rif and Night. "I don't want to end up in the Dracon's prison."
"I thought they said we w-w-won't be if we bring back the dragon."
"I don't think I'll be able to do it. Kolram couldn't control Volkanus."
"This dragon is sm-sm-smaller."
"It doesn't matter. Ko doesn't know what he's talking about. Beast Tongues are good with different types of animals. Kolram is generally better with warm-blooded animals."
"Run or stay, it won't matter," Night said. "You won't end up in the Dracon's prison. You'll end up in Gar's."
Wayden's skin prickled. 
"What do you mean?" 
"I see you bound to a tall tree, by the one eyed-vulture. The vulture's chick is with you. Then I see you in the stone nest."
"Gar captures me? When does this happen?"
"Soon."
"Is there any way to avoid this?"
 "All junctures lead to it. Prophecies are slippery fish. Trying to avoid them is often what makes them come true."
Wayden brooded on this as they made camp in a clearing in the center of a heavily wooded area. Flickers established a perimeter of spears. Wayden, Rif, and several Flickers were sent to gather firewood in the twilight.
 They returned just as the sun set, sighing as they unloaded the heavy fuel. Ko and Swiftrider were arguing in loud whispers over some parchment, while Conrick organized freshly picked herbs. Thunderstone had brought back a stag and the smell of roast venison soon filled the air. 
Wayden and Rif huddled close to the fire. If only Ko had allowed them to bring a change of robes. It was too cold to wash.
Wayden craned his head upwards. The cloudless sky was awash with countless stars. The constellation known as the Eye stared at them in heavenly judgment. Rif handed Wayden a piece of hot venison dripping with juices. 
Wayden smacked his lips. "I haven't eaten this well in seven years." 
"I don't think I-I-I've ever eaten this well."
"That soup you and your mother made smelled pretty good."
Rif swallowed.
"Y-y-you Glimpsed that?"  
Wayden leaned in towards Rif and whispered. "Aye. At night when we were sleeping. Gar might have been the better Beast Tongue, but Kolram had the Glimpse."
"G-g-gar wasn't really a better Beast Tongue. He had Raylar's God Weapon, the pearl necklace. It amplifies p-p-power."
Wayden's jaw dropped. 
"This explains much!" Kolram said.
An owl hooted in the dark.
"Are you sure? How do you know that?"
"Pretty sure. R-R-Raylar wrote a tome about the God Weapons."
"Rif, did Arth know what Dakarth and Dracon Niar were doing with Soul-stealing magic?"
Rif ran his finger along one of his seashell beads. "Arth couldn't understand what they were up to exactly, but he m-m-mistrusted them. He kept a lot to himself and fed them as much false information as he dared to."
 "Why did all the souls go into newborns?" Wayden asked.
"The baby's s-s-soul is in a state where it won't resist a second soul's entry," Rif explained. "The two souls become linked." Rif inched closer to Wayden. "Raylar studied wraiths. Wraiths can cohabitate with a host. He applied the same principle."
Wayden poked the fire with a stick. Sparks hissed like angry cats. "So it was Arth's false information stopped them."
"Delayed them for s-s-sixteen years. This is the first Three Moons' Night since our birthday coming up."
"Things didn't go as planned for Dakarth and Niar on Three Moons' Night. They were quite upset about it. But if something doesn't work out the first time, you try again right? By now they have probably gathered the information they need. Rif . . . is Arth the Striker?"
"No. Maybe. I don't th-th-think so. It might be Belok. I thought we had him mentally imprisoned, but I'm not sure." 
"I don't understand. Who's Belok?"
"A year before we were born, Arth returned home to the cottage in Raslo, where he and his sister, Genika, were staying. The door to the cottage was wide open and there were tracks in the snow, footprints and what looked like a sled. Or someone being dragged into the c-c-cottage. The tracks were sprinkled with blood. Arth rushed into the cabin. Belok was on t-t-top of Genika with a knife, st-st-stabbing her."
"Source have mercy."
"Genika was d-d-dying . . . Arth's rage was out of control. Soul-stealing is linked to emotion. Arth had only meant to suck Belok's soul, not Genika's too."
"Wait, so they are all inside of you? Genika with the soul of her murderer?"
Wayden recalled the woman's voice inside of Rif. That must have been Genika!
Rif nodded, tears running down his cheeks. "Arth, Genika, and I- we trap Belok in a mental prison of sorts, but sometimes he escapes and we have to put him back in. He hides in the recesses of my mindscape. It's hard to c-c-catch him."
How terrible it must be to have a murderer hiding in your mind. A murder. Like the Striker. If Belok could get free from time to time, was it possible he was the Striker?
Wayden held his cold hands up over the glowing embers. "Rif . . . the woman who was found dead in the pine grove . . . she was a red-haired woman just like Genika. You were with Big D when he died. You blacked out."
"I don't know what happened!" Rif threw up his hands in distress. "I don't think I k-k-killed anyone. Belok is trapped."
"But you just said sometimes he escapes."
"Yes, but . . . Oh, Source no! What if it is me?"
Wayden studied Rif's face. He looked genuinely upset.
 "Denial can be a powerful obstacle to overcome," Kolram said. "And if this Belok is in his mind, who knows how much he can manipulate Rif."
"Could you do that to me?"
"Possibly. I wouldn't. It's a morally repugnant."
"Just like Belok."
Rif looked close to tears. "Do you think I'm k-k-killing people? How can I stop it? What should I do?"
Wayden rubbed his burn-marked forehead. He exhaled a small cloud into the cold night air. "I don't know."
A Flicker approached. "You two. No talking. Stamp out them coals."
Rif threw dirt on the remaining embers. Wayden laid his head on a pile of crunchy autumn leaves and fallen pine needles. He stared up at the stars. The constellation of the Eye stared back at him. In the distance crickets chirped. A shooting star flew overhead, trailing a tail of gold and blue.
Wayden fought off sleep. He was afraid Belok might take over Rif and kill him in his sleep. When he finally drifted off, he dreamed of being chased by a veiled man with black wings. Wayden climbed through tunnels, through a wood, and into a mire, but still the man pursued. Wayden turned and confronted his assailant, yanking his veil away to reveal Rif. Rif shrank away, but holes opened in the ground all around him. Each hole contained someone: his nanny, his mother, Kazor, Mavik, Big Darius, a red-haired woman. 
Wayden rushed to Mavik's hole. As peered through the depts, he could see through to the other side of the world. 
"Wayden," he heard the voice of his mother call. "It's coming."
 He looked up and saw her, pale as milk, floating in the sky surrounded by a sphere of energy. She clutched a bouquet that was a mixture of red roses and purple arrows. She handed him an arrow. "The dragon. It's coming."
"I can control the dragon, ma. I'm the Dragon King."
"No," said a voice like a roar. "You're not."
Wayden bolted upright, wide awake. 
He heard the dragon's voice again. "I am Harth. I am fire. Beware my wrath."
The sentries looked half-asleep, slumped against their spears. Wayden walked, half in a trance, past the perimeter of half-buried spears that surrounded the camp in a make-shift fence. Swiftrider was on duty, mounted atop of Green Lightning. His scaled horse flicked its forked tongue, its hooves and scaly tail digging grooves into the muddy ground.
 "You're supposed to stay within the fence," Swiftrider said, rubbing his hands together.
The dragon's thoughts felt louder now, closer. "I am claw. I am fire. I am doom. Out of my way Beast Tongue, you are nothing to me."
Wayden's skin prickled. He was now as awake as if someone had poured a bucket of ice water on him.
"Sir Swiftrider!" He stepped towards the Dragonknight. Green Lightning's ears pricked and she snorted. 
 "She nears," Wayden said. "The dragon comes!"
 "Easy, girl," Swiftrider said, steadying his horse. "Are you sure? I don't hear anything. You were just dreaming." 
Wayden reached out with his mind, seeking the dragon.
"Do not try to hold me, Beast Tongue," The dragon thought. "Interfere with me, gnat, and I'll cook you and eat you. You are nothing. I am flame and death. I am Harth."
Ko, from behind the fence of spears, shouted, "What is going on?"
 "The dragon. . ." Wayden said.
But then they heard it. A roar that shook the world. 

Chapter 17			
In the Belly of a Dragon

Yield? You may as well request the hurricane succumb to your breath. - Harth


						-<>- 

Jazlyn parted the silk drapes that enclosed her four-poster bed. A folded yellow note sat upon her goose-feather pillow. Unfamiliar handwriting read: Magi in Plague Room. Your father up to no good. You are in danger. Burn this note. It was signed Rebel.
She read the message thrice, then paced the room. Who could have left it? Her new maid, Ravenna? Impossible, maids weren't literate. Could it have been Gol or Haldur? Neither had access to her room. Verica? Why would she bother with a cryptic note? Org? Now I'm just being ridiculous. Perhaps I shall visit the Plague Room.
"Perhaps," Asgaroth said, "this Rebel wants you to go there, in the hope that you contract the disease and die," 
"Maybe I should die," Jazlyn thought. "Then you would die with me and the world would be safe."
"Safe?" Asgaroth asked. "You are badly misinformed. Do you know who started the Second Dark War? Darius Dragonking. His Sword of Luminosity brought more darkness than light. And your father is as bad as he ever was. You Red-Landers, you're red from the blood on your hands, not the fire in your veins."
 Her head ached as one of Asgaroth's memories pounded through it.
She was Asgaroth now, sitting across a stone table from Darius Dragonking. The fool didn't even realize he had crumbs in his long red beard. He shouted arguments over borderlines as usual. Asgaroth let his two sons, still in their twenties, argue for him. Dakarth and Karsgoth were better at it than he was, even at such a young age. They cared more. Asgaroth was tired of it. The same old argument that went nowhere. 
Asgaroths eyes kept gravitating towards Darius's wife, a mortal of such beauty that the Silver Lady herself had surely sculpted her: sparkling eyes, magic smile, and blonde curls cascading over her delicate shoulders, But the work of art was marred, a bruise inflicted on her eye.
 Darius's work. To hit a woman was despicable. True, Asgaroth craved bloodying the Shadow Queen or the Weaver in battle. To strike a defenseless, mortal woman like this went against the will of the Silver Lady. The Dragonking was a monster. How could Asgaroth have ever looked up to the brute? Darius deserved death, and if his soldiers chose to support him, then they die too. 
Asgaroth's memory faded.
"You loved this Lyssa, didn't you?" Jazlyn thought. "I'm sorry you lost her. Finding out my mother dove into Cook's Lake, calling my name -."
"You dare compare your petty loss to mine? You're a gnat." 
"And you're a voice inside a gnat's head."
"Not for long."
The smugness in Asgaroth's tone prickled Jazlyn's skin. Did the Bone King have a plan to escape? And who'd left the note? How could someone have obtained access to her bedroom? 
Jazlyn went into the main room. Her maid lay sleeping on a divan. 
"Ravenna," Jazlyn said. "I need your assistance."
Ravenna sputtered and sat up, her tousled black hair defying gravity. She blinked sleep from her peach-colored eyes. "What ails My Lady? Is it your headaches again?"
"I require strong tea."
"Yes, My Lady."
"Did anyone enter my chamber today?"
Ravenna filled a kettle from a basin of water. "Not that I noticed, Your Highness. But I'm afraid I sleep most sound."
"I don't trust this Ravenna," Asgaroth said. "I smell a spy."
"And I smell a distrusting dictator who thinks killing people is okay as long as you're just making a monument out of their bones. How could a simple maid conduct espionage and rebellion?"
"Who better to spy than a maid?  Who can overhear lords and ladies talking while being completely invisible in front of your pompous nose."
Jazlyn's insides squirmed. Could Asgaroth be right? 
"Your Majesty?" Ravenna asked. "What ails? You seem to have drifted off."
"I most certainly did not. Ravenna, I don't know much about you. What was your mother like?"
"If it pleases My Lady, I'd prefer not to talk about it."
 "You see? She avoids the question," Asgaroth said.
"Something painful probably befell her mother, "Jazlyn thought. "When I learned my mother died it made me feel . . ."
"Angry?" Asgaroth suggested. "Like you wanted to do something to strike back against the worm that calls himself a Dracon? The snake that calls himself your father? And what if that snake struck down Ravenna's mother as well? Would she do everything she could to bring down the government?"
Jazlyn frowned. It was a possibility. "Ravenna, what thinks you of the manner in which my father rules Helos?"
Ravenna let out a tiny chuckled, before making her face stone again. 
Jazlyn raised an eyebrow. "That was a question, not a jest."
Ravenna placed the kettle over the hearth. "I'm sorry, My Lady. Why ask me? I'm just a maid, and never offer my opinions on matters of weight." 
"Why not? Do maids not have brains?"
"In spades, Your Highness. That's why we don't offer our opinions."
Jazlyn smiled. It was a strange sensation. Her face had grown stiff and masklike. This is the first smile since I found out . . . her smile vanished. She died in boiling water, screaming my name. 
The amulet around Jazlyn's neck grew warm. For a moment, Jazlyn thought she heard a woman's voice whispering, but she couldn't make out the words
"Did you hear something?" Jazlyn asked Asgaroth. "A woman's voice?" 
"Death-speech."
Death-speech was one of the forbidden forms of magic and all such Magi had fled Helos long ago, to places like was the Temple of Shadow and Light in Kaldia. Had Jazlyn heard the voice of the dead? Tension gripped her shoulders. 
A portrait of the Dragonking with his seven beautiful wives hung on the rear wall. Could Asgaroth's Death Speech abilities be affecting her?
"Do you speak to Lyssa using Death Speech?" Jazlyn asked.
A memory of Asgaroth shot through her mind. He was holding back tears, after Karsgoth delivered the news. Lyssa, dead. Beaten to death by the Dragonking. 
"Are you sure he killed her?" Asgaroth asked his youngest son.
"Three of our contacts confirmed it, father," Karsgoth said. 
Asgaroth drew his Sword of Night. It's black metal glittered with lights, like winking stars in the night sky. "Then he shall pay."
The memory disappeared, but Asgaroth's sadness and anger lingered inside Jazlyn, a tide that washed away everything precious.
"I've been led to think of Asgaroth as the monster and Darius the saint, but things aren't that simple," Jazlyn thought.
"The Land of Light- more like the Land of Lies," Asgaroth said.
"I might have learned more sooner had you done more than growl at me when I was little. Why did you spend the first dozen years inside of me silent and sullen?"
"How do you think it feels for me, being in the body of the princess of fire? Being in the palace of the Dragonking?  Looking at his painting, seeing the face of the man who murdered my love? Darius did not love Lyssa. He kept wives like the Sky Raiders keep wolves. She was nothing but chattel to him, and everything in the world to me." 
"You Immortals were not Gods," Jazlyn mused. "You're just fools like us."
"I'm nothing like you." 
"And I thank the Source for that."
"One day, I'll be free of you and then I'll-"
"Tear my bones out?"
"One by one."
"Are you alright, My Lady?" Ravenna asked. "You seemed lost in thought."
Jazlyn faced her maid. "I command you to answer my question honestly and plainly. I won't breathe a word of reproach for any answer besides silence, which I would consider deliberate insubordination."
Ravenna twisted the ends of her long black curls together nervously. After a moment she said, "Very well, but I hold you to your oath, for what I speak might be construed as treason. These arrests of magi are unjust. Your father and others practice magic, and yet they arrest others for doing the same. What's more, it is unwise. The magi are one of the lines of the defense. Imprisoning them is as dangerous as surrendering our arms and dragon. My own parents are now in the pl . . . are in custody."
"It's you!" Jazlyn exclaimed. "You left me the note."
Ravenna paled. "That wasn't me."
"What wasn't you? You never asked what note. And you were about to say Plague Room."
The kettle was hissing. Ravenna tried to pour the water into dragon-enameled tea cups but her hands were trembling.
This is my chance. Vengeance for what was done to my mother. Justice.
Jazlyn took the boiling kettle from Ravenna's hands. "Oh, Ravenna, don't you see? I want vengeance for my mother. I want to be a rebel too."

-<>- 

"The dragon is here," Wayden meant to sound brave, but his voice squeaked. 
"I hear her. The deaf hear her." Swiftrider's brow creased, his eyes narrowed with resolve. His reptilian horse, Green Lightning, flicked her tongue. Mist rose from her scaled snout.
 Several sentries sank to their knees and nocked arrows. Others raised steel-tipped javelins. Wayden shook his head. What good were spears and long bows against a dragon's thick-scaled hide? How would chainmail protect against dragon fire?  In the stories, the knights triumphed, but in the histories it was the dragons.
The wiry she-dragon appeared overhead, morning sun glinting off her white wings. The Flame's description had been accurate: not much larger than a war horse, with a cat-like face. She let out a belch of flame. I hope she doesn't set the forest on fire.
 Every emotion and its opposite raged through his body: dread and excitement, terror and wonder, despair, and hope. Maybe he could control the dragon. Wayden imagined himself on dragon back, Gar Skymaster trembling on his knees below him. Defeating the Sky Raiders by himself wouldn't be impossible with a dragon on his side. He could do it. He just had to believe in himself. 
Wayden reached out with his mind, "By wing and fire I command you. I seize your heart. Your scales are my armor. I wear you." 
When Wayden influenced a rat or a dog, their minds bent like wet clay. The dragon was more like solid brick. "Man Child, your flesh is weak. What are you to Harth? Harth was born amongst earth and fire. Harth's mother's milk was lava. Harth is searer of bones, eater of flesh, and burner of worlds. The man child is nothing." 
"I'm your master. You will yield to me!"
"Yield?" The dragon continued its flight. "You may as well request the hurricane succumb to your breath. Do you expect the mountains to bow to your height? Fire to freeze for you, dead men's blood to re-enter their veins?"
The dragon disappeared behind a gray patch of clouds.
"She's getting away!" Ko shouted. 
 "Getting away?" Wayden shouted. "We're lucky she didn't toast us." 
Ko grabbed at the spear-post fence, like a Tulkarian ape straining at the bars of its menagerie. His silver veil quivered and a vein protruded from his forehead. "Failure is unacceptable. Swiftrider, take the Beast Tongue. Bring back that dragon or don't come back at all."
"Aye, Lord Ko." The Royal Companion pulled Wayden onto Green Lightning. The scaled horse galloped, clawed hooves and spiked tail leaving tracks in the ground and broken foliage in its wake. 
Two other Flickers mounted their palfreys, but they soon fell far behind Green Lightning's cheetah-like pace. The creature leapt over logs, boulders, and streams, swerving between tree trunks, forcing riders to duck beneath low lying branches. Trees whirred by, and Wayden held onto Swiftrider for his life.
"This isn't going to work!" Wayden shouted over the pounding hooves. "The dragon's will is too strong for me. I've tried my best."
"You will succeed," Swiftrider answered, ducking beneath a low-lying hickory branch. "Or Ko will have your hide."
 "I'd rather Ko have it than the dragon."
"Courage, boy." Swiftrider steered Green Lightning around a gray iron-bark tree. The horse leapt a moss-covered log.
"Is this courage?" Wayden wondered. "It feels a bit like madness." 
 "The Royal Companions often confuse one for the other," Kolram said.
Maybe they'd lost the dragon's trail. But then he felt a rush of wind and the smell of sulphur. The dragon was flying straight at them.
 "This is going to hurt!" Wayden thought.
Was this where his destiny lay? In the belly of a dragon? Green Lightning leapt a granite boulder and burst into a brown meadow of dying grass. 
As the dragon grew closer, Wayden balled up all the strength he could muster. "Dragon! Tail, claw, fangs, and flame, you are mine. You will bend like grass to me. I command it."  
 "Puny man child. You will not own a single scale. I feel your wolf riders approaching, but they will avail no better than you did."
"Wolf riders . . . Sky Raiders? Harth, listen to me, you have to get out of here. The leader of the Sky Raiders is a bad man and a powerful Beast Tongue. Don't let him come in range of you."
"Harth is scared of no man."
Wayden could feel Gar's presence now. It was approaching like a storm.
"Please, Harth, listen to me. You must flee." But it was too late. Wayden heard Gar's voice in the dragon's mind. It felt like nothing Wayden had ever experienced, it was like seeing a mountain for the first time, when all one had ever seen before was plains. Gar's power dwarfed Harth's, as Harth's strength dwarfed Kolram's.
"No. . . Impossible . . . such strength. No mortal could possess . . ." the Dragon thought.
	"Flee!" Wayden cried out, feeling the power of Gar's magic seize the beast. 
"Too late," Harth thought. 
"No! Gar can't win."
 Wings beat overhead, furs and feather became the sky. Wayden's stomach clamped. The Sky Raiders had Harth and they'd have him next. 
Wayden shouted to the Royal Companion, "Sir Swiftrider, I've lost. Gar Skymaster has control of the dragon. We have to get out of here."
"Nay. We bring the dragon back with us, or we shall not return at all."
"That's exactly what I'm afraid of."
"The fool won't understand this is a battle we cannot win," Kolram said.
The dragon landed in the clearing, not ten feet from Wayden and the Royal Companion. The dragon's head bowed, her tongue flicked against her lips, and she lay on her wings - all signs of submission.
"Take-" An arrow thudded into Swiftrider's jugular. Blood spurted on Wayden's face and the knight slumped off the side of Green Lightning. Wayden managed to hold onto the scaled horse, even with his eyes closed and his stomach roiling in horror.
"Swiftrider!" Wayden thought. "No! I'm cursed. Death follows me like a dog."
"Remain calm, we have to escape," Kolram said, "Think. You can't control the dragon, but you can control Green Lightning. Get us out of here."
Wayden spread his fingers and turned his wrists skyward. He shouted aloud, "Hoof, and mane, run like thunder, save us from this colossal bl-"
A weighted net sent Wayden sprawling. He tumbled onto pine needle cushioned ground, in a tangle of hemp cord. The scaled horse bolted into the trees, several arrows embedded in her side.
The wolves landed in a circle around Wayden. The more he struggled against the net, the more it snared him in its fiber tentacles. A tall Sky Raider wearing a lacquered goat's mask leapt off a winged wolf. 
Wayden's stomach lurched. The goat man that had taken Mavik had been no nightmare. Here he was in all his horror. Black studded leather covered his body, but no gloves or gauntlets. His hands glowed bright yellow with dancing specks of purple.
"It's Kolram's host," Goat said, examining his hands.
"He's a magic-finder," Kolram said.
Gar Skymaster fingered his necklace. "I thought I felt a gnat pulling at Harth's mind." 
Rif had said Gar's necklace might be Raylar's God-weapon, a power amplifier. No wonder Gar was so powerful. 
"All these years," Kolram said. "I thought I was a failure because Gar was the better mage, but it was all from a God-weapon." 
Wayden squirmed, while muscular Sky Raiders bound and gagged him. He wanted to retch, not so much from the taste of the filthy rag, but from the flavor of failure. A dozen feet away, Gar Skymaster might as well have been a million leagues out of Wayden's reach. 
The Sky Raiders strapped Wayden on a skywolf, its matted fur stinking of dried and frozen excrement. His wrists were bound and fastened to a hemp cord that stretched from the saddle through a leather loop. 	
There was no escape.

Chapter 18 
The Plague Room

It's human nature. We don't acknowledge the world might be about to blow up under us. -Verica

-<>-
Verica 

Verica grit her teeth. Turning to wraith form was as comfortable as jumping into an icy lake in winter. A stinging sensation started at her scar and spread across her body. Within a heartbeat, her body numbed and the pain faded.
 "The things I do for Jazlyn," Verica thought. "Peel off my skin. Rush into labs. Spy on kings." 
 "Why profess doing it for Jazlyn when we both know your motivation is curiosity?" Lukor, the wraith who resided inside of her, asked.
Verica grumbled. Jazlyn was lucky. Asgaroth only tore bones, he wasn't a know-it-all wraith who called you on every half-truth.
It felt strange having no one in the apartment. Her father and his assistant had traveled to Kaldia for a Healer's conclave. Her father left in such a hurry, he almost left without leaving coin or provisions. Luckily, Verica helped herself to some coins from his money bag. She'd been debating for hours on whether or not to spy for Jazlyn, but it all came down to this. She was too curious to ignore it. Things were not adding up. What was the Dracon up to? 
Verica left her apartment. A Mantu servant stared at her. Can she see me? No, she's probably puzzling over how her door opened and closed by itself. Verica stuck to the edge of the stone corridors, making her way past a gaggle of children on their way to the school room and a pair of Flickers making their rounds. 
She reached the gilded gate and passed several more guards as she entered the off-limits area, the Court of Flames. The huge cavernous chamber was nestled in the center of the Red Palace, beneath the crater of the volcano.
On the north side of the room, sat the Burning Throne with a ring of basalt benches surrounding it. On the eastern side, beneath a hanging tapestry of the Dragonking, an acolyte practiced projecting tendrils of fire into the air. Servants knocked on doors, delivering trays of food: slivers of pepper-fried pulled pork and roasted potatoes drizzled with honey. Verica had eaten lunch not an hour ago, but the smell still made her mouth water. Wraith form always worked up her appetite.
 On the southern side, lay the dragon, sleeping. Volkanus's head and wings rose from the deep caldera of boiling lava with every thunderous snore. The dragon rarely left the healing bath these days, and even so he looked terrible. His scales had flaked off in large chunks, and cantankerous boils dappled his raw flesh beneath. His golden eyes fluttered open only for moments at a time. What would become of the Palace if the dragon died? The volcano wouldn't erupt with a dragon feeding off the magma, but without Volkanus nothing stood in the way of an explosion. 
"This whole place could erupt," Verica thought, "yet everyone stands around complacently waiting for the dragon to recover."
"I must admit, I find this surprising myself," Lukor said. "Why is the palace not evacuated?"
"The Splashers claim that when Volkanus dies, he'll be replaced by another," Verica explained.
"But prophecy is an inexact science. Wouldn't it be wise to take precautions?" 
Verica maneuvered past another guard station. "It's human nature. We don't acknowledge that the world might be about to blow up under us. We just go about our business." 
The southern side housed Verica's destination: the Dracon's office. She headed through a wide, obsidian corridor. Verica ran her hands over the surprisingly smooth stone. 
Verica's tutor had told her the Dragonking had dug the palace himself.
"That is a fallacy. The Dragonking did not practice Digger magic. Two millennia ago, Centuron dug the tunnels with earth magic."
"I thought Centuron and Dragonking were enemies?"
"So were Asgaroth and the Dragonking at one point," Lukor said. "Allies turn enemies, and enemies become allies." 
"Is it true that Centuron trapped the wraiths as well as the Immortals?" 
"Centuron's Order of the Guardian trapped me," Lukor said with no hint of bitterness. "That much I can attest to. I cannot say with certainty what happened to most of my brethren, as I was one of the first wraiths to be captured."
"How were you captured?"
"I was sent as an envoy to talk to the Immortals. Dragonking ambushed me, killed the host I was linked to, and Centuron's son trapped me in the sarcophagus."
"I'm sorry."
"I fail to see how it's your fault."
"I just mean I sympathize."
"Why would you do that?"
"I mean . . . never mind! Just leave it!"
The passageway widened as she entered the Royal Chambers, where the highest ranking officials held their offices. She passed Glower magi in white shawls, Lesser Beast-Tongues training wolves or hawks, Fire-Whisperers, dozens of acolytes, servants and guards. She hugged the walls to avoid crashing into anyone like she had with Wayden. She'd been careless then, rushing too fast. If she made a mistake like that now, it could mean her life.
A honeycomb of doorways dimpled the stone walls, each with a different insignia: an armored fist for defense, a golden coin for the treasury, a wolf for the skywolf kennel, a water droplet for Prophet Crow, and the flaming crown marking the Dracon's gilded door. It was engraved with an emblem of a crowned dragon in front of the sun. Two magic-eaters and a pair of Flickers stood at either side of the entrance, along with the largest of the Royal Companions, Sir Oz Strongfist. 
Some claimed the Strongfist family descended from Ozacs, and Verica might have believed it, if his skin were gray. The muscle-bound Dragon Knight stood near seven-foot tall. Verica had made the mistake of watching Strongfist fight in the Choosing and she still had nightmares of the mess he'd made of his opponent.
"You sure the Magic-eaters won't affect me?" Verica thought, eying the slug-like creatures held on chains by Flickers.
"Yes. Raylar's creations interrupt source-derived magic, while wraith form is a biological process-"
"You're like my father. The more you explain, the less I understand."
Fire-Whisperer Dade strode down the corridor and shoved a parchment with a codex seal into Strongfist's gauntleted hands. The Dragon Knight glanced at it, knocked on the Dracon's door. An acolyte answered. "Chief Treasurer Dade seeking access to your Majesty."
"Granted," the Dracon's voice sounded from inside the room.
 Verica entered behind Dade, a shadow within his shadow. She moved too quickly and stepped on the back of the Fire-Whisperer's robes. Dade paused midstride, a puzzled expression travelling across his brow. Verica tensed.
"Something ail, Your Lordship?" Strongfist asked in his deep, booming bass. 
Dade stared right at Verica. Finally, he shrugged. "No, nothing."
Dade entered the Dracon's chamber. Once inside, Verica ducked into a dark corner, near a tall wooden bookshelf, behind a table where two acolytes were writing on parchments with quills. 
The Dracon's quarter was crammed with hundreds of ancient ceramic vases, suits of Dragonknight armor, vials filled with viscous liquids, jewel-encrusted skulls, necklaces strung with coins, drum lutes, colorful cross stitches, thick white furs, and buxom statuettes. Dozens of cabinets, shelves, and chests lined the room and a large closet in the back overflowed with labeled chests and drawers. It looked like her father's lab, packed with a thousand curiosities.
A painting of the Dracon hung from the wall behind the actual tyrant. The artistic rendition portrayed a man trying to looking heroic, arm extended, chin raised, and stilted resolution written on his brow. The real Dracon resembled a bureaucrat. He sat behind a desk, and not upon a warhorse, and he was surrounded with stacks of parchments not epic battle. Niar ceased dictating to his acolytes and looked up at Dade wordlessly.
Dade handed the scroll to one of the scribes. "Your Majesty, the acolyte we suspected was indeed embezzling. My men have accounted for every coin he's taken and it adds up to five hundred and forty."
"You said there were nine thousand gold-bones unaccounted for."
"There are. But it wasn't the acolyte that took them."
"Then who?"
"Perhaps we should talk of this matter in private."
"My scribes are sworn to secrecy. Any word you say in front of them shall not be repeated. Who took the money?"
"You did . . . Your Highness. Here is the proof."
Dade handed Niar yet another parchment.
The Dracon's face reddened. Then paled. Then finally, broke into a a laugh. "Impressive, Dade. You're both smarter and stupider than I thought. I command you not to speak of this to anyone."
"Help me understand why, Sire."
"You over-estimate your importance." The Dracon refastened his golden veil. "The allocation of those resources is classified."
"As Treasurer of the Court of Flames, how can I balance the budget, without knowing where our treasury went?" 
"How can I be expected to govern a country without secrecy?"
The argument had seemed promising at first, but soon went round in circles, until even Verica's foot fell asleep. After a notch, the Dracon dismissed his treasurer. Dade left with one less shadow than he had entered with. 
Remaining quiet proved harder than Verica would have guessed. A sneeze was building up that she couldn't repress. She let it out at the exact moment Oz Strongfist announced, "Beast Tongue, Belza, daughter of Baltoo, Dragon Keeper, and Mistress of wolves seeks entrance!"
"Yes. Yes," the Dracon said in an exasperated voice. "Is everyone determined to visit me today?" 
 Belza pulled up a chair across from the Dracon, her shock of red hair swaying like a burning bush. "Your Majesty, the chase for the dragon is on. The Beast Tongue and Swiftrider are in pursuit."
Verica perked up at this. Another dragon? 
"I thought Volkanus was the last of his kind," she directed her question to Lukor.
"Clutches of dragon eggs are laid as deep underground as the dragon can hide them," Lukor said, "Sometimes they do not hatch for hundreds of years."
Belza handed a parchment to the Dracon. "Sky Raiders are in the vicinity as well."
"Raylar's Teeth! We have to hope Gar doesn't get to the dragon first. Delay the prisoner transport a day, have the skywolves ready to depart two days prior to Three Moon's Night."
Belza nodded.
"Very well, dismissed," the Dracon said. 
Verica wasn't sure how long her shadow form could last. She had to leave soon, but she had yet to hear anything truly useful.
Oz bellowed, "Chief Prophet Crow seeking access to his Majesty."
"Ah, at last. Enter," the Dracon said. "Crow. What kept you?"
Verica wondered the same thing herself. 
"I apologize for my lateness," the Prophet answered, adjusting his lacquered beak.
The Dracon dismissed the two acolytes. Verica took that as a good sign. When the door closed behind them, the Dracon turned to Crow. "So the two children host Arth and Kolram? It's confirmed?"
"The pigeon came in from Ko a few moments ago. It's confirmed." Crow unfastened his black cloak, but despite the warmth in the room, he left his bird mask on. "Are you sure this is wise, to risk them on this venture with the dragon? If they die, or their return is delayed till past Three Moons' Night, you are denied three powerful magi."
 The Dracon paced the room, almost crashing into Verica. "It's of the utmost importance we acquire this dragon. Volkanus is dying." The Dracon turned and studied his own portrait. "Crow, how old are you?"
"Old enough to know not to say."
The Dracon chuckled. "Well, Crow. You might be too young to remember how bad things were under Dracon Coralis." The Dracon stepped over to a portrait of his father, Terok the Terrible, a huge man with a scowl on his face. He ran his finger across the bottom of the frame. "The man almost brought Helos to ruins. Our military was weak, our coffers bankrupt. Great nobles were destitute and had to dismiss their servants. Even my own father . . ." Niar turned away from his father's portrait and stepped close to Crow. His voice grew so soft, Verica almost couldn't make out the words. "I swore to myself if I were accepted for the Great Choosing, I would run things differently. I would make sure the Drakingdom was as powerful as possible. And that's what I will do no matter what the cost."
"I understand." Crow stepped in front of the door. Verica trembled. Her power was waning, but the prophet was blocked the exit. 
Verica chewed her lip. "I'm going to get caught."
"Not necessarily," thought Lukor, "Perhaps you'll be lucky and the volcano will blow up first."
"I should never have explained sarcasm to you."
Crow stroked his beak. "I saw nothing in the water about you acquiring a new dragon."
"The water doesn't tell all though, does it? What about Dakarth? Do our sources in the Bone Palace have any word for us?"
"Dakarth's planning on freeing his father. He doesn't want his advisors jeopardizing that with any subterfuge. He is aware you have eyes in the Bone Castle."
"Free Asgaroth? But he's inside of Jazlyn," Verica thought. "How do they plan to get him out?"
"Perhaps they have discovered a way of putting Asgaroth's soul into a new body," Lukor said. "Or they have discovered a way of breaking the Guardian field and returning him to his original body." 
The Dracon returned to his cluttered desk, sorting absently through parchments. "Very well then. Dismissed."
Crow bowed and departed, unaware he was followed by a second shadow. 

-<>- 

The Draconess and Jazlyn stood beneath the gaze of a tall Flicker with a silver mustachios. Next to him lounged a second Flicker, short, with traces of greasy-black hair smeared across a balding head. The tall one's chain mesh draped like a tent across his skinny frame and the short one's was tight over his bulging stomach, giving the impression that he was attempting to smuggle a melon beneath his mail. A magic-eater slithered nearby. The horrid creatures always gave Jazlyn ghastly nightmares. She could feel Asgaroth's telekinetic powers being drained by it. Which was a shame, since she felt an urge to tear the bones out of these guards.
The Draconess appeared to feel the same way. "I'm the Draconess! What do you mean I can't enter? 
"It means you can't come in, Your Majesty," said the short Flicker, pronouncing each word slowly. "Enter is a fancy word for come in."
The tall Flicker smacked the back of the short guard's head. "I apologize for my companion's impertinence, Your Majesty. I'm afraid in essence he is correct, however. We must allow no one entrance to the Plague Room by strict order of your lord husband, His Royal Highness the Dracon Niar, leader of Helos-"
"Yes thank you, I know who my husband is." 
But the guard went on unperturbed. "- Son of Terok, First Seat on the Temple of the Third Moon, and first seat upon the Court of Flames, may his ember burn ever luminescent."
"May an ember be forever shoved up his posterior," Jazlyn thought. 
"That can be arranged," Asgaroth said.
"If you want to tear his bones out, I'm all for it."
"Just bring me to him and get rid of the magic-eaters. I'll do the rest."
The offer wasn't without its temptations, but Jazlyn felt her future lay elsewhere than patricide. 
It was infuriating that even the Draconess was being denied access to the Plague Room. Jazlyn had been turned away on an earlier attempt, so she dropped a hint to the Draconess that it would be charitable to visit the sick, not guessing the guards would deny her entrance as well. Still, discovering that the level of security was so high was a type of information as well. 
The Draconess glared at the guards. "I am the Draconess, the highest ranking woman in the Drakingdom. I demand you allow me entrance."
"It's called the Plague Room," said the short Flicker. "It just might be because people have the plague in there."
Or do they? It was becoming clear that the Plague Room was not what it seemed. Doblin had supposedly come down with the plague and was quarantined, yet the day before he'd seemed perfectly healthy. Ravenna's parents had been in perfect health when they were seized. According to Verica, her father had offered to look at the Plague victims, but had been turned away. The Plague Room seemed nothing but an excuse for the Dracon to gather the authorized magi.
The tall guard shook his head apologetically. "What my ill-mannered compatriot is attempting to articulate in his crude, low-brow fashion is that the disease in question is of a highly contagious nature and might pose a threat to her majesty's delicate constitution." 
His translation is harder to understand than the original, Jazlyn mused. He thinks it more mannerly to say no with larger words.
"A servant bearing food left a moment ago. He appeared to be quite alive and well upon his exit," the Draconess said. "As a Descendant of an Immortal, I have never caught a contagion in all my years. I am the daughter of Kero, granddaughter of Borleat, great-grand daughter of Dragonking."
The short guard rubbed his nose. "Yeah, well they can't come in either." 
The tall guard rolled his eyes at his companion. "I am most sorry for my partner's manner, Your Majesty. His heritage is not as noble as your own and sadly more than a little bit lacking. He is the son of a washer woman, daughter of a gambler, and grandson to a whore."
"How come you don't announce that every time I come into the room?" The short guard asked. Turning to Jazlyn he whispered. "He forgot great-grandson of a boiled pig and brother to a chamber pot. Those are allowed in, by the way." 
The tall guard ignored his companion. "His breeding leaves much to be desired, but alas, in essence, his summation is correct. You may not enter."
"Can we just peek in?" Jazlyn asked.
The tall guard bent down on a knee, eye to eye with Jazlyn. He took her hand, and looked at her so tenderly that for half a moment Jazlyn thought he might be preparing to propose. "My dear, I am afraid our orders were quite explicit. No one may, as you say, 'peek'."
"Trust me," the short Flicker said. "There ain't much to see in there."
"No?" Jazlyn asked innocently. "What is there to see in there?""
 "Just a bunch of old people sitting around looking depressed," the short Flicker said, picking at something in his ear.
"So no one in there with . . . say . . . an actual plague?" Jazlyn asked, backing away from a magic-eater that slithered up to the hem of her dress. 
"As for that I couldn't say," the short Flicker said, catching Jazlyn's eye meaningfully. "They seem well enough to me, but what do I know? I'm the great grandson of a mangy stray cat and the half-brother to a dung beetle. Hex me, I can't even tell the difference between a plague room and a dungeon."



Chapter 19 
Fugitives from the Law

There are the wars fought above ground, and worse ones fought far below. -Laeko

-<>- 

Alaina had just given Red Paw a raw piece from the kill, when she felt the Connection spell, grab her gut and tug, hard. After giving her skywolf one last pet, she wandered over to where the burnt boy was bound to a tall, bare-branched, iron-bark tree. 
The Weaver had foreseen this, she realized. 'Free the burnt boy,' the fox-masked Magic-finder had told her. But if she followed that advice, her father would have her executed. How could trust the words of the Woven Ones, anyway?
She shared a bond with this boy though. Zaburn's bond, like she had with Finder and with the slave boy. 
"That means he hosts a grandmaster," Nadra said, "The accursed Beast Tongue."
"How do you know that?"
"You heard him casting the Beast Tongue spell on the horse. Kolram son of Halbreth. My enemy."
A memory of Nadra talking to Kolram by a fountain. He was so handsome with his square jaw and the glint in his blue eyes. Nadra grabbed at him and turned him to her. "Please. I'll change. Kolram. We were promised to each other."
"I'm sorry, Nadra. My heart belongs to another."  Kolram turned away, his red curls swaying with the movement.
 "Our marriage had been arranged by the Court of Flames. You defy a holy edict!"
"So be it."
"The Guardian witch has enchanted you."
"On that we can agree."
Nadra yanked the memory away angrily, but Alaina pushed deeper into Nadra's memory. The scene changed, Nadra stood before Kolram and Solita's two-story house in Adonia. Nadra sent a curl of flame from her lips, encircling the newly wed's house. Flames leapt up in the windows. Kolram leapt out a window, Solita in his arms.
Nadra, cackling, rode off on her winged wolf.
Alaina gasped. "You burnt their house down! You're insane." 
"Fire will wreak its vengeance, something a weak frog-skin like yourself can't understand."
No matter how many times Nadra used the derogatory term Frog-skin for Mantus, it still cut at Alaina. She hated hosting Nadra, but there seemed no way to be rid of her. Once Alaina had once asked her father how Nadra came to reside in her and if there was a way to get her out. Gar slapped her. "You talk about it one more time, and I'll have your tongue cut out." Her loving father. 
The noise of drunken debauchery carried through the night. Over by the bonfire, her father fondled two Sky Raider wenches. Her father disgusted her.
"Of course he disgusts you- he's a barbarian," Nadra said. "All your people are." 
If only she could prove Nadra wrong, but all around her, the other Sky Raiders behaved similarly or worse.
Alaina slumped against a boulder. Thank the Source for Red Paw. The wolf put its head in her lap. Alaina ran her hand over the beast's furry back, scratching between her folded wings.
Finder's words kept passing through her mind: 'Free the burnt boy. Remember the four thousand bones. Save Laeko.' What did it all mean?
Voices carried across the night air. Alaina drew closer when she heard them mention her name. 
"How is his daughter a Mantu?" a woman asked. "Gar don't look like a Frog-skin." Alaina recognized it as the voice of one of the Sky Raiders camp followers.
"A half-Mantu. Her mum's side," said a male Sky Raider warrior. "The Frog Queen Bitch died in the birthing. The whelp killed her own mother, so she be cursed."
It wasn't the first time Alaina had heard of her birth, and her mother's passing, but the words stung anyway. Her mother had been an exiled Alatian Princess. 
 I've killed my own mother and let Laeko be imprisoned, the only ones whoever loved me.
"Assuming your mother loved you," Nadra thought. "For all you know it may be a blessing you killed her."
Alaina moved, inadvertently snapping a twig. 
"You be hearin' somethin'?" the Sky Raider male asked.
"Let's get out of here," the woman said, followed by the sounds of brush crunching.
"You should talk to the burnt boy at the least," Nadra advised. "Kolram might have information for us. I know you are as eager to find a way to be free of me, as I of you."
Alaina stared at the boy tied to the elm. He was thin as a rail, burn-mark on his forehead quivering, tears streaking his dirty cheeks. 
And he might just be her only hope.

							-<>-  

Mavik's breath was a frozen cloud lit by firelight, his whispers solidified by the cold night air. "We need to be gone by Three Moons' Night." 
The other slaves were gathered huddled around a second larger bonfire, nearer the center of the ring of slave tents. Mavik had started a smaller fire, so he and Emerelda could talk alone. The vine tattoo's on her face danced in the fire's glow with each word she spoke. "And your vision be showin' me opening up a doorway? In this anvil?"
Mavik nodded. "You were touching it with the energy snakes and a door opened in it."
The new slave, Laeko, approached. Her hair was gray, and her skin wrinkled, but her eyes gleamed with a vibrancy that seemed to dispel the darkness. "May I sit?"
Mavik patted the log beside him, scooting closer to Emerelda to make room. "Please." Laeko was the oldest Sky Raider Mavik had ever seen. Even her wrinkles had wrinkles. Warts dappled her forehead and chin. "May I ask, why you were imprisoned?" 
 "You may," Laeko answered, "And you have."
Mavik waited for an answer, and then realized her jest. "Well then, I ask it."
"Gar had a statue made of himself, sculpted and erected in the Hall of the Ancients, and had the statues of the Weaver and the Wolf Woman thrown out off the side of the Nest." 
"Ah, so that's how that statue ended up in the woods." Mavik said. "I saw the remains of it while collecting firewood."
"I denounced Gar's foolishness," Laeko continued. "That was the excuse I used to get placed here, but truth be told, I need to be here. Crucial junctures are approaching."
"You're a Splasher?"
"I don't use anything as insubstantial as water for my prophecies," Laeko said. "I'm a descendant of the Weaver. We use threads to see the future." 
"Strand Prophets, friends of devils and demons, cursed be their darkness," Jijari said.
Laeko pulled out a piece of fabric. A thousand images were woven into it, but her wrinkled finger pointed to a green circle surrounded in a halo of darkness. "Three Moons Night." Then her finger moved back to a second image, a crossroad of light threaded with crisscrossing golds and orange threads. "This is a day before, a juncture." Then her fingers moved to a third image, prison bars under a vulture's nest. Her finger moved again, pointing to a red-haired boy and a blonde girl placing a gleaming snake against a black Anvil.
"Same thing you be seein' Mav," Emerelda said.
Laeko nodded. "The Source is the Source no matter whether tapped by strands or the fluidity of water. You need to leave tomorrow."
"Can you see how we be gettin' out of the camp?" Emerelda asked.
"Kava root," Laeko said. 
"Kava root?" Mavik repeated. "Is that a riddle?"
"It's the sort of riddle you slip into someone's drink." Laeko shuffled over to a bush and pointed. "Dig up that Kava bush and get me the root, eh? We'll grind it and make a nice draught. Sometimes guards sleep, eh?"
Emerelda nodded. "I should have been thinkin' of that. Our druid used to be usin' that sometimes."
"Thank you, mistress. Do you want to come with us?" Mavik asked.
Laeko chuckled. "What did you see in the water? Did you see yourselves carrying an old lady while running towards the Anvil?"
Mavik blushed. "Well, no." 
"My path lies elsewhere. Don't you worry about old Laeko, eh? The Weaver's webs will catch me." Laeko tapped the side of her nose, a superstition to ward off bad luck. "Be careful, young ones. Dark things live and die in the Fist. There are the wars fought above ground, and ones fought far below."

-<>- 

Verica jumped as the Dracon slammed his fist against the top of his desk. The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated. They seemed to be staring straight through Verica's shadow-form.
 This was her third attempt at spying. The last time had been a dismal failure. But, as the saying went, the third try brings either gold or death. She was hoping it would be the former. 
"In my experience, boring can often be preferable to exciting," Lukor said.
"Aye, you're the King of Boring, Lukor."
"Thank you . . . I think."
The Dracon slammed his fist on his desk. "Gar snatches the Beast Tongue right from my hands, and now the burglar expects the robbed to pay."
"Won't we?" Crow asked.
The Dracon stood and paced, the pleated fringe of his long red robe sweeping past Verica's feet. "We have no choice. It galls, but in the long run, it will not matter. Gar will get his just reward come Three Moons' Night."
Crow adjusted his beak. "Well about that, Your Majesty. Gar wants reassurance that he won't end up like the other magi in your sacrifice."
"Curses upon curses. What type of reassurance?"
"The Daughter Draconi must be in his custody before the ceremony. He demands we send her right away."
"You were right," Verica thought, her stomach churning with worry. "Boring is good." The animal masks on the wall seemed to nod in agreement. Verica swayed, then caught herself. Her Source energy was waning.
"The Skymaster knows Jazlyn will have to be cut for Asgaroth to be released," the Dracon said.
"He does, but cut is not killed, Sire. Jazlyn's presence will insure Dakarth's good behavior as well as your own. After all, she's your daughter and the host of Dakarth's father."
The Dracon lifted a figurine of a young girl. "He thinks I'll not sacrifice Jazlyn, but I'll do what's necessary. My father called me worthless. My older brother was far better in everything." His face grew as red as his veil. "But now that my brother and my father are dead, it is up to me to be the strong. A leader makes sacrifices for the good of the many and I'll sacrifice whomever gets in my way."
"Hypocrite," Verica thought. "Jump into Cook's Lake, if you want to do Helos some good."
"Still," Crow strode straight towards Verica and stopped. "You'll have to do without the Skymaster's Beast Tongue abilities. Besides Gar commanding a small army, there is the fact that Dakarth will not take kindly to Asgaroth's host being slain."
"True. True. Well, I must not be too greedy. A hundred magi's powers will have to suffice. After Three Moons' Night, we'll see if Gar is still laughing." The Dracon adjusted a statue so it was even more crooked than before. "We continue as planned. Tonight round up the rest of the magi." 
"You still want to include the Draconess and Dade?"
"We've been over this. You tell me it is a risk, and I tell you it would be more dangerous to leave them a force unchecked. Arguing it a third time won't change my mind. The evidence is ready?"
"It's been arranged. It will be revealed that the Draconess and the Dade have been plotting a mutiny." Crow paused. "I'm sure it wasn't necessary, Your Majesty, but I hope you'll forgive me that I kept evidence that it's a fraud, in case you're thinking of adding me to the sacrifice. Should anything sudden happen to me, incriminating information would come to light."
A vein throbbed in the Dracon's forehead. His knuckles turned white, pressing against the desktop. Then his expression softened, and he laughed. "Well played Crow. Your cunning is second only to my own. So be it. Let it begin!"
"Very well. I shall alert the Fire Guard to begin the round up." 
Crow opened the doorway, giving orders to Oz Strongfist and the Flickers. If Strongfist's face remained passive, as if the Dracon were ordering a salver of pepper fry instead of the imprisonment of the Draconess.
Verica chewed her lip. She had to reach Jazlyn before they did. The tips of her shoes were reappearing from fading shadow. She had to sneak past Crow and the Dracon before she was caught. She edged along the wall, nearing the exit. The Dracon froze mid-stride, eyes on Verica's shoes, which had completely rematerialized. 
The Dracon stared. "How did those . . .is that . . . Berik's. . ."
 Verica seized hold of a corner of a mid-sized cabinet and tried to pull it. It didn't budge. She put all her weight onto it. She strained and it tipped. Knick-knacks, manuscripts, and musical instruments rained onto the Dracon. A Tulkarian string harp hissed in atonal protest as it struck the stone floor.
"By the Silver Lady's Chalice!" shouted Crow. 
The Dracon was pointing at Verica, looking shocked. "Berik's . . . daugh-"
"Berik? Does Your Majesty require a healer?"
"The half wraith . . ." the Dracon gasped. 
Crow moved to help the Dracon while guards rushed in. There was a narrow gap now. Verica rushed through it - and tripped on one of the fallen knickknacks. She skidded across the stone floor, feeling her skin burn. 
Strongfist's great stride took the Dragon Knight straight over her, but one Flicker still stood in the doorway, his legs spread. Verica scurried ungracefully through the gap between the guard's greaves, and shot out, racing like the winter wind.
She could see her own knees, her cuffs, her fingertips. It was strange watching her disembodied nails, Jazlyn had painted them red and orange, floating through the air. She tried to remain calm as she dashed through oncoming Flickers and Fire-Whisperers, who hurried towards the yells from the Dracon's quarters. 
She sprinted around a corner and collided with a Mantu servant whose dislodged dishes clattered against the stone floor. Verica continued her mad dash.
 "Running won't work," Lukor said. "You need a new plan."
Verica looked down and saw Lukor was right. Her entire lower body was visible. As she turned another corner, she spied the door to a supply room. She ducked inside, just as the sound of boots pounded around the corner. 
 The closet contained bundles of rushes, boxes of lye soap, brooms, brushes, buckets, and bags of sweet smelling herbs. The rest of Verica's body reappeared. An alarm horn blew in the distance and muffled voices shouted,
 It wouldn't be long before someone searched the supply room. She left the supply room by a rear door, walking at a brisk pace. 
Two Flickers approached. Her forehead felt slick and her shoulders tightened. Verica waved at them, shouting, "You're needed at the Dracon's!" They nodded and rushed past her. 
"Well done," Lukor said.
"The Dracon knew it was me. He said Berik's daughter."
Verica's stomach twisted. She was in as much trouble as Jazlyn. They were going to be taking the Draconess, Dade, Jazlyn, and who knew how many others into custody. She had to warn Jazlyn, and they had to get as far from the Red Palace as possible. Maybe Verica could find her father at the Healer's Conclave? No, that would be the first place they would look for her.
 A heavy sadness settled over Verica as she realized she might never see her father again. He hadn't been the best father, but he was the only one she had. She would miss him, as well as their servants, like the cook, Ec, and her delicious lemon biscuits. There was nothing she could do about it now. She and Jazlyn were fugitives from the law. 

Chapter 20 
The Shadows Inside

The shadows found me a long time ago. -Rif

-<>-  
	
"No sign of the Beast Tongue, alive or otherwise." Sir Thunderstone lived up to his name, booming as loud as thunder, hard as stone. "Gar must have him or else the Woodsmen got him. Either way he's gone."
Rif's heart sank. It was too much. His father and sisters taken by the slavers, his mother by the Red Guard, Kazor eaten by scagazi . . . and now Wayden too.
"A good riddance to him," Arth said. "Kolram is no friend."
"He tried to help you," Genika said. Arth's sister's presence in his mind had been getting stronger of late. Her calming influence helped them all.
"His eyes were spy's eyes," Belok's soft voice sent snakes of ice slithering down Rif's spine. "You should have given him the gift."
Rif jumped. Belok- how could he have escaped? He, Genika, and Arth had trapped Belok in the mindscape. Rif thought they trapped him a dozen times. It was like trying to drown a cork.
"Focus," Arth said. "We can imprison him again. Breathe."
Rif pictured a peaceful place: a Tulkarian waterfall: fronds of broad-leafed tropical plants on the banks, waterbirds with stripes of pink and gills of orange, strutting with chests puffed out. Then the birds scattered, half diving into water, and half shooting up to the tree tops. Out from the fronds came a silver tiger- with a veined forehead and cold gray eyes - the face of Belok.
 "Breathe," Genika said. "Stay calm."  Her voice warbled, betraying her message. Having her killer inside the mindscape with her . . . it was hard. He could sense Genika employing the Alatian meditative technique: three short breaths, followed by a long one.
Rif tried the technique himself, but his breaths came out ragged and tight. Somehow Belok made Rif forget the most basic of instincts. Fear was Belok's knife, and he used the weapon formidably. 
"Don't give in," Genika said. Her voice sounded calmer this time, and that gave Rif courage. If she could be brave in the face of her own murderer, then surely Rif could do the same.
Short, short, short, long. He saw the mindscape. A silver tiger chased Genika and Arth through a Tulkarian jungle. Rif charged in, imagining spears which suddenly appeared in Genika and Arth's hands. The two of them drove the tiger into a bamboo cage. Rif slammed the door shut with his mind. 
A hand grabbed Rif's shoulder, jolting him from the mindscape. Mistress Night leaned over him. The remains of a campfire smoldered. How long had he been in the trance? He must have been an odd sight.
"Are you alright, dear?" Mistress Night asked.
"Just a h-h-headache."
Her gnarled hand thrust a root at Rif. "Suck on this. It'll help your headache. And your fears. Don't worry dear. The shadows will be coming for us soon." 
 "The Shadows are inside me," Rif thought. "The Shadows found me a long time ago."
The Flickers had found the corpses of Swiftrider and Green Lightning. The skywolves left just enough to be recognizable. They'd searched for Wayden for half a day. 
Ko cursed so loudly his veil fluttered.
 "Your holiness, we must return," Healer Conrick said. "We'll be hard pressed to make it back by the Dracon's deadline."
"Curse of the Faceless," Ko said. "Scouts, forward. Archers, rear guard. Troops, flanks. Fall in."
The clink of boots and the snorting of horses filled the crisp fall air. Gray clouds overhead mirrored Rif's mood. Rif had expected a Flicker to come riding in bearing Wayden on the back of his horse. But now they were leaving, and his friend was gone. Rif's ribs compressed, as if his whole being was being sucked inwards into a whirlpool of despair.
The wagon about-faced northwards, drawn to the distant volcano like iron to a lodestone. The air grew colder, star-like flakes descended, gracing the branches with a crystalline embrace.
On the second day of the return journey, a faint rumbling noise caught Rif's ear. The noise was familiar. Claws striking rock, tearing through sand, pushing upwards, clay swirling. It was sound that had been haunting Rif's nightmares since the last harvest.
"Sc?sc?.scagazi!" Rif yelled. Pincers burst through the lightly snow-dusted ground. 
Thunderstone drew his blue sword, shouting, "For Helos!"
Trembling, the Flickers readied their spears. Thunderstone's blade cleaved through a gap in the scagazi's exoskeleton, severing its neck from its body. The head rolled through the mud and landed by Rif's foot, the creature's cavernous eyes staring into his own.
"Scagazi attacks are rare. Twice can't be a coincidence," Genika said.
"Someone is sending them after Rif," Arth said. "Someone who wants to stop me . . ." 
A heavy force knocked Rif off the wagon, hard ground slamming into him. Pincers gripped him and the acrid smell of Scagazi assaulted his nostrils. The compound eyes on the creature's wasp-like head loomed over him.
Rif's hands were pinned, making the gestures needed for magic use impossible. The beast leaned forward, mandibles like black daggers aimed towards his throat. Rif prayed, "Bantos, forgive me my wrongs."
"And who will forgive Bantos for what he has done to us?" Arth said.
A sensation of burning heat surprised Rif. A whip of flame barreled into the scagazi, searing the brown-skin black. The creature gripped its neck, and Rif rolled loose.
The creature smelt like burnt meat. Ko turned and whispered again, his flame pouring from his mouth, enveloping a second scagazi who shrieked in a high-pitched whine.
Rif scurried behind a thicket, and away from the heat of battle and fire. He kept his head down, listening to the howls and screams, thumps and curses. 
 "Steal their souls," Belok urged. "Grant them the gift, then disappear into the woods."
How had the silver tiger broken free again, so quickly? But even as he asked himself, he realized the answer. Rif had opened the bamboo cage himself. His fear had called to Belok.
"Belok is right this time," Arth said. "Kill. They want to imprison you."
"No!" Genika said. "Flee, but do not kill." 
Rif struggled up a wooded hill, dodging between tree trunks.
 "Men!" Ko's voice boomed. "The soul thief is bolting. Catch him!"
Rif ran faster, noises growing closer and closer behind him: men's voices, crunching bramble, and clinking metal. Reaching the summit, he raced down the hill. A root grabbed his foot, and Rif fell into a murky brook, slamming into rock. Icy water embraced him. Rif pulled himself to his feet, when someone barreled into him knocking him back down. A sharp stone dug into his leg and Rif swallowed a mouthful of water. He pulled his head up, gasping for air. Thunderstone's silver boots were aligned with Rif's eyes. 
"Ungrateful little bugger," Thunderstone bellowed. Gauntleted hands shoved Rif back into the water. The burbling and coldness of water enveloped him, the Dragonknight's armored hand counteracting buoyancy. His lungs burned. He resisted an urge to breathe, willing his lips to remain sealed. They betrayed him. He breathed mud and water.
"No. Help me," Rif thought.
"Let me," Belok thought. "I can give Thunderstone the gift."
 Thunderstone yanked him back out. Rif gulped for air, struggling to get away. Thunderstone must have slipped, for he lost his balance and fell on his ass. Rif shot up and ran. Thunderstone's curses and heavy steps dogged him, growing closer and closer. 
Rif leapt into the branches of a scrappy pine tree. The branch he clung to cracked, and he dangled helplessly. He wasn't high enough to escape the big knight's reach. Thunderstone grasped Rif's ankle, slamming him into hard ground. The Dragon Knight leered, his face a mixture of cruelty and anger. 
"Suck his soul," urged Arth. 
"But don't kill him," Genika said. "Just enough. Stay calm. Anger makes the power unstable."
"Weak," Belok thought. "You can't half way open a bottle. Let him drink deeply from the Silver Lady's cup."
The Source burned to the surface, beneath his eyelids, a fire in his veins. He gestured and the Dragon Knight gagged, his soul mist clinging to his lips. Thunderstone fell to the ground. He grabbed Rif's leg and squeezed. Anger raged inside Rif.
"Stay calm," a woman's voice said, but it was faint, distant.
"Let me give his gift," Belok thought. "It's simpler this way."
Tears raced down Rif's cheeks. Life was so hard. Everything had gone wrong for him from the beginning. If he just let go, then Belok could do what needed to be done. Rif was weak, but Belok wasn't. 
"I'll just let go for a moment," Rif thought.
"No! Rif, you have to fight him!" Genika said. "Breathe. Picture a peaceful place. A time when you were happy."
Rif pictured the beach on the Tulkarian Sea where he and his family used to live. The massive frame of his father towering over his sinewy sisters, all three with their long purple hair, fishing from a log boat.
His elder sister pushed the younger in. They laughed. His mother had a fire going on the shore, and the scent of roasted rain fish wafted through the humid air.
 Rif entered the tepid waters with his net and harpoon, the undertow pulling at his ankles. Something cold wrapped around his ankle and pulled. His world became salt and sand as he went under. He was eye to eye with a lake kraken. No, not a kraken. It had tentacles, but its face . . . veined with gray eyes. It was a face that Rif had seen many times, seared in Arth's memory, stabbing his sister over and over again.
Blackness enveloped Rif.
 He awoke, hacking water from his lungs with violent exhales. For a moment, he thought the water was from the Tulkarian Sea, but it tasted fresh and cold. He lay in the brook Thunderstone had tried to drown him in. Somehow, he'd rolled down the hill back into it. His leg bled where a sharp stone had slashed him.
Where was Thunderstone? Rif turned. The Dragonknight was sprawled on his back beneath the tree Rif had climbed. His head was turned sideways, lifeless eyes staring into Rif's. 
Rough hands grabbed Rif. A Flicker shouted, "Wraithing Tulkarian took out Thunderstone." 
The cold iron of manacles clamped Rif's wrists.
 Conrick fingered the side of Thunderstone's neck. The portly healer shook his head. "He's gone."
Gone. 
With that simple word Rif felt like his head had been shoved underwater again. If he had slain the Dragon Knight, that meant he'd killed the others as well. Thunderstone, Big Darius, they weren't the nicest of fellows, but they didn't deserve to die. And what of all the others? That poor red-haired woman at the pine grove. The girl by the fishmonger's. The little girl by the well. He could still see her freckles. She couldn't have been more than ten. He'd killed her. He was the Striker. 
"I should let the scagazi kill me," Rif thought. "I should let Ko throw me in prison."
"It's Belok," Genika said. "We have to learn to find a more permanent way to imprison him."
"You killed me." The voice of Thunderstone boomed from inside Rif. "You bastard!"
"And me as well," said an angry woman's voice, shriller than Genika's. "You killed me."
"He didn't mean to," said a young girl's voice. "It was Belok."
That stabbed worse than one of Belok's knives. A young girl, an innocent. He'd murdered her. It was as if a dam had broken open, and now the memories poured out. The voices emerged like corpses from a graveyard in the stories of Necromancers. The girl's face turning blue. Tears streamed down Rif's face. I'm losing my mind.
"Make sure the ropes are firm, Ember Timeons," Ko said. "I want you and Ambrose on him at all times. Be a good man, and make sure the boy doesn't leave us all corpses, would you?"

Chapter 21 
The Rope

Will your sanctimoniousness help you sleep tonight? - Alaina
-<>- 

The rope was his enemy. Wayden imagined it a vengeful snake, which punished his attempts to escape by constricting, biting into his wrists till they were sore and raw. His back was thrust against a knot in the elm tree which dug between his shoulder blades. It was as if the world had become his enemy, mocking him.
	Harth looked no merrier. The dragon lay staked and tethered, a dozen paces away. Her cat-like face rested in the mud, lower jaw bearded in grime. She could have snapped her ropes with ease, but Gar's magical bonds were less easily overcome.
The aroma of burning herbs, roast boar, and rabbit wafted over the bracken of Deep Woods from the bonfire. It had been a day since he'd dined on venison with Rif, and the Sky Raiders had yet to feed him. 
The sounds of goblets clinking, bottles shattering, men shouting, and laughter filled the night air. How could the guilty be happy, and the innocents be dead or captured? Why did the Source do nothing?
The camp was as barbaric as he imagined. To his left, two young Sky Raiders stumbled into the brush with a wineskin. To his right, a game of swordplay degenerated into a wrestling match. One of the drunken fighters, a tall human male, pricked a male Mantu. The Mantu threw down his sword and charged the man. It looked like they were hugging except a bloody point of a blade protruded from the Mantu's back. The man dislodged his dirk from the Mantu, letting the corpse drop onto the cold ground. He wandered back to the bonfire, drenched in blood. "I just killed Elkar. Give me some wine." 
Roars of approval met this announcement. One Sky Raider said, "Never liked that wraithin' frog-skin."
	For a while, Wayden was alone, except for the hemp snakes, digging into his flesh with their fiber fangs. He fought the urge to cry. Heroes don't blubber. Even if they felt like it. Even if they needed to. He'd clench his anger like a knife and when the opportunity came, he'd thrust into the slimy organ the Skymaster called his heart.
Footsteps and the sound of crunching leaves altered him to an approaching girl. Half-Mantu, he realized, as he caught a better glimpse of her. Her skin was green tinted and her hair a mix of red and green. Her yellow eyes weren't the cruel eyes of the other Sky Raiders, but softer, wider, sparkling. Her demeanor seemed less cocky, her face pensive. She wore no finger necklace. 
He felt . . . he felt a bond with her . . . the same sensation as he felt with Rif and Mavik.
 "She bears one of the Grandmasters!" Kolram said.
The girl said: "You feel Zaburn's Connection Spell as well, don't you? I can see it in your eyes."
Wayden tried to wipe the look of shock off his face. "A Connection spell . . . Zaburn." It came flooding back into Kolram and Wayden's memories. When he and Solita had been in Dark Fist, Zaburn had been muttering some words. At the time, Kolram has assumed the Sunken Priest had been praying, but what if it had been more than that? A spell to bind them after they had been separated.
"You host Kolram right?" the girl asked.
"Aye," Wayden answered. "Which mage is inside of you?"
The girl spat out a wad of half-chewed red leaves. "Kolram's ex-fianc, Nadra."
 "Source help us," Kolram said.
Memories of Nadra, the grandmistress of Fire-Whisperering, whom Kolram jilted, passed through their mind. She may have cast spells of fire, but her cruel words froze like ice: 'I hope the wraiths take you and your bride both, Kolram. May the Faceless Ones drag you into the realms of the dead.' Any hope of acquiring an ally disappeared like a stone skipped across a mire.
The girl uncorked a water skin and held it to Wayden's chapped lips. 
Is this some sort of a trick? Regardless, the water felt blissful. 
Wayden swallowed. "How did you know I hosted Kolram?"
"You cast a Beast Tongue spell when we captured you." The girl pulled out a square of hardtack and fed Wayden a bite. "And my father's magic-finder said so."
"Your father is the . . ."
"Skymaster. I'm Alaina Skydaughter." 
The spark of hope in Wayden's heart was extinguished with those words.
Alaina screwed up the corner of her mouth, as if appraising a questionable piece of meat. "You look just like your brother. Well, except the burn mark."
"Mavik! You know Mavik?"
Alaina brushed a tangle of red and green hair behind her pointy ears. "He's a prisoner in our slave camp. He seems healthy enough, though a bit scrawnier than you." 
Mavik is alive!
 "Your father's there too, though . . .he's . . . "
"He's what?" Dread coiling in Wayden's chest. "Crippled? Dying? Mad?"
"Well . . . he's been with the slave camp a long time and has gained rank by cooperating."
A traitor. Crippled, mad, and dying would have been better. 
Alaina pressed another bite of food against Wayden's lips. As her skin touched his, Wayden Glimpsed his father: disheveled, standing with the other Sky Raiders, holding a whip, and a rat perched on his shoulder. He spat out the tack. It was too hard to swallow. "My father . . . is . . . a collaborator?"
Alaina turned sideways to stare at the tethered dragon. Shadows played off her high cheekbones. "A lot of slaves seek rank, but only your father was picked. It's considered an honor." 
A shooting star zoomed across the sky. The night sky seemed to be crashing in on Wayden. "An honor. An honor." 
Alaina shrugged. "We're all a victim of our circumstances," She offered him another bit of tack.
Wayden didn't bite this time. "Is that how you justify keeping slaves? Kidnapping people? Circumstances? Is that how you sleep at night?"
Alaina pitched the jerky into the dirt. "I sleep at night by closing my eyes and laying my head on the soft goose-feather pillow my father gave me. Will your sanctimoniousness help you sleep tonight? All you Red-Landers think you are so much better. But are you? With your Mantu servants? How free are they?"
Mantu servants weren't the same as Gar Skymaster's slave camps, but Wayden was realizing this wasn't exactly helping him with this opportunity to gain an ally. His mother used to say, "Tis stronger to listen than to fight.' He bit back the urge to retort and said, "You're right."
Alaina turned away. "No . . . I'm not. When I'm Skymistress, the slaves will be freed. The old Sky Raiders never kept slaves, back in the days when they worshipped the Wolf Woman."
They stood in silence. The pounding of drums echoed from the bonfire, punctuated by shrill celebratory howls, both human and wolf. The orange and yellow moons were full tonight, and it seemed to bring out the beast in all of nature.
Two nights until Three Moons Night. Mavik had painted a watercolor a week before their home burned. He depicted a one-eyed vulture with a blue beak standing guarding fingerless slaves. In the background loomed a giant green moon. 
Wayden met her eyes. "What do they have planned for us?"
"My father's gathering magi for a ceremony the Dracon will conduct on Three Moons' Night." 
"Like the ceremony that killed Nadra?"
Alaina looked away. "I don't know what the Dracon has planned. My father won't discuss it."
The dragon let out a sad whining sound and sank its head deeper into dirt.
"I met another like us-Arth's host."
"Arth . . . "Alaina said. "He was one of the few Grandmasters that could compete with Nadra for the highest cell in the Tower of the Loons." 
A skywolf howled in the distance. 
 "Aye, he was mad enough to study Soul-stealing, a type of wraith magic. That's what Dakarth and the Dracon used on Nadra and the others. The souls traveled like mists and entered babies born on Three Moons' Night. You host one of the souls your father is selling for an outlandish profit."
"What are you saying? You think my father would sell me?"
"You tell me," Wayden said. "He's your father. Is your father's knife blue? When we were young my brother Mavik painted a watercolor prophecy - a vulture with a blue beak, dripping with blood. We didn't know what it meant at the time. Let me ask you this. Does your father love you more than gold?" 
Alaina's golden eyes quivered. "I'll listen to no more from your snake tongue." She retreated into the night.

-<>- 

Mavik waited with baited breath for the drugged wine to take its toll.
 "Does something taste different about this wine?" Desha asked.
"All human wine taste like donkey piss," Skarak replied. He chugged down the goblet and turned to Emerelda, "More."
Mavik was getting nervous. They were out of the sleeping root. A notch later, Desha drifted off, but Skarak was still awake. He stumbled over to Desha and shook him. "Come on. Gar have our fingers . . . he finds out . . . we sleeping . . ."
The Ozac himself then slumped over; his huge gray head resting on the Tulkarian's shoulder. His mouth opened wide, producing thunderous snores. 
Mavik itched with the temptation to slit their throats. The Sky Raiders deserved to die, but what if they awoke? He couldn't risk it.
"The effects of the kava come quickly, but won't last long," Laeko said. "You'll have to run as fast as you can." 
So he and Emerelda raced, pushing against the cold biting wind whistling through the scrubby pines and boulders dotting the valley floor. His heart pounded and his fingers were so numb, he didn't think he'd know it when they'd chop them off. Even his missing pinky felt cold.
No sounds of pursuit followed them. Wind, not wolves, howled across the plains. They reached the broken twelve foot statue of the Weaver's shattered torso and legs.
Emerelda grabbed his arm. "Someone be comin'."
A wolf snorted. Men's voices carried on the wind. The crunching of pine needles grew louder. They hid behind the huge broken statue. A Sky Raider foot patrol approached.
"Wraithin' cold tonight," a Sky Raider said.
"Wraithin' cold every night."  The voice belonged to Mavik's father. The rat with the rat.
 Mavik chewed his lip. He risked a peek through the stone legs of the statue. His father and a blond-haired Sky Raider headed straight towards them. His mouth went dry.
Then Kelsen froze in mid step. His eyes caught Mavik's. My father's seen us. Mavik's heart sank. He and Emeralda would be captured and lose a finger each at the least. Probably worse after drugging two Sky Raiders.
 Kelsen and Mavik studied each other for a moment, the choice being weighed. Kelsen squared his jaw. "I heard something. Over there." Kelsen pointed out towards the pine forest. "Voices."
"Best we check it out then." The blond Sky Raider drew a sword. "I've been wanting a fresh finger."
They headed towards the evergreens. 
"My father . . .he . . . he saved us!" Mavik stared into Emerelda's hazel eyes, stunned.
She shrugged. "I be knowin' he can't be all bad. He be sirin' you after all."
Warmth flushed Mavik's face, despite the cold. As they continued their journey towards Dark Fist, the wind kicked up a spray of ice. Only constant running kept them warm. Mavik's legs stiffened. Emerelda's breathing grew ragged. They forced themselves on.
 They skated more than ran across an icy lake. When they could run no more, they walked. A wolf's howl encourage them into a run again. Past the lake's edge, the ground spiked upwards. The cold seeped into their lungs, their breaths becoming heavy and ragged. They struggled up the icy hill, digging their feet into the ice to prevent slipping. They treaded diagonally, and even so they found themselves sliding more than once. When they at last reached the summit, they were rewarded with a view of the Anvil ahead. They had travelled so far, and it still seemed a distance away.
Emerelda glanced backwards. "They be comin' fer us."
 In the sky behind them, four skywolves flew in front of the orange and yellow moons. Mavik gripped Emerelda's frozen hand, and they increased their pace to a sprint.
Emerelda panted. "Yah . . . Hold on tight . . . to me fingers. Don't let 'em . . . take 'em." 
The thought of them cutting off Emerelda's fingers was more than Mavik could bear. His legs, which had felt like giving out, suddenly gained new purpose. He pushed them faster, dragging Emerelda alongside him. He prayed: "Darius protect us, guide us, let our fires burn bright inside us."
"May the Source Grant you strength," Jijari said. "May you find the power inside yourself."
The bitter wind swept up a spray of snow. The Connection Spell tugged at Mavik from below his feet, from the Weaver's World. Could the Source be leading them this way to another Soul Host?
As they drew closer to the Anvil, the beating of the Heart Stone grew louder, deeper, more resonant. He felt it, as much as heard it. The sound echoed the rapid beating of his own heart. Danger loomed. Terrible danger.
 A chunk of ice beneath his foot broke off, and he fell on his belly, sliding down the steep, slippery hill, towards the base of the Anvil. The coldness of ice slid against his skin and bits of ice kicked up blinding him. Despite this, he caught a glimpse of the huge obsidian rock. He was heading straight towards it. He grasped for a handhold, digging into the hard packed snow. He twisted himself, to try to stop his descent. Emerelda slid too, behind him. The huge rock wall grew larger and larger, his own body would be the ore to be hammered on this anvil. 
He twisted, clawing at the ice. He extended his feet, cushioning his crash. His legs pushed into the rock. A heavy force slammed into his back. The Sky Raiders have me! But then he saw tufts of blonde hair, hazel eyes, and a vine tattoo. Emerelda gave him a sheepish wave. Despite everything Mavik laughed. He stood up on sore and wobbling legs. A skywolf howl pierced the air, sounding too close for comfort.
Mavik helped Emerelda clamber to her feet. He shook snow from his mane of red hair and cloak.
"Can you open the passageway?" Mavik shouted over the howling wind.
Energy snakes glowed on Emerelda's fingers. She touched the Anvil with her Guardian magic, but nothing happened. "Er, did the Source show ya how I be doin' it? Cause, I right don't know."
Mavik took Emerelda's hand and guided it against a crack in the stone. "In my vision, you placed your hand here." In contrast to the cold, her skin burned like fire.
"Let go of me hand." 
Blood rushed into Mavik's cheeks. "I-I-I'm sorry."
"You ain't bothering me. I just need be summonin' the energy snakes. I don't want yer hand bit, is all."
"I wasn't bothering her!" Mavik's heart reversed course from its plummet, and just as speedily rocketed towards the stars. "Does that mean she liked me touching her?"
"Sky Raiders are coming to remove your fingers and you worry about this?" Jijari asked. "The sins of the flesh will blind."
Emerelda studied the rock, running her fingers over the space Mavik had shown her. The howls were closer. Mavik chewed his lip.
Emerelda lifted her hands, spreading her fingers. "By the Order of the Gold, be lettin' us in from the cold." She winked at Mavik. "See? I be talkin' fancy when I needs to."
The Glowing amber snakes slithered towards the center of her palm, spinning in rapid circles, before peeling off one by one and burrowing into the Anvil. A sound like a sigh came from the rock, which glowed for a moment, and then rumbled, a hole sliding open, until forming a large doorway. 
An obsidian ramp formed. They headed down into the catacombs. As the passage curved, the light of the moon diminished. Emerelda summoned Guardian snakes to light the way, for even a dim light was preferable to stumbling in pitch darkness. The distant thumping of the Heart Stone grow louder as they walked further into the blackness. They weren't far in, when a series of flapping and growling sounds erupted from behind them.
	Mavik caught a glimpse of their pursuers: Desha with his bow, the blond haired Sky Raider gripping a spear, and Kelsen with a net. Kelsen had saved them before, so why help the Sky Raiders recapture them now? Had he changed his mind? 
Emerelda conjured a Guardian shield, blocking the passage, just as Desha's arrows shattered against it. 
Desha shouted over the crackling energy. "Drop the shield, girl, and we'll leave yer fingers." 
A lie. They always took at least one finger. Mavik and Emerelda scrambled through the doorway. He looked for a way to close the door behind them, to lock the raiders out, but saw neither hinge nor knob. 
"Me Shield won't last long. Come on," Emerelda said. "We best be movin'."
The amber light of Guardian snakes illuminated only so much and Mavik cursed as he stubbed his toes on a stalagmite. Behind them, something pounded Emerelda's fizzling shield. 
"Can't you cast a stronger Guardian shield? The one around Asgaroth lasted a thousand years."
"Do I be lookin' like Centuron to you? It be takin' a specially strong spell to make a lastin' Guardian Shield. And Centuron had to use blood magic."
"Blood magic," Jijari said. "Blood from each branch of magic."
They ran as quickly as they could manage through the dimly lit corridors. They wove between stalagmites and crouched under low-hanging stalactites. Mavik was beyond tired, but he forced his legs onwards.
For a notch no sounds pursued. Had the shield held after all? The corridor changed, as they travelled, from rough stone to smooth metal. I've never seen so much steel in my life. An army of smiths and a mountain of ore must have been employed, or perhaps a lost art of metal magic. 
The passage was lit by something similar to glow stone, except they were glazed and set in the ceiling at regular five foot intervals. If they were lamps, they had no wick nor oil. Glower magic of some sort?
Approaching footsteps and deep voices interrupted Mavik's reveries. Skarak's bellowing threats were audible. Their pursuers had broken through the shield. Mavik willed his legs to sprint, but they did not comply. Running through the snow had taken its toll, and he managed a pathetic stagger. The darkness slowed their pace even further. Guardian magic shed only so much light, and the Sky Raiders had torches. They would be caught within moments.
"Please Darius, keep her from harm," Mavik prayed. "You can take me, just leave her."
"Child, the Source can help you, but it will not grant you wishes, only wisdom."
Their footsteps clanged against the metal grate as they raced down the corridors. The sound of Sky Raiders footsteps clanged behind them only moments later. They were as good as caught.
There was a juncture, one corridor muddy, the other metal. They left footprints leading one way in the mud and then removed their muddy shoes and jumped from rock to rock in the other direction.
They passed through another chamber with a junk pile of rusted shields and armor. The armor's glass visors lay shattered, atop of metal suits and backpacks. A strange rusted metal carriage lay on its side, split in the middle. 
Clanging footsteps and Skarak's deep voice sounded in the distance. "Look their footprints disappear," Desha said. "It's a trick."
Mavik's insides quivered. That had been their last hope. Emerelda summoned another Guardian Shield, but it had large holes in it. She was as weakened as he was.
They hurried down the corridor. The ground changed back to stone, and then to mud as the corridor snaked lower. 
They rounded a corner, and stepped into another cavernous room, this one traversed by an underground stream. Stalactites hung from the ceiling, red with minerals, like bloody teeth in a monster's maw. 
There was no exit.
"A dead end?" Mavik despaired. "What game is the Source playing with us now?"
"You must climb the cliff," Jijari said.
"What cliff?"
"It's a metaphor."
"You wish to discuss poetry? Now?"
"You are so high up, but you have to let go. Trust the rope. Have faith in it."
"And if it doesn't hold?"
"It does. It will. It has to."
"Let's see if we can find a secret passageway," Mavik said.
"Already on it," Emerelda said, "But no luck so far."
Mavik poked his fingers into crevices, with increasing desperation. Emerelda chanted an incantation. "Earth open your door, we be wantin' to live some more."
Sweat glistened on her brow, but the walls remained walls. The metallic clanging of footsteps and angry voices echoed in the distance.
Mavik's insides jellified. Emerelda mumbled to herself as she searched for a secret door, "The wraithin Source lead us here? Scagazi-humping Splashers with their wraithin' prophecies."
This wasn't how this was supposed to have worked. He meant to save Emerelda, not get her lovely fingers chopped off. The Source had betrayed him.
"Mavik," Desha's leathery voice called from the darkness. "Be sensible. You're making Skarak angry. You don't want that, do you?"
Mavik cursed. Time had run out.
"Skarak want to teach bad boy lesson," Skarak said.
"Now, now Skarak," Desha said. "I'm sure Mavik is sorry. He'll be a good little slave, like his father, and give himself up. Won't you Mavik? You can join your father. Rise up in our ranks. Things will be better for you if you do."
Mavik searched desperately for an exit, a hole, a hiding place, a weapon. Something! The best he found was a mid-sized rock. He didn't see himself taking out three seasoned warriors with a stone.
Desha's voice called out again, closer now. "Come on, Mavik. Don't be like that. We'll send your pa to fetch you. If you come back with Rat peacefully, we'll let you choose which finger."
Another lie. Desha knew that Mavik would see through it. What Desha was really telling Mavik was that his own father was coming first, and whatever trap Mavik had planned, Kelsen would spring it. 
However, there was no need. Mavik had no trap, no clever plan, no ploy, and no hope. Why couldn't he have been the host to a useful wizard like a Digger mage? Then he could seal the tunnel behind him. Or Glower magic could blind the Sky Raiders, a Fire-whisperer send a kiss of flame, a Weather witch a blast of lightning. Arth could suck their souls, Kolram would bring some sort of animal to help them, and even Magic-finder's had their Sleep Spell. 
He had nothing. He was nothing. All he could do was know something bad was coming, and that there was nothing he could do about it. He needed no water to tell him that. 
Kelsen drew closer. Mavik made out his hunched silhouette approaching. "Come on, Son, be smart. Surrender. They'll show mercy."
"Mercy, mercy, mercy," the corridor echoed back.
A third lie. There was no mercy.
Kelsen rounded the corner, clutching his net. His father looked even more haggard than normal. His rat peeked out from the pocket of his robe, staring at Mavik with two pink eyes.
 Two paces back followed Desha, Skarak, and the blond Sky Raider. Desha had an arrow nocked and Skarak, a rusty iron mace. The blond Sky Raider wielded a sword. Kelsen shifted from foot to foot, and wouldn't meet Mavik's eyes. Mavik had nothing but a handful of water. 
At least Emerelda could cast her shield. She formed one now, as the Sky Raiders approached. Her face looked strained and tired in the amber, writhing light. "I can't be holding them fer long. Any ideas? What about Jijari- she be any help? She be seein' anything about this in the water?" 
The water, why didn't he think of it earlier? He knelt down and gazed into the stream. He placed his hands into the brook. He felt a pulse, a vibration in the ground. The ground split open and a hole formed. The water glided through the growing aperture, a newborn waterfall.
As the opening expanded, a surge of hope coursed through him. Perhaps this was their salvation. This was what the Source intended them to find. Here was a secret door, right here in the water, opening on his touch. The streambed vibrated and churned as the hole widened. Mavik smiled. Everything would be all right. A singular sense of salvation elated him. This was bliss. Like Jijari had felt at the Blessings of the Water ceremony, after three days of fasting and vision seeking. She was right. He need only to trust the rope.
Then a pincer-like hand burst through the creek, and took him by the throat. 

Chapter 22 
The Seventh Rung

She can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit, and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar. What else don't we know about her?" - Verica

-<>- 

Verica rapped thrice in brisk succession. She tried the handle on Jazlyn's door, but it was locked. 
Come on, Jaz. Please be home. What if I'm too late? She'd run all the way across the Red Palace and her heart raced like a jackrabbit pursued by a pack of scagazi. Had she been fast enough?
She knocked again. Come on. Metal rattled somewhere in the distance behind her. She turned, panic grabbing at her, half expecting to see Flickers approaching. It was just the wiry green Mantu chef, Ec, carrying a towering salver full of pots and dishes to the scullery.
Verica's knuckles pounded the dragonwood door.
"Who is it?" Ravenna's voice called through the door.
"It's me. Verica. Hurry, please."
Ravenna opened the door, her thin red eyebrows knit in concern. Org stood at her side gripping his spear. Jazlyn lounged on the divan, leafing through a leather bound tome. 
"Hullo." Jazlyn lowered her book gently onto a side table. "Any news?"
Verica rushed in. "The guards are coming for you. We have to run! Now!" 
"What? Why?"
 "We don't have time for what-whys-whose-how-do-you-dos."
Jazlyn stood, forehead scrunched beneath her ruby-studded tiara. Ravenna thrust Jazlyn's satchel into her hand. "Go. I'll delay them. I'll tell them you went to . . . the arboretum . . . that ought to hold them off for a bit."
Verica grabbed Jazlyn's other hand and dragged her towards the main stairwell. Org followed. 
Jazlyn placed her hand on his huge gray chest, between a V of leather armor. "Verica and I must go alone."
Org curled his lip like a defiant toddler. "Org no leave Little Princess."
"You're sweet," Jazlyn said, "but Verica and I would be recognized with you. If you want to help us, walk towards . . . what did Ravenna say . . . the arboretum. If they ask, we lost you in the glass gardens. That's an order, Org."
Org bowed his boulder-sized head. "Org obeys."
Jazlyn kissed Org's cheek.
 Org placed his hands flat against each other, in the manner of the Sunken Shaman. "Good-bye, Little Princess." Org turned and lumbered away, down the eastern corridor. 
"Every moment risks our freedom." Verica grabbed Jazlyn's hand, and dashed towards the main stairwell. 
The clink of armor ahead caused them to reverse course. They headed east, but approaching soldiers sounded from there as well.
"The scullery," Verica whispered.
"This is no time for a snack."
"Does being a Princess make you stupid or is your tiara restricting air flow to your brain?" Verica asked. "We can hide in there till the guards leave." 
 Jazlyn's face flushed, but she followed Verica into the kitchen. 
Verica spoke in the Red Tongue as they entered the kitchen. "Your father is sending people after you and any remaining magi they haven't yet detained. Even the Draconess and Dade! They plan to sacrifice you at a temple."
"You're sure?" Jazlyn asked.
"Yes. I'm in trouble too. The Dracon saw me spying." Verica stole a pastry off a tray of cooling honey holes. "I'm glad we're hiding in a scullery; I'm famished. Don't shake your head at me. You try keeping shadow form for that long and running up all those stairs to save your ungrateful friend who won't even let you eat a teensy little snack."
Ec stared at them, her bulbous eyes intense swirls of gold and black. Jazlyn pulled servant's aprons and hats off hooks.
Jazlyn said to Ec in the common tongue, "Verica and I want to pretend to be your assistants. Some of the Flickers are playing with us, so if they come in, say you haven't seen us."
Jazlyn and Verica threw the aprons and bonnets over their dresses and flowered hair. Ec continued staring. 
"Okay that was a lie," Jazlyn said. "The truth is we're in trouble, Ec. Please, don't tell anyone we're here. It's important."
Ec spoke fluently in the Red tongue, "Don't let them see your face."
Jazlyn's jaw dropped, mirroring the astonished feeling washing over Verica. Ec winked a leathery eyelid before flattening a lump of dough with her rolling pin. The door squeaked open. Verica and Jazlyn turned and feigned cutting vegetables.
The voice of Royal Companion Oz Strongfist bellowed, "Mantu, we search for the Dracon's daughter. Have you seen her?"
Ec slapped the dough down, keeping her back to the Dragonknight. "This one not see, Master."
Strongfist's footsteps drew closer to Verica. "How about you servant girl, did you see the Dracon's daughter?"
His shadow and she noxious odor enveloped her. She relaxed her shoulders, trying to appear no more nervous than any servant talking to a superior. She shook her head.
Strongfist stepped closer. His breath made her eyes water. "Look at me when I'm talking to you, wench." 
Verica chewed her lip. If she turned, the Royal Companion would recognize her. If she didn't he would grab her and turn her forcibly. Should she run for it? She could throw a hot pot of boiling oil in his face and race off. 
"All you need to do is find a pot of boiling oil and then have Strongfist help pour it on himself," Lukor suggested.
"Really should never have taught you sarcasm."
She was readying herself to turn into wraith-form, when Crow's voice called from across the hall. "They're in the arboretum! Strongfist, come."
Strongfist turned around and left, door clanging behind him. Breath returned to her lungs, as she steadied herself against the counter.
"Ec." Jazlyn approached the Mantu warily. "You know the Red Tongue?"
"What I know might surprise you, Child." Ec gestured towards a pile of crates. "Help me move these."
"This is no time to do-" Jazlyn began.
"Do it!"
Jazlyn turned crimson.
Verica helped Ec pushed aside the heavy crates revealing a trap door. "This leads to a storage area." Ec pulled open the trapdoor. A ladder descended into darkness. "The ladder is missing the seventh rung. Be careful. Go straight when you get to the bottom and tell the fat baker with the shaven head, Cyreves, that I sent you. He'll hide you in the Cubby. I'll meet you there with Ravenna and we'll find a way to get you out."
"Cyreves?" Verica asked.
Ec shooed them. "He's part of the resistance. Go."
"I can't believe she speaks the Red Tongue," Verica thought.
"Why is that difficult for you to accept?" Lukor inquired.
"Well, usually people in the lower caste aren't learned. I mean she can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit, and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar. What else don't we know about her?" 
"We can only learn a small fraction of a human's totality."
Verica shook her head. Her whole universe had already been turned upside down a few times today. She hoped the day didn't hold any more surprises. She climbed through the trapdoor, feeling her way past the missing rung. 

-<>-

Wayden gathered firewood with the other slaves. He kept picking the wrong type of wood and getting yelled at by the Sky Raiders. "Not Stink Wood, you dolt! You want Gar to throw you on the fire for heat?"
Heat would have been welcome. It was freezing and the Sky Raiders that watched them turned his stomach. Mavik did this for the last eight years, Wayden had done it for one day and already couldn't stand another moment of it. How did he stand it?
A shadow fell on Wayden. Glancing up, he saw Isel's skywolf belly, as the beast spiraled into a landing.
 Yet another ghost from his nightmares come back to haunt. The one-eared sky raider straddled a silver wolf. A magic-eater slithering nearby drained Wayden's powers, or else he'd have the silver wolf eat his other ear off. 
Wayden had yet to see the Ozac who killed Nanny or the Tulkarian who shot the arrow into his mother. While they'd been gathering wood an elderly witch named Laeko had told him that they and his own traitorous father were chasing Mavik. Laeko also had him about how Mavik and a girl had run away just the other night. 
"Who was the girl he ran with?" Wayden had asked Laeko. 
"Her name was Emerelda. A young blonde-haired girl, a Guardian mage."
"A Guardian. . . Solita!" Kolram sobbed.
Wayden shared Kolram's disappointment. If he'd been captured a day earlier, perhaps he could have escaped with Mavik and Solita's host. Or if Wayden hadn't been captured at all, perhaps Mavik would have found his way to him. Instead fate had switched their places, keeping them just as separate as ever. 
"Let us be glad our loved ones escaped our fate," Kolram said, but beneath the Grandmaster's words, was pain as deep as his own. 
 Wayden had asked Laeko if he could follow after Mavik, but the Strand Prophet shook her head. "Even if they hadn't doubled the guards, only a Guardian can use Centuron's door. Do not worry, the Source has a plan for you. My prophecies show you entering Dark Fist from above, not below."
 "The Weaver worries me the most of all," Kolram had said, "What scheme is she plotting?" 
Wayden stared as Isel landed his Skywolf. He gestured to two Skyraiders.
 "Get Mavik's brother on the skywolf. The Skymaster wants to talk to him." 
The Skywolf took off at a dizzyingly vertical angle. The flight reminded Wayden of being on the ledge with Night. He was sure he was going to plummet, but the leg straps held solid.
A six-foot tall Dragonman Sky Raider with red and black scales all over his body pulled Wayden off the wolf and forced him onto his knees before Gar's Eagle Throne. The Skymaster turned his shaven head towards Wayden and glared at him with his tiny eyes.
 A scar ran from Gar's necklace to the base of his ear. Wayden knew the story behind that wound. A Flicker's blade cut Gar across the neck as he fled Vilanos after murdering Baltoo. He'd flown away, with a gurgling laugh, as his blood spilt like hot rain. How Gar survived had been the subject of speculation. Some thought he must be a descendant of an Immortal to have withstood such a blow. Others claimed he made a deal with the wraiths. However Gar survived, survive he did. 
The bonfire danced and shifted in the wind. Wayden was thrown to his knees before the triad of golden thrones. He'd met Gar and Alaina, but the sky wife was unfamiliar. She looked as muscular and lean as Gar himself. Her long blue hair lifted in the wind, revealing a bruised eye. 
The Dragonman Sky Raider and half a dozen human Sky Raiders stood between Wayden and Gar, black cloaks flapping in the fierce wind. With the Sky Raiders was Goat. If the Ozac and the Tulkarian returned, he'd have them all in one place. Vengeance would be his. Sort of. Not really.
"Do not despair," Kolram said. "The Source has led us here for a reason."
Wayden strained against the ropes, but his old enemy quashed his efforts. 
 "Kolram's host." Goat's voice oozed contempt. This was the fearsome Goat man from his nightmares? The creature who had abducted Mavik all those years ago was just a man wearing a crude, lacquered mask.
Goat's hands glowed yellow. A Magic Finder. Had they been seeking magi when they seized Mavik all those years ago?
"Where is your brother?" Gar's voice sliced like the winter wind. "How did you help him escape?" 
Whatever Wayden had been expecting, it hadn't been this. He knew Gar was cruel and powerful. But he hadn't expected stupid. How could a mage who mastered Beast Tongue magic be such a fool? "You think I know how Mavik escaped? That I helped him?"
Gar dug a blue knife into the gilded arm of his Eagle Throne. The chair was almost as scarred as its owner. 
"Don't play dumb with me."
"Fine, just as long as you don't play paranoid with me."
Gar leapt from his throne and brandished his knife in front of Wayden's face. "Talk, Kolram! The truth!"
"He's raging at Kolram, not me," Wayden realized.
 "He has grown even more unstable than when I knew him last," Kolram said.
"All right, the truth . . . yes, this was our plan," Wayden said. "I'd let you kill a Royal Companion, tie me to a tree, and take me prisoner so my brother could escape. I also planned for you to burn my house down, and I tricked you into killing my mother. If all goes well, soon I'll trick you into stabbing me with that knife."
"It worked," Gar said, pressing the knife against the side of Wayden's cheek. A bead of blood dripped down Wayden's neck. "Don't be smart with me, boy. Kolram was always so sanctimonious. He was the good boy. Our Grandmaster made him his protg, snubbing me, even though I was a thousand times the Beast Tongue Kolram could ever hope to be. The great Baltoo. You should have seen the look on the old fool's face when I ordered his own skywolf to eat him." Gar sheathed his knife. "Your brother won't get far. Your father, and some of my other men, are hunting down him down right now."
Wayden strained against the ropes again. "Face me like a man, coward. Untie me and let's fight this out once and for all, Beast Tongue against Beast Tongue."
"He'll kill you." Kolram said.
"I have a plan."
"Does it involve getting killed? If so, it's working brilliantly."
The leaf in Gar's gold armband seemed familiar to Wayden. 
Gar shrugged. "I have nothing to prove. I bested Kolram time and again."
Wayden sat up. "So you say, but have we seen it? I think you're a lying heap of scagazi dung. You weren't Grandmaster. Kolram was, but you were too-"
Gar slapped Wayden's face so hard, the world spun. The dizziness of the spinning changed to the deeper sinking sensation of the Glimpse taking hold. Wayden was Gar now. The Skymaster was inside a stone chamber adorned with tapestries. He sat on a divan, Sky Raider guards on either side of him. Crow and a quartet of Flickers stood before Gar. The Flickers were pouring out a large sack of coins into a cedar chest. Gar fiddled with his necklace. He never tired of the power he could feel vibrating inside of it, as hot as a coal, and as energizing as cool mountain water.
Crow's voice was a whisper. "Please forgive me if this is an affront, but I must ask you this . . ."
"Spit it out, man."
"How do you feel about your daughter? Would you consider adding her to the harvest for an extra three thousand gold-bones?"
Gar eyes fastened on the chest of coins. "No."
"I apologize for even bringing it up," Crow said, holding up a black gloved hand. "She isn't necessary to our plans. I heard false rumors that you weren't happy with her."
"Five thousand."
"Four is the highest I'm authorized to go."
"Agreed."
Four thousand Raslonian gold bones! Gar thought. I would have sold her for a hundred.
The memory faded. Wayden found himself back on top of the Nest, wind whipping the Beacon's smoke directly at Wayden.
"We already knew that Alaina would be sold by her father," Wayden thought. "Still the details could help us convince Alaina of it."
"And Gar's power does indeed come from his necklace," Kolram mused. "Did you feel the power emanating from it?"
Gar turned to Isel and Goat. "Enough, our time is out. Isel, take Alaina and the boy to Dark Fist. Goat, head down to the camp and make sure that everything is going alright with the shipping of the rest of the slaves."
Goat nodded and boarded his winged wolf.
"Tie the slave to Red Paw," Alaina ordered a Sky Raider.
Isel shook his head. "We'll take my wolf."
Two large Sky Raiders grabbed Wayden and bound him to the wolf's back. The Sky Wife stepped over to Wayden and whispered, "You are the one. Laeko told me you would help me."
The woman turned, blue hair dancing in the wind. Alaina strolled over and mounted behind Wayden. Isel talked to Gar in hushed tones. 
Wayden whispered to Alaina: "I Glimpsed your father selling you to someone called Crow for four thousand Raslonian gold bones."
Alaina said nothing. Did she believe him?
Isel climbed onto the wolf's haunches.
"Hee-yah!" he cried, and the wolf launched itself, spreading its long silver and black wings, catching a current of cold air.
 Dark Fist awaited. 
 
Chapter 23
The One with the Quickest Blade

When the monsters bother me, I tell them to go away -Laurana

-<>- 


Water in his nose. In his lungs. Cold against his cheeks.
The water had been Mavik's hope, now it was his doom. The scagazi's pincer-like hands squeezed his neck, dragging him into the cavern's creek bed. He struggled to break free, pulling at the wrist, as stubborn as an ironwood tree. The world grew faint, dizzy, his vision became flashes of dark and light. I can't die. Emerelda needs me. He fought against the monstrous arm.
The scagazi's grip weakened, and he pushed up gasping for air. The scagazi's wrist had one of Desha's black plumed arrows in it. Mavik had fletched those arrows himself, with feathers from the Tulkarian's own Skywolf. Blessed air rushed into his lungs.
 Scagazi emerged through a hole they had dug in the creek bed. Mavik and Emerelda found themselves ringed by the insects. 
One of the scagazi gurgled, swatting its neck, as if stung by an ice bee. It slumped onto its back, its white blood clouding the stream. 
"One down," Desha said, nocking another arrow. 
	A second scagazi lunged forward. The tips of its claws struck Guardian magic, amber sparks crackling upwards as if from a campfire. The beast's pincers pounded the shield again. A gap opened in the shield. A third blow widened it. 
 Emerelda's forehead was dappled with beads of sweat. "I be losin' it."
The scagazi stuck its hand through the gap in the shielding, grabbing Emerelda's neck. Then, a thwooping sound, and it slumped forwards, another black-feathered shaft protruding from its back.
"Now, I owe Desha two," Mavik thought. 
"You owe him two arrows launched from a bow," Jijari said. "Make sure to make them count."
"I thought Sunken Shamans were supposed to be forgiving?"
"Let the unrepentant pay for their sins, blood for blood." 
"Remind me not to irk any Alatians."
A scagazi hurled itself at Emerelda. She gestured and amber vines formed a web of frozen sunlight. The scagazi hissed, as it bounced off the ambient light, but soon recovered and renewed clawing at it. The Guardian coils shriveled, another hole widening in the new shield. 
A whirlpool of dirt formed beneath Kelsen. Two scagazi hands gripped Mavik's father's legs and yanked. His eyes bulged and his hand grabbed at the rocks and dirt, fingers digging tiny trenches. Then he was gone. 
I should be happy he's dead. Mavik bit back a tear. 
 "The bugs got Rat." Skarak's voice echoed through the cavern.
Mavik tried to push his emotions into a box, but found they wouldn't go. It was like trying to hold the ocean in a tiny cup. Sadness and anger swirled into one. Hot tears raced down his cheeks. 
Skarak's mace crushed a monster's skull, at the same moment a scagazi snapped the blond-haired Sky Raider's neck, while Desha parried a charge, using his bow to trip the beast. Desha's bow snapped and he cursed as he discarded the remains of the broken weapon. He unsheathed a jagged dirk. A scagazi charged Desha, but the Tulkarian stepped aside and the creature crashed over his extended leg. Desha pivoted lodging the tip of his dirk into a gap in the rear of the monster's exoskeleton. The creature sank to the floor and Desha's cloak was drenched in scagazi blood.
Desha grinned wide. "I got us a kebab for dinner, Skarak."
"Less talk, Pretty Boy, more fight!" Skarak bellowed. A scagazi bit into Skarak's wrist, and the Ozac roared. The gray behemoth dropped his mace and grabbed the scagazi, lifted him with both hands, and brought him down upon the tip of a pointed stalagmite. 
The Sky Raiders had lost two of their members so far, the scagazi a dozen, but the scagazi still outnumbered them three to one. Whoever triumphed, thug or bug, Emerelda and Mavik would be the next target. 
Emerelda's hand clapped down on his shoulder. "We need to be gettin' out o' here. Look."  Emerelda pointed at the burrowed hole in the stream bed, from which one of the scagazi had emerged. 
The water from the brook spiraled through it, then poured into a chamber below. Peering down the hole, Mavik gauged the distance the same as dropping from a mid-sized tree, except onto a rockier surface. Would they survive the fall? Even if they did, they'd be trapped down there. 
"The Source led you here for a reason," Jijari said. "Don't you see? This is where you are meant to go. A leap of faith."
Mavik hoped she was right.
Emerelda caught his eye. "We be jumpin' or dyin'." 
Mavik nodded. He hesitated for a heartbeat, mumbling a silent prayer. Then he leapt. 

-<>-

Sandwiched between him and Wayden, Alaina wondered which one to trust. Isel's breath stank and he was uncharacteristically quiet. She'd known Isel her whole life, and if the Skyraider was anything, it was her father's toady. If her father had said paint the sky black, Isel would do it. It all came down to her father. Was it beyond him to do this? 
"You know it's not," Nadra said. "Your father is a beast." 
 The wolf spread its wings, and launched itself from Mount Odesis, the only home Alaina had ever known shrinking as he rose. Was this the last time she'd see it? The last day she'd be alive? The icy peak dwindled away, , as the wolf veered towards the distant temple. 
"Wayden is just trying to save his own skin," Alaina thought, as her wolf flew down towards the slave camp.
"No, He isn't, you little fool," Nadra said. "Isel's breathing is strained. His movements tense. You're heading to your own murder. You have great faith in your father, but four thousand reasons not to trust him." 
Four thousand - the number she kept hearing - her father had said it to Yveka in the kennel, 'I have four thousand reasons for keeping her around'. The weaver had said four thousand bones. Had she meant gold bones, the Raslonian currency? 
She didn't want to believe it. It was her whole life she'd have to give up. It wasn't much of a life, but it was all she'd known. She'd never been anything but a Skydaughter. 
"What if I am just being paranoid? Maybe it's just a misunderstanding. Maybe Wayden is in cahoots with the Weaver."
 "There is a simple way to test Isel," Nadra said, "See if he'll let you go."
She could make out the Anvil up ahead. There wasn't much time.
Alaina let out a groan and then waited a moment, and groaned again. "Isel . . . I'm ill."
"What's the trouble Daughter Sky?" Isel asked, shouting over the wind. 
"My stomach. A sharp pain. I need to go back to the Nest and let the healer look."
"Nay, your father says you're to go to Dark Fist." 
"He didn't know . . . argh, my stomach. I would feel this . . . uggh . . . sick. I . . . have a very sharp pain in my stomach. I need the healers to look at me. The healer told me if I get pains like this, I have to see him immediately. It is a matter of life and death."
"Nonsense." Isel's voice sound stiff. "You just have a stomach ache. You'll be all right."
Alaina discreetly drew her blue-steel dirk. 
 "You warned him," Nadra said. "You told him it was a matter of life or death." 
		
-<>- 

Rif and Night had been brought back through Deep Woods in the wagon. Flickers kept an eye on him and his hands were manacled. It wasn't the iron chains that made sleep elusive though. His mind was in tumult. 
"You should have killed them all," Belok said. "I told you. I told you in my secret whisper."
"Go away," Rif thought. "We might not be in this mess if you hadn't killed Thunderstone."
"You should thank me for that," Belok said. "In this world and the ones between it, it is eat or be eaten. If I hadn't killed him, he would have us."
"Source help me," Rif thought. "Make him go away."
"There is no Source," Belok said. "There is only the one with the quickest blade."
"Don't let him goad you, Rif," Genika said, "Stay calm."
Stay calm, yes, but how? He kept seeing Thunderstone, Big Darius, and the girl in the pine grove, lying dead. There was the girl in Tulkar too- during the Blood Games. And the one by the well in the Mercy. She was so young, perhaps eight.
"How could I have done that?" Rif thought. "How could I have killed an eight-year old?"
"I'm ten and a half," a girl's voice spoke. He'd heard it before, but it had just been a whisper. Now it was as loud as a waterfall. "It wasn't your fault. I'm Laurana, by the way." 
Grief rushed through Rif. "Oh, Primordial, forgive me. Oh Laurana, I'm so sorry. I can't forgive myself."
"There's nothing you can do about it. It's not so bad in here. We're never hungry or beaten. Anyway, you didn't kill me. It was Belok."
"You're comforting me? You should hate me."
"Some of the other girls in here do. But not me or Genika. What's done is done. That's what my mama always said."
Rif would have preferred hate. It was no more than he deserved. Laurana said she forgave him, but he could never forgive himself. She was ten and would have no future except in the mindscape. She'd never kiss a boy, nurse a child, drink the worm wine on her woman's day, or learn to play a drumpharp. She had been murdered. Murdered by him. It's been me all along. He couldn't breath. He wanted to loosen his collar, but his manacles were too heavy to budge. He closed his eyes and let out a sob.
"Rif, Laurana is right," Genika said, "When there is naught to do about the past, look to the future. Make sure this never happens again. You have to resist Belok. Only you can do it. You have to tell Belok no."
"When the monsters bother me," Laurana said, "I tell them to go away."
"But I am the monster!" Rif thought, "They'll lock me up in a dungeon and then the Dracon will execute me."
"And what wrongs will the Dracon inflict when Niar absorbs your powers?" Arth asked, "At least you have a conscience. You can't let him win. You can't."
Night patted Rif on the shoulder, misunderstanding his tears. 
 "Don't despair," Night whispered. "The Night shall rise. And we will sweep over this land and wreak our vengeance."
Rif jerked away from her, chains clinking. "I don't want v-v-vengeance. I don't want to kill anyone. I never wanted these powers, these souls. I'm a danger to everyone. It's best if I'm k-k-killed."
"Rif, consider, you house eight other souls," Genika said. "If you die, so do we. Don't let go so easily. You must hold on. Don't give in to Belok or the Dracon. Find the middle path. It's the only way." 
Rif had never thought of the fact that he was now a home for all the souls Belok sucked. He didn't know what sort of a life Genika and the others had inside of him, but they were alive. He had to try to live, for Genika, for Arth, for Laurana, for the other girls whose souls now resided inside him.
"How? How do I resist?"
 "Belok preys off your insecurity," Genika said. "You must be resolute."
"Well even if I do resist Belok, how am I supposed to get out of here? I'm chained and guarded."
"I do not know. We must trust in the Source."
When they reached the Red Palace the wagon was escorted across the red moat, a river of lava that encircled the palace. A portcullis was raised and Flickers and a magic-eater forced them though a labyrinth of stone corridors. 
Rif and Night were escorted deep down into the dungeons, until they arrived at a door marked by a bronze plaque as the 'Plague Room.' A magic-eater slithered by the door. Two Flickers stood guard, one tall, with mustachios and the other short, heavy, with a shaven head.
One of the Flickers who had brought them untied Rif's bonds, saying, "For the Plague Room."
 The tall guard responded, "Throw the prisoners in. And be none too gentle."
The short guard held up a hand. "Wait. No need to throw them. And why 'none too gentle'?  I thought you were all refined and mannerly?"
"Oh, ask them politely, shall we?" A vein protruded from the tall guard's forehead. "These are prisoners of the Dracon. Traitors." 
The Flicker's head turned from one guard to the other, like a dog wanting to obey, but not knowing who to listen to.
The little guard rolled his eyes. "An old crone and a boy. They must have nearly thrown the Red Lands into ruins."
"This boy killed Sir Thunderstone."
"I would have liked to have seen that fight. What did he do, chew through his armor? Besides, I thought this was the Plague Room. Why do you want to throw a hardened murderer into a cell with innocent plague victims?"
The tall guard's face was wrinkled with anger. "Fine, we'll graciously welcome the traitors to their humble abode. Happy?"
 "Ecstatic."
But the tall guard yanked Rif and Night from the Flicker and shoved them harshly into the dungeon.
The door slammed shut.
"It doesn't matter," Rif thought. "No matter how nicely they let us into this room, it would still be a prison."
 It took a moment for Rif's eyes to adjust to the dim room. When they did, he half wished they hadn't. Old, sad men and women leaned against walls, or sat on the dusty stone floor. A series of overflowing buckets with flies buzzing around them, served as the privy and the room's perfume.
"Rif? Is that you?" a voice called. Rif turned around and felt someone grab him: hair and softness- a woman's embrace.
"Rif! Rif! Oh, my sweet Possum!" 
Even in the dark Rif could recognize his mother's voice, scent, and the feel of her arms enveloping him. Rif tasted the salt of tears running into his mouth, whether his own or his mother's he couldn't be sure.
"Oh, thank the Source, you're all right." His mother's voice was choked.
Rif sobbed on his mother's shoulders. He tried to think of the words to tell her. "How am I going to tell my mother, that I'm a murderer? How do I know that I won't black out and find Belok has murdered her?"
"You needn't worry," Belok said. "I only like redheads."

-<>-

Verica tied her red hair into a pony tail. She looked at the mid-sized keg. How long would she be stuck in it? It would be a torturous journey. Still, better than being caught.
 The storage room teemed with boxes, sacks and barrels organized by type and size. The ones on the right side of the room were empty, the ones on the left filled with dried goods of various sorts. Some of the kegs were stacked in a wagon, which was scheduled to leave the Red Palace for Tulkar. There were two empty ones, one for Jazlyn and one for herself. A concealed air hole in each one would ensure they didn't suffocate.
In the distance, men's voices and wolf howls sounded from the nearby skywolf kennel where many of the kegs were being loaded. Verica was tired, tense, and more than a little scared. It would be no easy thing to escape from the Red Palace.
Jazlyn gestured towards the barrel, her eyes wide with disbelief. "You expect me . . . to hide . . . in there?" 
Cyreves the supply master, a heavy man with double chin and a shaven pear-shaped head, smiled toothily at Jazlyn. "Quickly. You will be getting in the barrel, Your Majesty."
"How will we drink- or- care for our bodily functions?" 
Cyreves held up his hands apologetically. "This one knows it's not the most comfortable of accommodations, but it will not be for long. Half a day at most. And you will be safe and this is the most important thing, is it not, Your Highness?"
Ravenna helped Verica get one leg into the cask. "Just get in Jaz. Before someone comes."
Ravenna and Ec stepped in through a narrow side doorway, ducking their heads. "I've sent a pigeon to my brother. He'll take you somewhere safe."
"Food," Ec offered.
Jazlyn waved the lemon biscuit away.
"Can I have hers?" Verica asked, peeking up from her barrel.
"My brother is going to help keep you hidden," Ravenna said, handing the biscuit to Verica. 
"Whiwuheduethaferus?" asked Verica, wiping the crumbs from her chin.
"Can you swallow your biscuits first, My Lady?" Ravenna asked.
Verica swallowed. "Why would he do that for us?"
"He's one of the Resistance," Ravenna explained. "The Fire Guard captured my mother and father for performing Glower magic. We protested, tried to get the government to see sense, but they were stubborn beyond reason. We began to suspect they were planning to do something with the magi. Ec is the leader of our movement. She's a Splasher."
"There is a time for conversation and a time for hiding," Ec said, glancing at the door.
Jazlyn stared into the dusty, cobweb-filled cask. "There must be some other way?"
 "Look, Jaz," Verica said, "You're not a princess anymore. You're a wanted felon. So, unless you want your father to hand you over to the Skymaster, get in. Every moment you stand here in the open, you risk everybody's lives. So get in the wraithin' barrel, or I'll stuff you in head first."
Jaz looked taken aback, but climbed into the wobbly container. Verica huddled down in her own keg. The ceiling disappeared as the lid clunked down on top of her. Then all was darkness. She heard their footsteps leave. It was hard to breathe in the tight space. She should have asked Ravenna if she had any more biscuits.
It was dark and the only sound was her own breathing. It was warm too and she grew sweaty. She waited. And waited. Then waited some more.
"Why does time go so fast when you're doing something fun like playing mumbly ball, but creep along whenever you're uncomfortable?"
 "Time always flows the same speed," Lukor said, "It is simply your perception of time that has transformed."
"I know, but it's still driving me crazy."
"Your brain is constantly engaged during a game of mumbly ball," Lukor's voice took on that pedantic tone that reminded Verica of her father. For some reason it was reassuring to be lectured. "Whereas when you are waiting, you're doing little else. The solution suggests itself that if you wish the perceived time to advance more quickly, you must busy your mind."
"I see. Well, why don't you tell me a bit about the wraiths then, while we're waiting?" Verica asked, wondering if Asgaroth and Jazlyn were having a similar comforting conversation. Somehow she doubted it. According to Jazlyn, Asgaroth's favorite conversations involved threats of tearing bones out of people's bodies.
 "You've never asked me about this before."
"I know. I never liked the idea of being a half-wraith. I guess becoming an outlaw has made me accept my better half."
"What is it that you would like to know?" Lukor asked.
"Are all wraiths like you?"
"No. Though we have a hive mind, we are individuals. Some of the wraiths aren't even fully developed consciousness. Others, like myself have more forceful personalities. I must say, at the risk of sounding immodest, most wraiths are not as scientifically minded as myself."
"Do you have children?"
"No. Wraiths are not born nor do we die."
"Why would you want to be inside of me?"
"For the same reason you would read one of your fictional books. When you enter into someone else's life, you get a glimpse of things you could not otherwise see. For a wraith like me, nothing could be more satisfying."
"You're weird. I'm going to get something to eat."
"You should stay hidden."
"I'll just be a moment."
Verica clambered out of the barrel and found a box of hard tack. It felt good to stretch her legs. Jazlyn's barrel was awful quiet. Verica put her ear close and could hear quiet snores. At least she's getting some rest. We might need it later. I should try to sleep too. 
Verica was finishing the last of the tack when the sound of clinking metal and approaching footsteps caught her attention. She made out Cyreves's voice and another familiar voice: one that gave her the shivers. A horrible intuition struck Verica. She turned into shadow form. The door flung open, and Crow stood in the doorway followed by Cyreves and several guards and magic-eaters. The slug-like creatures slithered towards the barrel Jazlyn was hiding in.
"Like hounds sniffing for food, they smell magic," Lukor thought.
Crow pointed towards Verica's empty container, lying sideways on the stone floor. "Where is Berik's daughter?"
Cyreves's face paled. "This one doesn't know, Your High Holiness. She was in the barrel when I left, I promise you."
A Flicker opened the lid and a second guard lifted a struggling Jazlyn out. Jaz had picked up a few new curse words recently, but her feet thudded uselessly into the huge guard's breast plate. 
No! They have her. They're going to sacrifice Jazlyn, Ravenna's parents, and countless other magi. They'll unleash Asgaroth on the world. They'll give the Dracon more power than even a responsible leader could handle. And there wasn't a blessed thing Verica could do about any of it. 
Or was there? Part of Verica still believed that everything happened for a reason. The accident, her hosting Lukor, maybe it was all meant to be, was all leading somewhere. She was meant to do something - but what?
 A Flicker gagged Jazlyn and manacled her hands behind her back.
"Take her to the Plague Room," Crow said.
"Berik's daughter was in that empty barrel. She must have fled," Cyreves said. 
"She won't get far," Crow said. "Ember Tibbons, send out search parties."
 The Ember nodded and departed.
"Now, my reward?" Cyreves asked.
Crow thrust the reward into Cyreve's belly, and then pulled the dirk back out, slick with blood. Cyreves slumped to his knees. Verica stifled a scream. Crow stepped out of the way and let the supply master fall flat on his face. 
Crow held up his blood-covered blade. "Paid in steel. Flicker Darius, clean this mess up."
The Flicker looked pale-faced and ready to retch. 
Two other Flickers, meanwhile, were dragging a struggling Jazlyn out of the door. Verica would have followed, but Crow and an Ember stood blocking the doorway, discussing something in mumbled voices. 
"No, I've lost Jazlyn," Verica thought. Tears streamed down her cheek. She never really had the chance to tell Jaz how she really felt about her. If Jazlyn died . . . no . . . she wouldn't allow that to happen. There had to be a way to save her friend. 
After a notch, Crow and the Ember headed down a passageway, but by the time Verica reached the Plague Room, the Flickers had shoved Jazlyn inside and an iron door clanged shut behind her. Verica felt her heart sink. How would she rescue her now?
"The Daughter Draconi a traitor," The tall guard said. "Who would have thought it?"
The short one shook his head. "Were you born this idiotic or did you have to work at it?"

Chapter 24 
A Good Death

Vengeance is coming, like a dagger in the night -Night
-<>-  
				
The door slammed behind Jazlyn, as the floor flew towards her face. She threw her arms out, letting them take the impact. The Plague Room was built deep under the bowels of the Red Palace, near the Great Well, and the floor was wet and muddy in places from underground rivers, and dry in hot in others where springs of magma burbled beneath the ground.
Jazlyn, refusing to cry, pulled herself from the ground.. Her dress was dappled with splotches of mud and she wasn't sure what to do about her muddy hands, lacking a hand towel, lye, and a basin.
The Daughter Draconi does not weep.
"You were a fool to allow yourself to be trapped like this," Asgaroth said. "I told you they would betray you."
"Shut thy lips, you vile fiend."
"Would I had lips to shut."
 The scent was abhorrent in the plague room and she felt instantly nauseous. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim lighting. None of the prisoners exhibited boils, lesions or any other symptoms of any disease other than the one called hopelessness.
One of the imprisoned wizards bowed to her, which Jazlyn tried to acknowledge with the traditional fingers, to lips, but was rewarded only by a mouthful of mud. One of the witches laughed maniacally at this. Most did not bow or laugh, but sat still as stones, gazing into the distance. 
Ravenna's parents huddled in the far corner. She'd been surprised when she had learned that Ravenna's parents were performers who had entertained with Glower magic shows at the Court of Flame during her childhood. She had been mesmerized by their flowers of light, and they who had brought such happiness had been paid back so unkindly.
 I'll inform them Ravenna is in good health, after I've composed myself enough to talk without bursting into tears. 
Doblin, the Digger Mage nodded weakly at her, managing a sad smile. 
"Could he use his powers to dig an escape tunnel?" Jazlyn mused. 
"No, the magic-eaters would siphon off the Source energy, preventing Earth magic," Asgaroth said.
Belza the Beast Tongue and her acolytes were there as well. None of them had the plague, and how could anyone consider their magic unauthorized? They were in charge of caring for Volkanus. The dragon was ill, and they took the chief Beast Tongues into custody? Her father was crazed with his insatiable lust for power, to the point of blind recklessness. 
If she ever ruled the Drakingdom, she would do things differently. For one thing she wouldn't throw innocent people in prison. She'd outlaw chokers, high heels, and lima beans. But before she could take her seat on the throne, there was the minor obstacle of escaping prison, overthrowing her father's government, and convincing people about the lima beans.
"You jest like a fool," Asgaroth's said.
"Why, do you know any good bone-tearing jokes? I refuse to succumb to depression. Now if you have nothing useful to say, Lock thy Lips."
"How did the Silver Lady allow me to be placed with the likes of you?"
"It was by request. I asked, excuse me, Goddess, do you have any bone-tearing immortals?"
"I never tore any bones out of anyone living."
"What?"
"That was just a rumor to scare our enemies. The bones we used to erect the palace spires were from corpses killed in battle."
"You still desecrated their graves."
"Aye, and worse than that. My sins are many and grievous. Do not get me wrong. But I ripped no bones. In war, half the battle is to wreak fear into the heart's of one's enemies. I wore armor of bones not to protect myself, but to remind my enemies of their fate should they decide to deny me."
A woman cleared her throat. A white-haired witch, with a cross-hatch of scars on her face, approached Jazlyn. By her side was a purple-haired Tulkarian woman and a boy with sea-shells in his braids.
The white-haired woman crossed her arms in a salute Jazlyn wasn't familiar with, fists against her own chest. "Greetings Daughter Dragon. I am Night. Granddaughter of the Shadow Queen. She who shall rise again."

-<>- 

A jolt of pain seared through Mavik's legs, as he landed on the floor of the lower cavern. The scagazi-dug waterfall pounded cold water on his head and shoulders. Rolling to the side, the sound of pounding water subsided and the noises of battle greeted him. Was it the fighting from above? No, it was closer. Screams and thumps over on his left -Emerelda . . . 
His stomach twisted. He moved towards the noises, thudding into a stalagmite painfully. 
"By the light of Guardians, illuminate," Emerelda's voice resonated off the stone walls. Coils of light slithered on her palms. As Mavik's eyes adjusted to the brightness, he felt breath return to his lungs to see Emerelda uninjured. Kelsen was on the floor groaning. A scagazi was on top of him, its pincers grappled by Kelsen's bloody hands.
Emerelda grabbed Mavik's hand. "Come on, Mav. We gots to be runnin'."
But Mavik didn't move. I should let him die, Mavik thought, but somehow he found himself charging at the scagazi. He bowled it over. The scagazi rolled on top gaining the advantage. Mavik found himself underneath the scagazi's choking grip. He struggled to break free, but its grip was iron.
A loud thump sounded and the scagazi flew to the floor, rolling with Kelsen, blood running down its body. Noises from the ceiling. Desha was repelling down a rope. A scagazi leapt at him, knocking him off the rope. 
"Skarak! Could use some help?" Desha shouted. 
"Run, Mavik," Kelsen gasped. "I'll hold this one off."
"I-"
The veins in Kelsen's neck bulged as he struggled to hold the scagazi down. "Let me do this one thing right. I wraithed all the rest up." Kelsen rolled with the scagazi. His pet rat scurried across the floor.
Mavik scooped up the rodent.
"Her name is Spark," Kelsen said. "Now go!" 
"I forgive you," Mavik said, a hot tear running down his cheek. Kelsen nodded slightly. His face was so pale.
Emerelda grabbed Mavik's hand, raising her other hand aloft, to light the room. They raced into a passageway. Spark's clawed feet dug against him, as the rodent squirmed in his pocket. Tears ran down Mavik's cheeks. It wasn't so much that his father was dead, but the realization that for a moment, Kelsen had been truly alive once more.
Ahead, the floors were muddy and sloped downwards. The room filled with steam and grew hot. As they drew closer, Mavik could make out a stream of magma traversing the corridor thin enough to step over.
 "I got to rest. You be havin' anymore water?" Emerelda's voice was raspy. They slumped against a boulder. The warmth from the magma stream felt comforting after a day filled with snow and ice.
 Mavik dug out his water skin from his cloak pocket, took a sip, and handed it to Emerelda. She took a sip and handed it back to him. "We better be savin' the rest. I be sorry about your father. It be hard." 
Mavik lifted Spark out from his pocket. She was an albino, white fur with a pink nose.
Emerelda petted its nose. "She be friendly little bugger."
"Her name is Spark."
"Spark be a good name for her. Maybe he named her that because he knew there be a spark of goodness left in himself. In all of us."
"Not Desha."
"Who knows, maybe even Desha?"
"He might have had one once, but he stomped it out long ago."
"You be alright?"
"Fine, thanks," he mumbled. Mavik was glad for the dark shadows that traversed his face. Emerelda wouldn't see him de-manned by tears. Helesian men weren't supposed to cry, but he had broken that taboo many a time. In his icy prison camp, his heart had frozen over a long time ago. It hadn't been till Emerelda arrived that he could feel it thawing, layer by layer, unearthing pent up emotion.
"We best be movin'. Still not sure we ain't bein' followed." She flexed her fingers and chanted a Guardian spell, but only tiny sparks fluttered on our fingertips. "Wraithin' hell, I be out of Source."
They inched slowly through a muddy tunnel, marching to the beat of the heart-like sound. They felt with their hands and feet to find their way through the dark. As they went farther down the tunnel, the corridor descended and the floor dampened. 
The water level rose past their thighs. They became soaked as well as exhausted, but were able to refill their skins with what they hoped was drinkable water. Onwards they stumbled on sore and tired legs. The tunnel spiked upwards. At times they had to scramble for handholds because the ascent was steep. The corridor curved, forked, and coiled. Mavik lost all sense of direction.
After a notch, they had to rest. Would they ever find a way out of this maze? Was there even one to be found? No slaves had found a way into the Lair of the Weaver, why should they be able to find a way out?
"Faith," Jijari whispered.
He unwrapped the food they'd brought with them, scraps of bread and hard tack. They ate only half, though they were still starving when they put the food away. He leaned against Emerelda and closed his eyes for a moment. 
Just for a moment.

-<>- 

"This is beyond outrageous! I am the Draconess! I order: release me. I will have your heads for this."
The Draconess was flung into the Plague room, door clanging shut behind her.
Jazlyn rushed to the Draconess. "Stepmother. Let me help you."
Jazlyn and the Tulkarian boy, named Rif, helped the Draconess to her feet. The Tulkarian boy was kind and gentle, as he helped the Draconess up. They were horrid to throw such a gentle soul in prison. Who could imagine this tiny boy doing harm to anyone?
The Draconess stepped over to the iron door and pounded her palm against it shouting, "I am the Draconess, daughter of Kero, granddaughter of Borleat, great-granddaughter of the Dragonking. I order you to release me! Open now or you'll pay dearly!"
Night stepped forwards, grabbing the Draconess's arm. The Draconess whirled around and stared into Night's scarred face with indignation. She started to call for her guards, before remembering that it was they who imprisoned her. "What is the meaning of grabbing my royal personage?"
"Did you know?" the old woman asked.
"Did I know what, pray tell?"  
"What your husband did to the former Draconess?"
Jazlyn was caught off guard. She hadn't thought about the question of whether the Draconess had been complicit in her mother's fate.
The Draconess stared at her. "What . . . she died during the birth of Jazlyn  . . . my husband-"
"And you let yourself believe this convenient lie? She was alive. They took her to the Isle of the Loons. She jumped into the boiling water, calling out her daughter's name."
Jazlyn suffered the heavy blow of Night's words as much as the Draconess did. Tears filling her eyes, and she gasped, clutching her mother's necklace. It glowed warmly against her neck. It seemed to hum the tune of her favorite lullaby, the Hatchling's Song:
Sleep little dragon, sleep with a song
All is not right, yet all is not wrong
The day will come when the strong shall weep, 
and the little ones will be strong
So sleep little dragon, sleep with a song

The Draconess closed her eyes and put a hand against the wall to steady herself. "Had you told me this a week ago, I would have dismissed it as a lie. But now . . . it seems what I didn't know about my husband-."
 "You could have sought the truth," Night shoved the Draconess's shoulder, pushing her against the wall. The Draconess's jaw dropped in shock. Night jabbed her with a finger. "It was more convenient to live in lies. You are guilty. When the Shadows come they shall judge you."
Rif grabbed Night's arm. "She's h-h-had enough."
Night jerked her arm away from him. "No. Not enough. Not yet, but soon, vengeance is coming, like a dagger in the night. I waited so long in that tower. I supped on bowls of injustice spiked with sleep. I've seen the Shadow Queen arising again in the water and the stars. My grandmother will rise again, and when she does, darkness shall reach across the land and tear out the heart of those who have betrayed her. Then- only then it will be enough." 
A woman's voice whispered in Jazlyn's head said, "Stop Night's tirade. It wasn't the Draconess's fault."
Who was talking? It certainly wasn't Asgaroth. Her mother's locket . . . was it possible . . . could it be her mother's voice? Dare she hope? She'd raised her hopes up that her mother was still alive, only to find out she was dead.
Night's face grew red. She shook a finger at the Draconess, "Guilty!" 
Jazlyn stepped towards Night. She grabbed the crazed old woman. Night's skin sagged on bony arms. The Draconess was in tears. Her stepmother had been more a parent to her than her father had ever been.
"It is my mother you speak of, and she would not condone your behavior in the slightest, you horrid old nag. In her name, I command you, stop this tirade. The Dracon is to blame. He is the enemy, and all in this room, his victims. If we have any hope of triumphing against him, then we must learn to work together."
"Hope." Night smiled a crooked smile. "Hope is black as night." 

Chapter 25
 Here We Come

The best heroes are ordinary people with a strength that often goes unrecognized. -Kolram
-<>-

Alaina's knife cut away both Wayden's physical bonds and the mental ones known as hopelessness and despair. Blood surged through his frozen limbs. His hated hempen enemy fell limp onto his lap. He resisted the urge to rub his wrist. 
Angry red grooves the rope dug red marks into his flesh, but he couldn't risk revealing to Isel that the bonds had been cut. The Sky Raider was seated behind Alaina, so there was no way to reach him from the front of the skywolf.
  Alaina leaned towards Wayden and whispered something but it was hard to hear over the wind. ". . . tug . . . cloak, use your Beast Tongue magic . . . wolf to flip around . . . Isel's leg straps."
Wayden dared not turn and ask for confirmation. He hoped he'd heard enough to understand what she wanted. I'm going to have to kill him, he realized. He shivered. This would be the first time he would kill a person. 
Murder is a sin, all the great religions agreed, but his would not be murder. Isel had set fire to Wayden's house, whipped slaves in the camps, and now was bringing him to his death. Wayden had to do it. 
"Them robbing you of your innocence is the Sky Raider's worst crime of all," Kolram said.
"Have you ever killed, Kolram?"
"Yes. I-I'd rather not discuss it."
Why wasn't Alaina signaling? Dark Fist drew nearer. What was she waiting for? Had she changed her mind? He dared not turn to see what was going on behind him. Finally, he felt a tug pulling on his cloak. Wayden stroked the sides of Isel's skywolf. He reached into the beast's mind and chanted, "With wings that turn the world around, spin and turn us upside down."
The wolf angled sharply, and then rolled in midair. The blood rushed to Wayden's head and his skin sagged downwards, but their bonds held. Isel's scream stretched, as his body plummeted onto the icy tundra. The Skyraider's body shattered upon impact, a pool of blood forming beneath him.
"Underneath all our clothes and faade, we're just meat," Wayden thought, feeling horror at the distant sight.
Wayden's heart thumped and his hands were shook. He felt sick. Shouldn't he be happy? This was his dream.
"Dreams often lose their flavor coming true," Kolram said. "Tis men like Isel who are happy when they kill. It is good to feel remorse, even for one's enemies."
"I had to do it."
"Indeed. You killed out of necessity, to defend the lives of others. And that is what makes you different from the Dracon with his lust for power or the Sky Raiders with their bottomless greed for more and more gold."
The wind buried Isel in snow. The dragon flew on.

-<>-
Alaina

In one stroke, Alaina had proven herself a Sky Raider, capable of killing, and betrayed that very cause. 
As she flew, the cold wind nibbled her face, with the kisses of an ice piranha. She guided the skywolf towards the dragon's pit. I'm a traitor. I murdered Isel.
 Laeko said the Weaver's Way was to cut a slash on your own shoulder for every man or woman you killed.
"You're thinking weak thoughts, when you should be preparing for war," Nadra said. "More than one will have to die before this day ends. For example, them."
Alaina looked ahead to the dragon pit. Two large Sky Raiders clutched spears and were staring upwards. They were probably puzzled why the Sky Daughter was flying there way. They didn't know their fate. That they were about to scorched by their royal liege. 
These two were guards she'd seen around campfires, in the combat hall dueling, in the mess hall scarfing haunches of meat. She bore them no particular ill will. But when the Skymaster had sentenced her to death, he'd declared himself and all his men her enemies. And if there was one lesson her dear father had imparted upon her, it was how one dealt with one's enemies. 
She summoned the Source Energy, letting it boil in her mouth. Then she chanted and gestured with her hands. "Let the flames be quick and merciful." 
They were quick all right, and perhaps as merciful as fire can be. Still, the two men died screaming and the nauseating scent of roasted man flesh filled the air. The wolf landed a dozen feet from the smoldering corpses. Alaina fell on her knees retching.
"You cannot afford this weakness, wolfrider," Nadra said. "Rise now, a warrior reborn in flames." 
Someone's footsteps raced towards her. The burnt boy. She recognized his reek and his worn shoes, even from her prostrate position. 
"Alaina? Are you alright?" Wayden asked. His voice trembled as he spoke. "I know that was hard. You had to do it. They were going to murder you. You had no choice."
"There's always a choice," Alaina said. Her voice felt raw.
Alaina pulled up the cloak to bare her arm and placed the knife tip against it.
"What are you doing?" Wayden asked.
Alaina cut a streak across her arm, red blood on green flesh. The pain felt soothing. "A cut for a death."
"No, enough bleeding." Wayden tore off a strip of cloth. He wrapped it tightly around her arm. "At the least, save it for the end of the day. This won't be our last fight. You'll need every ounce of blood you can get." 
Alaina sheathed her blade. Wayden and Nadra were right -the Sky Daughter had to be a wolf now. She'd mourn later.
Wayden prodded the smoking corpse with a stick until he found a set of what used to be keys. "These are melted. How are we going to open up the grate?"
"Keys aren't the only things that melt." Alaina chanted and summoned another coil of flame that twisted around and through the iron grating, turning the metal red hot. She then kicked it in with her booted heel. The metal fell into the dragon pit, sliding off the dragon's wings. The dragon didn't even react. It looked half dead. 
She's overheard her father discussing his plan with Goat. "The Dragon's a strain to control, even for me," her father had said.
 "We'll let her starve,' Goat had answered. 'Let her learn to be less feisty."
Gar had nodded. "Then she'll be my mount."
Alaina stared down into the pit. On a winged wolf Gar was a force to be reckoned with, but on a full grown dragon, he'd be death itself.
"Can you take control of the dragon?" Alaina asked.
"I . . . I can't break his spell. Your father's too strong a Beast Tongue. The pearl necklace amplifies his ability. I can't break his hold. I think we should use the winged wolf to escape." 
A shrill wind kicked up, blowing a spray of ice. Alaina shielded her face, as she spoke: "A dragon flies thrice the speed of a wolf. My father will use the dragon and Goat to trace us. If we have the dragon, they'll be hard pressed to capture us."
"I tried to break his hold before. It was useless."
"Then we're doomed."
Her bandage had slipped, and Alaina felt the blood running down her arm. Perhaps she'd gone in too deep.

-<>- 

Wayden's glance darted back and forth from the pit to the skyline, red and orange with the sunset disappearing into a sea of ice. 
"Soon the Third Moon will rise," Kolram said. 
Time was out. The Dracon, Dakarth, Gar-they'd all have their way-and the world would pay the price for it.
A mixture of sulfur and excrement wafted from the pit, a nauseating perfume. The dragon lay defeated, whimpering, like a beaten dog at the bottom of a dank grave. Her snakelike neck coiled like a rope, her eyes dull-gray stones.
	Wayden frowned. "The Skymaster hasn't broken her in completely, how do you expect me to?"
	"I don't expect anything. I'm just saying if you can't do this, we can try to run for it on a wolf, but Gar has a dragon and will catch us."
	"So I do this or they capture us. No worries then."
	Alaina flicked her tongue. "Nay, what are a few fingers, anyway? You don't need all ten."
	Wayden gave her a thin smile. "And they look so fetching on your father's neck. They bring out the color in his eye."
	"Watch it. Only I get to make the Cyclops jokes."
	"Cyclops! You know about the myths of the Ancients? Mavik and I -"
 "Perhaps we better focus on getting out of here alive."
Wayden studied the dragon. When he last tried to control her, Gar had been there. Perhaps now that he wasn't present, it would be easier? It was worth a try.
"Scale, wing, claw, and tail, you are mine, let me prevail," Wayden chanted.
Wayden could feel the power of his spell against Gar's, like a snowball against a glacier. It was hopeless. 
"During your training duels with Gar," Wayden thought, "did you ever beat him in a Beast Tongue fight?" 
 "No, Gar was undefeated, by me or any of the others," Kolram said. "However, now I have something I didn't have before: you."
"A lot of good that'll do." Wayden lowered himself down the slick walls of the mud pit. 
"Yes indeed, a lot of good it will do," Kolram said. 
"I'm not a Grandmaster. I'm not an Immortal. I'm just me."
"The best heroes are ordinary people with a strength that often goes unrecognized."
"I'm no hero. I'm a coward. I couldn't even stand up to Big Darius. I couldn't control the dragon."
"Push away those negative thoughts. What about going out on the ledge to help Night? Fighting the scagazi? Defeating Isel? You must believe in yourself, Wayden. I do not think the Source brought us together for no reason. The hands of fate work in mysterious ways."
Wayden placed his burnt forehead against Harth's scaly one. The dragon barely moved, just let out a pathetic snort, jerking her head a little. Her scales were warm to the touch.
Now what do I do? If the Source wanted this, why didn't the Source guide him now. He'd been drowned in prophets his whole life, yet none of them told him he'd face this.
Or had they?
 Mistress Night had told him of a tug-o'-war over a fiery cat, but she never told him anything after that. After that she just . . .
"Benol and the Warlock." Wayden's words emerged as clouds of breath.
Alaina squinted at him from above. "The story? Look, I like a good yarn too, but-"
"Once upon a time, there was a warlock known as the Glass Mage.," Wayden said, his mind half in a trance. 
"What?"
"Quiet for a moment." He placed his head against the dragon again. The taste of the Source was strong on his tongue. "Harth, I cannot control you. But, you can control me. Take my power and make it yours. Use it to set yourself free."
"Why would you do this?" Harth wondered, "What is the bargain that the man-child would strike?" 
"In the temple Dark Fist, bad men are preparing to murder innocents," Wayden communicated, "If I free you, would you help me stop them?"
"So you do this for yourself, for the plans of the man-child."
"You're right. I'm doing this for myself, but for others as well. I do this for me, you, and others like us, who are chained against our will."
The dragon shot out a blast of fire from her nostrils. "By claw and Fang, let it be so. In fire we are free. Man-child help Harth, Harth help man-child. It is the way of the scale."
When one typically took control of the mind of an animal, it was like using Source Energy as a battering ram to break through the walls of the animal's will. Wayden and Kolram thought of what the opposite of that would be. Their joint minds settled on an image of a gate opening up, a dam, letting flood waters enter the valley of their souls."In my heart, what power I find, give it to the dragon's mind." 
A wave of pain tore through Wayden. He sank to his knees, as he felt his mind being split open. The dragon's mind wriggled into him. He cried out in pain. He forced himself to hold onto the Connection with Harth, but it was excruciating.
Then the pain disappeared. Wayden felt as if he was floating above the world, as if he was a bird, watching from above. The dragon's power felt like it was exploding, growing exponentially. Her eyes glowed, as if they held burning candles, no, more like the power miniature suns. Gar's magic was straining, on the verge of breaking . . . yet . . . it didn't. 
 "No! It's not fair!" Wayden thought, "I did what Night asked me. I gave you my power. Why isn't it working?"	
"I am weak, like a man child," Harth said, "Harth's mind is fed now, but her body is starved, weakened."
Wayden relayed this to Alaina.
Alaina drummed on her cleaved chin with her straw-like fingers. "Ozac eyeballs. They'll probably feed the dragon. Then she'll be strong again and use her and Goat to catch up with us."
Feed the dragon . . . how do you feed a dragon? Volkanus consumed his sustenance from the lava flowing beneath the Red Palace. Wayden smacked his forehead.
"Alaina, you're a Fire-Whisperer. Can you let her drink your flame?"
Alaina extended an arm to help Wayden clamber up out of the pit. "Are you sure that's a good idea? I don't want to hurt her."
"Dragons drink and bathe in fire," Wayden said, pulling himself over the icy lip of the pit.
Alaina gestured with her hands, spinning circles in the air, fingers extended in ways no other Fire-Whisperer's could extend. "Magma inside, churn, blood fires, burn."
Alaina's flames came from the tips of suction-cupped fingers. Sparks spiraled outwards, like burning dandelion seeds wafting on a breeze. The dragon was hard to see, as the flames bathed her, but Wayden felt her strengthening and the magical shackles of Gar's hold breaking. Wayden could feel the dragon's exuberance at its freedom, but at the same time, felt his own energy draining. He felt a hollowness, as if he were just a shadow of himself. 
The dragon flapped her wings and flew out of the pit, landing on the ground next to Wayden and Alaina. Her eyes swirled blood red, with flecks of black and gold.
Harth let out a wonderful roar, a growl of freedom. "The debt is owed to Wayden, speaker of the tongue. The debt is owed to Alaina, sister giver of flame."
"You wear your honor like a scaly armor," Wayden thought.
 "Are you alright?" Alaina asked, placing a hand on his shoulder.
"Yes, just a bit tired."
"So what now? Where are we going?"  Alaina asked.
Wayden looked at the horizon. The moon silhouetted in lime, the temple Dark Fist. He felt a pull from Dark Fist. He grabbed at his chest, wincing.
 "You feel the Connection Spell too, don't you?" Alaina asked. "They have some of the other soul hosts in Dark Fist. They're in trouble."
She was right. It was faint, but it was there. Mavik's pull emanated from there and others he'd never felt before as well. 
"Solita," Kolram whispered. 
It was as if the Source were directing him: there- you must fly there, into the maw of his enemy.
"My brother and others. I have to try and help them."
Alaina squeezed his upper arm. "Fly into Dark Fist? Have you gone moon howling? There are a couple of armies in there and worse. We got this dragon to fly away from Gar, not right into his arms. Your brother and Laeko wouldn't have wanted us to fly to our deaths."
"I have to try."
"This isn't a story where the little boy can overcome a giant. In real life the boy gets crushed."
Wayden ran a hand across Harth's scales. Heat emanated from beneath them. "The dragon is on our side this time and so is the Source." Wayden put his hands on Alaina's shoulders. He felt their fine muscles working beneath smooth skin that somehow caught and held his fingertips for the briefest moment as he let them go. "Alaina, you don't need to go, but I do. My whole life has led to this. This is what is right."
"Dying is right?"
"Trying. Trusting my heart. If I die now, so be it. I won't live my life regretting that I never tried." Wayden squeezed her hand. It was leathery, yet soft. "But you . . . you have something to live for. You should go. Fly away from here and be free."
Alaina studied him. Her golden eyes were two miniature suns. "No. No, I don't. Well . . . the future. I can live for the future where maybe I'll be happy someday. Where maybe I'll have friends and family that care about me." 
"You deserve those."
"So do you. So does Laeko and your brother and all the rest. I've tried to deny that it was wrong to keep slaves. We lived high up in the clouds and despised those laboring beneath us, but I was wrong." Alaina stepped close. Wayden felt her warmth. Tears raced down her scaly cheeks. "I'm not going to find forgiveness running away from the people who need me. I made a promise to try and save Laeko. So, if you are heading to your death, I'm coming too. Just come closer for a moment."
Wayden had never been this near a girl before. Her golden eyes lassoed him in. She grabbed the back of his head with her reed-like fingers, drawing his lips to hers. Her lips were soft and wonderful, her mouth a warm haven against the cold. The ice dam in his heart melted into a swirl of emotions. 
"What are you doing?" Kolram asked. "Solita-"
"Shut thy breath, Kolram." 
If Wayden was heading to his death, he'd let himself enjoy the kiss and to the wraiths with the consequences. When she finally released him, she said, "I've never kissed a boy. I wanted to before I die."
"Do you think I'm going to let us die after that?" Wayden clambered aboard the dragon. "You've given me something to live for. Look out, Gar. Here we come." 

Chapter 26
A Love Dodecahedron

I never said you won. -Ec
-<>-

In shadow form, Verica followed Ravenna and Ec down the winding corridors of the Red Palace, towards the southwestern gate. Ember Haldur and his men were checking both the contents and passengers of the incoming wagons, which were being allowed through the portcullis one at a time.
 Ec nodded at Haldur. They entered the Cubby and Ravenna closed the door behind them. Verica let the color return to her flesh, shadows receding up her arms.
"Can we trust Haldur?" Verica asked.
"Completely," Ravenna said.
"How much did you trust Cyreves?"
Ravenna's face deflated. "Completely."
"I miss the days when my worst problems involved split ends."
Verica frowned at the large wicker supply baskets, hanging on the sides of Ec's skywolf. Ec had been commissioned to fly to Dark Fist as a supply master. 
Verica's stomach turned just thinking about flying in a rickety old basket. "Will it hold my weight? The barrel plan hadn't fare very well. Now wicker baskets? Why would this work out any better?" 
"Because I've foreseen it," Ec said. "You free your friend at Dark Fist during the ritual."
"Did you see a vision of Cyreves betraying us and Jazlyn getting captured before your barrel plan?"
Ec blushed. "This one did not see."
"Then how do you know you aren't missing something about this one?"
"The Future is not set in stone, but . . ."
"Flows through water, I know, I know."
"This is what I know. I saw you getting out the basket at Dark Fist. You will play a crucial role. All the junctures I searched, all the visions I attempted, all the possible futures that do not end in darkness lead to this. Even Cyreves's betrayal played a role. Now that he is not supply master, they pick me to take his position. The Source guides us mysteriously."
"A bit too mysteriously." Verica chewed a nail. "This will be like sticking my head into the dragon's mouth."
"Except more dangerous," Ravenna added.
"The Source takes us to unexpected places," Ec said. "Challenges us. Trust in the Source."
Verica had been surprised to learn that Ec was a Prophetess. The Source had told the Mantu to take the job in the scullery, foreseeing that she would play an important role in thwarting a great evil. And all this time, Verica had thought of her just as a source of lemon biscuits. Of course, that was an important role too . . . 
"It's a paradox," Lukor said. "If Ec hadn't told you that she'd seen you doing this, you wouldn't be doing it. She foresaw you doing this and now you do it."
"I has to with the conjunctions or something-or-other."
"If you believe that."
"Do you think she's lying?"
"Humans are capable of deceit as you are well aware. A second possibility is the Source itself be deceitful. Do we know what it is? Who controls it? What are its aims?"
"You have a heretical mind," Verica thought. "I like it." She turned to Ec and asked, "How can we know if we can trust the Source?"
Ec shrugged her bony shoulders. "If we can't trust the Source then all is truly lost. What other choice do we have?"
The choice was Verica could let the Dracon murder Jazlyn, while she stood aside and did nothing. Then Asgaroth would emerge and start another Dark War, which would kill thousands. Or she could do her best to stop it. 
There was no option. She'd never set out to be a heroine. She'd never wanted much of anything, except to play mumbly ball with Jazlyn and eat biscuits, and maybe, if she was truly daring, put some itch powder in Ko's sleeping robes. But that was the extent of her wildest imaginings. Now fate had decided to throw the destiny of the world in her lap.
 Stupid fate. 
"If I have to die," Verica said. "I'd rather go trying to stop the darkness, than waiting for it." 
 "Three Moons day is not the day you die," Ec said. "I see you in the future falling down into a pit."
"Falling into a pit? Ec, this is madness," Ravenna protested. "You're sending Verica to her death."
Ec shook her head. "The pit is not an end, Ravenna, it's a beginning. Verica has a crucial role to play on the Night of the Three Moons. If she doesn't go, not only will Jazlyn, your parents, and others perish, but the whole world will be thrown into darkness."
"No worries then," Verica said.
Footsteps sounded from the corridor outside the storage room. Ec's webbed hands shoved Verica's head down and the basket lid closed on her. A nice tight dark, prison. If a Flicker grabbed her like they grabbed Jazlyn, how could she escape? Her breathing became ragged. Would they hear her exhale? The thought made her panic even more.
"Remain calm," Lukor said. "Picture a peaceful place." 
She pictured herself in a boat with Jazlyn on a calm lake. The sun was shining and they were just two normal girls, no wraiths, no Immortals. They were laughing and singing under a gentle sun. Jazlyn stripped down and leapt into the water. Verica reached for her, but Jazlyn was drifting away, taken by the currents. Verica paddled harder to catch up to her, but the currents were pushing them in opposite directions. A seagull cawed overhead. "Wake up."
She didn't realize she'd fallen asleep, until Ec's voice awoke her. 
"Wake, little one. We've landed for the night. We're in Deep Woods. If you use Shadow Form, you can come out and stretch for a moment."	
Ec acted as if she were straightening something in the basket, as Verica used her as a ladder to pull herself out. Verica was so wobbly and bow-legged, she had a near miss, almost crashing into a Flicker. 
Verica followed Ec away from the main party. The Mantu led her out past the make-shift spear fence, towards a stone ruin, overgrown with brown, shriveled vines. Carvings of dancing horsemen decorated the remaining walls. The roof had collapsed long ago and patches of stars shone through it. A large glass-barked mirror tree grew over what had once been the doorway to the temple. A beating sound pulsed from below the cracked tiled floor. 
Ec sat on what had likely once been the base of a pillar. "Remember, Verica how you received your scar." 
"I'm not likely to forget." Verica ran her finger down the length of her scar, feeling the coolness of it.
"It must happen again," Ec whispered.
"What?" Verica grabbed Ec and shook her. "What did you foresee, you green-skinned lunatic?"
"I saw you with the Sword of Luminescence, fighting Asgaroth," Ec answered.
Verica's jaw dropped. "You're insane. I'm going to die."
"You must learn to trust the Source, little one."
"Oh, just fight Asgaroth?" Verica rolled her eyes. "The Bone King just has, let's see? telekinesis, invulnerable, super-human strength and agility. Should be easy. I've taken a few jousting lessons. So I can beat an Immortal who crossed swords with the Dragonking himself, no problem."
 Ec's eyes met Verica's, and Verica felt like she was drowning in their molten gold. "Beat?  I never said you won."

-<>- 

Mavik was only half aware he was dreaming. A blue bed curtain fluttered in front of him. The thunderous boom emanated from behind it. He slid the drape open, whispering. "Emerelda? Is that you?"
In the bed lay his mother, pale-faced and clutching a red rose. Her eyes shot open. "She's coming." 
Mavik awoke to find he was still in a nightmare. An eyeless female half-Mantu held a blade against his neck. 
"A Woven One," Jijari said. "Servants of the Weaver."
A red-eyed, light-skinned Ozac held a struggling Emerelda. Mavik's throat was dry. I was a fool to let my guard down in such a place.
 "Is this girl the Guardian, Finder?" the Ozac asked a girl wearing a fox mask. 
"Of course. Do you doubt the Weaver?" 
"Of course not." The Ozac's voice held a hint of sarcasm in it.. "And who do we have . . . by the light of the Eye . . . Wayden is that you?"
"Wayden? You know my brother?" Mavik exclaimed. He could feel the rat, Spark, squirm in his pocket as he jolted suddenly upright.
"Brother?" the Ozac's face gray face whitened. "Twin-brother?"
"That's right. You know him?"
"Source save us. Twins! Oh, what have I done? Queranos, forgive me. I'm blinder than you."
"Quiet Anaz! Let me think." Queranos removed the knife from Mavik's neck All eyes following her bare webbed feet pace. She halted. "This changes nothing."
The fox-masked girl approached Mavik. He felt the Connection towards her. Finder's hands glowed yellow, with images of a blue fish and an amber snake dancing across her palms. 
"A child with the powers of a Magic-finder. She must host . . . Zaburn," Jijari thought.
 A memory danced past Mavik's eyes: Jijari embracing and kissing Zaburn by the base of an enormous waterfall, a spire of one of the towers of the Ancient Alatian Empire jutting up from the bottom of a lake. Jijari pushed him away. "We cannot do this."
"I don't care about the Sunken Faith anymore," Zaburn said. "Let us leave just the two of us. Don't we deserve a chance to be happy?"
Jijari shook her head. "You do. I don't."
The memory faded as Finder's fox mask nudged Mavik. "You're scared." She placed a glowing finger on his forehead and pushed on it. "Good." She laughed and grabbed his arm, leading him forward. Anaz held Emerelda's wrist as the Woven Ones led them down a dimly lit corridor. 
"Where are you taking us?" Mavik asked. "How do you know Wayden? What did you mean you have the wrong one? Where is Wayden?"
"So many questions from the Splasher's host," Finder's gray eyes swirled. "Why should the water ask, when the water can see?"
"The water will show what it will," Mavik said. "How did you know I hosted Jijari?" 
"The Connector knows the Connections better than any," Finder released him. "Each tug is a different signature." Finder put her hands on her ears and laughed. "Alright Zaburn!" She turned back to Mavik again. "Zaburn wants to tell you he misses Jijari." Finder ran a mockingly tender finger across Mavik's cheek. Then she dug her nail into his flesh. "He loves her so." Finder laughed again, as Mavik winced.
Zaburn loves Jijari, Jijari is inside me, I love Emerelda, Emerelda hosts Solita, Solita loves Kolram, and my brother hosts Kolram. It wasn't a love triangle, it was a love dodecahedron. And the fact that half of them were dead just made it even more tangled.
Mavik decided to change focus. "Why does the Weaver need us?"
Finder removed her fox mask, revealing a dark-skinned face set with high cheekbones and full lips. "The Weaver keeps her patterns secret." Images of light played in Finder's palms. "Enemies are nearby. Hurry."
Anaz grabbed Mavik's arm. He was forced along at a fast clip, racing through twisting corridors. Mavik didn't trust the Weaver, but he didn't see another way to find an exit to this maze. Besides, Anaz's grip was strong as iron.
Finder's hands glowed and wolves appeared in them. "We must move before the Guardians take us."
 "So Centuron's Guardian Knights are still here," Jijari said. "Warring against the Woven Ones."
"Guardians-like Emerelda. They might be allies for us."
"Perhaps. Then again, perhaps not. Not all Prophets fight for the same side, there is no reason to think the Guardian branch to be more united."
 Mavik's stomach grumbled. He guessed they wouldn't stop for a meal with enemies on their trail. They passed through a large chamber decorated with murals. There were stars and lines painted between them. When they reached the exit, Finder pointed at a doorway. "You two must go alone."
The glow stones in the ceiling flickered and the ground shook. For a moment Mavik feared a cave in. He grabbed Emerelda and ducked to the ground. The tremor passed. When Mavik stood up again, the Woven Ones had vanished.
Mavik considered trying to retrace their steps, but if they were to ever leave this place they had to go forward. It was that or be lost underground forever. The drip-drip-drip of water played over the bass notes of the heart sound, creating an eerie orchestra.
"We better keep moving," Mavik said.
The corridor emptied out into a large cavernous room. The stone ceiling bore a ring of amber Guardian magic embedded into it. In the center of the room lay a beating Heart Stone, with metal tendrils attached to a milk-white woman, enshrouded in a Guardian field. Around the room were hundreds of sculptures: bird men, goat men, horse men, deer men, wolf men, every other combination of animal and man. They were wrought of plaster, mud, and clay, tightly wrapped in linens. Mavik was unnerved by how life-like they were.
The Source emanated from the Heart Stone with a taste so strong Mavik wanted to gag. Wayden had expressed it best, when he told Mavik the Source tasted like eating dirt. Thinking of his brother made him realize something that had been tugging at the back of his mind, a familiar sensation that he hadn't felt in many years. The revelation hit him like a shock of cold water: Wayden's Pull! His brother was close. 
The Guardian shield hummed and crackled.  Who was this woman in white? A dozen shadows wriggled at her feet. Mavik turned to Emerelda. "Can you release her?"
"Should I be trying?" Emerelda asked. "Solita says not to. She thinks this be the Shadow Queen."
"Solita is right," Jijari said. "This is that unholy she-devil."
"Maybe she can help us," Mavik thought. "We need someone to get us out of here. This is where the Source led us. How do you know she's bad?"
"She betrayed the other Immortals."
"She fought against people like Asgaroth? That makes her bad? It doesn't seem to me the Immortals were particularly good. I don't think anything is simple. Why are shadows bad and light good? Light can blind, shadows can cool."
The ground beneath their feet lurched. Mavik's heart beat as loud as the pulsating stone in the center of the room. The floor lurched again and began to vibrate. Clawing sounds grew louder and louder till Mavik imagined he could feel them tickling the bottom of his feet.
"More scagazi," Mavik said. "I think we have to release her or we'll be their dinner."
"No," Jijari said. "She is the Devil of the Dark. Do not do this bitter deed, which shall lead to nothing but despair and regret." 
Emerelda gestured at the Guardian shield and chanted various incantations. She shook her head. "It's not budging."
The floor shook. A dozen brown pincer-like claws emerged from the dirt.
Emerelda chewed her lip. "There sure be a lot of 'em." Her hands glowed amber, ready with her Guardian magic. "I be gettin' really tired of these buggers."

Chapter 27 
The Jade Moon

Vengeance does not heal. It only brings more death. -Kolram

-<>-  

With the birth of night, Jazlyn's death neared. 
The third moon filled the sky, as terrifying as it was majestic. Jazlyn had never gazed on the jade moon before, except with infant eyes. 
This would be her final sunset, her final night in this world. The land beyond this one would be a kinder place. She drove back the urge to cry. She was the Daughter Draconi. They'd not see her weep. With every end comes something new.
The astronomical experience might have been more inspiring had she not been awaiting her death bound and gagged. Gags were aptly named, for they did induce a profound desire to retch. She was not sure that the cloth stuffed into her royal mouth had even been laundered.
 The tall, gangly guard from the Plague Room, guided her towards the center of the inner ring. Jazlyn's entourage had camped overnight in Deep Woods. She spent a restless night listening to the mustachioed fool blabbering to a rotund guard about Raslonian ice fishing. It was as if they were heading off to a picnic rather than a slaughter.
 Viciousness was one thing; it was what beasts did. But it was the guard's pretense of civility that struck Jazlyn as perverse. He took the rules of law and turned them into excuses for sadism.
 "You were just as guilty," Asgaroth said. "You watched your father arrest innocents while you sipped your tea and chatted with your wraith friend. Just as these guards will watch as they murder you."
Jazlyn was escorted to Asgaroth's entrapped body. With her hands bound, she found it easier to waddle like a lava penguin than to walk like the Blood of the Dragon. Asgaroth was absurdly handsome. 
"How can something so ugly inside, be so beautiful on the out?" Jazlyn wondered.
Around Asgaroth were a thousand villainous faces. Gar, the Dracon, Dakarth, and their armies. The moonlight glinted off the chain hauberks of the Flickers and the bone-grafted steel of the Raslonian soldiers, turning them into an emerald army.
 In the inner ring stood Dakarth, Dracon, and Chief Prophet, Crow. Jazlyn's father and Crow had Royal Companions, Oz Strongfist and another Dragon Knight stood on either side of them. Dakarth had burly bodyguards of his own, wearing gilded bones.
 The mustachioed Flicker dragged Jazlyn past Asgaroth towards the one-eyed Skymaster. When Gar had possession of Jazlyn he turned to one of his men and said, "Alright, tell them to fly in the rest of the prisoners."
Skywolves hauled in more and more prisoners, mostly magi Jazlyn didn't recognize. The prisoners were placed in two groups: one near Asgaroth's body and a larger group on the other side of the inner ring near the dais where the Dracon stood. 
A queue of skywolves formed, awaiting their turn to land and deliver their prisoners. The captives from the Sky Raider camp looked even more pitiful than the ones from the Plague room, something Jazlyn would not have thought possible a few days ago. They appeared skeletal and many had stumps where fingers ought to have been. Beneath the blanket of voices and clatter, Jazlyn heard the rhythmic beating of the Heart Stone.
The cold metal of Gar's knife tickled Jazlyn's neck. By Gar's side was his skywife, wearing a tiara and a bruised eye to mark her dualistic position. 
"Soon my sons will free me as prophesized," Asgaroth said.
"Sons? Dakarth is here, but what of Karsgoth?"
"Karsgoth is here. Has always been right under your smug Helesian noses. Every idea your father ever thought was his own was planted by my sons."
Karsgoth was here? Where? She scanned the room and her eyes settled on Crow's lacquered beak . . . not where, but who . . . who had guided the Dracon to this juncture? Whose counsel had her father been swallowing? Who practiced prophecy like Karsgoth had, yet wore an animal mask, more common for a Magic-Finder than a Splasher?
Did her father know the truth? Even if he didn't, even if she could somehow get her gag off, and tell him, would it change anything? He was obtaining his coveted powers, and to the wraiths with the consequences.
Her father adjusted his golden veil and crown. The Dracon strode up to Gar. "You agreed to bring your daughter for the ritual. Where, pray tell, are the hosts of Kolram, Jijari, and Solita?"
Gar reddened. "Jijari's and Solita's hosts escaped. I've sent men out to recapture them. My daughter and Kolram are on their way. I'm not sure what's taking so long. Goat, go and check on Isel."
Goat nodded and clambered onto his skywolf. 
The Heart Stone beat on.
					
-<>-

The icy ground raced by below Wayden. The memory of Isel's bloody body falling from the wolf came back to him. Life was so easy to snuff out. Too easy.
His fear of approaching danger grew stronger as the distant stone fist drew closer with every beat of the dragon's wings. They were flying towards certain death. Yet of the myriad of emotions competing inside of him, it was delight that won through. 
"I'm a dragon rider!" he shouted. "I'm wraithin' riding on a dragon!"
"Don't fall off," Alaina chided. 
She sounded calm. Wayden supposed for her this wouldn't be too different from riding on a skywolf. The dragon ride was exciting, but it was only a close second to the sensation of Alaina's kiss. He was conscious of her arms clasped around him, the warmth of her body against his own. What would she do, if he turned around and kissed her again?
"Focus, young Wayden," Kolram said, "One needs a mind as sharp as a razor's edge when one flies into battle."
They were less than a league from Dark Fist. Rays of sun cast brilliant reds and purples across the snow. As they flew, the rim of the third moon rose, lighting the sky in an emerald hue.
The third moon was a sight to behold. It was easily as large as Dark Fist itself. Wayden had heard that even the regular moons pulled at the tides, but on a night of the Three Moons, sailors kept their boats off the water or in harbor. Beaches and shorelines weren't safe from the huge waves that would roll in. 
 As the sky darkened, Wayden's mood sobered as well. 
What was he doing? He was making decisions so quickly, could he be sure he was making the right choice? He was flying towards certain death. And . . . he had kissed . . . the Skymaster's daughter. He'd sworn vengeance on the Sky Raiders, not to kiss their daughters. But the kiss had felt so good- if it was wrong, why did it feel so right? The last seven years had been not much more than bleakness after bleakness. This was like a tulip bursting through the ice.
"It felt pleasurable, but that does not make it right," Kolram said, "Solita is my wife."
"Yours, not mine. I said no vows," Wayden thought. "This is my life, Kolram. I'm sorry you lost yours, but you can't live vicariously through me."
"I know . . . it's just so frustrating."
"Someday, we'll find a way to return you to your own body."
"How? Where would I go? My own body is decayed and gone. If I were taken out of you, I would likely just enter some other baby and have the same problem all over again."
"I don't know. There must be a way. I only hope we live to find it."
A figure on a skywolf emerged from Dark Fist. Bathed in green moonlight, he could make out the lacquered mask of a goat. 
"Harth, that is Goat," Wayden communicated to the dragon. "An enemy."
"Harth knows the tracker who hounded and made Harth a helpless thrall. Be he man or goat, he shall be repaid in flame."
Wayden thought of Isel falling from the wolf and for a moment felt nauseated, but then he steeled himself. He nodded. "Do it." 
Harth sucked in air, neck sacs ballooning, and streams of black smoke rising from her nostrils. Her scaly hide grew warm and then she exhaled. An orange ball of flaming gas hurdled through the air, spits of light spiking out from the fiery sphere. 
Goat screamed as dragon flame spread up and down his body. The Magic-finder's lacquered mask fell away, revealing a man screaming in pain. Wayden felt a moment of remorse, seeing how ordinary Mavik's kidnapper was beneath his otherworldly disguise. Then Goat plummeted, his body buffeted by the wind, thumping against the edge of the Anvil, and finally coming to a rest on the snow below. The smell of burnt flesh permeated the air.
Revenge was like eating a whole apple crumble, sumptuous at first, but left you sick. Goat had done terrible things, but to see any man charred to death was more nauseating than satisfying. 
"Vengeance does not heal," Kolram said. "It only brings more death." 
"At least there has been justice." 
"Goat sealed his own fate, I will not argue that," Kolram said. "Still, he was just a pawn. The true enemy is near." 
Too near. Wayden could taste Gar's power even from here. How much stronger would it be when Wayden and Gar were face to face?

-<>-  

Jazlyn shivered. Cold air blew in through the breeched wall. Some of the Flickers held torches that wavered in the wind.
"Source, if you can hear me, answer my prayers. Stop this madness," Jazlyn thought.
"You're a fool," Asgaroth said, "There is no Source. The Silver Goddess is the true power."
The same woman's voice Jazlyn heard in her mind before spoke again. "You're wrong, Asgaroth. The Source is real and it shall guide Jazlyn."
"Who are you?" Jazlyn asked the woman.
"You know who I am, my daughter."
Mother . . . tears filled Jazlyn's eyes. The locket felt warm against her neck. Gol had said her mother owned this necklace. Could her mother be speaking through the locket somehow? But how?
Jazlyn saw a memory flit through her mind: Asgaroth clutching a diamond brooch, shaped like a flower.
 "Lyssa," he'd called. "Lyssa can you hear me?"
"I'm here, my darling," a woman's voice called from the jeweled pin.
Asgaroth yanked the memory away, growling, "That memory is not for you." 
"Were you able to speak to Lyssa through the brooch?"
"Get out of my mind."
"If you get out of mine."
"Soon enough."
Dakarth stepped onto a raised dais, joining the Dracon, and pointed his hand towards the rising moon. "It is almost time."  
"My job is done," Gar said.
"Done?" The Dracon asked. "Where is the Sky Daughter, bearer of the Grandmistress of Flame? Where are the hosts of the other Grandmasters? Jijari, Kolram, and Solita were in your possession supposedly. You did not deliver your full promise, and it will halve your profits." 
"I think not." Gar pressed the knife tip against Jazyln's throat. "You'll give me my price or your daughter will pay."
The Dracon glowered, but said nothing as Crow ordered the Flickers, "Give the Skymaster the gold." Ozacs loaded bulging sacks onto skywolves.
Crow and Dakarth don't want me to die until they could pry Asgaroth's soul from me, Jazlyn thought. After that, they'll kill me themselves or send me to the Isle of the Loons. 
Gar made a mock bow. "We'll take our leave now. I'll take your daughter with me for insurance that your men don't practice archery on me during my flight out of here." 
Dakarth grabbed Gar's arm and for a moment the dictator and the one-eyed Sky Raider were a hair's breadth apart. Dakarth's voice was a hiss. "You'll leave the girl. You'll have your gold and leave alive. Otherwise, I will make it my life goal to give you the most painful death you ever imagined. So what will it be- gold or death?"
Gar's face reddened, but he mumbled. "Very well." 
The Skymaster released Jazlyn's arm, but it brought her little relief. It didn't matter which wolf ate her, she'd be just as dead.
Gar and Yveka climbed on the back of a huge skywolf. "Sky Raiders. With me." The wolves jingled as they flew off the ground.

-<>- 

The moon was higher over temple Dark Fist now, transforming the creamy white of snow crystals to emerald. Wayden traced the tip of his finger against the back of Alaina's hand. 
"Hey boy, just because I gave you a kiss, don't think I'm your betrothed now. It was only because we're flying to our deaths, alright? If we live through this maybe I'll let you take me to a fancy ball or something. Whatever you Lava-Heads do."
"Lava-Heads?"
"Red Landers. Helesians. Whatever you go by."
"Lava Heads?" 
A dozen Sky Raiders emerged from the breached wall. Wayden felt Gar Skymaster's presence before he even made out his figure saddling the lead skywolf. 
Wayden had been face to face with Gar just a notch ago, but somehow this was different. This was it. The chance to face off against Gar that he had dreamt of for so long. Yet instead of feeling elated, Wayden felt cold terror grip him. It was one thing to imagine facing off with the Skymaster, another to actually go up against one of the most powerful men in the world. Even Harth, sensing Gar's power, was quivering.
 The dragon stopped flying and merely used its wings to hover. Gar's entourage was almost as impressive as the Skymaster himself. The Sky Raiders were enormous and muscle bound, riding on equally fierce looking winged beasts. The Skymaster's wife looked at least as tough as Gar did, seated behind the one-eyed tyrant.
 Gar pulled the reins of his skywolf, bringing him to a halt, a dozen feet from Harth. Slobber dripped from his wolf's maw.
 "Daughter," Gar bellowed. "What do you think you're doing? That's my dragon you are riding. And your prisoner seems to have lost his bonds. I suggest retying them."
"No."
With that one word, Wayden felt both admiration for Alaina and shame of his own fearfulness.
"No?" Gar turned to catch the eye of one of the other Sky Raiders prompting them to laugh. Then after a moment of this mummer's show, Gar held up his hand and they fell silent. "Alaina, dear heart. Don't do something you'll regret."
Alaina's jaw quivered and her voice came out strong and sharp as a knife. "I have many regrets, Father. You have laid hands on many skywives and, to my shame, I said nothing. You enslaved Laeko. I said nothing. So I have many regrets, father, but this? this is not one of them. I'll not be the Tyrant's daughter."
Wayden noticed as Alaina distracted him, Gar's powers seemed minutely diminished. "If I can throw Gar off balance, get him angry, maybe then, Harth and I can beat him."
 "I can think of no better plan," Kolram said.
Wayden laughed aloud in what he hoped would be taken as a mocking tone, though his insides felt liquid. "Gar, the great Skymaster. You can't even rule your own daughter, much less the sky."
"I rule what I want to rule."
Wayden tried to push against Gar's power, but if it had rattled the Skymaster's hold, it wasn't enough. He needed a new plan.
"You hide behind your little trinket, your necklace is what truly gives you power." Wayden tried to catch the Skywife's eye. She was looking at him with her non-swollen eye, but Wayden had no idea if she had received the message.
Gar curled his lip. "What did you say?"
"Are you deaf as well as stupid and cruel? Look how you treat your wife." Again Wayden caught the Skywife's eye. "You think because your necklace makes you so strong that you can treat people like you treat your animals, with heartless cruelty. In truth, it's you who is the beast."
"You're just like Kolram," Gar spat. "So pompous. We'll see how superior you feel when I force the dragon to eat you piece by piece."
Yveka's knife flashed, cutting the sinew. The pearls fell from the necklace into the swirling snows below.
Wayden and Harth felt Gar's power slip away, diminishing with every falling pearl. 
Harth's satisfaction was palpable as she snorted a burst of defiant fire. "Can Harth have the honor to finish little-man-with-big-mouth?"
 Before Wayden could answer, a point of a knife burst through Gar's neck, a spray of blood running down his cloak. The Skymaster's jaw dropped. Then Yveka pulled the knife out, cut Gar's leg straps, and shoved him off the wolf. Gar plummeted to the icy ground below. 
"I told him not to hit me." Yveka wiped the blood from her blade. "Men. They never listen." She shook out her long blue hair. "I should have done that ages ago, but I wanted to wait until Gar got me my gold." Yveka turned her wolf to face the other Sky Raiders. "I claim the mantle of the Sky. If anyone denies my claim speak now and taste my blade. I killed the he-wolf, and I will end anyone else who stands in my way. Join me and we will reclaim the old ways of the Sky Riders. We will share in this coin equally."
One of the Sky Raiders said, "Follow a woman? I'd rather f-"
A knife whirled through the air and thumped into the Sky Raider's forehead. He plummeted to the ice below. Yveka drew another blade.
"Anyone else want to challenge the Daughter of the Wolf?" 
The Sky Raiders glanced at each other. They saluted with pumped fists and chanted, "Hail, Yveka Skymistress. May the winds be with you." 
Yveka let out a triumphant howl. If Wayden hadn't seen it come from her lips, he would have sworn it came from a wolf.
Yveka turned towards Alaina. "As for you Alaina, you are no enemy to me, but you are no longer Skydaughter. Gar seized the power, but now he is gone, and the true daughter of the Wolf reigns again. You can have your freedom, Alaina, daughter of the dead. I bear you no enmity, but no friendship shall you claim either. If we meet again, I will not be so generous."
Alaina nodded. "So be it. Farewell, Yveka, Mistress of the Sky."
Yveka tugged her reins, letting out another spine tingling howl. The wolf flew towards the Nest, Sky Raiders struggling to keep pace behind her, wolves overladen with the bulging sacks. Wayden hoped she would use her new found power and wealth wisely.
"I'm sorry about your father. And losing your pack," Wayden said.
 "Maybe it's for the best. Laeko used to say sometimes you have to get lost to be found."
"Don't you hate prophets?"
"I know! Can't they ever speak plainly?"
Wayden glanced down. A blood stain splattered the snow near the gargantuan obsidian boulder known as the Skull. He always thought he'd be the one to finish off Gar. Still, there was nothing wrong with having a little help from time to time. He scanned for Gar's body, but it wasn't there. Had it been buried by the snow? An uneasy feeling made the hairs on the back of his neck tingle. Whatever happened to Gar, Wayden had no time for it now. He had a murderous sacrifice to stop. 
He spurred the dragon towards the Fist.

-<>-

Mavik struggled to remain calm as a dozen scagazi burst through the ground. 
"Something is wrong," Jijari said, "Why did the Source lead us to this den of evil?"
"Well, you're the one always telling me to have faith in the Source. Let's have faith then. It's that or let the scagazi finish us."
Mavik knew what he must do. He needed to free the Shadow Queen. The rat squirmed out of Mavik's cloak and raced across the metal tentacle as if urging Mavik onwards. 
Mavik grabbed the metal wires binding the milk-white woman. Emerelda had pushed back the Guardian magic enough that Mavik could yank the metal cords, but they still wouldn't budge no matter how hard he pulled.
Sweat dotted Emerelda's brow. "If you going to be doin' something, then do it! I can't hold it!" 
Mavik grunted. The dirt beneath his feet rumbled. The sound of claws digging drew closer. The Heart Stone thumped. Mavik sighed. "Here's hoping I'm doing the right thing." He pulled his hardest on the wires. They didn't budge.

Chapter 28 
Madness

I've waited a long time for this. -Belok

-<>- 

It wouldn't be the blade that killed her, it would be the waiting. If they are going to kill me, they could at least have the courtesy of hurrying things along, Jazlyn thought. 
There was no escaping. In the stories, the heroines broke their bonds at the last moment. Hers gave no sign of budging. Even if they did, how could she leap over the bodies of Asgaroth and Dragonking, the energy rings, race past guards an sky wolves . . . no she was surely dead. So let her be dead. Let the waiting end.
"My life isn't worth much anyway," Jazlyn thought. "No one will miss me." 
The blue stone on her necklace warmed against her skin.
"Your life is worth much," said the woman's voice. "Jazlyn, you are more precious than gold."
"Mother? Is that truly you?" Jazlyn asked, grabbing at her necklace. She was glad her mother would be there. Her mother knew death. She could help her step gently into its dark embrace and meet her on the other side of the Flaming Gates.
"I am here, my joy," she thought. "You are loved." 
There was no fighting the waves of tears, tiny tributaries joining into an ocean of grief. "Mother, I've missed you so."
"I wish I could have been there for you, Jazlyn. You've become such a brave woman. You've made me very proud."
Flickers positioned several of the captured magi near Asgaroth. These prisoners were laid horizontally, left wrists stretched towards the Bone King's entrapped body. 
 "One mage from each of the known schools of magic," Asgaroth said. "The same blood magic they used to trap me, reversed."
An image flitted through Jazlyn's mind of the magi, led by Centuron's son, Tundor, in his golden armor bursting through the doors of Dark Fist. Asgaroth had already sent his sons to safety. The Guardians chanted, Green Moon high in the sky. Magic leapt up from the Guardian's fingertips enwrapping him in its heated embrace. The image faded from Jazlyn's mind. 
"That is all past now, and an eternity of tomorrows await me," Asgaroth said. "When the spell is undone I can will my soul back into my own body. My sons have done well." 
The Dracon turned to the Flickers. "Daggers. First the ones around Asgaroth. Then my daughter. Cut them, but do not kill them." 
The Flickers drew out slender blades. Jazlyn shivered at the sight of them, but the words 'do not kill' echoed in her mind. 
"They aren't going to kill me, after all!" Jazlyn thought.
"Not yet," Asgaroth said. "First they need to release me."
The Flickers' knives slashed across the left wrists of Dade and Doblin. They gasped in pain. Soon the blood was flowing from all of the magi surrounding Asgaroth's body, eating away the amber Guardian snakes surrounding the Immortal. The wriggling bands dissipated, one after another.
The tall mustachioed Flicker drew a dirk from his scabbard and approached Jazlyn, as another dark-haired guard held her still from behind. She tried to squirm free, but the guard's grasp was firm. 
The dark-haired Flicker whispered to the mustachioed one, "This whole thing is crazy. This is the Daughter Draconi!" 
The mustachioed Flicker barked. "Do your duty!"  His eyes glimmered with sadistic pleasure. She bit her lip, refusing to give him the pleasure of crying out. It was quick. Blood dribbled into the trench that ran towards the Immortals. She wondered if the Dragonking would be freed as well, but then she remembered Asgaroth telling her Darius was captured using his own God-weapon, the Sword of Luminescence.
Her father chanted, "Power inside me, boundaries break, for these souls, I've come to take." 
Jazlyn felt like a fishing hook had been shoved down her throat and was yanking Asgaroth out of her. This hurt far more than the knife wound. She screamed, struggling against her bonds. She gasped as Asgaroth's mist slipped from her lips. The Dracon was a midwife of death, coaxing darkness from an unholy womb. 
Asgaroth's mist was far darker than the ones emerging from the other magi. His inky-black mist hovered in midair. Was it because he was an Immortal, that his appeared different? 
Asgaroth was out of Jazlyn's mind now, drifting towards his own body. For the first time in her life, she and Asgaroth were separated. It was a relief in one sense: no more headaches, no more voice telling her to tear the bones from people. On the other hand, it felt oddly lonely. She was accustomed to the feel of two souls inside her, even if one of them wasn't a kindred spirit. Now there was vast emptiness. No, not quite. 
"Hold on Jazlyn," her mother thought.
Asgaroth's Guardian shield dissolved around his lithe body. His mist headed towards the Bone King. Slowly, like creeping doom, it slid between his lips. Then, his dark eyes flickered open. A smile appeared on his face.
Her own soul began to emerge from her lips, but the Dracon released the spell binding her.  She'd been spared! Likely her own soul was too worthless to absorb. She possessed no magic of her own. She was just a normal girl, worthless to someone like her father.
 Jazlyn lay on the ground panting, watching the blood trickle from her wound.
 The dark-haired Flicker bandaged her wound. "Forgive me, Daughter Draconi."
He was apologetic, but that hadn't stopped him from cutting her. She glanced around at the others who had been cut. None of them were being bandaged. They had to kill them to take their souls.
 The Dracon turned to his guards and gestured at the crowd of magi on the other side of the inner ring: Rif, his mother, and dozens more. The pale-faced prisoner shivered in the cold draught. 
 "Now, cut the rest." The Dracon's shrill voice echoed off the crystalline walls. "Do not interfere with me. Any disturbance will be punishable by death. "
Royal Companion, Oz Strongfist, stomped his foot into the marble ground. "As orders the Dracon."
The Flickers stomped in reply. "So shall we obey!" 
"How can they be so heartless?" Jazlyn wondered. "They're murdering hundreds of innocents. Will no one stand up to my father?"
"People follow mindlessly." Jazlyn's mother thoughts were growing softer, fading. "I believed in your father once. I was a sheep."
Tears dripped down Jazlyn's cheeks. Tears and blood and soul mists, everything was pouring out of her today. "I love you, mother. I'm sorry I failed you." 
"You didn't fail me, Jazlyn. I'm more proud of you than I can say." She may have said more, but her voice became a distant whisper.
On the other side of the inner ring, the Flickers' daggers rose and fell, screams of pain, and pools of blood flooding to the crystalline floor.
The mists of one of the magi broke from his body, followed by a second. Corpses stared lifelessly at the ceiling. Jazlyn felt her stomach twist in horror. The severed mists moved towards the Dracon. 
The Dracon took in one mist through his mouth, then another, and another. 
					
-<>-

"The Dracon is mad," Rif thought. "I'm losing my mind with half a dozen souls and he has already absorbed thrice that number and still more are coming."
"And soon he'll have yours and mine as well," Arth said in a defeated tone.
The Dracon continued to chant, though his voice sounded slurred. "Inside a pain I feel, come to me souls that I would steal."
 The Dracon swallowed a soul, and then another, and another. Or were they swallowing him? Drool dripped from the Dracon's lips and his eyes bulged. His shrill voice warped and broken, yet he continued to chant. He fell to his knees, and half rolled off the dais, but his guards dared not touch him. He leaned against the dais, on his knees now, but still the sounds poured from his mouth, along with spittle and drool. His guards exchanged glances, but did nothing.
 Rif was one of the last to be cut. All around him magi were bleeding and groaning as the mists emerged from their gagged mouths. The chanting, the groaning, the heart stone beating- it seemed as if they were all performing in a perverse choir of disharmony.
A dark-haired Flicker approached, his face looked pale and unhappy. Rif sensed that the man was ill at ease with his orders, yet still his blade dripped with the blood of magi.
 I deserve this, Rif thought, I killed those girls. I'm a murderer. 
Rif closed his eyes, not wanting to watch as the blade bit into his upper arm. The pain came and went quickly, but it was the numbness that worried Rif. He opened his eyes. A mist drifted from his lips- he couldn't be sure whose it was. Perhaps one of the women he'd murdered. The gag did not hold the mist, which moved with the freedom only clouds possessed, unbound by shape or density. He craned his neck to the side and caught sight of his mother. His mother's mist was hanging at her lips as well.
"Not my mother," Rif thought. "Please, Source, spare her. Please."
 Night lay on the floor next to his mother. Her face was deathly pale and she kept whimpering. "Grandmother. Where are you? Grandma? you promised."
The blood sizzled against the amber snakes eating away at the rest of the field around Asgaroth. Rif watched horrified, as the Immortal stood up for the first time in two millennia, his bone armor rattling. His coal black eyes searched the room. 
Flickers were shouting in dread as the Raslonians cheered the same words, "Asgaroth has risen! The Lord of Bones has risen!" 

-<>- 

Verica heard Ec whisper, "Go, child. Your time is now, while all eyes are on Asgaroth. Free the magi. The Source will guide you."
It was indeed chaos on the inner ring and outer ring. The guards seemed to be petrified and excited at the same time.
"I hope the Source knows what it's doing," Verica thought, slipping into shadow form. She leapt from the outer ring to the inner, feeling the energy snakes nipping the bottoms of her feet with electric tongues.
She rushed to the first bleeding warlock she saw. "I'm here to help you. Don't move or make any noise, or the guards will notice." She loosened his gag. 
The pale-faced mage whispered, "Who is there? Are you an angel?"
 "That's the first time I've been called an angel," Verica thought. "Like it better than abomination." 
 "When the wraiths first came to this world, the Ancients worshipped us as angels," Lukor said.
"Lukor, do you think this is a good time for a lecture?" Verica untied the warlock's bonds. The mage was missing several fingers. Verica felt a shiver run through her. "The wraiths are the angels, and us humans, the devils."
She wove through the guards and prisoners towards Jazlyn. "Hold on, Jaz. I'm going to get you out of here." Verica managed to undo the stubborn knot binding Jazlyn's wrists.
Jazlyn pulled the gag out of her mouth. "Verica, is that you?" 
"No, it's your other invisible friend," Verica said, hugging Jazlyn, inhaling her scent. Shadow tears raced down her invisible cheeks.
"I'm alright," Jazlyn said. "Save the others. Go."
Verica looked around. The soldiers' knives rose and fell, as if conducting an orchestra of murder. The Dracon must have sucked over a score of souls by now. He was on his knees, drooling. 
If there was an underworld, this was it. Still, the Heart Stone beat on.
Asgaroth strode towards Dakarth, his bone armor clacking. Dakarth moved to embrace Asgaroth, but the Immortal held up a gauntleted hand to stop him.
"The Sword," Asgaroth said, his voice so powerful, it echoed even over the cacophony of murder. 
 Dakarth handed a black blade to Asgaroth. The blade looked as if it was filled with a starry night.
"Wait and watch, until I order otherwise," Asgaroth commanded the Raslonian soldiers. 
He held the blade aloft.
 "The Sword of Night was Asgaroth's God-weapon," Lukor said, "He brought it with him when he fell from the sky in his metal box."
Verica stared at the sword in the Dracon's sheath. The Dracon's weapon had been the famed Sword of Luminescence. It was the only weapon that could stand up to the Sword of Night.
Four Flickers with spears charged towards Asgaroth. Asgaroth's black blade broke through their spears, leaving them splintered, broken sticks. A smile played on the Bone King's lips. 

-<>- 

Rif could do nothing more than watch. He watched Thunderstone's mist leave him and fly towards the Dracon. He watched the blood drain from his wound. He watched his mother's mist still barely clinging to her own lips. He watched as the world around him transformed into a hell worse than his worst nightmare.
Rif squirmed against his bonds. There had to be some way free. He had to save his mother. 
"Please, Source save us," Rif thought. "I'll do anything. Anything. Be merciful." 
 No mercy was shown. Rif's mother's mist broke off and flew towards the Dracon. "No," Rif thought. "This can't be happening." 
"Let go," Belok said, though his voice was growing fainter. "You don't need to feel this pain. Let me take control. Let go." 
Rif watched in horror as his mother's body grew still and quiet, her soul mist entering the Dracon's greedy, drooling mouth. 
 Rif felt as if the ground had been pulled beneath his feet, leaving only a gasping abyss into which he could fall for eternity. When his father and sisters had been taken by the slavers, his life had fallen apart. This was even worse. Rif had always been closest with his mother and now she was gone to a place from which there was no return. He might as well die as too. 
 "You should've listened to me," Belok said. "The quickest blade rules."
Genika said something, but her voice was faint. Then it too disappeared, drifting off towards the Dracon. Rif tugged helplessly at the ropes.
"Let me take over," Belok said. "It's too painful. Too hard. I'll give it back. Just let me help you for a moment."
The pain was too much for Rif. He let go.
 A girl's voice spoke to Rif?to Belok? from a shadow.
"Don't be scared. I'm a friend, here to help you. My name's Verica."
 He couldn't see her, but he could feel his bonds falling away. Belok recalled Wayden saying that Verica hosted a wraith. Verica had such pretty red curls and she was being so kind to him. It would be nice to give her the gift. 
 "I've got to go free the others," Verica said, and she left him.
Belok stared at Rif's mother's body. It was cold and still. Rif had cared about her, but she had purple hair. She wasn't worthy.
Belok rubbed his sixteen-year-old wrists where the ropes had chafed them. He liked his new young body. There was a cut on it though. He ripped off a piece of cloth to bind the wound. Cutting was the old way of giving the gift. He had a better way now. Cleaner just to take the soul whole. His eyes fell on Jazlyn. So pretty, such fiery red hair. 
"The Dracon's not the only one who can suck souls," Belok thought. "I've waited a long time for this."

Chapter 29 
Death and Rebirth

The mouse versus the Bone King. The fight is hardly fair. - Asgaroth

-<>- 

Verica's fingers were numb from untying knots. She rubbed her fingers to try to get some life back into them. 
The moon filled the breached eastern wall of Dark Fist. The magi she freed seemed able to break free of the Dracon's powers. The Dracon's spell must have been weakening with him, as the golden-veiled tyrant looked barely conscious. There were still many to untie though. She ran up to untie the bonds of a witch only to find her body cold and still. Verica felt sick, but she forced herself to ignore the corpse, and focus on those who could still be saved.
Ec had explained to her about the Dracon's plan to Soul-Steal the powers of all the magi, but hearing about it in the abstract and actually seeing it were two different things. In some ways, it was worse than the physical violation of flesh that blades performed. This was stealing someone's very soul- the essence of who they truly were. A knife could only kill you, not leave you a soulless husk. 
Verica whispered to the wizard she was freeing. "Don't make any noise or move when the knots come off . . ."
 "A wr . . ." The wizard yelled before Verica clapped her hand over his mouth.
 A Flicker stared curiously at the wizard. He said, "Look his ropes came off. You just didn't tie his bonds right."
"I did too," a skinny Flicker responded. "Don't matter, he going to die soon anyway."
Verica whispered to the mage. "Just hold still for now. Don't move until you hear me yell to run. If you understand nod yes?"
The mage nodded. Verica moved onto a nearby witch.
Verica was exhausted and her shadow form was fading. The tips of her fingers were clearly visible now.
 Asgaroth was battling half a dozen Flickers, chopping down one after another. A Dragonknight, Morz Lightningblade, charged the Bone King. As special as the Kaldian forged sword was, it was nothing in comparison to a God Weapon. The dark blade sliced through Morz's sword and armor. The Dragon Knight's blood sprayed in a warm, sickly rain.
"A Dragonknight can't stop Asgaroth, and Ec expects me to fight him?" Verica wondered.
 "Ec foretold you would fight Asgaroth," Lukor said. "She said all the other junctures led to darkness."
"Fight and lose," Verica thought.
"She didn't say you lost. She just said you didn't win."
"The difference?"
"Winning or losing are illusory states."
"It doesn't look so illusory for Morz."
"I doubt Ec would have gone to all this trouble, if your fate was to be like that of Morz. She said to remember how you got your scar."
How could she forget? The chaos of the lab was seared into her memory. The table had moved, red metal, striking into black. Red into black . . . in a flash, Verica knew what to do.
 Quick as a shadow, and as dark as one, she swept through the maze of wounded and dead. The Flickers were now focused on battling Asgaroth. She leapt over pools of blood, pale-faced wounded prisoners and corpses with lifeless eyes. The Dracon was slumped over the dais, on his knees, drool dangling from his mouth, yet still he continued his slow, rhythmic chant. 
She waited, focused, and then lunged, seizing the sword from the Dracon's sheath. The instant she snatched the sword her arm became visible, and the rest of her body soon followed. The Dracon was so far gone, he didn't even notice. Sir Oz Strongfist did though, and swung his blue blade at Verica, but the Red Sword guided her. The sword wasn't like Lukor, for it didn't speak with a voice. Instead, it guided her with a series of mental images. 
She ducked Strongfist's sword, which clanged against the edge of the dais. Asgaroth strode towards Strongfist from behind.
"Look out behind you," Verica shouted.
Strongfist smiled. "You don't think I'd fall for that-"
Asgaroth's dark sword decapitated Strongfist. The Dragonknight's head slid from his shoulders and fell to the blood-drenched platform with a sickening thud. 
Blood gushed and splattered. Verica felt sick.
Verica trembled at the revolting sight.
 "Stay calm," Lukor said. He sent a cool wave of energy through her.
Asgaroth's sword swung towards her own neck.
 "I'm going to die." Verica thought, but the Sword of Luminescence guided her again, blocking the Black Sword. The whole temple shook at the impact. Verica was a good fencer, but she'd never moved this nimbly.
"How is the sword doing this?" Verica wondered, parrying a second blow. She remembered Night saying the Red Mist entered the blade. Could that have something to do with it?
 The shrill ring of metal against metal echoed through the crystalline chamber. She felt the eyes of the room watching her. She heard murmurs of disbelief. "A little girl blocking the Bone King. . .Impossible."
 "Ah, it's Little Mouse. Isn't that what your father calls you?" Asgaroth laughed. "A lucky block, but you're not quite the Dragonking, are you? What will you do? Hit me with your mumbly-ball? The mouse versus the Bone King. The fight is hardly fair. I just took the head off of Strongfist. How do you intend to stand up to me?" 
The sword guided Verica and she landed a solid blow that cut through the armor's sinews, sending the bones clattering against the floor.
"Impressive," Asgaroth said. "But my skin is stronger than my armor ever was. You cannot hurt an Immortal." Asgaroth took a step towards Verica and she took one back. They continued this dance until Verica felt the nipping of Guardian magic crackling at her heels.
"I'm trapped," she thought.
"It's been an honor knowing you," Lukor said.

-<>- 

Wayden, with Alaina behind him, rode the dragon towards the breached wall into Dark Fist. Even before they passed into the breach, they could hear the chaos inside: screams, clangs, grunts, chanting, and the ever present baseline of the beating of the heart stone. Torches cast long shadows that danced off the walls.
They entered the heart of madness. Dozens of magi lay bleeding in the inner ring, soul mists barely hanging onto their pale-blue lips. The Dracon was slumped over his dais, his eyes bulging, yet, madly, he kept chanting. Wayden watched with horror as the Dracon consumed a soul mist. Should he have Harth fire a blast at the Dracon? What about the wounded magi all around the Dracon- would they too be consumed by the flames?
Flickers were pointing up at Wayden shouting, "A dragon! A white dragon! A dragon of light! It's the Dragonking! The King reborn! He'll save us! He'll beat Asgaroth!"
Asgaroth. The name hit Wayden like a hammer. He had hoped to avert Asgaroth's rising, but he'd come too late. 
"Asgaroth unchecked means the end of Helos," Kolram said, "Tens of thousands will die and there is nothing we can do about it."
"Not if I can help it." 
"An immortal is invulnerable."
"There has to be a way. Centuron trapped them. Even if I can't kill him, I can find a way to trap him perhaps."
"Centuron used the blood of every type of mage and a Three Moon's?"
"We have the blood of every type of mage. We have a Three Moon's Night."
"But no Guardian to cast the spell. If only Solita was here."
Wayden spotted Asgaroth in the inner ring, battling Verica, of all people. The Healer's daughter had obtained the Blade of Luminesce, which glowed like fire in the dark. Asgaroth swung, and incredibly, the small girl parried the blow.
"Verica saving the world," Wayden thought. "I have to admit, I didn't see that one coming." 
A bolt from a Raslonian crossbow man bounced off Harth's scaled wing, but a fireball from Harth sent the Raslonians running for cover behind the pillars on the outer ring.
Wayden's eyes were glued on Verica. She was backed up to the edge of the ring. Asgaroth's sword came down, and . . . Wayden cringed . . . Verica dodged! The girl rolled between Asgaroth's legs and spun around, blade singing a swooping song, arcing towards the Immortal. The Bone King was unbelievably fast as well. He spun and parried. Wayden's eyes could barely follow their movements, their blades and parries were so quick. But Asgaroth was winning. Verica was being forced backwards, blow after blow hammering against her blade. Flickers fired arrows, but they seemed not to faze the Immortal in the slightest.
Asgaroth's voice boomed out, even across all the chanting and groaning of wounded magi. "How are you doing this? It makes no sense?unless? the sword?" 
 "Alaina, whisper flame at Asgaroth," Wayden said.
 "It won't hurt him," Alaina answered.
"Maybe not, but it might distract him and you can be more precise than Harth. Harth might hit Verica."
Alaina let loose a tendril of flame from her lips that stretched towards Asgaroth, snaking around him, setting his cloak on fire. The Immortal laughed. "Fool. You are no Dragonking, for he would know that Flame cannot hurt me. Come down here and fight me like a man."
Wayden was about to tell Alaina to blast the Dracon when he noticed Rif pulling the soul mists away from the Dracon, one after another. 
Rif had an uncharacteristic sneer etched on his face. 
  What was Rif up to? Could he put the Dracon's mists back into the corpses?
"If only he could," Kolram said. "A soul mist cannot re-enter its previous body once it has become a corpse."
Rif drew soul after soul from the Dracon as if he was sucking on a pipe. The Dracon was gasping, clutching his throat. Now, it was Rif, whose eyes bulged, who had spittle on his lips.
"Enough!" Rif said, in a voice that sounded deeper and raspier than usual. He broke the connection and the remaining souls flowed back into the Dracon's body. The Tulkarian grabbed a fallen knife and the blade flashed across the Dracon's neck. Blood poured from the tyrant's jugular, and he slumped to the ground, dead.
The souls that the Dracon hadn't finished stealing, that were still hovering on their owners lips: Laeko's, Night's, and several others, returned to their owners. Rif had saved a few of them at least.
"We need to find some way to aid Verica," Kolram said. "The Bone King has her against the edge of the ring."
Asgaroth stood over Verica, his cloak smoldering. The Sword of Night rose like an executioner's axe. 
					 
-<>-  

Verica rolled away from Asgaroth's swing, dark energy cutting a slit in the stone floor. The Fire-whisper's breath had set Asgaroth on fire, but the heat from his smoldering cape didn't even slow him.
Verica parried the Sword of Night as she'd done a dozen times already, but something about the fire had changed things. As the two swords collided, the room vibrated from the impact. Crimson gushed forth where the blades connected. A horribly familiar high-pitched whine filled the chamber.
Asgaroth stared at the shaking ground. "This has happened before."
It was familiar to Verica as well- the exact sound she'd heard in her father's lab, before it had exploded. 'Remember how you got your scar,' Ec had said. Red and black, like the materials in the lab. And there had been the burner. She had accidentally knocked the burner onto the metal powders?Verica swallowed. I have to warn them.
 "Clear the inner ring! It's going to explode!"
The Sword of Luminescence vibrated, so much that holding onto the sword was like trying to hold on to a panicking cockerel. Her upper arms shook with the effort. 
 "An explosion won't wound me." Asgaroth smiled. "Can you say the same, Little Mouse?"
Verica's sword no longer seemed to be speaking to her, and the metal felt heavy in her hands. The red mist billowed from the Red Blade. The Lord of Bones towered over her, a cruel smile playing on his handsome features. He raised his sword. The shrill sound intensified and the ground beneath their feet jerked wildly, tilting upwards. Verica found herself rolling on the ground.

						-<>- 

Jazlyn, like Verica, recognized the whining sound- the same sound she heard the day she dared her friend to go into the lab. She echoed Verica's message, "Clear the inner ring, by the order of the Daughter Draconi! Flickers! Take the wounded magi to the outer ring! This is a direct command, clear the ring!"
"The Dracon is dead," the Draconess shouted, holding her wounded arm. "I'm now the Ruler Draconi. Heed my step-daughter. Untie and help the wounded magi to the outer ring on your heads be it!"
Jazlyn, though still weak, rushed around with the Flickers untying magi from their bonds and helping them to the outer wall of the crystalline chamber. Jazlyn found Dade. The Fire-Whisperer was groggy and weak, but conscious. He helped Jazlyn bring the unconscious Doblin, to the outer ring. Doblin looked close to dead.
"Hello, Princess," Rif said. 
Jazlyn turned to face the Tulkarian. Jazlyn had liked him well enough when she'd talked with him in the Plague Room. He was shy, but kind. Something was different now. The way he stared at her made her skin crawl.
 "Your hair is so pretty," Rif said. A tingle crept down Jazlyn's spine. Rif gestured and chanted, "Let me give you the gift."
Jazlyn felt her soul being yanked again, like a hand, thrust into her chest and pulling her insides out. It wasn't just the physical pain either, but the betrayal. She'd counted Rif as a friend. For a moment, her soul quivered on her lips. She thought perhaps she could resist. Then with a snap, her soul broke free. She was flying, her lifeless body slumped on the ground below. She hurtled in mist form towards Rif's open mouth. 


Chapter 30 
A Battle Within

It's a strange thing, being dead. Almost as strange as being alive. -Jazlyn

-<>- 

Mavik pulled his foot free from the scagazi's grasp. He stomped on the pincer, sending it back into the earth. The Guardian ring in the ceiling shook and then shriveled into nothingness. A high-pitched noise pierced the air. Whatever had happened up there, it had loosened the resistance on the metal tendrils.
"Let the Source guide you," Jijari thought.
I better focus on not getting eaten by scagazi, Mavik thought.
Mavik yanked the copper snakes from the Heart Stone. The stone stopped beating. The amber shield around the woman in white vanished. Three scagazi leapt at her, but she gestured with her hand and they flew against the cavern wall. 
The Shadow Queen flexed her white fingers. She smiled at Mavik. "It seems you got my message, boy." Her face was old and wrinkled. Her eyes blank. She stepped forward. The wriggling mass of shadows at her feet moved with her. "I sent it to you through the pulses of the Heart Stone and you came. I should be grateful. As a reward, I'll let you bear one of my wraiths."
 Mavik's guts twisted. The Shadow Queen had sent the prophecies? She was the Source? It wasn't possible. It went against everything he had thought he knew. He'd teased Jijari about her devoutness, but he had believed her. The Source would guide them. Everything would turn out all right. Except it wouldn't. It hadn't. Nothing would ever be right again.
Jijari was as upset as Mavik and having a harder time accepting the devastating truth. "No . . . no . . .no! It can't be! It's a trick! A lie!"
Emerelda threw up a shield of energy snakes around them just as a scagazi charged them. The Shadow Queen opened her mouth. Silhouettes danced on her lips, like dark smoke. Then she blew. A shadow emerged, then another, and on and on they flowed, an oncoming storm of darkness. The Guardian shield kept them safe from the wraiths, who pummeled into it, without success. The wraiths dove at the scagazi, sending them howling and diving headfirst, burrowing into the ground.
Emerelda's shield held though, at least for now.
One of the wraiths moaned, "The energy snakes. Centuron's curse."
Mavik recalled the story of The Boy and The Rats where a boy had chased rodents away by releasing an army of cats, who grew into tigers, which then ravaged the village. Had Mavik done the same? Solving one problem, by creating a worse one? What have I done?
A stone wall slid open, revealing a secret passage. An old woman wearing a hooded shawl woven of spider webs, stepped out of it. Her hair was entwined with thick coils of yarn. She clutched a staff with a glowing, blue jewel in its pommel. Tiny lightning bolts exploded inside the jewel. Her cowl shadowed her face and Mavik could not make out her features. By her side was a blue-haired boy of about ten years. 
 "Weaver. You have come," the Shadow Queen said.
The woman in the shawl crossed her arms, fists against her own chest. "Beneath the shadows the spiders rule." 	
Behind her, rows and rows of Woven Men trudged forward. "Hail to the Weaver. Hail to the Shadow Queen. Long may you rule."
 Mavik recognized the fox-masked, Finder, and the eyeless Mantu, Queranos, in the ranks, though he didn't see Anaz. An army of darkness: Woven Ones, Wraiths, the Shadow Queen, the Weaver? I've released the queen of darkness. I've doomed us all.					 
-<>-  

Jazlyn's soul mist was drawn forward, towards Rif. 
"No!" she screamed, but she had no lungs, and no one in her head to hear her. She didn't have her mother's necklace anymore. Somehow the loss of it made her sadder than even the loss of her own body. It had been a good body. She'd taken good care of it.
Then darkness . . .
. . . and then a soft gray light.
Where was she now? Was this the Sunken Lands or the land of the Eternal Fires? She could hear birds, maybe those were the phoenixes heralding her into the afterlife? She heard water rushing, which might be the Sunken Temple- the Alatians had it right all long. Water was holy, not fire. This definitely isn't Alatia, she thought, staring at a fleshy, gray sky. It was as if she were in an enormous living cavern. 
The landscape looked Tulkarian: a tropical jungle, lush with palm trees, vines, insects, and a rushing river. Why would she be in Tulkaria. . .unless. . .she'd been heading towards the Tulkarian's open mouth. . .she was going to be soul-sucked. . .could it be?but it wasn't possible?was it? Could she be inside Rif's mind? She looked down. Her feet had reappeared. She had hands again. A coldness filled her.
"None of this is real," she thought. 
She half expected that her mother's voice would answer her, or Asgaroth's, but her thoughts were greeted by cold silence. How did normal people without voices in their heads stand it? It was so lonely.
Figures approached from the distance. As they drew closer, she realized that she knew a few of them: Rif's mother, Royal Companion Jereth Thunderstone, and Rif himself. How could Rif be inside his own mind?
Rif's cheeks were tear-streaked. "I'm s-s-sorry. I let him take control. It's my fault. It's Belok. A murderer that Arth soul stole. He was inside me. Now I'm inside him. I'm sorry!"
Jazlyn didn't know what to make of anything. She had no breath anymore, yet she still felt breathless. "Rif, can you put me back? In my body? No offense, yours is lovely and all."
"I-I-I can't."
 "You can at least stop Belok from killing anymore," said a dazzlingly beautiful woman with a cat-like face and long flowing red hair. "You can defeat Belok. Don't let him kill anymore."
"B-B-Belok has control. You know that, Genika," Rif sobbed.
"Only if you let him," Genika answered. "This is your body, Rif. You have to face your fears."
Genika gestured at a dark cave. Vines grew around the rock-like mouth and stalactites hung from its roof like the bloody monster's maw. The sky turned black and a rumble of thunder pealed across the landscape. Monkeys clattered in the nearby jungle.
Rif sank into the mud as the lightning lit up the sky. "I c-c-can't."
	Jazlyn squeezed Rif's hand. "I know you're scared. I'm scared too. I've never even been to Tulkaria, much less someone's mind. You have to stop this man."
"He's too strong. He's a m-m-monster."
"He's part of you. You can stop him. You can control him. Please. You have to try."

						-<>- 

Wayden helped three wounded magi from the shaking inner ring onto Harth's back. Flickers were helping others onto the outer ring. For many of the magi, it was too late. For every one they saved, two more lay stone dead. One more failure to add to his list. 
 Wayden turned to see Rif standing over Jazlyn's body. Rif's eyes seemed different, cruel, like another person was wearing Rif's body . . . could it be? Was this still Rif . . .or Belok wearing him?
Wayden stared horrified at Jazlyn's body. Wayden shouted, "Rif- if you are in there. Don't let Belok control you. Put Jazlyn back! Put her soul back!"
A smile played across the lips that once belonged to Rif. "Ah, the Tulkarian's friend, Wayden isn't it?"
"You're right. That's not Rif. Order Harth to blast him."
Wayden hesitated. "Rif, you can do this. Put Belok back in his cage." 
Rif tensed his fingers and chanted, "You who are my enemy's friend, let your life outside me end." 	
Wayden felt Kolram and his own soul being pulled towards the Tulkarian.
"Too late," Kolram said, his voice growing distant. "Now we are his."
"This really hasn't been a very good day."

-<>- 

Rif neared Belok's castle. The portcullis and walls were made from solid ice. At Rif's side were Thunderstone, the Daughter Draconi, Genika, Arth, Rif's mother, and a dozen other magi he'd sucked from the Dracon. Some of the women he'd murdered were there as well. Lauranna, the little girl, was there. He'd killed so many.
I'm a monster.
No one answered back. He was in his own mind. A strange and unnerving situation.
Thunderstone tried to enter the castle hacking at the portcullis's icicle bars to no avail.
"Rif, you must go in there alone," Genika said. "This is your mind. Belok can't keep you out."
Rif touched the portcullis. His hand passed right through it. 
"You must be brave, Sweet Possum," his mother said.
"You can do this, Rif," Jazlyn said. The daughter Draconi was so beautiful. How could he have killed her? It was all his fault. He had to put this right. "We believe in you. Now, you have to believe in yourself." She kissed his cheek. He screwed up his resolve.
 He entered a long dark tunnel. A dripping sound resonated off the cold stone. Shadows danced all around him. Rif's heart beat as loud as the Heart Stone.
"Belok," Rif said. "I want c-c-control back."
A huge wind blew at Rif from somewhere deep inside the castle, kicking up a spray of ice. He could barely inch forward against it. He entered an arched doorway into a throne room. In the center of the room was a deep well. It glowed yellow and sizzled with the power of the Source. That's how he accesses my power.
A matron, hair a mesh of red and silver, lay on a pallet beneath Belok's throne. Her skin was mottled with a red rash. On an icy chair, sat a figure bathed in shadows. 
"Why would you want to sit on this throne?" The figure asked. It was Belok's icy voice. "All it will give you is misery. Let me give you the gift. You can rest now. I will do this for you."
"I don't want the gift. I want my m-m-mind back."
	Rif's limbs felt heavy. He tried to get near the sleeping pallet, but it was too hard to push against the wind. 
	Rif studied the woman lying on the pallet ahead of him. She looked older than most of the women Belok killed. The red spots were huge and ugly, like Wayden's burn marks, but all over her body. She's terribly sick. She's dying.
 "Is there anything I c-c-can do for you?" Rif asked the woman.
The woman looked at Rif, begging. "The pain. Kill me. Please. Give me the gift. Please."
"Leave my mother alone!" Belok screamed. He moved from the shadows, but the silver-snake haired man was now a little boy.
"She's your m-m-mother?" Rif asked.
"I-I-I denied her the gift. I didn't want to lose her." Belok's eyes were streaming with tears.
"Please," the woman said. "It hurts so much. Give me the gift. I know your scared, Son. But do this for your mother. Do this. The gift."
 "I refused her the Gift for weeks," Belok said. "But finally I found the courage. I became a man that day."
"You had to k-k-kill your own mother?" Rif couldn't imagine having to do that. It must have been horrible.
"No. It was too late for her, when I got the courage. Instead I gave it to others. Life is pain. Death is calmness and peace." 
Belok screamed and rushed at Rif. Rif grabbed onto the edge of the pool of Source Energy by his fingertips. The Source Energy crackled below him. Belok stood over him. If I fall into it, I'll be truly gone.
"Belok. Your m-m-mother. She needed to die. She was in pain. You did the right thing for her. But I don't want the gift."
"Why wouldn't you want it?" Belok started to grow. He was no longer a young boy but a man. His hair lengthened into silver snakes. "Your mother died. I know how that feels. It hurts. It hurts like a knife. So I used the knife. I killed many. Now I don't need the knife anymore, Rif. You're my knife."
Belok drew a knife. It was thin and blue, Kaldian forged in appearance. 
"Belok. I don't want the g-g-gift. My time isn't up yet. I have friends I have to help. There are others I need to give a different gift to. Life too can be a gift."
Belok dropped the knife and offered Rif his hand. Rif grabbed Belok's arm and pulled himself up.
	"You're just like the girls," Belok laughed. "They were afraid to die too. I hurt them a little sometimes, so they'd know life hurt. I'd stick my knife in them. Laureanna. She was fun to kill-"
"Fun?" Rif asked. "She was fun to kill?"
"One must have a little fun Rif. I might have a little fun with your mother later. Then you might be ready for the Gift. We must all-"
Rif twisted, grabbing Belok and shoved him into the pool of swirling energy.

-<>- 

Verica gaped at the smoke rising from the Sword of Luminscence. Her blade had smoked and a mist rose from the metal and flew towards Darius. For a moment, the mist slithered through the Immortal's bristled beard and then crawled into his mouth.
The last of the Guardian energy around him had already been dissolved by the magi blood. Now his soul had been returned as well. Darius's blue eyes flickered open and the red-bearded Immortal whispered something. 
Flickers shouted, "The Dragonking! The King is alive!"
Dragonking mumbled something.
The Flickers shouted, "He Speaks! He speaks! What did he say?"
"I said for the love of the Silver Lady someone get me a drink! I have the most damnable headache. You there, little girl. Give me my sword back."
Verica threw the sword to Dragonking, who leapt, caught it in mid-air, and descending into Asgaroth. The Bone King stepped fast to the side, bringing his own dark sword towards Darius. The blades crashed and the room shook. Sparks flew and the vibrations intensified, the floor rocking like a ship in a tempest. 
The Tulkarian stood over Wayden, the boy she'd met in the orphanage. The Tulkarian was chanting and a mist swirled on his lips, his eyes bulging. The Dracon's body now lay by the Tulkarian's feet, his throat slit . . . and . . . Source no . . . Jazlyn! The abyss between the rings widened and deepened, almost as large as the one inside Verica's heart. 
Verica channeled her emotions into a compact ball of pure rage and avenging justice. "You killed Jazlyn, you wraithin' bastard."
The Tulkarian's eyes flickered. "W-w-wait, that-" Verica hurled herself at the purple-haired boy.
The Tulkarian's eyes bulged and he gagged for air, his hands slapping against the vibrating stone floor.

-<>- 

Alaina untied Laeko's bonds, feeling frightfully exposed. She had lost sight of Wayden. Madness was all around her- the floor shaking, the Immortals parrying each other's blows, magi bleeding, purple smoke billowing? she forced herself to focus on saving Laeko. The Woven ones had told her to do this. She was playing right into their hands. But what was the alternative? To let the woman who was in all but blood her true mother die? She ripped a strip of linen from Laeko's robe and bandaged her wound. Alaina knew little about medicine but the cuts didn't appear overly serious.
 "Darius!" Nadra's voice was ecstatic. "The Red King has arisen! It is the end of days!" 
"And that's a good thing?"
 The Dragonking didn't look like much to Alaina. He was just a big man who liked to waggle his sword. Alaina knew a hundred Sky Raiders of his sort, and not one she liked.
She helped Laeko to the outer ring and a Flicker tended to her wounds. Where was Wayden?
The Dragonking shouted at the Flickers, "Stand back! This is a war between Gods."
A group of Flickers stepped to the outer ring, and Alaina caught sight of Wayden laying on the vibrating ground groaning. Alaina leapt towards him. 
"I'm alright," Wayden said, as Alaina checked him for wounds. 
The edge of the inner ring was beginning to crumble. The high pitched whine grew even louder. How long till it exploded?
Alaina helped the still dazed Wayden onto the dragon. Wayden was muttering, "Mavik. His pull. He's near."
Alaina felt it too. There were other Soul Hosts nearby- three or four she estimated.
"Harth, fly us away. It's going to explode," Alaina said, while fastening her leg straps. Then the world erupted.

-<>-

The dragon rode the shock waves of the explosion. Below, Wayden watched with horror as Verica, Rif, Dragonking, Asgaroth, Jazlyn's corpse, dozens of wounded magi, all fell into the abyss that had been the floor of the inner ring. Miraculously, before they hit the ground, their descent slowed. An amber field of woven energy snakes formed a blanket beneath them, slowing their fall. 
He felt several of the magical pulls from Zaburn's connection spell from below. Mavik was down there. He was sure of it now.
 "And Solita!" Kolram said. Kolram was right. There were other pulls there as well. One was likely Solita's host, the blonde girl Laeko had described.
His eyes scanned desperately, searching through the chaos for Mavik and the girl. Through the haze of the energy field, he saw two dozen scagazi, men who dressed as Anaz used to, in wrapped black and gold linens, a Heart Stone, and. . .there they were! Mavik- thin, bruised, and filthy, but- amazingly alive. Mavik was less than a hundred paces away! 
Wayden just needed to wait for the debris and wounded to be lowered down, and then he'd fly Harth and scoop his brother up. They would rebuild their lives together, perhaps claim the old plot of land where there manor had once stood in Templeton. Surely, the Draconess would reward Wayden for his role in helping stop Asgaroth. Everything would end happily after all.
The milk-white woman waved her hands and whirlpools of shadow spun from them. The dark energy crackled and hardened, moving like a trickling tide of tar across the abyss that had moments ago been the inner ring, sealing Mavik and the others underground. Wayden felt as if a spear had been driven through his soul.
Alaina whispered fire at the dark shield, Harth clawed at it, sending black sparks flying, but none of it to any avail. Wayden closed his eyes. "They were right there. I saw him. He's still there. Down there in the dark!"

-<>-  

"Wayden!" Mavik shouted, his heart crumpling in his breast. "No! Source no! He was so close!"
He'd seen Wayden, flying on dragon back no less! He had been right overhead. Now he might as well have been on the other side of the moon. 
The Source- cursed be its name- had betrayed Mavik again. The black field sealed him from his brother, from the surface, from escape from this nightmarish labyrinth they found themselves ensnared in, from long-awaited freedom. Eight years in a slave camp just to fall into an even darker prison. 
Mavik howled louder than a skywolf in blood lust.
Emerelda plugged her ears. "All right, Mav! Enough! I need to be focusing to bring these fallin' magi down, not to mention keepin' these wraiths at bay."
Mavik shook himself, forcing his attention back to the moment. Emerelda must have been expending massive energy and wouldn't be able to keep this up for long.
Mavik recognized several wounded wizards from the Slave camps. Some looked dead, or close to death. There were other magi he didn't know and . . . could it be. . . Asgaroth and Dragonking . . . was he dreaming? Had they been freed from their imprisonment somehow? Had Mavik done that as well when he'd pull the metal tendrils loose? How much damage had he unleashed on the world? Perhaps he deserved his fate.
Emerelda finished lowering the magi. Mavik ran towards two of the wounded slaves who had fallen nearby: Opel and Kura. Emerelda cast her magic shield around them and Mavik bound their wounds with strips of linen, torn from the magi's own clothes. Unfortunately, the other magi were too far away for Emerelda to protect.
The Weaver raised her staff and webs spun around the Dragonking and Asgaroth, who were still stunned from the fall. They might have been Immortal, but they weren't strong enough to break these bonds, even though they were clearly struggling against them. A vein throbbed in the Dragonking's flushed forehead. "Weaver, you wraithin' traitor."
The Weaver chuckled. "Traitor? I didn't know we were ever on the same side." She walked over to the wrapped up Dragonking and ran a finger across his face. Linen followed her finger, gagging the Dragonking. His curses turned to muffled sounds of protest. "I've been ever faithful to my friend, the Shadow Queen."
The Weaver walked over to the Shadow Queen. They placed their palms against each other. Their joined hands seemed to glow for a moment.
Asgaroth bellowed, "I'll tear your wraithing bones-"
The Weaver gestured and linen bonds wrapped around his mouth. The Weaver picked up the Sword of Luminescence from the ground and the Shadow Queen lifted the Sword of Night. They hoisted the blades into the air. 
"It was almost worth the wait," the Shadow Queen said with a smile.
One of the wounded witches, an old woman with a cross hatch of scar and long silver hair called, "Grandmother, I am the daughter of Helza. I knew you would return. I saw it in the water-"
Lila, the Queen of Shadows held up her hand, silencing the old woman. The old woman's face formed a hurt expression. Lila looked at a young Tulkarian boy. Mavik realized he felt the Connection to the Tulkarian. The Shadow Queen said, "Come forward, soul thief. You have swallowed many souls today. They weigh heavy on you. You shall be relieved." 
The Tulkarian boy looked in bad shape. The side of his head was bleeding. The Weaver touched the wound binding it with spider webs. The Tulkarian fell to his knees sobbing. 
"Do not be afraid," Lila said, drawing close to him. She ran her pale hand across the boy's temples. "You hold the seedlings in your mouth. Now, it is time for the hatching."
Mavik's breath caught in his throat, as mist after mist poured from the Tulkarian's mouth. The tiny clouds entered the various sculptures in the room.
"And now my wraiths," the Shadow queen said. "You will take the magi."
All the magi who were not inside Emerelda's shields screamed and howled as wraiths entered into them. One entered the Tulkarian boy, another the woman with the cross-hatch of scars. One after another the magi who were still living became infested with the shadowy creatures.
"She has a way of controlling the sculptures," Jijari's thoughts were groans of despair. "She has the two God Swords. She has an army of magi and wraiths."
All that faith in the Source, all those years of hardship, had lead Mavik to this? Helping the Shadow Queen acquire freedom and an army? What would the queen do next? Invade the surface? Start a fourth Dark War? 
And Mavik had helped her. He'd dreamed the Source was using him for some high and noble purpose. Instead, he played the harbinger of doom.
The wall slid open. Anaz stood in the doorway. 
 "What news my child?" the Weaver asked, her voice raspy and quiet.
"Centuron is coming," Anaz said. "We can't hold her off any longer."
"You've held her off long enough," the Weaver said. "I do not wish to face the Guardian now, on Three Moons Night with the blood of magi still dripping. It is time for us to go." The Tulkarian boy, the scarred woman, the sculptures, the wraith possessed magi, and the other woven ones stood in a line. She gestured at a wall. The rock groaned and slid open, a moist breeze blowing in through the aperture. The wraiths and possessed bodies plodded behind her, an army of shadows. 


Chapter 31
A Prisoner of the Shadows

Save it for the trial. -Tundor

-<>- 

Harth descended, landing on the outer ring by the Draconess. Wayden dismounted. He touched the Dark Field, willing it to open, but it was like touching cold armor.
"Open, please, by the Source open!" Wayden prayed, but the Source was deaf and the Dragonking a prisoner of the shadows.
"Dragonking!" A Flicker shouted. "No! Come back! Don't leave us!"
The Draconess shouted, "Get him out! Break that shield!"
Soldiers hammered on it with cudgels and maces, thrust at it with swords and spears, but no discernible damage or hole was made in its face. Alaina and Harth let out blasts of fire that roared futilely against the shield. Others were searching for a secret door, or stairway, digging into every stone crevice to no avail.
From the other side of the outer ring, Raslonian axes and war hammers proved just as useless as Helosian weapons.
The old woman from the slave camps, Laeko, who stood near the Draconess, said, "They can't. The Shadow Queen used a field like this to keep the Immortals from invading the Weaver's World. Cast on a Three Moons Night- it would be indestructible."
Dakarth stared into the abyss. "All our plans for naught."
A man in a Crow's mask stepped towards Dakarth. "Patience, brother."
"Brother? Crow what. . ." the Draconess asked. "Oh . . . so that's . . .oh. . ."
Crow turned to face the Draconess and removed his mask. 
"I am known as Karsgoth, son of Dakarth," Crow said.
"Karsgoth!" the Draconess said.
Karsgoth was almost as similar to Dakarth, as Mavik to Wayden. Wayden recalled glimpsing Karsgoth painting the prophecy for Asgaroth - a crow on his shoulder.
A blue-caped Ember stepped towards Karsgoth, drawing his sword. Some Flickers raised their spears, others looked uncertainly at the Draconess. If they started fighting now, it would truly be a blood bath.
"Enough!" cried the Draconess. "Dakarth. What say you, we order all our men to lower their weapons." She turned to face Dakarth who was still staring open mouthed at the dark field separating his father from him. "It is in our mutual interest that we declare a truce. We need to work together to free our Immortal Lords from this new unholy prison."
Dakarth walked over to the canopy of black energy that now sealed the Well of Tears. He sighed. "So be it. Let us just hope it doesn't take us another two millennium to do so."
A Flicker took off his helm. Wayden recognized the sandy-hair and tattooed face of Healer Conrick, though he was dressed in armor, instead of his yellow robes. "Your Majesty. Allow me to tend your wounds."
The Draconess pulled up the torn sleeve of her robe while Conrick withdrew a container of balm from his satchel.
 "Brother," Dakarth said, turning to Karsgoth, who was still holding his crow mask in his hands. "Have you seen anything about this in the water?"
Karsgoth shook his head. "I don't understand. I peered at this juncture a thousand times. How could this have happened? The Source-"
Laeko let out a loud laugh. All eyes fell on her. "Don't you see?" Laeko asked, her silver eyes shining. "The Shadow Queen manipulated the Source to show you what she wanted you to see. She was trapped in the Heart Stone . . . a Source Generator."
All this manipulated by the Shadow Queen? They'd all been pawns - fools. 
"How did she get free then?" Dakarth asked.
 "Perhaps the explosion freed her," Fire-Whisperer Dade said. His own injuries were being attended by a yellow-cloaked healer.
Wayden remembered the prophecy Night had of him freeing the Shadow Queen. It had been Mavik. Mavik had freed her. But how? Why?
"Whatever caused it," Karsgoth said. "She is free now, and we must assume the Dragonking and Asgaroth are her prisoners. Once we penetrate that barrier we must prepare for war."
A cold wind blew through the breached eastern wall.
"Who knows what evil has been unleashed this day," the Draconess said. "This is your doing Dakarth. And yours Crow." The Draconess winced. "Will you be gentle for the love of fire, Conrick?" 
"I'm sorry, Your Majesty," the plump healer said.
"First you fools cut me, and now you kill me again with tourniquets. Give me one good reason I shouldn't feed the lot of you to Volkanus?" Draconess asked.
Dade cleared his throat. "Your Majesty, these men were merely following your lord husband's commands."
"And so are excused for mindlessly cutting their liege?"
 "That is a discussion for another day" Dade whispered. 
The Draconess grumbled. "So be it, but when this is over-"
"It's not over yet, Your Majesty," Dade said, though he looked ready for it to be. His face was pale and he wobbled as if ready to collapse. Still, there was a hint of fierce determination about the Fire-Whisperer that Wayden couldn't help but admire.
"How do you propose we go about this rescue?" Dakarth asked the Draconess.
The Draconess regarded him coldly for a moment, before responding. "An earth mage could dig us a tunnel. We have Doblin but he is grievously wounded."
"He might live. He and others need immediate care," Healer Conrick said. "I need more supplies to treat his wounds. We should make for the nearest infirmary."
"Take the third squadron with you. Post haste," the Draconess said.
Conrick saluted and then began organizing the transport of the wounded. They were to be placed on horse drawn sleds instead of winged wolves, to avoid aggravating their wounds.
The Draconess fussed with her bandaged arm. "The underground Lair of the Weaver stretches deep. There are other ways hidden beneath the ground. What about our Red Guardian? A Guardian mage might be able to open Centuron's gateway, if we can find it."
"Dead," Dade said.
"We could utilize the children magi- Solita's host or Sigel's," Dakarth suggested.
Karsgoth shook his head. "We haven't found Grandmaster Sigel's host in the last fifteen years; I don't think it likely we will find him now. As for Solita's host, I am fairly sure that she was underground, casting that Guardian Shield, though it is a mystery how she came to be there." 
"Doblin may be our only hope," the Draconess said. 
"There are always shovels and pick axes," Dade suggested. "But it would take thousands of men."
	"A joint operation employing men from both our nations." The Draconess screwed up her lips, but there was a glimmer in her eyes.
Wayden shook his head. How long could Mavik survive underground with no food or water?
"Flickers are not welcome on Raslonian soil whether armed with shovel or spear," Dakarth said.
"We're here now, with swords and shields" the Draconess replied. "And may I remind you, this was your doing, not mine. Still, however trying the circumstances, the Land of Light will not rest until the Dragon King is restored to us."
"She may have the right of it," Karsgoth said. "Such a digging operation would require many men and a long time. Is it not worth some cooperation, to help get our beloved father back?"
Dakarth nodded. "Very well. We can work out an agreement, I'm sure."
Harth curled up in a spiral next to Wayden, who resisted an urge to pet the beast.
 "Are there no other Earth magi left but Doblin?" Wayden asked.
 "There are several lesser earth magi," Kolram responded, "but a true Digger mage who can tunnel with his mind is as rare as a Glimpser." 
 "Digging them out will take months at least," Dade said.
"Then the sooner we get started, the sooner our Gods can be saved," the Draconess said.
 "What type of Gods need to be saved?" Wayden wondered.
 "The ones who aren't Gods at all." Kolram answered.
"And once we dig them out, what then? Will they continue fighting endlessly?"
"An excellent question."
"If it will take months to dig them out, then Mavik and Solita's host might be dead by then. There can't be much food underground."
"The Woven Ones and the Guardians live down there. There must be sources of food and water. We must-"
"We also don't know what the Shadow Queen will try next," Dakarth's voice broke through Kolram's thoughts. "She might unleash an invasion on us."
"All the more reason for us to put aside our warring and join forces," the Draconess said. "Dade, begin the preparations for our return journey. Assign a squadron to remain here to bury the bodies. Make sure they give them a proper burial. And then they can help with the digging operation." The Draconess turned to Wayden. "Burnt Darius: I have many questions for you, but for now let me just say the nation owes you a deep debt of gratitude, as do I personally. You saved my life."
Wayden felt a myriad of emotions stir simultaneously: elation at surviving, vindication for playing a role in the downfall of Gar and the Dracon, annoyance at being called Burnt Darius, but overshadowing them all was a sense of loss. Rif had been a friend, and he was as much one of Belok's victims as Jazlyn had been. Jazlyn, his first crush had been murdered. Verica, who had so bravely sacrificed herself to free them, had fallen into the abyss. Mavik, so close, yet so far, had been sealed underground with dark magic. It was too much to bear. His insides felt raw.
 "What if the Shadow Queen has Mavik as a prisoner?" Wayden asked. "Or what if she killed them?"
"You feel the Pull still," Kolram said, "They are not dead. Do not give up hope. I sense Solita is still alive down there. We shall save her, Verica, Mavik, and whoever else we can. Perhaps even Rif, if he is not beyond redemption."
Wayden did feel the Connection still. Hope rekindled like a stoked coal. 
"Could you use a Magic-finder to locate an Earth mage?" Wayden asked.
 "We don't have one. Doesn't the Skymaster have a Magic-finder?" The Draconess asked, "As much as I would hate to do business with him, perhaps for a price we could get use of his man, Goat."
Wayden cleared his throat. "Both the Skymaster and Goat are dead. Skymistress Yveka is now in charge."
The Draconess raised an eyebrow at this. "You have much to tell me. Perhaps you will do me the honor of informing me of what has transpired, on the flight home? I've always wanted to fly on a dragon."
"I'd be honored. When are we leaving?" Wayden asked.
"Within the notch," Dade said, "We shall start getting organized immediately."
Alaina tugged at Wayden's arm. "Can you and Harth fly me to get Red Paw?"
An intense weariness settled over Wayden as he clambered back onto Harth. Wayden wanted to tear open the earth with his bare hands and pull Mavik out. 
And what about Rif? Was he completely consumed by Belok?  Or did a hint of his old friend remain buried deep within the killer? And Verica. The brave girl had saved Wayden's life and many other's lives, battling not only Asgaroth, but Belok as well. She was the true hero, much more so then he himself was, and she deserved to be freed.
Alaina clambered on behind him and said, jokingly, "You really know how to show a girl a good time, don't you?"
Wayden didn't answer. Didn't she understand how he felt? His insides were Cook's Lake, boiling away, ready to explode. But it wasn't Alaina's fault. She couldn't know how he felt.
Alaina touched his shoulder. "Is something the matter?"
Wayden at that moment felt incapable of explaining the emotions that swirled inside him, as fresh as bleeding wounds. "Nothing. I'm fine."
The dragon and Red Paw flew, and the cold air felt good against his cheeks. They flew into a landscape of snow, the green moon high in the sky. As they flew Wayden managed to explain how he'd seen Mavik in the pit. How he had felt so close to finally being reunited with his twin, only to have it snatched away. It helped to do it while flying, so Alaina wouldn't see the moistness in his eyes. 
Alaina squeezed Wayden's shoulder. "Don't worry. We'll bring them back somehow."
After a notch of flying, Harth landed near the dragon pit. 
"Cursed place," the dragon thought.
Red Paw was still tethered, and she looked upset.
Alaina walked across the snow towards Red Paw. She really was exceptionally graceful. Being sister-less and raised in an all-boy orphanage meant Wayden hadn't known many girls well. He knew Alaina had only kissed him because of the threat of imminent death, but he hoped that the kiss was the seed of something more. Daughter of the Skymaster or not, Nadra's host or not, she was amazing and unique. 
Wayden saw something move from the corner of his eye. A shadow moving? His skin prickled.
Wayden turned to see a figure barreling towards him. He just managed to grab Gar's wrist, suspending the glistening blue blade inches above his jugular. 

-<>- 

Verica had transformed into Wraith form as soon as she had fallen into the pit. She had seen the Milk-white woman and the army of woven creatures and the Weaver. She saw the Tulkarian breathe out the souls he stole into one of the sculptures. Now she followed behind the sculptures, one of which contained Jazlyn's soul. 
"Why can't the other wraiths see me?" Verica had asked.
"You'll appear to be just a shadow to them, unless you will them knowledge of your presence."
"You wraiths must sneak up on each other a lot."
"Sneaking is strongly discouraged in wraith culture."
"Pardon my manners then. I've got some sneaking to do."
And so Verica had snuck behind them, and the rock wall shuddered, closing her in. Following after Jazlyn had seemed a brilliant plan at the time, but now what was she going to do? Which statue contained Jazlyn's soul?  How could she get Jazlyn's soul released? 
"You can't," Lukor said. "Jazlyn's body is dead. It can't host a soul anymore."
"I won't accept that. Why would Jazlyn follow the Weaver?"
"The Weaver has some hold on them," Lukor said, "She seems able to control her sculptures."
"So Jazlyn is alive, but a puppet of the Weaver?"
"It would appear so."
"I have to rescue her. Somehow, some way, I will rescue her. Or die trying."
		
-<>-

Mavik finally felt he could breathe, as he watched the last of the army of darkness disappear behind the secret doorway. Corpses littered the floor. The still living magi had been seized and possessed by wraiths leaving only their discarded husks. 
The walls echoed, as they slid shut behind the last Woven One. The rat scurried out from Mavik's pocket and perched on his shoulder.
"Kura, Opel, you alright?" Emerelda asked. She dropped the Guardian shield and turned to their two wounded friends.
The two old witches from the slave camps were groaning and pale, but alive, thanks to Emerelda's quick thinking. Mavik examined the strips of filthy linen they had used to bandage the magi's wounds. They needed to find cleaner ones- but how? He and Emerelda had no way of caring for the two magi. They couldn't move them without aggravating their wounds and they had no supplies. 
 A stone wall opposite to the one the Weaver went through groaned and slid open. Mavik's rat buried itself deep into his cloak. Emerelda cast another shield around them, though this one seemed to have large gaps in it. Her Source energy was nearly depleted.
The approaching sound of clinking armor and heavy footfalls rushed through the gap of open darkness. The light from Emerelda's hands illuminated a knight wearing golden armor. Soldiers wearing golden surcoats followed, holding scagazi on leashes. 
The Guardians control the scagazi. The creatures that killed my father.
The knight gestured at Emerelda's shield. "By the order of the Guardians, make this shield yield." Her amber shield dissipated. "Seize them."
 The scagazi leapt at Mavik and Emerelda, seizing them, their pincers squeezing their arms tight. Mavik clenched his teeth against the creature's painful grip.
"What you be grabbin' us fer?" Emerelda asked. "We ain't with the Weaver. I be a Guardian like you."
"You are nothing like us," the golden knight said, sliding open his visor. Blond sweaty hair was matted and pressed to a handsome face. "Freeing the Shadow Queen is punishable by death."
"Is that what we be lookin' like we be doing?" Emerelda asked. "I be thinkin' we just trying not to get killed."
"You control the Scagazi?" Mavik yelled. "You sent them after us? You had them kill my father?"
"Silence!" the blond haired Guardian said. "You shall have your trial."
"How can they control the Scagazi?" Mavik wondered.
 "Centuron must be a Beast Tongue," Jijari said. "Though I've never known a Beast Tongue to control a Scagazi before."  
"Please. Help me, I'm wounded," Opel whispered.
"She looks pretty bad, Tundor. So does this one," a woman soldier gestured at Kura. "We need to get them to Healer."
Tundor removed his golden helm. Long blond curls fell across his shoulders. "The Weaver and the Shadow Queen are gone and they have Asgaroth and the Dragonking. This is a dark day."
The woman soldier nodded. "Nothing we can do about that now though. Let me get this one to the healer."
"Permission granted."
The woman and two other Guardian soldiers gathered up the wounded Kura and carried her. The other soldiers and scagazi flanked Mavik and the others and brought them through the opening in the wall. The scagazi were the calmest Mavik had ever seen them, slinking alongside the knights.
"What be you doin' with us?" Emerelda asked.
"No harm will be done to you until after the Judgment," Tundor said. "If you are innocent you have nothing to fear. If you are guilty you will be thrown in the Pit."
 "We only be freein' the Shadow Queen because you sent your scagazi to kill us!" Emerelda said. "It be our only hope."
"We sent the scagazi to stop the prophecy from coming true," Tundor said. We foresaw you freeing her."
"Then you caused it!"
"Silence!"
Mavik felt the rat squirming in his robe. His father had sacrificed himself so Mavik could live. Perhaps it was time for him to do the same for Emerelda. "Take me. Leave the rest of them. They're innocent. I'm the one who freed the Shadow Queen. If anyone deserves to be punished it's me."
"Are you a Guardian?" Tundor asked.
"No."
"You couldn't have freed her without the help of a Guardian mage."
"It weren't him," Emerelda said. "It be me. I did it."
 "So many confessions. I'm not the one you'll need to convince," Tundor said. "I'll be sure to relay your confessions to Centuron though. And then I wish you luck once Centuron casts you into the Pit."	

Chapter 32
 Nothing Truly Ends

Nothing truly ends, only changes and weaves like the corridors of the Weaver's World-Kolram

-<>-

The tip of Gar's blue knife loomed closer and closer, till the tip touched Wayden's neck. It scratched him like a sharp fingernail. He strained to push it away, but the Skymaster was stronger.
"You should have made sure I was dead, Kolram" Gar snarled. "I'll be sure to cut you enough that I won't make the same mistake. Removing your throat ought to do the trick."
Then Gar pulled out of Wayden's grip, raised the knife, and . . . a line of flame hit Gar, melting the knife and searing the flesh from Gar's hand. Gar screamed in pain, but continued his assault. Bony fingers wrapped around Wayden's windpipe. 
How was he still alive? Gar was no Immortal. The flesh wouldn't have burnt off his hand if he was.
As Wayden fought for air, he became dizzy. He saw a tunnel of light ahead. He drifted towards it. Kazor and Nanny were all waving to him from up ahead, but his mother was shaking her head. 
"Wayden," his mother said. "Don't let go of Mavik's hand."
Wayden forced himself back into consciousness. He wouldn't fail Mavik, or the others. Not again.
"Gar possesses a second artifact besides the necklace," Kolram said. 
Wayden's eyes roamed up and down Gar, desperate to find something. His mind flashed backed to Dragonclaw, the wounded soldier who was healed by his necklace Wayden's eyes fell on Gar's armband.
He had to let Alaina know somehow, but Gar was choking him, closing his windpipes. Wayden summoned a last surge of desperate adrenaline, and kicked out sideways, sending Gar sprawling. Alaina rushed forward and Wayden whispered, "The armband," before hands of bone closed around his throat once more.
Alaina whispered a thin, precise line of fire. The red line of heat burnt into Gar's arm around the bracelet The Skymaster screamed in pain as his arm became burnt bone. Wayden twisted and kicked at the weakened arm. The armband slipped from Gar's skeletal wrist, steaming as it fell into the snow.
Gar collapsed on top of Wayden, cold and lifeless. Alaina was sobbing. Wayden clambered to his feet and tried to hug her, but she pulled away.
"I just . . . need a moment." Alaina turned away, so her back was to Wayden.
 "Well done, man child," Harth said. "The dragon will miss the man child, when we part ways."
"You could have helped you know," Wayden grumbled.
"Man-child didn't ask," Harth said. "It is a great offense to take the glory of the fight from another. It is the Way of the Scale."
Gar's armband sat steaming in the ice, its golden leaf gleaming from snow melting on its heated metal. Wayden used his cloak to snatch it up and dropped it into his pocket. It felt warm against his leg.
He prodded Gar's body with his foot. He hoped that he was now done with death and battle. He hoped all this troubles were over. Yet it seems like they'd only just begun.
"Nothing truly ends, only changes and weaves like the corridors of the Weaver's World," Kolram said. "Even death is not the end. No energy is destroyed, only changed from one form to another. We're all connected, and yet?we're all alone."
Wayden walked over towards Alaina, whose face was damp and a lighter shade of green. 
"I'm sorry," Wayden said. "I know what it's like to lose a parent."
"I suppose I shouldn't feel anything about him being dead," Alaina said. "But I do. I mean, I'm glad he's dead, but I can't help but wish he'd been a better man." 
"When I found out my father had become a collaborator, it felt horrible. Our parents- they are supposed to be better than this."
"My grandfather beat Gar so badly when he was little, Gar lost his eye. If I have children, will I do that to them? Nadra says we're doomed to repeat the atrocities our parents inflicted on us."
"Nadra's a fool and you're nothing like your father."
"Yet. But what if I change. Become like him."
"Your very fear of it will stop you."
"Slow me maybe. But people do what they know. I've grown up steeped in hatred. It's in my bones."
"But not in your heart. You might have to guard against your instincts. But deep down, you care- you want to do right, and that will make the difference."
Alaina turned away from the burnt corpse. "Let's get the wraith out of here."
Wayden clambered onto Harth, and Alaina rode her wolf. They flew through the starry night. The green moon had disappeared already, leaving only the two smaller moons, like lovers in an open sky.
When they landed in the Fist, almost everything was ready for departure. Wayden saw a female Mantu and several Flickers loading bags of food, and he realized he was starved and thirsty. He asked a Mantu for drink and food. The Mantu bowed her head. "This one is honored to serve the Rider of Dragons."
 Wayden downed a full wine skin in one chug. Beads of wine dripped down his chin. "May I have a second?" he asked the Mantu.
"Perhaps you are the Dragonking reborn," Kolram mused.
Alaina sipped a water skin more modestly.
With an empty belly, Wayden felt more than a bit tipsy as he clambered onto Harth for the flight home. Alaina noticed and tightened his leg straps. "You wouldn't be the first Sky Raider to fall off his steed. It's a mistake you can't make twice because the first will kill you."
The Flickers were making a production of the Draconess board the dragon. A mustachioed Flicker was saying, "Your Majesty, are you sure you want to ride on an untested beast?"
"Oh, I'm sure you are very concerned for my wellbeing, now that you aren't cutting me or throwing me in a prison. If I were you I'd just be happy I'm not feeding you to the beast."
The tall Flicker turned beet red.
After the Draconess boarded Harth, they soared into the night sky.
So much had happened; it felt like a bad dream. He had achieved his vengeance, but it had been costly. Jazlyn dead. Rif, Verica, and Mavik trapped underground. He'd failed them. He should have saved them.
"You did more than anyone could have expected," Kolram said, "I'm proud of you."
The squadron of wolves and one dragon must have made a strange sight to anyone in Raslo or Deep Woods who happened to be gazing skywards. As they flew, Wayden told the Draconess what had transpired with Gar. Her grip tightened as he spoke, as if she was frightened by his words, or perhaps flying on a dragon wasn't as fun as she thought it would be.
	After a full day of flying, they landed at South Watch. There was snow here as well, though a lighter dusting graced the boughs of evergreens. The dark-skinned Flame, the female healer, and several Flickers came out to tend the wounded. Wayden surveyed the surviving magi. Not counting the eight that had gone with Conrick on the sled, there were twenty other survivors. If they rescued Mavik and the Dragonking they might be able to save a dozen more, but hundreds were dead. Wayden had failed them.
"You saved more than would have been saved if you hadn't risked your own life and limb to fly into what we all thought was certain death," Kolram said. "No small achievement for a fifteen-year-old."
"Sixteen," Wayden thought. "Did you forget today is my name day? We had a party and everything." 
"And what a party it was!"
"You mean you didn't get me anything? How thoughtless of you."
"I may be bodiless, but if I become thoughtless, what would be left?"
"Just a loud talking mouth. Oh wait, that's what you already are."
"A hit, a palpable hit."
Wayden and others helped the healers treat the cuts with a mixture of honey and kava leaves, and then replaced the old bandages with fresh linens.
Nearby, Alaina whispered rather heatedly to Laeko, as she dressed her wounds. "You knew didn't you? The Weaver asked for me to save you. You knew that the prophecies were fakes."
Laeko shook her head. "I guessed, I didn't know. It has been many a year since the Weaver and the Shadow Queen included me in their plans. I'm surprised she even thought of me at all."
"She specifically wanted me to save you," Alaina said, tightening the bandage.
"Odd. The Weaver is not a particularly sentimental person. Why would she be worried about saving an old woman like me? I tell you I know nothing."
"I find that a bit hard to believe."
"You're hurting me."
"Good." Alaina stormed away.
Was Laeko telling the truth? If she was lying, she was delivering a fine performance. Still, if Wayden had learned nothing else, it was that some were as skilled with lies as Dragonknights were with blades.
 After he was done with the wounded, Wayden approached Alaina, who was starting up a campfire with her breath. Wayden envied her, flint was far less accommodating than Fire-whispering. Even wet from the snow, the tiny pieces of wood caught quickly and soon the flames leapt skyward. Alaina pulled up her sleeve and drew her knife.
"Enough, with the cutting," Wayden said. "Enough blood has been shed. You're right that butchery should be taken seriously, but I think you should include yourself in that sanction."
"I don't want to be like my father. I don't want to take killing lightly."
"You shouldn't. How about a moment of silence and prayer to remember the dead? If your father meditated more, and cut less the Nest would've been a more peaceful place."
 Alaina chewed her lip. "Perhaps you're right. A moment of prayer and meditation sounds good. My head feels like it is about to explode. You know the Hum of Bantos?"
Wayden nodded. He took her hand and placed it against his chest and then began to hum a single note softly. They prayed, staring into the dancing flames for a long notch. When they stopped, Alaina stood and paced. "I don't know what to do. I'm not the Skydaughter anymore."
"No, you're something far better," Wayden said. "Come to the Red Palace with us. They don't have enough people left who are skilled with sky wolves. Not to mention you possess the powers of the Grandmistress of Flame"
Tears brimmed in Alaina's golden eyes. "I don't belong there. I don't belong anywhere."
"None of us do." Then Wayden smiled at Alaina, squeezing her hand affectionately. "And all of us do." Wayden laughed. "Besides, you told me you would let me take you to a ball."
"Wasn't that what we just attended?"
"I had in mind a different kind of dancing. One that involves less fire and steel."
"What, that wasn't good enough for you? Percussion from the Heart Stone, Asgaroth and the Dragonking dancing- what more could one ask for?"
Wayden smiled. They stared at the fire for a while longer. Finally Wayden said, "I wish there was some way I could get Mavik back. This waiting . . . it's so hard. And whose to say by the time I get to him he won't be dead already?"
Alaina held his hand. "I know. I wish there was something I could do to help."
"You could stay with me."
"And what? I'm a disaster right now. I've got to sort my head out. Maybe someday I'll be ready, but right now, I'm more of a volcano than the Red Palace. I think I need to just fly by myself for a bit."
"What? Without Red Paw?"
Alaina laughed. "Well, that might make the flying bit tough."
"Will you come back someday?"
Alaina flicked her tongue. "The wraiths couldn't keep me away. Anyway, I'm not going anywhere just yet."
She leaned her head against Wayden's shoulder and a moment later Wayden heard soft snores. He lay her onto a blanket and put another over her. A drop of moisture fell on her blanket. He was surprised to find tears racing down his cheeks.
	The next day, they made good time, arriving before sundown at the Red Palace. The dragon entered through the craterous mouth of the volcano and landed in the Court of Flame. Guards and servants were helping the unloading of the wounded. Dragonknights came to help the Draconess down from Harth's back.
Volkanus let out a sad moan from his bed of lava. 
"Another dragon!" Harth said. "Sick. Dying. The line of the dragon must not fade. So says the Claw."
	Volkanus did seem at death's door. An acolyte and a tall, gangly Mantu servant were scrubbing the sickly dragon. Volkanus's scales were more than half gone and his skin was covered with huge scarlet boils. His eyes crept open only for moments at a time. Wayden leapt off Harth, and rushed across the stone floor towards Volkanus.
	"What's wrong with him?" Wayden asked the acolyte attending him. The apprentice turned, and with a start, Wayden recognized him as the pale-faced man who had been paying Gior to suck his soul. The man seemed to recognize Wayden as well. His face paled and he trembled.
	Volkanus let out a pitiful moan. "Poison."
	Wayden's eyes widened. He studied the huge, scarlet beast. The patchy white skin reminded Wayden of his father's old dragon cats. One day one of the dragon cats had a reaction like this and they had to send for a healer. What was it he'd said? It came back to Wayden in a flash. He addressed the tall, thin male Mantu, scrubbing the dragon's flaky scales with a polish.
	"Stop!" Wayden said. "Stop scrubbing."
	"You there- halt." The Draconess bellowed. She studied Wayden curiously. "What ails?"
	"In the mansion I grew up in-" Wayden began.
	"You grew up in a mansion?"
	"My parents were Laisa and Kelsen of Templeton. We lived in the Telek manor. My nanny scrubbed our pet dragon cat-" 
	"What a peculiar pet. Dragon cats are filthy, wild animals."
	 "That's what Nanny said, and she scrubbed him with a base powder. The Healer told her she had to stop doing that. Dragon blood is acidic."
	The Draconess barked at the Mantu, "Lay that polish down immediately!" 
	The Mantu servant did so, and bowed. "This one meant no offense, Madam. This one was told to use this to polish the dragon."
	"Who gave you that order?" the Draconess asked.
	The Mantu pointed to the acolyte.
	The acolyte's face reddened. "Lord Crow."
	And had he obeyed unquestioningly because Crow had paid him and he desperately needed money for Gior?
	"Crow . . . Karsgoth," the Draconess's face reddened. "He has much to answer for. Dade!"
The Fire-whisperer had just dismounted from his wolf. He hurried to the Draconess.
	The white dragon settled in next to Volkanus in the pool of lava. Harth licked the flaking scales with a thin forked tongue.
	The Draconess said to an Ember. "Get Belza immediately. Tell her of the situation and have her tend the dragon."
	The Ember shook his head. "I beg your pardon, Your Highness. Belza was one of the wounded taken by sled to Lumberton."
	"Well get Lahart then," the Draconess said.
	"Lahart was buried before we left Raslo. Evio is our highest ranking Beast Tongue at the moment."
	"Evio? Who is that?"
"An apprentice of Lahart's."
"An apprentice of an apprentice. Does he even know a dragon from a dog? Tell him one has wings and the other barks. Curses, what a mess. Well, don't just stand there. Fetch him."
"Her, Your Majesty."
"I don't care if she is an it! Get her!" the Draconess said. She shook her head watching the Ember scurry off. "Gah! Half our magi dead or wounded. Dracon Niar's name will go down in infamy."

-<>- 

Wayden fought back tears.
"Well, I guess this is goodbye," Alaina said. They stood by Cook's lake. The heat from the lake struck against the cold of winter and steam billowed up in tall towers, pillars of sky.
"Where will you go?" Wayden asked.
"I'm going to fly to Kaldia, first. See if I can win the skywolf-flying competition in the Blood Games. Then maybe I'll visit the Diamond City in Tulkar." 
"It might be dangerous there. Rif told me-"
"Rif- that's the Tulkarian boy who almost killed you?"
"That's the one. He said his whole family was captured by slavers-"
"Too bad they didn't capture him too."
"Rif wasn't evil!"
"No, choking you was just his way of saying hello."
"The souls inside him got the better of him somehow."
"Same happened to my father. Except the soul was his own."
"It was different with Rif. He was-a friend."
"You always think the best of everyone."
"I didn't at first. I didn't even give him a chance, but Kolram told me too, and you know what? Kolram was right. Whatever happened to Rif, whatever he is now, it wasn't because he had purple hair. It was because the Dracon messed with things he never ought to have."
 "Take care of Laeko for me."
She clambered onto Red Paw's back. She smiled at Wayden, dampness on her cheeks. With a shake of the reins, she was gone.
Wayden felt as if he had a hole in his chest where his heart had been. He tried not to cry, but he tasted something salty on his lips. Heroes didn't blubber, but that was okay because he was no hero. He was just a boy trying to do the best he could.
"That, my young friend, is what a hero is," Kolram said.
"Speaking of young, how old are you exactly?"
"That I will never tell."
"You're a descendant of the Dragonking right? So what are you like two hundred? Two hundred and fifty?"
"Two hundred and fifty!"
"There is no way you are any younger than a hundred."
"I'm seventy five."
"Seventy-five! You're old enough to be a great-grandpa."
"I'm old enough to be dead."
 "You can't die yet. Wait till we've saved my brother."
"I serve at your pleasure, My Lord."
Wayden wandered passed the guard at the gate who bowed to him. Being a hero would take some getting used to. He got a bit lost, and passed the same guard about three times, before the guard took mercy on him and reminded him the way back to his new quarters. 
It was small, but had a beautiful view of Cook's Lake, though that just made him think of Alaina again. He had a sleeping pallet and a chest to keep all his possessions in. Now he just needed some possessions. Still, it was the most comfortable place he had rested for eight years. He'd just dozed off, when someone rapped hard on the door.
He opened the door to find the female Mantu supply master and a dark-haired girl. The Mantu was the supply master with the different colored eyes, who had given him the wineskins at Dark Fist. The woman was pretty, with sparkling blue eyes and long black hair. 
"We must go now, Dragon Rider," the Mantu said.
"Pardon?"
"My name is Ravenna," the human girl said. "This is Ec. You must come. We have to go now. My friend here is a Splasher. We have to get you out of here before Ko has you imprisoned."
"Ko?"  Wayden asked surprised.
"A Purist Fire-Whisperer."
"I have had the misfortune of knowing him. What about Ko? The Draconess will keep him in line."
"The Draconess is about to be removed from power," Ravenna said. "Ko's coming back from the Three Temples. Neruk and Ko have gained support and claiming to take over rule till the next choosing. They are using the Dracon's accusations of treason against his wife as proof that she cannot remain in power. The Draconess is seeking to get support from the Temple of the Dragon, but for some unfathomable reason they are supporting the Purists." 
Wayden remembered the acolyte who had owed money to Gior. His family were rich and influential in the Temple of the Dragon. Could that have something to do with their support? Had they been bought off?
"A Purist will be even worse than Niar," Ec said.
Wayden shivered. The Purist movement had fallen out of favor after Dracon Borleat nearly brought the Land of Light to ruin, with his campaign to purge non-human elements. If Ko was a Purist, then people like Ec, Verica, and Alaina would be banished, enslaved, or killed.
"We have to warn the Draconess," Wayden said.
"One of our members is telling the Draconess now, but we have seen in the water that Neruk and his son Ko will be seizing power for the foreseeable future."
"I've had enough of visions and prophecies," Wayden grumbled. "How do we know the Shadow Queen isn't playing us again?"
 "There was no pulse this time," Ec said, "The messages the Shadow Queen sent through the Heart Stone pulsed as the Heart Stone did. This one should have noticed it. This message was clear. There is a way into the underground. We must seek the Followers of Bantos."
"The Woodsmen? They're dangerous bandits." Even as the words came out of Wayden's mouth, he thought of the kindly Healer Conrick who had denied it flatly.
Ravenna's face reddened. "My brother is one of the Woodsmen. He's no bandit."
Wayden held up his hands. "Very well. I suppose we need to move then. Let me get Harth."
Ec shook her head. "Harth will not come with us on this journey."
"What? Of course Harth will," Wayden said.
Ec shook her head. "You will see."
In the end, Ec was right. 
"Man child has been friend to Harth. But Volkanus is dying, perhaps the last of our kind. Harth's first duty is to the claw."
Wayden tried to explain about Ko taking over, but Harth didn't care. "The affairs of man mean nothing to Harth. The Dragon line must be continued. Such is the way of the Fire Blood. So speaks the Egg." 
There was no changing Harth's mind, and every moment they wasted trying was putting them in more jeopardy, so with a sigh, Wayden said goodbye and moved quickly out the South West gate.
Ec nodded to the officer on duty and the officer nodded back. Horses awaited them. Laeko and a huge Ozac were there too.
"This is Org," Ravenna said. "He'll be joining us."
Org's mount was a large, black warhorse. Wayden's was a small green dragonhorse. Wayden didn't know her name, so he decided to call her Green Chameleon, in honor of Swiftrider and his horse. Laeko shared the horse with him. Ravenna and Ec both rode on the back of a single palfrey.
Snow fell from the sky, casting Deep Woods in an icy glaze that crested bough and stump in a blanket of peacefulness. 
What new adventures were ahead of Wayden, he could only begin to guess? The future had suddenly been stricken wide open and it no longer seemed to he was destined to be a nothing, and all the possibilities in between were strewn like a rainbow cross a sun-kissed sky.



The End
