 The Ungifted Elf
Tales of Odealeous
By: A.J. Martinez


All rights reserved
 Copyright © 2014
A.J. Martinez
Smashwords Edition


License Notes
This novel is licensed, for your personal enjoyment only. This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents, are either the product of the author's imagination or; if real, used fictitiously. This novel may not be re-sold or given away to other people. This novel may not be reproduced or transmitted into any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system.

If you would like to share this book with another person, then please purchase an additional copy for this purpose. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

http://ajmartinezauthor.com/
ISBN-13: 978-1-63173-411-3

Map of Verday




The Ungifted Elf

He gazed up at the Quariras Mountains. Named after the myth of the Quariath fairies. It is said that the fairies lived in the mountains guarding ancient relics and treasures from the world. He had read scrolls about the fairy king. A creature of light said to be able to grant unspeakable magical abilities. A wish master. He was determined to find the fairy king. He thought of his pilgrimage as a last chance to regain his place amongst the Elves of his village. The old dusty scroll said that the entity of light lived with the Quariath fairy tribe. Their village is hidden somewhere in these mountains. It was not just the scroll that told the story. He has been hearing the tale since childhood and unlike most people he chose to believe in the fairy tale. Stories have been told about warriors and mages who have traveled the mountains and never came back. That did not scare him. Uncertainty was never something he feared. "The future is unwritten" he would say. "We must write it ourselves." 
Eckxio had traveled from the northern country called Burnahdujf. He had been preparing himself for this day. The day that he would explore the mountains and find the sacred grounds of the Quariath fairies. He was stubborn and was willing to die in this journey. He only had his pet fairy to accompany him. 
He walked the dirt path that led to the mountains. On his map, the path coiled around the three mountains. "This is it Nana. The path will take us to the mountain on the right. After we explore it we move to the one in the middle." He told his paploo fairy. The furry creature flew around his neck and played with his pony tail. Eckxio slapped Nana with his hair playfully. "You know I don't like that." 
The paploo fairy fluttered four leaf like wings. It had small narrow eyes with a cat like nose. It swirled around Eckxio trying to annoy him. It was the only companion Eckxio had. Paploo fairies are rare and only three inches in size. It was a fluke of the gods for Eckxio to find such a rare creature. 
He contracted his scroll and dropped it in his bag hanging from his waist. He adjusted his sword and shield on his back trying to find comfort with his equipment. He did not carry much, but his weapons were heavy. Elves don't usually wield such long heavy weapons. They are known for their magic skills, archery and small swords. At only five feet in height and petite frames, Elves were not made for muscle work. Eckxio was the only exception. 
The Elf was restless. He had incredible energy and stamina that he had built over the years. He would walk for days tirelessly, sometimes without food. Soon he arrived at rock bottom and was eager to start running up the path. Then he saw men in armor patrolling the very entrance of the mountain. 
The queen's soldiers were patrolling the gate. Eckxio recognized them. They were Borothorns. Low ranking puppets of the queen's army as he phrased it. "Ironic that on the same day I try to go up the mountain, the queen's puppets patrol it." 
Eckxio approached them and just as he reached the gate, they formed a phalanx in front of him. 
"Soldiers of Verday. I am only going to say this once. Get out of my way," the elf demanded arrogantly. Nana hid behind his pointy ears. The Borothorns only grimaced. They were clad in green and bronze armor. Helmets shaped like beetle heads. Square shields and long double edge swords with no point, made for chopping. 
"The queen has forbidden anyone from going up the mountain," said the leading Borothorn. "Anyone who dares to defy the queen's rules will be seriously punished."
"The mountains do not belong to the queen," Eckxio remarked. "She dares call the mountains her own. She thinks of herself as a god, does she."
"Listen, you scar faced half man," the Borothorn said. 
"I am an Elf," Eckxio quickly replied. 
"I don't care. No one is allow to go up the mountain until further notice. Your journey must be postponed. Come back another day, Elf."
"I demand to speak with your Leahthorn," the elf stood his ground. 
"I am afraid she is busy. You can complain all you want, but if you want to go up the mountain you must come back another day or taste our steel." The Borothorns stepped closer to Eckxio as if to threaten him. Eckxio was not afraid. They were bigger than him; about one foot taller and their armor was thicker. They could all surround him and slice him to pieces with their large swords, but Eckxio stood confidently. He was sure of himself. He leered at them and took a step closer. He was ready to draw his sword and shield on his back. 
"Listen. I have to go up the mountain. Not tomorrow or the day after. I am not going to get in the way of your scavenger hunt," Eckxio persisted.
"You are a cocky stubborn one aren't ya." The leading Borothorn grinned. 
"Tell me what the queen is looking for. It can't be so important that you are blocking the way," Eckxio asked impatiently. 
"That is not for you to know little Elf. I will give you one last warning before I?"
"What in terra is the trouble!" yelled someone from within the phalanx. 
The Borothorns broke the phalanx and from the middle emerged a woman. Her armor was different from those of the Borothorn soldiers. It was round, firm, bedecked with golden flowers and filigree. Her armor was colored with a green base, yellow edges and blue highlights. Her helmet was peak and carried long white plumes on the apex. It was an elegant steel cloth. She sported her blond curls cascading over her pauldrons. Her eyes were a cold blue and leered at Eckxio. "Identify yourself," she commanded. 
"My name is Eckxio of Evee Iris village in the Spirituah forest. I want to go up the mountain path. I would like to know why you are blocking the way to the mountains."
"The queen is having us search the mountains. That is all I can say," said the blonde woman. 
"Listen Miss?"
"Daneera is my name." She finished his sentence. "Leahthorn of the queen's army."
"If you won't allow me to explore the mountains may I at least know what you are searching for?"
Daneera approached Eckxio. She removed her helmet and more blonde mane fell on her pauldrons. Her face was sharp and her stare was cold and serious. She was nine inches taller than Eckxio. "I will give you one last warning," she said. "Walk away from here now unless you want to be one foot shorter. There are fifty of us and only one of you." The Leahthorn walked away and Eckxio just stood with arms cross. 
"I can find another way up the mountains you know," Eckxio said. 
"Go ahead. All gates of the Quariras Mountains are close. Unless you love to climb then there is no way." Daneera told Eckxio as she walked away. He gritted his teeth and began to seethe trying to control his anger. 
Suddenly a Borothorn came running towards Daneera. His armor clanked as he ran. Unlike the other Borothorns, he wielded a spear. "Leahthorn Daneera, we have found something that could lead us to the Quariath fairies we have been looking for." 
Daneera quickly jerked her head at the soldier and grimaced. "You fool!" she yelled and drew her saber. 
Eckxio smirked devilishly. "I had a feeling we were searching for the same thing." He drew his sword from his back. The white steel shined with sunlight. He carried his shield in his right hand. It was also made of white steel with the word "faith," written in elfin codex on its center. The Borothorns drew their swords with a long hissing sound of steel. 
"Sorry little Elf, but you are not allow to know," Daneera said and sneered. "We will have to get rid of you if you refuse to leave." 
"Nana lend me some fire maju." He told his fairy. The tiny paploo then swirled around Eckxio's left hand over his sword, granting him maju from one of its four round belly buttons. 
The gorgon eye on Eckxio's fist opened its eye and absorbed the maju. The Borothorns ran to attack. Eckxio raised his sword over his head, pointing it to the heavens. With sunlight the white steel created a blinding flash. The light stung like a slingshot to the eyes. All Borothorns surrounding him were blinded by the white flash. Eckxio quickly ran to the gate to avoid any bloodshed but then Daneera stopped him. She swung her elegant saber with carved roses on its steel. "I knew you were looking for the Quariath fairies. What does the queen want with them?" Eckxio asked and lashed his white steel.
"I could ask you the same thing, stupid Elf." Daneera blocked with her saber. She swung her blade fast with power. It was light and rapid. Eckxio's sword was powerful but heavy. He blocked with his sword and Daneera's saber vibrated. The Leahthorn swung again and Eckxio slapped her saber away with his shield then he swung and wounded her arm. His sword and shield were heavy but he had learned to battle with such weight. The sword and shield were made of rare white steel called zeustoss, said to be the steel of the realm of light in the northern country. It was forged by Dwarves. Eckxio had spent a year studying weaponry with the lovable Dwarves. 
He was a hard target since he was shorter and moved rapidly. Speed of an Elf, physical strength of a human. Daneera stepped away from Eckxio. She thought that her sword had broken after that collision. "What kind of steel is that?" She asked and held her wound arm. 
"Sorry, but I won't tell you. It is my little secret," Eckxio answered. Suddenly, the Borothorns charged at him. They had recovered from the effect of the blinding light. Five of them charged at Eckxio. "Nana, air maju," he told his pet fairy. The little paploo quickly swirled around Eckxio, granting him more maju and then hid inside his chest plate. The Elf blocked two swords with his shield and swung at the neck of a Borothorn. Blood sprayed and fell on Eckxio's silver armor.  
Suddenly Eckxio's left foot sunk into the ground. Earth Magic, he assumed. The Borothorns began to hurl rocks. With his shield, he blocked most attacks and took damage from behind. One Borothorn ran at him with an arm covered in gravel. The Borothorn swung, Eckxio ducked and then climbed over the arm and on to the back of the soldier. He pierced the armor with white steel and heard the sound of breaking bones. He jumped off the Borothorn and onto another driving his blade through armor again. Eckxio's silver armor was now covered in blood. 
"Kill him he is just one man. Use your magic!" Daneera yelled at her soldiers. It infuriated her watching how one small Elf was able to take down many of her men. Not even magic was able to stop the Elf. "I have never seen an Elf this strong. He is not even using his own magic."
Eckxio kept on dodging attacks. He rolled on the ground, jumped and sunk his blade into another Borothorn. They hurled large rocks at him using terramancy. His shield protected him and no rock was able to dent his shield of white steel. 
"I am getting tire of this. Haven't you had enough?" Eckxio said as he fought. Then something wrapped around his neck. He thought it was a rope, but it was too damped and leathery to be ropes. He looked over his shoulder and saw Daneera pulling on a vine. The vine constricted his neck and choked him. The Leahthorn pulled and the Elf lost air and balance. 
"I am going to put you in a cage and throw you into the dungeons of castle Verdeh." Daneera promised. She pressed more of her maju into her spell and more vines whipped from within her vambrace and wrapped around Eckxio's body. Borothorns took advantage and aimed to kill the Elf. Then a ball of fire began to swirl around Eckxio's body and burnt the vines. When the Borothorns saw fire they immediately withdrew. The fireball swirled around Eckxio's body creating a ring. 
"Scare of a little fire," said the elf wiping the sweat off his forehead, feeling the scar that ran from his upper right forehead, down his nose and to his left cheek. The scar brought a painful memory, but he quickly shoved it. "Thank you Nana," he said and the furry creature hid in his silver armor. 
"Just me and you then blondy," he challenged.
"I will enjoy digging your grave little Elf," Daneera said and licked her sweaty lips. Eckxio dashed with great speed. Daneera gasped at the speed of the Elf. He thrust his white sword and she tried to parry it. She managed to deflect one blow and then went for his neck. Like the wind, Eckxio lashed his sword and sent Daneera's saber flying. The saber then pierced through the armor of one of her soldiers. Just as Eckxio was going to deliver the final blow, Daneera summoned a wall of earth. She forced the ground to rise with her maju and stopped Eckxio's attack before it could pierce her. 
"Luck of the gods, blondie," Eckxio mocked. "Your blood would have been mine." 
"I am sure you know this already but you are on the queen's blacklist," Daneera said from behind her wall of earth. 
Eckxio surveyed his surroundings. Borothorns lied dead on the ground. His silver chest plate was covered in blood. He felt Nana shivering inside his armor. I am sorry Nana.  He looked at his sword and saw his reflection on the white steel. The Tharos sword and shield. That is what the Dwarves named it. This is so redundant, he told himself. Why don't I just run? He realized that he was enjoying slaying men. He enjoyed killing humans. He took his anger out on them. 
He raised the Tharos sword over his head pointing to the heavens. With the light of the sun, it created a blinding flash. All his foes were now blinded. Eckxio ran towards the gate of the mountains.  He got so caught up in battle that he almost forgot why he was there. He ran until his foe was far from sight. I spilled unnecessary blood. The Tharos sword did not have to wound them. He had forgotten of the magic of his sword. He could choose for his sword to cut through flesh or not. He realized the death of those men could have been prevented. 
Up a pair of wooden stairs he went, covered in moss. Although the soldiers were far from sight Eckxio just kept running. As he ran he began to think of five years ago. His mind took him back to the past when he first left the elfin village of the Spirituah Forest. 
He remembered being the only Elf in the village without the gift. The gift that every Elf had. The gift of a long life span. The deep connection with nature and the four elements of fire, water, air and earth. Elves were gifted with great magical power. Their magic was greater than that of a human. Their connection with the natural energy was deeper and purer yet Eckxio struggled tremendously with this aspect. Not only that but he was not healthy like the other Elves. He got sick too often and his mother had to keep an eye on him. Even his younger brother Lannie had to take care of him. Eckxio grew up watching all the other Elves in the village learning magic, casting spells except him. His parents spent a great deal of time trying to teach him to connect with the natural energy. His peers mocked and humiliated him. They hindered him for being the only Elf to ever be born without the gift. They called him "gray blood." A term for non magic Elves. 
His brother Lannie grew jealous of him. His parents would give Eckxio all the attention and Lannie was left alone. Lannie was a prince, a musician and was skilled with air and water magic. Lannie attracted many girls of the village. He lived the life that Eckxio could not, yet he still envied his brother. Although Eckxio had to live without the gift he kept his chin up and his spirit high. He never lost hope. He never lost faith. He was stubborn and believed he would one day learn magic like the rest of Elves. It was difficult for him. He barely had friends. The other Elves would bully him and cast spells on him. Eckxio only knew hand to hand combat. 
He got the idea of developing a hand to hand combat for the Elves. However, no one supported him. Elves were known for their magical abilities, not for physical strength or hand combat. The Elves were smart creatures and did things intellectually. Eckxio was like a human among them. 
By the age of fifteen, Eckxio was really depressed and felt great emptiness. Until one day, his brother Lannie told him of a tome that his father kept hidden away in the dungeons of the village. It was called the Grimoire Of The Land. A book of earth spells that he could use to learn on his own. It is said that the grimoire was written by the apprentices of the pioneer of magic. The legendary Prodigus Kollos. 
Eckxio went looking for the grimoire in the dungeons of the village. He found a passageway that lead to an underground chamber behind the throne of the king. Inside the chamber, he found the grimoire. Eckxio ran away into the forest with the book and began to read it. His brother Lannie had sent warrior Elves to capture him. His own brother had framed him. No one believed Eckxio. Being the only non magic Elf, it would make sense for him to steal the Grimoire Of The Land. 
Afterwards, his father, King Sherwood exiled Eckxio to never return to the village again. The grimoire he had stolen was believed to be sacred and an important artifact passed down from generations of Elves. His father did not want to exile Eckxio, but the people of Evee Iris wanted the ungifted Elf out of the village and so they got their wish. 
Ever since then Eckxio had been living in exile. A loner. A drifter of the Verday country. 

Trace of fairies
Hours had passed since he fought those soldiers by the entrance. It began to rain and wind lashed his face. The rain washed the blood from his silver chest plate studded with diamonds. He threw his blue hood over his head, Nana hid inside of it. The paploo shivered like winter cold. "There there Nana. I will keep you warm. Don't worry girl."
As he walked up the mountain path he contemplated the queen's purpose for blocking all entrances to the Quariras Mountains. She must have made some discovery to have made it so forbidden for anyone to trek through the mountains. "If the queen is also searching for the Quariath fairies then that is enough proof of their existence. When an aristocrat set their eyes on something, it must be of great importance. Perhaps the queen thought that no one would be bold enough to search for the fairies. After all, they are just a myth. It would only make sense. Those with power seek more power. Still? I wonder. What else could she possibly try to gain? Even if the queen's puppets find the fairy king before me, what is the queen's wish?"
Then Nana flew out of his hood and danced in the rain. One of Nana's belly buttons began to glow blue. She was absorbing maju from the rain. The fairy absorbed maju from natural resources and stored it in one of her four belly buttons. Eckxio pressed her belly buttons and Nana giggled. "You and me Nana. We will find the Quariath fairies and receive the blessing of the fairy king. Then once I awaken my ability to connect with the natural elements, my father will welcome me with open arms."
It's been five long years since he left the village. He questioned if it was still worth returning home. He had seen a much bigger world than when he was in the village of Evee Iris. He enjoyed his freedom and had traveled to places with rare sights. However, he still felt empty. A part of him strongly wanted to go home. 
He gazed at the horizon and saw a city that he had traveled by. As he romanticized the view he heard the clanking of boots. He decided to slow down and pressed his back on the stone walls of the mountains. Soon he came across a tunnel. Eckxio stopped and hid behind a boulder. He spotted Borothorn soldiers guarding the tunnel entrance. At their side, there were masonry tools and wheelbarrows filled with gold. Gold, well of course these mountains have an abundance of rich minerals. However, I am sure that is not all they are looking for. Eckxio peeked over the boulder and saw more men exiting the tunnel hauling large containers of gold and pushing wheelbarrows. They weren't clad in green and bronze armor but regular clothes of town's people. Workers perhaps. One worker almost slipped from the edge of the path. The rain made the ground slippery. Eckxio dare not fight them in the rain and risk slipping off the edge. I rather wait here for hours, he thought. He knelt stealthily behind the boulder and prayed the Borothorn guards never spot him. Eventually, I am going to have to run pass the tunnel and continue up the path. I just have to wait for those guards to go inside the tunnel.
Suddenly he heard the thumping of boots and the clanking of steel coming from behind him. That sound could only mean one thing to Eckxio. That Leahthorn was persistent enough to follow me or maybe she is just going to meet up with her fellow soldiers. His heart hammered at his chest. An adrenaline rushed through him. Enemies back and front. Left or right was not an option. He would either fall from the edge of the mountain path or climb up. Eckxio was sure no climber. He had climbed trees skillfully but never rocks especially on a rainy day.  It is not like I am going to go back anyways. Better move forward. 
He jumped over the boulder, drew his sword and ran towards a guard. The Borothorn became alert at the thumping of Eckxio's boots. The Borothorn reached for his sword on his waist and before he could draw it, the Elf's sword swung across his arms. No blood spilled nor was the Borothorn wounded; he only felt an incredible pain from his elbow. Eckxio had broken a bone with the Tharos sword. The guard wailed with pain. Eckxio then pushed him down and the guard fell from thousands of feet high. 
"Hey you!" yelled the other guard drawing his sword. Before Eckxio dashed towards the man, more Borothorns emerged from the tunnel. Five of them blocking his way up the mountain. 
"How in terra did you make it this far?" Asked one of the soldiers. "I am sure the other soldiers at bottom of the mountain would have stopped you."
"Yes they did try but did not succeed," Eckxio said and sneered. 
"The queen's Borothorns and workers are digging for gold. This area is off limits. I would kindly escort you back to the bottom, however, you pushed one of our men down. That cannot go unpunished." 
"I figured you wouldn't let me pass either way but as you can see I am stubborn and I must go up the mountain." Eckxio said and spun his sword playfully. 
"What business do you have in the Quariras mountains?" Asked the leading Borothorn. 
"I already know that you are here searching for the Quariath fairies. I am not easily fooled." The Elf replied. Then more soldiers arrived from behind him. He already knew who they were and could already feel that female Leahthorn in the group. "Nice to see you again." He said without facing them. 
"I knew I would find you at this checkpoint," Daneera said, drawing her saber with a long hiss of steel. "You are a tough one. Never have I seen an Elf with so much vigor. Unfortunately for you this is the end. There is nowhere to run. Either yield or die little Elf. Choose your fate?"
The rain became stronger at that moment and with the altitude, the wind blew wildly. The ground was slippery and even when gripping the Tharos sword he could feel his fingers sliding over the hilt. There was no way that he could climb up and survive in this condition. In front of him more enemies waited than from behind. He was sure that more Borothorns would emerge from the tunnel. 
"Is it too late to make a deal?" Eckxio asked sarcastically then Daneera burst into a fiendish laugh. 
"Look at yourself. What deal could an Elf make with soldiers of Queen Veronica? We have all the gold we can carry. If you don't have the guts to fight now then it is better to surrender. So yield now unless you prefer we throw you down the mountain so that the wild animals can feast upon your small body. You should have never left the forest, stupid Elf."
Eckxio had never been in a situation like this. However, as they waited for him to surrender, he plotted. "I will give you one more minute little Elf." Daneera warned. Her men were eager to dice the little Elf. 
My size won't help me in this situation, thought the Elf. I won't die here. Perhaps I can jump over them. Or?maybe?I can?dammit?I am going to have to kill them. I don't have any more maju in my gorgon eye. His gauntlet blinked. The gorgon eye twitched its pupil left and right searching for maju. Eckxio noticed it blinking and he realized, it is absorbing maju from the rain just like Nana. I was not aware it could do that. 
"Time is up little Elf. Now you die!" Daneera came running at him. She struck and Eckxio deflected her sword with his Tharos shield. He swung at her and she ducked. He delivered a kick to Daneera's right knee and her leg wobbled. Eckxio quickly turned his attention to a Borothorn behind him. A sword descended upon Eckxio about to hack his cranium. The Elf spun rapidly and as his body twisted in the air, he cleaved the Borothorn's arm off. The arm fell right next to him and with disgust he kicked it down the mountain. The Borothorn yowled and Eckxio ended him with a thrust and twist of his white steel. 
"One down. Who is next?" Eckxio said with a cocky smirk that blazed Daneera's blood. 
"You have killed enough of our men. Stupid Elf." Daneera rasped with gritted teeth. The Leahthorn attacked from his right and another soldier from his left. Daneera swung first, her saber slid over his shield. Eckxio clashed swords with the soldier to his left. He spun then clashed swords with Daneera and blocked the soldiers attack. He repeated again and again fighting the two. Daneera thrust forward, her blade slid over the Tharos shield once more and Eckxio tripped her. Her saber pierced her comrade's chest plate. "That is a fine blade you have there." Eckxio mocked. Daneera pulled her saber and her comrade tumbled down the mountain. 
"What kind of comrade are you?" Eckxio asked. "Don't you think it will be easier if you just let me go? That way none of these puppets will continue to fall." 
"Shut up!" Daneera bellowed. Her blonde hair cascaded wet on her pauldrons. Another soldier ran towards Eckxio from behind. The Elf spun and parried then wounded the leg of the soldier. The Borothorn fell to his knees and Eckxio plunged his white steel into the neck. His enemy fell. The rain washed the blood. 
"I told you, just let me through and there will be no need for bloodshed," he repeated. 
"It is futile," Daneera replied. "Our orders are to prevent anyone from entering the mountain path. It does not matter how many of us you take down. More will come until we make sure you are captured. I can tell you are not one of those magic Elves. You are different. I have fought Elves before and I have learned that they will not hesitate to use magic during battle. All you have is that magic sword of yours. You are not gifted like the other Elves, but you are good with the sword. Trust me little one. Your speed won't help you for long in a battle of steel." 
Eckxio was somewhat upset at Daneera's cold reading, but she was right. He was not like the other Elves. Other Elves would have used their magic against the soldiers and escape quickly. However, Eckxio had no other choice. So what if I have no magic, I have Nana to assist me and the gorgon's eye. 
Two Borothorns attacked from both sides. With sword and shield he fought. Eckxio was a small target. One of the Borothorns missed and wounded his comrade. Eckxio killed them both with a tornado swing of his Tharos sword and decapitated them. Heads and bodies fell down separately. Eckxio then turned to Daneera and saw a soldier with a crossbow. Just as he raised his Tharos shield to block, the arrow had already launched. By an inch he failed to block and the arrow plunged into his right shoulder. Eckxio yowled so loud it echoed across the skies. A soldier tried to take advantage while the Elf was injured. Eckxio let go of his shield and swung his sword three times at the soldier, cutting the right hand off and opening two chest wounds. The soldier screamed and then Eckxio kicked him down the mountain. 
Pain blazed on his right shoulder. He had dropped his Tharos shield. How in Odealeous did I miss that bolt? I should have been able to block it in time. 
"Kill him while he is down," Daneera yelled. Two soldiers went attacked. Eckxio yanked the arrow from his shoulder with a grunt. He lifted his shield again and blocked. He yelled from the pain as blood gushed from his shoulder. This is nothing, I have endured worst wounds. The scar that the Gorgon snake left on my face was much worse than this scratch. This is nothing, this is nothing. He parried with his sword and blocked with his shield. Suddenly one of the soldiers kicked his shield and the Elf lost balance and fell. Eckxio quickly jumped to his feet, dipped and cleaved the leg of another soldier. His Tharos sword cut through their armor as if it were chopping wood. The soldier fell. Then Eckxio spun to the other soldier. His foe swung at him, the blade sliding over his shield and almost cut his pointy ear off. He dashed and thrust so hard that his foe had no choice but to vomit blood then he pushed his foe off the mountain. 
"I can do this all day blondy. Why don't you come at me? Afraid I slide that pretty face of yours. You must keep your men really warm at night." Eckxio taunted her. He was tire of fighting her men. It was not likely of him to fight a woman, but he saw her as an equal. She was just as strong as he was. If I can defeat her maybe her men will give up pursuing me.
"I heard human female warriors like you are very dominant. There must be a reason why these men let you take the lead. I am guessing your phallus must be bigger than theirs." 
Daneera became angry. The Elf was becoming incredibly annoying to her, "I swear I will kill you and when I do, I will cut off your pointy ears and shove them in your mouth." 
 Suddenly, screams came from the tunnel. Daneera and her men turned their attention to the screams, even Eckxio. More Borothorns and workers emerged from the tunnel. They tried to run down the mountain path, but it was busy with soldiers trying to kill Eckxio. "Where do you all think you are going? There is still a ton of work and search to do. Get back in that tunnel." The Leahthorn commanded. 
"Commander! It's too strong. It is made out of rocks. We can't fight it," said a panicking Borothorn. 
"Made of rocks? Are you sure you aren't hallucinating. Pull yourself together," Daneera said. 
"No commander I swear, it's a monster and it's made of rocks." The soldier repeated. "He is telling the truth, we all saw it." Said another. Then from within the tunnel, thumps were heard. Thumping like the steps of a giant. As the thumps got closer their hearts pounded faster. Something emerged from the tunnel. It looked like a hand formed of stones. Hands so large that can grab a man's torso entirely. Then what seemed to be the head of the creature came into the rain. Finally, the creature's body fully exited the tunnel. It stood fifteen feet tall. An entity of stone. In its right hand, it carried a dead soldier. It dropped the soldier and the body landed right in front of Eckxio. The Elf winced. 
"Leahthorn Daneera. What do we do?" A soldier asked, his lips quivering. 
"Run! Don't try to fight it. Run!" Daneera yelled. She pressed her back against the wall and her men ran pass her. Two men were captured by the hand of the golem and smashed against the mountain walls like bugs. The golem stepped on a soldier as the coward ran out of the tunnel and turned him into a plate of blood and gore. Many men ran up the mountain path, some ran down pass Eckxio. Most made it but those who were unfortunate suffered with great pain and agony in the hands of the golem when it squeezed the blood out them. 
Eckxio stood there watching the golem do its damage. He gazed at its horror not with fear but trying to understand the creature. Mythical creatures don't usually attack unless they have something to defend. Unlike humans, they don't search for trouble. The golem had not attacked Eckxio yet. Perhaps it had not spotted him yet but either way Eckxio did not fear it. 
"What did they do to upset you?" He asked the unknown. He watched as the rock golem tossed wheelbarrows filled with gold down the mountain. All the precious gold that the queen's employees worked so hard to find was now tossed into the valleys of the mountains. 
"You got lucky, stupid Elf. The dragon gods have mercy on you." Were Daneera's last words before she tried to run then the golem snatched her right in front of Eckxio. The golem grabbed her by the torso. She flailed and kicked, but her movement was futile. She shrilled and tried to stab the golem. 
"It didn't even try to attack me," Eckxio thought. "Maybe is because I am an Elf." He assumed. "I can't just stagnate." He brought his sword to his forehead and whispered a prayer of the Dwarves over the white steel, terras shine white light and cleave divine omni with your might. The magic of the sword triggered and the white steel glowed a divine light. Its white light made Eckxio feel safe and secure like standing by a campfire and looking out the window at the winter snow. "First time using this spell," he confessed. He tested the sword on the wall to his left. He swung it across stone and carved right through it effortlessly like slicing flesh. 
He approached the stone golem fearlessly. The golem seemed to have some affinity towards the Elf and Eckxio planned to use it to his advantage. "Down here you doltish mind of gravel," Eckxio tried to get its attention. The golem looked down at Eckxio with his small face. It had glowing yellow eyes like lanterns. It seemed to be smart enough to lean against the mountain wall. It slowly stepped down the path, trudging towards Eckxio. "Come on you doltish mind of gravel. Come get me," he taunted. The giant swung its colossal hands aiming to swat the Elf against the wall. Eckxio somersaulted backwards and with a sound like thunder, the golem smacked the wall, forcing water to spray off.
Eckxio raced over its arm and to its shoulder. "Hold still blondy," he told Daneera once he reached the head. 
"As if I had a choice!" she replied. The body of the golem was steep and easy to slip off due to the rain. The golem turned its head over to its right shoulder and spotted Eckxio. The Elf thrust his sword into the yellow glowing eyes of the giant. From inside he heard shrieks. Shrieks like that of a young girl. There is someone controlling the giant, he thought. The yellow eyes dimmed and the golem reached for its face. Eckxio hurried down its right arm to save Daneera. Why do I bother? I could just let her die. However, a memory of someone dear to him haunted him and drove him to save the very woman who tried to kill him. 
"Why are you trying to save me?" Daneera asked. The golem's colossal hands clutched her torso. Her arms were free but useless. Eckxio stood at the wrist of the giant staring down at her, having second thoughts about the girl's redemption. 
"Run Elf! Run! Save yourself. Don't be a fool." Daneera told him. 
"See how it feels when you are at the brink of death," Eckxio said
"I prefer to be killed than to be pitied," Daneera rasped. Then with a flashing white light, Eckxio swung his sword and sliced the thumb of the stone giant. The stone finger fell and shattered below. The Elf then sliced the index finger of the giant again with a swing of white light. He grabbed Daneera by her collar and pulled her out. They both balanced on the golem's wrist. The golem then reached for its right wrist with its left hand. Eckxio and Daneera quickly race to the right shoulder again. The golem's hand followed them. The Tharos sword glowed white and divine. Eckxio swung and cleaved four feet of stone. The golem lost his index and middle finger and was unable to grasp. 
"Your sword, it can cut through anything," Daneera stated. 
"Yes indeed. I can also choose for it to not cut," he answered then glanced behind the golem and spotted something red on its back. He almost slipped, but Daneera clutched his armor. 
"I see something," Eckxio said. 
"What do you see?" Daneera tried to look down while holding onto wet stones. 
"Some kind of gem on its back. Perhaps a ruby stone. I think that is the source of its power," Eckxio assumed. 
"You're the only one that can take this thing down," Daneera admitted. "Can we at least get off this giant first?" The giant shook its body like a dog trying to dry itself. Eckxio and Daneera slipped. The Elf dug his sword into stone and held on. Daneera grabbed onto Eckxio's leg. They hanged from the golem's chest and it stood tall on two legs. It continued to shake its body purposely. "It's trying to shake us off." Eckxio struggled to say as he gripped the hilt of his sword. The Tharos sword still glowed, as long as the Elf kept his faith the light continued to glow. I won't die here, not yet. I will live. 
The golem placed its stone body parallel to the mountain wall just above the tunnel. "It's going to press its chest on the wall," Eckxio said as he hanged.
"Are you so sure?" Daneera asked. 
"This is our chance. We have to jump and slide down the slope of the wall." The elf plotted. 
"Are you crazy?" Daneera snarled. 
"Got any better ideas," he replied but the blonde woman did not respond only trembled as she held on to his leg. The golem began to push its stone body up against the mountain wall. Just at the nick of time Eckxio yanked out the Tharos sword and fell on the rocky slope. The two slid down and their armor scratched against stones. One silver and one green. Then they fell down to the path of the mountain. Eckxio rolled over the edge losing grasp of his sword. He managed to hold on the edge with two hands. At that very moment, he began to lose hope. As his fingers slowly slipped off the edge, his dreams of finding the fairy king were also slipping away and fading into darkness. No! Terramus, please help. Don't let it end here. Not like this. I have yet to find the fairy king. I have yet to prove myself to the Elves of Evee Iris. By the dragon gods. Give me strength. Don't let me slip off this mountain. 
There were no rocks protruding below to help him push himself up. His hands were getting tired and his shield was heavy. His fingers were beginning to slip. He searched for something that he could grab on. He found himself stuck in one position and tried to push himself up with his feet but his boots kept slipping over stones. Curse my decisions. Why in Odealeous did I ever bother to save that woman? Maybe because she reminded me of her. He was willing to take those sweet memories of her if he were to fall down to the valleys of the mountain. If I fall?if I don't make it then I am glad my last thoughts were of you Kefka. 
Suddenly a pair of hands grabbed him from his wrist and pulled him up. Out of danger and onto the mountain path again. He lied there astonished, breathing heavily. He then looked up and saw Daneera looking down at him with those icy blue eyes. "There there little Elf. Praise be to Terramus. You are safe."
Eckxio stood up and stared at Daneera. "Thank you," he said, uncomfortably. "I thought you were going to run away like your cowardly soldiers," he said. The Leahthorn jabbed his arm. 
"Shut your mouth. Don't ruin the moment. Say anything else and I might just push you down." Daneera said. "Here, you dropped this." She handed over the Tharos sword. "It's a beautiful blade. Don't ever lose it."
"Thank you. It wasn't easy to make," Eckxio said, awkwardly. Although he had saved her, he still felt awkward having fought just a moment ago before the golem appeared. 
"Now let's get out of here before the stone giant captures us again." She grabbed him by the arm but the Elf shoved her away. 
"No. I must stop it."
"You really are stupid. Do you want to die? If so then I must leave. No one is going to come and save you. Run now or be squash by the stone giant." Daneera wanted to walk away, but something prevented her from leaving Eckxio alone. The rain raged on and she gazed at the Elf through strands of damped hair. He was nine inches shorter than her and yet he felt taller with heroism. Daneera saw the strength of five soldiers in this one little Elf. Being a captain, she had a fine judgment of men's character. Even when the odds were against Eckxio he still fought. He had much fire in his heart. In his eyes, she saw pain and determination. There was no way to hold him back.
"When I was on the shoulder of the giant, I stabbed one of its eyes. I then heard shrieks. I believe there is someone inside the giant controlling it. I think this could be a hint of the fairies. Also, the red stone that glints on its back could be the key to destroying it. I have to try."
"There is no stopping you is there?" Daneera stared at him solemnly. 
"Sorry blondy. We will finish our fight another day. Run and join your comrades. Goodbye." Eckxio spun his sword skillfully and walked towards the giant. Daneera wanted to leave, but she didn't. She stood there at a distance, watching Eckxio. "Be careful!" she yelled. 
The golem was entering the tunnel, it was withdrawing. "Come back here you doltish mind of gravel!" Eckxio yelled, but the golem did not respond. It retrieved into the tunnel from which it came. Eckxio ran after it. He saw the golem was on its knees entering the tunnel. The head was already inside but its dorsal still outside. Eckxio jumped on its leg and climbed on its back. He saw the red jewel on its back. It was the largest ruby stone he had ever seen, the size of a dragon egg. He whispered the Dwarves prayers on the sword, terras shine white light and cleave divine omni with your might. It glowed white and the Elf ran over the back of the golem. The giant then tried to stand up and hits its head against the tunnel ceiling. Eckxio lost balance as the golem's back began to rise. He thrust the Tharos sword into stone and hanged onto the golem's back. The stone giant stood up and tried to reach behind its back. Eckxio waved around holding onto the hilt of his sword. 
"I don't usually do this but Nana, I need your help." He called his paploo fairy. It flew out of his silver chest plate and swirled around his face. Its four belly buttons glowed red, blue, green and white.
"Nana, please tell me you have some fire maju left," Eckxio begged. Nana made squeaky noises and chirped responding to Eckxio. "Good, now make a distraction for me."
Nana swirled around rapidly as if it were panicking, making squeaky noises and squealing. "He won't harm you Nana. You are too small of a target. Just try to make him bend over." Eckxio always trusted Nana. Although he was unable to cast magic, Nana always kept a lot of fire maju for him. It carried maju inside its belly buttons. Nana flew up to the head of the golem fluttering its leaf like wings. As it began to release fire maju, its wings changed. The leaf wings morphed into bat wings and the fairy glowed a volcanic red. 
The golem saw a spark of red light swirling around its head. It was like a firefly to the golem. Nana flew in circles around the golem's head creating a ring of fire. The fire blinded the giant. It tried to swat Nana away as if she was a bug but the fairy was too difficult a target and it swirled around the golem's hand. Where ever it flew it left a trail of flames in the air. Nana flew down to the feet of the giant. A colossal hand followed her, trying to capture her. As the golem bended its back trying to catch Nana, Eckxio balanced himself on the giant and yanked out his sword. He walked up its back hunched over and once he reached the ruby jewel he plunged the Tharos sword into red stone. "Rock golems are not very smart," he said. The ruby jewel shattered into shards. Eckxio ran up to the head of the giant as its massive body tumbled and its cobbled stones dismembered. Eckxio jumped off the falling giant. He landed before stones and waited to see who or what was controlling the golem. 
Nana came flying towards Eckxio. The paploo fairy quickly hid inside his hood. "Sorry, I had to make you do that Nana." Eckxio apologized and Nana only squealed. 
The rain raged on. Eckxio stared at the fallen stone giant. He saw something rising from the pile of rocks. It was glowing a lavender color. It jetted into the sky and vanished from sight leaving a trail of golden dust that was then blown by the wind. Eckxio gaped gazing up. He was sure that it was a Quariath fairy. It was only a few inches bigger than Nana with silky wings and a tail. 
"I am sure that was a Quariath fairy. What else could it had been?"
Nana danced around Eckxio's face. "You think so too don't you Nana." Even the paploo fairy agreed. "I know I can trust your judgment. Fairies understand other fairies." Eckxio smiled knowing that he was closer to finding the ground of Quariath fairies. I will find the fairy king before anyone else does.
"Little Elf!" he heard someone yelled from behind. Eckxio spun around and drew his sword. It was Daneera again. "Little Elf. You did it." 
"I thought I told to leave. Don't tell me you want a rematch." Eckxio frowned and felt weary. 
"That was incredible. I have never seen such courage," Daneera said. There was kindness in those icy blue eyes. Her voice was gentle now and embracing. She walked towards him soaked from the rain. Her blonde hair damped over her face. 
"You can go back to your mining work now." Eckxio told her, sheathing his sword on his back. "I must move on up the mountain. Don't try to stop me or this time I will kill you." With those final words, he turned and walked away.
"Wait!" Daneera shouted. "Let me help you," she said. Eckxio turned around and sighed. 
"I have all the help I need. Thank you but all I want is to find the Quariath fairies." He turned around again. This time Daneera ran to him and clutched his right arm. 
"I can supply you with food and water. You are too tired. You won't make it alone. Let me help you." She gently placed a hand on his shoulder, but Eckxio pushed her away. 
"I know you want to find the fairies as much as I do. You can't slow me down. You think just because you are a woman you can convince me. Think again. I am an Elf. I can see through you." Eckxio refused to be weak around Daneera. He resisted her. She reminds me of Kefka.  
"You are stubborn aren't you? I just want to help you. I won't try to stop your search for the fairies. The queen ordered us to find gold and she believed that the Quariath fairies hid somewhere inside the Quariras mountains. I am not one to disobey her majesty, but I owe you. You saved my life little elf and for that I am willing to keep quiet about your quest. May the dragon gods help you find the Quariath fairies." Daneera then grabbed Eckxio's face gently. He did not resist. She kissed him deeply. He was nine inches shorter than her, but she did not care. She hunched over to kiss him and Eckxio got butterflies in his stomach. It was a long kiss and he felt warmth in his heart. She pulled away and looked into his hazel eyes. "Godspeed little Elf. Perhaps we will meet again someday." She walked away and blurred into the view of the rain down the mountain path. Eckxio was speechless. Kefka?she is just like her.
A memory flashed and his mind drifted into the past. 
He remembered her clearly. Just three years ago. Kefka was her name. A lovely brunette from the northern country called Burnahdujf. She was nine inches taller than him. Elves don't grow pass five feet. Kefka did not care. She loved Eckxio dearly. They met six months after Eckxio was exiled from his village. He rested at an Inn in a small town just north of the capital of Verday. He met Kefka by a water fountain. She was also a drifter. Traveling from village to village, town to town resting in Inns and in the wilderness. She was a non magic user just like him, but she was fierce with the sword. It was her who taught him the sword and shield style of fighting of the northern country. She was a strong woman but when she was alone with Eckxio she was tender, gentle and loving.
At first Eckxio was afraid to open up to her since Verday was always at war with the North Country. Eventually, he let go of his insecurity and fell in love with her. Eckxio was from Verday and Kefka from Burnahdujf. An Elf from the green country and a human girl from a country of gold. Two worlds but one love. They were from different races, but they did not care. Their love was true and they traveled together. It was rare to see an Elf and a human in love. Like the sun and moons, both came during different times of the day but reign in the sky similarly. 
Kefka took him to the North Country and introduced him to her friends the Dwarves. That is when Eckxio discovered the rare divine magic steel called Zeustoss. The Dwarves forged the very sword and shield he wielded. The Tharos sword and shield as they called it. Kefka had also educated Eckxio about the paploo fairies and their unique ability to store maju inside their tiny bodies. Kefka was his world. She was everything to Eckxio after he was exiled from his village. He had found love with a human girl. Someone he never thought would see him as more than a species of the forest. 
Then one dreadful night Kefka's people discovered that she was crossing the border to their enemy's country and in love with an Elf. She died trying to protect Eckxio running through the woods. An arrow to the heart ended her life and their love. Eckxio wanted to commit suicide, but something held him back. He could not end his life after all Kefka had done for him. Her love lingered inside him and kept him warm in dark times. 
Eckxio returned to Verday after his love had died. That is when he seriously began to study all the scrolls that Kefka had left him. He did not enjoy reading, but Kefka had helped him understand how important it was. In one of her scrolls, he read about the fairy king. A myth he had heard for so long. He decided to finally search for the fairy king and receive his blessing to unleash the magic power he was meant to have as an Elf. 

An Elf's awakening

 The rain eased and poured gracefully. Eckxio had been walking for an hour now after he had defeated the golem. He thought of her ever since that kiss. It was warm and stress relieving. He imagined kissing Daneera again. It was a wonderful feeling and he wished he could have savored it longer. Kefka why did you have to die? he thought and his heart felt heavy. He thought about those moments with her. He wanted to hold her hand again. When he was with Kefka the world did not matter, not even Evee Iris. He thought of visiting Burnahdujf again. Maybe I will go and visit Auron in Parteh Famo again. Perhaps I should ask him if I could stay and live there. I am sure he would not mind. 
Eckxio gazed at the horizon as he walked the pathway. He noticed the Spirituah Forest where the village of the Elves resided. Once I find the fairy king, father will accept me back into the village. His brother Lannie came to mind. The one who framed him for stealing the sacred grimoire. You will pay for what you did Lannie, I swear it.  His last chance to prove himself. He did not know of any other place where Elves could live peacefully. Even if he did find another community of Elves elsewhere, will they accept him for being a non magic user? He was alone in a world dominated by humans. Elves lived in the forest and their numbers were smaller while humans populated most of the country. Even when he traveled to Burnahdujf, no one had ever told him of other Elves. The northern country had small communities of Dwarves. Not even Kefka had seen Elves in the north. "You are the first Elf I have ever seen," she would tell him. Eckxio was not sure of what he would do if he did not find the fairy king. Perhaps it was childish hope for him to try and find a myth. What if it is just a myth? What if I search in vain? He would ask himself and gaze at the sky dreamingly. What other choices do I have?
Suddenly, Eckxio saw a man standing idly on the mountain pathway. He looked like one of the queen's workers who were digging for gold in the tunnel. His clothes were dirty and had a long brown beard.  He was looking into the palms of his hands and trembled from the chilly winds of the altitude. Eckxio approached the man but kept a distance. "Excuse me, gentlemen," he said politely. "Is everything all right?"
"Gold?" The brown bearded man said as he trembled. 
"Gold?" Eckxio asked in a daze then he noticed that it was what the man had in his hands. "Ah! You have gold. This mountain is full of it but why do you seem so astonish. Weren't you digging for gold earlier?"
"That gold was not mine. It was all for the queen and then that rock giant appeared from the abyss and tossed it over the mountain." The man said with anger. "I didn't get one pebble of gold but now with this bit of golden dust I can sell it for a small fortune and live luxuriously." 
"Golden dust?" Eckxio asked. He then recalled the fairy he saw had left a trail of golden dust. "Where did you get it?" 
"I saw this little creature just a moment ago. It flew up high and left golden dust on the ground. I am not sure what it was, but I was able to scoop up some of the dust before the wind could blow it away."
"A small creature you say. How did it look?" Eckxio came closer to the bearded man, eager to know more.
"Get away from my golden dust." The bearded man said. Then the wind gusted and blew the dust from his hands. The man ran after it and almost fell off the edge of the mountain path. "No!" he yelled desperately. "Damn the dragon gods." He said and then ran back down the path screaming insanely. 
"What an idiot. Why doesn't he just dig for more gold by himself?" Eckxio said and laughed at the poor man. "For the least, that bearded man sure gave me a huge clue."
Eckxio was sure that he was getting closer to finding the Quariath fairies. He had found two clues already. He continued to walk down the mountain path. He turned left at a curve and then found himself at a dead end. He could not go further, but he persisted and continued to survey the area. He tossed his head back and noticed vines on the wall. The vines coiled up to what seemed to be a tunnel. There was nowhere else to go and surely he was not planning on heading back anytime soon. He grabbed onto the vines and climbed. With a heavy sword and shield on his back, he managed to make it all the way up to the tunnel even with the whistling wind lashing at him. 
It was dark inside and narrow but with enough room to swing a sword. He walked in slow with every footstep echoing. Only the light from the outside illuminated his way. Eckxio was not sure where the tunnel would lead, but he kept his hopes high. The higher he went up the mountain the closer he thought the fairy king was. A blind quest perhaps but he was determined regardless. Live or die in this quest he did not have a home to return to. 
When the light from the outside was too far to illuminate his way, he used the light of his magic sword. Tharos illums, he whispered and the white steel glowed and brightened the tunnel. He continued to walk until he came to an intersection. "What now?" he asked himself. The tunnel split into the three channels. 
"This is going to be a problem?" He said. 
"The choice is always the problem." A voice echoed inside the tunnel. Eckxio took the shield from his back, spun his sword and it glowed brighter. 
"Who is there? Show yourself!" His voice echoed inside the tunnel. 
"The path less traveled by." The voice echoed again. It was the voice of an elderly woman with a very hostile tone. "Little Elf, little Elf. A unique one with a difficult destiny and a vague path. Will you live or will you die in this tunnel of fate."
Eckxio's heart pounded faster. Sweat drenched his brow and he blinked nervously. A cold chill ran up his spine. "Show yourself. Tell me how to get out of here?"  
"Gladly," the voice echoed.
Before the three passageways, a hooded figure began to rise from the darkness. It was no taller than Eckxio and held a scythe a foot taller with wrinkly fingers. The hooded person removed their hood revealing a hag with cluttered white hair. Her face had moles and her forehead was so wrinkled it covered her eyes. Her cloak was torn at the ends and charred. She coughed dryly and so thunderously that Eckxio grimaced and took a step back. "Eckxio is your name," said the hag. 
"How did you know that?" Eckxio responded raising an eyebrow. Although she seemed weak, her enigma made her threatening. His Elf instinct told him she could be carrying an illness. Elves were keen to illnesses. Healthy creatures that could live for up to three hundred years. Their lifestyle and eating habits had helped them reach such a long lifespan. 
Although Eckxio was not gifted with life longevity he knew how to avoid deceases, sickness and illnesses. His magic sword had divine maju that repelled such curses. That is why he had chosen the zeustoss steel for the Dwarves to forge his sword.
"I have been sensing your maju since you entered the mountain, Eckxio." The hag said. Her fingers quivered and she continued to dry cough. 
"Darkness I see in you, old hag. Tell me how to get out of here." Eckxio demanded. He held his sword out, preventing the hag from coming any closer.
"Don't be afraid, brave Elf." Said the hag and coughed. "I won't harm you. What you must fear is your choice from now on. Each tunnel carries different types of maju fused with darkness. You must choose a path if you want to find the fairy king. I must warn you that none who have made it this far have ever made it pass these tunnels. Once you chose a tunnel there is no going back. You either die trying to find your way out or live and find the light at the end of the tunnel."
"Who?are you? Why should I listen to you, old hag?" Eckxio asked. 
"I am the fate of these passageways for the Quariath fairies. I am the darkness of these tunnels." 
"In other words, there is no hope for me if you are the 'fate' of these tunnels. Meaning that you won't allow anyone to succeed." He predicted. 
"Men's fate is the same. The question is, will you die here today Eckxio? Will you walk away or take it upon your faith to choose between these three passageways unsure if you will find that which you seek." With those last words, the hag vanished into the shadows and only her high pitch laugh lingered. That laughter sent cold chills through Eckxio, as if doom was waiting for him. 
"I won't die today," he said to himself. "By the dragon gods I won't die here today but how in terra am I going to chose between these three tunnels. They all look the same?The path less traveled by she said."
Eckxio tried to look down each tunnel, but he saw nothing but darkness. Once I make a choice there is no going back. She also said that each tunnel has a different type of maju fused with darkness. I wonder. He went to the tunnel on the left and waved his gorgon eye. The eye turned green. That color was for the element of earth. The gorgon eye sensed earth maju inside the left tunnel. "Interesting," he said and moved on to the center tunnel. He waved the gorgon eye and it turned red which was the color of fire. "Fire maju?interesting." He moved on to the last tunnel on the right and waved the gauntlet one last time. The gorgon eye turned blue. The color of water. "Earth, fire and water. I am guessing I will encounter some kind of trouble related to one of these elements."
Eckxio stood there and pondered. The Tharos sword was still glowing white. Nana flew out of Eckxio's armor from his neck collar. She was glowing red with four bat wings. "What is it girl?" Eckxio asked his fairy. Her four belly buttons began to flicker in four different colors. Red, blue, green and white. "What are you suggesting?" 
Nana flickered her upper left and right button in red and green. "Red and green. Fire and earth. What are you trying to tell me?"
Nana turned red again, made a ring of fire and flew up. She then turned green; her wings were now transparent and silky like a dragonfly. She wobbled and then fell to Eckxio's feet. "Oh, I see. You want to use fire on earth. Great thinking Nana. We have a better chance at survival if we use fire on any plants or earth curses. What would I do without you Nana?"
The Elf entered the left tunnel. His sword illuminated the way. After a few steps inside, the entrance started to seal itself with tree roots braiding themselves shut. "No!" he yelled and panicked. Shadow roses over the entrance. Dark magic, Eckxio thought.  He thrust his sword with an attempt to open the way. Only the tip of the sword touched the wood, but it felt as hard as stone. The magic of his sword did not work. The shadows nullified the divine magic of the sword. Eckxio cuss and kicked in frustration. "Once in, there is no way out. So be it."
He began to walk the tunnel. It was narrower than before. The air was thin and the walls were craggy. There were thorn vines on the walls as well as above. Eckxio got scratched a few times then his head began to spin as if he were drunk. He began to breathe heavily like he had run miles. The light from his sword helped him see everything yet his vision became blurry. The deeper he walked the more ill he felt. It wasn't long before he noticed that the vines began to grow flowers. 
Eckxio saw the flowers blooming from bulb to lilac pedals. They bloomed rapidly unlike he had ever seen. From the center of the flowers sprouted a tube and it coughed a pollen. "Nana, lend me some fire maju," he asked his fairy. Nana then swirled around the gauntlet and the gorgon eye absorbed the maju rapidly. Eckxio quickly used his gauntlet and launched a jet of flames at the vines. He ran and burned the flowers and vines on the wall. He had still inhaled some of the pollen and he began to feel dizzy. 
Flames behind and ahead more deadly flowers and vines awaited him. Nana flew behind him. Suddenly something wrapped around his left leg and pulled him. Eckxio fell on his face and lost grasp of his sword. The Tharos sword lost its light and only flames illuminated the way. Eckxio looked at his leg and saw that it was a vine. It squeezed his leg and pulled him towards the wall. "No! Nana help me," but the paploo fairy did not come to his aid. Using his gauntlet, he shot fire at the vines and freed himself. He searched for Nana, but the fairy was nowhere in sight. He looked at the walls of the tunnel. The vines were coming to life. They whipped with thorns an inch long. More flowers bloomed, but this time they were violet and coughed a deadly pollen. "Nana where are you?" He screamed. Vines lashed at him and scratched his arms. 
Eckxio shot fire at the plants from his gauntlet. "Nana where are you?" He screamed again. Then he heard her squeal. He jerked his head left and right searching for the small creature. It was hard to find a three inch fairy. As he eyeballed the tunnel he spotted Nana on the ceiling wrapped in vines. "Nana don't worry I will save you."  
He dare not shot any more flames and risk burning the fairy. "Nana use fire maju." He told the creature. Nana then turned red. She ignited the vines and they ceased to whip and move. The fairy was set free, but it did not fly. No. It fell from the tunnel ceiling on Eckxio's hands. "I got you Nana." He put her inside his silver chest plate, where she usually hides. He then began to look for the sword. His head spinning like a drunkard. More flowers coughed their pollen. More vines whipped at him. Thorns dug into his arm. Even the thorns are poisonous, how in Odealeous am I going to get out of here. 
Vines wrapped around his arm. He groaned from the pain with one inch thorns in his flesh. The vines pulled him to the wall binding his body trying to trap him. He shot more flames and they ceased. He eyeballed the floor for his sword and he spotted it a few feet ahead. He quickly ran through vines and thorns resisting the pain. He lifted the sword and slashed the plants. 
He ran unsteadily down the tunnel never looking back. As he ran he bumped into the walls and cut through the cursed plants. The Tharos sword would not glow as it did. What is wrong? Don't fail me now. Tharos sword, brighten my way. He whispered the prayer of the Dwarves again, but it did not work this time. No! not now. I know I will make it. I know there is a way out of here. Still his faith would not activate the magic of the sword as it usually would. Why now? 
The tunnel curved right and became narrower. Eckxio continued to run. His head still spinning and the poison of the flowers and thorns began to circulate in his blood. Eckxio stumbled upon a rock and fell. He faltered finding it difficult to lift his own weight. He paused to catch his breath and felt his joints weakening. Those thoughts sneak up on him again. Those dreadful thoughts. Maybe I should just give up. It's not worth it. There is no fairy king. It is all a trap for fools like me. He kneeled in the darkness of the tunnel panting. Blood seeped from his arms after being whipped by vines and thorns. His Tharos sword would not listen to him anymore. Why should it listen to me, I can't event cast my own magic. He looked up at the ceiling of the tunnel and saw a figure. He stood up, legs wobbling and began to tremble at what was hanging from the ceiling. The skeleton of a Borothorn soldier in armor. Eckxio ran with panic and fear. He ran in the darkness stumbled upon something. He fell again, quickly turned over and screamed when he saw that it was a skeleton that he had tripped on. The Elf scurried back, stood up staggering and kept running in the dark. 
"You don't belong with us." Echoed a familiar voice. Eckxio stopped in fear, heart hammering his chest, his forehead sweating and lips quivering. 
"Who's there? Show yourself," his shout echoed in the tunnel. 
"You will never learn. You don't have the gift. You were born cursed. Poor Eckxio, how will you survive?" 
Eckxio recognized those voices. The voices of Elves of Evee Iris. They mocked him and bullied him. "Grey blood." He heard them say. He gritted his teeth and clenched his fist. 
"Damn you all! You will pay! I swear it!" Eckxio yelled vehemently. The voices echoed in the tunnel. So many voices, he could not hear his own thoughts. It was agitating and depressing him. The voices made him think of his past. The only Elf unable to cast magic while the others were communicating with animals, Eckxio stood alone with his mother watching them from afar. 
"He won't live as long as other Elves. He is too weak and untalented. I don't know what we will do with him. He will require special attention. He won't be able to learn as fast as the other Elves. Perhaps we can give him away to a human family." He heard his father speaking to his mother when he snuck out of his bedroom once.  
Their voices clouded his head. Eckxio banged his head against the stone walls. He dropped his sword and fell to his knees again, crying. "You will never be able to cast magic. You are a curse to this village. You should just give up." He heard them say. The words pierced through him. Just words but he felt their anger and disappointment. 
He remembered how much he used to struggle in the mage academy of Evee Iris. A school of Elves in the forest. All his friends could meditate and connect with nature. However, Eckxio was unable to focus. The Elves were strict, talented creatures of the forest. Intelligent and masters of the bow and arrow. Their magic was great. They can manipulate water, make plants grow faster, some could shape shift and others controlled the wind. Eckxio was unable to channel the maju in his body or even extract it from nature itself. He never felt the sensation of his own maju. He spent hours practicing after class was over. He would meditate in the forest alone with his teacher, but he found it extremely difficult to release maju from his body. "Let go of all your thoughts and still your mind," his elfin teacher would tell him. "Your body contains incredible amounts of maju. Once you have still your mind, you will be able to see the maju in every living organism. Like an aura or light that only the third eye can see." Eckxio listened to his teacher and practiced day by day. He never fully understood it. Eckxio read books about it but he could not silence his mind and when he seldom did he was still unable to channel his maju. It was like a tiger inside a cage and he could not find the key to release it. 
He thought about his life in Evee Iris as he lied in the darkness. Suddenly he felt the vines and thorns wrapping around his body again. The pain woke him and he groaned. The vines were thicker this time and slithered rapidly, faster than before. He flailed and kicked and tried to set himself free. Eckxio tried to shot more fire with his gauntlet, but the gorgon eye only blinked signaling that it was empty of maju. Nana was injured and unable to assist him. So this is it. I am going to be one of those foolish swordsmen who dies in these tunnels. I am going to become like these skeletons?the Tharos sword won't listen to me anymore. Am I going to drown in darkness? 
As the deadly vines constricted him, Eckxio was mused in his past. He was too weak to fight back. He wanted his last thoughts to be of her. For a moment, he dreamed of Kefka and he could see her face again. A long hair brunette, freckled face and nine inches taller than him. Her skin olive. A beauty of the north. "Eckxio you are a special entity," she would tell him. "You were meant for something much greater, that is why you are different."
"How would you know? I am just an exiled Elf," he replied. "I am lucky to be alive. I am not sure how I have survived all these years with no magic."
"Where is your faith my love? Is that really what you think of yourself?" She said. 
"There is nothing special about me. All I wanted was to be a mage like all the other Elves. To be able to use magic but I just don't have it in me. I am only good with weapons. I am just not made for the mystic arts."
"Eckxio my love. You once taught me to have faith in myself. That there is always a way. I think that is why I fell in love with you. You never gave up. That is why the Dwarves forged your sword of divine steel. The Dwarves believed in you. Because only faith could trigger the power of the sword. Don't allow any obstacle to hold you back. Faith is your strongest weapon." Kefka's voice resonated in his mind and as it faded away he began to surge with anger. 
Something had awakened inside him, like a kindled fire. Suddenly he found more energy in his body. His mind still spun from the pollen, but he persisted and pulled himself free from the vines. "I will not die in the darkness. No!" he yelled. Thorns sunk into his flesh. Eckxio screamed from the pain but pulled himself free stubbornly. More vines whipped and wrapped his torso. 
Abruptly, a light illuminated the tunnel from the unknown. It blinded Eckxio as he persisted through the vines. It felt warm like the sun and the vines around weakened. Through the glare, he looked in the direction of the light and saw that it was his sword. The Tharos sword was working again. Eckxio did not want to question what had triggered its magic. Whatever miracle had activated it, he wanted to simply believe it. He dragged himself over to his sword. The vines pulling him like octopus legs. He clawed the ground and pulled himself until he was able to reach his sword. The light was so bright he could barely see the hilt. He grasped his sword and cleaved the vines, setting himself free. He stood up, legs wobbling. He raised the sword over his head with triumph. The vines and thorns on the walls retrieved and their magic ceased. The flowers that had poisoned him lost their pedals and dried up. 
Eckxio looked at his sword. It glowed so bright that there was no more darkness. "Faith," he whispered and thought of her again. "You are always with me aren't you Kefka." He found clarity in his mind. The effect of the pollen and poison were vanished by the pure magic of the sword.
He looked down the narrow tunnel and saw skeletons hanging on the walls wrapped in vines. There were bones and skulls scattered on the ground that he had not seen. Dozens of them held sword and rusted armor over the skeletons. "Many warriors and travelers came to find the fairy king. They all failed. Not only did the vines hold them back but this place is cursed. Dark magic tugs at your darkest deepest memories." 
Eckxio moved on with light so bright he feared nothing anymore. He ran down the tunnel until he saw light so far up ahead. He ran faster, eager to make it to the end. He began to hear a sound as he got closer. The sound of water cascading. A waterfall perhaps. Once he reached the end of the tunnel there was nowhere else to go. He stood at a dead end with two waterfalls to his left and right. Stalactites hung from above and sunlight shined from holes in the roof. At the very bottom of the waterfall, there was a pool and beyond it he saw grass and an archway with elfin codex. 
"Here I go," he said and sheathed his sword on his back. "Nana, are you ok in there?" He asked his paploo fairy. Nana was wounded resting inside his chest plate. It squeaked weakly and twitched in a way that scared Eckxio. "Just a little more. Maybe the Quariath fairies will help heal your wound." 
Eckxio jumped down to the pool, feet in first. He fell from fifty feet high and splashed in holding Nana with both hands, afraid he would lose her. His armor made him sink deeper into the pool. He swam with one hand and legs paddling, gradually rising to the surface. Once he reached the surface, he rolled out of the pool, soaked and tired with Nana in his hands. Lying there, the elf looked up at the sunlight coming from the holes in the ceiling and said, "Kefka you have always shown me the light."

The fairy king

Grass growing inside a cave. Eckxio breathed with delight. The air was pure. It was like solace in a sanctuary. He walked through the tall grass, it brushed his body. "Never have I seen plants growing inside a cave," he said and looked back at the waterfall. The tunnel between the two waterfalls had disappeared and it spooked him. "Where did it go?" he asked. "That is definitely dark magic." It was like a dream. One minute he is running through the dark at the brink of death and the next, he stands in a sanctum. Many had tried and failed. Was Eckxio the first one to survive the dark tunnels? 
He tossed his head back and stared up at the opening in the cave ceilings. Sun light beamed on his face. The rain outside has stop, he thought. A tear left his eyes from the heat of the sun. He turned his attention back to the grass and flowers of the cave. It all reminded him of Evee Iris when he used to play alone in the forest with the apes and riding on the back of Deers.   Down the field of grass was an archway of golden stones. Eckxio walked to the archway with Nana in his hands. The paploo fairy twitched and squeaked. Every time it made a sound it sounded dimmer and dimmer Eckxio was beginning to panic. He ran to the archway. He recognized the letters carved on the stones but the words were not of the elfin language. These words don't make sense. I wonder who built this. 
Through the archway he ran, Nana on his chest. The walls and ceiling were of gold and silver bedecked with jewels of all colors. Diamonds, rubies, sapphires and emeralds. Eckxio took notice but kept running. Nana, please don't die. The archway had many pillars and statues of nude winged people and creatures. Gazing ahead, it seemed as though it would never end. Eckxio ran soaked and tired. His muscles ached and pain still simmered having so many wounds from thorns. His gorgon eye had no maju and with Nana injured, he had no source to cast magic. Nana was really the only way he was able to perform magic. Without her, he was just a plain canvas or so he thought. It was Kefka who had shown him the paploo fairies in the southern forest of Verday. Nana had chosen him as her master and it anguished Eckxio seeing her so weak. She was always so perky and filled his grey world with color. After Kefka had passed away, Nana was the only love Eckxio had left. He would not forgive himself if he lost her. It's my fault for putting her in danger. 
At the end of the archway, there was a winged statue. It was twenty feet tall, wings like a fairy, a rat like tail, dressed in a tunic. The statue stood in a circular chamber. It was sculpted of marble stone. Eckxio paced around it with curiosity. There was nowhere else to go. The archway had leaded him to a chamber, but there were no passages, tunnels or doors. Only the fairy statue filled the chamber. 
"Please tell me there is a way around here," he prayed. "This can't be all there is here after such a long trial. There has to be some secret doorway around here or something. I refuse to go back."
Suddenly he heard a thud, like the foot of a giant. Rapidly he drew his sword and spun around to face the statue. His eyes swelled with awe and fear when he saw the fairy statue animate. He quickly placed Nana inside his silver chest plate then lifted his shield from his back. The statue turned to him and looked down at him. It grabbed two stalactites from the ceiling and yanked them. It now held two spears. "Here I go again, fighting the rock golem but with a new twist."
The statue trudged towards him. Eckxio glanced at the archway from which he came from and intended to run this time. He was too tire and hungry to fight and did not want to put Nana at any more danger. He chanted the Dwarves' prayer on his Tharos sword and it glowed a white light. "I seem to be very lucky with stones that come to life," he said to himself. 
"Thou who dares enter our dwelling," the statue spoke with a haunting voice. It sounded like a crowd in an amphitheater. "Thou who invades our uncharted and eternal sanctuary. Thou will be punished. Leave or die."
Eckxio was shocked to hear the statue speak. "I come in peace. I mean no harm," said the Elf. "I seek the fairy king and nothing more."
"Foolish Elf. Thine shall never see the fairy king. It is forbidden for outsiders." The statue lunged a stalactite at Eckxio.  He rolled on the ground and ran between the feet of the statue. Before he could flee through the archway the statue slapped Eckxio with its rat like tail formed of marble columns. He blocked with his shield and was pushed against the walls. It was such a devastating blow that Eckxio thought his Tharos shield would shatter. He lost grasp of his sword and just as he went to reach for it the fairy statue grabbed him by the torso and lifted him twenty feet high. With only his shield at hand, there was nothing he could do. The statue would crush his body. 
"Foolish Elf," statue spoke, its voice echoed tremendously. "Thou were not meant to pass the trial of the dark tunnels. No being had ever survived. Consider this thine end." 
"Wait!" Eckxio yelled. "I know there is a Quariath fairy controlling this statue. I saw one controlling a golem earlier today. If you want to kill me that is fine but please?save my friend. She is a paploo fairy. She is injured and I fear she will die soon." He took Nana from inside his armor. She lied on his left hand twitching and squeaking. 
The statue suddenly stopped all its movement. It became tranquil for a moment. 
"Well, what are you going to do? Are you going to help my friend?"
Then the statue lowered Eckxio and placed him on the ground. It retrieved to its position again in the center of the round chamber. Eckxio quickly ran to pick up his sword. He refused to lower his guard and stared at the statue for further movements. He spotted something at the apex of the head. It glowed a lavender color and jumped from the statue. It then hovered over the ground and as it flew towards Eckxio, grass and flowers grew following its trail of golden dust. It was small but when it hovered over Eckxio's face he saw that it was four inches. Slightly bigger than Nana. It had pointy ears like Elves, spiky mohawk hair. It had big green eyes and large purple veins on its forehead. It wagged a rat like tail and fluttered silky wings like a dragonfly. "Consider yourself highly fortunate for having seen a Quariath fairy," it spoke. Eckxio was speechless. He could only stare at it with awe and gape. 
"Got nothing to say I see? Well, let me take a look at your friend," said the Quariath fairy. 
"I am so sorry it's just that I have only heard tales of you." Eckxio finally answered. He could not stop staring at the creature. As its wings fluttered, gold dust was release. It glowed lavender and blinked at Eckxio with huge kitten green eyes. "It is incredible. They are real after all." He said and tried to poke the fairy. 
"Don't touch me or I will command the statue to squash you." The fairy threatened. 
"Sorry, but I am just fascinated. Such a beautiful sight you are." 
"Yes I know. Outsiders like you are the very reason why we have been hiding away for so long." The fairy said. 
"Do you have a name?" Eckxio asked dreamingly. 
"Sixious is my name. Now if you would, please allow me to see the paploo."
"Oh! Yes." Eckxio reached inside his armor and pulled Nana out. Her four belly buttons now flickered dimly in four colors. Sixious flew over to the fairy, looked at Nana and rubbed her fur. Nana squealed and kicked. The paploo fairy had no arms only two small feet. Sixious sprinkled some of his golden dust on Nana and she sneezed. 
"Her body was pierced by something. What happened?" Sixious asked, hovering over Eckxio's face. 
"The thorns in the tunnels. I believe she was injured by them." Eckxio answered and frowned. 
"Ah! I see? I will heal her. You are a fortunate one indeed. In a few more hours, this paploo would have been dead. Unlike humans, paploo fairies survive mostly on maju. Any other creature would have been dead in fifteen minutes from the poison of the thorns."
"How do you know about the thorns?" Eckxio asked raising his voice. He sheathed his sword and fixed his shield on his back. 
"Us Quariath fairies cursed those tunnels to prevent anyone from reaching our dwellings. I was also responsible for the golem that had attacked you." Sixious confessed and remained solemn. It spoke politely and Eckxio could see that the fairy was erudite. 
"Why did you do it?" Eckxio asked softly. 
"We have been trying to prevent those soldiers from finding our dwellings in the mountains. We finally had enough and decided to use our offensive magic to scare them off. We dislike using violence but if it means keeping soldiers off our grounds then so be it. It just so happened that an Elf was accompanying them. We consider Elves our friends." Sixious then turned his attention to Nana. "I must take this fairy with me but you cannot come. I will be putting my people at risk by letting you in." 
"Hold on now," Eckxio snarled. "I came here to see the fairy king. You have to take me to him."
"Why does an Elf wish to see the fairy king?" Sixious asked, squinting. 
"I?I heard that he grants wishes and?" Eckxio stuttered a bit trying to explain. "I want to receive the blessing of the fairy king. I want him to awaken my ability to cast magic."
Sixious giggled and more golden dust sprinkled from his wings. "I have never heard of a non magic Elf."
"Well, now you have. Stop laughing at me and take me to the fairy king." Eckxio became irritated seeing the Quariath fairy laughing at his imperfection. So many had laughed at him and humiliated him so much that he would usually snap at them but he controlled himself before the fairy. He feared he would ruin his only chance. To think that I thought of these creatures sacred.
"I can take you to the fairy king but only if you promise to never show or tell anyone about our dwellings." Sixious bribed. "If you ever mouth away our hidden village then you will be cursed for always, till the day, you die."
Eckxio stood tall and pounded his chest plate. "I will sign with my blood if I have to. I have come this far and I vow not to mouth away your secrets or ever show another soul the rare sights of your dwelling."
"I trust Elves more than humans," Sixious said, "very well then. Follow me." He flew east of Eckxio. On the wall of the circular chamber, the fairy spun in a circle. As it spun, a pentacle with elfin codex glowed on the wall. Then, shining lines illustrated an arched door on the wall and opened a passageway. 
"Only fairy magic can open the hidden way," Sixious said. 
"You fairies use the same alphabet as the Elves?" Eckxio asked is a daze. 
"Oh no, no. We use the alphabet of the dragons." Sixious corrected. After the glowing lines formed the arch door completely the Quariath fairy flew in. Eckxio followed behind her and once he took a few steps in, the arch door closed immediately. This entrance was carefully thought-out, I would have never been able to find it, Eckxio thought. Inside the passageway, the walls were craggy and the ground of dirt. It was narrow much like the tunnel. Barely enough space to swing a sword. It was a short walked and once he reached the village of the fairies his jaw dropped and his eyes swelled at the beauty. It was like nothing he had ever seen before. Not even Evee Iris was this colorful. 
There were thousands of fairies flying in different colors. Lavender, orange, yellow, red, blue, turquoise, pink, white and green. They flew from inside golden pillars that touched the ceiling. Each pillar was studded with jewels and magic gemstones. Colorful flowers grew on the ground. Bizarre flowers with zigzagging shapes. Flowers shaped like stars and flowers with dancing tentacles releasing a sweet aroma in the air. Beyond the golden pillars was a pool. In the center of the pool was a statue of a blue dragon pouring water from its mouth. The air was fresh in this village and Eckxio felt invigorated. Sixious was orbiting the golden pillars and swirling around the flowers. He approached Eckxio with three other fairies. A blue male, a green female and the third was a yellow female fairy. 
"Welcome to the village of the Quariath fairies. We call it, Vivinova. These are elders of the village."
Eckxio gave a short bow in respect for the fairies. The elders were an inch bigger than Sixious. "It is a pleasure to finally see this legendary place."
"Legendary you say," the yellow fairy said. 
"Outsiders have made many tales and myths about us Quariath fairies elder Kuah." Sixious told the yellow fairy. 
"Ah yes. So I have heard. We are a myth to the world yet it was our wish to be so," the yellow fairy said. She hovered over to Eckxio and orbited around his head. She flicked one of his ears and he flinched. Eckxio took a close look at her. She was wearing a yellow top with flower petals forming a dress. As she hovered around Eckxio he caught some of her golden dust with his left hand. He rubbed the dust with his fingers and sprinkled it on the ground. Once the dust touched the ground, grass quickly grew just beneath his boots and he lightly gasped. 
"At least it was an Elf that had found our dwelling," said the yellow fairy. Her voice was very mature. "Sixious why did you allow this Elf inside our dwelling?"
"He carried a paploo fairy with him, elder Kuah," Sixious explained as he hovered behind the yellow fairy. Kuah seemed to be the leader. Her hair was blonde, braided into one long ponytail. Eckxio was expecting the fairies to be angry seeing him in their dwelling. They did not seem very bothered by his presence. "This brave Elf had defeated the golem I had summoned and survived the tunnels..."
"Survived the tunnels?" Kuah interfered. 
"Yes elder Kuah. He somehow survived the dark tunnels. No one has ever done that before. I promised him that I will heal his fairy." Sixious flew and stood on Eckxio's shoulder, demonstrating his support for the Elf. 
"Thanks." Eckxio whispered. 
"As expected of an Elf. Your magic must be extraordinary to have defeated the golem." Kuah complemented. She held a white flower and wielded it as if it were a staff. 
"Unfortunately I am unable to cast magic." Eckxio replied and heard their small gasp of surprise. 
"A non magic Elf. Why, I thought otherwise." Said the blue elder fairy. 
"A gift or a curse, dear boy?" Asked the green fairy. 
"I was born this way," Eckxio answered. The yellow fairy stared at him and stroked her white flower. 
"No magic you say. Then how did you survive the dark tunnels of this mountain?" Kuah asked 
"With this sword." Eckxio drew the Tharos sword. The rich colors of the pillars reflected on the sword and the three fairies gazed at it in awe. Kuah touched the steel and smiled at Eckxio. When the sword glowed its white light, the fairies gasped and enlarge their big green eyes and danced around the blade as if performing a ritual. Wonderful creatures they were. Eckxio started to like them. He had never seen any other type of fairy except for paploos. 
"This sword was forged by Dwarves in the northern country." Eckxio explained. "It is made from zeustoss steel. A rare divine mineral. It contains holy maju. The sword helped me see through the darkness of the tunnels and vanish it."
"Zeustoss steel. The divine steel of the holy dragon god." Kuah spoke with amazement. "Where did you find such rare steel?" 
"The Dwarves gave it to me so I am not sure where the steel originated. It is truly a blessing to carry it where ever I go."
The three fairies gathered away from Eckxio and he heard them whispering privately. Sixious stood on Eckxio's shoulder. "What is going on?" The Elf asked. He was eager to walk amongst the golden pillars but most importantly he waited for them to help Nana. 
"Don't worry.  They are just deciding on what to do next," Sixious said. 
After the three fairies, finished their private conference they flew to Eckxio. "It seems that fate has brought you to our dwellings young Elf. Come with us and we will heal your friend as well." 
Eckxio smiled and took Nana from inside his silver armor. The green and blue fairy lifted Nana and carried her towards the golden village. Sixious beckoned Eckxio and the Elf followed and stepped slowly into the home of the Quariath fairies. He walked between pillars that were as thick as an oak tree. The fairies made their houses inside the pillars of up to ten levels. From each level of the pillars, a fairy flew out. Some of them were too afraid of the Elf. They were all about five inches tall and the younger ones, three to four inches. Some flew towards him and poked him and flicked his Elf ears playfully. They were joyful creatures. Many gathered around him as he walked. Sixious stood on Eckxio's head and introduced him as a friend of the Quariath fairies. The first person to ever had step foot in their hidden home. Sixious explained to a large group of fairies about their visitor to prevent them from giving him any trouble. Eckxio showed them his Tharos sword and they gathered around it like moths to a flame. The Quariath fairies love things that glow. They lived in the light with gold and jewelry. Creatures who loved the fine things in life. They lived uncharted away from the world. It reminded Eckxio of his people. The Elves also lived away from the world but in the forest. 
As he waited for the Elves to heal Nana, he lied on a field of yellow grass and flowers. Sunlight beamed from holes in the high ceiling. Fairies danced around him, playing in the grass next to him. They were one inch bigger than Nana, he could cradle one fairy in the palm of his hand. Eckxio found himself in peace in the home of the fairies. The same peace he once felt when Kefka was still with him. 
"Eckxio!" Sixious called to him. He rose from the grass and found Sixious hovering above him. 
"What is it?" He asked the fairy. 
"Nana is all healed. She is waiting for you."
Eckxio smiled and with vigor, he raced to the pillars of the village from the field of grass. Star shape flowers brushed him as he ran. "She is by the blue pool," Sixious indicated. The Elf turned right at a pillar and ran a long mile till he reached the blue pool. A blue dragon statue poured water in the pool from its mouth and Nana stood on it. She was glowing blue of water maju and her four wings looked like fish fins. 
"Nana!" Eckxio yelled. The little paploo fairy spun around and squeaked in bliss. She jetted towards her master and pressed her body on his left cheek and rubbed her fur on his face. 
"Oh, Nana I was so worried. Losing you would be like losing a limb," he said with moist eyes and kissed her belly buttons. For a while, they played in the grass together with the fairies of the village. Eckxio drank the sweet and sour juice that the star shape flowers produced. His wounds healed and regained his energy. The fairies gave him more fire maju for his gorgon eye. Eckxio collected gold to trade for his travels. The elder fairies allowed him to stay for a day to eat from their fruits, play and rest. It was an Elysium and so serene that Eckxio almost forgot what he had journeyed for. He had not spoken to the elder fairies about it. He wondered about the fairy king and if the entity could really help him awake his magic. At this point of my journey, I don't see why it is not a possibility. For so many years I thought the Quariath fairies were a myth until I decided to search for them. The fairy king will surely have the ability to help me awake my magical abilities. The question is, what will I have to give in return? 
Eckxio slept on the field of grass. He closed his eyes while gazing at the two moons through the holes in the high ceiling. Then, he opened his eyes to the rays of the sun. He felt vigorous waking up to the maju of the Quariath fairies. He washed his face on the blue pool while Nana bathed in it. 
"This place is beautiful. I can stay here for days." 
Nana agreed with a squeak.
 "We welcome you to stay longer," a voice came from his left. Eckxio jerked his neck over his shoulder and saw the yellow fairy again. Kuah was her name. "I have told the fairy king about you. He is expecting you," said the yellow fairy. 
"So Sixious has already told you," Eckxio assumed. 
"Yes, but first I want you to tell me more about the zeustoss steel." 
Eckxio sat by the bank of the pool, waving his hand over the water, looking at his reflection. "What do you want to know?" He asked. Kuah descended upon his bent knee. 
"Some of our fairies have lived for thousands of years. Since the time of Prodigus Kollos and the early wars of mankind. We decided to live away from the world in the Quariras Mountains. Before we hid in these mountains after the legendary magus Prodigus Kollos disappeared from the world, we once lived in a city with great walls protected by zeustoss steel. The mineral was so rare and had been discovered so long ago. My ancestors, who lived in the time of early human evolution, had forgotten where the steel came from. We have lost knowledge and the location of the steel. The fairy king kept the last few sharps of steel that our ancestors left behind."
"You have been living for thousands of years." Eckxio interrupted. "Not even Elves live for that long.
"There is a reason for that my dear Elf. Furthermore, we ask that if you know of the whereabouts of the white steel, please tell us. The steel is essential to rebuild our original home in western lands." 
Eckxio mused about what Kuah said. "I am sorry," he said, "I do not know where to find this steel. It was given to me by the Dwarves of the northern country. They are the only ones that know and many of them had died last time I visited them with an old friend."
"I see," Kuah replied and frowned. She stared at the ground in disappointment. It pained Eckxio to see the fairy in such gloom.
"That is really all I know," he said scratching his head, unable to meet eyes with the fairy. 
"Worry not dear Elf. You have given me enough information. Now Sixious told me that he made an oath to take you to the fairy king. Come with me, dear Elf. Follow me to the sanctum of the fairy king." Kuah circled Eckxio wrapping him in a yellow ring. She flew west from the blue pool leaving a trail of yellow dust for Eckxio to follow. He ran after her through another field of yellow grass then found stairs. He scurried up the stairs for so long that he began to sweat. 
At the end of the stairs, he reached a walkway with a dead end. Kuah flew rapidly creating a circle over the wall and a pentacle with the Elf alphabet glowed. "We are almost there," she said. Glowing lines illustrated a door on the stone wall. Light blinded Eckxio and once the glare disappeared he saw an exit for the outside. Eckxio walked through the exit and felt the wind rushing around his body. He gazed at the horizon and saw the castle of Verday hundreds of leagues away. 
"It's good to feel the wind again." 
He had strands of black hair over his forehead. He loosened his ponytail and fixed his hair. For a moment, he felt the scar that ran from his upper right forehead over his nose and down to his left cheek. That scar was a reminder of his search for power when he read about the gorgon snake. He decided to find one and kill it to take its eye and so he did. He received that scar by the gorgon's sharp nails. Once I am done here, I will continue my item hunts. Maybe I will work for the queen temporarily.
"Are you still there?" Kuah asked. 
"Oh yes. Of course."
"You seemed to be in deep thought. Shall we continue?" Kuah asked. 
"Of course. I was just romanticizing the view," he answered. 
Up a rocky path, they traveled for a mile and arrived at a Stonehenge on a great plateau. Megaliths created a great circle. Kuah and Eckxio entered the Stonehenge. Steep slopes surrounded the plateau and those slopes then rose into high walls that hid the Stonehenge of the fairy king. Inside the megaliths was a pedestal covered in vines with shards of zeustoss on it, neatly arranged in a tepee shape.  
"This is the dwelling of the fairy king." Kuah stated and flew towards the pedestal. 
"Where is he?" Eckxio asked as he gazed at the amazing sculpted megaliths. 
"Patients dear Elf. You will see him soon." Kuah hovered over the tepee of zeustoss shards. "Come forward Eckxio and hold your sword over the shards." 
Eckxio did as he was told. He drew his sword and walked up to the pedestal. "Raise your sword up high." Kuah told him. Eckxio lifted his sword over his head. The sword glowed a heavenly light. It glowed even brighter with sunlight. The shards of zeustoss began to glow, as well. Kuah swirled away from the shards and watched Eckxio from a distance. 
"Kuah, what is happening?" He asked, not sure if he was worthy of seeing such a sacred entity as the fairy king, but he did not allow his insecurities to stop him. He traveled too far and dreamt for too long. This is for the both of us?Kefka.
"You are opening the portal to the realm of the fairy king." Kuah answered. "Hold the light. Don't let it go. Unleash the divine magic Eckxio and the fairy king will reveal himself."
Eckxio closed his eyes and prayed. He chanted words that his lover once taught him. Light of my soul and soul that divides. Light of the mystic and oh light from beyond. Clear the fog and brighten my path. Come light from omni realms thee hath touched. Let me hear the hymn the dragons sang.
A column of white light beamed from the zeustoss shards. It rose to the sky and with a blinding flash Eckxio was no longer in Odealeous. He opened his eyes and surveyed the Stonehenge. Beyond the megaliths, there was nothing but emptiness. No mountains or sky above. It was an empty world in white. He looked back at the path from where he had come from and it was gone. Only the Stonehenge remained and the rest of the world seemed to have disappeared after the great beam of light. 
"Kuah where are we? What happened to everything and?" Eckxio was in a daze. His mind became as white as the realm he found himself in. 
"You are in the realm of the fairy king." Kuah answered. She showed no expression towards what happened. Eckxio then spun and looked back at the pedestal where the shards of zeustoss lied. Above the shards floated someone. Legs crossed, four silky wings on his back, a long white beard, ears longer than Elves and eyes large and blue. Eckxio gaped as he gazed at the entity. Kuah flew up towards the fairy. "Eckxio, I present to you, Elisol, the king of fairies." 
"Its?its?its such a pleasure to?meet you." Eckxio stuttered. 
"Ah, an Elf this time," said the fairy king stroking his white beard. "Last time an Elf came to visit me, he was much taller. It is a mystery how time evolves Elves from humans." He spoke cheerfully with the voice of an elderly man. "And I see you carry zeustoss. You must have strong faith to be able to wield such steel."
"Eckxio, please tell the fairy king the purpose for your visit." Kuah prompted. The yellow fairy flew over to Eckxio's right shoulder and whispered into his ear. "Make sure to be lucid with your reason."
Eckxio took a shy step forward. He felt guilty standing before such a pure creature of light. He felt the divine maju vibrating through him just looking at the fairy king. The fairy wore a white robe with long sleeves that he hid his hands in. His clothes were embroidered with golden swirling floral patterns. On his tan forehead, he had a tattoo of an upwards arrow. Two golden bangles floated on his head like halos, one inside the other, spinning ever so slowly. Four silky clear wings on his back, releasing diamond dust every time they fluttered. 
"Fairy king. My name is Eckxio. I am an exiled Elf from the village of Evee Iris in the Spirituah forest. I set on a quest to find you in the hopes of receiving your blessings. Since childhood, I lacked the ability to cast magic. I fear that I am the only Elf to have been born with such an omen. Fairy king, I ask that you awaken my ability to cast magic like my brothers and sisters. Like all magical Elves have done for thousands of years. Please fairy king. Grant me this one wish."
For a moment, there was silence. The fairy king stroked his beard as he mulled. Then he began to giggle. Not a mocking giggle but as if he laughed at himself, as if he had an epiphany. "You must be the bravest Elf to have ever entered my domain. However, you seem to be having much anguish. I believe your family and peers have installed that into you. Elves have changed in the last few millenniums." 
"So will you be able to help me?" Eckxio asked eagerly and childishly.
"Will you allow me to first look into your soul, dear Elf?"
"Of course," Eckxio replied. 
From the palm of his hands, the fairy king released a sphere of light. It was like a miniature sun. It floated towards Eckxio and the Elf grasped it. The moment he touched the sphere, his entire body began to glow in white like a lantern of divine flames. Within a few seconds, the lights faded. Eckxio examined his hands thinking something in him had changed. He looked up at the fairy king and saw him stroking his beard. 
"Interesting. No magic you say. I would like to inform you that absolutely every single living thing in Odealeous is able to cast magic." Said the fairy king. "From the smallest of insects to the largest of creatures. This belief that you are unable to cast magic is false. Tell me dear Elf. What is preventing your abundance of magic?"
Eckxio sighed and stared at the ground. "Ever since I was a child I always struggled to cast magic. I can never focus and I find it difficult to make a deep connection with the elements of nature. It has always been this way. I accepted myself as a non magic Elf and decided to discipline myself with the art of the sword."
"Yes, according to my reading you seem to have an affinity for magical items. Like that magic sword, you wield and that gorgon eye." The fairy king reads Eckxio. The Elf was puzzled by how the fairy king was able to know such things. He dare not question it further for he understood that the fairy could see and comprehend what others could not. 
"It seems to me that you have allowed others to block your potential." The fairy king said. 
"What do you mean?" Eckxio asked innocently. The fairy king laughed gracefully. 
"Worry not brave Elf. Stand still and allow me to transmit my energy on to you."
Eckxio grounded himself and stood still. "Close your eyes and clear your mind." The fairy told him. 
A sphere swirling with multi colors swelled on the palms of his hands. It was like a rainbow formed into a ball. The sphere floated towards Eckxio and as soon as it touched him, the Elf surged with energy. He opened his eyes and saw the world in multi colors as if a painter had splashed all of his acrylics on a canvas. He felt something stirring inside. Like a boomerang ricocheting in his body. He grew with strength and his cluttered mind began to clear. 
"What is happening to me?" The Elf asked in ecstasy. He breathed heavily with excitement. 
"What is it like to feel your own maju for the first time?" The fairy king asked.
"This energy, I have never felt anything like it." Eckxio said. His vision became clearer. The multi colors began to settle and he slowly controlled the new energy that seethed within. He felt as though he was in a new body. Like his old self had died and a new Elf had awakened within him. 
"This is your own maju from your very spirit." The fairy king preached. "You must learn how to use it. Learn how to control it and use it for good. You must find your own style of magic as other mages have done for thousands of years."
"Learn?" Eckxio asked with a sudden confusion. It is not what he had expected. "What do you mean I must learn to use it? I thought I would just be able to cast spells."
"I am afraid that is not how it works," the fairy king responded. "You are a special Elf, Eckxio. Don't allow anyone to put you in doubt anymore. You have the ability to learn magic like all other beings in this world. The people of Evee Iris installed the belief that you were ungifted. There is no such thing. Every creature in Odealeous is gifted in one way or another. Perhaps you learn slower than your fellow Elves, however, the simple belief that you are unable to cast magic was your obstacle."
"Fairy king I don't fully understand. Are you saying that it is my fault why I was unable to learn magic?" Eckxio felt as though something had eluded him for so many years. As if he had the answer in his hands the whole time but had dropped it somewhere on the road. 
"That would be a cold way of saying it, but yes," the fairy king said. "It was installed onto you, however, you are still responsible for your own skills and ability. Only you can sculpt your own powers. I can only enhance your mind and you maju. Let this be a milestone to always remember. Elves had evolved from humans thousands of years ago before the time of Prodigus Kollos. They weren't always magical creatures, but they learned to be. It wasn't until after Prodigus disappeared from the world that the Elves began to differentiate the magical and nonmagical Elves. The Elves of this era are born with magical abilities and once in a century there is one who lacks the so called 'gift.' This is not the first time I have seen this happening. The Elves of today believe that one must be born magical to be a mage. Those who are not born with the 'gift' are forever doomed."
"I understand now," Eckxio whispered. "It is all clear to me now. It is our beliefs that help us cast magic."
"A belief is everything in this world." The fairy king said. "Believes are what drive us and form societies and religions. Beliefs are the reason why there is war in the world. A belief can be good or bad, pure or unclean. Magic is formed by your belief. The mind is what channels the maju in your body and helps it take its physical form. A doubt prevents us from seeing real potential but beliefs eradicate the illusions and helps us achieve our goal. If you can make someone doubt their own ability, you can take away their magic powers."
Eckxio felt invigorated. He began to believe in his own magical abilities. He imagined himself casting magic like the other Elves. Then he realized the very person who formed the negative believe of being ungifted. He remembered his younger brother Lannie. Eckxio was ten years old. The age when all the young Elves in the village learned their first spell. Eckxio was one of the few Elves who struggled to cast his first spell. In a few weeks, all the other Elves had learned their first spell but Eckxio still struggled. His brother Lannie began to bully him with the other Elves. Eckxio was humiliated so much that his insecurity grew. He was sensitive and indecisive. He took so long to learn one spell that everyone in the village began to believe that he was a grey blood. Thus, Eckxio was stripped of his abilities. 
"Thank you so much fairy king. You have helped me regain myself. Words are not enough to express how thankful I am. Is there any way that I can demonstrate my gratitude?"
"I exist to awaken those who are still asleep. I only ask that you pass on my knowledge. By simply passing on my knowledge, you are helping create a better world." With those last words, the fairy king vanished with a glare of white light. Eckxio shielded his eyes with his hands and when he opened them he found himself back in the Quariras Mountains. There was no more emptiness. Rocky slopes surrounded him and above, the sun shined over moving clouds. 
"Where did he go?" He asked searching the sky for the fairy king. 
"He is gone." Kuah said. Eckxio had forgotten she was there. She had been silent the entire time. 
"Will I see him again?"
"Perhaps, but for now we must go." Kuah answered. 
"Everything will be different now," the elf said. He raised his sword heroically towards the sun. "No more sorrow and living in fear. From now on I will travel with fire and light illuminating my path." He then gazed at Kuah dreamingly. "And thank you so much yellow fairy for letting me into your dwellings and allowing me to see the fairy king."
"There was a time when Elves and fairies lived together in the forest. I hope one day those days will return. Spend one last day with the Quariath fairies dear Elf." 
Eckxio stayed another day and night with the Quariath fairies. The next day he embarked on another journey and decided not to return to his home, Evee Iris. He wanted to continue traveling the world and one day journey overseas and see more rare sights. With the blessing that the fairy king gave him he soon discovered his unique ability to channel the maju in other people and objects. With Nana on his side and the gorgon eye, he had an endless supply of maju. As he drifted throughout the country, he defeated many swordsmen and when rumors spread about his unique magical abilities, the queen of Verday wanted to recruit him for her army. 
A note from A.J. Martinez
Thank you so much for reading my short story. I had fun writing The Ungifted Elf. There is a lot of me and my childhood in Eckxio. I hope you as a reader got the message of the story. It is a lesson I learned in life after graduating high school and being depress for many years. 
The Ungifted Elf is a story that takes place in the country of Verday in the world of Odealeous. I love world building. I love Elves. I always try to add real life elements to my story which is why I decided to make Elves evolve from humans as a historical fact of the world of Odealeous. 
Sign up for my mailing list for books releases, free stuff and much more. 
http://ajmartinezauthor.com/mailing-list/
If you like this book please post a REVIEW where ever you bought it from and help other readers find it

Novels and short stories by A.J. Martinez
Scarlet Quest
The Ungifted Elf
Rift Of Chaos (coming late 2015)


