 
Praying for Chaos
Jinn demolish a state and a woman laughs a lot

Ili Piskale



Praying for Chaos
Published by Ili Piskale
Copyright © 2015, Ili Piskale
All rights reserved

Demolish a beautiful thing; I demolished a beautiful thing…

Freedom, what you say, was a gossip of large plains. You hadn’t existed yet, but I was there. Clouds were traces of huge leaves that had been engraved with swearwords. Winds were coughs of mountains.
Chaos had grinned for the first time. When I was watching this at the flaming mouth of a dragon, you were nothing. It was the first time when I turned my eyes away from the bloody sun that was eating itself.
That day… Ones mentioned me that you would exist soon while I was cutting grass into pieces one by one with my forked tongue. And at a morning when I sniffed everything around, you showed your face to me. With my demonic eyes hiding behind the thin curtains I hinted your freedom to you at once. You believed that you would be free with no regret even though your fingers twiddled in front of me. On the spot you decided to do something. And then…
You know me very well because you killed me tons of times. By the teeth hanging down from my jaw, you know, I always caught your mice. Thanks to me, you could enlarge that your own greedy field and stuffed yourself with your own ominous crops. Tracing my body folds, you could draw your bright-yellow culture, however, you killed me again. With the sharp stones that you could barely grab by your bloody hands, you stamped me over and over. You did so because you were scared of my venom. Not of death, but you were only scared of being murdered by a snake.
Yes, a snake or with the given name: Ilir... I’m Ilir. It was a gift to you that my venom.
She, the goddess of moon Ariana, stands in the middle of moon, and a giant mirror in her hands, she copes with the sun’s rings. And now catching my tails she gags me with it, in this bad condition she flings me back to your home.
Now I’m carrying the sun on my scales and falling down on a sharp rock that grins as if it’ll rip my body in two soon.
I’m Ilir. I have something to say to you today, on this big day. If I would get free from the damned gap of the two rocks… Here goes! I could bedaub my millennial body with the soil as ever. Without refracting light, without shaking and without distorting even my own image, my eager glances glide away. Can I see like you do? With my sexual organs that are protruded like feet, yes I can! What else would prompt me in this heat and this desperation after all? Love…
I’m gliding despite all my weakness. My skin becomes a dull, I must shed my skin, and nevertheless I’m going on. Because of love... I didn’t learn it from a human.
I want to get warmer. A living creature can neither be forced by kings nor by jinn! Purely and simply I get strength from my desire, and I measure out my length so as to affect someone with my captivating body and to have love with no secret.
It is the Illyrian land. It doesn’t make dreams come true, but it embraces you. This place wastes your life, you know. Now I lean my jaw against Illyria and wait so.
But there is something up here again! I have eye pain, some trees swinging, I have no ears but with my jaw I can perceive your damned cavortings. What do you want, and now what do you fret over? I’m short-sighted! You are blurry, hot-blooded, orange and blue! Do you run towards me? Are you going to kill me?
However, I’m really reckless this time and I must shed my skin right away. What’s more I’m so horny that a human cannot frighten me that much. I’m in love and I’m coming towards you. I remember very well today is the Snake day, I go faster. You were nothing and God created me on this day. I’m sliding along, today is Tuesday. As I approach you are falling apart to pieces.
Why are you dancing? At top of that, you have covered your face with hand-knitted and colorful clothes. And now you are numerous. All around you are high feathers and big bronze bells tied your waist. Moreover animal masks, sticks, Bulgarian kukeries… Which god do you satisfy in this Bulgarian mode?
What’s going on? You stopped all together! You don’t glance each other’s face! What’s going into the sky? What are you curious about again?
It really doesn’t matter to me, I’m gliding away, keeping going on, at sharp gravels scratching myself. Laying around with my tongue and snuffing all of your burning smells. The soupy smell of your Turks, the smell of your Serbs’ necks getting dirty with jerky, of your Macedonians eating meatballs like a pig, and of your sweaty Bosniaks…
I’m in a Bosniak village where people buried the dead in their own yards. I’m wrapped myself around a tombstone, become cooler in the shade of it. All I can see are sandals of children running about, and their very red bloods.
The vibration that knocks the tombstone shakes my all jaw. A herd of dust-colored buffalo must be passing through the middle of the village. Maybe three or four miles that ridicule with my appetite are undermining my ground. The noise converges on a spot, someone from the sky hits the ground by his rod.
Today is the Snake Day, for this reason, God would damn all of my life if I fear now. I’m creeping. What if there is anyone would cook me on his rod and is as tasteless as can eat me? What else can they make from my skin? I don’t care, I’m still creeping with all my worries.
Here you are, you’re a woman just now and so blinded by anger, waving an odd flag in your hand. And now, you became an old man. Your leg that is out in the cold deserves of getting bit, but I pass by.
And my head is knocked by a stone that came from beyond the people who have admiration for me. One more stone gets my body bleed…
I’m suffering as if losing all my abilities that I’ve learned for long time. Neither I can escape from that point nor bite anyone. Until that man shows his face, the man who crowds into by his invisible force and who relieves my wound with only one touch. The man with his white beard and white hair, plain-clothed, has a pair of big eyes and long face…
You are not that man. He is named Bogomil. The man who can soften his demonic face by his own eyes. The man is loved by God. “Don’t do that to him,” Bogomil is roaring in an insane voice, drawing a big circle on the ground by his bare foot. Lifting his one hand as if darkening the clouds, and yelling once again in his chaotic voices:
“Do not accuse that snake anymore! Do not do it! Maybe he is demonic, maybe he is full of himself, but which one of us differs from him in this respect? Even God has selfishness, my friends. What did an old Serbian man say: God created the beard first for himself!”
You laugh at it with your big ears that aren’t satisfied with even your own noise. Bogomil also laughs with his greedy voice, saving his long beard from his elbow, and acting as a wolf that takes a fake pity on its hunt, Bogomil bends over to me. Waiting till an outburst of courage out of my eyes, he is being patient as if taking me out from the rotten smell of death.
You know, at time of death a man wakes for the last time as if playing tricks on people, giving them a look like saying “I’m healed!”; the look that traps people around him… And now, do I also face with the same situation? I get up an appetite and want the eyes of Bogomil, the eyes that can read everything. I’m jealous of his soundness dancing with the wind.
Now my scales record the sun once again. I straight myself up, stir my jointed head and stretch my neck in the sneakiest mood once again. When he squints his eyes that can blend everything goings-on with mirth, I open my mouth as if swallowing a giant eagle and I grab his white head!
You speared up from everywhere, you’re scared and stir-crazy! So as to save Bogomil you throw me stones and axes, whatever in your hands. However, Bogomil doesn’t give me his blessed head, and withstands me although his blood flows from his white hair that is raddled with my teeth. He becomes a human as if betraying of his divine folds, even in this bad case, he tries to stand in your way with his opened arms to prevent you from killing me.
After the dust had settled, he spreads his arms wide, suddenly he becomes an animal in my locked mouth, and by a kind of tip that is maybe stolen from a jinni, Bogomil slips away from my mouth like a bug, he saves his head in the end.
My tail switches. Bogomil’s beard does not move. His face changed a lot, it is added to the thick lines of a wise man, who can forgive all the enemies forever. What about his eyes? The eyes, that can raise someone from the dead, take the form of the revenge of a tribe.
I looked at the sky for a little or I couldn’t do it, Bogomil opened his mouth in a narrow distance and swallowed me with single action!
There is no spark, but a silly and limitless darkness. Did I die this once? Bogomil’s voice echoes intimately. He is roaring something resolutely that I’ve never been heard for thousands of years, and he is shouting out with words that I will never understand at all even I would live hundreds of years long.
Yes, I hear like you do! Although I can’t understand what he says, I hear as if knowing everything. To die must be exactly like this. I wonder if I’m still in love. Do you think so?
“God coalesced with Satan! God created our souls, and Satan created our world. You Croatian girl, the little girl standing ahead… Your beauty is Satan’s gift to you, and your ideas of freedom are derived from God. This is the only feeling that drives a human crazy and keeps us alive. So we must ask, my friends: Between God and Satan, but where do we have to be exactly?
“Is there any answer to it? Alas, I have no even a book to give you. Only my heart… I can’t stop talking of my heart. It says: God is the order. It also says: Satan is chaos. And my heart says again: Both are needed. I must have a balance between those two things in order to realize the truth! Which truth, my friends? The truth which is a thousand-headed, the truth which is going to take us to freedom! I must have a balance between the order and the chaos in order to write the book of this universe!”
Does a dead feel so beautiful like this? Even though I don’t understand what he said, I know every and every thing, and shake with the happiness of it. The gravity, that drags me from branches to bottoms of cliffs as if making me blind, is gone now. I glide away wherever I want to go.
And now I look at the world from inside of Bogomil by using his big eyes. Not only I can see old Albanians in the front row, but also I can see your smirks beyond the mountains. I can see the Turks lined up with both women and men and who are stabbing theirs javelins to the clouds as if blessing Bogomil. I can see the Greeks who set the grand fortress fire, the fortress blinks at the village. I can see the Armenians who write everything said and happened, and think about the meaning of the words carefully.
I can separate your all faces piece by piece, the faces that flow down from your hair. And now, you set a giant the church on fire, the church raising beyond the village.
“This impossible balance in my heart,” says Bogomil, from his opening arms he runs a waterfall for you:
“You all have the balance that my heart needs. You peasants, you loafers, deniers of working and who don’t know anything but only working. Regardless of who is a tyrant, even if this tyrant was a god, you rebel against him… Your hearts tell you: Burn it! Demolish all states under the sun! Those plains won’t be able to hold any church once again! Burn the crosses and the barracks! Burn Byzantium, Roma and all of the princedoms!
“Do what God asks us to do and what wants for us! Don’t worship anyone except God. You women do revolt, don’t worship your beloveds! You children do revolt, don’t follow your elders! You snakes and eagles, band together! Whether everyone hears about that almighty word or not, living or dead, let everyone crowds into the hottest circle of God! From here to China, from this way to Andalusia, free everyone! Let’s plant the verbs of freedom in this world, where is disoriented between the order and the chaos!”
Bogomil says no more and seals his dried mouth. Each fold at his glance makes you crazy. You run and learn walking and also attack armies of empires, tear up the betrayer hedges that split fields, and you pray to whoever you believe. You’re being nourished with new desires that cannot be restrained by any army.
Bogomil smiles at what happened and puts me into him, despite my all egoism, he doesn’t throw my skin up. He climbs a hill that became rare with low trees. Without leaving that young companion’s breath, who is an Armenian man and a Paulician and Bogomil’s shadow, and without ripping the storm from his back, Bogomil determines a direction and goes on.
You know all of those, of course! I injected you with the poison coming from a geography that removes the borders which once divided the culture and the nature. The poison that comes from a history which mingled the human and the animal each other. The poison that comes from a philosophy which affianced the chaos and the order.
The poison sliding down from my sneaky tongue to you, though you’re so scared, it’ll mix with your blood. Of course your heart, even though its veins are blocked, are going to make new ways for itself one day, and are going to circulate this poison in your coward body.
However, you still keep talking! You don’t shut up! You show your face as a Turk of Oghuz this time on the path of Bogomil. With your voice that hurts all ears, “What you tell of…” you say, “Those have already existed in Islam. Your heart gives them good tidings of Jihad, even so you didn’t hear about it.”
Bogomil just listens to you in spite of the strong wind combing his brows. Even you try to Islamize him, just by one smiling he melts your all good and bad intentions, and puts his right hand on your shoulder with gazelle leather, and doesn’t look at your strong body and your shaved head covered with a scarf. He follows your relentlessly talking jaws, but you cannot stop yourself:
“Come with me! Let’s establish new world together, the world that you desire. Let’s become stronger with Muslims and let’s found the heaven of Allah!”
Suddenly Bogomil’s laughy face falls, “From now it doesn’t matter anymore,” he says in a whisper that can be heard by a snake like me, “No matter what we put faith in, my friend. Everything is melding. And it is going to meld further.”
“Power,” he yells to your shaven face at this time, “There is a Bosniak word, my friend: Where force rules, justice does not exist. Do you understand what I mean?”
By using the combatant intelligence you understand everything, of course! However, you think about your last move that you will make it by your both diplomatic and divine instincts. Bogomil stretches his eyelids as if blowing up his eyes, and even as you were about to say “But,” he opens his big eyes and yells:
“Look at me and listen well. Take along this Armenian. He is a Paulician. Count on his veracity. Together with him go back your home, your land. There will be extreme hazard! See everything with your own eyes. But mind! Do not give way to despair! Because everything will start again! There will be setting up new orders, but it’ll be very more complex! Come on, be fast! I feel the laugh of Chaos in my bones!”


One is one…

Who cares if anyone desires that bright-yellow force restraining itself by its sneaking… For the old times’ sake, forget it and let’s fret about that:
If the Earthquake won’t tear up our fabric doors which we leave open by the virtue of our odd alienated moods;
And if it won’t punch our flags which hunt the wind at our roofs;
And if it won’t crunch our bones one by one in our graves that we’ve beautified ourselves for whole life;
And if it won’t happen as major as expected and if it will be as weak as killing only few wretch people who deserved it or not;
I mean, if the Earthquake will not destroy the friendship between my mirror and me in my room that is painted by eyelash;
So, why does the Earthquake become a byword?

Maybe you know there is an Albanian legend named Constantin’s Oath. A man named Constantin was such faithful to his words that even after his death he got up from the grave and kept his words.
This is my only humanistic virtue that I have gained for thousands years, Besa or keeping my words. Thus I became a favorite of all governments. Because I have been just telling them all what I have been seeing and I have been able to keep secrets forever. Police and intelligence officers still use me as a symbol of their powers.
I’m strong and I always fetch things what they ask from me. Usually I’m the double-headed. I’m the witness of the sky and earth. Due to I can climb the highest, I live at the top of the life tree.
As I’m the strong watcher of the power elites and gods, Turks named me ‘Oksoko.” They embroidered me on their hilts, flags and the emblems of the state organizations. In the eyes of Turks I’m still a state-bird. However I have eye on Albanians. After all, I’m still waving on their flag.
My intimacy with Albanian goes back a long way. One of days which I can’t remember because I’m not as clever as crows, in a midday kind of causing sore throat, I had caught a little snake and taken it to my nest. To my surprise, during that time a young man had climbed the mountain to hunt, and had watched me from afar. When I went far away, he stole my son. Then I took after and grabbed him under a tree. I asked him to give my son back.
He said: “The snake you left in the nest to feed your son, it was almost eating your son. I killed the snake that you couldn’t kill and I saved your son. From now on he is mine.”
What was I supposed to do? Should I wreak his spite or reward him with my power? I thought and shouted:
“Free my son and I’ll give all my power to you.”
Did he accept it and I kept my word? Since that day, by virtue of the power that I bestowed upon him, everyone called him “Son of the eagle.” It means also “Albanian” in Albanian language. Then, the young man and his invincible people established Albania. Which animal doesn’t like to be respected that much?
Since that day mostly I have been flying on this land of Illyria and consecrated my second head that has never seen, at those mountains.
Well, why am I such screaming with the fresh air of Sharr Mountains that filled my throat caving? At the summit of the Little Turkish Hill about two thousand and seven hundred meters high, I open my wings and gossip for warming up, is that right?
Let me tell you something: If an eagle speaks, no matter what the cost, even if you are dying of thirst, you must listen to the eagle. Today, I am going to do something what I usually do not. I’ll tell you everything whatever I see one by one.
I won’t break my oath! Contrary, I’ll exactly do something what the big powers ask from me. The powers which you always intuit slightly, but actually you never exactly know them… Kindly reminding, an eagle never betrays its masters even if the eagle sits down to a meal of snake!
Today, that big day! However, there is a snake who stole me away by his movements, and increases my appetite with his folds. You know well who I mention: That symbol of freedom that makes human nibble at walls.
He curls with all of his brilliance! All around him is greenness and stillness, on a path he dances and doesn’t sense me. I can’t stand anymore, closing my awry beak I fix my big pupils to contact with the snake. I bend my round head and land on.
This place is Kosovo. Where tens of communities try to jump at the same time, but they muddle it… A beautiful spring day in Prizren, city of Kosovo… The city center is a bit far from here. You don’t have to hear only gunshots in Kosovo, here it is, the bird sounds!
And the same snake again! I approach and he knows it now. Without vibrating my bright yellow eyes and without winking my eyelids, I exactly look him in the eyes. The snake feels dizzy, gets confused and can’t take his eyes off. Even as he jumps, I stab my talon through the snake’s body. He can’t grab my feet that are covered with scales, no matter what he does, he can’t hold me. I lock my talons on him and put him on high.
But there is something up! A kind of thing causing from my little birdbrain despite my strongest eyesight. While I was engaging in my appetite, I couldn’t aware of an old jeep coming towards me. Scarcely I escape from the vehicle coming at full speed, and on a branch I get out of breath. Hell with the snake! Shit! Even if I pecked at all earth, I wouldn’t find him anymore. I’m very angry, although my heart is breathing like a haymaker, I lift off again and pursue the jeep.
It is stopped. A bald man, about his thirties, gets off the car. He is dressed in a kind of tartan pants and an orange Indian made T-shirt. He has a small shoulder bag and on his head a kind of black gypsy hat. Looking around he notices that I’m just about to fly angrily over his head. He turns to me and acts kind of which I always have given up.
Do not do it, don’t do, but he does! Both tough and mercifully, like a dad, like a state, he orders and loves. When he raised his right arm up and been a perch for me, I cooled down in a self-dedicated mood, I gently perched on his arm. Then he starts to feed me with nuts. No matter what he gives me anymore, this is good enough for one who is a half-wit like me, that giving a look of the state!
With interesting colors, weird smells and some exhausted glances he looks around. There is nothing around, but a café-restaurant-like place that’s signboard reads as Mesto. It means place in Yugoslavian. An old hunter’s song is being heard, “Lovac” playing.
There are four tables in the garden of the place. He sits down one table and salutes with “Zdravo!” But no one replies him. It looks like this man doesn’t know very well of Kosovo. “Zdravo!” is a salute word in Serbian. After the massacre, using this word may cause misunderstandings, but I thing actually this isn’t an outrage.
Because of my body, about seventy centimeter, he must be bored so he shakes arms. In order to gladden my new master, using my slave intelligence, I land on a sound surface at the piece of a wood that adhered to the climbers.
A Romani woman in her seventies sits at the table across us. She combs her hair that overflows out of her colorful babushka by her fingers full of rings. She casually looks at us and then turns to the young and rather dowdy Albanian woman sitting next to her.
The man, who came here with a huge eagle on his arm, may not be enough interesting, so she ignores us and scatters the beans, that she has been holding in her hands, on the table. Then she teaches a kind of bean fortune to the young woman in Albanian language.
How does she do it? She groups the beans in three roughly: “There will be seventy seven beans. You casually scatter beans into three groups according to how many people you have in your family. The right group for you, the left group for your husband, and the mid group for your baby, who will be born soon,” says the old Romani woman heatedly.
Across the table there is an old Serbian man with a short beard, and he snoozes regardless of the crow perching on the traditional Serbian hat he is wearing. I don’t know how to depict this hat, as if it is triangle or it is an ass of a man who has diarrhea and barely can bend down because of his arthrolith. It is that kind of hat.
There is a single-storey building in the garden. A Bosniak man who is around his fifties and is the owner of the place, now plays an old hunter song with his red accordion while sitting on a chair in front of the single-storey building. He realizes our arrival and stops the music, adjusts his apron and faces our man without giving out a sound. Our man puts his bag on a chair and turns man smilingly, in Bosnian or Serbian language, or I say it is in Yugoslavian for the best, he says:
“Do you still cook Bosnian meatballs?”
The place owner combs his long mustache downwards by his hand and stares at the man for a while he’s never seen before, and then with a grinning wolfishly, he answers our man:
“So, I am Bosniak. The Bosniaks cook meatballs till they die. I think you are not normal.”
How would our man know that the man is a Bosniak, and whether the Bosniak’s meatballs look like children who I had abducted in the middle of Africa with a single action, am I right?
Our man smiles innocently, maybe feeling something and being patient: “So, get me plenty of meatballs and I want plenty of salad. I am very hungry,” he says.
He doesn’t know even the illiberalness of salad in Balkans!
The Bosniak man attacks that ignorance in a high voice: “Plenty of salad! It’s even hard to find an onion in this land. Just some tomato and onion, but I have plenty of meatballs. There are so many animals here,” he says, looks around with satirically face, but anyhow he doesn’t stare at me, grins at his joke himself.
In this mood he walks slowly towards the single-storey building, enters the kitchen. Our man is yawning sincerely. The fortune teller woman, I mean the old Romani woman, continues telling the same thing in Albanian: “Note it. You must divide beans in three groups without counting them. And then pick the beans in groups of seven your side. Remember, as seven… What’s left behind, let’s see. We extracted seven each, a bean left at the woman side. There is one bean, so one means being on a road with no return. I mean, according to your fortune: You will enter a road, maybe you’ll decide on something or get in trouble…”
Every passing second the weather warms up in Prizren. There is no car passing or no human in front of the place. Scarcely I just sum up how many people there are in the place except us: An Albanian woman, an old fortune teller woman, an asleep old Serbian man, a Bosnian man who owns the place and a Turkish man too.
The Turkish man, who is born and bred in Kosovo, tries to repair his motorcycle with a screwdriver in his hand a little bit further from the tables. Our man forgets what made of the meatballs but he knows well of cooking meatballs takes some time, he stands up and intends to roam in the garden. He steps bit by bit.
I immediately change my place because of the fortune teller woman’s explosive voice:
“If beans are two, you will have both good and bad news. If they are three: The result of what you are waiting for will be good. If they are four: That is bad… Four is a bad number. Four is the leg of evil, evil has four legs. If they are five…”
I approached the Turkish man who is around his forties. That wrong salute is repeated: “Zdravo.” Luckily the Turkish man is not like the others: “Zdravo!” With quite sweaty jeans he immediately speaks in Yugoslavian:
“The weather was good, my wife and I decided to have a picnic but fucked up. This damned thing broke down on the road. I’ve been working on the repair for an hour, but I could not do it.”
His wife is the Albanian woman who sits at that table and is all ears what the Romani woman tells: “If there are six beans it means….”
The Turkish man cleans his face with his denim shirtsleeve, and in this damned heat weather he continues working on the repair, leans over the engine. Our man picks the hummer up from the ground with a strong self-confidence and takes screwdriver from the Turkish man with a glance some like “I know.” Approaching the engine of the motorcycle he sticks the screwdriver to the part where the engine and the frame meet in silence, he hammers the top of the screwdriver.
Jedan, dva… A small piece of metal falls to the ground. Our man says: “It is the reason why your engine does not work! Such kinds of pieces break the engine. It must take some air.”
In a hope and ignorance the Turkish man says: “You know how things are going, ha?” But our man’s sneaky glances don’t stop and continue flowing from his bright eyes, “Start up!” he says.
The Turkish man starts the motorcycle. A loud noise is heard and everywhere is being covered in dust. The two men jump out of their skin, they move away from the motorcycle. The Turkish man is getting very angry, raising arms up and down, sours and attacks our man, yells: “You pissed on the engine! Blow it out your ear, fuck off! Still looking at me! Get lost!”
What would they say... In a big shame as big as a cloud, and our man’s clothes dingily… He walks towards the tables with looking back. Some heavy laughs of the women are coming from there. The Albanian woman takes a handkerchief out of her bag, passes him.
The fortune teller woman overheated again and speaks with her dead voice like she smokes: “Get yourself a seat, clumsy boy. You can be nothing but a mandarin tree.”
Our man sits his place, wets the handkerchief with a glass of water on the table, and cleans himself. The meatballs come grinning like the African fingers. The Bosniak man puts a plate on the table, he also cooked something for me and he puts it too. With my prettiest image and without nosing around I’m eating it. The Albanian pets my brown-grizzly back feather by her long nails.
As for the fortune teller woman, she just watches our man who is losing himself with the smell of the meat, as if it is funny she smiles and stares at him, speaks in the Romany language this once: “Oh boy! Where did you find these clothes from?”
Eating like a pig, our man scarcely speaks in Yugoslavian: “I can’t understand you. I don’t speak in Gypsy language.”
“Aren’t you a Gypsy? How cannot a gypsy speak in his own mother tongue? Oh my god!” she says and is confused.
“Yes, I am, but I know no word of this language,” the man says and avoids. The onions stick on his nose, and he even forgot how to take a breath at that time.
The old woman looks at him as she is more meaningful, more mature, and as if picking up some mercy with her palm and frees something, just as freeing a fly that she grasped.
The Albanian woman smiles and asks his name. Cigan is his name. The same woman asks in a different tone of voice: “Are you from Serbia? From Nish?”
Our man, namely Cigan, doesn’t answer it at once, because the meatballs stick in his throat, and also blaming of breaking the engine down.
The Serbian tunnels even stick my gizzard, the hills around rocks, the uniform trains that are prettier than toys, the greeny rivers surrounding Nish; the short communistic trips before the Bosnian War, the peaceful poems that were being read on these trips, the international fingers that were scratching the knees… Once my masters let me speak I become like that. Am I an eagle or a hippy? As speaking I’m losing my bureaucratic charisma. So as to clean my mind I stop eating and turn my head to my four-lane tail, and by the oil in my quills roots I comb my feathers.
However, the same images turn in my head. My gliding into tunnels at sunsets, letting myself down just as rolling stones from hills…
Cigan wants some yogurt. But the women wait: “Where are you from?”
“From Turkey… From Istanbul,” Cigan speaks finally.
“What!” the Albanian woman speaks arching her eyebrows. “The man you just talked to is my husband, named Suleyman, he is also Turkish. He has a friend in there, he occasionally goes to Turkey occasionally. But I have never been in Turkey.”
The meatballs are still getting out of Cigan’s mouth. The Albanian woman continues talking fast: “Do you know? We follow Turkish TV series very closely. We love them. Istanbul is very beautiful. You say ‘cok guzel (It’s beautiful)’, don’t you? We learn Turkish also. I think Turkish women are more beautiful than ours. For example, Hacer is a very beautiful woman. All dwellers in Kosovo, we became glad sometimes and got sad together with Hacer. What an unfortunate woman she is. Joj, oh my God, so tragic!”
Cigan stops eating and turns towards her, he nods his head smilingly as he knows of “Hacer.” She continues talking and looks at Cigan and the old woman. She tells the story of the TV series called Hacer that captured all Kosovo in latticed televisions. “Boze,” this Muslim Albanian woman wants to call “my God,” like an Orthodox does and continues:
“Oh my God. It is so sorrowful series. This Hacer gave birth to a baby, but the baby died on the same day! Then Hacer was weary of life, locked herself in her house, and kicked his husband out of the house. Her family fell apart. The years passed. What happened, do you know? In fact, the baby didn’t die. Her own sister had stolen the baby. Can you believe this? Joj, sestro… They had played a trick on her. They had overwhelmed her! The sister married to a rich and darkness man. They weren’t able to have a baby. Her husband threated her that if they didn’t have a baby, he would kill her. So, she stole her own sister’s baby and spent a lot of money for doctors and hospital. Even the deep state was involved in this event. To take the baby back, Hacer faced the monster state. Oh god! What a bad trouble can people get into! Sir, don’t we still have electricity? Please, check it.”
How I forget! Electricity! I didn’t think about it: Why haven’t this people watched TV? People even forgot their unemployment cases while watching the Balkan versions of Big Brother shows. Joj, as a bird, how can I recognize the value of electricity! Joy, how would I understand that the water is not the source of the life, but electricity! Neighbors kill each other if a chicken pecks their cables. So… Didn’t Tesla tell a pigeon: “They’ll split the atom and throw its bomb to a marketplace, if I’m not able to cut that three thousand meter cable now…”
Have still no electricity? “Change would be a fine thing…” the Bosniak man answers, who stands nearby the door of the building, picking snot out of his mustache, and gets angry as if someone presses his button by mistake: “It doesn’t come! We cannot have access to the electricity for three days. All Prizren cut off from the rest of the world. I shit the state’s plate! Three days! Shit the life!”
The Albanian woman is surprised, saying “joj!” I mean all Yugoslavia express it saying “yoy”: “Whoops! I missed the episodes of this TV series. What will we do?” Then she lights a cigarette and calls out the Turkish man: “Suleyman, Sulo! Isn’t it still working?”
“It isn’t,” the Turkish man says in Turkish, “Piss on the wheel! Damned!”
The Albanian woman gets more bored, draws on and puts out the cigarette, then turns to Cigan who gobbles the meatballs down without thinking if the Bosnian man shits that plate, and she asks:
 “What happened in the next episode, what happened to Hacer? You must know about it! Even as she met with her children it was ended. What did she do then? Did she recognize her child?”
It is assumed as health to burp loudly in the Balkans, Cigan answers it gently: “It no longer continues gospoje (madam). What’s more, there is no TV series being filmed in Turkey anymore.”
Nobody understands what Cigan talks about. The Albanian woman states that she understands nothing and turns to the fortune teller woman. The old woman astonished also. Cigan puts the yogurt on the table, waits for a while and shouts loudly at a stroke:
“There is nothing but the chaos in Turkey! Everything is messed up! There was an earthquake in Istanbul!”
Joj! I hit my wings to the climbers. An earthquake? The Serbian man, who has been snoozed for hours, jumps out of his skin and shouts in Yugoslavian: “Earthquake!” Even the crow on his traditional hat flies away croaking. Is it the Istanbul Earthquake expected for years?
The Turkish man, I mean Suleyman, leaves the motorcycle and runs towards the tables at once. The Albanian woman makes “joj” three times one after one. Even those ants on the ground expect more explanation from Cigan. He speaks in a calmer manner now:
“Haven’t you heard? The world has been talking about this earthquake for two days.”
Joj! Why does it astonish an eagle like me who witnesses everything and got accustomed to earthquakes? The “joj” voices louden from the place. A black cat’s ears are ringing nearby the jeep, and is that reason why the cat makes a meow like the noise of a oxidized swing?
Suleyman asks his wife for the phone and immediately calls his friend in Istanbul. But the phone went dead because of the power cut.
Luckily Cigan grabs his phone out of his pocket slowly, passes it to Suleyman. He looks at the number in the notebook and immediately makes the call, but this time the person at the other end of the line cannot be reached. He tries to call again for another number. Cigan says:
“Don’t waste your time! Phones no longer work in Istanbul also. The systems collapsed!”
Everybody Joj! The same hue and cry is in my head: The chandelier is shaking, wake Adam, wake up, joj! No TV, no phone, no electricity, no transportation. Everyone is surly in Mesto.
As easy as saying “nothing to do,” Suleyman pulls a chair and sits helplessly next to his wife. Cigan opens his ominous mouth once again:
“There are more than a million casualties, so they say. I think it is more… Millions of injured people… There is neither a government nor another thing anymore. You should see it yourselves: What a catastrophe!”
Joj! The Serbian man is uneasy and stands up. The Albanian woman’s dimples balloon, joj! People could not demolish the state, but an earthquake did it? The Kurds could not separate Turkey, but an earthquake did it?
The Serbian man looks for something, a newspaper. Ending in smoke, I say, the life isn’t being followed but being lived in the Balkans, I know. Old Serbian gets angry and asks the place owner: “Haven’t you ever got a newspaper here?”
The place owner clearly poses as automatic about everything: “What if I get? No one reads it. You either!” The two men get the eye hinting and make each other needless.
Cigan gets a newspaper from his bag and lays it on the table now: “It is a Macedonian newspaper. Of yesterday,” Everyone gathers around it. The headline of the newspaper in the Cyrillic alphabet reads as “The nature terrorized!”
Below the headline there is a photograph of the Historical Peninsula, Istanbul. In the photograph it is visible that Bosporus had dried out, a fog spread over the sea and Istanbul is nothing but wreckage and ruined. Joj for one who saw this scary photo, for one who took it, and joj for you Earth, and for your mother!
No longer ago than last week I had been there, in Istanbul. Two taxi men, who had children, were raping a young tourist of Bangladeshi on the rocks in Sarayburnu! Joj! Would a million be killed by the earthquake, but before one night of the earthquake would a million of women got a beating in Istanbul!
The Turkish man, Suleyman, pulls the newspaper towards himself, I wonder why he tries to read in silence, and then he turns to Cigan and asks, “I guess you know something about the situation in Bayrampasha? I have a friend in Bayrampasha. God knows what happened to him…”
That’s what always happens in life! Millions die and black cats say that: “Let them die, but long live ours!” That is it. That can’t justify the disasters, of course, or can that? What happens to this nature?
It seems that Cigan doesn’t know about Bayrampasha and so on, he stands up, but he doesn’t know why he stood up, now sits and turns the Serbian man as if this old man is the lens of this place, says it: “I narrowly escaped from death. I spent last night in Skopje, Macedonia.” And then he shouts at the curious eyes of the Albanian woman:
“But I also escaped from there. Because they are coming!”
The old Serbian man raises his head towards Cigan, “Who is coming?”
Who are you waiting for, dude?
“The Chapullers! There were twenty millions people in Istanbul. Most of the earthquake survivors joined the Chapullers. They plunder everywhere,” replies Cigan.
The Chapullers are coming here. Do they justify the nature that is strong and destroyer? The nudists are blacklisted, I know everything even in my birdy mood, Abraham shoots the ball and it is the goal, and the earthquake victims watch the football in their tents, then the witch hunts there are, then mosques overflow with them, the nature is proved right? Joj, what happens, what happens, do you know? The Chaos oozes out of our split bones to our marrows!
Oh my God, did you destroy the millennial mosques which made ear-training for tiny ears? What about madrasahs, caravanserais and chatterboxes? Hey, are we scared, people? No, no, no wonder, we are scared of jinn and demons and of being fired from our jobs, but we never been afraid of earthquakes!
But the Chapullers, joj, this Turk yonder, Suleyman, he knows about them. He joined all the meetings in the Balkans supporting the prime minister of Turkey against those Chapullers. He keeps quiet now, because of knowing about the Chapullers very well, he is scared. He’s not being afraid of saving his heavy golden, and of saving salaries each month by banknotes which the rich people pack their penises for fun, and which smells like laundry. He isn’t scared of it, but of the Chapullers who will relieve him of all these shits!
Sometimes the nature actually goes on a binge!
Only the Albanian woman screams: “The Chapullers?”
And now also Cigan screams: “Yes! They are crowded! And also all of them are young! They smash, crash and plunder. They have no mercy. They have spread around as if the whole Istanbul was not enough for them!”
The woman goes crazy: “Oh my mother!”
“What the Turks ask from us again?”
There is not only Turks but also Arabs, Armenians, Lazs, Kurds… This is the cosmopolitan community of earthquake! And so, what more a human can want after an earthquake?
Suleyman seeks and finds news about the Chapullers in the newspaper with the title: “They cluster at the borders!” Everything have lots of interjections today!
Cigan nods: “For that reason I could not stay in Skopje. Whole Macedonia has been talking about the Chapullers and gossiping about them. They have been about to enter Macedonia and ruin everything!”
The Albanian woman sits her own pimples and lights a cigarette stressfully, draws on four times. They are in kind of silence I cannot get. The Serbian man scans the newspaper, Suleyman points at a photo below the title. In the photo it appears that millions of people without masks and in front of them a Turkish banner: “This is just the beginning!”
Cigan nods again, with his gradually slimming voice he speaks seriously:
“I am sure you know the Chapullers. The government quashed them in the past. But they stand firm. Scientists had warned the public against a possible earthquake, but nobody cared it, nobody got ready for it. But it seems that the Chapullers had been prepared for this condition and according to the rumors, streets got crowded while the earthquake was occurring. They have still been destroying the building that the earthquake could not. Violence!”
Zemljotres! Suleyman grabs a cigarette on the table, swears and draws on too. The old Serb mumbles something and stands up. Maybe this time Earth will understand him for once in his life, he shouts like that:
“Public enemies! See how brutal they can get even during an earthquake disaster!”
Well, the Chapullers had been prepared it for years… Where else they can become wild, between two feasts?
The Bosnian man, I mean the place owner, jumps to his feet saying out loud “The human!” And now he knits his eyebrows, looks at the same point, walks, I wonder which point he is contacted with, and he says: “This is the human being! What are you so surprised at? How quickly we have forgotten about the war! The human being is such a creature… The earthquake is a heaven for the human being!”
That’s the man who knows what he lived and didn’t siphon off with it. But what is the case between an earthquake and a heaven? All of a sudden he keeps silent and chairs himself. The others turn to me, however, thankfully I keep my image humbly. The Bosniak man focus on the ground, and a hand on the knee, he calmly speaks:
“They asked a Chetnik who had killed hundreds of Muslims: How did it feel? He replied: It felt like Heaven. War is like Heaven, and we do whatever we want to do in Heaven and in war too.”
By using my brain, that is smaller than my eyes, I can understand what the Bosniak man says: War is a kind of thing that causes to memorize even the enemy’s aphorisms.
He continues speaking: “Earthquake is also a Heaven for the human being as war is!”
He cools the place and stands up, turns toward the table in front of the single-storey building and drinks his glass of half empty water.
Suleyman stares at the Serbian man hintingly at this time. The Serb tries to point out not to take personally anything about the war, he does not answer and turns his eyes away.
At such times the silence disturbs everyone, maybe for this reason, maybe because of universally instincts, the fortune teller woman talks loudly: “The Heaven… The fortune tellers can hear the chimes of the bells in a cloudless weather as today is. These chimes come from Heaven, it gets excited. When you hear these chimes, you feel that you can realize whatever you want. But none of fortune tellers can hear the chimes of Hell. After this boy and this Bosniak told their stories… The people who have begun plundering right after the earthquake might have gone mad upon hearing the chimes of Hell. Who knows?”
But for what? Why do human beings act like that?
Cigan knows something about it, by the force of disorganized self-confidence, he jumps up: “Believe it or not, I know what reason lies behind it.”
Suleyman also raises his voice sneeringly just like me: “He said he knows! Nobody knows about the act of God, neither you…”
The Albanian woman hushes his husband: “Don’t interfere in. Leave him alone!”
Cigan nods respectfully and speaks gently: “Love… Believe it or not, the reason behind it is love… What we call love is what the old fortune teller woman said. It is to hear the chimes of Hell. Going mad upon hearing these chimes...”
Suleyman shouts “Enough!” and blows his breath upon the sky.
Cigan still talks: “I swear I heard the chimes of Hell! I loved someone very deeply. For this reason I know well how these mad people feel.”
The fortune teller woman also swears: “I swear I realized that at the first sight: You fell in love. You have been running away because of a love affair.”
“Love,” Cigan talks loudly now, “What we call love that urges human beings to do things that can make everyone cry. Just for the sake of making the beloved smile… And the chaos, which began in Istanbul and has spread all over the place, is originally related to a man’s weird story – a man in love.”
Who is that man, koji chovek?
“I am…” Cigan says and grins a little.
“Eat shit!” Suleyman says instead of everyone, “Is that you! He is mad. I cannot take this anymore. I am leaving now!” He stands up and goes to his motorcycle.
With his color face, as if he drank some pear raki, the old Serb jokes: “He is in love, don’t you see! Even the goofiness of a lover man is beautiful!”
They raise a laugh, ignoring my huge body, they roar with their arms wide opened. But Suleyman doesn’t smile at all, only replaces the screwdriver bits with a newer one. Cigan looks at his watch, reminds of something with grinning face: “Nobody has believed me although I have informed you about the Chapullers arrival in Macedonia. Skopje and Prizren take just two hours at most…”
The Albanian woman feels restless in return, also looks at her watch. The old Romani woman looks for a tea, she thinks to ask for a Hint tea, but then gives up, she just takes a cigar out of her bra, and without lighting it, she turns towards Cigan, asks him something sincerely:
“Who is that girl, son? Who are you in love? Talk about her please…”
Cigan gets out of his animal face, that had eaten the meatballs greedily, and now with his sad eyes he stands up, approaches my slimy body that has been waiting for a snapping finger to perch on a human arm. He pats my bent-head purring like a cat, and looking at me in the eyes, he replies the old woman:
“Elma… The girl’s name is Elma…”

*

Did anybody say “chaos”? No, no! He said: “Elma.” If you wonder Elma, let me talk about her. Because I have pestered her for a while. I know her very well.
Elma means apple in Turkish language. So, why is her name Elma? That is to say… It is related to a cult which the Bosniak people have continued from their pagan times to the date. They have believed that the human soul takes form as an apple. Even today they take apples as present when they visit each other. Lovers hold out apples eachother to express their feelings. The Bosniaks give apples to newborn babies as a gift. This is because the babies’ souls are still in the form of a bird.
Elma’s grandma, named Fehima, thought so and gave the name to Elma. But let me just say that Elma’s soul doesn’t smell like an apple at all, it smells like an onion. Her soul bulges with tons of onions to repress a millennial curse!
Here it is, she is there straight ahead, looking out of a window with her sour face. Actually she is a pretty woman. Medium-sized, white-skinned, twenty-five-old and so on... She is the only child of a Bosniak immigrant family. She was preparing a thesis about “comedy” in a faculty of Istanbul, but she dropped out it. Because she never laughs at things anymore. Maybe because the life is very dull, maybe dealing with the comedy which lost its essence with the belt jokes of men, maybe because she found her real character finally, who knows…
The thing I know that since after Gezi Park Actions she has never laughed again. You cannot even guess what I have done to make her laugh. So, I had been skilled in comedy at a time.
As to me, who am I? Why do I pester that woman? Am I a jinni or a pervert? I know this is going to sound a bit weird: I had been a nymph once upon a time. My name’s Thalia. I’m one of Mnemosyne’s nine daughters, who is the memory goddess. Hesiodos had known everything, but half of his whole story got through to you. For example, you still know we are muses as nine beautiful girls. The stalactite-colored truth is that we cannot be in the same time and the same place at all hands, not even our mother would die. We are not as beautiful as coloring your fantasies even we scratch ourselves, also we have no lyrical breast made from flour.
What’s more we even don’t exist!
We don’t know what the beauty or the beast means. Such as one of my sisters, Kalliope, she is a master of rhetoric, who has a scarface. All of the orations that charm your minds and your ears are inspired by her. But all dirty swear words too. My poor sister, who doesn’t know about the beauty or the beast, couldn’t think what the human has asked from her, and with her body that has no breast or buttock, she has roamed here and there.
For another example, my other sister, Kleio, she is a historian. I only like her among the others and still keep company with her. My sister with callous hands, bloody eyes, crumpled heart… She always deals with the historians, who always intend to write beautiful things. “There is no beauty in the past/ You are always happy and fat/ let bygones be gones and do write what happens now/ I poke at you in vain/ because it falls on a page and as it gets more warmer, that every shit like you, and sticks the page!” She always shouts at the historians like that.
If you ask my unlucky poet sister Erato… Anyway.
As you know, at the mountain of Olympus gods and goddesses had had a strict hierarchy. We, I mean the nine nymphs or muses, had never been free. To chat up Zeus, who was her grand lover man, my mother organized feasts, and to entertain Zeus she put all us in bright cages.
But one day what happened, everything had changed! Firstly a human came up and said “There is no god!” And then it caused a disturbance in Olympus! Just think: Gods and goddesses, who were keeping alive this caste system, had learned that they didn’t exist! What a chaos! This misgiving had broken their hearts, ha-ha! There were some kinds of emotional outburst like “We exist only on paper, do you think so?”
And we, nine nymphs, shouted “They don’t exist, so we don’t. Now that we are nothing, we riot!” We provoked all nymphs and fairies in the Greek world. Without ignoring the justice or the morality, without ignoring Dike or Nemesis, we had roared as “adikia!” (It means unrighteousness, unrighteous in Greek.) And we destroyed Olympus Mountain that always opened and closed like a handheld fan!
To know your own nihility is a very strong feeling.
Since that day we nymphs have roamed here and there where the writings are, even without existing, in fact, existing as only a word… I mean, all the time you read these sentences I will be here, but then there will be only darkness. Indeed, also you are in the same boat. Is there anything else but the words that call you into being in that midday?
The thing which generates you would be your names, maybe it is your processes on-going in your own name when you sleep; maybe it is your genealogical datum updating or the documents accumulating in behalf of you; and data transfers of your student information accounts… And even your place of grammar in sentences being made properly by some minds. That both your subjectivity and objectivity…
Even if you light out for a mountain and got lost there, they will talk behind your back and it won’t be the end. In their minds there will be only the possessive constructions about you… This is the sweater of Mehmet… The bootee of my Ali… Sister Elif had bought this book for me…
The eye, what you say, can’t see anything, but only reads things.
At this point, you aren’t different from me or from jinn at your back, I’m sorry… The most important thing is accepting that you disappear beyond the words, then relying on the nothingness, and rising against just like we nymphs did.
The Gezi Park movements is a kind of rising like that, I remember. The people filled all square in Turkey when they understood they were ignored. But then, having no idea what happened, they started to do the opposite instead of rioting. To try to generate the protesters, kinds of experts used millions of words, and called this people as Chapuller, resister, public, generation X or Y, sleeping youth, terrorist… Then the powers killed this young people one by one. Despite all these things, this people embraced what the powers said about them, and tried to exist by that way. The people didn’t content themselves with their nonexistence!
They left the riot to change, and only listened to some words of the powers who will not even make history. And then, the people tried to exist in the social media by using different nicknames for each other! Oh, the people are out of their minds with the existing!
That was the same way Elma was in, who was one of this young people. And Elma got out of the way like them to wait for something happen. Maybe she has been counting the days when she would realize that she actually has never existed.
Gezi Park Riot, I don’t know how to say, was like a solar eclipses or some kind of the rare event of Space. Maybe it was the only and nonrecurring event that was caused by millions of scuffles in the universe, million-to-one chance. To want repetitions of this event for one more time is to swear at this universe.
But it annoys my tulle-curtained mind that I see Elma still hopes it would be repeated once again. She wants it because, like that people, she had encountered unbelievable tastes in the park, the tastes that even migratory birds cannot feel while flying. It was just the beginning for her also. Who knows, there must be more blessings to taste under the sun.
I had started to badger Elma to death in that June, in the Gezi Park Riot. It was very understandable why a retired muse of the comedy like me roamed in the park, where a riot was being a kind of laughing, and where jokes were popping out from everywhere. And Elma was the funniest person in the Park, I think.
When the sea of June had risen like that, the waves of nothingness threw me shores of her. To be honest, Chaos wanted to do this and did so. Am I happy now? We don’t have to be happy.
...
Anyway, I’m Thalia. Let’s go on. With my nothingness getting refined for thousand-years, I look at the sky once again now. It is an earthquake-eyed and very hot December day. I’m next to a Christian cemetery.
There is something up again, something is messing itself. Some small screws vibrate in some quite groundling holes. Which terrace are you in, Kleio? I have amnesia, did I tell of Kleio, a historian? Where is she now? She is long gone. Where the hell am I? Rude concretes, curtainless windows… Here is Sishli, Istanbul. Car-exhaust-smelled two pines, some climbers, three benches and a park as little as a matchbox, then…
A car is in front of me being stuck in the traffic. In the car, a young man swings a kind of rosary by his hand leaning out of the windows. In a typical Turkish-fascistic wear, he bends his wrist at the car window, shakes his neck and gives a gum to the driver. An electronic music spreads everywhere from the broken amplifier of the car.
“I’ll fuck that dark dude! I called my elder brother. We’ll solve it. Don’t worry!” he says, chewing the gum.
In the music, several voices repeat the melody with four notes. “Fuck! Who did invent the electronic music, mate?” He asks the driver.
They go on. Who did invent the music, Kleio? Here she is, she’s coming!
“Indeed, a Kurd invented it. It was after 1908 or earlier.”
Who is he, you say?
“A night cap, named Rezzak, a Kurdish. You know what! He had kept the same melody in his head for whole thirty years!”
Where did he keep it?
“At nights, sometimes he heard some voices when he walked the streets of Eyup, where the cat-meows rising and ranting in Istanbul. He was thinking and keeping. And sometimes he climbed hills of cemeteries in Eyup, where a group of drunkards always made the trees erected with their loud voices. He was thinking about something.”
He kept it, so?
“So, he always watched the Golden Horn, where still smells like a mysterious essence, like chemical waste. The perception of that poor man widened like that way, smelling. He was never enlightened by any note or mode. People always called Rezzak as ‘hairless.’ But indeed he was not that much hairless. His wife and children always plucked his hairs by using nippers that had been bought from a flea market. In order not to let this be heard, he threatened her family to set their heirloom house on fire.”
Do you have any idea Kleio, why did a man live in that way?
“It was the passion. He usually went to unmanned places at the crack of dawns, for listening to sounds of hawks, of bulbuls, of crickets, of rats. One purpose of the Rezzak was to hear different voices to add them to the melody of his mind. Years had passed. But did anyone could hear his music? No. Because there was no any recorder for his mind, nor a kind of notebook writing his melody. I mean, the weird melody that he listened and melodized with great effort in his mind was not able to be occurred again. He could not find a way to make someone listen to it.”
The desperation was as bitter as chestnut honey…
“So it was… This poor and depressed Rezzak tried everything to make people feel the music in his mind, he even hidden the voices in jars. After just over thirty years, he gave up his hope, and left the rest to the god of technologies. But he continued to add new voices to the melody in his mind.”
How?
“You know how! One day he twisted his ankle. This Rezzak came to realize something at the time he had twisted his ankle and fallen down at a bazaar. Why was he actually crazy about getting pluck his hair? What did happen when the people started to kid him about his hairlessness at the time he fell down? With spelling the word of ‘hair-less’, something occurred to him and it brought a lot of voices repeating his melody to his memory. After this, with the ‘hairless’ shoutings of people, he became eager, and moreover all voices of the universe got through the door of his mind, that opened by “hairrh-hrr-lesss.” Unfortunately, the universe does not pay attention on human minds, even if it can hear voices coming from minds, it pretends as if it cannot…”
How can you hear the voices, then?
“It does not matter to you, sister, get off my case!”
…
Okay, I’ll do. In this winter season everywhere gets dusty, windows open, everyone runs rampant! Even Time is well painted today. What date is it? Is it twenty eighteen or what? When will the earthquake happen, Kleio? You’re lost again!
The subway train arrives, that is my symmetric-faced friend, and so it loves me. The train’s windows and doors, shoes, clean cut brown bags, everything are geometric here. I am on a wagon with smells of margarine in this morning, following closely Elma in order not to let any other fairy grabs her. She snoozes with a bag in her arms. An awry-head man jams himself to the corners of a window, he also sleeps with pleasure of fitting this technology that even its space is smooth.
I do the same like him, it’s no go. I turn my left, it’s no go, and turn right, I said “it’s no go” to an officer who looks at me like a signboard of a syndicate. “Is the electronic music like that, isn’t it? They restrain uncontrolled voices by using measured-calculated melodies...” I say, of course in my mind.
The things are too noisy, but why people are very silent? The officer man nods as if I told him that “We must unite! Look how the Kurds unite, we must do the same!” And he agrees with me.
A medal of a Korean War veteran swings across me. “Mate, what the fuck did you go to Korea for?” a granny asks him, who approaches the old war veteran with playing her ball in between two wagons.
Just a few minutes later, a man appears there, who is about two meter heights and bearded. He yells: “I always write, but you don’t read it. I write, I say that is the essence of human being, I write. I always show you those patterns of rugs. For instance, that…”
The same “hands on the hips” woman motifs in the catalogue that he always shows it to pink dressed people like me… But that motif, how nice it is… “Dear motif,” I say, “With your chaotic stance, you’ll overflow out soon suddenly. But the Turkish mind puts your lines in shapes by using geometry.”
The big man hears me, adds on it and always turns over the catalogue’s pages: “The Turks are not the only doing in that way, here it is Scandinavians! For God’s sake! All the same! Because this is the essence of human being. The human trails the aim of perfect and mathematical by a kind of body skewed. What does the human between the chaos and the order?”
You bored me, enough! And I don’t know how many centimeters of the human’s essence, I stick on a window. The man still continues speaking and still consumes oxygen: “The art! This is the art also! Those are both the aesthetics and the beauty! The human escapes from the chaos, but doesn’t lose it!”
“What the fuck!” the granny says to him in behalf of everyone in the wagon, a red card on her hand, with a brown bug on her football uniform, she approaches us. Everyone in the wagon thinks she is a mad, and they just smile with a kind of maturity.
The wagon gets overcrowded as if compressing everything inside. For a moment Elma goes out of my sight. I’m next to her right now. She puts a notebook on her knees and draws something, and then she closes it, opens her bag slowly and puts it down. She stealthily takes a thick cable out of her bag.
I wonder what the man, who is cooling his butts at a door, is living for. He talks to a student woman next to him about how he cringes from paragliding, and then he tells of leaving school and living in mountains. Why is he constantly repeating the word “sleeping-bag?”
The cable wrapped around a man’s leg, and he does not realize that. The man, who rubs himself against all shoulders and waits standing.
A bank employer-looking woman, who feels like she is still on a summer holiday in Lesbos Island, behind the man, and now catches onto the cable without sensing it. She calculates all her expending and shares the figures on the social networks. Hah! Now I see, despite her high salary, she’s proud of herself to stay in a cheap hostel where an old Greek woman owner earns her living only in summer seasons. She listens to Greek music with no shame, and sings along with the only word she looked up in the dictionary: “Eleftheria!” (Freedom in Greek.) Haha! Then she comments about a femicide: “Freedom is on our high heels!” I become irritated, her glances are full of spiteful! She walks and the cable wraps around her.
Elma leans her head on the window and seems like falling asleep. At last, the cable attached many people together. People make disgruntled noises in the metro. As if they all together say “Entropy!” half-heartedly, and clench their teeth. The more they want to get rid of the cable, the more complicated the situation becomes.
Entropy will separate the country deeply, they discuss it.
The cable continues to go out of the bag as if it is infinite in length.
Entropy, everything becomes more boring, the Danube River dries up every passing year, and then mosquitos! The water has been over in Istanbul, people wash cars by their pee!
Finally a man in his fifties shouts “that’s enough! Please, stop doing this!” and is about to cry, how nice he shakes kindly at the place he sit, then feels sick, is he dying?
Luckily, the train stops now. Elma gets off normally as if nothing happened here. She takes the bag that got rid of the cable, and walks in Sishane, about Taksim.
The colors of today are bit weird. Alas! I was pastoral at one time. I was very pastoral as much as a human can stand for the truth. I was smelling like grass, and dressing up with the rainbow. Now I only can count four by four. And in my mind, the effects of the same electronic music going on… Up! I’m counting for everything, for the spirits of my decedents.
Do you know Time? That old Time who grins with his two spheres on his hands on the top of Ararat Mountain, I also count for him. He, Time, pulls down a sphere and it gets dark; he pulls down the other sphere, it gets clear! To get free from Space as soon as possible, Time gives a start for a race with him. Do you know Space?
I’m counting. Whichever side of the border Time goes, I mean the Turkish-Armenian border, there is Space! Time had better to get into the crowd. I count, Time hides himself for a while, and then he gets into a panic thinking as “maybe the police understood the truth!” Then he slides down from the jaw of a fat woman, and he really gets lost. There are some people who saw him in a sewer. He is up to rat’s gossips now: “There is no Space in the cone of Galata Tower, and Time hides there…”
Time fulfills his Istanbul longing with eating sweetbread at someplace near the Golden Horn, and he is not able to find any other place, except the cone of the Galata Tower, to eviscerate it!
…
I am on the cone of the Galata Tower, and turn my back to the Golden Horn. Down the tower, Elma waits for her friend. His name is Zgon. She has been kept company with him for five years. He is an antiquarian Armenian. Elma fusses with her phone and gets bored now, scratches at the jaw, stops for a moment, opens her bag and takes two big cartoons that are pained and folded, and lays them on the ground. Makes a tree and some grass, putting them to the wall of the tower. What is she doing?
And now, she pulls out a big paper, and with a blue pen, writes “I’m looking for my donkey” on the paper. Then runs a rope through the paper, and hangs it on her neck in a readable manner. Putting her skinny ass to the ground, she sits cross-legged. One more thing she takes from her bag, a blown-up balloon, takes it in her both hands. Closing the eyes, just waiting there like a statue of Buddha.
A curious crowd surrounds her, laughs at her. From rapists to conscientious people, from residents to tourists, and tens of people who are still watchers TV, now gather around her. Someone follows her body lines, someone sincerely wants to be a donkey for her. Among them someone ridicules her by blowing up their ears, someone asks after her with his itching tone, someone accounts for what happens sociologically…
In the crowd Zgon appears suddenly. With his short beard and some hobbling, he approaches the young woman. As soon as Elma opens her eyes, a clapping rises from the crowd. Some bray like a donkey, some jump with laughing, some are ashamed in the name of Zgon, and some record everything.
However, in an eyewink, Elma does something making everyone jump out of their skins. All of a sudden, she punctures the balloon that is sandwiched between her hands. And what’s done is done; a bright yellow fume rises up to the middle of the tower firstly. And then, the people cannot open their eyes in this fabulous smelling chemical gas cloud. They are so fascinated by the smell that they even forget to run away.
It is magnific! You cannot guess what’s going on here. They see a live donkey that is tied to a huge tree with a rope. What’s more, the monkey heehaws. Elma disguises as an old granny in black, and unties the monkey in happiness of finding him. Then, treeless and very green hills… The grass is being comb by the wind. The people, who are exposed this chemical gas, find themselves in a Serbian village. What’s more, Galata Tower got change into a huge dragon that now sneakingly looks down from the top of the tower, and grins terribly.
With effects of the chemical, some people are being fascinated with the color of the grass, some roll over here and there, some hug the tree to dissolve in tears, and some believe they would run freely but crash the wall of the tower. The old woman, namely Elma, with unleashing her donkey, runs away toward the hills. This two entered the narrow streets that push each other. Spluttering, Zgon screams at her, who looks like a granny with a black head scarf:
“What did you do? What’s your aim? Is that why you asked those chemicals from me? Now are you a wizard? Look at that weirdo! You are terrifying! The witch with single tooth!”
Elma breathes a gas mask on her face and doesn’t reply at all, follows Zgon who runs from her towards Tunnel, Beyoglu.
“Are you really angry?” she says, “Please, wait!”
“Of course, I’m not! I can’t even get angry, because I am a donkey! Hee haw!”
“Come on. Draw it mild! All of it is only an experiment. The effects of it go down in two minutes. Don’t attack my researcher soul.”
“Piss on your experiments! What else do you expect to happen? People still giggles at the animalistic metaphors for human, it is enough to say ‘you look like a donkey’ to make them burst into laughter.”
Elma puts the gas mask back into her bag and tugs at Zgon’s arm, at who is in her age. She screams at the top of her voice: “Where’s it?”
“What are you talking about?”
“The picture… The Paulician’s picture…”
“Have you lost your mind? Look at what you did to me! I cannot even see in front of me! She still asks for the picture!”
“Well, you have always been the same! You have smoked pot night and day”
“Yo! Are you nuts? Shut up!”
Zgon looks around if there is any undercover cop, and he moves his black eyes fast. Elma stands aghast at the spot and opens her big shining hazel eyes. While a pretty cat is about to eat a newborn ropy sparrow, Zgon starts to walk again and talks:
“You’re really starting to piss me off! You’ll get me into trouble! What if the people get poisoned with your bullshits! I am at the coalface!”
“Look who’s talking! You’re a drug dealer! You’ve poisoned the all campus.”
“Shut up! What are you dribbling about?”
Again Zgon’s eyes turn as if skiing on snow, and he smiles at the skinny and snowy face of Elma, and goes on walking on the Istiklal Street, takes a clove cigarette out of his pocket and lights it, blows and speaks:
“Do you still deal with the book which is on comedy and wrote by Henry Bergson? It is not worth a cent!”
“He wrote what the public laughs. If the people are silly, what can he do?”
“Huh, what he says that the laughing hardens the human and they became to humiliate what they laugh at. People so becomes hard that they judge what they laughed at unconscionably. In other words, we must laugh at the bad thing in order not to let anyone does it once again. I watched a film recently, In Bar. A character in the film is a rapist and tries to make the filmgoers laugh it. According to Bergson, what can we say for that? Is it the immorality that the rapist is funny? I mean, the rapist shouldn’t be comic?”
Elma moves away from him and his smoke, in fact she even doesn’t listen to him, she just looks at the people who gather in front of the Galatasaray High School on the Istiklal Street.
“Hey! What do you think about it? Aren’t you a Bergsonist?” Zgon says, throws his cigarette.
“We experienced the same thing in Gezi Park, didn’t we?” says Elma, stretching her brows and continues looking at the people who are flinging each other away. “They raped us for the life. By the state and the public… And then, the state raped us once more time in the Park, and we engaged with the comic side of it. I mean in order not to let it happens again, we thought we must have laughed at again! And we did it, we got hardened. But what about the former rapes?”
“The formers and latters,” Zgon says, “The rape continues, but none of us can laugh at it anymore. Today there is a march of ‘They’re burglar!’ Will you join?”
Elma implies that her big ears closed because of his cigarette smoke, and so she doesn’t listen to him at all; as soon as approaching the school she understands that the crowd queues up.
“Hey! I asked you about the corruptions. What kind of resister are you? They, the government, ruined all the country! The documents and infamies run rampant! You didn’t go out for it once.”
“I am out of that! The corruptions, the monetary affairs, the rights of the people… And then, laws, justices, this-and-that. ‘Put on the light and put off the light Turkey’ and so on… None of these are my business! All they are so soulless!”
“Oh my dear! You create the soul by using chemicals and making tricks, don’t you?”
“Maybe I do so, what’s it to you? Maybe I want to create a new perspective for the people? Maybe I want them to expand as big as the universe. Why do we have to live? What for? Maybe I want to give my first answer to this question for the first time! Did we talk about the bread or the poverty in Gezi Park actions? Do you remember? Besides this, what’s it to you? Still talking about the millenarian story of the bread! If the country is ruined, what’s it to you? You’re an Armenian. And they, the Kurds, the Turks, the Circassians and all the country ruined your all family, your progeny and genealogy! Let all them starve!”
“We have dwelled in this country, Elma. Whatever happens above, we get stuck with it after all. No matter they are Kurds or Turks. The people are pauper, and the government has robbed the state! If there was no bread in your mouth, you wouldn’t be talking through your hat. Anyway, why the fuck do they gather?”
A largish nomad tent is pitched in front of the high school. The people enter the tent one by one. Elma and Zgon both join the queue that extends from the school to the New Bazaar Street. There are many odd writings that are interesting and puzzling on the tent like those: “Our essence is nomadic and our words too…”, “Demolish a thing, I demolished a thing…”, “The earthquake is a flower and our public is chandelier…”, “There is a heaven in the tent.”
Zgon and Elma move on the queue, without knowing what’s waiting for them in the tent, and even ask someone nothing about it. “Would you like an apple?” Zgon asked her, and pulls two little apples out of his pocket, “Which one do you want?”
“What difference does it make?” says Elma.
“Diferanz, diferanz,” he repeats and grins nastily at this point, swings the apples up and down: “Are you really a Bergsonist? There is a difference between these apples. Haven’t you ever heard the story about Bergson?”
Elma devours an apple as soon as grabbing it, terrible!
“Bergson used to give public lessons. One day, he lectured in an overcrowded class,” Zgon says and wipes nose as if honking, continues apologizing to the universe:
“Pardon! In 1920’s, Bergson with his same thin neck and his sneaking mustache, grinned in front of the board. Two apples on his hands… ‘Difference, the difference’ he said, ‘your minds tell you: It doesn’t matter, those two apples are almost the same. However, your intuitions always find a difference. Did you use the method that I teach you?’ A middle-aged man raised his hand and yelled: ‘It is no go, monsieur. I have been listening to you for weeks, but I could not differentiate at all between the turkey in my house and you!’ All the class burst out into laughing.”
The extended end of the queue moves towards to Karakoy, and Elma tries to discover a point by which she would see what’s in the tent. This once Zgon takes a napkin and wipes his nose well, by his everchanging voice, he continues to talk:
“The class was dismissed. Bergson went to the man’s home to see the turkey. The man introduced his mother to Bergson at the home. As soon as his mother saw Bergson, she started crying and apologizing again and again, ‘My son gone mad, he confuses me with turkey. I am afraid of that he may behead me any time.’ It means that he confused Bergson with his mom. Then Bergson got the picture and wended his way.
“But a policeman rushed out on the street and went close to him, opened his arms and tried to hug him. Then he suddenly started to cry and said: ‘Where have you been, mother?’ Bergson was about to lose his mind. The policeman held Bergson’s hand and took him at home. The policeman’s wife greeted them. She looked at Bergson as if working up an appetite and said: ‘Where did you get that? Did you steal this beautiful turkey?’ Again, Bergson was about to lose his consciousness.  The policeman started to cry again and said: ‘God damn you! My mother left home because of you!’
“Anyway, Bergson somehow got out of their house and arrived at his own house. But what do you expect him to see? There was an upside-down urinal in front of his house and there was a puddle suffusing in the street from the ceramic urinal. Bergson scrunched down and smiled putting his hands on his knees, and talked to himself: ‘Oh my orphan France! Luckily, you have only lost your mind. If you lost your intuitions too, how would you hit the target in this urinal?’ Hahu!”
Zgon finally finishes the story and raises the dust on Elma’s shoulders by his laugh. Does Elma laugh ever? In fact, Elma is interested in the story. But the truth is, you know that the truth works with 220 volts now, the story had not happened to Bergson at all. How can I know this? Because I had written this story when Bergson was born yet, and put it on a paper and left it in a train compartment which departed from the Bucharest. Where got and where gone…
From the entrance of the tent a fly approaches to the brown glasses of a man, who is in front of Elma. And now there is something to happen now. Zgon wiggles. Is he about to have a heart attack or to fart? He screws up his face and bursts into laughs, saying “Oh my orphan France! How would you hit the target in this urinal?” He tries to revive the same joke.
As to Elma, she only thinks about different things. The lousy VHS images turn in her mind. I cannot read her mind clearly, but I can smell it very well. Why is seven years old Elma crying again? The bread! Zgon had said “the bread”, and now the breads turn in her mind. She cries as in her childhood in her bedroom. Because she awakes from a nightmare and yells as “Nano!” (It means granny in Yugoslavian) She is terrified and her voice can’t be heard. In her room she opens the window, and Galata Tower salutes her. She had had a dream of the tower when she was seven, and the tower had said to her resonantly that: “I’m God!” She remembers everything now.
Fehima, the grandmother of Elma, is not at home. Elma goes out cryingly, runs, escapes from the tower that springs out in the street, enters and old large commercial building, jumps, hops, and she comes to the fourth floor of a building. Little Elma waits for the disappearance of the tower. The tower is heartless! A tea seller steals up on Elma with his blown pants.
Zgon calls “Hey!” behind her back, “This is your turn. If you don’t enter, I’ll do,” he says and restively enters the tent.
Sequence hopping, she recalls the door of the building. A middle-aged beardless man punishes the tea-seller on the ground, who begs as “Don’t beat! I did nothing to her!” And little Elma crouches down on a paving stone. What’s then happened, granny Fehima rushes a loaf of bread in her hands.
“Lady! Will you move ahead? If you won’t enter the tent…” a bald man says and pushes at her in the queue. Elma is entering the tent now. A very long corridor that is covered with white linen. There is no one here. “Zgon, where are you?” she shouts, but just hears her own echo. She walks and comes to the end of the tent. Unzips the slide fastener of the tent, and finds herself at the top of a huge tree. Very green is all around her, she sees the wooden stairs under her feet, goes down the steps, and then looks up at the top of the stairs. Where she came from the tent, it changed into a wooden bird nest. Hundreds of bird nests on the trees… This is Gulhane Park (Rosehouse Park)!
She takes two steps on the hiking trail in the Park. These illogical passes between the places neither amaze me nor her. Do you understand right now why I am after her? Because this is funny and so surrealistic. I, namely Thalia, generally rejoice in what surprises me and I only laugh at them. For example, if a refrigerator cover swiftly opens and closes nine times by itself, and then it suddenly rises to the sky, clinging to the clouds…
In fact, I love the subhuman sides of Elma, but I can’t stand her digital voice. Words fail me. Her each day passes like a memory that makes a stand against being forgotten. Isn’t that true mom? Where are you? Oh Mnemosyne, who handles memories with her transparent crochet needle on the white-winged Pegasus who created Hippocrene River by using his kick horse! Oh whore, who chained up me a waterfall at the Mount Helicon! Hear me, bitch! Don’t run away from me, mom! She runs away, still thinking about her love Zeus.
Now Elma wants to eat wafer-ice cream sandwich as tourists do in the park. Calls out to Zgon again in Rosehouse Park. He is not there. A military band, that replays the same anthem, swallows the yellow notes that arise from bills of birds. Little time left, Andromeda are going to swallow all of us soon, Andromeda who was chained to a rock to sacrifice to the Monster, and he got free, and comes here to sallow us!
“Hey” a bird says instead of singing. Elma feels dizzy where she sits on, raises her head scarcely and asks “Zgon?”
The birds fly over her head. There is no one around. With rich sound, a big bird, who hardly takes his big head off from his little nest, speaks to her:
“Will Chaos fuckurufuck us at the end? So?”
“You can speak…” Elma says, steps with feeling dizzy, and then takes her glances from the sky that is knitted with the greens, and throws a look at the ground, sees a woman in her sixties on a bench.
“What’s the matter? Who are you talking to,” the woman asks, a biggish notebook on her hands, she writes something with using her cheap pen, and leaves it. She grins with her old head scarf that has washed millions times, and with her domestic wear.
“The birds… They spoke…” Elma stutters, feeling that Earth slips under her feet, and she barely holds on to the bench, sits.
“If the birds spoke, you would be transformed into a cat right now. Everything is close-knit each other in this ecological system. What you say is impossible!”
“How did that happen? I heard they spoke!”
“I’m Zehra, and you?” the woman asks, closes the notebook quickly and throws it her hand-made bag. Elma says her name, but she still supposes the birds would speak again.
“Your mother passed away, is that right?” Zehra asks.
Elma dithers and jumps away like a cat. From there she shouts out: “How come! Are you a fortune teller? How?”
To cool her neck, Zehra ties her head scarf on her nape. Self-assuredly she speaks:
“The fortune, the magic, I don’t believe in these things! Your glances… And your eye holes… I know many people who lost their mothers like you. You all are the same.”
“Do you understand it by looking at my glances?”
“It is not only that. I have watched your mad moods for minutes, Elma. Your moves and your bends just as snakes do...”
It is the first time Elma has been amazing so much since the Gezi Park actions, because of the woman, Zehra, grins as if she is an apple that is given as a gift to Elma. Is there another blessing on earth? Elma hops like high school girls who run up for coffee fortune-telling, and now she approaches Zehra.
“I see you first, here,” Zehra says and copes with her skirt that changed its color because of a drop of bleach.
“If you say so…”
“I always come here. Everyday… For twenty years.”
“Twenty years?” Elma says, sits and gets closer to her.
“I have written my novels here. And here makes me feel relaxed after working.”
“What’s your job? Are you a writer?”
“I am a cleaning woman. At mornings I go houses for cleaning and at afternoons I write the novels here. I’m writing my seventh novel now. But I can’t talk about it. Because people nag at me when I talk of my novels!”
“Very… It’s very weird. Okay, don’t talk about it. But I wonder what kinds of novels you write.”
Zehra coughs gently, waits for the disappearance of a man passing by to speak. She watches the green parrots hopping on the high trees. “The thing what a human never does…” she says, coughs badly this time, “I took a sick yesterday, I think. There were few people who caught flu in the emergency service.”
“In the emergency?”
“I’m always in emergency services every night. For twenty years… To be inspired. My novels’ characters, themes, fictions, everything what I write take shapes in hospitals.”
“I can’t believe in that!” Elma says with opened big eyes, lays back on the bench, “You said: The thing what a human never does…”
“Oh yes! I usually study this theme in my novels. I measure the essence of the human being in this method. It is the character of a person for me that what this person does not do. It means that I ignore what a person does. I mean… A woman’s character is what she doesn’t do. It is not what she does. You know, people become confused in hospitals. Because of the pains and sadness, they do something what they would never do. You know, patients have no virtues. They lose their character for a while. They lose themselves that they can do whatever a doctor asks from them. Especially, you should listen to their talking in pain when they lose someone so close. This is sad, but it is the source of my inspiration. I learnt solving characters of people in hospitals.”
“Just a minute! I’m confused. To identify individuals, you need to see what they never do. But this is very complicated, isn’t it?”
“Yes, of course! This is very difficult. But I learnt it.”
“Hmm,” Elma breathes, in fact she knows that she understood nothing about what Zehra told. However, she asks the first question which came into her mind.
“Well… Can you know what I never do?”
“Yes. It’s very easy.”
“So, tell me what!”
Zehra stirs her head like a pigeon, and looks Elma in the eye, “But you have to do something for this,” she says smilingly.
“How? What should I do?”
“Stand up and raise your right arm up and then down. If it sounds crazy, forget it.”
“No,” Elma says, stands up, and without grinning, she does what Zehra asked her to do.
“Okay!” Zehra says and seats Elma next to her. Closing her eyes, she listens to the wind for a time. “I’m telling… Even if your whole world came crashing down around you… You would never eat green lentil, wouldn’t you?”
“Oh shit!” Elma yells and causes groaning in the park, and leaps up, moving away from the woman. And by the voice scaring the parrots away, she just speaks:
“I rose up and down my arms and you did know that. Is it that much easy?”
“It’s not so easy. There are many factors. Your walking, your folds, your vibrations when you speak, your style of making a sentence… Then… Your crazy moods shortly before. Even it is an important clue for me that a girl would say she talked to the birds.”
Elma says nothing, she only sits on the bench again, but keeps away from Zehra this time, nodding her head. Her knees wriggle. “So…” she mutters to herself, “Why on earth do they still give birth a child while there’s still a chance for fun themselves…”
Her knees are tickled. An ambiance occurs around her. She looks at the farthest hill where she can see it out of the branches, swinging her knees. And a pigeon drops a feather. She remembers an old philosophical man, an old fellow, who was dealing with psychic things. He usually watched cartoons all day, and maybe for this reason, he had no feeling about women. Did Elma innocently fall in love with that man? He always loved trees and opened broken device, cleaned up his screwdriver set with cologne of lemon, swang his feet like Elma, and loved trembling in hot weather.
The feather is about to gets into Elma’s mouth, she spits out: “Plul! So, you solve characters of people and use it for your novels…”
“Yes, learning what they never do… To me there is no another standard for human being. He is what he doesn’t do. For example, if those birds attacked me and tried to eat me, what would you never do?”
“Isn’t that a very rough question? I wouldn’t do many things. For instance, I would not take off my clothes and eat peanut.”
“How do you know that? Maybe being completely unclothed would pass through your mind at that time?”
“I would not drink buttermilk. What do you think about what I would never do?”
“It isn’t a definite answer, Elma.”
“It is! I have drunk buttermilk only one time in all my life. And never again!”
“No! There’s no guarantee for this, Elma. Maybe you’ll feel faint that time. And a man is going to give you buttermilk.”
“So, you said I would never eat green lentils. But this isn’t certain too.”
“No!” Zehra’s voice echoes for the first time, she moves her heavy body and leans back. Clearing up her voice, she says:
“No… This is certain. You’ll never eat green lentils at all. For the life of you! This is the certain information!”
“How can you be so sure? How can you to do this?”
“Elma… This is too complicated. I don’t know how to say… Even if I tell you this, you will never understand, even if you listen to me, you will not hear that. To reach knowledge is a matter chance. And my knowledge isn’t obtained by reading at all. There are so many things happening on earth. Once you experience everything what I did in my life, you can have this talent. Nothing else matters.”
“All right!” Elma says, gets angry a little bit, feels uncomfortable with the waft that beats her back, and hints that she’ll go.
“If you want to see me…” Zehra says with her dried voice, “I’m in the Samatya Hospital nowadays. Godspeed!”
She keeps her eyes off Elma’s folds, opens her notebook and goes on writing again. She, such a woman, has novels and none of them has published yet. I wonder why? Hasn’t she ever met with any publisher in emergency services? If she met, she would solve at once what they don’t do.
Elma remembers that she sent her own writings to publishers and they have never replied at all. She walks and thinks about the unprejudiced robots of the future. The robots that will be free from prejudices, and that will be free from desires for vengeance, and that will be able to assess books objectively by using their uncategorized circuits. You old woman, hope for that technology, you’ll see if you survive some more!
However, the nature is responsible for everything. There is a housekeeper woman who writes novels… But is this beneficial to the hominid line in the evolutionary process? Elma generally does like that in the same injustice cases: She goes to a toilet and doesn’t get out there without finishing a huge article about the evolution.
Now she looks for a toilet in the park, where was once a zoo in the past, but she can’t find it and walks on the hiking trail again with distress. Her mind is full of silly questions: “I wonder if the birds can fly freely on Istanbul?” She walks again, and jumps over a little stone that generates a crystal by using the sun lights which are filtered with the leaves in the park. She talks to herself in a low voice, and imitates someone in the Aegean accent of Turkish language. “It is the nature, you cannot do anything for that. Baboons also say ‘the devil take the hindmost’, nothing to do Elma. Bumblebees also massacre just for a small amount of honey and in minutes they kill a hive of honeybees. It is the nature, nothing to do. Elma sends the Aegean countrywoman whom she speaks with her mind, back to her village and shouts after her “Help it! Puppies of Anatolian sheep-dogs eat your chickens. It is the nature!”
What are this people doing under a huge tree? A kind of terrorist action? One of the women asks: “Do you think Istanbul is beautiful or handsome?” One of the men shows Galata Towers and says: “Of course he is handsome! Even he has a dick! Ha-ha!”
While they laugh, Elma sees a tree which reproduces kinds of branches that are different from eachother on its trunk. And she likens the tree to something. To what, to a new bride, who is charged with making coffee for a room of guests, and then hides in the kitchen closed, and shakes her bracelets with a clinging voice tastefully, freely, clinking, doing it…
Elma waves at Zgon, who resembles a squirrel from far away. Zgon sits in a Bosporus view tea garden at the end of the Park. As usual he lights a clove cigarette and practices new kind of implication on his face. A radio repeats the news of an earthquake in Indonesia. The weather is muggy now, with sour sky and the sea is gray.
Elma sits near to Zgon, asks “Where were you?”
“I was seeking your picture. The picture: The Smiling Face of Cheery Paulician.”
“Did you find it? Huh?” she says, because of her excitement, she almost loses her eyes, her eyelashes drops.
“Of course! What do you think I am? I found it.”
“Well, where is it? Give it to me, now!” Elma shakes on the wooden chair barely standing.
Zgon opens his bag and passes a slim folder, that has a cover adorned with the gruesome and overflowing figures of the Mesopotamia’s culture. Not to fall on the ground, she holds on the table, and by the other hand sweating with her thrill, she half-opens the folder, tries to open it, and when sees the picture she stares like a hedgehog who is just woke up, haha ha!
“This is the picture of an ass. The ass of a donkey. Fucking piece of shit!”
“Hahaha!” Zgon screams, “I shot my own ass. You know, I’m a donkey. Did you like that?”
“You don’t understand seriousness of the situation,” Elma speaks in a low voice, gets angry and tears the folder apart, pours a glass of tea with her dithering hand. With her apparent teeth and stretched cheeks, she listens to Zgon.
“Of course I understand. If you find that picture, you’ll start to laugh again and enjoy the life. Won’t you?”
“It is not that simple! I don’t care the life! You don’t know about what I ask for!”
“I know. At one time, a priest, named Bogomil, who kicked up a row in all Balkan, sent two men here. An Armenian and a Turk. The Armenian was a sect member of Paulicians. The picture, that you want, is his picture.”
“Well, do you know why Bogomil sent those men here?”
“Of course, I know. What do you think I am? We the Armenians carry the universe’s knowledge on our knees. Bogomil thought that a catastrophic disaster would be happening in Anatolia. To make this two men bear witness to goings-on, he sent those two men.”
“Yes! When they arrived here, the Armenian laughed at what he had seen, and he so cheered up that he lost his place and sky. Animals, people, trees… Everything living and dying at this time, all of them had seen God and Satan on his face. God was on the right side of his face, and on the other side was Satan.”
“What about the other man? The Turkish? What did he do?”
“I have doubts about him,” Elma says and drinks the tea without looking at Zgon’s eyes that become gray with the water of the Bosporus.
Elma says: “There are two possibilities for it. First: This Turk, when everyone was dying included his family, he couldn’t stand the laughy sight of the Armenian who was laughing like crazy, and without thinking about God or Satan, the Turk drew his sword and beheaded the Armenian man. Second... Second: The Turk was so impressed by the cheery face of the Armenian… He was so impressed that he was being split himself in half from top to toe. He took shape as a white pigeon with a redhead.”
Zgon says: “Hmm… Our Armenian man was dangerous. Why are you interested in this? Will you write a book about it? Why the fuck do you look for the Armenian picture? Also, do you know who drew the picture?”
“Nobody knows who drew it! A big earthquake occurred in the Ottoman’s times. The picture had got lost that time. Most probably it is in France now. I think the painting is at an Armenian house, who survived from the Armenian Genocide. It must be hanging on a wall. The rest is your business,” Elma says.
“Is my business?” Zgon asks, sniffing and looking around by the same rolling eyes if there is a policeman, speaks more quietly: “How can I find your bullshits? Should I go to France and visit all houses one by one? Should I ask them is there our cheery man on your walls?”
“You are the man like a deep state. And we both know it. I was not surprised if you would reorganize ASALA again one day. You are so dark man.”
“Shut up! If one listened to us, one would think as if we are the shit. ASALA and so on…”
“You have to find that picture. What should I give you in return, money?” Elma asks, stretching her eyebrows, fisting her breasts, shouts: “If you want, let’s go to bed now? Huh?”
“You’re full of shit. You are crazy,” Zgon says, and hushes her up by using his finger, sips his tea cooled down, blinks his eyes again because of the stress. “Alright!” he says, ‘I’ll do the best. But what will you do with the picture? Tell me only that.”
“What will I do? Maybe I’ll be immortal. Maybe I will find the meaning of life. Maybe my destiny is written on this picture. It’s none of your business, no matter what I will do! But it is enough for you to know that I’ve got to see this picture.”
“Well,” he says, as soon as taking his second breath, he scared to death. Does a huge rotor turn in the sky? A wind giving eye pain… An old, metallic-colored van passes by the Historical Peninsula, goes in the direction of Eminonu. An earth shaking digital voice comes out of the megaphone from the top of the van:
“The earthquake is coming. It is coming to kill us! These buildings, these concrete jungles are not meant for us!”
On one side of the van it writes “Be ruined, Istanbul!”, and on the other side “The chapped will!” On the top there is a transparent, nylon flag flapping.
At the next table two male students start shouting and laughing each other. The one of two whose head resembles a glass bottle, “Get up, dude! The earthquake is happening!” Trying to make the other man laugh. Who has long hands clenching, the other man, moves his hands to back and forth: “Forget it man! The government siphons all the money, but we have nothing. No money, no girls, no car. I wish we had a seaside place at least.”
The same van comes again, leading a police car on chase, it goes across the street, comes here. A noise that shouts the siren sounds down: “Let’s destroy all the buildings! And erect tents instead! Let’s destroy everything, before the earthquake do! Let’s save us all from this cemetery!”
There are some people who applaud the van on the roadside. Some fires the police up, some waves the Turkish flag, some just runs, some tells everything around without seeing anything. Children stone-throwing all around, women wiping the windows, seagulls shitting top of some poor people, workers melting in  buses, some women covering from top to toe, some high-school students getting conscienceless, some dogs and squirrels, Japanese taking photo of every shit before the earthquake, and Arabs… And some people dreaming of waving the red flag on the Maiden’s Tower… The van disappears from the sight. And at which horizon is it settling now?

**

To be honest, is there any god in this universe? Out of the blue, who is running rampant so valveless? And is the living still meaningless?
One strikes and throws a Molotov cocktail to a police station, and other one gives thanks for drinking cold water from a tap, and for being born. However, all of them laugh too!
The laughing is a social oppression, the oppression is for bringing us to our knees. Bergson said that, the late, he wanted to bring all of us to our knees.
So, whom do we press when we laugh together? Which individual existences do we suppress? Which freedoms do we lock up in refrigerators? While you are laughing on your couch, sir, do you care about the person who sits next to you?
The morality, the morality… Well, what about you Athenians, who have wives with hair knots. Do you hear me? They like being called with their wives, they enfold their honors in muslins, and then pick up their daughters from the squats.
Oh olive-eyed Athenians, don’t you know that: They built banks making from Aphrodite!
Now there is a big fire in the middle of you. I call you for the last time: Hey citizens rubbing against the white columns! Dirty Stoics! Your misses, your wives have feminized on that day, at that hour. And while you’re sleeping, they throw stones at shop windows!
Where are these heads, which were covered once in the Apollon Temple? Do the hairs overflow because of the virtueless? With their eyebrows, which cannot be covered on the bronze-colored rocks of Lesbos because of the strong wind, now these Athenian women don’t listen to the requiems for all goddesses who are rented by advertising agencies in Istanbul. And the Athenian women don’t lock themselves in their homes.
They become virtueless, I hear, they tell nasty stories each other, and pride themselves with something what you men can’t never know, and they become beautiful getting fat. Without asking “from who”, the women dry on the coasts of Imbros by using their black-purple flags.
But, whatever he says who is in Delphi, all of this will pass, I know. And I know well, nearly all of the free women will forget the color of the fire, will start to work again at those banks that their all ATMs are knocked-down. These Athenian women will become wives and misses again. Some will seek some women, not for all the Athenian women, but for just two of them. Which two? The two women who make love on a nylon bed and in a sandy room in Crete... The two of them, who are remained from the wifehood. More’s the pity, two women will be pressed! The others, wives and misses, who will seek their homes after their twenty five olds, who will forget the color of the fire, and who will have heads with eyebrows covered white… They will get crowded one more time, and will say “These two women are the Devil!”, and then, with their men masters, they will kill the two women together.
But their unborn children will always remember that: The two…
…
Anyway. This is Fehima’s house in Galata, in Istanbul. This is a very very old place, without exaggeration I can say that: Little jinn break loose from everywhere. Scary ghosts look through the dusty windows.
“The light…” says Bergson, is heard from his tomb in the Cimetière de Garches, “Turn off the light. There was no that much light when I was alive.”
How so? Tesla showed off with his bulbs working by the alternative currents in America.
What a day? The humanity had ever experienced nothing like that. By just using his intelligence, a human was able to lighten all Chicago. All of you threw money at Edison’s bulbs, which was able to generate just low light like wax candles. Why didn’t you take a chance on Tesla, but on Edison?
“Because Tesla was a Serbian,” Bergson says, “and you know that the Serbs was the first minority that rebelled at Ottomans. That light increases now. I see the cockroaches that I couldn’t realize in the dark. I’m being disturbed. I can’t sleep well at nights!”
Forget Bergson. When the lights are turned off, the candles are lighted in the Fehima’s room. There are bones, bunches of herbs, garlics and stuffs made of straws hung on the walls of this room. Then, bottles are one more interesting than others, silver-gray papers, colorful feathers… The room includes with materials using for witchcraft.
Elma’s digital voice is being heard: “Hey! Are you living, owl?”
Yes, she is still alive. Shaking her bedstead in the room, Fehima gets herself up. The door, that keeps millennial evil spirits in it, is opened and Elma comes in.
“How are you? Are you pinking?” she asks granny.
“I am trying to hop, my little rat! I’m fine. We have a wedding to go. And you’ll come with me. Do you remember Hana? Who has single-tooth… You had been scared of her when you were little. Her granddaughter Elif will marry soon.”
“It’s been long time ago! How can I remember her, nano?”
“Will you come with me? Hana was as if a big sister for your mother. When we had immigrated to Istanbul, we stayed at her home.”
“Anyway…” Elma slides over, and empties things that she bought in grocery, outing of the pochette, she also takes out a cabbage. “I’ll make a pastry filled with cabbage for you. You love that. You will have eaten it for the last time before death,” she says, haha ha!
After listening to a little clock, that is as loud as thunder, Elma leaves the room and goes for making her delicious pie. I walk around in this witch room. Suddenly I hear Fehima’s voice like a sonic boom. She says “ssshish! Come here!”
Who is she talking to? Whoa! She looks at me and grins elvishly, nodding her head like a demon. How come! Can you see me, granny?
“Of course I can! I see everything, jinn, genii,” she says, blows up a cough!
Do your eyes not get tired because of looking at those things? Look what I asked her. Well, have you ever seen me before?
“Since you came to this flat… But I pretended not to see you, so that Elma doesn’t be scared.”
I wonder if Elma has also seen me for such a long time. People can do anything! Look at that face! Fehima is still peeling an apple by using her knife with yellow plastic haft. She has something to say to me. Even if she sees me, she can’t hear me, because I’m speaking in Greek now.
I came next to her, but I’m scared. She is a giantess! She can swallow me as if putting the pastry filled with spinach away, without cutting it into pieces. I sit on a chair across her. Fehima doesn’t get the sawdust out of mouth, but out of the apple peels. Yes, I listen to you.
“I don’t understand your language. Speak in Turkish or Bosnian. Listen to me, I’ll die soon. I have no enough time. So, I request you to do something. I see that you badger Elma to death. So, protect her. Because the poor girl is cursed. Before she was borned. Her mother was even cursed when she was a little child.”
Who did curse her?
“Skip it! It’s a very long story. Don’t make me tell you everything. Just listen to me. This girl is cursed. And her mother is so… Ikbala, her name… My husband died young. And with my daughter I immigrated to Turkey from Novi Pazar, from Serbia. There was Yugoslavia back then, you know. Anyway, we settled in Sakarya in Turkey where our relatives lived once. The years passed by… I bought this flat. Then, my daughter was a mental patient. She attempted to suicide again and again. Then I married her to a man who she was in love with. That poor man was also a Bosniak like us, Elma’s father… Anyway. My daughter, Ikbala, dead during the week when she had given birth to Elma. She jumped over a balcony. Her husband overloved Ikbala, could not stand her death and killed himself. As you see… Elma lost both her mother and father in this way. May God never give anyone that much big trouble.”
What about Elma? What’s her case?
“Elma had started to feel bad when she was in high school. We went to doctors, preachers, and wrote some amulets. I sought after and I found an amulet that has been working up to now. I have been writing this amulet for five years. There has been no problem until now, but what will happen in the future, I don’t know. Look at those papers.”
She points at some detail papers on the table, I try to read it. With bright colors on the paper, it is written: “Broken ground, ragged cloud, catch the hound!” What the fu…
“These words have protected Elma. Look, there is a pot there. This mixture I prepared contains owl blood, urine and smashed nails. I wrote these words on the paper, dipping in into this mixture. Then I covered the paper with snake skin and make it an amulet. But there is one important thing: This amulet should be prepared every year. Look, I won’t live long. You should renew this amulet every year. Will you do it?”
Will I do it? Will I kill hundreds of owls to save a human who is just composed of flesh and bones? I don’t answer it, but that is not because I am on owls’ side. I just don’t know what to say. I look at the papers and at the old woman.
She explodes: “Shiihh! You are tied to Elma. I understood that as soon as I saw you first. Promise me, you’ll make the amulet!”
I promise irrelevantly, all right. And now I understand that Elma doesn’t smell like onions, but pee. It’s time to be a baby sitter. Once upon a time I had had the ear of curly-haired Apollon. And now I deal with depressed townswomen!
Something passed through the edge of my eyes! What the heck is that? Vahu! Terrible! A bald man grinning with his gold teeth appears the corner of the wall, he looks at me and at Fehima!
“Beat it! Damned jinni! Keep back!” Fehima says and prays in Arabic, standing up, and pours a kind of liquid like cologne that is certainly blessed.
He is not a jinni, I say, I would recognize if he were a jinni.
“Who is he, so if he is not a jinni?” Fehima asks, starts to spit and acts oddly.
I don’t know what he is! Like a human… He grins wolfishly!
“He is a Gypsy! Damned Gypsy! I hate Gypsies! They made my life miserable!”
This white-skinned woman, Fehima, who has grown stronger by using her racism, finally managed to send him away. I wonder who is he and go after him. He enters the other room, and then opens the lid that opens to the roof. A sound of the accordion is being heard. He goes through the lid and climbs up. I follow him. Where is he going to? The place he arrives is not a roof of the house, but a mound. This mound goes down a garden. Where is this place? Where did the man disappear to? He got lost.
This is Sakarya somewhere Turkey… I look at a writing that is stretched on trees. A Bosnian village in the city of Sakarya… There is a wedding. The May heat… When did it become May?
All tables are set and a crowd has gathered. A man plays an accordion on a small stage, and a singer sings the song “Lubenica” in the Serbian-Bosnian language, moving her feet with the typical Romani figures, dancing swiftly. Some people dance the traditional “kolo” in a long line in front of the stage. The singer says:
Kupicu ti bela kola (I’ll buy a white car for you)
i u njima sveta pola (together with the half of the world)
tri kuce velike (And three big houses)
vece od Amerike (that are bigger than America)

Elma and her grandmother Fehima sit at one of the tables. Elma has agreed to attend the wedding unwillingly, just to please her granny, and wears the same dresses that she airs once a week.
What happens? Kind of things that women are accustomed to; a middle aged man who looks like a box of shampoo abuses her with his eyes. And she flips him off under the table, gets angry and very bored:
“What a horrible ambiance! There are the Turkish flags everywhere. Why our Bosniaks pretend to be a Turk?”
With colorful head scarf, Fehima drinks lemonade and unwittingly smashes a spider, never mind, talks slowly:
“We are built that way! If we lived in Germany, we would seem like a German. But we never give a girl in marriage neither to a Turk nor a German. Look the groom’s older brother, he jumps like a nail. He is exactly a Bosniak! Ha-ha!”
How nails which are forgotten in kitchen bench jumps during an earthquake, so this man really jumps like them! Why does a human liken a nail to a man?
The voice of the keyboard gets thinner. Scratching her nose, Elma turns to the dancing crowd, looks at the nail man who is the leader of the dancing group. He closes his eyes, lifts his eyebrows, with his face that changed into a water glass, he jumps. A middle-aged and slightly overweight woman, who is next to the man, stands like a shop window of a jeweler, and sways her boobs, as if taking new two hands out of her breasts, and shows her gold to him by using the hands. Another man, next to her, smiles exaggeratedly, with his mouth crooked holding cigarettes he sings repeat of the song: “Hey little tiny girl, you stole my heart.”
Elma turns to the nail man again. Stares at him for a long time, swings her knees, there will be something up again! Her right hand is being strained motionless. Her chest almost became a window, flying birds around. She feels a trembling from toes to eyelids, a kind of drowsy sweetness.
People and things melt into something altogether, being brought over from another earth. Firstly the body of the man turns into a giant nail. Then, the golden woman pounds this hopper nail-man on the ground with a big hammer haha ha! The nail even has legs, and gets into the soil. All the people in the dance are being tied to this nail like a thread, and starts revolving around the nail-man, as if becoming one big propeller. Indeed, it is weird…
Another digital voice disarranges everything, and fountains flow normally now, a trilling voice calls us to the truth. This truth-hunter voice belongs to a young woman, she approaches the tables, without shouting, smiles and speaks fast:
“How’s it going? Do you have fun?”
“Don’t ask!” Elma answered, “We piss ourselves laughing and merge into the Sakarya River, feeding cows…”
“Ha-ha! Where have you been girl? We didn’t meet for a long time. You are schooled now, so you don’t mind us.”
Elma doesn’t love her, never loved her, and now remembers that the woman never gave her pens anybody, she thinks but doesn’t love her again. Elma turns her head to another side and speaks in a low voice:
“I wish someone minds you right now, and then you will maybe ejaculate your all pains nicely by one action…”
The young woman pays no attention, ogles at a peasant young man, who is modern dressed beyond three tables, and then, somehow, with a rather sincerely laughing she speaks:
“Hahih! I have been following your profile and everything you work on. Be careful! I watch your videos too! They are all so funny. How do these ideas come to your mind?”
“All of them are old and school works. I forgot to erase them. They all just come up.”
“Do they come late or early? Ha-ha! Am I funny? Geez! Only a joke! Look, you’ll get on the stage at the end of the song, and make us laugh, all right? Stand-up girl!”
“No, no! I’m not funny really. Don’t talk nonsense! Behave yourself! Look at that weirdo! As if another head gets out of your mouth.”
The young woman turns to Fehima, almost crying, insists, “Teta (aunt) tell her to come.”
Fehima nods sneakily and sweeps her shoes into the grass. Elma stakes as “well, I’ll run away from here!” The young woman, with her very skillful laughing, moves away and gets lost.
Elma feels better after this oversexed woman goes away, and eats a white cake on the table. The singer sings the end of the song. The accordionist man loses himself in the music and pretends to be a chicken with playing his accordion. The music stops.
The young woman grabs the microphone from the musician, and speaks after everyone keeps the silence, in Turkish:
“Good evening all! I hope you all enjoy. You know the granddaughter of aunt Fehima. I think she is the cleverest person in our family. She wants to tell us something for this beautiful night. But she is a bit shy. Let’s give her a round of applause and encourage her!”
The young woman starts to applaud, but no one joins her in it. The bride seeks the groom, focusing from far away the mothers blacklist some people who doesn’t give any gold. The modern dressed peasant man makes a stunning sign to the young woman on the stage.
Elma gets very angry, and is taken unawares, is very stressed, looks for new places to run away, pulls out the place. The young woman on the stage changes her direction like a smart bomb, follows Elma, “We’re all waiting for you. Do you hear the applause Elma?”
They really applaud loudly. Elma waits in her place, prays for that a comet hits the world. Waits, but who will hit? Fehima approaches her, doesn’t leave her granddaughter alone as ever as, and whispers in her android ears: “Why are you afraid of this ignorant people. Get on the stage and tell them whatever you want. Come on, my pretty girl.”
Is she still a girl, a virgin? Some girls, who take a kind of breath differently like virgins, raise a hand: “Come! Come!” Who waters the herb of the lynch again?
Elma roughly counts grinning teeth in the place, summons up her courage, and in company with applauses she gets on the stage. Will all of these images record in outer space? Forget it! Elma is cheated with the young woman’s smile, however, she can’t swear her, grabs the microphone by the right hand, waits for a while. There are some people who still stir their teas. When everyone keeps quiet, she tries to speak, but she can’t do.
What would she tell them? Is Elma going to do an experiment? What don’t Bosniaks do? Ah, I wish Zehra was here! There is nothing that Bosniaks don’t do. They do everything. Maybe they cannot establish a state, always add to other nations.
What if Elma speaks to them about Yugoslavia? Strong Yugoslavia. Yugoslavians pushed all possibilities of the socialism in all the way. Leaving no room for a sentence like “Ah! Yugoslavia made mistakes about this matter, otherwise Socialism is a good thing…” Yugoslavia tried everything but failed. Even title deeds of factories were given to workers, and then as soon as a worker made a more gain than others do, brothers fell out with each other in same houses. Ah, she wishes Yugoslavia would found once again, and she would be settled in Belgrade, would tour all Yugoslavia by train each weekend.
What do these pleasantries understand from Yugoslavia? All of them are the same! All of them are from Novi Pazar-Serbia, not from Bosnia, their villages are side-by-side… They only remember the free milk when someone talks about Yugoslavia times. They aren’t from Bosnia, so, when someone tells of Milosevic, they only remind good wages in the time of him, without remembering the massacre.
No! Elma had better to talk about Jupiter. The gas-storage, continuous processes of nuclear, everlasting groundless place… Which perspective should Elma draw them to? What are their likes? She found!
“Good night. Firstly, I want to tell you that: It is really very important that the Bosniaks in Turkey are still able to use their own mother tongue and to maintain their own culture. I don’t like weddings so much, but I am a Bosniak too. I am happy when all Bosniaks come together.”
Horrible! A wobbly voice and a diffident beginning… What’s more, she lies, in fact she always fears from people who come together. Because she is always scared of their lynching. Of course, Gezi Actions were so different event of Space. Just relax, Elma! So they don’t exist, they-don’t-exist! Why do you bustle? This time she keeps her feet on ground confidently and speaks:
“I’ve been not able to learn Bosnian language yet. It’s hard to learn. But I still see myself as a Bosniak and I’m proud of it. Even though we are a smuggler nation…”
There are some people, who is laughing at it and watching the bulges of Elma. She starts to cough now and hopes for a bottle of water. An old communist grandpa scares her granddaughter, I saw it! Some applaud in the wedding, some pride themselves. After all Elma is one of them, isn’t it? Their little Elma grows very quickly. They don’t even know that Elma became an enemy of the state, and she will take the hills soon. Tell them why all states on earth should be demolished as soon as possible, Elma!
“Ok, ok, of course, not all the Bosniaks are smugglers. Don’t take it personally please. We are here together. The bride and the groom are both Bosniak. Feel relax. But unfortunately the Bosniaks are known as smugglers in Turkey. But I think it is not that much wrong. I know many Bosniak smugglers who smuggled everything one can think of. If you ask me, do you have any idea about in which areas we are creative? It is the drug smuggling. I think we have a natural ability about it. I remember my relatives who always visited our house. They had weird habits arising from hiding the drugs in buses or elsewhere. Their hands always seemed like using a knife, back and forth. A man was hiding a little pochette in his skin.”
She does something as if feeling cold and putting her cold hands on her perineum, with associated fingers she moves the hands back and forth. A fifty-year old man also makes the same move to another man, who gets angry and says that: “Don’t mess with me, so I’ll fuck your pocket!”
An owl blinks, and Elma doesn’t laugh at it all, as seriously as a scientific thing what carries out an experiment, she continues:
“Let’s say, dayo (uncle) is coming and I am greeting him. Gdesi bre dayo (Where have you been uncle?) Let’s hug. Smuggler dayo! Look at his hands when he hugs! They have a tic disorder because of his weird habit. And his invisible pochettes stretch right now. Whatever he finds, he can hide them! Oh, they hide even the sun in that black pochettes!”
Elma animates the hugging now, pushes her hand into her arm pit while she hugs herself. People laugh loudly and write their sins to others’ signboards. In a mood of cheap comedian, she continues:
“That’s that! I am proud to be a Bosniak despite all this. We are not all smugglers, and generally Bosniak people are good-hearted. We even don’t have a flag. We fly a Turkish flag. We have a way with the state, with all the governments. We’re calm. Everything okay, but… I’ve still heard so many stories about us. I want to tell you what I heard last. Let me tell you. One man goes to Novi Pazar, Serbia every week. When the bus crosses the Bulgarian Border, everybody sleeps but he doesn’t. When the bus drives over a bridge, he starts fighting with the bus driver: ‘My dick is full of urine and it is going to explode soon! Stop now or I will do it here!’ As other passengers are annoyed, the bus stops and the man pees. So finally some people grow suspicious that he does the same thing on the very same spot, and they tell of him to Bulgarian police. One day, on the same bridge the man shouts ‘my dick is full!’ and stops the bus. He gets off the bus, while he is about to do it, he is caught by the police and taken to hospital for further examination. It turns out that his dick is really full of heroin, of not urine! If anybody asks him about it, he always says that he is a robot. Joj!”
The crowd loses oneself. Elma pushes the limits of Bosniak’s morals in her lady mood, estimates the time when she will get a beating, and now she has an eye on a green apple. Two women glance eachother at the table back, say “shameless” pointing her, but Elma continues without breathing:
“Even this story does not make me feel shameful of being a Bosnian. But there are even worse stories than that. Uncle Cemo!”
Elma point at the uncle Cemo who is his fifties and sitting at one of the front tables close to the stage. She wants to whip him like tigers in cages. Cemo feels restless, straightens up, and looks around. Everybody laughs and looks at him. The old medieval moments of carnivals, that kings had been scoffed once a year, enliven again. By saying “Oh Cemo, if you have got so rich…”, the crowd’s feeling of grudge raises. In a while Elma coughs and attracts attentions again:
“Uncle Cemo is a good-natured man. When I was a kid, he had presented me an expensive toy train. I still keep it. I had rejoiced very much. But now… All the smuggling issues have turned into an obsession for him. Unfortunately… It’s hard to believe that he even smuggled a yacht through border gates, although there was an enormous sea. A luxury yacht! And diesel fuel in the yacht, and gold in the diesel fuel, and junk in the gold. And a bright yellow world in the junk!”
Without speaking Cemo raises his hands, even though he wishes to be this luxury yacht now, he flicks his wrists in the manner of “that’s enough already!” Everyone laughs, everyone smiles at every shits. A spot pops itself, but on which face? An apple drops to the stage. Elma continues:
“What a great man you are! Last year, he had a cherub baby. But a human should be satisfied! He even used his newborn child in his smuggling business! I can find nothing to say to Cemo! You once hid heroin in the child’s diaper while passing through the customs. Why didn’t fasten the diaper at your ass! Shame on you! Do feel ashamed of this child, of those trees! Tie that bear, tie him!”
That likes hiding a Kalashnikov under the coat. In order to get rid of the cannibalism or eating each other, the humanity has always changed the issue up to now. Nevertheless, they have eaten each other! Purposely Elma doesn’t change the issue of smuggling, she wants to raise a resonance. Break out the disaster! Let Hagia Sophia be demolished! All of them happens, but in order. Firstly someone laughs, then another one forgets his own taboos and becomes the man eater. Cemo gets so angry that if he finds an apple he’ll bite into it immediately, now raises his hands again, turns his face to Elma, closes the eyes and he says in Bosnian: “Fuck your mother’s grave!”
Someone jumps into the air, someone fucks the soil and waits for the blooming, for God’s sake, there are always some people enjoying with any case, the noise rises again. What about the fountains? For God’s sake, I want to drink handful water if there is any working historic fountain in Istanbul!
Elma’s eyes close too:
“Instead of attacking my long-gone mother, do satisfy the artistic soul of your wife! All night long she has been studying a film scenario about the love, with that man. Aha, I saw them under that tree! By using her android phone, the two were using the French cinematographic techniques under that tree with a cat! She was hanging her gold jewelry to the branches, I saw! Joj!”
What’s the Cemo’s wealth to Elma? She is just jealous of scientists. By using her shapeless finger, she points at the man who played with Cemo’s wife. In fact, Elma gives the second change for being a “black swan” to the crowd, she thinks the crowds may not do this again, maybe they won’t lynch the man, however, she throws the man to the wolves.
Cemo sinks into a table like a ship, hits the man with his nose. Then everyone fights like kilkenny cats. Elma wants to run from this chaos, and tries to step off the stage. A jittery old Bosniak woman wants to hunt Elma, intends to cast down her and tears her hair, walks toward her. But a man crosses her path, takes Elma by the hand, kicks all people in front of him making his way. Finally the two move away from the place. “Lubenica” plays again, a dancing “kolo” starts slowly, and relations are being kept going, beers are being drunk.
Elma takes a breath on a stone with her cold ass, she thanks the man who saved her. That man! He is the Romani man who trailed me here! He loses his head, doesn’t blink his eyes that are fascinated by Elma. She is bored, stares like begging to that evil eyed Time who is confined in the cone of Galata Tower.
The man stirs his eyebrows, shines his eyes and speaks: “My name is Cigan. I know yours. Elma… It caught my attention: Why don’t you smile? What for?”
“What do you want to know? Why are you looking at me like that?”
Cigan looks at her like that, well, I don’t know how to say… Suppose that you find a hedgehog among leaves and then you say these clichés: “Oh my dear, how pretty, I eat you…” Then, despite the tinyness of this creature, the hedgehog starts to cry loudly with extraordinarily noisy. And you’re surprised with it. You ask the hedgehog only one question: “Who needs you in the nature? Why do you exist?” Suddenly the hedgehog stops crying and takes his head out of the place where it buried itself among its thorns, finally the hedgehog mentions you millions of meanings by only using its nose. Cigan now looks at Elma exactly in the same way. In reality, beyond the Jupiter, he hides a kind of stimulus like that: He can sell his all life for only one hairgrip of Elma. He likes her, yes, as if he bullshits:
“Let’s move away from that tree. From the tree to there, no, vice versa, okay this is best, let’s go out!”
“What on earth do you mean? Who are you?’ Elma almost screams and reacts as if interlacing some circles in her mind.
“Well. I’m from the groom’s side. He is my friend. But it is so strange… As if I know you…”
“Yes! I have eyes, hands and feet. It has been for a long time, but we are still in a human form, am I right? Look at me! I look like everybody.”
“Not like that,” he says, slides his hand on his hairless face, swinging his sweaty ass, he speaks: “I know you well. Do you have any Azerbaijani friend?”
“No.”
“An antiquarian Azerbaijani... Does that sound familiar?”
“No!” Elma snaps, jumps two steps back and goes to the other side of the tree. She only knows Zgon as an antiquarian and he closed the shop long time ago. Besides, to her knowledge, his father is a grandson of an Armenian woman. His uncle and paternal aunt, all of them are Armenians. But his mother? Maybe she was an Azerbaijani. An Armenian and an Azerbaijani… This is as impossible as my existence.
“I had seen you in this antique shop tons of times, I can swear. You still have your semilunar amulet,” Cigan says.
“Do you mean Zgon? I always went to his store. But I don’t remember you,” she says. On the other hand she counts something with her fingers, moves away from Cigan and walks toward a garden lightened with little bulbs.
“Just a minute” Cigan says, “Is he slim? With short beard, thick eyebrows... He represented himself as Zgon? Ha ha! He even had represented himself as Mongol to my friends. Anyway… You have heard of what happened?”
“How come! What happened?” Elma says, raises her sound again, stomping on the grass and waits Cigan to speak.
“When is the last time you saw Zgon?”
“It’s no longer ago… Well, I think it’s been long time the last I saw him. What happened? Spit it out!”
“He dead.”
“What!”
“In fact he was killed.”
Elma repulses things what’s flying on her head at that moment, and sticking her upper lip to her nose, she shouts once again: “Whaopdead?”
“Was he close to you? As for me, he was like a brother for me. The late…”
Without spelling any words Elma vibrates her own tears on the face. Zgon was a mortal? Did he die? So, he is the first died human who Elma saw. In that case she is also a mortal! Is that? Why should she be exempt from death? Because of her inner voice? What a pity that Zgon died out. With her red nose she’s faced with another truth which she wouldn’t stand, and knows the truth is over her head! Zgon is nothing anymore!
She turns to a vast cornfield that extends over the eternity, and just waits as if she places the rubber of a huge sling on her back, and takes a glance at it. The sling that stands in the middle of the field. Just beside, one more same sling there is. And on the tip of this sling is Zgon with his usual spotty smile… Which one of them will be the first flying in the sky?

ZERO

Two is two. While I float in the air, I saw a fox who looks like the number two. Why two? Because the fox is contradicting himself about what to eat. The fox runs after a chicken, but looks at me at the same time. Do you want me to scratch the fox’s head with my talon? The more I have a dignified stance, the longer fox waits.
With only one flicking I’m in Mesto in Kosovo again! To be honest, Cigan’s story has attracted everyone’s attention and gathers them the same table. Except the Turk, Suleyman. He still tries to repair his motorcycle.
Cigan drinks his water. The old Serb man asks for the same water rolling a pill on his fingers. As waiting for water he thinks: “What if the electricity cuts off in the whole world… Is communism possible in the non-electric power world?” Bearing in mind what Lenin commented on electricity, the old Serb closes his eyes. Or else, communism doesn’t come because the electricity hasn’t touched farthest places yet?
In my eagle mood I can hear everything like a human, and with my secreted ears I can listen to every sound, like Stalin.
Some people connect wrongly the cables in the head of the old Serb. He remembers that he was a watcher in the Tesla Museum in Belgrade at the time when Tito was just dead. What else, what else… A colorless, unpainted place near Belgrade. This place is Zemun? No, it isn’t. The old Serb becomes smaller, more smaller…
When he was a partisan child, one day he pried around on a hill. Was there any surviving Nazi at all? With a star on his head, he overheard and waited all day for hearing any German voice. He, as a partisan child, was waiting when a saboteur Bosniak, his comrade, was tying dynamites to railroads to prevent passing of the fascists… With a sound “boom!” the old Serb man collects himself and takes the pill with the water that the place owner brought. Burping in kind of dude way, he approaches Cigan and asks something:
“As you say, Istanbul was a jammed place…”
“Yes, it is!” Cigan says and hitches his T-shirt that tightens his throat, “Everything was interbedded in Istanbul. You would end up anywhere through any door. After the earthquake everyone knew and saw each other. No one could hide anything. That’s why Istanbul was not a capital city.”
Vravv, a noise breaks out, silences Cigan and the birds talking a lot like me. Everybody turns to Suleyman. He finally manages to start the motor and steps on the gas again. The sound loudens. They applaud him. He drives the motorcycle to the road. It is heard in the noise: “I’m going to take a tour. Let’s try this shit!”
Moves away. A middle-aged postman appears coughingly through the fume, greets everybody present. The old Serb man knows him well, he hates him, he grumbles, but it is heard: “Fascist Ustasha has arrived!”
If he says “Ustasha”, the postman would be a Croatian. What is the time, but their never-ending war chatting turns everybody’s ear off! The postman immediately gets angry, turns to Cigan and says: “Who is Ustasha? I am the only Croatian who had fought for the freedom of Kosovo! Look at me young man! I fought against Chetniks just like that man. Against these persecutors…”
The old Serb looks at him sneakingly and says “Hah! The war is just another excuse, and what really matters to this Croatian was to kill more Serbian people!”
“Now, you show your face filthy Chetnik!” the postman says, raising his forefinger.
“Look at me Postar! I am not a Chetnik! I am a communist! Despite I am a Serbian, I am a citizen of the World! I had fought against Chetniks for years! Your peahead wouldn’t understand it!”
With his pea-shaped mustache, the place owner approaches and asks the postman: “Postar, hey! Did you hear of the earthquake in Turkey?”
The postman says: “Joj! Oh my! I swear I was expecting of it. There can be nothing but death, disaster and pain in these damned lands! The nature got back at the people eventually!”
What does that conflicting fox eat instead of the chicken?
“Do you have any homemade raki?” The postman asks, grabs a chair and speaks: “I almost got disconnected from the outer world. Never mind the earthquake now… I heard Bogdan just died. I heard it shortly before.”
The old Serb: “Joj! Which Bogdan? Koji Bogdan?”
The postman: “That man whose house is right over there. Didn’t you hear it? How come!”
Which Bogdan? Bogdan who had gathered eighty-three communist people like the old Serb... So, to be able to gather them he had authorized them one by one as commissioner in the party of Yugoslavia that he dreamed to found. But soon after a young liberal man on television, on channel “Radio-Televizija-Srbija”, had proved that communism was dead, Bogdan was cheated by these eighty-three communists. Koji Bogdan, whose home is behind that hill. The man who was in his old sixty four or sixty three at best when he dead.
“Alas comrade Bogdan!” the old Serb repeats and sorrows sincerely like all the Serbs, who are sincere both in peace and in war. “He was a good man… What a pity!”
The postman pours the raki into a little narrow rimmed glass and drinks it suddenly, is being distorted, closes eyes and then opens: “He was a good man. But they will stir up a trouble.”
Zasto? “Bogdan’s family is quite large. All of them are Serbian nationalists… Orthodox… Damned Earth! They will come to the funeral. If Albanians refuse to host an Orthodox funeral, there will be blood. His family is a great nuisance.”
Joj! So far as I know, the Albanians in Kosovo refuse the Orthodox funeral and so on, after the massacre they have never allowed it. As to the Albanian in Albania, they permit, they eat a tray pastry filled with spinach, and besides, they acquire citizenship of America, and then remember nothing about it. But Kosovans, they drink a glass of cold water, nevertheless they remember everything.
“Alas! At least they would respect his dead body!” the Serb says, maybe because of his elderliness, his eyes fills with tears. The postman pours the raki to the narrow rimmed glass again, drinks it. The Bosniak man, the place owner, goes and returns as if he has a pair of roller skate on his feet, he heard everything:
“Oh Bogdan, Bogdan… He was a wise man enough to foresee that one day all people in Kosovo would wave an America flag!”
Thereupon, the Albanian woman makes his voice deeper, nonsensically swings hands and arms, repeats: “What has happened if we all waved? Huh!”
With that painted mustache surging in the wind like my back feather, the Bosniak man does not admit defeat: “What has happened, what has happened? The rockets fucked us in the ass!”
Saying “Spare me,” the Albanian woman swings her one hand. The postman stops the two with one sign, opens his bag, takes an envelope out of it, and passes it to the place owner, grinning: “You won a lottery, Bosniak!” He looks unwillingly at the pocket of Bosniak on the skirt and sees a packet of Drina cigarette. The place owner doesn’t give any cigarette, opens the envelope quickly and reads, before three seconds passed he jumps:
“Oh my! How can I pay it? Fuck your tax! Fuck your people who pay it! Jebem ti narod da ti jebem! Fuck your all peoples!”
Some crows caw on the top of that cupressus tree. Everybody keeps quiet, looks at the place owner who swears like a trooper. The Bosniak man crushes the envelope in his hand and walks to the kitchen, making the envelope a ball, he remembers a café in Sarajevo where he went on the first date with the wife who dead of cancer. Then, eating kadaifi… His nose hair moves. He rolls the envelope in his hand. In a past time he had taught a Serb soldier how to play backgammon in a two-storey house in Visegrad, Bosnia. He remembers these and sweats, digs in his nail into the envelope.
In his mind he buries his dead daughter again, who sliced her own throat herself not to be raped by Chetniks in the Bosnian War times. Joj, in her twenties… He revives a few more deaths in sequence in his mind. He wets the envelope quite by his sweat, says “yebem ti jivot da ti…”, swears the life and enters the kitchen. His right knee shakes badly.
The postman is too lazy to say “That’s just how it goes”, he raises his hands randomly, to je to, and puts some money on the table, standing, greets everybody and walks away.
The silence happens, Cigan breaks the silence asking something not related: “Where is WC?” They show him. He disappears just as that fox who forgot his food. The Albanian woman smiles some, and talks behind him back: “What do you think of this young man? I think he is a good man…” 
The old fortune teller woman smiles snarling, and in that famous manner beyond the evil and good, she just nods her head. The Serb man takes off his hat and puts it on the table, blows his own nose, takes a deep breath, in a jammed voice he speaks: “Well, a man in love is a good man in any case! Bogdan was a good man too.”
Everyone meditates looking their own points that each one is discovered by them. The place owner tries to calm down at the table close to the door.
The electricity! The radio next to the place owner starts to play suddenly. The sound frightens him and he falls off the chair. Everybody pays attention to the radio. Curiously the Albanian woman approaches the place owner who is now on the ground. But the man smiles, points at the radio, loves the music pretty. The song “Pada Vlada (The Government is falling)” by Bajaga i Instrukturi is playing on the radio:
I noc padne kad je zora. (And, the night falls when it’s dawn)
Pada, pada, pada, pada! (It’s falling, falling, falling, falling!)
Sta to pada? Pada Vlada! (What is falling so? The government is falling!) 
Vec su mnoge pale vlasti (Many governments have fallen until now!)
Paces i ti dragi pasti… (You will fall too, my beloved…)

With coming of the electricity back, everyone gets so excited and so excited that this little world swallows a barrelful flies. The Bosniak man straights himself up like a tumbler toy, and with thriller, charmed by the music, he repeats “falling, falling.” Then holds the hands of the Albanian woman, spinning and dancing around her, lefts the woman and shoots ahead inside, plugs refrigerator in and charges his mobile phone. Repeating the song changing its words, saying “They will fall! The American pigs will fall into the mud!”, and jumps to the garden.
What’s up? He pauses suddenly because the sound of the radio has diminished. The others look at him with their faces felt in mud, and the Albanian woman says “It has gone off!”
The place owner becomes angry. Will he pass gas? Focusing, getting back his whole strength, he shouts: “Tesla fucks their cables!”
Cigan gets out of the toilet and takes his place. He asks the Albanian woman who tries to hold the cigarette with stressful fingers, and he learns the case. The fortune teller woman smiles, in her rich voice: “Don’t get angry, girl. It’ll come again. Get some rest.”
While they keep quiet for five second, the old woman breaks the silence approaching Cigan: “Has that girl, Elma, laughed ever then?” Among this people only she cares about Elma. “What happened to the girl, tell us, son!”
Cigan lowers his voice as if plugging out himself: “When we first met, Elma ran like mad from me. But I lost my heart at that wedding night. However, she had never wanted me at all. Maybe she confused me with other stupid men who dogged her steps. Maybe I am really a stupid.”
“You dogged her footsteps, of course….” The Albanian woman makes a hiccup, and controls her nails whether they are broken. Her husband went to gather information about the earthquake. Why do the others always being smiled?
“Chah!” Cigan blows up, pops as if he passes very thin pipets from his eyes to the table, and excretes weird colors: “I didn’t give up! I’ve never given up anything in my life. But I was afraid of holding her. Not because she would be broken, nor she would break me, but because of my feeling that all the world with us would be broken. I had been on her trail, secretly. One day… One day a very weird thing happened…”
What happened? Pam, pam! The fortune teller was about to light a cigar, but suddenly she stops, because she hears a voice, and points at it by raising her finger. What does the old woman exactly point at by her wooden ringed finger and with her brown body settled on the chair like an adapter, without standing at least for one time?
At what, at the sound coming from a UFO that they couldn’t see because of the climbers protecting them from the sun. While trying to protect themselves from the sun, this people missed an experience chance once again, which would change all their life.
And, do porters give up being human in order to be able to be a human? Joj, where are the free Molokans and their geese?
It is the sound of a goose! A goose is crying at the top of its voice with an open mouth. Does the goose ask the meaning of life, with its pure white body fell down from the clouds? No, it doesn’t ask, but runs on the road as if reacting to all possible means of life. Ironically the goose stops in front of Mesto.
The Albanian woman approaches the goose and she does what she knows well to do, namely she loves it, she knows how to love such things, she knows how not to be bitten by geese.
As soon as the UFO beams itself to Sandzak in Serbia, one more voice is being heard here. Trumpets… These are being played slowly. A funeral coming up. The funeral comes in the way of Orthodox, with a rhythm likes pagam pam pam, it passes by Mesto.
Everybody gets up and stands by the side of the road in Mesto. It is Bogdan’s funeral. What else remained from the communism? Once upon a time there were autonomies and self-governments in all Yugoslavia. Then means of productions were delivered to workers, finally brothers and sisters killed each other. What else remained: Here is a painful and musical funeral!
In the funeral there is a kid carrying a cross up front, a priest behind him, and a car, and a coffin in the car, and Bogdan in the coffin, and a godless heart in Bogdan. What else in the funeral, people dressed in black at the far back… Our old woman, the fortune teller, is an Orthodox, she crosses herself with three fingers. The old Serb only takes off his hat, he knows very well how to fill his own eyes with tears.
But a voice… Comes from where? The UFO doesn’t run the coffin, but it looms to a little child in Rozaje, in Montenegro. The child screams but his voice comes from the goose. Does it scream at me? The goose runs madly and attacks a middle-aged Serbian woman. The woman does “mirsh”, I mean kicks it out, but this is not enough, a man next to her stamps his foot, walks up to the goose. The Bosniak can’t stand now, explodes: “I think the goose is an Albanian.” The Albanian woman doesn’t smile, in order not to let they kill the goose she learns how to call an animal just over there.
This family does not seem as much crowded as the postman told, but not sure if they are troublesome. You know, there are always some people who suppose that as if this is possible to save a man from death before he died, and have some weird feeling in funerals. For this, they take on all kinds of tasks in funeral possess. I think this is the only real inheritance from the Ottomans, and I see the same things now in the Serb’s funeral.
A man takes on a task of being deliveryman of raki. Who knows how many times he had pulled tricks on Bogdan. And now he offers raki around with big barrel that he has carried it underarm all day. Someone else cleans up bird droppings on the coffin every three minutes.
And the man who took on the task of firing the goose is now recognized by the old Serb. The old man calls him and asks something: “What do they do? This man was a communist. He didn’t have faith in god. What the hell is the cross for?”
The man raises his hands as if saying “That is how it works…” He looks like a Bulgarian so it doesn’t become clear what he mentions, he stares at the old Serb, then continues to walk.
The funeral moves away, everyone completes their own tasks, and returns to the tables. The old Serb and Cigan stand at the roadside, they look at the same cypress tree that swings singly in the middle of the front territory.
Another noise is heard again. Suleyman comes without putting UFO on his tail, he comes like a TV technician who gets lost in wooden frame televisions and whose forehead is in color of a bedbug. Suleyman stops near them, speaks self-assuredly like people who could read radio resistance values from three meters far: “I am sure that Albanians won’t let this happen!”
Old Serb: “Why? This man didn’t harm anyone.”
Suleyman: “Yes, but he was living in Kosovo as a Serbian. That is even enough for it. Everything is in a mess. Serbians are always in a fight with Albanians. This is not good. I will follow them.”
Suleyman kicks up a row again and rejoices in doing this as much as Enver Hoxha’s communist motor bikers with big glasses, who had enjoyed bossing the Muslim villages around at the crack of dawn. He goes away now. The Albanian woman speaks from her place, she speaks like Rosa Luxemburg who was wrong for saying that workers would never leave communists alone:
“No! Albanians will never do such a thing. Nothing will happen! Suleyman is exaggerating the situation!”
With his mustache the Bosniak looks like skeptical like Stalin, he says “Are you sure?”
The Albanian woman lights a cigarette and doesn’t hear old Serb’s murmurs: “At least they can leave his dead body alone…” Cigan hears it and gets so bored. Even as he turns towards the table, the old Serb stops him, with the same hat in his hands:
“I will be dead soon. Do you know? After death I want to be cremated. I have always wanted it.”
Instead of saying “If you want it, I’ll burn your body on the cheap,” Cigan forgets her Gypsyness once again, incredible, and he will almost mumble like “in the world there are children dying in their four-years-olds, so, should I have mercy for dudes like you?”
The sun melts my oily fat. With no regard to my eagleness, I become a racist again. Maybe an eagle can stand all these in that way. With one action I’m rising up and growing stronger with my hatred. Am I a fascist? There is always a nation at least that even a peaceful human would hate. As for me the Gypsies? But I have been tied to that Gypsy for half an hour. He passes his arm for me so… Why? Someone talks on historical conditions! The similar historical conditions!
Because of the similar historical conditions, Cigan runs the tables. The similar historical conditions provoke the old Serb. These Serbs is always provoked by the similar historical conditions. He pulls Cigan by the arm:
“Look. Is there any communist left in Turkey?”
Cigan: “So… I have been talking about it for an hour. There is nothing and no communist in Turkey anymore!”
Old Serb: “Well… Communists always come forward when everything is in a mess!”
Cigan: “Hahaha!”
The fortune teller woman screams at the Serb: “Don’t yell at him! Don’t you see he tells everything?” The old Serb murmurs, “But I said nothing… What’s that to you? Did you give birth to him?” He sits on his place.
The old woman draws on the cigar smilingly. The Albanian woman puts out the cigarette and looks her watch. The old Serb puts his hat, that is as quicksilver as a scratchy ass, on the table, gives a shout to the place owner:
“Hey Bosniak! Bring us your delicious homemade raki! Comrade Bogdan died. We need to drink.”
The Bosniak comes with a bottle of raki and these weird and narrow-mouth glasses, without difficulty he can fill them easily, and then disappears without swearing for the first time. Cigan leans back, says something randomly: “Have you ever seen Galata Tower?” The Albanian woman nods her head negatively, although she watched many Turkish TV series with the tower.
The old Serb drinks the raki and fills glass again, he doesn’t actually think about Bogdan, he contradicts himself as he thinks “I had fought for years, but I couldn’t kill any Nazi.” He remembers what he did things stupid in the cheapest Zagreb’s hotels after the war, and now he rests thinking “I haven’t betrayed to you Tito, I memorized all anthems.”
Cigan also drinks raki and immediately likes it, “Is that made of plum? That’s very good. Did you make it on your own?” He asks, but this time doesn’t get any answer like “In Balkans everybody makes own raki, you know nothing about us.” He takes advantage of the silence, and continues to speak:
“The Galata Tower… It’s a very old tower in Istanbul. It’s so high. If you were on the top of the tower, you would see whole Istanbul. There was a ward around the tower before the earthquake. It was full of homes, large commercial buildings. Elma and her granny lived in this ward. Elma always loved walking to Istiklal Street from there. It was the most crowded street in Turkey. Millions of people looking different than each other... It says that the sun gives birth to each day differently. And the days of this street changes, but its smell remains same. Well, on one day which was one of those newborn days…”

*

One day which I couldn’t distinguish from the other days, because of the efforts of the memory goodness, my mother, who has been jealous of me for as long as I’ve known myself… The day Elma had a nightmare and woke up. As soon as waking up, she comprehended how much she actually hates the public. Bosniaks, Turks, Kurds… These were all one to her. They were very beautiful from far away, their cultures were pretty… But from closer they smell like the Golden Horn, stink!
What suppressed that smell in Gezi Actions? Poeticalness? Smell of trees? Holding the stomach, Elma ran toilet in that morning and wrote that poem there. Actually, she led her hatred to the state instead of the people. Because this is more easier. Swearing at the people is really very difficult job.

A robot, who rested against a giant barricade,
Moved an oval mirror that’s slouched from a balcony.
Even as all the birds at the street called out “bomb!”
A cherry was in blossom.
One horse turned into a suitcase on its own.
Four men asked to three men.
One police snuffed some oil.
A child collected the bird shits scattering around in the air.
And in the first light of the day after, 
From a flatter edge,
The same robot
Put the bullets into the governor.

Like blowing up a glass, I blow up myself now making a woman from a nymph. Firstly, of course breasts I firstly blow up, without caring that young randy, who says “Whoa! Look at the girl! Fuckuru…” My hips, pink lips, and boots stretched to my knees. With my best urban mood, I walk after Elma.
There are millions of glances, but all the same, and same rubbings… We are on Istiklal Street. One by one, the anarchists go out of the street of the Historical Galatasaray Turkish Bath. And the Kurds from Tarlabashi, a few Kemalists from Tunnel… And homosexuals from everywhere.
People disgust these hundred demonstrators as if all of them didn’t protest all together in June. But they cannot see that: Around them, there are bad and good, large and small jinn; the huge dragons vomiting hatred, the devils who haven’t chose their sides yet, the gods getting killed by firing squads, and the poets counting kurus coins.
On the top floor in a large commercial building, in an empty room, two jinn stare out of the window with dressed baroque style. One of two says “come on, come on!”, and the other nods negatively “No! I don’t come!” Come on, come on! No way!
“Shoulder to shoulder against fascism!”
This slogan warms everyone inside in, included even perverts in Istiklal Street. But activists are walking alone now. An emptiness, which extends to the shops along the street, surrounds them, but the public do not this. The police and the water cannon vehicles cut the activists off. The pepper gas capsules and the smog… They beat the activists again. The ants are being stepped on silently.
Elma walks through the big mouths that tell everything without seeing anything, some music on her ears, she walks as if forgetting her own folds shaking. As soon as the pepper gas touches on her skin, she turns the fish bazaar. Enters a narrow street and steps slowly, passing by the door of a medieval-looking bar. There is something up! Something what she has heard many times but hasn’t come face to face by now.
Firstly, hundreds of people run away in different directions. And the storekeepers close their shops. Then, five or six men appear in front of her. Sticks and choppers in their hands… “Come on. Chapuller girl. We’ll plunder you nicely,” a middle-aged man says, and approaches her moving the collar of his white shirt.
The other man, who is more randy than previous, stops him saying “I’ll be first,” and raises the chopper in his hand, and runs towards Elma.
Even as he is about to cut her, Elma goes through a door of an old building and closes it. They kick the door, go crazy. She barely controls her shaking feet and hardly climbs the ladders. As the voices decrease, she speeds up and arrives to the top floor. At the latest step, she sits on the last ladder, waiting, holds her amulet, fearing, looks around for something using as a weapon. But she can’t find anything, any stone or piece of crack, to stick their eyes.
At the moment when the silence and calmness give her peace slowly, she thinks about her own death. The same prompting for weeks: Zgon dead. And why should I live? If she died right here, they would talk about her on TV’s that: She has not got married yet, and hasn’t had a child, hasn’t expressed herself with her creativity and quick-wit. Top all, she was beautiful. If she was ugly, we would skip it.
Someone who is young, beautiful, clever would not be dying in the twenty-five-year-old.
If she died, it would be big disaster! Journalists would make her photo from the ashes of her photos, which she burned them one by one. And this same photo would be shown on two minutes’ news. The tsk-tsks would be louder there, and “what a pity”s.
“When I exist, death is not there; when death exists, I’m not.” This cliché has been energizing Elma since Zgon dead. Every word, even if it’s a cliché or is an absurd word like that “a circle which has four sides”, is true for Elma. Because all of them are being expressed by the nature. Everything that gets out of mouths, belongs to the nature. Words, all ideas and everything are natural. Does the nature ever go wrong at any time? If Elma’s weak body is able to take strength from the up word, which is expression of the nature, well, this word is the truest word for her.
Her shaking stops now, she stares out of the little window in the stairwell. By using one finger, she covers the damned sun that splits in her eyes. That boy with shaking knees, who was Elma’s high school friend and maybe her lover once time, the psychic philosopher, comes to her mind now. He had always talked about Spinoza and his sayings about the sun.
If I called Spinoza, would he come now? He would not come because he would be afraid of losing his virtues when he sees my reeling woman body. So I blow out myself and I become transparent as I would not raise even dust. Come to me, you’re coming.
Spinoza: “I’m Baruch. I died because of absorbing some dust of the lens. Nobody knows it.”
Did you come? How I knew that you’ll come.
“You know well, but still you do against what you know.”
How? 
“You know I would come here, however you blew out yourself. Wherever I go, I encounter the same problem. I named the problem: The problem of knowing. In Etika, I gave an easy example to make everyone understand this problem. The sun, I said, it seems very small to us. We approach our only one finger to our eyes and can cover the sun right away, don’t we? But the truth is that the sun is a huge thing, a long away from here, for this reason, it seems little.”
Aye! Well, even the infants also know this.
“In fact, the problem is it. What do we do, although we know that the sun is big? However, we always think as if the sun is very small. The sun causes pain in our eyes at mornings, and it disappears at evenings. Even when we write poems, we treat the sun as very small.”
Speaking of myself, as a nymph, I have never done what you say. When someone talks of the sun, the solar flares and that gigantic thing come to my mind.
“So… Why did you close your eyelids when you talked of the sun, Thalia?”
Did I close? Oh yes, this is a tic disorder…
“The sun would be very small thing, if it disappeared when you closed your eyes that are as small as nail. Wouldn’t it?”
No, that’s not the case! I said I have a tick. Besides, these eyes don’t belong to me. I’m a nymph!
“It doesn’t matter whatever you are. You know the sun is gigantic, however, you do the same thing every time!”
A bad habit…
“This is not a habit! We are exposed to that. There is a something systemically, Thalia. This system makes us do wrong things. Objects and ideas have been so arranged that we have treated the sun as if it is tiny. The mistake or the wrong, what you say, is not simple so. The wrong is not a thing that you can erase it by learning the truth at all. The wrong is a systematic thing. I mean, you are obliged to make a wrong!”
Just a minute, so, you are saying there is a conspiracy, aren’t you? The systems and so on… Elma… She saw something, her pupils are being dilated. What’s she seeing?
“I will say what she sees: At best she can see some meats and a pair of eyes. What else she can see? For example… Can she see the cells, the carbons or everything that generates the person, who is on the face of her? You know someone cannot see whole entity, but you pretend as if she can see it, Thalia!”
Yes, you know that you won’t know the meaning of life in any way, but you do in that way!
“No, no! I overcame those! I’m speaking in the light of the eternity now. I name that: Third kind of knowledge. Only I have this knowledge and so does God.”
So, you are God?
“God is the nature.”
Oh, yes! So, you are the nature?
“The nature is everything. Even the wrong is a part of the nature, so is the truth. For this reason, in fact, there is nothing as wrong!”
Oh, you’re on the air! I think you must shut up! Because here is kinds of different things up now! Hang on…
“I know what’s going there, and what is not. I’m the third kind! I know everything!”
Seriously I said to you that here is something up, get it? And you don’t know any shit at all! For example, do you know the halloumi cheese? The cheese made of goat milk in Cyprus. And I cut the cheese in slices, and then fry each side of it nicely. When the cheese gets a bit cold, I bite some, and I wonder how many calories there are in the eternity.
“What kind of nymph are you? You know all the humanistic things!”
I’m an Anatolian nymph, I scratch my child by my eyebrow, and my eyes pop out from black honeycomb, then I look so hahaha!
Spinoza goes away, but here is something happens badly. The two white shirted men, with the things on their hands, grin standing against Elma. She trembles again, and now closes her eyes. But do the two fascists stop?
“You fucked bear, scared the babe!” the older man says to the other, slaps him. And the older man approaches Elma with the same way to her little girl in his house, in a polite voice, he whispers in Elma’s strained ear: “Don’t be afraid of us. We came to exorcise your demons…”
Elma’s eyebrows are locked, without even breathing, she seals her mouth. The man interprets all these as a flirting, and sends the other man away who slobbers, then shows his teeth as making a pass at her, approaches her quitely, opens his palms and puts them on the wall back of Elma. As soon as he touches Elma by the other hand, there is something up!
Namely, firstly, a sound comes from the wall, before two seconds passed, whole wall breaks into pieces. This fascist man tags along after the wall, and goes splinters on the street.
After that, the other fascist cannot gather his own jaw, and “fuckuru fuckuru” hums and haws, with his very thin neck, he looks through the place of the split wall, because of fearing, he forgets what to do, tries to climb the ceiling and pushes himself down the stairwell, disappears.
Elma opens her eyes now, with the spasm of her ear, she looks through the split wall on the street. “Oh,” she says, sees that the fascist is dead and his blood painted the street. What’s more, the parts of the wall toredown the head of a policeman who was following the activists on the street.
Some people gather, they line up as if drawing the outline of the dead bodies. With the guns in their hands, the police search for the responsible. They see Elma and fire upon her.
With the noise which removes the wax of her ear, Elma leaps back inside. There is no place to run away at the upstairs, she knocks the doors, but no one opens. When she looks through the stairwell, she understands that hundreds of policemen approach her.
They fill the floors and empty the flats. Elma takes a big stone that’s remained of the wall, and sees one head of the policeman who stares up from two floors below. The policeman also sees her and yells: “She is over there. At the top floor!”
The moment Elma accepts that she’ll be held responsible for the goings-on, and she’ll not have any option to give up, in any case, she’ll get out of here being captured dead. Aimlessly, she lets the stone go down emptiness in some way.
The stone puts the policeman’s eye out, and in a panic, he opens fire around him randomly. Policemen die, children split apart, and girders are punctured. The police team shoots her on the shoulder, who has nothing but only a backpack. They shoot till understand that the woman is unarmed.
The goings-on after these are known and the mediatic. They take Elma off with a stretcher and put her in an ambulance that is encompassed by the police vehicles. The hoots, the choruses of “…the hands rising against the police”, the statements of the top men of the security, the soldier martyr’s relatives who just learned coincidentally what’s going there...
…
They lock her in a narrow jail after removing the bullets from her body and bandaging. Yes, also she has a photo on TV now. And also the ugliest and the wildest photo of her. Where did they find the image of Elma? Elma grins wildly on the photo behind a woman, who is about to throw a stone in Gezi Actions.
And how could the image be picked out of thousands of videos that much quickly, and disclosed to the press urgently for the evening news? Although I’ve been witness the events from the very beginning, I even get into a conspiracy. And what’s more, in the photo Elma was imitating the behavior of a hungry friend next to her. They prove a terrorism proof by using the photo… I’m really suspicious that: Do the Turks really exist?
With her body that is said “it’s healthy” by doctors, Elma cannot move in her cell at all. What will she see if she can open her eyes? Six policemen dead, and tens of the apartment residents… A fascist kicked the bucket.
Everlasting discussions are on the TV… Who did this to us? Who was the twenty-five years old Bosniak girl exactly? Why did she do this? The timing is suspect! At the very time, when it has almost come close to the solution of the Kurdish question in Turkey… In truth, this is expected. These kinds of things always happen in Turkey. Politicians decide to take the plunge at one time of centenary, and someone always comes up and sabotages it. The foreign forces and the deep state are on the job as usual!
Because of knowing the truth, the police left Elma alone within these conditions. They never approach her to even take any statement or to investigate. They explain nothing about the event. They left everything to politicians and columnists.
A gazette captioned that: ASALA HAUNTS! Below this, there is a head shot of Zgon, beside him Elma’s photo, which was taken in her fifteen, spottily, and with an ice cream. Voh!

* *

This crazy propeller, that always tears papers in the sky, is turning one more time here. Here? How I can tell... Here, one side is red and the other is beige.
Someone chuckles at the top floor of this universe. And no one, is in the wind, can touch him or her. Elma grew some today. Even she looks like married, with winkled-face. Only the ring is lacking on her fingers. She stares out of the window of the flat in Galata, sees something.
Firstly, a leave moves and runs down the street. Then, some people climb down Istanbul’s hills and streets. They slide along and approach with guns in their hands. They are PKK, in other words, Kurdish guerillas! Hululu!
Elma lives the real version of a dream, that she had been having millions times during her childhood. Now she is experiencing the same things, which is truth as how sweet is “Hacimakule” switheet, with full of holes made by the fork. Her heart shakes her all body just as in the dream, her eyebrows is crooked. As if an earthquake to occur now, she settles at the door sill. The creaks of the wooden floor come from the living room. Is that grandmother Fehima?
“Hey owl! Is that you?” Elma asks, enters the witch room. The room is quite empty. There are no weird herbs at the wall and no Fehima’s bed in its own place. Elma talks to oneself “I think she went to buy the bread again. What will she do with those breads?” Enters the kitchens and casts hundreds of stale breads down, for some reason, she gets very angry, “What for are those breads, nano? You bored me! Enough’s enough!” She yells. Boredly she comes to the living room. What the heck is that!
The rubber shoes, a baggily and green clothing that got muddy by soil, the big hands popping from the pocket vest… With a Kalashnikov on his shoulder and white a dotted silk head scarf on his head, a grinning guerilla man of the PKK, is across to her. Without erasing his murderer and “terrorist” image on the TV, he looks at her.
Elma tried to save her eyes that ran away, she almost knells down. “Calm down comrade,” the guerilla says and continues to keep his popular image. “Your granny is safe hands. When you disappeared, she came to our mountains to seek some blood of owl. Kurdistan is good for her. She is still living there.”
“What on earth do you mean?” she vibrates the flat, “She’s get in trouble? Did you subject to her? Take me her! Get hurry on!”
They get out of the apartment. The people with Turkish flag are everywhere. Elders, officers and little children throw stones to the guerilla. Elma is not affected by these, doesn’t care what’s going, she just enters a street touching Galata Tower. The tower is across her now. In the back of her, the guerilla hits the dirt, and opens fire on the people who still throw stones.
Elma is approaching the tower now. The tower is vibrating as if running into the building around, its cone falls down. Are they the colorless children of Time? No! The grannies with babushkas hang down from the tower’s balcony with ropes. They are very small and very old, but quicksilver, millions of grannies. They scattered around like billions nails falling from the sky, that’s electromagnet is broken. Some grannies hang down by ropes, some enter through the small windows of the tower.
Elma comes close to the door of the tower. All the grannies go out, and open something up for discussion each other: “The real question is not what we should do. This is how we should do.”
What? Elma repeats the same question by herself. Scarcely, she climbs up the stairs that are in the tower’s narrow and low path. The guerilla behind her speaks once more:
“They have something to say to you. But they cannot decide how to say…”
The two come to the balcony of the tower now. A terrible windless weather... There is some restlessness down there. “The invasion of the Grannies,” someone shouts out. There are fire woods at the bottom of the tower, and the small grannies gather around the tower to set fire.
“They’ll burn the tower. Both the tower and you,” the guerilla says and approaches Elma’s falling face, “They decided not to tell the truth to you.”
“Which truth? Why do they hide the truth?”
“The grannies walk in mystery. Who knows why they won’t say to you. If they don’t do it, I’ll say. After all, I have been the same person who has haunted your dreams since your childhood. Yes, yes, your owl dead.”
“How come? No, no! I don’t allow it! I don’t give way that!”
“I’m sorry. She was fascist and racist. However, I’m sorry for you.”
“You lie! Hah! She’s there! Look!”
Fehima actually stands at the door of the tower, is tensed, gathers all the grannies around her. One granny does “hush!”, “Hot advices from the firebug granny. Listen up,” says. Fehima fixes her scarf as usual, then shows a matchbox hiding in her hands, and yells:
“The most efficient diet which I have learnt recently that: The Chaos Diet! For this, firstly go and get a matchbox from grocers. Give the matches away to the poor. But save one for yourself. Don’t forget, only one match! Then… For the livelihood of your children, set this tower on fire with this matchstick, however you like!”
The grannies attack the groceries synchronously all together, buy matches and give them to neighborhoods. As Fehima say, they light the wood that rises at the bottom of the tower, by using the last matches. Despite hardly taking a short break in this windless and low pressure weather, the guerilla bawls from the balcony down:
“I also have an advice for you. Listen up! The advice for the mothers, who can burn their children but don’t allow anybody to speak ill of this tower and of any kind taboo, that: Firstly, light a candle before sleep at night and count to thousand-five-hundred with looking at the candle in your hands. For God’s sake, burn yourself!”
“Dirty terrorist!” The people say with a single voice, looking at him in abhorring and an exaggerated acidity in their mouths. They wave the Turkish flags, just to spite.
“We are burning,” Elma says, “The owl disappeared. Where did she go,” calls out again, but the grannies just watch the burning of the tower from afar.
“The owl is dead, comrade!”
“What comrade? I’m not from the PKK! You are just fibbing: She came to the mountain, cheered up in Kurdistan or so on…”
“What was I supposed to say? Your granny passed away as a terrorist in the invasion of grannies? Was I supposed to say that? With all due respect, the Marxist Leninist Strategy requires that!”
“Why don’t you speak in Kurdish at all?”
“President Ocalan ordered in that way. It is important for us to learn to speak Turkish.”
“Oh yes! They say that he also doesn’t know Kurdish at all. He is a Turkmen, as he says, and the Turkmens had become Kurdish then. He can go down from prison in the Imrali jail so… How would we go down? Be useful!”
“Only HPG can relieve us from the grannies. Little time left. They are coming!”
Elma looks at Istanbul in a perspective that she hardly can be fixed. HPG, namely the armed wing of the PKK, opens fire through the windows of the flats at Istanbul’s hill. The fireballs are tumbling down the hills.
“It will take some time. I get warmer. We’ll be roasted like a chicken soon.”
“Is it bad? You’ll be a flag for the struggle of free Kurdistan. Because you stand by me, they will suppose you are one of us. They will canonize us!”
“Death, death,” she yells, “You know nothing but death!”
“Marxist Leninist Strategy requires dying!”
Elma tours around the balcony of the tower again and again, thinks about something, in the meantime she takes her amulet by handfuls, hopelessly stomps on the ground. She does everything. Skipping with some napkins tied together, praying in different languages, dreaming as “If the tower bends some, I’ll hang down that apartment from the bending side,” running the binoculars on the balcony by using a coin taking out of her pocket. Focusing on a place, in an engineer mode, she tries to count where the tower would bend to. Then she runs, shakes her body, begs, and waves her hands at the airplanes. With the Kalashnikov on his shoulder, with his dresses that balloon themselves, and with his scarf covering his face, the guerilla comes close to her: “I have an idea!”
“What it is? Falling down as a requirement of Marxist Leninist strategy?”
“Close! Let’s fly like Hezarfen Ahmet Celebi!”
“Fuck off! I would say you must take off the clothes and we may make a parachute of them.”
“I’m serious! I had flown in Kurdistan before, many times, by using these arms. But once I had fallen down badly. I couldn’t calculate true angle!”
The guerilla puts down the gun, hangs its belt on his nape, and swings it towards his chest. Then he opens his arms wide like a seabird, picking-a-back Elma, he says: “And a Kurd flies in this way…” He lets himself to sail in the dirty air like a hawk.
So indeed they float, approach the apartment of Elma beyond the street, and sneak over the window of the flat, crossing over the covered dead body of Fehima, they drop in the living room where the tens of women gathered with their head scarfs.
A woman, who knows very well how to cry losing herself, jumps out of her place, and shouts the guerilla: ‘Men could not enter here! Get out! Now!”
“He is a terrorist, dirty terrorist,” another woman says. “Kurdish! Get out of here,” a new bride says swinging her bracelets, and to make up to her mother-in-law, she points Elma as a target!
“No! We must support Elma,” the other woman says, the young girl in the wedding, and now she smiles in the same way again even at a funeral. She picks up Elma and sits her on the sofa.
The other women gather around the knees of Elma, in different tones, they all cry together. All of them remember the more bitter experiences than others, because a human could cry in this way, for the sorrow of another person.
Among this tireless choir, Elma raises her head, scratches her nose, and looks at the women again, the women who simultaneously rock their heads from one side to other, and whose grieving voices gradually become distorted. The lights in the room weave around, and the beige walls mingle everything. Elma lifts her eyebrows. Strangeness over strangeness…
What happens now… With an only winking, the image of the room changes. Darkness falls firstly. Later, the images of penguins that are taken from a documentary appear on the wall. Haha ha, the penguins move exactly in the same way as the women in the room do.
Darkness falls again. Yes, I see Elma grins after a long time. She smiles!
This time the room brightens up with a winking. The beige walls cause despair with their images of the f-type cell. Everything has changed in the room, except the walls. There is a snow pile on the ceiling of the empty room.
The door of the room opens, and Elma and Zgon enter into the room, laughing together. Elma takes some snow and throws the snowballs at Zgon, who shouts as “Will you kill one more Armenian?” After hitting, he falls to the ground. Elma jumps on him. With begging of Hades for the last time, “You do not have to do this,” says Zgon.
Elma pulls his feet apart, and Zgon dies immediately.
She has a guilty conscience, cries beating herself up, but then, she continues doing what she does, with great eagerness of desire for finishing what she started. She puts Zgon’s bloodless feet like dummy over his shoulders. Then, sews the feet to his shoulder with some needle and rope. When she finished it, she covers Zgon’s dead body with snow.
Stands up and turns around, realizes a brown velvet seat, and sits down. Why does she wait for? She waits for those women, who wear head scarves and who are the expert of rituals.
Without making any noise, they enter through the door, gather around the dead body, and think about “What we could do with this stuff?” Then the oldest of them shakes herself, purses her own mouth, says “Come on girls! Time to move!”
Suddenly and all together, they tie their head scarves around their napes. Then surround the body, compose a circle and split their legs around shoulder width, and then they start doing exercise, haha ha!
Elma still sits on the seat. The women exercise and work out with their bellies around. Then lie flat on their backs, take their traditional clove-colored guest plates out of their skirts, leave the plates on their stomachs maybe for letting someone dish up some burghul salad, then raise their feet up haha ha, and pretend they spin the bicycle pedals.
Their moves accelerate and Elma scratches her nose again, their feet speed up. Some pots and pans in Elma’s mind warm up! The women twirl their feet very fast. And Elma can’t stand anymore, bursts into a laugh!
…
Of course, all of this was just a dream. A dream of a messy and terrorist mind, that used all kinds of colors… Elma opens her grinning eyes now.
The light of a street lamp brightens very small place in her cell. For how many days she has been here, hasn’t counted at all. I have been counting four by four: Eighty-eight. As I add four, she is getting better. But sometimes I have wanted to escape from here. For a nymph like me, who is a maniac of the roaming, being locked in jail is an unbearable thing. For this reason I have just started doing things that I have never done. I have just started to smell the chocolate dreams of Elma.
She opens her eyes and closes all day, got rid of the bandages but she doesn’t take only one step in the cell. If she hadn’t the dreams like this, it would be very hard to stand her.
Here she is! She wants to close her eyes again. Or another dream? No, this is enough for today! Stand up! Gnaw on the wall, dig a tunnel, do anything you want, but don’t sleep! She does not sleep because she sees something that opens her eyes widely in the cell!
Boo! This is the guerilla in her dream? In the narrow place some alight, it seems like the guerilla’s shoulder and his gun?
Elma straightens herself up, she must be thinking about the same thing like me: Vahu!
“Are you smiling?” This man asks and shows his face with taking a step. With golden teeth and the face grinning like a jinni, this is the Cigan. “Come on! Time to go!”
The door is wide opened. Elma hasn’t appeared in court yet. What kind of amnesty is this? Is Cigan poking fun? Otherwise, how did he enter in?
“Do you hear me?”
“Yes! How did you get in?” Elma asks, even in this case, tries to stay out of Cigan.
“For God’s sake! What of it? I got inside in some way. More importantly I came to take you. Come on, get up!”
“I’m very fine here. And also I don’t want be shot by a fascist outside. It’s safe here!”
“You’ll come with me willy-nilly,” Cigan says, shows his eyes under the light, “Look what is in my hand? It’s Zgon’s gift for you!”
It is not a gun in his hand, this is a Balkan map wrinkled and drawn with blue pen, marked some places, something is written on it.
“I’ve scrabbled Zgon’s belongings for a few nights. I found that. It’s written on it ‘For Elma. My best regards…’ Serbia, Macedonia, Bosnia… He had written some other names. He had written some places where to look at. I think you had asked for him to do, and so he had started to seek it. What did you ask from him?”
“A picture,” Elma says and gets down on her knees that she hasn’t moved at all for weeks, approaches Cigan, “I had asked him for a picture. This picture is named: The smiling face of cheerful Paulician. Give me the map.”
“Cheerful what?” Cigan speaks with a stammer.
Without answering him, she grabs the map and looks at it under the reflection of the street lamb’s light. “It needs to go and seek the places. He had traced it.”
“The picture? What is the picture? What of that?”
“The picture is the face of an Armenian who had lived in the dark ages. The face of Chaos, I named it. Zgon had promised to find the picture.”
“Oh! An Armenian! Maybe for this reason Zgon was killed. Maybe the lobby killed him? It always serves the purpose for them to kill an Azerbaijani! Is that picture very important?”
“He wasn’t an Azerbaijani!”
“I know, I know. He had told you so. Anyway, why is this picture so important?”
“This picture is very important,” Elma says and her eyes are shining with her thrill.
“So… We will make a tour in the Balkans!”
“It appears so. But… How will it happen? How am I going to get out of here? I killed six policemen.”
“I told you. You are free now. A golden key can open any door.”
Elma doesn’t question this weird case. Does anyone bail a terrorist out with money? How did Cigan get this money? How will the problems of passport and visa be solved? Will she go through borders just like that? Elma doesn’t ask any of these, but she just feels so close to the picture this time, with her puffy cheeks, only one word gets out of her mouth when she leaves the cell:
“I want to see my granny.”
“Don’t ask that from me, please. Without losing any time, we must get out of Turkey. Everything could happen at any time here. And they could clap you in jail again.”

* * *

How nice, what a nice smell! Cigan and Elma are on their way with a jeep, smell the sunflowers and don’t ignore the warning that is written on walls as “There is nothing but the meat for eating in the Balkans!” They pork out some soup and eggplant ragout for the last time at a lousy restaurant nearby the border.
Then they stop at the Turkish border. Who doesn’t need to search a Gypsy under the sun? The Turkish police never need to search, who are experts of the luxury car. Without any police search, they pass the border. Despite his wealth, Cigan goes through a crisis for duty-free cheap whisky. Where is he running?
Waiting his coming back, Elma stares at the Bulgarian side. She first gets out of Turkey, for this reason, thinks like that: “They didn’t lie when they had said there are some people out of Turkey. If The Bulgaria exists, so Europa also exists like that. So there is America in World. What about space? She looks at “The European Union” writing that is on the Bulgarian border signboard. Well, what if Turkey has disappeared while she’s at the border?
Will they pass the Bulgarian border? Of course they will, but firstly they must cross the Bulgarian police’s hand. The Euro is not enough, they even give some cheap whiskies to an officer with a flashlight. Meanwhile the Bulgarian police, who are expert of license plates, hunt six Turkish passengers. Each of them gives hundred euros, so, this Bulgarian works well.
The winds go to Varna, toward the Black Sea. Elma and Cigan hurtle at the Bulgarian highway made of German, pass the straight plains that haven’t hedged yet, without resting in Plovdiv, they come to Sofia where the city has still tried to enlarged at the bottom of a huge mountain. Towards the morning, they roam empty streets of the city, turn on its lightened junctions, and watch around, without worry about why all nomad people have to degenerate sooner or later, understanding Bulgarians have already been Americanized, they split asphalt and take turn to Serbia as soon as seeing the sign of “Beograd.”
That old Chronos sniffs and they get free from Bulgaria, comes to the Serbian border. But they are being sought this time. They run across with an officer, one more gossiper than the others. They tell jokes about the Bulgarians, who are the whipping boys for the Balkans. The two pass the border after a joke I missed, that was ended like “so the day the Bulgarians joined the European Union, an old Bulgarian changed his name.”
Anyway, they enter Serbia. Nish is the gateway to the world, where the blood breaks the fountains flowing in abundance, the blood that spurts from all the chimneys if the church wants. And Nish is the gateway to the world of the music with “kolo” dances that vaporize the blood and glue it to the clouds, and fills the all kinds of veins with gochs and trumpets.
They enter to Nish. Along the way, little Serbian houses that are close to near rivers, forests and rocks, monasteries posited on top of the rocks, and those tunnels winking at the view…
“Dara dara dara pam pam” the trumpets says, it plays the “Gocino Kolo” from Boban Markovic. The jeep enters a tunnel, Elma abstains from those rocks that would never fall on her head. A deep blue sky fills edge of her eye. Then they get out of a tunnel, and someone feels dizzy with a camera in his hands on the Romanian bus behind them. One more tunnel. Elma asks without opening her arms: “Who still throws up that oxidized communist pipes on the grass?”
In a rare place on earth, where the nature and the raping have been linked, in a ghosty border between Serbia and Bosnia, I see them. With the sheets that was dried on the back of pigs, and pillows smelling oil, at a cheap hotel they stayed. Elma and Cigan seem rather vigorously now.
In the afternoon they are in Bosnia-Herzegovina, going through the Drina River. In order to follow them, my tulle body is attached mountains. They follow the “Sarajevo” signboard, and get free from Republic of Serbia, where is as pale as its borders.
In Sarajevo, the two are on the known Latin Bridge placed where the war god Ares once poked an idealistic Yugoslavian, Gabrilo Princip, and made him assassinate Franz Ferdinand, Archduke of Austria. And this was the cause of the beginning of the First World War. After it had cleared that there was no any gods and no Ares, Bosnian people sworn that they would never find any pretext to fight eachother again. However, they did once again.
Elma is leaning out of the Latin Bridge now, watching the flowing of the Miljacka washing blood. Cigan looks at his watch, and sees a young Bosniak man, named Meho, whose name is written on the Zgon’s map. They greet, meet and like each other, walking slowly, and talking too much, coming to the end of the bridge.
“Do you have any place to stay tonight?” Meho asks in Bosnian language. Elma says “ima,” although she cannot make sentences, she knows all short words in Bosnian.
…
Next day Cigan and Elma walk on Ferhadija Street in Sarajevo. The street is crowded again, the cafés are filled. Our two sit at a café and order the Turkish coffee. Cigan secretly points at a taxi. The taxi driver is Meho in camouflage. A middle-aged client gets into the taxi. When he starts the car, Cigan says “Come on! It’s over there!”
At a trot, they turn the street, get into the jeep they have parked earlier. After a few streets, they start following the taxi. I see the taxi enters into a path which is replacing because of the deluge, and around old signs of the 1984 Winter Olympics with full of bullet holes, it enters a forest now. Cigan steps on the gas and overtakes the taxi.
Then he stops the jeep where nobody is in sight, gets off, crushes some pine cones, and takes Elma off the deep forest.
They are in a single-storey house around trees. Elma sits alone in a room. Cigan enters the room, “The court has just begun. Get ready?” Says and disappears at once. Elma enters the living room of the house.
They put up a fake law court in the living room. The client man is fitted at a chair. After a while Meho comes through the door, he is now all in Indian clothes, gets on the judicial bench, and writes something on a paper with his feather pen. In this law court, Cigan is a prosecutor and Elma waits as a jury.
Meho calls out the name of the client in Bosnian: “Sava Markovic. Stand up!”
The man is so confused. He doesn’t know what to do, and turns Cigan, who stands across him. Cigan acts as he would shoot arrows in his hands, frightening the man, stretching his lips, starts to speak:
“Mr. Justice, Mrs. Jury, with the power you granted me, I accuse Sava Markovic of betraying the Balkan culture because of his European outfit.” Haha ha!
“What are you talking about? What the hell is that?” The client man shouts. Elma sits on the other side of him, grinning. But Cigan is very serious, clears his throat, he continues:
“This is just a tiny joke of our high court’s. The real accusation is that: After my long researches, I’ve come to this conclusion that this Serbian man named Markovic aided and abetted the genocidal Chetnik gangs in the Bosnian War.”
“What the fuck are you talking about? I swear I have never done such things!” Markovic objects.
Elma doesn’t capture her own ass because of her thrill. Cigan points at the documents next to him: “There are about thousands of documents here. They are evidence for the things what you did with the genocider Chetnik gangs.”
“Who the hell are you? I repudiate this court!”
“This court has been set up by an organization named ‘No White Man is Innocent, Especially Serbs.’ And this organization has been tracking down the unpunished murderer people like you ever since the war ended in 1995.”
In order to shut up this vociferous man Meho hits the table, “Silence! I give the jury her word to finalize the decision. Mrs. Jury, do you hold him guilty?”
For some reason, without waiting, Elma shouts “death!”
With a diplomatic formality, Meho warns her: “Mrs. Jury, please say yes or no!”
“Yes!” The session is closed!
The man shouts as “Leave me alone. Fuck your justice!” But they ignore it, grab the man by his arms, and drag him down to the basement. The basement of the house is quite large. Inside, there are six people dressed in the traditional Serbian clothes, waiting to dance the traditional “kolo.” In the middle of the kolo crowd, there is a veiled thing. Upon seeing it, the man stops, “What the hell is it, kao kurac?”
Meho gleefully smiles now, “Its name is Kafka”, and unveils it. Under the veil, there is a bed and a machine on it. It writes “Kafka” on the machine. Does the machine handle the name of convicts on their body like In the Penal Colony? Meho tells everything:
“Kafka is a tattoo machine. We tie convicts this bed. We load some images from this computer and start the machine up. You see the needles how they are sharpened. It could handle the body automatically whatever images we want.”
The man read Kafka before, and he can guess what would happen to him, however, he doesn’t fear at all. They tie the man to the bed with some belts that pop out the edges of it. Then undress him and sort out the needles of the machine. Meho points at the dancers around “Kafka”:
“I could explain if you wonder about these people. This machine has a habit. It doesn’t work without music and dance. When the music starts, our friends will have a dance show, which is collated with Balkan culture. But we have to choose the tattoo first. We chose the Chetnik coat of arms for you. Loading it.”
Meho points at the Chetnik tattoo in a manner of marketing expert, and then does something by the computer of the machine. They leave the man on the bed, go and sit on the stairs of the wooden ladders that lean on the wall away from the kolo dancers and almost reach the ceiling. When all systems go, Meho brings out the remote control of the audio system. He pauses before turning the audio system on, calls out the man:
“I forgot to tell you that Kafka is slightly out of order. It sticks the needles a bit. I mean you will be dead by the end of the song, Mr. Sava. God forgives your sins!”
Sava hasn’t been out of breath yet. Maybe for he is a Serb, he puts up a brave front. He stares like he accepts the accusation. Maybe he repeats within that slogan, which associates all Serbians in the world: “I’m not sorry for anything!”
The music starts now, plays “kolo” music from Leskovac locality. The people around “Kafka” begin dancing, speeding up. Kafka really works. Meho, Cigan and Elma watch all happening seriously, rubbing their asses against the wooden ladders. The kolo dancers dancing as if driving their feet crazy at a wedding. The Serbian man is being astonished by that weird, and the needles of the machine approach his body.
Time snores very much in the cone of the tower, it is being heard! Not any torture resembles stirring sugar with tea! The needles approach and his hairs sting himself one by one, sweat droplets blow like balloons, and at torture times all gods leave their believers!
The needles come closer, with the same music this Serb had danced in his brother’s wedding in the last summer. On the big dining table, a pig’s grinning head had seemed to him very cheerful. Who patched his grandfather’s black-white striped vest? Markovic’s mother? His mother had killed herself. As soon as he recalls these, he screws up his face. His mother had hanged herself and the rope was swinging at the little window in the attic at the grandfather’s house.
He makes a grimace pretty, his eyelids swell. He cannot stand it. Does he fear now? Will first needle kill him? As soon as the needles touch him, he can’t stand anymore, and shouts at the top of his voice: “Okay! Oh my! I’ll tell you everything. Stop it, please! Stop!”
Meho turns the music off at once, the dancers also stop. Our three jump to the ground and approach the Serb. He sprays his sweat, breathes excessively and hardly speaks:
“I accept the accusation. I hid them at my home. I gave the Chetniks shelter with my idiocy.”
Meho approaches the man and unties the belts for the man can speak easy. Markovic calms down even if just a bit, relaxing his eyebrows and speaks:
“But do you have any idea what happened after? Of course, you are not interested in this. The Bosnian children were killed and the Sarajevo was riddled. But what happened to me? And to my family? My family… The Chetniks killed my wife. Bastards! She was pregnant… Then they removed the baby from her womb. They removed the baby piece by piece, pulled to pieces!”
The bastard images in Elma’s mind… The images pass through each sighted eye… In front of the lined-dotted, pastel colored, sport wearing images, and of the cameras with videocassettes, people who was killed by gunfire!
Not through broken bricks, by not those puffy-ass televisions, I had watched the war through the big cloud collecting blood. I, namely Thalia, who once upon time had been interested only comic sides of everything. Through the clouds I saw the issues which they separated. Religion, sect, race, border violations and freedom… All these were nothing. They separated in the other thing. Beyond the all things explicated for understanding why the people had separated, I saw real separator for the murderers. This is the creativity.
What I did see, I saw the creative murders. For example, what separated a Serb from a Bosniak? Religion? No! It was the gang rape in Bosnia. After cutting young women’s genitals, killing them. Namely: To create a new concept “raping like Serbs.”
What about Croatians? What separated a Croatian from a Serb in the war, Catholicism? No. It was arraying Serb people, young and old alike, and by using different sixteen hammers, blowing the people’s brains out, and then throwing them down cliffs!
As to the separator thing of a Bosniak, what was it that, innocence? With the name of Allah, pulling Serbs’ heads from their bodies, and then playing football with these cut-heads. I mean: To create a feeling, an emotion…
Maybe because I’m not a human, I saw only that in the war: This is creativity. I think that the creativity is not a bloodless possession at all. And not all the atom bombs are the roentgen.
I’m seeing now that Markovic cries in the vast basement floor. Like others, Elma also doesn’t take pity on him, she rejoices as “Nothing has over yet, there are many things what I will see.”
As to the Serb, he speaks sobbingly: “Why did they do that to me? And to my family? Why? I’m a Serbian, so are my wife and my baby… Damn it! Ko ih jeve sve! Fuck both all the Bosnians and Serbians! My life has been ruined!”
Strongly Cigan looks straight at him in the eyes, in the most savagely mood that frightens a human: “Who cares the war! You did whatever you wanted! We are interested in the picture. You know which picture it is.”
“Which picture, which?” Markovic shoots and nods. To imitate the Paulician face, Meho stretches his mouth and smiles. Slowly the Serb closes his eyes got bloodshot and speaks distinctly:
“You are searching for the Paulician. I’m sorry I sold it.”
“Whom?” Shouts Elma, in the mood of a torturer policeman.
“I don’t know his name. But he lives in Skopje, in Macedonia. He is a professor. I don’t know even his address. He was a slim man, and about his forties. For want of a better word… He looked like an ox, when viewed from a certain aspect. This is not a joke. Yes, as you know, he is an ox!”

* * * *

Time passes. Is Time falling down the cone of Galata Tower finally? Yes, Prigogine proved that Time falls down and goes in the same direction, and in returns he always requires a visa.
Jee! They still require the passport in this century. What year is it? Meanwhile, how many centimeters has the humanity got longer?
Meho, Cigan and Elma go to Skopje, Macedonia. Cigan drives the jeep, and Elma stops the Slonovski Bal’s music at the end, which has been playing twenty-eight times.
“Yoy, that was maniacal! Too much… No need the court and the torture. Why didn’t we put pressure on him and just ask about the picture?”
“It was Meho who planned all we did. He is a person of the performer,” Cigan says, and scratches his palms with the steering wheel, takes off the sunglasses, “It is not easy to make a Serb speak. They don’t speak via any torture. You must aim below the belt and probe their private lives to affect them. If they are affected once, they will speak of everything. Things don’t work via only the torture.”
Elma looks at the back seat and sees Meho who sleeps, and then she turns her position on her seat: “I don’t know what to say. I don’t expect it. I think you wasted your time and effort. How can we find the professor in all Skopje? What was that? He looks like an ox, from a certain viewpoint…”
Cigan beats a fly on his wrist who doesn’t move away in any way. “There is a remedy for everything,” he says, grinning as always, “Don’t worry your head about it. Actually Skopje, it is not as big as you think. I know the people who work at universities. We’ll have been roaming the entire city for one hour, and find that ox ha-ha! Enjoy yourself. Welcome to Balkans!”
Meho jumps out of his skin, hits his head to plastic ashtray at the car door, swears. Cigan points at the giant cross on a hill.
Then… I see them around the Bit Bazaar (junk market) where the Muslim people are living in Skopje. The three walk and enter Turkish Bazaar, without noticing the moving-cobblestone pavements, they watch the stores and the people worn sunglasses. In the bazaar they get in a street where is full of cafés.
A young Macedonian woman waits for them at one of the cafés. I know her with her drag-footed. Since the day a racist bullet injured her foot when she joined a meeting to make peace between Albanians and Macedonians fighting in early 2000’s, she has never worn any cross. For about five months she has focused some metallic objects by her eyes, and believed that she would deform the chemicals by looking so in rows. I think she has still considered that the world would change.
This woman hugs Meho and Cigan, and winks at Elma. Her name’s Gabriela. She scatters the sketches and photos on the table. All together they look at them. Gabriela points at a paper that’s full of sketches of a special mirror now, “That is the mirror. It is quite expensive. If something happens to it, I will be wiped out!”
Elma looks at one of the photos. In the photo, there is a portrait of Tito and the mirror mentioned by Gabriela. Tito’s majestic image is reflected in the mirror in a funny way: He seems to be dancing naked with a globe in his hands. Where from did she get that mirror?
“Gabriela works with a magician,” Cigan says in Turkish. Gabriela smilingly turns to Elma, holds her hand, in the Macedonian language that is some parallel to Serbian-Bosnian, but relatively is rude, she asks Elma, supposing like all Macedonians that “All the world knows Macedonian language.”
“Are you having fun?”
I guess Elma understands her: “Yes! Sta kazes sve razumem, ali nema govor.”
Like many migrant children assimilated, bones-counted and thrown the others’ national ceremonies, Elma also learned to express how to tell that she can’t speak in her mother tongue.
“We will have enormous fun in a short while,” Gabriela says, turns her eyes away, and is being harassed by a bearded Arabian tourist, who has never seen any décolleté in his life.
They stay in silence, and suddenly it is being broken, but by not any fire bullet. Elma wants to ask something, but she gives up after thinking how to ask it in Yugoslavian, turns Cigan. Is she ashamed because she doesn’t know her mother language? In the moments like that, she always looks like a Turk: “What the fuck will we do with this mirror?”
Cigan gulps once because the glance of Elma almost rends his liver. As if his eyes are riddled by his own eyelashes, Cigan looks so. His hands shake and he even can’t open his lips gummed. He is so impressed by Elma’s very normal glances, that even can’t attract a cat’s attention. Hardly, he turns Gabriela, and instead of in Macedonian, asks the question in Turkish!
Of course Gabriela can’t understand it. Elma grins as if rolling down a mountain.
At the next table, A Macedonian says something to his girlfriend: “Marx was right and Lenin too...” No, he doesn’t say it, but he tells why wants to go to South Korea to have education of cinema.
Cigan is so ashamed, in a mood that he wants to curl up and die, translates the question.
“I have two more mirrors. With the mirrors we’ll find your ox. We’ll put one of the mirrors at the philosophy faculty of Kiril Metodi. I think the ox is a historian. I saw many historians like him, who are off their heads as going far away to collect some pictures like that. According to my suggestion that historian walks across the Stone Bridge every morning. They enjoy it like that, I know very well the historians. As to the mirror: It has a high capacity memory. It’ll copy images of many people. By the force of a program, the mirror will present us the different views of the images in the certain views. Whoever he, if he is even a blind, a human will be affected while passing by the mirror. No one can pass so without looking at the mirror. And the mirror has another feature. It throws flakes a chip within it at who focuses the mirror. They are the nano flakes. No one can realize them. By this means, if we find your ox, we would follow his place,” Gabriele says and drinks the sloppy Turkish coffee.
Elma opens her eyes widely, once upon a time she studied all techniques about the comedy, and she accepts that now: This is an excessed technology. However, she is so hopeless. If not the man was a historian?
The young Macedonian man at the next table, looking the dictionary in his hands, swears an Albanian waiter’s ancestry in Korean. And there is nothing up!
…
Which one of the days is more higher than others?
Dressed in overall, Gabriela and Meho pass through the Stone Bridge that is situated in the middle of Skopje, with relatively slow steps carrying a giant mirror.
A young man in a leather jacket approaches the mirror, looks at his own reflection, and stops. Looks again, his nose seems gigantic. Gets surprised, cannot believe what he see and takes another look in the mirror. This time the color of his nose seems different. He shouts complicatedly, runs away.
One step, two steps, a young woman with a belly piercing approaches and looks unwillingly at the mirror. Her bare stomach seems puffed up. Changing the color of her face, she waits across the mirror, by holding her stomach, looks at her reflection again. The piercing gets smaller. She is about to cry and to beat Gabriela. Whose horizon is enlarging?
“I am sorry, but you are indeed over-weight,” Gabriela says to her. The woman comes unglued and swears graves, runs away.
Elma and Cigan sit at a café by the Vardar River over-looking the Stone Bridge. Cigan turns on his laptop and checks the videos coming simultaneously from the mirror. With the help of the settings of the mirror, the altered versions of the normal images are redirected to the laptop. There is nothing remarkable. Elma grows bored.
“Look at the weirdo! Have some fun!” Cigan says. With a tired mood of looking at thousands of people, Elma is approaching the river now, looks the Bridge. “How many days passed? This is getting very boring. It is so absurd. I think this man is not a professor. Here it is, the police came.”
There is a crowd around the mirror, because a policeman waits near the mirror, asks something about goings-on. By opening one eye, he looks in the mirror. The other eye cannot see anyway. He approaches Gabriela, “We received complaints about you!” Why?
“Because of the mirror… It annoys the people.”
“You annoy me too. But do I complain?”
“Look Mrs…”
In fact, the policeman looks himself in the mirror, taking a step around the mirror, getting above himself, turning his head right and left, “Is the mirror normal?” He mumbles.
“Yes. As you can see,” says Gabriela, moves her own shoulder, “We are carrying it into our store. You put off us in spite of help. It’s a dead weight,” she calls the policeman to humanity.
“Just a minute,” Elma shouts now, swarming around Cigan, “Stop this image!” He stops. “No, you passed it, get back. You missed! Okay, play again.” Cigan grins badly because the policeman watches himself in the mirror. While the policeman sees himself as normally in the mirror, the video is being altered with the help of the mirror. In the altered video the policeman is seen like a sumo wrestler, wearing a Napoleon hat.
“Skip him. I saw a head there, behind. We must catch him,” Elma says excitedly.
Cigan hardly catches what she wants. Yes, there is an ox head! And sure enough, he is an ox, not only from a certain view, but from every point of view.
“Do you see him? So, the mirror threw the leaks at the man? How can we find him?”
It had thrown the leaks. The man walks a street where is the other side of the Vardar and the Macedonians living. He goes fast, he must be in a car.
Cigan and his friends gather at once, they suppose that he is going to Ohrid. Without waiting the evening they move on.
…
All together they are in the jeep to go to Ohrid. Effetely, Gabriela asks in Macedonian: “Do you like it? From what I hear that you involved in the comedy once.”
“No!” says Elma in Bosnian, turning to Cigan, who drives the jeep again, asks him to translate for Gabriela:
“Men whose noses change colors, women with puffed-up bellies… I don’t like these. Then, showing all this to the public and having their favors… How can I say… Comedy through disproportionate bodies and abnormal videos should be left.”
“But,” says Gabriela, at a little mirror, making up, “There is no other standard but the public. We have to make the public laugh. This is the necessity as old as the history of humanity.”
“Why is that? Why we have to make the public laugh? If you want to be a public clown, then count me out! If you want to make the society laugh, you should be as dreadful as they are.”
“She is speaking as someone joined the Gezi Actions. For your kind attention,” Cigan says in a voice of the frog, in his own way he needles her, he wants to finger Elma as someone who is campaigning for the public in spite of the same public.
Elma doesn’t shut up: “The most important side of Gezi actions was leaving the door open for everyone. The actions were included this ordinary mass of the public, and allowed their expressions. It also allowed the creative existences. The Gezi actions were not only the movements of ordinary people.”
“Yes,” Gabriela says, “We watched you with admiration. Some tried to do the same actions here but failed. I had wanted to be there when I’m watching TV. In Taksim… But I don’t understand why you are so enemy of the public. What were you in that action, in that park? As a one of the people, am I right?”
“Yes… But I understood in the park that I must get free from my case. We are minority in Turkey. I mean as Bosniaks. What’s more important: I’m also a minority among the Bosniaks. And as a woman, I am another kind of minority. To my surprise, I have just been a best minority, best exception. After years, I have learned that in the park. I’m all alone on the earth! They had taught us to be a public or a nation since our childhood. But in the Gezi, I saw the other publics and nations in truth. And the other minorities among these nations… Chaos causes everything to be messy. And we still try to express all this by using only one word. One public or one nation… Dirty end of the stick that: Most people live like that, getting caught up in it, they still act with the culture of lynch. For this reason, I hate the public! Because when the public laugh at something, they also kill it!”
Without nodding, they keep quiet so. Meho follows the place of the ox-headed professor by using his tablet. GPS values of the man are quite immobile. He must be settled in a village or sleeping.
Despite his tired eyes, Cigan continues to shine like a jinni at the rearview mirror. Gabriela finishes making up and with only one action closes the lid of the little mirror. Combing her hair back, looks Elma in the eye in a Lesbian mood, and asks: “What shall a comedian do? In spite of flattering the public?”
“A comedian needs to do something else! Firstly the comedian should reach out to the people who oppressed by this monster public. They always say, ‘the public is oppressed!’ But there is another side of the story: There are people oppressed by the public itself. For instance, the people who are being persecuted in the local coffee house conversations, and being humiliated in the small talks of streets. I sense that those people exist at in the back rows. Not all of them, just some. Maybe one or two persons… The comedian should reach out to those people.
“For this reason, the comedian should be brave and be alone, and should turn the back on the public. Do you understand me? There are people who needed to be free from the public! For this reason, the comedian should do something that can overflow its banks. The overflows should grow into floods, and while the majority deals with the flood, the comedian would free these special people from the majority.
“But, can a comedian do that alone? I have thought about it many times, I have carried many experiments. I have prepared tests that the public can understand. And finally I have realized that truth: Chaos… A comedian should instigate Chaos in order to look into the cracks of this disgusting concrete jungle called the public. Instead of that kind of comedy, which supposedly brings the public together, a comedian should do something that smashes everything, but everything! What we call as laugh, it should no longer be innocent!”
Voh! What will change if all these happen? Would the guerillas go to the cinema? Would children eat candy? Will Chaos laugh? What will happen?
Oh Chaos, who always fills wardrobes with moths, and makes everything mess together with its earthshaking anarchic chuckles! In your dude aspect, will you able to smile too Chaos? Leveling with the ground, you were not able to think that one day Zeus would be derived from the core of the dust which you kicked up? I start to outspeak again! More vodka!
O Chaos, you were not able to know that one day Zeus would breathe, who scared the shit out of you, writing “the state” on his spear. And having Apollon, who was a Zeus’s most faithful policeman in his system, Zeus made him read that curse “Be demolish you, Chaos! We send you beyond Oceanus!” This Zeus blessed your fake brother Cosmos, and sipped the potion nectar of immortality from the metal cups that he made it of the black matter, and gave feasts of Ambrosia in honor of your losing!
On Earth, where you once tried to expand like a verb springing up at every suspicion, by using everything whatever produced by humanity in the name of the system; on Earth, I mean in this damn place, where you are still waiting surly for taking revenge… Will I have to make you laugh too on Earth?
…
This is Ohrid. The four stayed in an expensive hotel that runs along the lake of Ohrid, like a dead. And now, they are in an Albanian’s restaurant to eat a pastry named Filija, they wait for the old place owner.
This Albanian makes a paste wait for in a while, fermenting it with yoghurt and cream. After lighting the wood, he puts the paste in a tray, and then covers the tray with a big sheet metal that is some curved and filled with cinders upper surface. Finally he cooks it about three-four hours.
They eat like crazy and slump like a blown ball, they hardly pile into the jeep, step on the gas after bribing each policeman ten euros on the road. And they stop in front of a hill which is the funniest among others.
They find an old monastery embedded into the hill. There is no one selling tickets.
The first floor of the monastery is doorless. It must be remained from ancient people. Its each side is carved. There is a hollow to pray on the floor. And another hole shaped like fetus to put the dead in. A carved ladder for going upstairs.
“Are you there, Mr. Ox?” Cigan says in Turkish, they come to the second floor. This place also is carved, but by an artist at the point, the wall is handled with the weird symbols, and candles are putted around. The candles have just lit and unmelted. They all together walk and keep going to scrape the slipperiness of the rocks. This place also is small, they come to the end of the floor, and seek if there is any other hole or ladder to go upstairs, pull out the candles to set light to dark areas.
They resound with a Macedonian voice as “Welcome!” And the owner of voice! A man in a cream-colored and baggily dress, covering his head like a monastic of medieval, comes stretching his shades. As he approaches, they understand he is the man resembling an ox.
“Anyone hasn’t come here for years,” he says.
“We won’t hurt you. We’ll just ask a question,” Cigan says.
“With your eyes, young man, you can hurt anyone, but not me and not this woman either, cannot you?” he says. Stretching his own ox-faced shade this time, he speaks: “My name’s Ilija. Forget that I’m a professor. I’m a priest of Bogomil. So many people came here in the past. My father had been cleaning their souls. There were many people who were curious about the universe. But now, there is no one. I haven’t any follower. My own students are disinterested. Why did you come here?”
“For a picture,” Gabriela says, and with her shadow, she shuttles so without making up, “You had bought the Paulician’s picture from a Serb in Bosnia.”
“The Paulicians!” Ilija shouts, he must be cold with a kind of wind which no one feels it, so turning his eyes, he covers his thin head again, to get warmer he approaches others with one step and roars again:
“The Paulicians! Oh my god! Do you know who they were?”
“The Armenians,” Cigan says while he is losing himself in the eyeholes of Ilija, who is also asking that: “Were they just Armenians?”
“I know!” Elma says both in English and Turkish, continues to speak as if opening Ilija’s eyebrows:
“About in 7th or 8th century they came up in Sivas, where is in the middle of Turkey now. They were believer of an idea. The idea was synthesized with Manism originated from the Persians, and Christianity. They refused the cross, the churches, and to resign all the pressure of the states. They believed in God and Satan at the same time, and believed in the world created by this two. They most believed the human soul. They didn’t eat animals so that they may transform into human. They were peaceful and living as anarchists.”
“Get over it, daughter, get over it! Well, what happened then?” Ilija asks, by using all the shadow shows he learned, throws dust in everybody’s eyes:
“I’ll tell you what happened, daughter. They couldn’t stand these people, who were blessed with freedom. Neither Byzantine could stand them nor Europa. The Paulicians spread around Anatolia and all people, grew stronger, taught the Anatolian publics how to live without a state in those years. They taught Turkish nomads, mountainous Kurdish, peasant Armenians, Georgians who went down like ninepins, pedant Persians… To everyone whoever was oppressed... They grew stronger so extend over to Istanbul! But Byzantine killed all of them, beat them back to Sivas and slaughtered all Paulicians, demolished their castles in Divrigi, and then led some survivors to Syria and Armenia. But the Byzantine was so scared of Paulicians, brought them to Plovdiv in Bulgaria, in order to keep them under control.”
“Is the picture in Plovdiv?” Elma asks in a thrill, splitting her own meat at her fingers.
“After years,” the professor says, “They had been assimilated. However, in some way they became effective here, in this Illyrian land. The landlords were unable to sleep because of them. The Paulician had planted the verb of freedom once! The communities in the Balkans were affected by the ideas of the Paulicians, and they saw it as their expression of the struggle for freedom. The rulers of Byzantine and Serb, Bulgarian church… All the powers attacked Paulicians and the publics who were sick of the oppressions of the churches. A priest showed up himself during that time, who was affected by the ideas of the Paulicians. His name was Bogomil.
“It said that he was a Bulgarian and first appeared in Bulgaria. I think he manifested himself here, I mean right here, where we are on the ground now. Was he a Bulgarian, or Macedonian? I think he was a Macedonian. But what would it matter? He was the man loved by God. It was the 10th century. Bogomil had awesome ideas which were screaming the place down. He was saying what the people wanted to hear, the people who had just been used to freedom ideas of Paulicians: The peace, the freedom, the city of God! Anarchy! I mean, Bogomil was a Paulician in the Balkans. He spoke, and when he kept silence, the people rioted. The Paulicians joined them too. All of them tried to establish the heaven in the land, where was washed with blood.”
“You mean… The picture is here?” Elma says impatiently, she is about to melt the cave.
Ilija comes to stop for a while, and then continues: “I don’t have it. Hold your horses! If you don’t want to listen to me, so listen to the wind that hits your back. You have to first learn to chill if you want to look at the picture!”
What would Elma do? She only shuts up, but cannot feel that wind.
The professor opens his arms and passes his hands to the black spots which are rid of the light of the candles. Turning the head in the direction of the right hand, and then other hand, as if he speaks with God and the other side with Satan:
“They killed! As it always has been, they deleted the people! They stepped on the most beautiful flower that had ever blossomed on the damned land. Orthodox! Then Muslims! One by one, they walked all over the public! But the effects of Bogomilism expanded to all Europa. Their ideas arrived in Spain and France. It took effect in Bosnia, mostly. The Bosnian ruler, Ban Kulin, was a Bogomilian. He kept his country with an unprecedented peace and welfare.
“Despite all these wars, Bosniaks have still kept this Bogomilism in their souls. What about Paulicians? While the powers bulldozed through the people, the survivors of Paulicians settled in villages. Some became Bulgarian and some became Orthodox. And some Paulicians persistently had kept their Paulician’s souls and were killed. The ruler of Ottoman loved the Paulicians before Byzantine was demolished. He had saved them time after time. But afterwards, heaven knows why, the same Ottomans relegated them to the Danube, in the district of Banat, in Vojvodina.
“The place is between Hungary and Serbia now. The picture you seek, daughter, is there. There is a small town named Pancevo. You must go to a village near Pancevo. They call this village ‘Babuni.’ They who are living there are Orthodox now. But among them, there are some people who keep the Paulician traditions. Transkovac… It is the name of a young man, who came to take the picture from me. He tries to live like the Paulicians, like his ancestry. He has the picture. Remember, his name is Transkovac.”
“Did you see the picture?” Elma says, as if running from ten meters, approaches and stops at the point where Ilija took a breath one before, looks into his eyes. Without moving at all, he speaks:
“Yes! I saw! I’m not sorry to see it. When I looked at the picture, I saw the scary and at the same time appeasing expression of Chaos, on the smiling face of the Paulician Armenian, who was gray-haired at his young ages. The day I saw the picture I couldn’t sleep. The day I saw the picture I lost my child and my father. The day I saw the picture my wife left me, cursing. And I bound myself to this cave. At first I regretted, ate my heart out. But I’m not sorry now.
“For this reason, I recommend you to see the picture. You won’t regret, I can see that through your eyes. You will do it, go and see. See how your little world will upside down, and finally how it’ll be in a messy-order again. If you didn’t learn that in your life, you’ll learn that via the picture, daughter!”

*****
Although the jeep’s shock absorbers broken, they keep on going. But this time they put off Meho and Gabriela. Elma and Cigan enter the Belgrade, where all those Balkan massacres were planned at one time. What remained here from the big deluge?
The two are passing near Starigrad (the Old City) now. Everywhere is adorned, there is some snow. Time is about Christmas, or it is high time Christmas. Where are those little children with their red foulards, who were once waving greetings the Mercedes of Tito? O Time, o Time who is drowned by invectives in the Tower’s cone… Everything passes very fast. Who remembers the communist oaths once sworn at the white fountain? I remember the fascist football hooligans who were swinging their three fingers at the same fountain, when Tito had just dead.
And now, I’m jumping from the “Beograd” writing adorned with lights and written in the Cyrillic alphabet, and hasn’t still fallen down an old building. And I perch on the cross of the White Church that sermonizes every year, taking of its job and preaching as “Death for Homosexuals!”
I ask you: Oh the White City, had you waited for NATO to sell your all property to big trademarks, which you had kept from the Nazis, am I right? The monks are running to the toilets!
Elma and Cigan enter a flat with view of the Church of Saint Sava. The carton boxes are being opened, with spinach and with potato pastries are being eaten. Cigan sits on a couch and via the internet he looks at the place where Babuni village is on the map.
“A revolution may happen here tonight! Don’t consider this silence,” he says.
“What revolution? I wish we’d first take the picture. And then we would celebrate the revolution!” Elma says and stuffs the pastry.
Cigan: “Serbs look very angry now. Like in Turkey, also the crisis arises in Serbia. But the people here don’t sleep so easily, I think.”
“As a Bosniak, they will feed pigs with me. A minority always is a minority after all!”
“They have no time to deal with their hostility of Bosniaks. Look how they discuss in forums. They say: We’ll find Yugoslavia tonight. What a great day we came here!”
“Are you serious?” Elma says and gets up fastly, looks at a video opened in the laptop. A man, in a green costume, grins and calls out to the people at the train station:
“I am the Otpor jinni. I call the all world to revolutionize! Not an Otpor jinni only calls people, but also organizes lobbies, makes the secret aims real. Prepare for tonight comrades! I have just arranged everything. Greetings from here to all Balkans and to the people of the middle-east! To Iran, Bosnia, Athens, Istanbul, salute! Tonight we’ll finish this job, youth! Sloboda! Hurrah!”
…
Who is exaggerating? The night time, a woman, is almost completely naked, shouts at the top of her voice, “I fucked with Satan because he promised me for the revolution!” She ceaselessly exaggerates.
On the long and crowded Prince Mihailova Street, Elma and Cigan are walking. Tonight all Belgrade is waiting for the Bozic, everyone set their watches at twelve to make love with the state.
Women and men, trances, lesbians, rapists, innocents, murderers and victims, everyone drinks like mad. The people pop out from every street and snoozes in the all holes. Some hunt tourists at back streets, some harass women. For two thousand dinars Santa Clauses kick each other’s asses. The stars aren’t enough, and now electrical wires are exploding!
Off to one side Cigan breathes in Turkish: “What the hell time we came here! Look at that weirdo! With the name of Allah I’ll bang him up hah!” With a stick on his hand and in a Milosevic costume, a middle-aged man hits Cigan’s bald head ceaselessly. And Cigan is kicking him now.
A voice is heard, a ding-dong! And then hundreds of screams! Rioters, from Otpors to Chetniks, from students to teachers, to retired people who throw the sweet yeast breads at the police to protest the inflation, hundred thousands of people at streets!
Even the monks are telling of “the needlessness of a state” now frankly.
What’s going on? About the Mihalio Statue, some trumpets are being blown. In a crusader dress, a fascist artist swings Serbian flag. Police use pepper gas on protesters, Hungarian Gypsies play violins, two old drunkards approach some peers horny.
What’s going on? In parks some openly serve out drugs, Japanese count historical paving stones, in the bright dresses some homosexuals walk. A secret queer ridicules "Beograd je peder," and at the same time, a masculine is being actualized now. That old Time is being virtualized at Space, who is kind of pretty élan vital.
What stands so there? The flagpoles still stand at their places, trumpets, screams, slogans, dances, everything is intertwined with each other. One singer gathers thousands of people and gives a concert alongside of Danube, and nods his bald head. Why is he still wearing the cross?
Fireworks! Trains are sparkling, a giant frame is spreading from the noise. It is nondescript! The big and white church is burning now. With its most conscienceless mood, the church’s burning, burning with its history consisted of killing people, fiercely!
“If there is no respect for humanity, there is no respect for God!” some says that, and is hunted by a sniper of the state.
Who sobers up and who dies, and who cares how many people harass Elma even in that revolutionary atmosphere? A spread of flame, bigger than the previous, in the building of parliament. All the Serbia, except Wahhabis in Novi Pazar, has been almost jammed in Belgrade. They hang ministers in front of the parliament building. Yes, seriously, they hang!
“Gde si Tito?” someone says and opens fire the police. The army is withdrawing. An anarchist cleans the floor up with the prime minister, passes through people who once voted him in past, drags the prime minister by pulling his necktie, hitting him with the flagstones.
It is very late to be astonished, because the anarchist sweeps the president away! He shouts again and again, and he shouts like crying, sweeps: “You are coal black, Yugoslavia!”
A coin is rolling at a narrow street, and a blue phone box remained from 80’s is turning around itself. While the Romanies of Belgrade are collecting garbage with their weird cars remained from the fifties, Elma is watching a nylon bag floating air. Cigan is drunk next to her, and the two learn the truth from a Serb who was about to die:
“The truth, what you say, is a lightning; it suddenly appears and is short-lived!”
The communists burn all the Serbian flags that they could find, and make cigarettes of the ashes, then enter to Kalemegdan trailing Elma and Cigan. The two find a bench, where its view of the point Danube and Sava Rivers come across, and they sit, feeling dizzy with the revolution and vodka. They look at the foggy landscape in the first hours of the new Yugoslavia. Cigan draws a parallel between the view and the Golden Horn, “Do you miss it?”
Elma just nods without caring the carrion smells of the Golden Horn. Cigan leans back, “We’ll take your picture. And then let’s stay in Budapest for a few days. Maybe there will be another revolution ha ha! Wherever we go in, a revolution there! What the hell is that?”
Elma even doesn’t listen to him, closing her eyes, tries to come to herself. Cigan collects his scattered mouth: “Let’s stay in Novisad firstly. We would listen to some Gypsy music. Od şjlive rakije we would drink. This is one hour from here, near.”
Elma half-opens her eyes, looks at Cigan seated next to her, and suddenly she is being alienated: “What are you doing?”
“Living life with you!”
“Why are you living with me? Who am I? Why do you always follow me? You spend all your money for me! Who are you? How do you find that much money? You’re opening all doors. You took me from jail and got here. What’s your aim?”
Cigan makes no noise. Elma gets more angry: “Who were they, Meho, Gabriela? Are you an organization? And that map in your hand? Where is it? How did you reach out that map?”
“The map belongs to your Azerbaijani, Zgon…”
“Who is Azeri? He was an Armenian! Do you know him really? Say something!”
Cigan keeps silent and stands up, walking slowly and spitting on the ground. He looks like pretty shy, and pretends as if listening to the versions of the Bella Ciao rising around.
“I’m a robot, Elma,” he says and goes on, “And you are a cloud. Before it’s too late, hold my arm!” He grins very dirty!
Elma also stands up, “Say something! Why are you doing all this? Why did you get me from jail? For that I want the picture like a mad, hah?”
“Don’t get on me, Elma. My breast hair is growing longer, the flowers are blooming and bees are buzzing. At mornings I get into a flap, my girl, and I couldn’t find any edge where I would pick my nose.”
“You’re full of shit! I even don’t know your name at all. Cigan? Is that a name? Who are you? Why do you follow me? Go away now! Get off my back! From now on the rest my business. I’m alone now. Go back your house! Have you got any house or family?”
“Tie me around a street lamp, kiss me by now the cat hasn’t just waked up! Ha ha!” He still behaves like a drunken and drops the bottle down from his hand.
Everyone around falls into sleep, some of them still insist on keeping awake and try to remember the old partisan songs. With one glance, Elma catches a bird in the air and calms down some. In fact Cigan is ashamed, his tongue is tied. He draws a circle with little steps.
Time oozed out from the top of Tower to Sishane…
And now Cigan gathers his courage, approaches Elma: “Because I love you, Elma!”
He loves? Elma heard him well, however, she feels that there is lacking of something, waving her eyebrows, and looks at Cigan. But he is very brave now, doesn’t need drunken mimics: “I love you, yes!”
“Do you love me so much?” Elma says, but doesn’t know what to say and bullshits like me: “Don’t you have any shame?”
“What? How come!” Cigan shoots, his hands sweat.
“The world is turning! Look over here! It is turning. The sky… When was the last time you looked at the sky? Tell me!”
What’s the connection? Well, who looks at the sky and who isn’t ashamed of the sky? Is only Elma looking among of the clouds in this world where everyone deals with the perineum?
“I learned to look at the sky through the little window in my prison cell,” she says, “Imagine the electricity has just gone off in the world.”
So indeed, everywhere is being painted, fly images on the river are being erased, because Belgrade is getting dark, electricity is gone. Some more raki and some more revolution! The huge stars now go appear, and also the Milky Way that is always in motion in the sky. Elma becomes a human and speaks now humanely:
“Look at this! Everything is on the go. They never stop. Like the sea. Follow one of them. Follow that one’s move? Follow mate! Try to feel its move. Follow! And now try to hear your own body. Your own move…”
Cigan is fascinated with something sliding in the sky, which is dying, without hesitation he follows it but loses. But as soon as his love came back to his mind, Belgrade is brightening again:
Elma says: “There is a huge universe. It dissolves, gathers together, and dissolves again. Can you feel this? You’re still talking about the love! What the hell do you want to do with no shame?”
What does Cigan want to do? At a lightless shore of Tenedos, he wants to have a love, picking karalahna, what’s a kind of red grape, and he wants his arms and hands to be eroded while kissing in the middle of the wind. He wants many things in this world as a Gipsy, he wants to make Lizards roam very fast, and to make quails settle in ears, he wants to get old fastly, as even a Romany, while the clove at his antitragus hasn’t dried yet.
So he suffers under Elma, but keeps talking:
“I love you! Even standing by you is enough for me.”
“You love me!”
“I can do what you want from me! But don’t send me away from you!”
“What I want!”
“Yes! For you, I even can murder someone! I swear I’ll kill!”
“Kill, then!” Elma shouts and splits of the historical pavements of Kalemegdan with her digital voice, once again shouts at Cigan whose even eyes are being sweated:
“For me, kill someone! Come on!”
“I did!” Cigan says and moves away about two steps, turns his face to the Danube.
“How did! For me, did you kill someone?” Elma says, getting a hoarse voice, she repeats the same thing, and her trapezius muscles pulse one by one.
“Yes, I did. I killed your friend, Zgon!”
“You killed Zgon?” she asks and wants to spit at Cigan, and spits, “How did? Did you kill Zgon?” In each syllable, her voice getting higher.
“I killed Zgon. I had always seen him with you. You were very happy with him. I was jealous of you like a mad, Elma! I killed him!”
“All of you have killed one more Armenian!”
“No! He was an Azerbaijani! It doesn’t matter. If so he were a Turkish, I would do again!
“Because of me, you killed your closest friend!”
“He wasn’t so close to me!”
With Cigan’s unending answers, Elma goes quite crazy and shouts at the top of her voice: “Killer! Dirty fascist!” In force she is jumping towards the view, swooping on Cigan and pushing him. Cigan hardly holds on barriers. Elma chucks down, suffers from her hip pain.
“Almost I fell down! You wanted to kill me! Do you want to kill me?” Cigan raises his voice, standing up and looking straight Elma who writhes in pain on the ground.
Elma becomes insane: “Go! Get out of my sight! Get lost!”
“Kill me, then! Here it is the gun! Shot me, come on! Rather, I’ll kill myself, huh?”
“Go!” Elma yells, without looking at the gun in the Cigan’s hand, and without escaping these scary eyes, “Go! Or I’ll submit myself to the Turkish Consulate. I’ll get back to the cell. I don’t care anymore, neither the picture nor myself! Get lost! Get the fuck out here!”
ZERO

After Cigan’s story, who can say something? Who can ask me what I had seen as an eagle by naked eyes on the mountain of Ararat? Who can stand for what I would tell?
However, the place owner Bosniak is able to find something to say in any case, planting himself in front of the others now, shouts: “She says go and I continue to cook the meatballs! Anyone wants meatballs?”
No one wants the meatballs. The man is looking like saying “suit yourself”, and turns as fast as a guppy, and lights out for his kitchen. I want the meatballs! Of course, as a double-headed obedient eagle, I must signal all in one breath that I am full while my master, Cigan, is full! I have been here for about one hour. It seems I’ll be here, in Mesto, until Cigan wears his hat and goes. Besa, namely my promise, requires that.
There is no television, and so, as if the Albanian woman has to watch something, she watches an ant that is struggling to climb a hill about two centimeters high. Asks: “Did you really think you could fool a woman like Elma with money?”
Then she takes the ant with a lighter and puts it on the top of the little hill, with a short winded joy of making someone happy, she leans back.
The fortune teller woman explodes: “You have a very interesting story, son. I have never heard a story as this one.”
But this Cigan is a murderer! However, it is usual here.
The Serb man counts some numbers inside, and outside he speaks calmly:
“The revolution went for nothing. I remember that in the morning when everyone got drunk, the army seized everything. The drunken Serbs are nothing but scarecrows! Damn it! Then, they found a liberal politician and voted him again!”
The Bosniak man, who is breaking some spider webs in the kitchen, shows his head through the window: “If you have enough money, you can get even a revolution drunk!”
The old Serb: “They, Russian, Bolsheviks got the revolution drunk too!”
The Albanian woman gets excited and without noticing she crushed the same ant, asks Cigan: “How could you find this money?”
Cigan leans his elbows to the table and without looking around, he speaks:
“My family was extremely wealthy. It has almost been 5 years… They died in a traffic accident. I inherited a lot money, apartments from my family. But I have nothing now. The earthquake destroyed every…”
The fortune teller woman: “They were not your real family!”
Cigan: “Yes. Where is my real family, what are they doing? I don’t even remember them. The only thing I remember that I was adopted.”
The fortune teller woman closes her eyes now, remembers a white butterfly pattern that was handled on the blue T-shirt of her dead son. During that year the snow had covered the big well in her village. Who was teaching her three-year-old son playing blindman’s buff game? “Do you hear me, son, how do you ascribe meaning to the vibration of my heart?” On a hill with a mosque, she is calling her dead son through her fingers.
Yeb-yeb… Suleyman’s swear words are being heard from someplace. “I shit on your grave! It’s broken. Fucken broken!” The motorcycle is broken again. He dragged it to Mesto, and now he leaves motorcycle, grabs a chair and sits. Watering a napkin, his wife cleans the dusty collar of Suleyman. With shaking eyes and bursting with rage, he stares at Cigan. The old Serb stares at the Turk, and the Turk stares at the Serb. This time the Serb stares Cigan: “You are telling us and we are listening to you. But, what’s the connection between all this story and the earthquake?”
Yes! Well, what’s the connection between a screw and a wood? For this reason, they continuously part company?
Cigan leans back the wooden chair, and with a screw head on the chair he scratches his back. When he is about to speak Suleyman puts in a word:
“There had been an earthquake! And the Chapullers have plundered all over Macedonia. They have leaked into Kosovo.”
Joj! Are the Albanians running away? Forgot his joint pain, the old Serb stands up thrilling. Suleyman drinks some water on the table, and makes a red hill possible in his mind, and from there he speaks:
“But, I haven’t seen any soldier around. Where is the government? Where is the state?”
The state is just in the Serb man’s pocket: “How do you know that they have entered into Kosovo?”
Suleyman: “The motorcycle broke down on the road, and while I was trying to repair it, a car slowly passed by me, and a man in the car full of furniture, was running away. He was ashen-faced. He told me it.”
Veliki katastrofa! The place owner has a kind of tic with his moves of mustaches today, and in that way he approaches. Suleyman takes some sip from his water and with oily fingers that he immersed he wets his hair, and now he speaks calmly:
“I found a phone box, but it didn’t work. There has been a problem with the phone line in Prizren. But it seems odd to me. Governments all over the world are prepared for situations like this, in this century! There is internet and communication. Governments track everything down. Plundering is not that easy. There are not Ottomans!”
Who are not Ottomans in this world?
Like a button, the Bosniak man leaps up and gets angry, as playing with a ball on his shoulder, he speaks:
“There is the communication? You could not even have called Istanbul since the morning. There hasn’t been electricity for three days. What the state are you talking about? The state is fucked up. To hell with the communication!”
A pigeon had a shit in the middle of a lengthy cable without measuring the mid-point. And the Bosniak man steps on a three-day dried shit, once again watches around sneaky, combs his mustache.
“I don’t know. Don’t ask me. Ask him. He knows more than me,” Suleyman says, I mean he points at Cigan.
So, has everyone been a budgerigar here? They are approach Cigan goggling like budgerigars. “Where were we? After Elma had learnt what kind of shit I ate, she kept going her way alone. She went to that village. But she couldn’t find the young man, who took the picture, who was called Transkovac.”
“How do you know that Elma went to the village?” the fortune teller woman tries to uncover Cigan’s fraud, like a literary reviewer, she always clicks her eyes.
“I know because…” says Cigan and drinks water in front of him, closing his eyes, he tries hard to remember what he saw: “Because I followed her.”
“You followed? How? Didn’t she see you?”
“At first she didn’t. In fact, I didn’t show myself. She went to the village. There was no connection anymore between the Paulicians and the village or Bogomilism. It had become a Serbian and Orthodox village. She sought but couldn’t find the young man who had the picture, Transkovac. Whoever she asked for him they ridiculed. Transkovac’s father had been a homosexual. And also his last name, namely “Transkovac” shows it. I mean: The son of Trans…”
“Joj! Ha-ha, joj!” The Albanian woman is smiling as if tearing her own mouth, and tries to make Suleyman smile next to her, whose face changed its color. But it is only a word what gets out of her husband’s mouth: “Faggot!”
“Transkovac’s mother had been ruined,” Cigan says and smiles, “After Transkovac had learned that his ancestors were the Paulicians, he went nuts. He left the village and his mother, and got lost in a place in the region of Sandzak, at the border Montenegro-Serbia. His mother entreated Elma to find Transkovac. ‘Find my son, and I’ll devote my life to you, get me him!’”
“Of course, Elma took the way to Montenegro this time,” the fortune teller woman says, and takes one more cigar out and opens her white-black hairs, untying her colorful scarf, as if wringing laundry she wrings her hair.
“She never gave up!” Cigan says, collects himself by the dazzling eyes of the fortune teller woman, and continues: “As soon as heard it, she hopped on a bus and set out to Novi Pazar. Didn’t know the language, hadn’t any map and any compass like me. I also followed the bus after her.”
“Of course you did! She didn’t want to see you but you still forced her,” the fortune teller woman says.
“I was afraid of something bad might happen to her, the old woman. You know more than me, Serbia is a troublesome place. Everything may happen. Anyway, then she came to Novi Pazar. To her mother’s motherland… And walked around the bazaar. Her grandmother had told everything about Novi Pazar when she was a child. Owing to this, she could find everywhere very easily in Novi Pazar. She wandered around and then got Rozaje bus. While she was passing by Tutin, she was also passing by around the village of her family. Of course, she was unaware of it. How could she know it? Her family all were from Ribaric, in Serbia…”
“Joj! I also lived Ribaric in the past! I know there.”
“I know…”
“You know what, son?”
“I know you lived in Ribaric for a while.”
“How do you know that? How?”
“I know everything, the fortune teller woman. Like you. I know things dirtily. Ha ha!”
The fortune teller thinks it is a joke and grins, continues to puff the cigar, sometimes gets heated. With shaking the eyes full of love, Cigan continues:
“Of course, the bus didn’t pass the border so easily. Because there was a military authoritarianism in Serbia at that time. The border was closed. But the army was scared of the people, and couldn’t take the people in charge. However, they tried to give the people kind of fear mixed the reliance. Anyway, the bus stopped and put back from Montenegro border. Except Elma and me. You know about Montenegro borders. There are three or four cabins, and no any barrier or hedge. The Montenegrin people, who are freeliver, didn’t get out of their bed because of the revolution. A madding silence, there was… Elma disappeared from sight at once, rushed into the forest. Thought she could pass secretly to the borders, became distant. Did I stop following? No, I was behind her back. The greeny clothes on me, a Kalashnikov in my hand. And a big bag on my back that I fitted my equipment inside…”
“Kalashnikov, bag, greeny clothes? Did he become a terrorist, mate? What’s he telling about?” Suleyman says, in a most sarcastic tone and with his stretched eyebrows.
“Yes. I posed as a terrorist. As PKK terrorist.”
“Baby killer? I knew that he is a terrorist! Look at his type! This monkey is nothing but a terrorist!” Suleyman says and gets angry once again, he tries to pretend as a Turk living in Turkey with popular anti-terroristic behaviors.
Cigan’s neck pulses, closing his eyes, bending his head right and left, “Look mister,” he says, still trying to keep cool even in this case, says: “Since I came here you have been looking down your nose at me! You are making me sick now!” By using his eyes that are becoming fireball in the light of the sun, Cigan’s looking at Suleyman in the eye, can’t stand anymore.
Is Suleyman afraid of him? Suleyman stands up as if knocking all glasses on the table, “What the fuck are you saying? Who makes you sick? I shit your even each word! Terrorist jackass!”
The Albanian woman repeats as “fool! Shut up!” and pulls her husband by arms so that he sits his place. Suleyman resists, in most snappishly mood, swinging his arms and hands toward Cigan.
“Whom do you call as a terrorist asshole?” Cigan shouts in Turkish, and in a striking distance that he almost steps on Suleyman’s foot, he angrily blows Suleyman’s face:
“All my life I have fought those curs, and struggles with the PKK. They martyred my soldiers many times, they separatist pimps! How many times I bumped their carrions down! Sit down! Or I will bury you just over there! Shit!”
As soon as seeing that Suleyman immediately sat his own place, Cigan relaxes his face, and turns the women, and however he does, he stretches his mouth, laughing as “hihi-hehe”, as if nothing happened, says “I am sorry about that…”
“I fuck your jaw!” the Albanian woman swears at her husband next to her, who is shaking with rage and fear.
Suleyman raises his voice, “You fuck me? Ha, you? Well, fuck now! Fuck!” from his seat he shouts at his wife.
The old Serb puts in a word, and in order to defuse the tension, he speaks as if singing a song: “Be silent! Among us there is a finest CIA agent. You CIA-eyed bird! Lepotica. Will you rat us to Yankee? He he…”
He points at me. After all, I can’t do anything but just cooling the atmosphere down. Without being lazy he stands up and pats my curved beak on the wood, oh, he scratches my back.
“You missed the story, son…” the fortune teller woman says and turns Suleyman, “There was a terrorist man who haunted Elma’s dreams. Cigan posed as him. But why? Tell us…”
“Because…” Cigan puts in a word in Yugoslavian, and coughs as if exorcising, continues: “I tried to give her a feeling which she had felt in her dreams. I tried to make she feel in a dream. I did it because the road which she was going on was not sufferable with soberness. She had to break the balance on between the truth and the dream. I knew where she was going to. She was in a geography where no one could solve anything by using the mind, and could be unable to understand. Strictly speaking, the fortune teller, I don’t know how to say… I don’t know exactly why I did such thing. It’s very difficult. My crazy head! It was a lover head!”
“Joj!” Albanian woman does and raises a laugh, “The last breath of mind is the first breath of love…”
“I understand nothing! But anyway… Continue to tell,” the fortune teller woman says and this time asks for an Indian tea from the Bosniak man. But where is that man? Is he a jinni or another thing?
The Bosniak is playing the accordion in front of the kitchen. He lost himself in a Sevdalinka ballad. Who knows which memories he is dealing with now?
As far as I can see from here, he dreams of a finest triangle. Yes, a triangle which is measured, shorn, rounded up fractions, and in some way it became 180-degree. What does he lock in that triangle? Incubus and nightmares…
Which gossips he is pushing down in that old Ottoman house in Sarajevo in his old neighborhood, by using that triangle? He had loved a woman in his life, not his late wife, had fallen in love in his seventeen. Her name was Adina, joj, she was a Jew. This Bosniak man had loved a Jew and wanted to marry her.
O Chaos, who tries to infiltrate inside from outside of the triangle! O Chaos, who threatened the Bosniak man’s triangular dreams that were to make come true by him and by the Jew girl in the midst of Sarajevo; and from outside of the triangle Chaos threatened the excellent ideal future of the Bosniak man!
Chaos shoots its own arrows from outside as if proving that any triangle cannot be 180-degree, Chaos pushes its arrows through the triangle’s corners!
Chaos caused that the Jew girl, who waited for the Bosniak, got a beating at her balcony when the night they would escape together. Which father does allow it?
Chaos is causing that the Bosniak is striking the wrong key of the accordion now, and makes this man shed his tears…

*
Did anyone call Chaos? So, fizz buzz! The goddess of memories, my mother, stole my memory when I was a child. Have we met before? I’m Thalia. I’m a retired muse who is tied with a rope to the curved shoulder of a terrorist woman named Elma.
Who knows… I’m the one who had started wars once upon a time. I had nudged rulers to crack jokes kinds of getting on the other’s nerves. To make brothers eat each other, I had planted so many ideas in their minds, and so sarcastic images.
However, I’m not able to touch that woman now. There is an amulet on her neck, however, she is not looking good. Holding trees, scuffing her feet on grass, closing her one eye, and making her twenty-yearly neighbors say that “She deserved that! She’s the devil!” and now she is melting away in the forest in her most miserable mood.
What does she see by her eyes with no food and water? With her shrinking mind, she walks so… Everywhere is full of satellite dishes! Satellite dishes in forest? Is she seeing Istanbul as if looking through the tower’s balcony? When viewing from this aspect, everything seems beautiful, but at close range, these industrial beauties stick together on the Golden Horn. Alas! How does Istanbul sticks… If someone accidentally turns eyes from the panorama to the bottom of the tower, all of Istanbul’s spell breaks with the silly buildings.
After walking near to the Golden Horn, who will believe in Pierre Loti anymore?
However, the capitalist tourism can steal even Elma’s heart away. Ah Eyup Sultan, ah the smell of coffee… Is that coffee? It smells coffee in this lost geography in Montenegro!
Utter darkness! Elma walks randomly, even though she could see a trap, she steps on it. When a cloud is passing in front of the moon, Elma is falling into the trap. She is encompassed with an iron cage, is groaning. Maybe one bear will could hear her to eat and will pull the cage to pieces.
Her every part is aching, she is talking in her sleep, “Transkovac…”
A light approaches, a strong flashlight. “Ko ima tamo, who is there?” a voice comes from a young man in his twenties.
“Transkovac. Are you? I have been looking for Transkovac for three days,” Elma says in a stammered Bosnian language.
“Are you seeking Transkovac? Who are you?”
“Save me from here! My name’s Elma. Came from Turkey. Then went to Babuni and spoke with Transkovac’s mother. She sent me here.”
“Samo minut,” says the young man, without passing a minute, he shoulders Elma and takes her to his barrack. While Elma is repeating “Are you Transkovac,” tiredly, he is hurrying her into a barrack that is surrounded by intensive smells of some fruit and is low lighted. Then he puts her to a bed, makes some soup, makes her drink, and gives her something like syrup.
…
When Elma wakes up she sees what… The young man copes with something around the barrack. Throwing his hood over his head, he is pruning trees. The weather is very clear, everywhere smells something like orange.
This is not orange, but coffee! Its flower is white and its fruit is red alive, there are tens of trees of coffee!
Opening the window, Elma calls out: “Hey! Is that coffee? How does coffee grow here? It is impossible in that region!”
As soon as seeing Elma the young man smiles sincerely, taking off the hood, steps inside. As closing the door he stokes some wood to the stove and knells around the stove. He didn’t understand what Elma said in her broken Bosnian, now talks to himself: “It gets colder. The weather was dry last week.”
“Do you speak English?” Elma asks and drops down the blanket from her shoulder, approaches the stove.
“Yes. Shortly before you said something but I didn’t understand it. I think you wonder the coffee,” he speaks in English.
“Yes,” she continues to talk in half Yugoslavian and half English, “I asked how coffee grows on that land? Doesn’t it require humidity? Tropical…”
“Well, look at that weather, in January! The climate has changed now. Coffee now can grow everywhere in this nonsensical world.”
“Unbelievable! But it smells so beautiful…”
“Hold up! You haven’t tasted it yet,” he says, “By the way, my name’s Ajbars. I’m a Hungarian. Yours is Elma. I guess you’re half Turkish and half Bosniak.”
At the head of the stove Elma waits like chestnuts that are ready for splitting, and on the wooden ceiling of the barrack she watches the fire that is squirming with its own shadow.
Is that made of soil, it has weird color, Ajbars gets the pot on the fire, and sips the coffee into a cup made of tree hollow, presses it into Elma’s hands.
“Hmm... It’s very…” Elma says with a first sip.
“It is the best coffee in the world. I grow the best coffee here. I’m assertive about this issue.”
“How do you do that? Even on this geography…” Elma says.
“I can, because I discovered the perspective of coffee.”
“What of coffee?”
“Perspective… There is nothing but perspectives.”
“Nietzsche?”
“You know philosophy. Even you know Nietzsche!”
“Too little. I had dealt with Bergson at one time. For Nietzsche, too little…”
“Nevertheless, you learnt the essence of his thoughts. Perspectivism! What we see, what we think, the matter and the soul… All of these are nothing, but there are just perspectives in the universe. And we, as living beings browned off and as angry creatures giving our own nature the huff because of our nature, we enter into perspectives which are placed in the universe, and we build our own worlds on our perspectives.”
“Yes!” Elma says, by using her hand she wipes the layer on her face, that the coffee steams. And then she has one more sip of coffee, once again is amazed at everything!
Extraordinary! “Well… You discovered the perspective of coffee, so?” she asks.
“I discovered only one of the million perspectives. I try to build my own world on coffee. Coffee is the essence of life for me. Wherever I’m in, I always mediate through smell of coffee. I don’t want to talk your head off. This business has a very deep philosophy,” Ajbars says and looks through the window, controlling around.
Elma takes one more sip from the coffee and takes more pleasure each time. She speaks with a kind of pleasure, as if hugging a turtle neck and rubbing her erogenous zones against the land: “Tell me please. I wonder it…”
“To discover the perspective of coffee, firstly we must accept that we are very alone. Yes, we are very alone, Elma. Because in fact there is no communication, what we say. Neither I understand you nor do you. Things just buzz in our ear. We just interpret them. By using our words taught us, and using ideas planted in our minds, we just impaste what we heard.”
“How come… I was thinking I was lost yesterday and fell into your trap. Even this was a communication, am I wrong?”
“With that trap I have been catching animals. I’m sorry. Have you got any pain? I don’t kill animals that I catch. I take some fluids from their some zones to use them as a flavor for my coffee. I’ve been trying a formula.”
Firstly Elma disgust, but so intensive smells come from the cup in her hands that any nausea couldn’t stop her lips. Ajbars finishes his coffee and continues to speak:
“To communicate, the humanity has tried everything for thousands years. They created languages and tried to choose only one language among all the cultures. Like English… And now the social media… We enter the monotype profiles that are presented to us, and try to express ourselves from there. With commonplace sentences, idioms that are known by everyone, symbols, and forms of expression… On the other hand, there are complex things within us. We try to transmit them by using symbols. But this is impossible. We just act ‘as if.’ In fact, we are all alone.”
“In your opinion why it is so? Why do we try to communicate? Couldn’t we still stand for our loneliness? Besides that, isn’t that even the monotype language a perspective?”
“Yes, of course, the language is a perspective which some people have created. This is a point of view that is more objective and is agreed by everyone. We use this language and the other perspectives to relax. It also likes what you said, we want to get rid of loneliness. Think that: You try to sleep and something passes through your mind, weird lines flow one after another, colors slips… All of them bother you and you get bored, you get up and go near your friend. You say: I’m in love, I want that man. In fact, what you want or feel is quite different thing. The word of love and that man are just symbols. You think you’ll get free from all of indefinable feelings by doing like that.”
“Well… Usually it works. People get married and have children until seeing their grandchildren and dying. And they are at ease. In this case these objective perspectives work. What about?”
“Of course,” Ajbars continues, “They work. For this reason, everywhere is full of them. Because we need the objective perspectives. But these popular perspectives don’t work completely. That’s why we always want more. These symbols and popular things today aren’t enough for us. That social media constantly changes and it has to improve itself. New symbols, new methods, new fashions, new trends… The human always wants to have more excellent things.
“But at the same time the human wants to have more complex things, more pleasurable things which grasp more things. Because the people want to get free from the weight... Instead of standing on our own heads, we make some people do all things that we have to do. Just as the technology. In the past the people had needed pianists to listen to music, in their houses. They absolutely had given lessons of piano to someone, to perform this work. But no need now. Just only one touching, a billions of samples arrange in front you.”
“Yes,” Elma says and snuffs the cup this time. Because it also smells very beautiful. Such that if you put some water into this cup, it would become a coffee.
“What’s the connection between coffee and your telling?”
“The skinny leaves of coffee… Its wave-sided leaves… Rising roasted pieces of coffee on the pot, of its overflowing, of its flowing into the cup, spouting its foams, its taking shape of arch, and its creating feelings in minds… Coffee’s smell and taste so have an impact that human’s mind both fragmentized and also establishes new orders into. What else may do it? You can say that alcohol also may do it like coffee. But coffee has a different balance. Coffee’s foams interpenetrate each other like sea waves. And as if the foams don’t touch each other in that dynamism. There is no any contact! A flam is being formed at someplace, and it is coming away. This foam is like an idea in my mind. My ideas in pieces knock together like waves. In all this dynamism, this tiny foam appears like the totally new creative idea.”
“This is Chaos…” says Elma and is about to lick the cup.
“Yes, it is. But the coffee has a different distinctive side. It has its own setting. I call it as ‘the setting of chaos.’ And coffee makes its own ‘setting of Chaos’ in a different way. Coffee balances between the order and the Chaos differently. How can I set this balance in a much better way? I’ve dedicated all my life to this question. I have done everything. And the latest case, the coffee that you drank shortly before… Did you like it?”
“Extraordinary! But there is weird case here. While I was drinking it, I felt the same thing what you say… But that is weird: As if I felt things contrary to your sayings. Instead of waves coming away…. My mind seemed like that it was anchoring at random. Instead of clearing away, my mind was trying to be fixed. As I drank the coffee, I became harder.”
“That’s because you wanted to hold on the waves and the place where was coming away under your feet,” Ajbars says, “This is your instinct. Everything what you have is changing. Both your time and space is changing. Your body is also changing… There is no communication among your parts, Elma. Over against this contactless, your existence tries to do only one thing: Be fixed. Existing is like that. This is the instinct of being fixed. It is a balance: You make your own ‘setting of Chaos.’ On the one hand you want to be rigid. You want that no one can damage you, and you want to live forever. But on the other hand the complex side of the Chaos provokes you. You came here from Turkey. In spite of your fear of death… Tough you want to drive the nail on earth. Your setting of Chaos always breaks down. You always arrange it, but it breaks down again. You want both having fun and living longer. You want to guarantee your life and to be surprised!”
“What you said is turning my head! Did you learn all of those while making coffee?” Elma says, sits on a handcrafted rocking chair, and swings as if balancing Ajbars’ really dizzying voices.
“Haha!” Ajbars smiles unnecessarily, “Not making coffee, I learned it while drinking coffee. There is no more terrible than farming. Farming stultifies, spirits away, and tires human. But there is nothing else in this world more cheerful than tasting your own product.”
He is washing the pot under cold water now, and then with two words, he sets Elma in motion. They approach the garden. Even in this season there is a climate so beautiful and so scary. They walk, stepping on leaves and speaking stampeding animals. There are neither bombs sounds nor breathes of soldiers bustle around.
“Transkovac was my school friend,” says Ajbars, taking a photo out of his pocket and shows Elma it. There is a young man his twenties, with a wide face, long-bear and long-hair. “Before he died, his hair and beard had become snow-white.”
“He died?” Elma says and looks like newborn cats.
“He died. Burned himself. You knew him?”
“No. He had bought a picture from a Bogomil priest. I’m seeking that picture. I don’t know Transkovac. Have you got the picture?”
“I’m sorry. He must have burned even the picture. He burned everything, himself, his barrack, his camera and his film that he had made. If you want I’ll tell you everything.”
“Tell me fast! Hurry up! Tell me!” She booms in unnecessary way and gets angry suddenly.
“Why are you getting mad at me? What happened?”
“No offense. It pissed me off!”
“Because of that picture… Maybe he hadn’t burned it. Maybe he had kept it.”
“Anyway… Tell me please.”
“Okay. I studied with this man at university in Novisad. I was in philosophy and he was in cinema. That Paulicians… Transkovac had learnt that his ancestors were Paulicians. One day he came and asked me: I’ll make a film about the Paulicians, will you play a part? Okay, I said. He had chosen this place for the film. Five people we came here and set up the barracks here. We lived for a time here and shot few scenes. He didn’t like what we shot. One morning he disappeared. We waited for a long time but he didn’t come back. And we went to campus back. One day he sent me a message: I’m in the barracks, could you come here? We’ll shoot the last scene of the film. The others were angry, didn’t come. But I came. What I saw? His eyes got bright yellow and the face snowy. The hair and the beard were all white. What happened, are you sick? It’s not your concern, he said to me. He clothed me a costume. He made me Yellow Saltuk. I played Yellow Saltuk. As if there was a dragon against me and in my hand a wooden sword. By using animations he would add there a dragon.”
“What’s it got to do with Yellow Saltuk?”
“Yellow Saltuk was the Turk who killed the cheerful Paulician, they called him Alp-Eren. He had gone to the Balkans to Islamize Bogomil. And then Bogomil had said that: Go back your home and take this Armenian along. The disasters wait for you…”
“I know, I know the story. But this Turk was Yellow Saltuk?”
“Yes!”
“Impossible! There is a timing error. Yellow Saltuk lived in the 13th century. But the event happened in the 10th century.”
“How do you know that he lived in 13th century?”
“I know, I read it at a time. He was a follower of Haji Bektash Veli. There is a book called Saltukname, about his life. And then… Written so many travel books that mention him. The historians say that he lived late 13th century.”
“All of those are fabricated. Transkovac researched everything. He also went to Romania. Yellow Saltuk had lived in 10th century. Bektash lived after him.”
“You’re wrong!” Elma shouts, “There are many tombs belonging to him. In Turkey the historians researched everything.”
“I know there are twenty tombs. But all of those are empty. In fact: Yellow Saltuk was the Turk who became a follower of Bogomil.”
“No way! He was one dervish of hundreds who came to the Balkans to Islamize the people. Thanks to him Albanians and Bosniaks are still Muslim.”
“Anyway,” Ajbars gets bored, “I don’t know very well. But Transkovac researched everything. So far as I know: When that Paulician had been laughing at what he had seen, Yellow Saltuk had been nearby him. And he took off the head of the Armenian, then he took the head to Bogomil. Because Bogomil had said that earlier: See the disaster and be hopeful. And then, come here and tell me everything.”
“You’re wrong again! Bogomil hadn’t said the last sentence!”
“Ugh!” finally Ajbars shoots and takes a deep breath, “If you don’t listen to me, I’ll shut up!”
“I am really sorry. Please go on. I’ll shut up,” says Elma and lessens her mouth.
“To hold the promise Bogomil, the Turk had taken off the head of the Armenian,” Ajbars continues, “Without damaging the smiling face of the Armenian man, he took the head to Bogomil. And then Bogomil drew the face, had still been smiling, on a paper. Bogomil wrote a book, and added this picture to the end of the book. Where is the book now? It had disappeared. We shot a film about all this. Anyway. Transkovac played me for the last scene. And then he kicked me off, swearing. But I didn’t go back university. I settled this barrack. He wasn’t good, I didn’t want to leave him alone.
“One morning I waked up. What I saw? Everywhere was in flame. His barrack was burning. I entered in. Everything had burned. And Transkovac also was burning. I was at a loss. He was still breathing. What happened, why did you burn yourself? I asked. Because of the picture, he talked in his sleep. He was in the death agony, but on the other hand he was saying that: The smiling face of cheerful Paulician… He had found the picture from some place, and then everything happened because of the picture. He died. Poor Transkovac burned away. I couldn’t save him. I couldn’t even find the picture.”
“Where did you bury him?” Elma says and looks at Ajbars’ eyes dropping tears, and receives an answer “Lump it!”
…
At a very special time when the sky makes humans, animals and remnant of everything sleep, Ajbars slumps down into his bed. However, Elma doesn’t sleep, something obsesses her mind. Taking Ajbars’ flashlight, she’s going out now and roaming around, and looking everywhere in the garden that is mixed up in the darkness of the sky, is looking in the pockets of the scarecrows, at the knotholes. But she couldn’t find what she seeks.
Ajbars snores as if stretching the barrack. Elma searches each corner of the barrack short distance, in quiet. At a corner there is a packing case that is not very big. It’s locked. She seeks the key but there is no key. In force she pulls the packing case, without stretching the wooden ground, and without caring to be caught by Ajbars, she takes it out. With a stone, she breaks the lock and opens it. There are twenty or thirty thick books in. Each one is locked as notebooks. Without being lazy, Elma starts to distinguish them one by one. Recipes of coffee, drawings, written philosophical dialogs on the issue of coffee…
She opens another one: Thousands of quotations from philosophical and literary books. And another one… In Serbian it writes “The tastes of the Human Skin”, and attractive manuscripts. She opens it and looks at: There are some freehand drawings and pictures of human anatomy. Below, there are writings with the Cyrillic alphabet. It’s not easy, but she tries to read it.
Crash! A strong wind that is a decapitator… And the brightness of a knife that appears on the edge of Elma’s eye. “So, you want to learn secrets of my coffee, little Elma,” says Ajbars and grins badly, shines with his colorful eyes.
Elma is about to say “you,” Ajbars makes a touch her neck by using the icy knife. “You wonder what I did Transkovac. I interspersed all ashes of him throughout my garden. I can do everything for my coffee,” he raises a laugh.
“Are you going to kill me too?” Elma says, really fears. I’m getting the fear when I hear her hysterical outcries at the last of her sentences.
“Sure, why not? After smashing your beautiful and smart brain in smithereens… What if I scatter it to my coffee and then I drink my coffee in my barrack and remember you… How pretty and awesome feeling is it? You get no idea about it. Up to now I have killed four people and I drank their coffee. One day a half-Turkish and half-Bosniak man, like you, came into my hands. He had come here to take double citizenship and lost their way. But he was not clever like you. In any case, I hadn’t a talk with him. As soon as he felt my trap, I finished with him. You tasted his coffee. You liked it, am I right?”
“What! You made me drink his coffee!” Elma throws up, “dammit!” throws up again. “But, I promise you,” Ajbars says, “I will be drinking your coffee just by myself. I won’t go share you with anyone. Come on, my beautiful Elma. My fresh flavor…”
Ajbars sets Elma’s neck and straightens up like a vampire that is ready to suck blood, but instead of his teeth he leans his knife against Elma’s vein. About to push it, “Don’t fear, my little cup. That won’t take long,” he says.
A gun burst! Elma didn’t die. Ajbars is shot in his head and is splitting his blood to the field now. Some hairs are pulled by the impact of a bullet, are blowing with the wind.
Elma is shaking and praying to all gods she learned from books and gossips, and now she is standing up. Her knees almost pop out!
One more wind intertwines her hair with her neck. A Kalashnikov is shining in the moonlight. And the same guerilla? Elma is in a dream? Haha! I immediately identified he is Cigan, he poses as a guerilla! He stands with baggily clothes and a Kalashnikov on his shoulder. Elma also sees him, “You again?” shouts. She knows he is Cigan. Or she really knows?
“It means that I’m in a dream again. I’m waking up soon. The cell… I’ll wake up in the same jail smelling pee!”
Cigan doesn’t reply. He covered his face with the same head scarf and with his big hands he bears a striking resemblance to that Kurdish guerilla. However, he doesn’t speak at all maybe in order not to be recognized with his voice.
“Speak! What should I do now? Must I slap myself?” Elma asks him.
Cigan must be cold, he jumps on his spot and runs on the same point acting on the terrorist image of the prime news, holds the Kalashnikov on his head by using his two hands.
“Don’t you dare telling me that Fehima dead again! I just feel blue. That man was to have cut me. Disgust! You blew his brains out!” Elma says, for the last time looks at the guerilla who still keeps distant, and she grabs the flashlight that scares the bugs on the ground, and without a backward glance she starts to run.
She is running, the guerilla also after her… The two scare pigs away, gather bears at the points where they step and frighten owls. At a place where the forest thickens, they stop around a tree breaking the wind. Cigan doesn’t even say a word, but sees the case of Elma who dies of sleeplessness. He takes a twosome tent out of his bag. Lighting a fire, peeling garlic, he makes a soup with tarhana that he spilled out of a little jar.
When Cigan listens to the wind in keeping guard on foot, Elma drinks the soup in front of the fire with a blanket on her back, and without making noise she sneaks over the tent. Boredly and waiting for waking from a dream, she tries to warm up.
To sleep in this cold night that is cutting leaves is the business of a jinni who lost the speech.
**
How would I know which day it is? In a time which the days change the guard, the sun climbs again. The crows are everywhere!
Elma wakes up. Is she in her cell? No, the color of linen is the same green, and the same tent. But she feels vigorous, spreads her arms wide stretching the tent, and unzips the tent. The fire didn’t go out. On the fire a metallic cup and the coffee in it! “Fuck your coffee!” Elma says and flings the cup down. She sees a sandwich burnt on the fire. Where is the PKK militant, did Cigan come back her in terrorist clothes? Elma eats without wondering this.
Cigan disappeared from sight but his voice comes from somewhere. With a kind of language and cheer, which can get an average person dander up, who is born and raised in Turkey, a voice sings an anthem in Kurdish. It resembles Cigan’s voice but is pretty changed, a rich voice.
“Your voice is changed… Are you sick? What’s up?” Elma says and drinks water from a metallic flash.
Doing exercise with the same Kalashnikov and looking healthily in spite of his sleepless, Cigan comes here with that hopping heart-throb. He comes with hands up, doesn’t approach very near.
“I asked something! Do you cross with me? After years, my brain commanded that you? In dreams talking is banned! Nevertheless, thank you for saving my life, even though I’m in a dream. I have never died in my nightmares. I don’t want to die in my dream. Thank you!” Elma says and coughs gently, holding a grudge of the guerilla’s dynamism, she immediately stands up and stretches her body.
“You are welcome!” Cigan says but doesn’t grin, continues to draw a circle around the tent as ten meters in diameter, and runs faster.
Elma also speeds up and twists her belly, speaks faster: “What are you in here for? The Media Defense Areas extent to Montenegro? Is here the northwest of Kurdistan? If it is allowed, you will plant Kurdish flag even on the moon!”
“Barzani had just launched a rocket to the moon. Didn’t you watch it?” Cigan says, at the moment when Elma doesn’t look at him, he comes unglued and smiles, continues running.
“Get away!” Elma says, “Was the Kurdish flag at the rocket? Or American flag?” in her own way she needles him and tries to do sit-ups, seeks a place where she can fix own feet.
“Neither Kurdish flag nor American flag. He put his own big picture, attached his picture to the rocket, yokel!” Cigan says, as watching Elma’s folds he feel some weird. He is really in love…
“Why is your voice so clump today? You really sound kart-kurt,” says Elma without grinning, and barely raises her body up, finally can do a sit-up.
“Ha ha! I crush some snow in my mouth. It is a habit!” he says and really breaks something by using his jaw.
“Well… Why are your hands so big?” Elma says, goes on a binge now, eight, nine…
“In order to split you much better, Elma! Ha ha!”
Elma grins gently and also starts to run, enters into Cigan’s circle. One step, two…
“Well… Why the fuck did you wear these clothes, Mr. Gypsy? I wish I had never told my dream to you! You immediately go on a binge!”
Cigan stands aghast at his spot. Elma isn’t so foolish. He doesn’t reply and watches the woman’s feet that are speeding up quite. She flies, quickens as if sliding down from Cigan’s eyes that are gathering demons, and she draws a route abandoning this circle which gave shape the leaves, and as a rocket she accelerates. Cigan also pops out in force, follows her. Without blending any piece of sweat with the air that warms up again in its weird mood, they run, without creating any shadow on the trees and without waking up whatever underground, they slip by like Time. But a noise, that tickles roots of trees, is heard from five hundred meters away.
An earth road shaped with truck tires. A small and quite old lorry passes on this way. Cigan and Elma must have been seen this, so the lorry tries to stop in spite of its speed swallowing flies and its weak brakes, now slows down scraping against the stratified leaves on the ground.
Elma and Cigan approach the lorry by slow steps, open the door. In the driver’s seat a man is alive. With his long and white beard lapped with a quite big steering wheel, and with a green skullcap on his head, he is an old man. “Merhaba,” Elma salutes in Turkish.
Having no intend to save his beard, the old man is quite laughy: “Selam alejk! Welcome! To Serbian side or to Montenegro?”
The two still don’t get on, in indecision, look at each other. Transkovac is dead. The picture is lost. There is a military coup in Serbia. The dream of Yugoslavia came to naught. Fad and craw! Any idea doesn’t come into existence in Elma’s mind, she even forgets drinking water. As to Cigan, he only plays on his Kalashnikov in his hands.
“Come on, get on!” the old driver shouts, “It doesn’t matter which side you go to. Sooner or later, all these places are ours. This is Sandzak! Muslims don’t recognize borders of infidels! Come on!”
Elma in the middle of it, Cigan on the side of the window, the two get on the lorry in that way. There is a lachrymose smell of jerky inside. The old man dives his hand into largish linen on the torpedo, and takes some jerky parts from the linen, and then, by using the same hand he shifts gears.
“Eat it. It keeps warm. This is not pork meat. Halal meat is it!” He says grinning, and smiles at Cigan.
Neither Elma nor Cigan eats it, without breathing they try to live in this atmosphere.
“This friend is from Iraq?” The old man raises his voice and lays eyes on Cigan’s Kalashnikov. All around the lorry are the writings in Arabic, the little Korans are glued around, a prayer bead slouched from the rearview mirror, and photos of Mecca handled on torpedo.
“PKK,” Elma says, stealing a glance at the man slily and solving the man’s Jihadist character on his features.
“Which one was PKK? I mistake these things with another now, I’m getting older. Oh! What would it matter? All of us are Muslims, and in this land we fight for Islam. If Allah allows, we will found the Muslim Sandzak between those infidels. In this land the Muslims will live till the after death. If Allah allows…”
The old man speaks in this way, but he eats jerky like the Serbs. The same cruel jaw movements against the animal...
Cigan and Elma must be looking at the same point, in this lorry left the rest to Allah, both of them react simultaneously to the skidding of the lorry. “We are going to Berane in Montenegro,” the old man speaks, “And the Mujahids at the back. In the name of Allah, these young men came here. Afghans, Arabs, Novi Pazar’s people. God bless us! The world’s Muslims don’t leave us alone. It won’t happen again like Bosnia. Like Bosnians, we won’t be waiting for the infidels to kill us, and to soil Allah’s name. Serbs and Russians rivet their gazes on Sandzak. They have been preparing to demolish us. But this time we are very strong! Even ten years old children come from far and wide, take part in our struggle. I’m taking them to a camp near Berane. Where is your camp?”
“Our camp…” Elma sighs. What should she say to save her head? The best thing to do is sacrifice the terrorist who sits next to her.
“My friend’s camp is far away from here. He escaped from the Kandil Mountain. He is a baby killer, he cuts babies, and came here to cut babies,” Elma says.
“Joj! May God have pity on us! It is misery and sin, daughter. But there’s nothing else to do. The world order got organized this way, daughter. In the name of Allah and Islam, if necessary, we will cut babies. What else we can do? If Allah rules in that way… And also, who doesn’t cut babies in this world? Look at…”
The old man heaves a sigh and opens the rear window’s curtain which shows the truck bed. There are about ten young men snoozing, and they beware their eyes from Elma’s satanic eyes.
“That is that…” the old man lowers his voice rather, closes the windows, “They’re also the babies of ones. They came here to be martyred, in their fifteens or sixteen. Who knows how many babies they have killed up to now… They came from Syria. God forbid, but what can you do, daughter. If Allah writes like that way… For Jihad, when it is appropriate, a Muslim kills even his father and friends.”
“They came after cutting you, from Rojava…” Elma says, whispering in Cigan’s ear. Does she think that she is still in a dream? Or else this case suits her book? Cigan holds his tongue, half-opens the window to get free from the intensive smell of jerky.
“Very young people are dying,” the old man sighs again, in his every sentence “Allah”, “They have grown up with difficulties and with great hopes, their parents doted on them. In their prime of life they are dying. And they have killed very young and hopeful people. God forbid! But who cares babies who are unaware of even their own poops? The youth is dying, suffering, and no one thinks of the youth, but just only babies! God forbid! But what will happen if the babies live in this damned world? A brother is eating his brother’s liver in this world!”
In the face of these ideas that lean back the wall of the sickliest and the most itching human thoughts, Elma just makes a wry face. It is oddly enough that, although she can fall foul of the old man even while drinking water, she feels that she can agree with the old man in some matters.
She remembers the days when she was dealing with most radical and heartless ideas of the feminist theory in the past. One day of these days which Fehima pretended to be sick near to Elma and fell asleep… What was cooking in Elma’s mind? To marry and to leave her own ancestor’s surname and to adopt the other ancestor’s surname… As if the previous wasn’t enough and then to obey new fathers and husbands! And all this is not enough... To make a woman’s life miserable with babies and children... This event of birth that leaves unsettled all atrocity of this world, what’s more, that clamps together all this disgust things… Just only giving birth against the power of husband and all oppressors… Will a woman, who doesn’t have a voice in any case, stand against by just dictating her child in this world? Did this universe cast this role for her? Then she will become a mother-in-law and will flog her bride to death for her son?
Yes! To break this vicious cycle, getting free from her baby is the most revolutionist and most libertarian action of a woman.
However, there is a problem. There is a case that makes Elma throw up her ideas. Her face is very sour. A mother, who killed her own children, frees herself but finally she acts it like a man. In the world where is just ruled by men, if she does it in the men’s way, it will just strengthen men’s hands.
At those famous moments when the human evolution dances with the human culture, I mean when a woman doesn’t withstand the idea of having a baby, even Elma doesn’t wink off? “No!” Elma shoots, “I can’t kill babies!”
“Do not, daughter,” the old man says, finally he is in need of saving his beard from the steering wheel, and eats one more part of jerky. “Why are you here, daughter? Are you helping your friend? You’re not wearing a head scarf. You’d better cover your head. In a little later we will be in the camp. Don’t make our young men sin with your situation there.”
Elma doesn’t wear a head scarf or so, keeps her eyes on the muddy road, with her broken Bosnian she tries to speak:
“I’m a Bosniak but I’m from Turkey. My friend’s also from Turkey. I see here for the first time. Excuse me, I can’t speak Bosnian very well.”
As soon as she keeps silent, Cigan puts in and translates her: “My family immigrated from Ribaric.”
The old man is amazed at that a Kurdish knows the Bosnian language: “Your friend knows but you don’t know your mother language. You should be ashamed!”
Elma is speechless, sees nothing wrong in the Cigan’s situation being both a Kurdish and a Romani at the same time, and just keeps silence.
As to Cigan, contrary to expectations, he hates all Kurdish people for as long as he’s known himself. For once in his life he hasn’t counted how many Kurdish he’s killed, how many Kurdish women’s ears Cigan cut, and how many fathers’ eyes he put out, he even doesn’t remember! Whatever prevents his memories... But Cigan’s still suffering because of his love. His shoulder touches Elma’s hot body. He had never approached her in that way before, and never felt her smell so closely!
“Where about Ribaric? Which village?” the old driver says rather interested.
“Prlevo.”
“Joj! I know many men there. What’s your grandpa’s name?”
“Mahmut. Chetniks had killed my grandpa in his seventeen.”
“God damned!”
“It was during the Second World War… Although they had lived together for years, with the outbreak of the war, Serbs had attacked the Muslims in the village. My grandpa’s father had set up a group of guerilla to protect Muslims from Serbs. Of course, my grandpa had joint it along with his father. One day Chetniks had set a trap and killed my grandpa and his father. Chetniks had dragged their dead bodies to the village. At this time my mother was a child. There was anyone left but my mother and granny from my family. Chetniks were to have killed them too, but Partisans came to help. Tito’s soldiers saved them.”
“Joj! I know yours! Your grandmother is Fehima. She isn’t from Ribaric. As a bride she went to Ribaric from Rozaje. After all, she is buried in Rozaje.”
“How come? Who buried?”
“Fehima... Don’t you know? They just brought her from Turkey newly. My condolences to you, my daughter…”
“How!” Elma shouts and turns to Cigan, looks at his hands that he opens in order to say to her “be at a loss,” and again turns to old Bosniak, “Are you sure?” She is about to cry but thinks about the possibility of being a dream, trying to console herself.
“Fehima’s daughter couldn’t come to the funeral. She was in the jail.”
“Not her daughter, I was in the jail. My mother dead and gone.”
“Joj! Daughter, what ill luck! May Allah gives you patience. Now we are passing by your village. Orljic village. Come on, go down and see your village, pray at Fehima’s grave. Are you seeing that hill with mosque? It has a silver dome. Go there. The village is back of the mosque. Hayde, Alahimanet!”
The two come down, becoming hunchbacked in the air started to drizzle some, they walk and enter an old settlement where even a chicken doesn’t roam outside. The houses are ruined! They get out a place where pine trees thicken and step on flowers on an open and curved terrain.
The sun appears again, and raindrops warm up. Some people move. Two children. They’re running obliviously. A boy and a girl. The boy is brunet, a Romani. The girl one just likes Elma! They’re jumping with cheerful like cows, are hopping and sneaking over a vast field. The little girl hasn’t caught the boy yet. Because the child has hidden under a stack shaped egg. The girl is entering into now and immediately she is getting out, looking around but cannot see the boy, is calling out, waiting and crying badly. But no child!
She calls someone, when Elma and Cigan look each other at the back of a tree, the little girl brings a middle-aged man. The man is entering in the stack and finding the child. The child has just died! The child’s dead body in the man’s hands, he shouts around now: “Nada’s son is dead! Get your ass out here!”
The peasantry immediately runs. Up front the boy’s mother. With her abundant hair that couldn’t pass through her collars, in the colorful-handled clothes, this woman is a sorcerer. She gives her son’s dead body a bear hug and bends down, crying, looks weepily.
The villagers surround the body. The little girl and her mother come there. The sorcerer woman almost stops everything going on, even birds wait now, snakes don’t bite, angrily she points at the little girls and shouts at the top of her voice:
“That little whore killed my son! Whore!”
The villagers turn to look at the little girl and her mother. The girl cries, doesn’t know what to do, and is ashamed, sobbing. The mother holds the crying daughter’s hands and takes her home.
Elma and Cigan move away from the field and approach the mosque through road the old driver described, they climb up a slope and come to a village square. From far away they see the little girl and her mother. The pleasantry gathers again, old rifles and claws on their hands, they are agitated terribly. The scorer woman provoked the entire village, and they send the two out of the village. While the little girl and her mother are leaving the village with their luggage and a little lamb, the sorcerer scream from a distance, raising her forefinger, blows her voice:
“Hey! Fehima! This didn’t end here! It’s going to continue. I curse you and your entire lineage! You will never be out of trouble! Your family is going to cause gigantic disasters! You are going to die of embarrassment in your short lives!”
Guess which Fehima is that? Elma walks without hesitation, next to Cigan with Kalashnikov in his hands, they come close to the silver-domed mosque, then go down another village that is slouched from the other side of the hill. Passing through the garden of a wooden single-storey house. The same sorcerer woman is here, in the garden. She performs a black magic. Firstly, she strips her dead son, cuts the nail scars on his body, grinds these pieces and gives them to a chicken, later, cooks the chicken. Then… She puts the chicken in a basket, decorated around it with some colorful candles and flowers. What else is she doing?
The weather always is clear… Cigan and Elma are in a small lake a bit far from the village. The sorcerer woman is also here, they watch her. She, Nada, releases the basket of black magic to the water, and looks so after it. Crying, raises a scarecrow she has brought with her, and plants it to the ground, and kneels before the scarecrow.
She has waited for hours. When it’s getting dark, she stands up, lights a fire and sets the scarecrow, that is made of hay and carries a skull on top of it, on the fire. Whirling around, making a funny sound, she catches a crazy rhythm, cries and dances becoming ecstatic.
Elma and Cigan saw everything. At the time when Nada left and the fire started to go out, the two came to nearby the burning scarecrow.
Cigan gets the last part of the scarecrow about finger size, cleans ashes and sparks on it, and pockets it. Then he lights a fire a bit far and sets up the tent. “Will you sleep? Let’s sleep in order.”
“I’m not sleepy at all. You can sleep if you want. How many days you haven’t slept…”
Cigan doesn’t reply, without insisting he enters to the tent, doesn’t leave his Kalashnikov, he disappears.
Now Elma is counting all truths and facts that she has encountered in her life and in her dreams. At the back of a gigantic tree she tries to protect herself from the wind. She counts again all the facts which are as real as whole energy and whole electricity of the nature. She counts as much as any human could think in this wind cutting throats.
And now there is something up again. First, a warm breeze scratching her eyes… And then, a shoving on the small lake! Something is approaches her! Yes, she is, she is approaching toward her! Without drawing Elma’s attention, she shows her silky body with a rustle. She looks like very beautiful again, with her wet coal-black and long hair, she comes here. Should I hide somewhere? Will she be able to see me? Who is she? Vodena Vila!
“Don’t be scared of me, Elma,” she whispers in the young woman’s ear.
“Who are you?” Elma asks and doesn’t fear at all, “Where did you spring from? Are you feeling cold? You are bare-naked.”
“I’m the water fairy. My name’s Vodena Vila. You have been waiting for me for hours, I know. You saw everything about yours, didn’t you? They, who got kicked out the village, were your family. Your mother Ikbala and your granny Fehima... That sorcerer woman, Nada, had cursed you and your family as you saw.”
“I saw. I’m not so silly. I understood everything.”
“You understood also that there is no escape from this curse. That sorcerer called all the most evil forces of this universe. Your mother was innocent. But it’s not important. The bad forces only take care of the gifts that are given them. They listen to who refers their names. They are so bad and blind. We the fairies did our best, Elma. That’s all, I’m sorry. Are you able to see me?”
“Yes, I see. Your shadow is silver.”
“Have you ever seen any fairy before?”
Shut up! She’s going to reveal me, I know. As if all the facts of the world will be explained today.
“No! Or I saw. I don’t know!”
“Can’t you see the fairy next to you? She is your shadow.”
Shut up, stupid woman! She said, there you go!  I’m not a fairy, I’m a nymph, I’m a Greek. And Elma can see me now. You ate good shit! Hi Elma. I mean so… Are you seeing me? I must move away, at least, I don’t want to be witness to what will be going on.
“Where are you escaping?” Elma says to me grinning dirty behind me, yes, she can’t hear me.
“I think you can’t hear her. You had better not to hear her, she is a very chatterer. Her name is Thalia. The muse of comedy. Seemingly, she loves you very much. I mean, if you can’t hear her, she must love you very much. Just so you know, if you can’t hear someone, this one loves you really.”
Don’t ask! I’m going crazy for Elma. Why the fuck did you come here? Elma is out of her mind! You didn’t come on the time, the damage is done, and you are coming now.
“I came here because the pleasantry called me. When someone dies they always call me. They perform a religious ceremony so that I give solace to them, so that I make them feel that the life is really valuable, they want to be close to me. You know the truth now, Elma. Your granny died. In this world there is no one left but only Thalia and that man in the tent for you. When Fehima dead they didn’t tell you about it. You were inside. Some people brought Fehima here. Do you want to see her grave?”
Elma nods her head. Without touching her foot to the ground, and with the leaves that are attached to her ass, she takes out after the water fairy.
To see the dead for the last time, who was very close to, is to confirm that he or her is actually dead. Don’t go there! It will be the point of no return! If you see the grave, you accept that both she is a mortal and you too.
However, until seeing the dead, there is always a hope. Some people escape from going to morgues and bless the impossible eternity for their entire life. Elma’s mind is full of these dilemmas now. But who will prove that this grave belongs to Fehima, even if Elma sees the grave? Maybe they mixed dead bodies, maybe they are in a historical mistake. Maybe all the humanity is in the agreement with a lie about “being mortal.” Maybe Fehima is still peeling some apples off in her flat in Galata! Even if everyone is a mortal, maybe Elma isn’t. Why not?
They came somewhere. An old house, a structure like a box, is very tasteless and typical Bosniak’s architecture. In front of the house there is a big garden, and ten or fifteen graves in the garden. At the gravestones there are so weird carvings with snakes and patterns of the culture of Illyria.
“This village,” the water fairy says, swings her hair, and winks at me, “This village is a Muslim village. But the villagers have still been living with their pagan religion. There are pagan patterns in every religion, but here is quite pagan. For example, they have still burying their relatives in front of their houses, in their gardens. According to this, the dead will revive in the land. In the different form… They want the liveliness to be in their houses, the productivity to be growth and life to come into existence in their houses. But mostly, they want to live together with their ancestors. Here are about twenty graves from the side of your mother. The house next to it belongs to your mother’s uncle. Each one divided into their families here. Anyway… On the far right, Fehima is in…”
Elma approaches the grave, her mind is full of possibilities with some hope variations, she approaches the stone and reads Fehima’s name with the surname. New-planted flowers and new-watered soil at the grave she sees. Next to the grave, new-sprouted herbs…
Elma touches the gravestone and sits its edge, looks at me. Is she going to cry? Not me, she looks at a snow-white pigeon coming from my back. The pigeon perches on the gravestone now. Elma passes her hand to the pigeon. Will the pigeon move away? No, the pigeon allows to be petted.
If the pigeon hadn’t come, Elma would not believe that she lost Fehima forever! Elma is crying now. She is also a mortal now. There is nothing else to do. She turns her eyes away me and turns her back on me, is crying, is sobbing, what can do you, she’s crying.
***

Hey! I’m Thalia of the muses! Do you think that you could deal with me like that way? I don’t look like those humid Shamanistic jinn or so! I’m a nymph of the civilization, I’m a nymph of the noble Greek culture, of the philosophy which injected the mind-poison to the world!
I’m not saying to you, but to those creatures who have been following us for few days! I’m yelling at them! My sisters are near me, we try to prevent them from entering the entrance of the cave! Why? Just a minute, I must tell of the beginning.
In the village where Elma visited her grandmother’s grave… This night there was a weird something up. We stayed in the house where her family graveyard is. The water fairy next to me, we were having fun with endless and hot gossips. Suddenly Cigan awaked from her sleep. As grabbing his Kalashnikov he ran to the window. Because a drum and a trumpet noisy drove all of us wild.
What did he see through the window? Millions of eyes nested at the points of darkness! Some giant and white, some dwarf and red. This was the army of Karakondzula! The soldiers of the filth woman who is very old and ugly with her messy hair and her long nails. Millions of jinn swarmed to the village gliding through all holes of the universe!
Meanwhile, how many days past, I don’t know. And where are we now? In Romania? We have been driven away a long time and come to stop here. We are in a little cave with two cubbyholes where there is no any mark of human. Elma is spitting her blood, continuous sweating, despite she lost the consciousness, she always talks in her sleep about Fehima. Cigan next to her, and tens of fairies I know personally, all of them tried to cure her.
My sisters and I, with our all supremacy given us by being Greek, make a stand against this arm of jinn in front of the cave. In fact, they are very stronger than us. If they wanted, they would take down the cave right away. However, they don’t do it. I don’t know the reason.
All around us are some dragons sized as clouds, and some half-crow and half-goat creatures. They appear and then get lost, they are rolling the rocks, fly about with their sounds one scarier than the other. In the midst of them there are two humans, two mad. One of two has been playing the same song with the trumpet in his hand for days. The other one has been beating the drum and singing the same song: Mahara Rai Banda – Kibori. Who would have thought that song would be so scary?
Joj, dade, so kerav, dade, so kerav? (Oh father, what shall I do, father, what shall I do?)
Palavla te me merav, devla me merav. (I am dying for her, dying for her.)

Millions of times the same lyrics! I mustn’t lose my marbles! Why do I sacrifice myself or my sisters for keeping Elma? I don’t know. But these creatures annoy me very much! And now as if I struggle for existence I feel so. Don’t come here! Why do you want Elma? Give us a rest!
Someone approaches me, quite elegant looking, well-groomed beard and hair, a young man in a suit approaches the entrance of the cave. With his most polite voice and his sharp teeth barely hidden, the man is a vampire named Lampir.
“Miss,” he calls me, “I have to speak with Cigan. It’s important,” he says greeting with kindness.
“You can’t come in! I know who you are!”
“If you know me, so you are aware of that,” he says in a fixed tone, “We are also at war with the arm of that witch. Because our interests require that. If they haven’t demolished you up to now, this is under favor of us. Cigan knows me. Please call him here.”
He slips some white papers that’s tied with colorful ropes, and rolled properly in his other hand, and keeps silent keeping his kind appearance.
Without the need for calling, Cigan just understands someone mentioned him and encounters with Lampir. With a kind of language I hardly understand, they salute each other, and without caring my tulle body they enter the other cubbyhole in the cave.
“You know me, we have ever done much business with you, Cigan,” Lampir says, because of the cave’s humid he immediately gets bored, “We don’t have much time. They want Elma.”
“Why?” Cigan says, calmly he tries to speak, lefts his gun on the ground and moves away about two steps, looks at the Lampir’s empurpled feet.
“Elma has something. But I don’t what it is. I think even the jinn outside don’t know what it is. There is a balance war among the forces of the universe. And that Karakondzula, that witch… Someone gave a commend her. She wants to take the girl.”
“Why doesn’t take so? If she has the balls, let her come and take!”
“For a while there has been a conflict of interest between the arm of jinn and us as Lampirs. In fact it has been since the advent of the internet. You know, the states tried to prevent opening the internet to public. Mostly these jinn didn’t want the spread of the internet. Because the internet was the communication, and its invention was to touch Chaos with its all complexity. After the internet, everything would meld more. To meld one’s life or to communicate with somebody, there would not need any jinni, after it. This case was a problem of existence for them. But we wanted the internet to be set up and to spread it the world. On the road of the communication and advancement, we have always supported the human all the time. In truth, besides these, we have supported the internet because of our interests.”
“What for do they want Elma?” Cigan asks, with his eyes starting vibrate slowly, he approaches Lampir.
“Nowadays there is something up again. Some people do different something. We don’t know what exactly it is. This is a gossip. Some mention that is a new system alternative to the internet. The internet has come to its end now. The internet has turned the human to the receivers and the givers, it is the standardization. In front of the computer everyone is turned to the same codes. They are atomized. This case has served well for the purpose of the states. Because they can locate the people when they want. Whenever they want, they can confine the internet and block off. Maybe that’s why some people do new something, Cigan. Who does it, we don’t know. Some mention that there is a kind of computer which will mess up the world just only one action, and which would not be controlled by the powers, and would not be seized. What’s more, some mention that this is not a computer but a quite different thing.”
“What's all this got to do with Elma?”
“I don’t know. But if the jinn make a move, there must be something serious. It must be related to Elma. In truth, you must know what it is. That’s why you have been the shadow of Elma.”
“That’s none of your concern. Get to the point. You came to here to tell all of these, so?”
“No! Whatever is between Elma and you, I don’t care. I came to give that file,” Lampir says, and without untying the ribbon he presses the papers into Cigan’s hand.
Not to do harm the file already wet, Cigan opens the papers slowly and tries to read the writings in Cyrillic alphabet. “This is a script, a film scenario…”
“Yes,” Lampir says, with slow movements he unbuttons the buttons of his jacket, and moves away about two steps: “This is the last thing left from Transkovac. These are some parts of his film’s script. There are dialogs of Yellow Saltuk. The rest burned.”
“Transkovac burned himself too. Then the picture…”
“He didn’t burn himself. He disappeared himself. So, namely, he’s lost! The Hungarian man you killed, Ajbars… He was an agent. He was pursuing Transkovac. Because of the picture…”
“The picture of Cheerful Paulician?”
“This picture is very important. I don’t know even why it is important. But I know that: The intelligences of the big states and the great powers are seeking for the picture. But all they are helpless. They ask help from us and from these jinn to find the picture. In order to get rid of the picture. You already know all of these…”
“Why did you give me this script?” asks Cigan, squats at an edge of the cave like a cube full of secrets.
“I know Elma seeks the picture. We decided to help you in this subject. We don’t know where is Transkovac, however, we know where is the picture. But, we cannot speak of it openly. The balance between states and the other powers of the universe…”
“Yes, yes,” Cigan says getting bored of listening to the same explanations, and stands up, approaches the entrance of the cubbyhole,
“You are helping us on the sly. Who knows what do you seek for? But you would not give any harm to Elma! Without killing me you won’t do it!”
“Don’t doubt my honesty! You know very well that I have never lied to you! We won’t harm a hair on Elma’s head,” Lampir says and buttons up the buttons of his black coat that he put on the jacket, grins and turns his eyes, showing his sharp teeth well, and speaks with his dizzying voice:
“That’s all for now. I cannot tell you further,” with single action he goes out the cave and disappears at the mountain slope opposite us. Shallowly Cigan looks at the writings on the pages and enters the other cubbyhole of the cave. Some fairies fan the flame and others apply a colorful solution on Elma. All in sweat, she lays down the bed that is made of feathers felt around and are gathered by fairies.
With sizeable linen Cigan wipes Elma’s face, “Wake up! I brought Transkovac’s scenario to you,” smiling despite his tiredness.
“Transkovac… Fuck him! Pimp…” Elma talks in her sleep and the only thing she can do is moving her eyelids.
Cigan sits right next to her, crosses his legs and reads the text in Serbian as typed:

26- EXT. THE GARDEN OF THE TOMB - DAY
A beautiful day in the region of Dobrogea in Romania. It is the Babadag town. There is no one in the garden of the tomb of Yellow Saltuk. A Sufi music plays.
OFF-VOICE (IN SERBIAN)
We are in one Saltuk’s tomb of twenty. Who was Saltuk? He was an Oghuz Turk. However, precisely we don’t know who he is? Certainly we know only that: In the Balkans all people had loved this Saint. He was accepted as a mythic person and a saint in even the Christian literature. After intensive investigations we’ve considered that in fact he was a follower of Bogomil. Saltuk was a Turkish voice of the scream that had taken the Balkans by storm at one time. He died as the martyr of freedom, of peace and of God. He was a noble saint, like his heart, his talents are noble. Stones he had touched were becoming gold. Winded faces he had blown were coming to life on new bodies. He was so noble that he could know when he would die. Before his death he had called twelve rulers to his funeral. The day he died each ruler was given a coffin of his. He had been so loved that the rulers considered sanctified themselves with these coffins. The weird part is that Saltuk was in each coffin as twelve. And for this reason there are twelve tombs of Saltuk. Well, why are we here? Because Saltuk wants to say something to us.
27. INT. THE TOMB - DAY
A little room and its walls are white. There is a green symbolic coffin in the middle of the room. And there are few wooden windows in the room. A rich sound performs Saltuk’s voice:
SALTUK (IN SERBIAN)
Welcome! You came from a far because you need to hear what I would tell you.

The camera approaches one wooden window, and this window opens by itself. Through the windows the Galata Tower is seen in its early 20th century. Saltuk tells us:
SALTUK (IN SERBIAN)
This is the old version of the tower. It was surrounded by emptiness. Some people say “Istanbul was not crowded in the past, thus it was so beautiful.” But in my opinion it was a shitty as it is today. The same people, the same shit… So, don’t people change at all? Of course they change but very slowly. They change so slowly that it doesn’t matter whether they’re changing or not.

The window closes by itself. The camera approaches the second window in the tomb. And this time this window opens by itself. The current Istanbul view from the balcony of the tower is seen. With the panorama view from Halic (the Golden Horn) to the Bosporus in sight. Saltuk speaks:
SALTUK (IN SERBIAN)
Why am I showing the Galata Tower to you? Because my story lies down the tower. For this reason, firstly, let me tell this tower’s story to you. Because this story has never been heard before. In an old time there was an earthquake that made a hole right here, where the tower stands today. People were afraid of this hole because they had felt as if they almost would fall in when even looking at the hole from far away. Even birds weren’t flying across the hole. The people, finally, had decided to cover it with rocks. The hole had been covered, however, rumors, regarding another possible earthquake, spread around. The emperor of the time ordered a tower to be erected in this spot, just to silence all rumors. Namely, this tower would protect Istanbul from a new earthquake.

The third window in the tomb. As the camera approaches, this window is being opened and this time there is an estimated historical sketch of the tower and its around. Some houses have a bay window. Western wannabe and large commercial buildings... Mosques... Saltuk continues to talk:
SALTUK (IN SERBIAN)
Then the Ottomans arrived and took over Istanbul. In the reign of Beyazit II, one more earthquake happened in Istanbul. They called it as “Minor Doomsday.” The whole Istanbul was destroyed. So was the tower…The dead were dead and gone, but the survivors had handled the same rumors. If the tower was not repaired, another big-scale earthquake was sure to happen. If the tower did not erect again, the big doomsday was sure to happen, which had been written in the Koran. Beyazit II had been bored of these rumors. Whether he kills the all people or repairs the tower… He had thought and decided to repair the tower. But some people set their face against the idea of repair. They called this people “Chapullers.” According to these Chapullers, if the tower is repaired, Istanbul would never be destroyed. I mean, they wanted to destroy Istanbul. Why? Because Istanbul was a place where locked the people who was nomad essentially, in their house, bazaars, temples. And like other cities Istanbul was corrupting these nomadic people. According to Chapullers Istanbul was the place needed to be cursed. To prevent the repairing of the tower, Chapullers had tried everything, preparing black magics, killing repairmen, assassinating and or so… None of these worked. Finally, they resorted to dig some tunnels to the base of the Tower. Look at those pictures.

The camera approaches another window. Through the window it seems that a picture detailed paper, depicts that time. Above the picture the life in that time is expressed. Peoples, merchants, repairmen… Below the picture there are seven tunnels that are dug from different seven points to the tower. The Chapullers are in the tunnels, with the various tools in their hands, they try to reach the base of the tower. Saltuk speaks:
SALTUK (IN SERBIAN)
Some sneaked these Chapullers. And Sultan made all the Chapullers arrested, killed, and then he erected the tower over their dead bodies. However, the tower burnt many times and demolished later on, for the very reason of the Chapullers’ curse. The horrible smells of the dead bodies under the tower have been still surrounding Istanbul. I told all of these to you, because I also kept the picture of Paulician……

What the heck! Fucken hell your picture, your headgear, your Elma, your shriveled and exuded dress! The pages keep silent now as a fascist man, who has been mopped the floor by his wife just only one time in all life. The rest is empty, the rest smells like white pudding with blackened surface, the rest looks like a handful of burned hair.
“The rest of the papers are gone,” Cigan says, his nose is as big as the tower.
“He buried the picture under the tower. It is quite obvious. Transkovac is a simple one so: The picture is under the tower!”
Elma opens her mouth wide before opening her eyes, splutters, and stands up by the help of Cigan, shows the angel of death the door. “Go! All of you leave the place right now!” She says, and is now very lively, repels everyone. Some apples are rolling from hands of fairies.
“Go! Don’t come here until I call you!” she puts on one more spirit. I know this tone of the voice, and these glances of her. She has acted in that way before, only few times, I remember. I mean, she is going to lose herself shortly after, is going to open her valves to the end, and is going to make much of Chaos in her all holes! Praying for Chaos… She named it “Praying for Chaos” what she will do in a little while.
“Why are you looking at me? Get out of my sight too! When anyone looks at me, I can’t think anything! Go!” She says to me. Where can I go? She doesn’t hear me at all. Curved walls are everywhere. As soon as Elma winked I lost in a wall among the others. I’m watching her now and petrifying like public. She talks to herself in Turkish:

“Go! They have gone. There is anyone left? Am I anyone? What am I? Be rational, Elma! Who am I? The answer is easy: I’m Ajorsit! Oh Ajorsi! But there is no god named Ajorsi! What is Ajorsi? Trust one which isn’t in the literature, Elma! No, don’t trust human, don’t you dare! Especially, don’t believe in which the human has fabricated, neither your own made-ups! But, this is impossible. Can I free myself from the faith of Ajorsi? O the powers of the universe, oh ones which are at war of balance with each other! I need someone, instead of Ajorsi, to speak. The universe is nice but it is a humanistic word too. Then, Chaos… O Chaos? So what is Chaos, it also is a human thing. However, I can feel: There is something as Chaos! It isn’t a thing but an intensity and mess… Is Chaos a subject? Let’s say there is a subject as Chaos… But why Chaos doesn’t demolish itself while it demolishes everything? Yes, Chaos is also a human! Is Chaos becoming subjective from a certain viewpoint, and becoming objective from the other viewpoint? The place where Chaos is becoming objective is science. I’m not a thing about science, in addition, I need a subject to speak now. Gods, this and that… All they are so humanistic that they cannot see my confused moods. Let gods succor for miserable people in Palestine, instead of coping with me. Ah, this time I found it: The Some Forces… The Some Forces who I want them to watch me! I found who I will call out: Yes! The Some Forces! Give me some power! The power is the fascistic thing. If there is power, there is no science! Fuck no! The arrows shot from the Central Asia to Yozgat in Anatolia! Galatians! The Celts had raised the Galata Tower in order to scare Byzantium to death. Galatia had once lived in Yozgat and pumped gas to their intestines in the cold steppe. Again now: Oh the one who listens to me, whoever is there… The Some Ears? Help me! My feet are sliding, I hit my head on walls. The Some Ears… Send me only Bergson at least. Because there is an apple in my hand, is very sour, very much. One more apple on the ground, not one, they are three, four… Bergson had distinguished apples. Zgon had told me. Zgon died ha! I didn’t see even his grave. What if Cigan, that dark dude, lies? Send the dark dude to me! The method of Bergsonist intuition… What is the intuition? It will be gripped by the racist mind! To separate something, by not using the mind, but using the intuition… The intuition: To notice true differences among things, and to separate someone from others. Are they being separated by quantitatively or qualitatively? Why does an apple differ from the other apple qualitatively? One Serb puts an apple into the mouth of a dead pig. And the other apple wounds Gregor Samsa! That’s it! To wound the stomach of a huge bug by apple… To separate an apple intuitively... It is grabbed! The apple is not another, it is Samsa’s father apple, it is the one apple wounding a bug! Intuition: 1- To notice true differences while separating things. 2- To lay together things which are truly separated. Not hierarchical, but pipelining… Once again, come on: First separating truly and then integrating them. Just as the apple in my hand. The walls! God damn you Bergson! I had believed that gypsy! As I’m becoming a racist, I’m realizing the truth! The Some Ears listen to me? I’m not hopeless at all: The jinn around me, the fairies and the gypsies roaming with the guerilla’s clothes. Life is what a strangelalanssh thing! How can the human create things by thinking fairly and beautifully? Wildness! Let they, who are ashamed of their own natures, scratch chestnuts. It is grabbed! I must start my intuitions. Was Transkovac a simple person? Did he bury the picture under the Galata Tower? So, it is the simplicity? Who buries own secret things under a tower? In truth, it doesn’t serve my purpose. Oh, who am I? I’m the one who consists of objects. How on earth do my objects divaricate at some places, and then without touching each other, they can constitute my stupid mind? So, what was Transkovac? Certainly, Transkovac was lots of things. One of Transkovac was the simpler: Shooting a film, he wanted to be known in the objective world, women, money, and reputation. The other Transkovac was a Paulician, of course! You are stupid, Elma, this is an ugly truth, after the years you have reached the truth: You’re stupid. You couldn’t find any shit! Stand up! I’m just standing. When anyone stands up, the electricity isn’t being invented! I found, I found: The intuitional difference among the same walls! Here you are, you ass hair! Do you find me attractive when I speak like a man? Speak! Lesbian Thalia, you’re there!”

Elma tagged me and found my difference from the other walls. She now is hailing down on me with apples. I don’t leave you Elma! Do you hear me? I take so much pleasure when I’m watching you. She doesn’t hear me! She throws apples at me again, which rebounded from me.
“Go!” she shouts and makes me call Cigan. Her voice gives me pleasure. How she is shouting and screaming, hot-blooded!

“And now, this is your turn, Transkovac! Oh Chaos, be the object of me! You are an answerer because I wanted it. So, because you stimulated me! You want to derange the orders! Of course, to demolish everything, you need an order firstly. So, I shout out: I’m very cheerful and I want something! I want, do you understand me? For want of a better word… I grin raising my mustache like Mr. Ocalan, like the president of PKK. And I want something, like him! Hu, I do, it doesn’t work. Hii. What Ocalan wants with his mood, is being but lately. I have no time so. Forget the mustache, look at my stand, from the profile. I’m standing like a bottle of champagne about to explode, and I want it. You also want it, Chaos! How can you wait for the champagne, lokh! So, open my top! I’m opening my valves too, and greeting my all dead. Arrows! Are coming… The arrows shooting from Central Asia to my poor Bosniak body. In my mind, the heater lavas of Chaos… And Transkovac! Hussssssh! You are becoming what I want, Transkovac! Husssh! In truth, who was Transkovac? At the beginning he was a human. And he didn’t have any place to sit down. Where can a human sit while the waves of Chaos are shaking everywhere? Nevertheless, a human wants a ground where to step on. Transkovac is coming here by his raft floating in the sea of Chaos. His one part is being awaited by her mother, in his village. I promised her and she will wait for him forever, she who is with two-teeth. And another part of your is on me, Transkovac. Without volunteering you lost your part to me, nothing to do. How cute: I’m also on a raft in Chaos. The weird part is that my raft doesn’t touch the water. In the contrary case there would not any faith to be. If there is one contact, there is no any faith. But the contact or touching is impossible in this world? When someone sets off, he needs a map, it’s like that way. He will set off at ten o’clock and he will be in Smyrna at eight. Will any lorry crush him, or will be an electric leakage in car’s sparking plug? No, no, he will be in Smyrna! But there are only foggy. The road, you say, is a faith behind the fog. But there is nothing beyond the fog, no road, no communication. Nevertheless, he will go there, because a human can stand something by believing in something in this mess! What a resistance! He didn’t know, he would have lived sixteen nights at Gezi Park: Wild touchings, deeply and sneakily facts of demolishing the state. All of these are faith! The facts are becoming so impolite now! I’m collecting Transkovac’s facts on my raft. This is very important: His sandy facts. Numbers of times, these facts have defined who Transkovac is. I also ask that now: Who was Transkovac? It is almost answered. There is just one obstacle in front of me, only one question: Is he a person who buried the picture under the Galata Tower? Cha, cha, on my raft knitted with my ugliness and stupidity, I take your half-kilogram sandy, Transkovac. What did you used to do, what was your character, Transkovac? So, whom Transkovac will turn to depends on what Transkovac does? Vah! Zehra! Vice versa! Take me Zehra! Zehraaaa!”

* * * * 

Cigan got rid of the guerilla clothes and covered his bald head with a Gypsy hat. Elma disguised putting a white wig on her head, and then the glasses… She looks alike her late granny Fehima a lot.
“I don’t care if I will be arrested, take me Zehra,” she went mad and ended up in the emergency service in Samatya, near the Historical Peninsula in Istanbul. However, Zehra isn’t here. They come and run to Cerrahpasha and enter to another hospital. “Zehra! Hurry up!” Elma shoots and finds Zehra putting a notebook on her colorful and in her bloomy skirt as usual, smoking on a bench.
“Who are you? What do you want from me?”
“I’m Elma. Where Gulhane Park… Anyway you remembered it. No time. You have to help me. I’m writing a novel. A man is going to hide his very important thing under Galata Tower.”
“You know what? Even if they crucified you, you never eat green lentils,” Zehra says, laughing.
“I know, I know. You did tell me that before. Anyway. The man is a film director, shot a film. Then he burned his film. His ancestors were Paulicians. He believes in that Yellow Saltuk was a follower of Bogomil. Bogomil was a Macedonian with a long face. I say that Saltuk was in the 13th century. He says no, it was 10th century. Ugh! I’m telling you with messy. Let me start over.”
“Never mind! Go on. It’s better like that. You’ll constitute the character of the man. And you can’t solve that, am I right? What’s his name?”
“Transkovac,” Elma says and takes his picture that she stole from the Hungarian man’s, Ajbars’ pocket. She is very excited. Her mouth is getting dry.
“Before he died, his beard and hair turned to white?”
“Yes, yes! How great your mind! Do you see how she knows everything?” Elma says, turning Cigan and grinning.
“You’ll draw the character of man. And that’s why you came here to learn what Transkovac never does,” Zehra says, with a little magnifying glass taken out of her pocket, she examines Transkovac’s features.
“Everything depends on that in my novel. I must know what Transkovac wouldn’t do.”
“How does Transkovac speak? I mean, this is a difficult question, but exert your mind. How does Transkovac make a sentence? How is the tone of his voice? Gather round.”
“This is difficult! His mother…” Elma thinks, “His voice maybe resembles his mother’s, his style of speaking… His mother looks like an old ventilator. Then... Her voice resembles a mosquito’s. When she speaks you would suppose that you’re in a bee hive.”
“Like a bear, so?”
“No… Rather than… She looks like honey sellers, the Georgians. Have you ever been to eastern Black Sea? I don’t know how to say…”
“Okay. Gum…” Zehra murmurs.
“What’s gum? Doesn’t he chew gum?” Elma’s voice becomes hysterical again. Because exiting, she pricks her scars on her handful.
“Gum…” Zehra says, but a hand passed from behind.
An undercover policeman scuffles with Cigan. The policeman identifies Elma although she disguised, and he shows his card, “Please, don’t lay an obstacle,” repeats.
The police take Elma away and embark her to a car. Through the car’s open window Elma hears Zehra’s voice:
“Coffee with gum! Even if you show your tits to him, Transkovac doesn’t drink coffee with gum, ha ha!”
* * * * *

What would Transkovac do, as one who hates coffee with gum? Would he bury the picture, the smiling face of cheerful Paulician, under the Galata Tower? Where is the picture, so? What’s more important: What is the connection between Transkovac, who Elma tries to re-create him by gathering his flour parts, and goings-on? Who knows what’s turning in Elma’s secretly mind that is swinging like a leave now? She doesn’t speak at all, doesn’t vibrate, and doesn’t change her face expression. What she thinks? I can’t smell her mind anymore, I even can’t estimate what she thinks.
Elma is accustomed again the smells of shits which have been accumulated for days and siphoned off one time. Here she is! I’m embedded in a wall, across her left. She doesn’t even try to distinguish me from the other walls by using Bergsonist tactics. She is not exhausted but is very quiet as exhausting everyone.
Yes, it is the same cell and the same streetlight. And now again, the door is being opened, Cigan is entering into. But this time he is so hopeless, helpless and cheerless than ever before. Without saying “Did you come here to take me?” Elma starts to her feet. Her eyes turned chicken eggs.
“I’m sorry… This time I didn’t succeed in,” Cigan says.
“So, your money isn’t enough? Why?”
“Purchasing power of money doesn’t work anymore. I’m very sorry...”
With separating fifty thousand meanings on her face, Elma grins now, doesn’t look at Cigan’s eyes that vibrate at the door-sill, Elma draws circles in her narrow cells. “In any case…” she says:
“You have never cared about my freedom. You have gone after the other thing.”
“What are you saying, Elma? What I’ve gone after?”
“The laugh of Chaos!”
“What? What are you talking about?”
Elma keeps silent for a while, as if picking the walls, she slows down her steps. On her face is the same expectance, the same meaningful brow movements:
“Well, I’ll tell you everything. And you’ll relax after this,” Elma continues to speak, “Look Mr. Cigan! Do you remember that the government dished on us when we were in the Gezi actions? The government was saying that we were making the vicious plans in those tents, and making atom bombs with matchboxes. In fact, all of these were not that much lying. We had found an organization in those tents.”
Cigan just keeps silent, neither opens his eyes as being interested in it, nor joins his handfuls as being irrelevant. After pulling away from the smell of the closet, nearby the window she takes breathe deeply and with her hysterical voice she makes sentences:
“The twelve people... As far as I concerned we are twenty up to now. There are Turks, Jews, Armenians, Persians… Also a Japanese one. Even though the police strip my skin from the body, I’ll never give their names. Don’t wait it in vain. Already you know all this. Anyway, we twelve, met in the Gezi Actions, in the park. We had never seen each other before. With our enormous thrills, we had spoken about something, and one night we decided that in the Park: We were to make real the project ‘The Laugh of Chaos.’ For this, we have developed a technology. A technology which is high level of incredibility for the human mind. A kind of machine. But if you are thinking it is a computer or so, you’re wrong. Anyway, I’m sure you know that too.”
“What are you going to do with that machine?” says Cigan, this time he’s not able to be unconcerned with it.
“We’ll make Chaos laugh!” Elma says and smiles, however, turns her eyes away from even Cigan’s shadow.
“What does it mean? To make Chaos laugh?”
“Literally: It is to demolish everything. In fact: To speed up processes of destruction. For a new and rather messy order… This new order will be so messy that anyone would not conduct the order anymore. This is the last chance to free the humanity from the animality and the nature. Instincts, silly fantasies, cults, beliefs, diseases, competitions, cultures of lynch, stinker wars, massacres for a handful meat, all of those are inherited us from the nature… And beyond all, the most important thing is death. The human must get free from all this and from the nature that is still being conceptualized the human mind. The human must free from death. And for this, all the world must be demolished! This destruction will be that way: Everything will be destroyed isometrically and simultaneously. There will be no place to escape. No one will rise to the top in this destruction.”
“This is the doomsday! What kind of that machine? It will bomb? It is a biological weapon? Will it destroy everything?”
“No! This is not so. Roughly speaking: This is a communication tool. Think that, an absolute communication is established in the universe. You can’t think that because it makes a human mad. This is the communication tool which considers your all facts, considers your all frustrations unaccountable by anyone, your all feelings and fantasies, your all cases just you can know at a corner where life threw you at random. The communication tool would hear even your hoarse voice… With walls, stones, mountains, clouds and rainbows… You think that you would even speak with the dead and primitive men, and speak even with the ladders of your evolution… More importantly, beyond the speech, this is the communication tool that is beyond the language. This is a communication with the real nature, Cigan! This will start with destroying that old idea of the nature in human mind! Do you understand? However, this is not ignoring the nature. This is not to make the rational thought dominant over the nature. This is so thing… To understand the nature. For the first time, to understand the nature truly. How can I say… Making a speech with the nature in real terms. When a man once makes contact with his own nature, he will be free! See, this is a very serious destruction. The destruction of the big human history that has fought with the nature… This will be writing of the new nature book.”
“This is so weird. Unbelievable! Namely, I don’t know what to say. How does something like that happen?”
“This machine has been made. There is everything, what you can think, as raw material of the machine. From eyes of sheep to Hegel’s books, from dinosaur’s nails to earliest stones of the world as five billions aged… We’ve made this machine. But I could not do my duty.”
“What’s your duty? To find the picture of Paulician?”
“Yes. Do you know what for this picture? The person in the picture, namely that Armenian Paulician man who was a follower of Bogomil, maybe is not a very important person as historical. We don’t know even his name. Nevertheless, Chaos who destroys everything and attaches again, once appeared on the face of this Paulician man. On that day of the disaster… Whatever he had seen… In the presence of what he saw, he had raised his laughing. Chaos’ laughy face had appeared on his very small head. Chaos has very rarely showed itself on a human face. That’s why the face of the Paulician was important for us. By means of the machine, we would establish the communicate with Chaos to destroy everything. And, we need this laugh to make Chaos out, who is complexity and puts everything in order once again. We haven’t started the machine yet. The picture would be the first thing that the machine would make contact with. We would communicate with that chaotic moment of the Paulician. Thus, the machine would start to process. But I could not find the picture.”
“What’s going to happen? The project is finished? So?”
“You have never interested in the picture,” Elma says, “You’ve always followed for something else. But what for, I don’t know. Maybe you have sought the drawings of the machine or the files which depict making of the machine and starting. Because you knew that: There were other pictures. Chaos has laughed too little in this world. And this regard, Paulician was not the only person. If you destroyed the picture I sought, it was not easy to reach to other pictures. I could not find that picture, but they, my friends, found two pictures. A picture of the face of a knight in the 15th century; and another picture the face of a Jew about the 20th century. But the matter is what I could not understand: Why did you kill Zgon? Zgon wasn’t in the project. He never heard about it. I just mentioned the picture to him. I guess, you noticed he was seeking the picture and you supposed that you would reach the machine. Am I right?”
“No…” says Cigan, swings his sweaty hands towards to the direction of the ground, moves his shoulder hardly, opening his eyes widely. He raises his voice on top:
“You’re missing an issue out. The issue that is very important for me. Love… I love you Elma!”
“Hah! You started again. That’s why you killed Zgon?”
“Yes!” shouts Cigan, then softens his voice, “I was following Zgon. For not the machine or so. I mean, I don’t know how to say... Elma… This impossible machine that you mentioned… The police found the documents of the machine long time ago.”
“The machine is not impossible!”
“Listen to the reason now, Elma! Your project fell long time ago. You’re fooled. Sad to say but… You believed in all of these. There is no a machine like that!”
“You’re full of shit!”
“Sorry for you…”
“You also think I’m a mad, don’t you?”
“I didn’t say like that.”
“Fehima also was thinking so... The woman had waited for the day when I would go crazy, along her life, and then died!”
“I don’t think you’re a mad! I just tell you the truth! Do you remember the wedding night when I first saw you? At that night all of members of the organization that you mentioned were collected already!”
“No, no! Anyone can’t do it!”
“All of you were nothing but just a handful of Chapullers in the eyes of them,” says Cigan, and as minimal as he decreases his voice, “You underestimated the powers. And now all of you are in jail. As the case with you… The six police man killed. Who cares the police? Everyone knows that you didn’t kill the police. When we were in the Balkans, all of your photos were shown everywhere here. They called ‘The Doomsday’s Soldiers’ to you. And you’re brought here as a member of the organization.”
“Get over it! You can’t comprehend The Laugh of Chaos. Tell me just that: Why did you kill Zgon?” Elma asks.
“I told you it tons of times. I followed Zgon. I reached his e-mails that he wrote for you. He was in love with you like a mad.”
“Did you enter my account?”
“Not you but his. What I told you before was true Elma. I knew Zgon. He was my friend. You used to come in his antique store. He always mentioned me that how he was loving you or so. But he didn’t know my case. I was grudging so…”
“Jee! Look at the love!” Elma shouts, moving away from the door and finding a place where she would escape from the moon light.
“What a noble love… Between the deep state and Chaos soldiers, making love greedily…”
“Ha ha!” Cigan laughs and drops his eyes. “The sky,” he stammers indicating the folds on his face, “Even if you don’t trust me, I’ll tell you that Elma: I have learnt to look at the sky with you!”
“So...” Elma says, popping from the blind spot of the cell, like a jinni, she closes to Cigan as if almost stabbing her eyelash to Cigan’s eyes, and passes her face through some invisible bars, whispering:
“So… Look at the other place now! For example, the basement of the house in Galata… The real thing waits for you there!”
“What is there?”
“You think I am a mad! You don’t trust me! So you are going to go there and see everything. You’re going to the basement of the house in Galata. The truth waits for you there.”
“I’m not going to anywhere!” shouts Cigan.
“You are going to do Cigan! Because I learned what you never do! For example, you never drink coffee with gum!”
“Coffee with gum? What are you talking about? Zehra’s bullshits…”
“You feel nauseous! You can’t stand even the word gum. Gum, gum!”
“Stop it! What are you doing? You see me as Transkovac now? Transkovac dead!”
“No! You also know well that he didn’t die! Transkovac is you now! Even if I marry you, you’ll never drink coffee with gum, Transkovac…”
“I feel dizzy. As you speak, you’re taking my ears out. Will I pull my tongue and throw it in front of you? What are you trying to do with me, Elma?”
“You know where you are going to now! Transkovac… The lover man who never drinks coffee with gum…”
“No! Enough!” shouts Cigan, with his weird voice nibbling the walls of the prison, he rebounds, moves away from Elma’s repetition as “At the basement floor you are not going to drink coffee of gum!” As soon as he goes through the door of the prison, he takes his tears out of his mouth.

* * * * * *
How many hours left to the earthquake, Kleio? Time who is in the cone of the Galata Tower, that old and white-bearded Armenian Time who let his night and daytime down from Ararat… Have you even seen Time, Kleio?
“Yes! He is arraying the screams of the disaster on his intestine, waiting something with riddling clocks with holes, and for the last time, he remembers everything but all of everything.
Yes, on that big day, I was keeping my promise for Fehima. On a detailed paper, that would never come to an end if I were wallpapering all the house with it, I was writing the same things:
“Broken ground, ragged cloud, catch the hound!”
What for I kept Fehima’s promise? Why does a nymph, who is drowned with a spit in the trash of the history, keep a promise for a human? That’s why I loved Elma very much?
I was folding the paper, cutting and hardly getting the paper in an animal skin as crescent shaped and sized as a finger. I was doing it not because of my love or of my respect elders. I don’t know, as soon as I came into the world, gods and goddess’ had planted my servant conscious in my tulle mind! Hesiod was right: Even if I destroyed Olympus, I wouldn’t change my servant case to even golden ships! Because I desire that. If I destroyed the world, I would carry my servitude as an instinct on my elbows.
A voice was heard when I dropped the amulet from my hands for third time. The outcries of Cigan, “Shit my life,” his invocations…
And now, he is crying on a couch in the hall of the flat in Galata, in the late Fehima’s house. His eyes, that can remove even Satan, are so buried its own holes that as if Cigan sees the world by his fingers. He stands up and comes down the ladder. What does he see on the ladders? In cleaned clothes a little girl. With his fingers he sopped his tears in, he touches the shoulder of the little girl and she jumps out of the apartment.
Smells of earthquake in air… A meerkat, that has glance like kind of marble, is waiting very sad. One cat is wrapped and shows his buttoned pathy. Then, who looks… Seven years old the same little girl looks at the Galata tower from the corner of the street, later she hides her face and starts to cry. Why does she cry? She comes into another street’s mouth, running. The view of the tower is also visible from this street, she runs into another one. But again from there… The Galata Tower pops up wherever she goes. It is as if the tower bends to the right and to the left, following the little girl!
The little girl stops in front of Cigan who waits in the middle of the street. Cigan bends over to the little girl, looks down her crying face, smilingly, “What waits for us in the basement floor? Tell me little girl!”
The girl doesn’t reply, holding Cigan’s hands she makes their way climbing down the stairs together, comes into the basement floor and looks around. An old chest! The little girl rummages the chest that is attached the wall. She seeks something around but can’t find, then gets really angry and closes the chest very strongly.
What’s happening, the plaster of the wall that touches the chest is cracking. Firstly, spiders running away, and then the wall cracks again and something shines beyond the plaster. Cigan takes a stick from the ground, hits on the cracks. The plaster pours out and a door appears. Just as a researcher bird, he does the best and cleans the around the door, tries to open the door, and opens. It’s not dark blue, not at all black beyond the door, just only brown darkness…
The little girl is still near to him, I see them walking in this darkness. Cigan has a cheap flashlight in his hand, flashes it ahead. Is this place the Chapullers’ tunnel that Saltuk mentioned? Or is the meeting room of the rebellious Serbs? Further, another door appears. They walk but don’t be able to see the bugs, easily they come close to the second door. The door isn’t opened! Cigan hangs on the handle, pushes, and pulls. God’s hand holds it? Damned door doesn’t even move.
Without being aware, the little girl touches the backs of some hairy animals with her hands, and finds a tiny shovel hung at the wall. Cigan takes the shovel, with sweaty hands, dropping sweat, cannot wipe his face, he pushes the shovel at random, and then cleans the soil under the door. He tries the door once again, pulls it.
The door finally opens. However, behind the door some big bricks block the way. Cigan examines the bricks, tries to remove them but they don’t move, hits with the shovel, gives kick, spits, sprays the sweat on his face, shoulders. It doesn’t work, he sweats buckets. The little girl’s tooth is broken because of her thrill. The ground buries the shoes, it’s very hot. Are the fountains being broken? Entropy is increasing, Cigan is getting angry and shutting the door strongly.
They turn back now, don’t care about behind of the bricks. But they hear something and stop at once. Who blows? The ground is vibrating, the temperature, everything is shaking, a noise is increasing, entropy, vahu, what’s happening, the bricks beyond the door are turning over? Is the Chapullers’ curse waking up? It is the Laugh of Chaos? So?
How can I depict it… There is a dust as big as enormous Turkey! Cigan and the little girl, all in torn-apart clothes and with faces covered with dust, try to find their ways on the street. The air is covered with dense fog. People shout and run away. The shake continues, some beams burst, some irons make holes in livers, ugh, buildings collapse, columns fall, chandeliers explode, chimneys break, animals run, antennas bend, the dead die once again and again till be excommunicated, some survivors run away to shores, and some poems are being written at a distant. I won’t speak about the jinn at all!
Where are you, Kleio? This is the long-awaited big Istanbul earthquake!
Cigan still lives. The little girl disappears? He seeks her, gets dizzy, and then gives it up. He now sees a Romani boy with a tabor in his hands, the boy who expressionlessly watches around while everybody rushes here and there. He holds the child’s hands and gets him up. The two walk in the midst of the shake and the fog. Cigan sees something, an old open top jeep, deals with it, starts. They get in now, opening headlight, driving through the debris. Where are they going?
They are on the pier of Karakoy but cannot see the pier, without seeing and even deploring they mount on dead bodies and come down again, enter a hollow place with sand and pebbles. Behu! This is the place left from the Bosporus water?
The sea is ebbed, and all boats and tank ships are turned over, who knows what’s more happening, a fog hangs over. Bridges, mosques, flagpoles, everything collapsed! Neither the state, nor faith, nor religion! A few still standing historical buildings are about to fall down as well, or fell down, falling down.
The jeep moves springing in the hollow place left from the sea. A voice comes, the Romani boy at the back seat starts to play his tabor, catches a rhythm lively, and without excusing Chaos laughs, and the child sings the song “Siki, siki Baba.”
How many people do stomp on the ground and which deer does carry this plate on its horn? The child sings by his heart in Turkish:
Gözlerinin uğruna (For the sake of your eyes)
Ben canımı adadım (I have devoted my life)
Senden başka kimseye (No one but only you)
İnan aşık olmadım. (Believe me, I haven’t fallen in love with)

Even though the jeep is hurled because of the craggy ground, Cigan tries to get hold it. At the back the view of Besiktas-Uskudar is seen, the line of action is bent very badly. Who sticks on and what? Kadikoy kisses Zeytinburnu, and the Kiz Kulesi (Maiden’s Tower) escapes to who so? Kiz Kulesi is nailed into the ground upside down, but the place, where the tower used to stand on, is still there like a small mound and is grinning.
The Romani boy continues to play the music and to sing the same song. Some people appear immediately. Who are they, who have gas masks on their head… Weird flags in their hands… “We are walking on Earth, we are smoothing all borders!” they say. Where is that Armenian, where is Time? “Chapullers are coming!” they say. One of them runs, holds onto the jeep from behind, and accompanies the song with his trombone. Fin fin, fik fik… The lyrics are senseless:
Siki siki baba
Hayni hayni yaba
Helik melik duni
Gel fakiri yaba
The jeep goes towards Europe now, and Kadikoy almost sticks at the back of the vehicle, and in Istanbul all dimensions decrease, and people are being miniaturized, and number of people is increasing each second. All of them shout the same slogan:
“This is just the beginning. We will keep fighting!”
Some people light fires, some put up tents. The Romani boy sings his song, a group of people walk behind the jeep and wave some rags on their hand. These are not even rag but nylon. The vehicle passes over Sarayburnu, in the historical peninsula. The surrounding fog is some dispersing. What’s seen? Millions of people look like insects that are rubbing each other on a longish carpet in humid areas of a cave.
Everyone is becoming Chapullers? Someone curls up and steals some jewelry from apartments of Cigangir, around Taksim, and someone bursts out laughing on the fault line. Some having barbecue and learning Taekwondo… Are women still cooking? Are the homosexuals putting up tents now? Some people are fighting each other.
I’m the one who saw the October Revolution in Russia and who counted the workers’ eyes one by one, the workers who killed the last counter-revolutionist Cossacks in the Winter Palace… And now I try to catch what are being reflected on my cameras.
Some bodies reflect on my cameras, the bodies that are having intercourse with the tectonic movements of earth, I see. The bodies that are swinging with Jupiter on the same cradle, and are being tickled with the tide of the Moon that is a paste-eyed and is still vibrating the planktons…
Beyond the issues of human as freedom-equality or so, I see the bodies that are touching earth’s surface for the first time after a long time. Istanbul is being destroyed as the sun is sneezing and saying “Destroy!” The bones, that won’t be fossilizing, are already broken one by one. Without asking “Where is the Sea of Marmara going?” the people are waiting for the volcanic eruptions that will tear everything down and will be causing to new lives when the time comes.
Everything falls into confusion. How I can express that? As far as I see, no one prays at this place, and one man with metallic-color snow mask scratches at his own shoulder by using his violin, plays “siki siki” and gathers the fatherless people. Two people draw graffiti on the place abandoned by the sea, using all colors of the rainbows.
What are they writing so? The song ends and Romani boy’s mouth goes dry. Is there any water? The water is escaping. Jumping the jeep the boy sticks on the back of someone, of who has water, and he disappears too.
Cigan is moving away from the place by himself. At his back, millions of dead are there. Istanbul is demolished and a crowd as the lava is melting the concretes, and in front of the crowd there is a colorful writing in Turkish:
“Istanbul’s silhouette is decaying!”


Three is three…
One day, you were angry and an earthquake appeared in your fortune. What a bummer...
Being seized with that your truth, and hugging the dark blue rushes of your enemies, you didn’t believe the others, my friend.
You loved the killers and then you did be loved until becoming purple. Ridiculous...
While a chandelier was stoning Adam in a hole, you died too, so...
There is no left to say anymore, you died with all yours!
Do not chat anymore, you died. All of your presidents died!
No need your legacy, bugs are dancing on your grave now, you had died, you died.
They are doing nasty things on your debris, and worms dig a tunnel on your throat.
There is some time left as four steps of space more or less, or three steps for you.
Be patient, what else can you do for it, my fellow...
Your brain is dying hardly, it is dying last, and it is very tough…


“Time, what you mean, has just died,” other birds say. It’s not even getting dark in Kosovo. Even the broken pronunciation of the word “Earthquake” cannot put someone’s mind at ease in the case talking about the masses.
When the humanity believes in re-attaching of Earth, and when they don’t know why they immigrate like a bevy of swallow, the masses would frighten everyone, make everyone map once again. I’m afraid, my friends, of all kinds of crowds. This is not because I’m an eagle. We are living creature, for God’s sake!
Cigan also fear as a living being and the others too… However, no one has started to move yet. Thus, Cigan nods his head, and a sparrow breaks the silence: “That’s that!”
“Boje,” says the Albanian woman and calls her own god for the last time. Suleyman shuts his wife up immediately: “Did it really happen? The great Istanbul…”
He is very sorry. Because he won’t smuggle any cheap shampoo from Istanbul to Pristina once again? Who knows what he feels bad about…
I look at the old Serb, he seems very universal and makes some analyses in a low voice: “The earthquake… The force of the nature… Any concept can’t deal with the nature.”
With that, Cigan raises his voice: “I have told you the truth! I found a cursed door opening to the tower. Then the tower collapsed and so did the whole Istanbul!”
Everybody stays silent. But someone moves, who? What does the Bosniak man, the place owner, grub up leaning the wall? He is grubbing his confusion by his mustache popped out like a knitting needle!
This time Cigan also lights a cigarette. The old fortune teller woman turns her eyes, maybe she feels shame because she has no word about this disaster, bending, she only stretches her felt socks.
I think Suleyman also feels shame because he couldn’t reach his friend in Istanbul, the friend who is stone dead now. What’s more, he still waits for everything will resolve themselves.
The Albanian woman, how to say, in spite of her stillness, she cares nothing for this, she only thinks about her unborn baby, but not the future. After all, the unborn baby is not a future, because babies’ lullabies had written a long time ago.
Since the Bosniak man witnessed to everything in the Bosnian war, he has known that everything is possible in the world, and I guess he loves only his own place, namely Mesto, now.
The communist old Serb is sorrowing really and sincerely, but with his sorrow, he hope about a communist world that will arise from this destruction and will resist against this exact destruction. He cannot leave his concepts in no way. However, the dialectics are being deleted as the late death approaches. Even an atheist performs prayer as a late death approaches.
A latecomer death is a thing what an eagle fears mostly.
The fortune teller woman stares in her immoveable mood as a flour sack, rests her eyes that lost their brightness with cigar smoke. A light reflects from somewhere. From which hill? Is someone holding a mirror from a hill?
Suddenly the ears raise: What hops, who hits, sound of gun is heard!
Except the fortune teller woman, everyone walks to the edge of the road. Where from do the sounds come out? The old Serb man shouts confidently: “This is a Kalashnikov! The sound comes from there!” But where? He doesn’t point any side of the road.
From there! I shake my feather and reduce my puffs once more time. Two hours past, or didn’t, I’m flying now. There, to the direction where an ocean blue Golf holdover from 80’s comes to Mesto at full speed… I’m flying over the car. In the car there is a middle-aged and a typical Albanian man with a big spot on his right cheek. At back seats are full of objects. Televisions, blenders, tablets.
Does he escape from Chapullers?
He goes toward Prizren. I see Mesto again, we’re approaching there. The people in Mesto are important persons for me now. I’m getting excited. We are stopping in front of them. The Albanian man opens the car window and shouts: “What are you waiting for? They are coming from Turkey. The Chapullers are coming! Run away!”
The Serb man runs after the car, ignoring his rheumatism. The Albanian man in the car doesn’t care the old man and steps on the gas. We are moving from away Mesto. But he cannot stop the car, he wants to do but can’t because of a cramp on his feet, his all body so softens that he cannot even touch the pedal. He is going to hit that rock soon, he cannot stop.
I escape from the car and climb an electric pole, lean my back on the wires, oh, as if leaning a violin bow, I’m sliding, to where? To where I would see that fluid movement in Mesto. What happens? Cigan shouts at the top of his voice:
“I am leaving now. There is enough space in the car. Come along if you want.”
The old Serb, the Albanian woman and her husband Suleyman come to close the jeep, without making any sound. Just as they open the car doors and get in, a blowup heard! Each blowup belongs to someone! The place owner opens his hands as if embracing Mesto and everything includes even the slugs on five hundred square-meter space. He is scared half to death, that’s why he shouts: “I have some important things in the kitchen. Molim vas, help me! It won’t take even five minutes, let’s carry them into the jeep. Come on!”
Someone steps aside in Mesto, someone pulls tissues off because of the stress, someone thinks as “If that Bosniak is keeping the accounts in this terrible day?”
Just then Cigan starts the jeep and drives it into the garden and opens the trunk. The fortune teller woman doesn’t eat berries, but why she still stays put? The others carry the sacks, piled at the door by the place owner, to the jeep. The sounds of guns! From where?
I lift my head and look at the sky, but I can’t smell any fume. In order to see only one bullet fired in the air, I stretch now, push and pull things what I can hold, in some way, I get free from the electric cables, and I fall an old military vehicle. I am shaking now, the vehicle passes by Mesto at full speed, blue-yellow flag of Kosovo is waving, and I’m jumping down.
The Albanian woman and Suleyman are running on me. The woman smiles behind the vehicle, because “These are ours…”
The second doesn’t pass and but how lives end… One more military vehicle passes by Mesto. Huge tires could fill my grave and wheels could break my neck, but I don’t want a human to crush me, and I move over.
To the place where I left, Suleyman runs and tries to catch the military vehicle. It is the International Peacekeeping Force (KFOR). The driver of the vehicle is an Afro-American guy and he stops the car, opens the door.
Suleyman shouts in Albanian: “What is happening?”
The driver (in Broken Albanian): “Terrible things are happening!”
Who knows what Suleyman is amazed at? In this confused mood he raises his hands. The driver moves away slowly. Suleyman runs after them, from the back he shouts:
“Why are you heading that way? Aren’t they coming from this side? Hey! Stop!”
This time the driver speaks in English, “I can’t understand you. Speak in English! What are you talking about?” Anyway, he doesn’t care and speeds up, drives away.
Suleyman raises his head as a toilet seat cover and looks at the others who wait for getting wet like the ceramic tiles, “The American… I asked, but he didn’t understand me. Why are they heading that way? The Chapullers are coming from this side. Oh, maybe they started plundering from the other side.”
The Albanian woman (cleverly): “The Chapullers, what you say, are both here and there.”
The place owner (skeptically): “Maybe the soldiers are running away, too.”
The old Serb (revolutionary always): “The middle east and Balkans’ peoples revolted all together, joj!”
With the steps opening some rightward and some leftward, they diverge each other, however, after some minutes, without speaking, they meet at the trunk of the jeep. They continue to load the rest of the sacks.
With a known snarling, the fortune teller speaks and calls Cigan: “Son! Come and sit by me.”
While others continue to load sacks, Cigan looks at the old woman saying “What happened?”
The old woman is rather calm and lights up her cigar with only one action: “I have something in mind. I didn’t quite understand it.”
Cigan: “Later… First, we must run away from here, and then we can talk about it. They are coming!”
The fortune teller woman: “Wait a moment. I will ask you something. You loved a woman with a chaotic soul. Your story is quite interesting… Then that curse of the Galata Tower… You found a cursed door and then the tower destroyed. Just then all Istanbul too… I know that curse. I had once listened to this curse several times in the past. Nevertheless, I obsess about that… What did you expect to see in the basement of Fehima’s house? Why did you do what Elma wanted? Your story is very complex. I don’t get it! Who are you? Don’t you drink coffee with gum? That burned poor man in Montenegro… Are you Transkovac?”
“Love…” Cigan stutters again and stretches his own face as if throwing his nose out, “How your chimes come out from hell, which put a human in different moods…” Cigan speaks, “Elma also made me like that… I loved her like a mad. She used it. She used my love. But I don’t know how she used it.”
The old woman: “Did she have secret powers? How did she do it?”
Cigan: “On the contrary, she didn’t have any powers at all. So, her weakness surrounded me. Against her mood, I lost my bearings! As she got weak I was coming into a situation that I could not control myself. I had wanted to let her made a Transkovac of me. Or another one wanted this. Who wanted? I don’t know, the fortune teller. This is hard to say. Whatever happened, after this I haven’t still drunk coffee with gum at all. Like a river, I passed through that tunnel and found the door. Then… You see…”
The old woman opens her big nose holes wide, as if shutting Cigan up, she takes a breath deeply and throws her hair back, stares at Cigan’s fingers, catches a vein and follows it on Cigan’s arm to elbow… Why is it purple so? Because of the curse?
She has blepharospasm and she thinks about something now. A fly perches on her hair. Her armpit is getting sweaty. She tickles and turns her thick belly. She is thinking again, is trying to remember all magics that she had done before. What exactly is she seeing? Some hazel eyes popping out from a cup. She is waiting, how many years she has waited, and now, she cannot hear that rings coming out Heaven, is trying to focus but it is not being.
Now the fortune teller woman is thinking about another kind of thing, she has a taste of kind of whey in her mouth. Many years ago, her child had died and she had buried the child by her own hands. The boy would appear in another human body, her old mother had told this to her. She has waited for the day when she would find her child again.
One day she had eaten a cake with cream and sauced in an Albanian patisserie, in Ulcinj, in Montenegro, but didn’t like its taste. She remembers it and makes a wry face. In a Serbian house in Krajlevo… Is it a carpet handled with Kiz Kulesi (the Maiden’s Tower) image on the wall? In fact, what happened on that day? Some people said they had seen her child in this house. She came to house, but the child got lost again. Then this woman threw some crops on a stream, and cured another Serbian child. Then she had sought her child everywhere. She roamed at the narrow streets of Split remained from medieval times, in Croatia. She scattered some part linen remained of the child, at the pavements colored beige. Someone told her: Some people saw your child on an Adriatic shore. Who knows on which islet of the Adriatic, and beyond which oxidized iron gate… The old woman had hoped saying maybe…
On one foot of her child, there were six fingers. When the child had started to walk, he resembled a goose. But this woman had been calling her child “my duck.” My duck… She is looking at Cigan’s feet now. Are there six fingers in his left shoe? However you think about it, his feet must be brown colored at best. Because of getting dirty with dirty walls… She is thinking and keeping silent as heated as she speaks.
Suleyman’s voice is heard from the jeep: “Come on, boy! We’re ready to go.”
Time to go. Cigan holds the old woman’s hands, just then, he stands up and heads toward the jeep. As soon as he goes, the old woman pulls Cigan by his arm, with the eyes filling with tears, she cannot speak even a word.
Cigan looks at her shriveled face at length. “I know what you are thinking about. I’m not your son. I’m not your duck… I’m sorry. Your child died. He died so young that he would not be reborn on anyone’s body.”
“How can you know all of these? Who are you?” the old woman asks in her weepy mood, and sinks the table once again.
Cigan dives into his checkered pants, seeking something, saying something: “You also know some things very well, the old woman. Take it. Do you remember?”
He takes a part of wood out, that its two ends are burned, and presses it into the old woman’s ringed hands.
The old woman: “This is… This is part of my scarecrow that I burned at the edge of the small lake. Yes, I cursed Elma. Her mother killed my son.”
Cigan: “Who knows what killed your son?”
The old woman: “How did you find me? You were passing through this road where God forgets, and came here… Nothing is an accident! Did you come here in order to remind me what I did many years ago? This part of wood. Where did you find it? My black magics… Joj, son… How can you know all of these?”
Cigan some smiles and pours some water, drinks it and frees his shoulder from the woman’s hands, with a finger movement he calls me. I porch on his right arm. He pats my leather, then my head. “This eagle. Who is telling everything to me…” He smiles and cracks a joke in his own way, but says the truth. After all, I am an official bird. One more time he pats my bust-head. I’m getting excited and feeling honored.
“Let’s get out of here, the fortune teller woman. Come on, people are waiting for us.”
She still persists in sitting, with her thoughtful eyes, she’s gazing around. Cigan sits in the driver’s seat in jeep now. The Bosniak man next to him combs his mustaches with excitement. Behind Suleyman, his hands are on his knees. The Albanian woman prays in Arabic. They call out the old woman. She maybe wants to bear the consequences of her magic, doesn’t go anywhere. Leave her, let she stays here.
The jeep works and moves toward Prizren. The weather is pretty clear. Cigan is tired of even his own meat and tongue, bits something and spits it through the open window. The sounds of guns divaricate more. The jeep advanced through the road with trees. The Albanian woman discovered a little cloud shaped as a baby in the sky, whispers something.
“I didn’t understand you, gospoje,” Cigan says.
The jeep’s engine is very noisy and everything shakes in the vehicle. After Cigan asks one more time, Albanian woman’s voice heard clearly:
“I said, Elma… Where is Elma now? Did you leave her so in the earthquake? If I loved someone, joj, I would find his dead, even his broken bones!”
Suddenly Cigan stopped, is very angry now, and kicks the pedal of brake, without stopping the car properly, he opens the door and jumps out. Where you headed? He goes saying “You go on, hurry up,” speaks no more and goes towards Mesto again. As he moves away Suleyman relaxes, without hesitation he starts the vehicle and continues the road.
My sharp talons don’t cut Cigan’s any parts. Did you think about why? This is because of my Besa. Like the young Constantin…
According to the story Constantin had a sister. And a dozen of elder brothers. This girl wanted to marry a man from a far away. Her mother couldn’t stand in this case. Because her unique girl would go away and she wouldn’t come back to see her mother anymore. Constantin found a way for that. Whenever the mother wanted to see her girl, Constantin would fetch her girl. He swore. Then an ominous time came up, a war broke out which killed Constantin and all his brothers. If the mother sorrowed for dead sons or for she would not see her girl once again? She sorrowed, but what’s more she got angry. And she maledicted Constantin because he didn’t keep the promise. A mother’s malediction doesn’t leave her son in peace, even in his death. So he also turned in his grave and stood up from the grave, in spite of his dead, he brought her girl to his mother. Because of his Besa…
My situation is like that too. In this inharmonious air, I have to put up with Cigan’s annoying there and backs. For this big day’s sake, I have been speaking that much because of my oaths that I swore to obey those laws ruling the nature. And what’s more, the light offends my eyes now.
However, Cigan dives in thoughts so deeply that he forgets all my weight. So, he stumbles on a part broken at asphalt and sprains his ankle. After an awesome pain, his blood drops down to his knees. He holds his torn pants and lies down on the grass. How many drops in all come out? His nose snuffs only the blood now. As soon as opening his eyes, he catches a cloud in the sky and likens this cloud to principals. Principals?
Now Cigan remembers that he used to shine shoes in streets nearby toy jeep climbing cardboard box in Beyazit, in Istanbul. Why had a principal been staring at his calves of the legs in his four ages?
What does a mother, you say, resemble to? Even a mother’s picture doesn’t take a shape in minds at random. Cigan also has a mind and thinks now. He smells only blood. In his mind his ear is bleeding in an orphanage. In the mind there are only commands ringing! He has to do something for someone, and has to do something for the principal of the orphanage, and has to stand up!
He stands up now, walking lamely and sweeping to Mesto. A chandelier breaks without paling in his mind. His little body was stretched badly at a place, and now it is stretching once again. There is some blood under the snow, it is freezing in his mind. Everywhere is blood. In darkness Cigan is grappling with something. He is very little, maybe six years old, is moving in the big plastic bag that is tied and hung on a basketball hoop. Or is he in a fetus? Someone cuts the bag with a scissor and he falls. The snow cools his ass, his feet hurt and Cigan takes his little and brown head out of the bag. And now, he likens everything what he sees to the principals. Because he had seen only the principal of the orphanage everywhere. He is crying, is about six years old. Then the principal pulls his ears. Will he execute Cigan by firing squad? He brings little Cigan in front of a wall full with posters, it is really cold. Cigan looks at pictures one by one at the wall. One picture is shining. Is that his mother? Her nose is very big.
Here we are, in the garden of Mesto again! The fortune teller woman’s big nose is shining because the old Serb is on the ground! How did we leave him! He lies down so. His centennial hat covers his face.
The old woman still sits the same table, as soon as saw Cigan, she starts to shout in her heated voice:
“This poor man died! Suffering a heart attack, miserable! God forgives his sins.”
Cigan approaches the body of the Serb man, the blood drops from his knee to the hat: “Ey mori stari… Oh old man… Will I burn you right now here? I don’t ask any money for this, hah? What about?”
Cigan doesn’t smile at all and this time doesn’t be afraid of the old woman’s voice:
“I knew you’re going to come back.”
“You know everything. But why didn’t say to us that this man is going to die, the fortune teller woman? If you said we would take a photo all together. Wouldn’t it be good?” Cigan says smiling and throws his mobile that doesn’t work anymore on the ground.
“I knew it. That Albanian woman, named Ariana, is a pregnant. In order not to make the poor woman affected, I didn’t say it.”
“You did fairly well. Would you like some raki? In your opinion, there is some raki? Did the penny pincher Bosniak man leave a bottle of raki for us? What about?” Cigan says and enters the empty kitchen where there is even no egg.
The old woman shows a bottle hidden by her and speaks: “He did, he did. He left quarter of bottle, but he took all glasses away. Stingy bastard!”
Cigan smiles and hobbles with his torn pants glued his wounded knee, and sits across old woman and grabs the bottle after she sips:
“His raki is good. Fair’s fair. But why did he leave this bottle while he took everything? I’m restless now!”
“Maybe he couldn’t fit it in the sacks. Or maybe he considered us? He left the tables too! Exactly, he must have considered us,” she says smiling heated.
“Maybe he considered that old man. Anyway… Are you ready to die, the fortune teller woman? They are going to eat us alive a little later. Did you also know to be eaten by people before?”
“Of course, son! I knew it! Instead of eating so blessing things in the world, they are going to eat my tough meat! Even this eagle doesn’t eat me, even if he goes hungry.”
“They won’t want to eat me too. Who eats a Gypsy? Even when they look at our faces, they hate us. How can they stand our taste? Am I right?” Cigan asks, but who listens to him? The old woman is snoozing now, is snoring as if moving the climbers. Cigan doesn’t care her and quaffs off the bottle, then checks the watch.
The blood flowing from the knee stops now, and his nose smells only plum. He raises his arms and opens his hands wide, comes close to the old man, repels the flies that gathered around the dead body. He notices that there is no sound of gun any more.
“Your Bogdan’s…” he says to the old Serb’s body, “The Albanians must have killed all family of your Bogdan. Who will come to their funerals, what do you think?”
Cigan jumps out of his skin because of a burst! The bottle fell down and scattered. Because the old woman is moving, doesn’t leave any bugs uncrushed, finally she is standing up. There is anybody else left to touch? She is feeling something approaching again, and steps her first step.
Opening her arms, “My Heaven…” she repeats, not to Cigan, she walks towards the road, opening her arms to the sky.
Yes! What’s doing is doing! Someone rings the bells! Rings are being heard everywhere! The sky… Cigan cannot take his eyes from the sky. Some lights are being pulled at random like smoke. All the colors that a black hole vomited are being separated again. Very straight lines, thin and calculated, proportional, transparent lines are spreading from Prizren to Turkey. The strong laser beams, that are lithe, are now building a gigantic bridge in the sky!
Cigan doesn’t speak any word nor calls the old woman who is roaming on the empty road like a blind person. He just listens to a buzz that can’t be out of his ears. Buzz!
The buzz is becoming a step voice with its each wave. The steps of a child who is in clothes with three colors. The child comes from the direction of Turkey and shouts something. This is not a child, but a dwarf. He is alone, approaches here repeating:
“Good news! Good tiding! Are you hearing the Laugh of Chaos? Of course, you are! Everything is meddling once again! Good news! People are speaking their dead ancestors! Frogs are greeting sparrow hawks! It’s connected with Chaos, my friends! The communication is established! You go there, I went there! You go there, I went there…”
The drawl is moving away from here now, but his voice is being heard. He is always repeating the same things and hopping.
Elma? This is the one question in Cigan’s mind: Elma and question mark in writing.
“The Chapullers! They are coming!” the old woman whispers. Some scary acnes appear on her face! “But they are…”
Are they Chapullers? I have to admit that they are coming here! They are coming from beyond the enormous noise!
They are coming with making stones speak each other, the stones that have remained separate for billions years. Clouds touching tips of grass, dead bodies confusing their graves, bits and pieces in pockets, dried streams and forgotten treasures… They make everything but everything speak each other…
The Chapullers are shaping in circles that are turning out each other, just then are solving again, and turning into long ropes tied the horizon. The Chapullers are diverging each other and are walking without touching the place where they are on. Whatever they have in their hands they play; flutes, bones, nails, jaws, brooms… Without trying to find any harmonies, they can create pleasures. They tie some rags to who don’t know how to listen to this music.
Nations, it’s hard to count them one by one, are entangled each other... What I see? Are they the forgotten African tribes backmost? What about the Romanies, where are they? People are coming with things remained from the elderliness in the world.
There are some running people as if melting the hills they climb. Some people jump as if bending all directions, some people establish dialogues with the soil that they take by handfuls. There are some people lined all young generations up, dead or living, and are walking with their ancestry. Some people push each other, some take shape as a tire and pull each other, some take photos with mice, some warn ostriches, and some make deers burst into laughs. All together they are coming with vultures, with squirrels playing marches by using nuts, and with eagles who are still loyal to their states like me.
They are traveling around the world, they say, they are walking on whole earth, they say, to prevent that any state will be found in the world once again, they are going to shallow all mounds all together!
Did Cigan know all of these, who don’t tell any secret to a sworn eagle like me? Should I still porch on his arm? Where exactly does an oath, you say, start and where exactly does it end?
Without saying anything to the old woman, he is going walking toward Prizren. Even if it’s late, the old woman notices that:
“Where are you going, son? Are you escaping from these living beings? Joj, what did you tell us… My God… How did you depict this beautiful people… So that we wouldn’t see this beauty and escape from here… How did you scare us so… And now, you are going! To where?”
“I had to tell you this people as they are killers and plunderers, the old woman. I’m a man of the state. And as it is taught and ordered, I had to make propaganda of the state. But you see I couldn’t do it. You are watching the goings-on with admiration!”
Without looking at the old woman’s eyes, Cigan turns his back to her. However, the woman throws a stone from back, shouts:
“Where are you going? Stay with me, son. How in the world does a Gypsy agree with a state?”
“Shoeshine boys, musicians, or dustmen… Except these, all other jobs don’t suit us, as Gypsies, don’t you think so, the old woman? You’re wrong! I have to go.”
“Where?”
“This people are demolishing all the states on the earth. But one day they will establish a state again. Where can a Gypsy go, whose state is demolished like me, I’ll go there. I’m going before them, because maybe they will need me one day. To establish a new state…”
This time the old woman throws a more little stone at him and wounds his face. Just then, she takes the magical wooden part out and breaks it by using her two hands. She smiles and shouts without moving:
“You lie! You are going to Elma! A Gypsy doesn’t work for a state, son! You are going to seek Elma. I know. I swear I understood it when you took your first step here. Go! All the best! Go!” She says and can’t stand anymore, bursts into tears.
But Cigan doesn’t go, with his calm eyes and bleeding cheek, he walks towards the old woman. I porch on his shoulder again and immediately he pets my head, then takes me his right hand petting my leather.
“Why are you crying the old woman?” he says, “Listen what young people say now, are you hearing? From now on, we don’t allow any death, they say. What about you, the older woman? Are you returning from death’s door in your ages? Haha!”
The old woman, both smiling and crying, almost she speaks by her own open arms: “Poor old Serb… He lost by a neck the immortality!”
Cigan laughs, “What’s done is done. We’ll erect his sculpture as a last dead human,” he says and turns old Serb’s body.
But the dead body is lost. And the flies so did! There is no any trace of him on the ground! Wonderingly Cigan does so weird something that I have never seen before, but I immediately grab this movement’s meaning. With the weird movement, he frees me!
I’m flying as if decoloring my millennial feather that has been in the same color, I’m flying now. I’m passing through all rings of snakes that I killed!
What am I hearing? In this open and sweltering weather, what can be heard? Of course the ding dongs!
What am I seeing above? There is the traditional and peasant hat left from the old Serb. As to the Albanian woman, she must be having a miscarriage in the day like that! Maybe Suleyman is being mixed in a Shamanist prayer. The Bosniak man? Getting free from his dead wife, he is trying to reach his Jew love. I saw it!
People didn’t eat the old woman, yes! But they made an enormous tree of her! Her abundant hair became perch for big birds.
Who listens to Cigan’s state fantasies now? As soon as he mingled with the crowd, the people swallowed him! In order not to left any atomic idea of the state from him, Cigan is being digested by oldest herbs.
As to the Chapullers, what you say, now they are making new songs up in Mesto’s garden. They take old Time among them and are making an immortal banner of Time. All together they make that fascist Space angry:
“Everywhere Taksim, everywhere resistance!”
I’m raising, I’m more raising over some air that is emancipated now. Well, what am I seeing? What can be seen from so high? With my eagle mood, with my sharpest eyes that are flung to freedom, what more I can see? Nothingness…
A kind of nothingness that prevents any wondering about what’s going on down there…
A dark hope that became comic is what I all see...
Or a freedom that takes the form of a snake.
What happened to Elma? Well, I have no authority to say something about her…


# # #


Thank you for reading this book.

If you have anything to say, you can reach me via e-mail:
ilipiskale@hotmail.com
