Apollyon's Saint Descendants of Salem
By Zachary Koukol
Smashwords Edition 
Copyright © 2014 by Zachary Koukol All rights reserved

The tenth part in the series Apollyon's Saint
Chapter One

The Celt god's were walking behind Morrighan through a forest. Their eye's were watching the skies above them. Gabriel looked up seeing a tangled mess of branches and tree's. They had been walking for hours and Gabriel assumed they were heading towards Mount Olympus to the Greek Kingdom.
Though he was not sure since no words had been spoken since Morrighan gave her orders to the other gods. It seemed as though they had lost Apollyon's legion. Gabriel had not seen any demons since the one Morrighan had killed in the field. The god's would not stop even for a moment to rest and Gabriel could no longer keep up with their pace.
Leaning up against a tree Gabriel slid down it to the ground. His legs were jelly and could not keep him upright any longer. He watched as the Celt god's and what was left of their warriors vanished from his view. There was no point in him trying to keep pace with the gods. The pendant would bring him within range anytime he wanted to use it.
Looking up he could see that the tops of the tree's where he was had been seared. Like a fireball had just grazed the tops leaving the forest below untouched. Mother nature and the universe was just as much of a kingdom as any other. Their warriors are the undeniable laws of physics and what happens when the gods try to bend them.
The god's and man messed with her so much that she finally hit her breaking point. As if she was an untamed animal who would fight against anyone who tried to capture her power and beauty. It's something mankind already knew but the gods didn't like their power being questioned by even physics.
The ground had crispy leaves that had fallen from the tops. Seeing them just made Gabriel's head hurt. Reality had become insanity and he did not even know where he was. Was he really in a trunk, in visioning what was around him. When he slept in this vision, were the dreams just a new line of reality or insanity.
Thoughts about what was real and what was not ran through his head as he tried to fall asleep. He had this same struggle with reality in the past but now it was getting harder and harder to believe in what he saw. It was as if he read an unrealistic story but then had to accept it as the truth. Because he was now living in the unreal story and the author went insane.
Like a tangled web of dreams, lies, visions, and feelings. Maybe it was all Apollyon's plan and he had become the author. Even though Gabriel sometimes felt free of him, he still felt like one of his snares lay ahead every corner. Giving up the struggle with reality, Gabriel let himself fall back asleep and accepting anything as reality was as if going to sleep in a dream.
It wasn't long before Gabriel found himself in complete darkness. He knew it was another dream and looked around for the creature. Yet he was no where to be found and Gabriel could feel the effects of exhaustion even though he knew he was dreaming. Things had not become so distorted until he started using the pendant. It seemed like another gift from a god was just a curse.
Pages flew around in front of him, they were lit up. Though nothing else was and they almost glowed and they blew around. Gabriel could not even see himself, nothing but the pages. At first he just watched them and waited. The pages jumped out at him but he did not reach out for them. They had writings on them, but he made no attempts to read what they said.
The pages tempted him to reach out and read them but Gabriel did not. All he wanted was sleep and to be left alone from his thoughts, or dreams. Except there was no escaping them and the pages blew around faster and faster. Their light flashing in front of him. They were spinning so fast that the pages themselves disappeared and they were now just words floating around.
Words started to slow down in front of him. Gabriel tried to close his eyes but they glowed so bright that they were etched even on his eyelids. So with his eyes open or closed the words were still there right in front of him. It was even more annoying than Jack and all of his jumbling of words. Always out of context though they had a deeper meaning, they did not need to be thrown in his face.
“Go away!” Gabriel yelled into the darkness. The words just danced around in front of him.
“You don't see the writing?” The creature from his dreams said.
“I see it, but go bother Jack with you words! Not me!” Gabriel said swinging at the words in frustration.
“What if I told you that it is not Jack who is crazy and possessed. But it is you, maybe you are the author of his madness?” The creature said.
“That's not true..” Gabriel said.
“What if you were only hearing him say those things? It was us speaking to you, and he was not really speaking.” A different voice said.
“You are just trying to confuse me...” Gabriel said.
“No....We want you to see what you are.” The creature said.
“Well what am I?” Gabriel said.
“You don't see it yet?” The creature said.
“No I don't, I see I am dreaming and want to sleep.” Gabriel said.
“Denial is the first stage, we will help you through the rest just read.” Another voice said. Gabriel was tired of their games and read the words. They were just a jumbled mess of words that could not be placed in any structure that made sense. The words moved around in front of him but still they made no sense.
“Here let me show you.” A voice said and a man stepped out from the darkness. Gabriel had seen the man at the suicidal writers society. He was the one who walked in unsure if he was a member or not. Organizing the words, the man stopped and then stepped back into the darkness again.
So many lives lost in these streets. 
Stories of kids who never grew up buried under the sidewalks. 
They walk over them every day but we still see them playing in the streetlights. 
We try to forget and say they are just mirages of memory. 
We heard the gunshots shatter dreams. 
The cries of the ambulance echoing in our hearts. 
Spread their ashes on the curb hoping its the last.
Still the urn is never empty for those who survive, we're the undertakers of the streets.
“What does this have to do with anything?” Gabriel said confused after reading the words.
“You are the one trying to figure out the context of dreams.” The creature said as another man stepped out from the shadows and began moving the words around.
“Will you be our chairman?” The man said as he moved the words around.
“What? I am no writer, and I don't want anything to do with your society.” Gabriel said looking away from the man. The man had finished organizing words and walked away. They were glowing even brighter, like an intense neon light.
“They advised me to just write. I would have said just find your deepest insecurity’s and express them in a way that leaves you the most vulnerable.” Is what was written in the darkness. Gabriel read it but it only added more to his confusion.
“Why do they want me to be their chairman?” Gabriel said looking at the creature.
“Their old chairman is possessed with a new master. You lead Jack right to Apollyon and so now they want you Gabriel.” The creature said pointing at a woman who stepped out from the shadows. The words changed from a golden color to a bright pink. But the woman simply swiped them away with her hand. They vanished like smoke in the wind as her hand swept by. The woman began to write with her finger tips and the words looked like glow sticks moving very fast.
“She was a bird born in a blizzard, a scarecrow to love, with an overdose of intelligence and depression.” The woman finished writing and then shouted the words.
“She was a bird born in a blizzard, a scarecrow to love, with an overdose of intelligence and depression!” The woman moved away and the words vanished with her.
“This is all just a dream, the society is not real!” Gabriel shouted as the woman vanished.
“No? Did we not come for you before you ever met Jack?” The creature said.
“No!” Gabriel said.
“You do not remember the dreams? When we came for you?” The creature said.
“I have had many dreams....Nightmares ever since I put on this pendant!” Gabriel said.
“Hmmm so you doubt that we exist?” The creature said.
“You exist only in nightmares creature!” Gabriel shouted.
“We just want someone to hear us again!” The creature yelled as another man came out from the shadows. He was in a tuxedo but the sleeves were cut off. The man held out his arms so Gabriel could see. He had marks from needles all over his arms. In the front pocket of the tuxedo was a spoon and needle sticking out. On the arm with torn sleeves was a rubber tube tied tightly to expose veins. The tube just dangled down from his arm.
“Look what is under the sleeves of fame Gabriel. This is what they have done to me!” The man said as liquid oozed out from the marks on his arms.
“Before you judge me for the needle tracks of my past. Know this is not blood of a fiend, but blood of a condemned youth, and forgiving future.” The man said.
“My faith is a corpse, though if you try digging it up you will find nothing but ashes and dust.” Another man said stepping out from the shadows.
“Everyone GO AWAY!” Gabriel shouted and the men stood their staring at him.
“I don't care about any of this. There is much more important shit going on right now. I don't have time to deal with your fucked up society. You all had your chance at life, but this is my time now!” Gabriel said as he got up and started chasing the creature through the darkness. Running as fast as he could, Gabriel still could not catch the creature. Members of the society began to appear all along the sides of Gabriel as he ran past them. Gabriel was having difficulties running and looked down and saw he was running on a train track.
“When this train wreck checks in at the station, just play me some sweet music and know I was not the only engineer of sins.” A man said standing on the side of Gabriel in an old train station. Everything went dark again and then a red rose was glowing on the ground in front of Gabriel. It's thorns had droplets of blood on them.
“My red rose left me saying somewhere in your darkness you will find a new flower to destroy.” A man's voice said as the red rose slowly died. From the dried up flakes of the rose came a new flower. It sprung up with a brilliant color of purple and the head of the flower bent down towards the ground.
“Nightshade came and went with my last sprout of humanity.” The man said as the nightshade died and crumbled to the ground. A white rose came up and caught Gabriel's eyes. In the foreground a massive full moon came up behind the rose.
“So I wept in the moonlight when I saw white pedals shinning. Untouched by the darkness all around her, my white rose came. Saying somewhere in our light we will find the seed to plant eternal love.” The man said as the moon shrunk down into a small seed under the white rose.
“My red rose left me saying somewhere in your darkness you will find a new flower to destroy. Nightshade came and went with my last sprout of humanity. So I wept in the moonlight when I saw  white pedals shinning. Untouched by the darkness all around her, my white rose came. Saying somewhere in our light we will find the seed to plant eternal love.” A woman's voice said as everything went black once more.
“Boom, boom, boom.” Gabriel woke up from his dream and was in the forest again.
“Crack, crack, crack.” Gabriel could hear the sounds of gunshots all around him. Though looking around Gabriel could see no one. Even after waiting for a little while he could still hear the gun shots but could not figure out where they could be coming from. The shots got closer and closer but as Gabriel walked around the forest he could find no one. It was as though the shots came from another dimension and that is when Gabriel decided to go back to the trunk in the city.
“Frigga Midgards calling!” Gabriel yelled holding the pendant. Now he was back in the trunk but the inside of the car was completely burnt. The seat that once helped seal him in was now just a metal frame.
“Crack, crack.” Gabriel heard in a quick burst. The city sounded like a battle ground and as Gabriel crawled out from the trunk he could see the scorched earth. Though many areas had not been burnt, maybe because the demons did not have time. Or it was almost impossible to burn a city to the ground one match at a time.
Most of the flammable buildings and wooded area's were burnt but much of the city remained. Gabriel could tell that the fighting had to be close and he used his ears to guide him. The shots sounded like they were coming from a forest area on the other side of the school. Shots continued to fill the air and Gabriel looked around for demons to see if it was safe to move.
Gabriel did not think there would even be any signs of humanity left. But the gunshots were a clear sign that somewhere someone was left and they were fighting. It could not just be one person either since each shot had a different sound and location. It reminded Gabriel of the sounds in the holes in Vietnam.
Looking around Gabriel could see no demons, so he cautiously walked along the side of the school. He was not sure where the shots were coming from but he walked towards the sounds. After walking past burnt homes Gabriel found a main street. Stores and gas stations lined the street all of them were burnt. Some were just ruins and others slightly scared.
The shots were getting louder and louder as Gabriel walked. Hiding behind a burnt bank, Gabriel watched a pack of demons running in the direction of the shots. Then more came running behind them, they were reinforcing the demons that were being shot. Once the last pack ran by Gabriel followed behind them.
Gabriel ran out in the open no longer scared of the demons. This was a chance to become a part of humanity once again and he was going to take it. Looking inside a car Gabriel saw a metal baseball bat in the back seat. The car and everything was burnt and only metal remained. Gabriel tried to open the door but the metal was warped from the heat. Reaching through the broken window Gabriel grabbed the bat.
Running once again, Gabriel found where the shots were coming from. It was a large grocery store with people lining the windows. Gabriel watched from behind the safety of a brick building. The people were shooting down the waves of demons coming in from around the city. The demons did not even have a chance to get close enough to attack. The demon's numbers seemed weak with all of them attacking over sea's. The packs came in five or six at a time and were quickly dispatched.
Gabriel watched and waited for a moment when he could approach the people. It was intimidating seeing them with all their automatic rifles hanging out the window. He knew that he could not wait very long though or the demons would find him hiding next the the building. Gabriel thought about the best way to approach them as he dropped the bat on the ground. He figured it was best to just go out in the open with his hands up.
Slowly Gabriel stepped around the corner with his hands up. As he rounded the corner a pack of demons ran out from a building in front of him. His chance was blown but he had no choice but to run towards the store and hope they accepted him. The demons were brought down just in front of him. Bullets bounced off the asphalt and corpses of demons right in front of Gabriel.
With arms in the air Gabriel felt a burning sensation just above his knee. His leg locked up and he fell face first into the asphalt. His mind processed what was happening and he knew he had been shot. Bullets ripped into his back and he could feel them penetrate through the bones. One ripped into his spine and his body went numb.
Unable to move Gabriel just let his senses take over. Blood soaked his back and pants and the sounds of shots stopped. With his mind racing Gabriel realized that these people were not friendly. They wanted him dead along with the demons and maybe it was for the best. Except Gabriel's curse was slowly taking over.
The wounds healed and all that was left was blood soaked clothing. He thought about his next move trying to stay completely still. His only chance was to get up and run but he had to wait for more demons to distract the shooters. Taking slow and shallow breaths Gabriel waited for his moment to run. Gunshots rang out and signaled Gabriel's chance to run. 
Getting to his feet Gabriel tried to run but was almost instantly shot down. Bullets tore into his chest and once again he was on the ground. Only feet from where he was shot down before. Unable to breath Gabriel struggled for air as his body went into spasms. His mangled body twitched as bullets silenced the spasms. Pain was the only thing Gabriel had left that he could depend on.
Again the wounds healed and his only hope was to escape what was left of humanity. Without waiting Gabriel got up to his feet and was gunned down again. He was not even able to get up from the ground all the way. The shots didn't stop though, they seared flesh and mangled his body. Everything went black and Gabriel was momentary free from his body. It was one of the most peaceful moments in Gabriel's life.
Nothing but darkness, void of emotion or feeling. It wasn't long though and he was back to his body as it healed from the attacks once again. Gabriel turned his head and looked at the people in the windows. They looked down at Gabriel in horror. It was impossible for anyone to take that many shots and survive. The blood loss alone would have killed a small village. Shots were fired again but it was only one to the chest. Not enough to drop Gabriel.
“Hold your fire!” A man shouted and the shots stopped. Gabriel could hear them whispering as he clenched his chest n pain. Turning Gabriel tried walking away but he felt another bullet hit him in the calf and he went down. Again it was just one shot, leaving Gabriel imprisoned in pain.
“Don't move or we will shoot!” A man said, Gabriel laid motionless on the ground. A group of men came out of the store and walked up to Gabriel with guns at the ready. They walked over corpses of demons and came right up to Gabriel. Gabriel's wounds healed but he did not want to be shot again. The pain was just to much to handle over and over again.
“Cuff him.” One of the men said as two others placed shackles over his hands and feet. As soon the men touched his skin, Gabriel went into hell's waiting room. Everything was dark, and then Gabriel could feel cold water rushing past his waste. He was now standing on a large river, and men were wading out in the water in a large line. At the end of the line was a priest who was baptizing the men.
One at a time the priest baptized each man. Turning around Gabriel looked at the line and could see hundreds of men waiting. Men that had already been baptized were being given clothing, and weapons. It looked more like a draft for a war than a religious ceremony. One of the men that had been grabbing Gabriel was dunked under the waters. Everything went black and Gabriel was back in the city. The men pulled Gabriel up off the ground and started leading them over to the store.
“What do you want with me? I came in peace!” Gabriel said struggling to keep up in the chains.
“You are not a human, I don't know what you are but I will let the priest decide what to do with you.” The man said.
“Priest?” Gabriel asked.
“Yes, we are Templar's on a crusade against all enemy's of the one true god. Sent by the pope himself to rid the earth of this plague of false gods and demons.” The man said. Gabriel could not believe that they would be so hostile to an unarmed man. They lead Gabriel into the store and sat him down next to a check out line. Some of the people were looting the store while others guarded the windows.
“Stay here with him.” One of the men said to another as he pointed down at Gabriel. The man sat down in front of Gabriel with his gun at the ready.
“I am not going anywhere its ok...” Gabriel said holding his cuffed hand up. The man said nothing and kept his gun up ready to fire. The man had on camouflage and body armor, the only thing he was missing was a helmet. Instead of dog tags he wore a necklace with a cross and his name was written on it. Gabriel tried to read it but it was too far away.
“CRACK CRACK!” Gabriel's ears started ringing as the store erupted in gun fire. The shots were amplified by the walls and Gabriel clenched his eyes shut. Sounds rang out from all around him and his chest was trembling to the shots being fired.
“Reloading!” One of the women shouted out. Gabriel opened his eyes, the man guarding him had a look of horror on his face. The end of his barrel let out a strand of smoke. The gun was shaking in his hands. Looking down at his chest, Gabriel realized he had been shot in the commotion.
“We need help over here!” The man said setting his gun down. The man rushed over to Gabriel and held his hand over Gabriel's chest to stop the blood. As soon as he did Gabriel was jolted back into the river. He watched as the man was baptized, then the darkness came and he was instantly back in the store.
“Its..... Ok...” Gabriel said coughing up blood. He tried clearing his throat but more blood filled his lungs and throat. Gabriel gave up on trying to speak and laid back with his eyes shut. The blood was choking his lung and he stopped breathing.
“Help!! I think I killed him!” The man yelled, but the gunfire masked his cry for help. The blood stopped pouring into Gabriel's chest and the wound was healed. Gabriel took a deep breath just to be sure that his throat was clear of blood.
“Its ok....Look!” Gabriel said pointing at his chest. The man stepped back and picked his gun up again.
“What are you?” The man asked raising his gun to a ready position.
“They are going to break through!” A man yelled as he opened fire out the window. A demon jumped in the window right in front of him. The man who was guarding Gabriel turned his attention to the demon and opened fire. Blood and flesh flew of from the demon and it took three gunmen just to bring him down.
“We need to get out of here before we get over run!” A man said pulling away from the window.
“Lets fall back!” A man shouted as he ran past Gabriel and into the store. Gabriel struggled to get on his feet in the shackles.
“Someone uncuff my feet!” Gabriel yelled as more demon's broke through the line. One of the demons lifted the man up who was guarding Gabriel and spiked him into the floor. The mans neck snapped and his cold dead eyes stared at Gabriel. The other men in the windows were being over ran as well. Gabriel finally got up to his feet and started running away from the demons.
Gabriel could not run at full speed though due to the chains on his feet. With each step forward the chain pulled and dug into his ankles. Gabriel made it to the other end of the store where men and women were running out the back. They were pushing shopping carts full of food and drinks. The man holding the door pointed his gun at Gabriel.
“You are coming with me!” The man said as Gabriel ran out of the store. Gabriel felt the barrel of the gun press up against the back of his head.
“Follow them and you better keep up!” The man said. Gabriel struggled to run down the streets. In front of him a man was trying to push a shopping cart but one of the wheels kept spinning around. Finally the man dumped the cart and started running faster.
“No one shoot or we will scare off the horses!” The man behind Gabriel shouted. Just a few blocks down from the store were horses tied up. Some of them even had makeshift wagons that they were pulling. People were loading them as fast as they could.
“There is no time throw the whole carts in and lets go!” The man shouted. People gathered together and put entire carts full of loot in the wagons. It still wasn’t fast enough though, people were already jumping on horses and whipping the reins of the wagons. The man behind Gabriel pushed him into one of the empty wagons. The wagon vanished and Gabriel fell head first into the river. He struggled in the light current for a moment and then pulled his head out of the water. Again he was back in the line of men being baptized. The man who pushed him was dunked under and things went dark. Suddenly Gabriel was inside the back of the wagon that he had been pushed into.
“GO!” The man shouted to the guy driving the wagon. Their wagon was the last one to leave and the wheels clanged and wobbled on the street. It was one of the bumpiest rides that Gabriel had ever been on. Gabriel looked out the back and could see hundreds of demons running behind them. He scanned the sky to look for the flying demons but there were none.
The man who pushed Gabriel into the wagon was aiming his gun out the back ready to fire. But the demons faded in the distance as the wagon bounced down the street at an almost uncontrollable speed. Horse hooves clanked into the asphalt in a mad dash out of the city. Gabriel laid back and tried to get comfortable. It was no use though, these wagons were not built for comfort.
The city faded in the distance and they were riding down an old highway. They had to weave around broken down and abandoned cars. The man in the back with Gabriel just kept watch out the back as their pace slowed. Horses were now lightly trotting and the wagon was not shaking so violently as it had been.
“Where are we going?” Gabriel asked, but got no reply.
“I said where are we going?” Gabriel said a little louder.
“You are going to see the bishop and then most likely a cage.” The man said without turning away from the back of the wagon.
“Well that's nothing new...” Gabriel said smirking. They rode on in silence for the rest of the day. Although they were not moving very fast, they still had made it a long ways. Gabriel counted as they passed through two small towns. He tried to read the sign's but he could only see the back side of them. Nightfall came fast as they rode into another town.
This town had a wall made of debris and a gate rattled open. Gabriel could smell burning rubber in the air and there was dense smoke in the town. The horses and wagon's came to a halt outside of a brick town center. An uneasy feeling came over Gabriel as his wagon went on past the others. Templar's with guns lined roof tops and they seemed to be on high alert. Another gate opened, this time a chain link gate.
“Try anything and we will shoot!” The man in the wagon with Gabriel said as it came to a halt.
“Lets go.” The man said as he got out of the wagon. Gabriel followed behind him and could see more Templar's with guns waiting for him.
“Move it!” One of the Templar's said just as Gabriel got out of the wagon.
“Alright!” Gabriel shouted in frustration. The Templar's almost pushed him to the ground trying to get him to walk faster. This time when he was touched, things just went dark for a moment. He could feel the water but he didn't go back to the line of baptism. Everything went back to normal and they were taking Gabriel inside of an old city jail. Gabriel looked at the barred windows now covered in towels so no one could see out. Once inside it was very dark, water dripped from the ceiling and the smell of mold and mildew filled the air.
“Should we take him downstairs?” A Templar said stopping.
“The bishop might want him on the next ship out.” The man who was in the wagon with Gabriel said.
“But we are all full upstairs.” A guard said.
“Fuck it put him down there, doubt he will go to the Vatican.” The man from the wagon said. They opened a door and lead Gabriel inside. It was a dark stairwell and Gabriel tried to find each step. Missing a step Gabriel started to fall but the guards held him up. They opened another door downstairs and Gabriel walked inside. Going down a hallway he passed by cells. Inside the cells were women all sitting around naked. They had bruises on their flesh and some had busted up faces. Candle light exposed their horror and abuse.
Some of the women were pregnant and others motionless on the floor. They passed cell after cell and it was all the same. There were a few men who were also down there stripped nude of their clothes. It was clear that downstairs was where they kept sex slaves. It was disgusting what the desires of sick men could conjure. They finally stopped at a cell at the very end, where there was a man inside.
“Get back!” A guard said pointing his gun at the man. The guard opened the door and they threw Gabriel inside. Gabriel tried to stay on his feet but tripped over a blanket and fell to the cement floor. His head smashed into the ground and everything went black.
Chapter Two

“Red rover, red rover, send Gabriel right over!” A crowd chanted. Gabriel looked around and he was standing in a grass field. Much like those at playgrounds, on one side of the field were people from the suicidal writers society. On the other was the creature from Gabriel's dreams.
“What side are you on Gabriel?” The creature said pointing towards the other side. Gabriel was standing right in the middle. Looking over at the other side he could see people from his past. Tiffany, Christy, people from Axal, all of them had died. Holding hands they all chanted red rover red rover send Gabriel right over.
“See life is just a game, on one side you have the living. On the other is the dead, but you can choose what side you are on.” The creature said. Gabriel tried to walk over to the side of the dead but could not move his feet.
“I can't choose I'm stuck.” Gabriel said looking down at his feet. They looked fine but would not move,
“You can't move, but you can listen to them.” The creature said as they all chanted red rover. A boy stopped chanting and walked out from the line and in front of Gabriel.
“Most children hid under their covers at night. When I was a child I could not hide. Darkness found me and the night was my playground.” The young boy said with purple lips and pale skin. The boy grabbed Gabriel's hand started pulling on him.
“Come with me!” The boy shouted pulling on Gabriel's arm, but Gabriel could not move.
“Where?” Gabriel asked still unable to move.
“Up there!” The boy shouted pointing up to the sky. The field was bright like it was a sunny day but the sky was black, with stars all over as though it were night.
“Look!” The boy said pointing up at the stars.
“Yes....I see.” Gabriel said.
“I am not a star, I am the space between the stars. I am the darkness overlooked by all but with infinite possibilities.” The boy let go of Gabriel's hand and ran back over to the side of the dead. The child ran right up to where death herself was standing. Wing's cut off and bowls hanging out from an incision on her belly. A man ran past Gabriel from the side where the creature was. He had bullet wounds all over his body.
“Deaths been keeping a tab since birth. I always thought I would settle the debt, but with each new enemy I know she is coming to collect!” The man shouted as he ran into deaths arms and broke through to the other side.
“I'm just a lost soul looking for a gypsy's heaven while stuck in a civilized hell.” A woman said as she walked passed Gabriel towards the side of death. She was very beautiful with long blonde hair and a slender body. She was in pajamas holding onto a razor blade, and blood drained from her arms onto her hands.
“Her razor blade was a blood fiend, it knows no love. Her mirror didn't see the beauty that eyes seen. Her death is a pain that we can't cut free.” A man said following behind the woman to the side of death. Tears ran down his face as he walked right behind the woman. With trembling hands he clinched a revolver, and the back of his head was blown off. Suddenly the man stopped and turned to Gabriel. Opening his mouth to speak he exposed a hole the went out the back of his mouth. Daylight shined through and Gabriel could  right through it.
“My life has always been a big game of Russian roulette. Except its the ones I love that are pulling the trigger.” The man said with blood running down his lips. The woman stopped and waited for the man with the revolver.
“You came banging on the asylum door searching for love. Then you wonder why we fell in madness?” The woman said holding her hand out to take the man's hand. The man dropped the revolver and grabbed the woman's hand. Hand in hand they walked over to the side of death, as death herself smiled at the young lovers.
“When I write I am always looking over my shoulder. Paranoid that one day these memory’s will catch up to me.” A member of the suicidal writers society said walking passed Gabriel.
“Most people fear what they don't understand, I fear my understanding.” The man said turning to Gabriel with foam spewing from his mouth. Gabriel quickly looked away, closing his eye's.
“Look at them!” The creature shouted as Gabriel was forced to see. A woman walked past in a blue and yellow dress. Her hair was short and black and Gabriel could only see her backside as she walked past.
“There are no fairy tales here, as snow whites kiss fails on deaths lips. While ever after is a grave of regrets.” The woman said turning around. Her face was pale and lips red as snow whites. While her eye's were as still as the dead. Tilting her head up Gabriel could see the bruises from a noose. Turning away she walked to the side of death. Gabriel was afraid of them as they came past him with destruction in their eyes.
Another man came by, in a prisoner's outfit. Coming right up to Gabriel he held out his hand. In it was a triangular piece of paper with a long string on it. Tossing it in the air the man held onto the string. For a moment it blew in the wind and then fell back down. It hit the ground and the prisoner just stared at it for a moment.
“My souls locked in prison writing kites to heaven. Yet at birth the jury knew the verdict and the judge knows hell won't wait.” The prisoner said staring Gabriel in the eye's.
“Terminally born, I was diseased with the knowledge of how I will die. Plagued with love in my heart and destruction on my mind.” The prisoner said turning away. Gabriel could see the back of his head was crushed, most likely from a long fall. Cringing Gabriel turned away and looked at the creature.
“This is just a nightmare!” Gabriel yelled as he tried to move. Now he could not even breath or move, he was stuck in a panic. It was as though he was struggling against being paralyzed. Thing's went dark and Gabriel heard someone speaking to him from the other side.
“I can't dream, when I sleep demons come out and play. Tempting me with games of fate and poisoning sweet nightmares.” A voice said from the side of death.
“ARAAA!” Gabriel shouted as he woke up shaking on the floor.
“Its ok!” The man in the cell with him said coming to help Gabriel up. Gabriel held out his hands to keep the man away.
“What happened..” Gabriel said holding his head.
“Well at first you hit your head....Then you fell asleep for a couple of hours.” The man said as Gabriel sat up from the filthy floor.
“These nightmares....They seem so real, I can't even tell the difference from whats a nightmare and whats reality.” Gabriel said looking up at the man.
“Well I would say you are in the right place then.....I guess I will just say I can help you with this if you let me.....” The man said as an uneasy feeling washed over Gabriel and he scooted away from the man.
“I watched you sleep and tremble on the floor for hours. Most people would assume you are crazy, but not me.” The man said coming closer so Gabriel could see his face. It was bruised from beatings but the man was a native American. With long dark hair and a large nose, he tried to smile but his lips were cracked and bleeding.
“They call me wingless crow, or just crow.” The man said holding out his hand.
“Nice to meet you.” Gabriel said motioning the man's hand away and scooting back to the wall.
“And you are?” The man said retracting his hand.
“Oh my name is Gabriel...” Gabriel said pausing trying to think of what to say next. Nothing came to mind so he just smiled. 
“Do you know where we are?” Gabriel asked as wingless crow sat down across the cell from him.
“Not even sure what state we are in, but this place is full of evil spirits.” crow said.
“Yeah.....I'm not sure what state we are in either.” Gabriel said trying to think. In the silence Gabriel could hear a woman softly weeping in the cell across from him. Gabriel could only see bare feet, the rest of her was covered by darkness.
“What are they doing with the people down here?” Gabriel asked although he already had an idea.
“They put me down here because they said I believe in false idols. We had a tribe of sorts for a little while when the gods went to war. I am a shaman, so naturally I lead the tribe. That is until they came and killed all but me and a few women. The women they use for their sexual desires, me they just like to beat on now and again.” Crow said looking down ashamed.
“Heh and they call themselves Templar's. Figures, most men of the cloth have repulsing desires.” Gabriel said.
“That's just the wolf howling inside of them. Its just a howl in their mind until they form a pack. Then they unleash the beast inside and this happens.” Crow said looking at Gabriel's pendant.
“If you wish to keep your idols then I would hide them.” Crow said pointing at the pendant. Gabriel took it off and put it in his pocket. Crow tilted his head and gave Gabriel's clothes a strange look. They were blood stained, torn, and had bullet holes in them.
“What happened to you?” Crow said confused while looking at Gabriel's clothes.
“I am cursed, with life....” Gabriel said.
“What do you mean by that?” Crow said.
“I cannot die, I guess I'm immortal.” Gabriel said as Crow's eyes widened.
“I believe we are all immortal, when this life ends the white horse comes and takes us to the next.” Crow said.
“Well the horse never comes for me, mortal wounds heal within minutes.” Gabriel said.
“Hmmm so that is why they placed you here?” Crow said.
“I guess so.” Gabriel said as he laid back and shut his eye's. Throughout the cell block Gabriel could hear women weeping. With each cry out he could hear their agony, and their pain became his.
“So much pain can be heard in the silence of these cells.” Gabriel said.
“Yes, here the nights are not for sleeping. After the raping stops, everyone has nothing but time to let the pain sink in.” Crow said and then went silent. Gabriel tried sleeping but kept waking up just as he drifted off. He was scared of Templar's, but of his nightmares. Each time he woke he jumped upright.
“Why won't you let yourself sleep?” Crow broke the silence while he was laying down shadowed by darkness.
“Too afraid to sleep, or stay awake.” Gabriel said sitting up.
“Why are you afraid to sleep?” Crow said.
“I am just slowly losing my mind. I met this writer, who was possessed by spirits of the dead. Now they keep coming for me in my dreams.” Gabriel said.
“I have seen this happen many times here in America. A mental health epidemic that they decided to treat with medication. They detached themselves from the spirit world and treat mental illness like a curse.” Crow said.
“Well I wish I had some medication to make these nightmares go away.” Gabriel said.
“I once went to a mental hospital to see how they treated people. It was sad to watch them remove all thought and dull the senses of people. So that the spirits could no longer contact the gifted. Before the white people came we saw mental health problems as a gift. Those that you would consider ill, we considered them spiritual healers.” Crow said.
“So you let madmen be healers?” Gabriel said.
“They are not mad, they only become madmen when they reject the spirit world. Which is something modern society is taught to do. We taught our people the crows not to reject the spirits. We showed them how to accept them and how to find out what they wanted.” Crow said.
“So you are suggesting that I just let them run rampant with my thoughts?” Gabriel said.
“Do you know of another way?” Crow said.
“No I never had this problem until I met the writer.” Gabriel said.
“Something happened when you met this man. Somehow he reject the spirits, maybe a more powerful one moved in? So the spirits that he was struggling with had to find a new home. Something familiar, so they decided to come to you.” Crow said.
“That would make sense, since Jack is now possessed by Apollyon.” Gabriel said.
“I seen this happen at the mental hospital. I could see the spirits in one room floating around. They could not come in contact with the one they choose. Since she was highly medicated, but the nurse was open to the spirits. They went to her and after a few weeks she was a patient at the hospital. The spirits are not to be rejected, or to be ignored.” Crow said.
“But what would they want from me?” Gabriel said.
“They choose people for many reasons, maybe they are warning you. Maybe they just want someone to listen to them. But those in contact with the spirit world are valued by the tribes. I once took a child out of the mental hospital. He was fighting with his personality and those of the spirits. I took him back the the tribe. He had to unlearn all that he knew before he could let the spirits in. After four years the child grew into a teen, and accepted the spirits. But we did not heal him, he healed us by proving that we do not need modern medicine to heal the mentally ill.” Crow said.
“So what happened to the boy?” Gabriel asked.
“After four years he went back to his family and they were amazed by his transformation. He was a completely different person and ended up going to Harvard. Before the war he was one of the leading psychiatrists in America. Healing those who were like him and teaching people how to accept the spirits and not reject them.” Crow said.
“But it took him four years to come to terms with them. I don't have that kind of time and I want to sleep now..” Gabriel said.
“I thought you said you were immortal?” Crow said laughing.
“Creeeack!” A door to the cell block opened and then slammed shut. Crow held a finger up to his lips and laid back down. Gabriel laid down as well and closed his eyes pretending to be asleep. The whole cell block was now silent and no one was weeping.
“She is too far along now.” A man said as he banged on a cell door with a club.
“Yeah, we will take her to the bishop. Too bad though she sure is pretty,” Another man said as he opened her cell door.
“Please.....No!” The woman cried out.
“Its ok we are going to take you someplace safe so you can have the baby.” One of the men said in a calm voice as he slapped her on the ass.
“Cuff her.” The other man said. Gabriel could hear the cuffs make a cracking sound as they tightened.
“Hold still!” The man said.
“Get against the wall!” A man shouted as they pushed her against the wall.
“Please don't!” The woman cried.
“Shut your mouth and bend over slut!” A man said. Gabriel could hear the woman start to weep.
“You like that?” The man said.
“Ughh please...” The woman whimpered.
“I said do you like it!” The man shouted.
“Yeee Yes I do.” The woman said but Gabriel could hear the pain in her voice.
“Hey pigs!” Gabriel shouted as he jumped up from his fake slumber.
“Lay down!” The man who was raping the woman said. Gabriel could hear the footsteps of the two men heading his way.
“Who the fuck said that!” A man shouted.
“I DID!” Gabriel shouted as he held his hand out through the bars. Gabriel stepped back from the bars and looked down at crow. He was still pretending to be asleep, and it was clear that Gabriel was on his own. The footsteps drew closer and Gabriel could hear a club bouncing off the bars.
“A new guy huh?” A man said zipping up his pants. One of the men was very scrawny and held a AK47. The man who zipped up his pants had a belly hanging over his belt. His shirt was snug tight around his obese belly. They had the Templar dog tags like the others did. The obese man held his club up while he unlocked the cell door.
“Better stay back!” The man with the AK47 said. Gabriel stepped back and balled up his fist. The cell door slid open and Gabriel charged the man with the club. Unleashing a heavy hook Gabriel staggered the man with the club. Swing his club the obese missed and Gabriel rushed forward in a flurry of punches.
“CHEEECH  CHEECH CHEECH” The AK47 rang out and pieces of concrete flew into the air. Gabriel tried to keep swinging but his body was quickly riddled with bullets. The gun started going off towards Gabriel legs and the kickback made it raise up very quickly. Both of his legs, his mid section, and his neck was hit as he fell to the floor. He didn't feel the pain at first but now it was surging through him.
“He's done.....I wasn't done with her yet though.” The man said shutting the cell door.
“Come on!” The man shouted at the other as he spit blood on the floor. Gabriel could hear the footsteps go back down the hall. Crow rushed over to Gabriel to try and help. Shaking his head Gabriel motioned the crow back and waited. His anger was dulling the pain and he waited for his wounds to heal.
“On your knee's bitch.” The obese man said. Gabriel could hear her weeping again.
“Come on hurry up.” Gabriel thought, wishing that his body would heal faster.
“Open that pretty little mouth of yours.” The obese man said as the whimpering was muffled.
“Hey! Fucking pigs!” Gabriel shouted as he got to his feet and banged on the bars.
“What the fuck!” The obese man said. There was a moment of silence.
“Get the one with the gun, I got the other.” The crow whispered in Gabriel's ear. Gabriel nodded and the crow laid back down on the floor and shut his eyes. Gabriel could hear the footsteps again and the man pulling up his zipper. Gabriel held his neck and blood still soaked his clothes.
“How the fuck are you still alive!” The obese man said as he slid the door open again.
“I got this!” He said calling off the man with the AK47. Gabriel charged forward again blasting the man in the face with an elbow. He didn't stop though, Gabriel ran out of the cell and past the obese man. Gabriel went right for the man with the gun and grabbed a hold of the end of the AK47.
“CHEEECH” The gun went off hitting Gabriel in the shoulder. Gabriel tried to knock the end of the gun into the air but was not fast enough. Clenching the hot barrel in one hand Gabriel swung with the other dropping the scrawny man to the floor. Quickly he pulled the gun out of the unconscious man's hand and turned back toward the cell. Crow was on top of the large man pounding on his face that was now a mess of blood.
“HELP!!!” The scrawny man cried out as he staggered down the hallway. Gabriel took aim and was locked on him with the iron sights. Finger trembling and closing down on the trigger. His shoulder burned with the weight of the gun.
“Shoot him!” The naked woman in the cell across from them yelled. The weight of the gun was too much for his gunshot shoulder. Gabriel lowered the gun and the man opened the door up and disappeared. Turning around Gabriel saw Crow bashing the other mans head into the ground.
“Stop....He is dead.” Gabriel said walking over to crow. Crow looked up with a blood covered face. Crow got up and walked over to the corner of the cell and sat down.
“They will kill us.” Crow said.
“No they won't...I will say I killed him while the other guy was running.” Gabriel said as he picked an old blanket up off the floor
“Here clean up your hands and face.” Gabriel said throwing the blanket at crow. Crow cleaned the blood off on the blanket and set it back on the floor.
“Alright stay here, remember you did nothing.” Gabriel said.
“Give me that! I will shoot them!” The naked woman said in the cell across from them. Her small hand reached out from the cell. Dark brown eye's glared out at Gabriel.
“No you didn't see anything!” Gabriel said as he went over to the obese man and covered his hands in his blood. Gabriel kept the gun in his lap and when he was done he held the gun in one hand. With the other hand he grabbed the dead mans leg and dragged him out of the cell. The limp body was too heavy so Gabriel set the gun back down and dragged him out with both hands.
Gabriel dragged him into the hall and let his legs go. They thumped into the concrete. Looking around Gabriel could feel the eyes of the woman on him. They were all up against the bars looking to see what was happening. All but the woman who was being raped. Her cell door remained open but Gabriel could not see inside.
“Let us out!” A woman yelled out as Gabriel picked up the gun. Gabriel walked back out into the hallway.
“You are safer in here, we won't win this fight they have too many. They would kill every one of us!” Gabriel shouted and it echoed down the hall.
“I would rather die than let another one of them rape me!” A woman said with tears running down her face. Gabriel stood there clenching the gun in silence.
“Me too!” Another woman yelled out.
“I can't do it I'm sorry.” Gabriel said as he slid the cell door shut, closing in crow.
“Please just kill me now!” The woman across from Gabriel shouted. Gabriel looked in at her, arms open exposing her naked body. Long dark brown hair ran down to her beasts and she had bruises all over.
“I'm so sorry..” Gabriel said as he walked away.
“You are just as bad as them!” The woman yelled from behind him. Gabriel paused again, the words burning in his ears.
“If I let you out you will all die.” Gabriel said.
“If you don't we will all die anyways.” The woman said stepping out from her open cell door and blocked the hallway. She looked like she was at least seven months along. Her tiny body was engulfed by her pregnant belly. Her cheeks had a slight hint of freckles and she had light blue eyes and plump red lips that were cracked. Blonde hair curled down to her shoulders.
“Are you going to let us out.” The woman said glaring at Gabriel.
“How do you expect to stop them?” Gabriel said looking on at the woman.
“We don't have to stop them, we just have to fight back.” The woman said.
“You don't have to die....Maybe you will all survive this.....And the child.” Gabriel said.
“You know what they were about to do?” The woman said and Gabriel shook his head.
“After they fucked me for the last time they were going to take me out and put a bullet in my head. That's what happens to pregnant women down here.” The woman said.
“How do you know this?” Gabriel said still shaking his head.
“One of them told me after he ejaculated in me. They say it every time after they rape us.” The woman who was in the cell behind Gabriel said.
“They say all we are good for is busting a nut and then shooting in the head.” Another woman in a cell said. Gabriel moved to the side and leaned up against the wall.
“Get his keys and let them out.” Gabriel said trying to think of a plan.
“Crow are you in or out?” Gabriel said still leaning against the wall. Crow reached his arm through the bars with the club in his hand.
“I'm in.” Crow said shaking the club.
“Alright get them out I will guard the door.” Gabriel said as he walked by the cells of naked women.
“Stay in the cells until I say come out.” Gabriel shouted as the pregnant woman was rushing to unlock each cell.
“If we are going to do this then I want to get you out of here alive.” Gabriel said as he propped open the door to the stairwell. He couldn't see anyone but the stairwell was dark.
“Careful.” A woman said from a cell behind Gabriel. Gabriel gently shut the door and got up against the wall next to the door. His shoulder had healed and he held the gun at the ready. Looking through the sites ready for anyone to bust through. Women started walking out of there cells.
“Get back in your cells!” Gabriel shouted.
“GIVE UP AND WE WILL LET YOU LIVE!” A man shouted down the stairwell. The women were not listening and were heading towards the door. Gabriel turned the gun towards them and motioned over to the cells with the barrel.
“Get back!” Gabriel yelled. They stopped for a moment then started walking towards him again.
“Fuck!” Gabriel shouted as he opened the door to the stairs.
“Crack, Crack.” Two shots from a pistol hit the door as he opened it. The flash of the gun shined on a young man's face.
“Cheech, Cheech, Cheech.” Gabriel opened fire before even thinking. Bullets tore into the young man and he dropped in the stairwell dead. Gabriel saw the horror on his face as bullets ripped into him. The look was frozen in Gabriel's head and the stairwell went dark again. Slowly Gabriel started going up the steps.
“PSHHHHH” A canister clanged down the steps and went off. Holding his breath Gabriel ran up the stairs. As he turned the corner he could see women pulling the dead body of the young man through the door. Gabriel stopped confused by what they were doing.
“Crack, Pop, Pssst, Crack.” Shots bounced throughout the stair well. Just as they did Gabriel could see the women taking the gun and items the young man had. Then they vanished in a cloud of smoke.
“Cheech, Cheech.” Gabriel squeezed the trigger and shot into the darkness. Taking a deep breath in he collapsed to his knees. Bullets fell down on him from above his head.  Then darkness, it was over a bullet hit him on the top of his skull. His body crashed into the steps and he couldn't hear or see. By the time Gabriel came too he was being drug up the steps. Looking up he could see two men dragging him.
“AHHHH” A woman screamed from the cell block below.
“Crack, Crack.” Shots went off.
“GET IN YOUR CELL BITCH!” A man yelled followed by more shots. Gabriel's heart sunk, he had failed them and now they were meeting their fate.
“I doomed them” He thought to himself in silence with eyes shut. His legs thumped past the last step and he was drug into a hallway.
“Cuff him he is the one that can't die.” A man said as other men held him down and cuffed him.
“Pop.” One of the men kicked Gabriel in the face and everything went black once again.
Chapter Three

“Wake up!” A man shouted as he slapped Gabriel in the face. Gabriel's ears were ringing and he slowly opened his eyes. The room was blurry, and he was cuffed and sitting in a chair. Gabriel focused his eyes and could see a man in the cloth of a priest. It was the same man that he saw freeing all of the Templar's of their sin's
“What is your name?” The priest asked. Gabriel's head was pounding and he was still trying to get his bearings.
“Ummmm..Oh I am Gabriel.” Gabriel said as the room came into focus.
“My name is bishop Clark.” Clark said.
“Why is a place of god abusing and murdering women.” Gabriel said as his blood started boiling again.
“Well Gabriel it seems you have much to learn about Christianity.” Clark said leaning back in his chair.
“This is a place of god's army, and god's army has needs. The men here are fighting for god but that doesn't mean they don't have their desires and sins. In fact the pope has declared the Templar's immune to the sin's of man. These men have already been forgiven and since they are in gods army they will go to heaven.” Clark said.
“And the women they abuse!” Gabriel snarled back. A hand came into view for a moment and then Gabriel's face stung. He had been back handed from behind.
“It's ok please.” Clark said holding his hand up to stop more beatings.
“The women have been declared whores and harlots.” Clark said.
“By who's judgment?!” Gabriel said, his eyes burned with hate.
“Mine.” Clark said.
“Enough of this talk though, what about you. How did you get immortality?” Clark said leaning forward.
“From your devil who you are sure to meet you piece of shit!” Gabriel tried jumping out of the chair at Clark. Clark nodded his head, and it was followed by a beating. One man held Gabriel's head while another punched him in the face. Blood ran from Gabriel's nose and into his mouth.
“Enough.” Clark said and the men stopped. Gabriel's face stung from being punched.
“Who are you to judge me?” Clark said to Gabriel.
“Anyone who allows women to be raped and forgives pigs for abusing and killing women is not a man of god.” Gabriel said as he spit blood on the ground.
“You...... Killed a 17 year old boy in that stairwell. To save whores and harlot's who god says to stone to death. But I wouldn't let them be stoned, I let god decide their fate. If they get pregnant and reach a later term then god decided their death. Not me, I showed mercy.” Clark said. Gabriel was boiling over with rage, his lips trembled ready to scream. He held back though and remained silent.
“I don't need to know anything else, its clear that you are a servant of Satan.” Clark said as he banged his hand on the desk.
“He is immortal so he must be a high ranking servant of Satan. Load him on the next ship to the Vatican, they can decide what to do with this vile creature.” Clark said.
“You think you are serving god? One day soon you will see who you serve.” Gabriel said as they pulled him up on his feet. Two men held onto Gabriel as they lead him out the building. Gunshots could be heard from inside the building on the way out. Outside the air was filled with smoke, and a foul burning smell.
Looking to the flames Gabriel could see the body's of the dead being burnt. Next to the flames was the women from the cells who were lined up. One by one they were shooting them in the head and throwing the body's on the flames for the others to see. Tears ran down Gabriel's face as they lead him down to a river where a large sail boat was waiting.
It was a large ship with three masts sticking out of it. It looked very old as well and not very sea worthy. Gabriel just looked at the ship as the flames flickered in his peripheral vision. Tears blurred his vision and his eye's stung from the smoke. One last shot went off and the final woman was dead. Gabriel was not sure what happened to Crow but he figured he suffered the same fate.
The last straw of caring for mankind broke when the last shot was fired. Gabriel now knew who man was sworn to. Who man was always sworn to, Apollyon. Had Gabriel sinned by killing the boy in the stairwell then god was already on his way. But Gabriel doubted it since he should have came many years ago. Gabriel had good morals, but he was no saint of god, or Apollyon.
Gabriel walked over a walkway and was lead onto the ship. Templar's were loading the ship with goods and Gabriel was taken below deck. The ship had three levels and Gabriel was taken down to the bottom. Down below he had to tilt his head while standing in order to not hit the ceiling. A cast iron cage the size of a two car garage was down there.
Looking inside Gabriel saw two women chained to the sides of the cage. One had a nice blue dress and the other red. The dresses went down to their feet and they were sitting. On their heads were black bags covering their whole head. The woman in the red dress had tattoos all over her body. From her feet to her hands.
All of the skin that the dress showed was tattooed. Just above her cleavage was a tattoo of a woman holding two swords above her head. The swords were crossed over and the tips reached out to her neck. The other woman had pale skin and no tattoos. Red locks of hair dangled down near her cleavage. The other woman with the tattoos had blonde hair that barley hung down past the bag.
A boy sat by the woman with red hair who was in the red dress. He had chains on but he was only about eight years old. The boy had black hair in a bowl cut with brown eyes. He was holding the hand of the woman in the red dress. The boy didn't even look up at Gabriel as he was lead into the cage.
“Sit!” A man demanded. Gabriel sat down and they ran a chain from his cuffs on his legs and feet. The chain was then locked to the cage with a pad lock. One of the men looked at the woman and smiled. He was missing teeth and smelled like shit. Gabriel was happy to see him leave the cage. A lantern was in one of their hands and when they left it was pitch black in the lower section.
“Who's there?” One of the women asked.
“Mam, my name is Gabriel.” Gabriel said looking in the darkness.
“We are the Crathage sisters, I'm Qwella, the one in the red dress.” Qwella said.
“I am Twella, the one in the blue dress.” Twella said chuckling.
“This is my boy Charlie, he's a mute though.” Qwella said.
“Well it's nice to meet you Qwella, Twella, and Charlie. I wish we had met under different terms.” Gabriel said shutting his eyes and resting his head on the cage.
“He sounds handsome!” Twella said.
“Oh Twella stop it. Nice to meet you Gabriel and the circumstances will get better. We just have to have faith in the positive.” Qwella said. There was a moment of silence since Gabriel did not know what to say.
“What do you look like?” Twella asked.
“Uhmm I have an average build, brown hair, a beard..” Gabriel said, but was cut off by Qwella.
“Oh don't mind her, she is just being a perv.” Qwella said.
“I am not!” Twella said back laughing.
“How old are you?” Twella asked.
“Uh not even sure anymore, don't know what year it is even.” Gabriel said trying to think.
“Well I'm twenty, and Qwella here is an old hag she is twenty six.” Twella said.
“Oh please Twella lets not bore the poor man. It's bad enough we are stuck on this old ship. It's doubtful that its even sea worthy and we all will be at the bottom of the sea. So lets not waste Gabriel's last few days.” Qwella said.
“No it's ok I don't mind at all.” Gabriel said.
“See he likes my advances!” Twella said.
“So Gabriel what landed you down here with us?” Qwella asked.
“Heh well a long story one I had to tell too many times now.” Gabriel said.
“See Qwella he doesn't like your questions but he likes mine!” Twella said laughing.
“Oh no its not that....See I can't die, I was cursed by the devil and now I am immortal....I know how this all must sound kinda crazy huh?” Gabriel said unsure of how they would take it.
“Sweety its not weird at all!” Twella said in a seductive tone.
“My sister and I are witches and my son can see ghosts and speak to them. Though he cannot speak to us but he signs to me. Sometimes he doesn't even have to, I know what is on his mind.” Qwella said.
“Hmmmm witches under what deity?” Gabriel tried to be knowledgeable on the subject.
“Well we practice different types of magic. Twella is into the dark arts, and Celtic rituals. I am more of what you would call...” Qwella said but Twella cut her off.
“She is more of a satanist whore!” Twella shouted in laughter.
“Twella STOP IT! I use hell fire, and I am not a whore. Twella you need to watch your mouth around Charlie.” Qwella said.
“Please those ghosts say all kinds of horrid things to the poor child.” Twella said. Gabriel felt oddly comfortable around Twella, and Qwella. They did not seem fake or deceitful which Gabriel had been around deceitful people for too long. He wasn't afraid to speak openly with the women.
“Well...I was kidnapped by Morrighan and cursed by Apollyon.” Gabriel said, he tried to make it a joke but they did not laugh.
“Why do you call him Apollyon?” Qwella asked.
“That's what he told me to call him.” Gabriel said.
“You know him well?” Qwella said.
“I have spent some time with him. Though I wouldn't say I know him, I don't think anyone does.” Gabriel said as he moved his head off the cage.
“How did you meet the dark mother?” Twella asked.
“She wanted to use me against Apollyon I suppose. I don't really know but she came for me because a witch had summoned her.” Gabriel said.
“Must have been a very powerful witch to summon the dark mother.” Twella said.
“Why did the devil grant you immortality?...Sorry for so many questions I just want to see whos side you are on.” Qwella said.
“I am on no one's side, not anymore. Not god or man, I am not even on my own side. I have come to a point where I am just going through motions.....Oh and he made me immortal to keep god from destroying mankind. Or so he said, he called me the last saint. Apollyon told me that if I sinned or died then god would destroy the world. Since there would no longer be a man free from sin.....I don't know now that I think about it, it all sounds stupid. Maybe he just wanted to show me what hell was like?” Gabriel said.
“Well sweety you can be on our side!” Twella said.
“Yeah, how about you stick with us. We could make hell seem like heaven.” Qwella said.
“Thanks, you two are very nice lady's. But I doubt you wont the baggage that comes with me.” Gabriel said.
“Don't worry we can take it.” Twella said.
“Thank you Twella, by the way you two seem like very beautiful women. If we weren't chained up I would go with you.” Gabriel said, after thinking about what he said he felt somewhat corny.
“I don't think these chains will stop us. They are sending us to the Vatican, I guess so the pope can get his willy wet with some proper lady's. But that's not going to happen, we have better plans.” Twella said.
“Well I sure hope it all works out for you.” Gabriel said laying his head back and shutting his eyes.
“So do you know when we set sail?” Gabriel asked.
“I think we leave in the morning. Then again I don't really know what time it is.” Qwella said.
“Well then lady's if you will excuse me, I am going to try to get some sleep. Been having enough troubles without being on the rough sea. Can't imagine what it will be like once we get going.” Gabriel said.
“Sweet dreams!” Twella said.
“Goodnight Gabriel, hey maybe in the morning this will all be over?” Qwella said.
“We can only hope.” Gabriel said as he prepared his mind for sleep.
“Don't let the bed bugs bite!” Twella said.
“Twella, let the poor man sleep sheesh!” Qwella said.
“It's alright, night.” Gabriel said. It didn't take long and Gabriel fell into a deep sleep. He was completely exhausted and the moment he closed his eye's he was out.
“Welcome aboard matey!” The creature said. Gabriel was standing in the middle of an old pirate ship that was sailing off the coast of a tropical island. Little creatures swung from the mast while others were cleaning the deck. A man and a young boy walked up to Gabriel.
“They say when you are a parent you become an authority. I guess they were wrong because now there are two flying the black flag.” The man said pointing up at the pirate flag flying above them. Gabriel watched as they man and child walked by.
“Some people build walls, but I put up a circus tent around my mind. I walked inside and was finally free to be myself.” Another man said who was swinging just above Gabriel. They were all from the dead writers society. With pale skin and wounds of suicide on their body.
“Follow me Gabriel!” The creature said as he walked in front of Gabriel. Gabriel followed him along the ship. Someone who was moping up the deck grabbed Gabriel's arm. With dead eye's he stared at Gabriel.
“With god I can explain anything. With an imagination I can understand anything. With knowledge I can imagine a world without god.” The man said, then he looked back down and started moping the deck again. Gabriel started following the creature once again. Crow had told him not to struggle and to find out what the spirits wanted. Before they seemed hostile but now they all seemed relaxed on the ship. Gabriel looked over and a man was balancing on one foot on the ships plank. He wobbled back and fourth trying to stay steady.
“My heart is in mutiny of the things I have done. So now every time I walk on the plank of destruction.” The man said, and then fell off the plank into the sea.
“Hahaha!” Gabriel laughed at the man as he ran over to the edge. Blood filled the water below and the man was being devoured by sharks. Gabriel's laughter stopped and there was nothing left of the man but a bloody mess.
“Hurry!” The creature shouted. Gabriel looked back up on deck and the creature was walking below deck. Gabriel followed him down, the ship rocked back and fourth and it was difficult to walk. Below was a table with two pirates and two prostitutes. They were also from the suicidal writers society but were dressed up. The woman had on old 18th century dresses and the men wore tunics and pirate caps.
“Love is fatal and life is a game. So I guess I have a dead mans hand at the table of cheats.” One of the pirates said looking back at Gabriel and then looking around the table. The other pirate leaned towards Gabriel showing him his cards. It was all aces and he smiled revealing gold and silver teeth.
“The hardest part about holding a winning hand is the waiting. You know you're going to change the game but no one else does.” The pirate holding his cards to Gabriel said.
“Some women need makeup to look classy, some women just are classy.” One of the prostitutes said. She had no makeup on but the other one had it plastered on.
“Washing yourself in drama will not clean you of your boredom.” The prostitute with makeup said back to the other.
“We gamble with words, and smiles. Now if only we could so easily let go of our emotions.” The other prostitute said looking Gabriel in the eye's. The man with the aces laid his hand down on the table laughing. The others laid down their hand's but it was clear that he won. The losing pirate pushed over the pot to the other and slid a chip over to his side. Smiling he tilted his head at the pirate who won. Holding his hand out the winning pirate motioned the other to give the chip back.
“If I can't remember you during the bad times, why would I remember you now?” The winning pirate said. With a sigh the other pirate slid the chip back over.
“There is a place in my heart for all women. This does not make me lustful, but a man disarmed by nature and all her beauty.” The winning pirate said as he pushed some chips back over to the prostitutes . With big grins and overbearing cleavage they batted their eyes at the pirate. Walking over to the table was an old woman in rags holding a small cup. Shaking the cup, she showed the winning pirate that it was empty. Flinging his hand in the air he shooed the old woman away.
“Its not that I don't understand why people are homeless and starving. I don't understand why we live in a world that allows it.” The losing pirate said as the old woman walked up to Gabriel.
“I wasn't born, I was brewed in a witches cauldron and came out with good taste, too many side effects and without a cure.” The old woman said holding her cup up to Gabriel. Squeezing his hand, Gabriel could feel something round in it. Opening his hand he saw that it was a chip. Throwing it in the cup it clanged around. With a smile the old woman walked away and vanished into darkness.
“I wounder if my words will one day be like stars, and my book like a night sky. Seen by all but written by only one.” A voice said from behind Gabriel. Turning around he saw a man at a desk trying to write. But the restless sea's kept on disturbing him and all he had was blotches of ink.
“Ewaaaah” Gabriel could hear a muffled crying but could not see where it was coming from. The creature was gone, and so was everyone else but the winning pirate who was now right in front of Gabriel.
“Wait.” The pirate said.
“What?” Gabriel asked.
“Ewaaaah” Gabriel could hear the muffled crying again and the floor was filling with water.
“Sometimes you have to wake up from your dreams and be happy with where you sleep.” The pirate said. He started to speak again but Gabriel couldn't make it out. Waking up Gabriel could see Charlie crying, but it was a broken cry.
“Shhhh its ok sweety, mommy's right here. Hold my hand and close your eyes.” Qwella said. Charlie calmed down and the ship was silent.
“Is he ok?” Gabriel asked.
“Yes, you must have been dreaming because I could hear you thumping around.” Qwella said.
“Yeah, I keep having dreams about this dead group of writers.” Gabriel said.
“Sounds more like a nightmare to me....Wait Charlie got scared right when the dreams started.” Qwella said pausing.
“Charlie did you see the writers?” Qwella said, Gabriel strained his ears to try and hear the boy.
“He said yes..Sounds like these spirits are coming to you in your sleep.” Qwella said.
“Heh yeah, I met an Indian man who said the same thing.” Gabriel said.
“The dead are not to be taken lightly.” Qwella said.
“Well I don't know what they want.” Gabriel said. Gabriel could hear someone rustling around.
“Could you guys be quite.” Twella said in a soft and sleepy tone. They remained silent and Gabriel tried to get back to sleep but he couldn't. He tried to figure out what it was they wanted. But their messages were not making any sense. After trying to figure out the spirits for the later half of the night a loud bell rang on the ship. Gabriel could feel the boat moving under him and they were leaving America. The waters of the river was calm, and the ship was silent. Gabriel could hear the water but could not hear the men above them. His muscles went tense to stabilize against the rocking of the ship.
“Morning.” Qwella said.
“Ehh are you sure its morning....I want to sleep.” Twella said still tired.
“Good morning, I guess it is anyways. The bell sounded and now we are off.” Gabriel said.
“Twella is not much of a morning person, more of a night owl.” Qwella said.
“I am going back to sleep, wake me when we get there.” Twella said still groggy.
“She is such a goof when she is tired. We won't see land again for many days.” Qwella said. A sick feeling came over Gabriel and he reached in his pocket. He was afraid that he might have lost the pendant but it was still there.
“I think the ghost's of the writers are leading you somewhere.” Qwella said.
“Why can't they just rest in peace and leave me alone. I am tormented enough without them, but now they are driving me mad.” Gabriel said.
“That's generally how they work, just remember that they wouldn't haunt you without good reason.” Qwella said.
“Would you stop...” Twella said drifting back to sleep.
“Guess we better give her, her beauty sleep.” Qwella said laughing.
“Haha, Guess so.” Gabriel said. His mind drifted back to the dreams. Though he figured it was better not to dwell on it. He just had to let everything reveal itself in time. They sat in silence for a couple of hours and then the door to the lower deck came open. Light shined in the room and two men walked in.
One was holding a lantern and the other had three buckets in his hand. Holding them by the handle the man walked to the cage door. Shining his lantern towards the witches, the man opened the door. Without missing a beat the other man walked in and set the buckets in front of the women and child.
“You get no food.” The man said pointing at Gabriel.
“Take the cuffs off the child's hand, he can feed himself.” The man with the lantern said shining it at the boy. Charlie scooped the slop into his mouth. With a grimace on his face he slowly chewed the slop. It looked like rice and whatever scraps the crew had. Pulling up the cloth sack, the man revealed Twella's lips.
They were plump and a light pink tone. With a long wooden spoon the man fed Twella. Each time he made a mess on her face she would slowly lick her lips. It was very seductive even though the sack covered her face except her lips. After the man was done feeding her he fed Qwella and then covered their mouths back up.
“Have a wonderful day honey.” Twella said as the cage door shut. Shinning the lantern back at Twella the two men gave her elevator eyes. Beads of sweat ran down the face of the man who had been feeding them. They just stood their like two lions looking at fresh meat. The men were both a little overweight and in their fifty's.
“Come on lets go.” The man with the lantern said while moving the light away from the women. This routine happened every day, they fed the women and child. The days passed and with each passing day the men watch the women more and more. Gabriel got little to no sleep and didn't even have the energy to hold his head up.
Twella did all she could to seduce the two men that fed them. They seemed more and more sexually frustrated with each day at sea. Gabriel quickly opened up to the women and told them his story. They seemed amused by all of his ventures and wanted to learn more. Gabriel was doing most of the talking though. 
The women revealed little about themselves and Twella flirted with Gabriel all that she could. Every hour or so the men would come down and see if they needed to use the bathroom. Anytime they did they led them over to a bathroom that was next to the cage. One day the men finished feeding the woman  and just sat and down outside of the cage and watched them.
“I can't take this anymore!” The man who fed the women said.
“We can't, they gave us orders!” The man with the lantern said.
“How will anyone know?” The other man said.
“We won't tell, we promise!” Twella said in a very seductive tone. As she spoke her body gyrated showing her curves.
“See they won't tell!” The man with the bucket said.
“You better not say a word either!” The lantern man said shinning the light at Gabriel.
“Don't mind me.” Gabriel said closing his eye's. Gabriel could tell it was a trap but wasn't sure. Twella had been flirting with him the same way.
“Close your eyes and cover your ears dear.” Qwella said to Charlie. Charlie covered his ears and squeezed his eyes shut.
“Well what are you waiting for?” Qwella said spreading her legs. The dress was so big that it only revealed the bottom of her calf. Looking at each other the two men smiled and opened the cage. Setting the lantern down the men looked and both women.
“What one do you want?” One man said to the other.
“Her, who do you want?” The other man said pointing at Twella.
“I want her too!” The man said.
“No need to argue boys, Why not take turns and have both of us.” Twella said still gyrating her body around. She moved methodically and extremely seductive. Even Gabriel was being mesmerized by her.
“Fine I will fuck this one first.” The man who had the lantern said as he dove on Qwella. Rushing over to Twella the other man began rubbing her breasts.
“You sexy little cunt.” The man on Twella said. Twella started rubbing her knee on his crotch.
“Fuck it!” The man on Twella said as he started ripping her dress off.
“Wait what will they wear?” The other man said.
“Who fucking cares!” The other man said as he finished ripping Twella's dress off. Gabriel tried not to look but could see he in his peripheral vision. With a slight glance he looked over her body. Then he quickly looked away like a school boy who was caught looking up a girls dress. Her body was covered in tattoo's all expect her panty area. Some how she stayed perfectly groomed in her privates.
Grabbing Twella's breasts the man's eye's went large. Her breasts were a perfect hand full and her body was very tone. She had a slight four pack and she kept in excellent shape. Which Gabriel found odd since they had been on the ship for at least a week. They had little food, and her muscles should have been cannibalizing.
With a vicious rip, the other man split Qwella's dress right in half. Again Gabriel could not help but take a glance. She had larger breasts than her sister and was not muscular. Her body was curvy, and also well groomed. Her skin was pale and she had freckles just above her breasts. Gabriel never noticed it before until now. In a rush the man on Twella pulled his pants down. As he did Gabriel quickly looked away.
“Ughhh, Yes! Yes! Harder!” Twella cried out. Many feeling's started to come over Gabriel. Twella made him feel important, and someone she liked. Now she was moaning while another man had sex with her. Gabriel had formed an attachment to both women and felt that attachment was now violated. Qwella was not loud like her sister, she made not even a chirp.
“You like that slut?” The man on Twella said as he ravished her.
“Ooooh yes..I feel you, but I want to see you.” Twella said. The man having sex with Qwella looked over and shook his head at the other man.
“Ahhh yeah!” The man on Twella said as he stopped on laid his head on her shoulder.
“Come on take off the mask honey. Don't you wanna go again and see my face?” Twella asked.
“Why not?” The man with Twella said looking at the other. Shrugging the other man pulled the mask off Qwella. Gabriel did not look but could see her beauty in his peripheral vision. She had dark natural red hair, light green eyes and freckles dotted her cheeks. Her lips were not as plump as Twella's or as seductive.
“I wanna see your face this time!” The man with Twella said as he pulled her mask off. Gabriel strained even harder to see her face in his peripheral vision. She had light blue eyes, beautiful blonde hair that some how looked like she came from a salon. In her eye's was the girl next door, but her body was that of a blonde bombshell. While her tattoo’s drew away the innocence, and youth of her face.
“Oh yeah baby, grab my neck!” Twella said as the man started going again. This time he clenched her neck with both hands.
“Yes! YES!” Now Twella shouted louder. Gabriel could feel her eye's locked on him as she moaned. It was as though she was trying to get his attention, rather than the man on her. Gabriel struggled not to look but the moans got louder. Finally he turned his eye's to her, and they both locked eyes.
“Ohhh!” Twella cried out looking right at Gabriel and not turning away. A huge smile came across her face and she gave Gabriel a wink. The tattoo just above her breasts started to ripple. Gabriel wasn't sure at first but then he was certain. Two small swords came out from the tattoo of the woman on her chest. Leaning out of her chest the woman tattoo drew her swords. In a quick slash she slit both of the mans wrists and then took her place back on Twella's skin.
“What the fuck!” The man shouted as blood sprayed down on Twella's breasts. Jumping back the man dropped on the floor just in front of Twella. Blood spewed out on the floor and the man didn't even have time to stop the bleeding. His dead eyes looked up and Twella as blood pooled around him.
“AHHH” The other man fell back on the floor. His whole body went a light shade of red like a burn. Hitting the ground, his body exploded in blister and then turned a charcoal black. Skin ripped like a dry lake bed that cracks in the sun. Dead eye's fell on Gabriel this time, almost like a cry for mercy. Now both men lay dead on the floor in pools of blood.
Chapter Four

In an instance both men were dead before they had a chance to fight. Horrified, and shocked Gabriel just watched the dead men petrified on the ground. Gabriel could feel Twella's eye's still locked on him. He wasn't sure if she ever even looked away from him as she killed the man. Qwella closed her legs and turned away from Gabriel so he could not see her breasts.
With a quick glance Gabriel looked over at Twella. Her smile was so big that her white teeth shined in the light of the lantern. She was stunning, but Gabriel dashed his eye's back over at the dead men. Though the image of her was now etched in his mind. Qwella's eye's burned like an ember and then the light of the lantern went out.
“Why did you go and do that?” Twella asked.
“I guess you didn't notice that we are nude? Not to mention my boy is right here!” Qwella said.
“Well I was enjoying my view.” Twella said.
“Only you would enjoying looking at the dead.” Qwella said.
“I wasn't looking at the dead..” Twella said.
“Its ok dear you can open your eye's now.” Qwella said.
“Well Qwella, how do you expect me to get the key out of his pants without the light?” Twella said.
“Fine hurry up.” Qwella said as her eye's light up with embers. The flame in the lantern almost made it explode. But then it quickly died down and light up the room. Qwella was still covering up her body but Twella was focused on one of the mens pants. She braced herself against the cage and stretched he leg out and pointed her toes towards the pants.
“Euh!” Twella moaned as she stretched out as far as she could. Qwella rolled her eye's and Gabriel fought back his laughter. Gabriel glanced over at Twella and looked down at her body. When his eye's made it back up he saw her eye's on him again. Gabriel quickly looked away and stared at the floor. Twella's toe came down on the end of the pants. She used one of her other toes to lock on them like a pair of tongs. Slowly she slid the pants over and Gabriel could not help but to watch.
“Hudini!” Gabriel said laughing. Twella smiled but stayed focused on the pants. She slid them over and then moved them around with her feet until she could get in the pocket. Her whole foot went inside and then came out with the key in between her toes.
“You could have done that a lot faster.” Qwella said.
“I prefer not to waste my energy, unlike you.” Twella said.
“Oh please like your powers would be sapped by getting a key. You just want to show off at any chance you get. But you need to hurry up so I can wash this foul man's stench off of me!” Qwella said.
“Well if you quit your yapping I will hurry up.” Twella said as she maneuvered her leg around so her hands could get the key. Unlocking her hands Twella rose to her feet. Gabriel looked away again and watched the dead men. Twella twirled her hair up in a makeshift bun but took her time.
“I will get you first since you don't complain!” Twella said laughing as she squatted down next to Gabriel. Jolting back Gabriel could feel butterflies swarming in his stomach. Twella pressed her body up against his as she reached around to unlock him.
Gabriel was jolted into hell's waiting room. Everything went dark and then he was sitting around a fire. A full moon was in the sky above him and the light of the fire danced off forest tress. Gabriel looked around the fire and saw two little girl's and an older man. The girl's were Twella and Qwella sitting on tree stumps. Qwella looked older, but Twella looked only five or six.
“Ever since your mother died, when she had you I have waited for this moment.” The man said with fire glowing in his eye's. His hair was a mess, as though he had not combed it in months. Gabriel looked behind him and could see an old house. It was very small and looked like it was only one bedroom at the most.
The man got up and walked into the darkness for a moment and then came back. In his hand was a tray with ink's and a tattoo gun. As well as a few vials of blood that rolled around the tray as he walked up to Twella. Setting the tray down, he combed the hair out from Twella's face with his fingers. Twella jerked back a little, she seemed afraid of the man.
“Tonight we are going to reunite our family once again.” The man said. Qwella watched her sister with a worried look as flames danced off of her face.
“One big happy family......To see your mother's face in the moonlight once again...” The man said with his hand shaking.
“Is it going to hurt daddy?” Twella asked as she looked into the flames.
“No sweetheart, not like the pain we have felt these last few years. Don't you see you are the only one who can bring her back to us.” The man said as he opened a vial of blood and started mixing it into the ink.
“Why does it have to be me?” Twella asked.
“Don't you want to see your mother?” The man asked.
“Yes.” Twella said as the man laid her down next to the fire. Holding out his hand's the man looked up at the moon.
“We are the descendants of Salem!” The man shouted at the moon.
“Cursed by the gifts our ancestors have given us. Though tonight we will use our gifts to bring back a dear mother, wife!” The man said with madness in his eye's.
“Hear me god's of darkness, you have taken her from us. Now we will reunite her with the light of the last descendant of Salem.” The man shouted as the flames grew higher in the sky. Looking over at Qwella, Gabriel could see the embers in her eyes.
“Bzzzzzt” The tattoo gun went into the ink mixed blood. The man's eye's where now white as the moon. Slowly he moved the gun over his daughters chest. Twella was not in a trance and was laying on the ground horrified.
“Bzzzt.” The gun went off on her flesh.
“AWWW!” Twella cried out and her cries seemed to bounce off the tree's. Twella didn't move but her cries were deafening. Gabriel couldn't watch and just looked off into the forest. Light of flames were playing trick's on Gabriel's eyes. It appeared as though women in cloaks would come out from one tree and then vanish before the mind could process them.
Gabriel looked back, and the girl's were now teen's. The man was even older and his hand's trembled as he tattooed Twella. Her skin was now covered all over and the man feverishly covered her flesh in tattoos. Qwella was making the fire dance and turned the flames into images of witches. Finally the gun stopped buzzing and the man moved away from Twella. Tears fell down from her eye's and the flames flickered off of them.
“Why won't it work! They won't come back!” The man shouted at the night.
“You have gone mad old warlock!” A voice shouted from the forest.
“Who is there!” The man said as he almost stumbled over the flames.
“We have been watching you raise the girls. Though your pain has blinded you to love.” Another woman's voice shouted. Witches in cloaks started to come out from the trees, and surrounded the fire. Gabriel knew that he could not have been just imagining them.
“You painted the dead all over your child. But you don't realize it was you who killed them!” One witch yelled with a beat red face.
“Let us see how your love feel's about what you have done to your daughters.” Another witch said helping Twella up from the ground. Twella's head shot up at the moon and her eye's turned black and then the moon filled the darkness in her eyes. Her skin was shaking and trembling, the warrior on he chest started to come out from her skin.
“AHHHH!” The warrior shouted as she jumped from Twella's chest with the swords in her hands.
“You're back!” The man shouted as he knelt down at the feet of the warrior. She looked down at the man with her swords at the sides of his neck.
“Do you not remember me my dear?” The man said looking up at her. Her arm drew the swords back and then in a flash they slashed through the man's neck. In a gush of blood his head rolled off and his body fell next to the fire.
“Fool, the dead are not to be brought back!” One of the witches said as the warrior fell back and deflated like a balloon into Twella's chest. She shrunk back down into the tattoo and laid still on Twella's skin. Coming out of her trance, Twella looked down at her dead father. Tears had dried to her face, but none fell from her eye's. Qwella looked down at her father with a blank look in her eye's.
“It's ok my dears, we will take care of you.” One of the witches said just as Gabriel jolted into darkness and then back to the ship. 
Gabriel could feel Twella's breasts pushing up against him as he realized he was back in the cage.
“Hmm darn thing!” Twella said pushing herself against Gabriel harder.
“Oh, there we go.” She said as she uncuffed his hands. It was a relief to be able to move his arms again. Twella backed away and then knelt down to get the cuffs on his feet. Gabriel watched her as she fumbled with the key. She looked up at him with a smile and then looked back down and unlocked the cuffs.
“There!” Twella said jumping up to her feet.
“Thank you!” Gabriel said with a smile.
“You're very welcome!” Twella said as she turned to her sister who was becoming impatient.
“It's about time!” Qwella said with a sigh. Twella unlocked Qwella almost instantly and got back up. Qwella stood up covering her breasts with her hand.
“Phew you do stink!” Twella said as she handed Qwella the key. Qwella uncovered her breast and glared at her sister. With a snap she grabbed the key out of Twella's hand.
“Here look I'm Twella!” Qwella said bending over exposing herself to Gabriel. She looked back at him and jokingly batted her eyes. Gabriel didn't mind at all and was glued to her hourglass shape as she got the chain off Charlies leg. Qwella was trying to make a joke of it but she blushed and her face went red when she saw Gabriel watching. Twella rushed over and shut the lantern off.
“I was not doing that!” Twella said in the darkness.
“Oh you were!” Qwella said.
“Well what will we do, our dresses are ruined!” Twella said.
“Here put it on and shut up.” Qwella said. Gabriel could not figure out what was going on but could hear rustling around.
“What are we going to do now?” Gabriel said in an unsure tone.
“We will have to wait for nightfall, but we are going to take over the ship.” Qwella said.
“Why nightfall, won't they realize the two men are gone?” Gabriel asked confused
“It's when we are our most powerful.” Qwella said.
“Yes, my sister is weak and needs to rest!” Twella said with a sinister chuckle.
“Fine, young powerful one...Lets see you take over the ship?” Qwella said.
“You know I was only joking....Are you decent so I can turn the lantern back on?” Twella asked.
“One moment.” Qwella said with some rustling. The lantern came on before Qwella was ready. Gabriel was looking in her direction when it came on. She was bent over trying to fix her breasts in the dress.
“You bitch!” Qwella said as she straightened up still holding her breasts. With a tug she pulled the dress up around them. Twella unlocked the cage door with a smirk. She was wearing her blue dress again like it had never been torn. 
“Why don't you get the door?” Twella said looking at her sister.
“I thought you were the powerful one?” Qwella said with a smirk.
“Well only you can melt the hinges.” Twella said.
“Why not just have your battle maiden hold it shut?” Qwella said as she walked past them and went over to the door leading to the upper decks. Placing her hand on the hinges her eyes glowed with red flames. The hinge turned red hot and welded together. Qwella touched each of the hinges and welded the door shut.
“That should give us some time.” Qwella said.
“We can only hope.” Twella said looking up at the ceiling.
“So why couldn't you just melt the cuffs off before?” Gabriel asked.
“Those sacks we had on were soaked in holy water and blessed. They made our senses blind and we could not use our power.” Twella said.
“Yeah I would have never let that disgusting man on me but we had to get the masks off.” Qwella said looking at the burnt corpse in disgust.
“I am sorry Gabriel we would talk more but we must get ready. You might see us do some strange things, but don't disturb us or we might attack you unwillingly.” Twella said as she picked up her dress and knelt down on the ground.
“Keep on eye on Charlie for me?” Qwella said as she spread out her arms and looked up at the ceiling.
“We have to channel our powers so that tonight they can be unleashed.” Qwella said as her eyes turned to embers and her hands trembled.
“See you soon sexy!” Twella said as her eyes went black and she knelt down in prayer.
“Charlie I will keep watch on the door ok bud?” Gabriel said and Charlie nodded his head. Gabriel walked over to the door and sat down in front of it. 
“Argha stormhom cratha.” Twella mumbled as she sat up from the prayer and started to bend backwards. Her spine cracked as she went back and her elbows busted out of place. Gabriel cringed as her joints popped and snapped. Eventually she froze in one contorted position and stayed there. A strange gurgling sound came from her mouth that was stretched open.
Charlie was looking at the two dead men smiling as though something was amusing him. His smile would retract but then come back once again like someone was entertaining him. The whole thing was very disturbing to Gabriel, and he was feeling dizzy. Thoughts of fresh air outside of the stuffy lower deck crossed Gabriel's mind.
Qwella's eye's went brighter as time passed. As though at first it was just a small ember, that was fueled into a camp fire, then a bonfire. Now it looked like a whole city was engulfed in flame. Her eye's were glowing much brighter than the lantern. With each passing minute the room got brighter and brighter. Until finally Gabriel had to turn his back to them because it was so bright that it hurt his eye's.
Almost like the ark from a welder, it was enough to burn the eyes just by looking. Even Charlie had to turn away from his entertainment. Gabriel tried to imagine how strange his life must be. Not only strange but horrific for all the things he must have seen. Gabriel turned around to check on him and he was making shadow figures on the wall with his hands.
A few hours had past until finally the witches were coming out of their trance. The light in Qwella's eye's grew dimmer. While Twella contorted back and knelt down in prayer once again. Charlie had fallen asleep over the passing hours. The light from his mothers eye's seemed to bring him comfort. Though he became restless as the light grew dim.
Twella came back up to her feet, Gabriel looked into her black eye's and saw a half moon. The darkness on the moon faded until there was a full moon in her eyes. The moon slowly went dark while the black around it went white. Until the moon darkened into her pupil and the blue in her eyes. Until they went back to completely normal.
“Did we miss anything?” Twella asked smiling at Gabriel.
“Nope nothing, I am surprised no one came looking for the two men.” Gabriel said.
“Qwella will be awhile longer, she likes to take her time.” Twella said looking to her sister.
“Charlie fell asleep about an hour ago.” Gabriel said.
“Well that's good maybe me and Qwella can have the boat free of rats by the time he wakes.” Twella said as she walked over to Gabriel and sat down next to him.
“I can help you guys too you know?” Gabriel said.
“I know, but maybe its best you stay down here with Charlie. You think what you have seen so far is bad, wait until we go up there. I would prefer you don't see that side of me. Twella said grabbing Gabriel's hand and looking at his palm.
“Are you a plam reader?” Gabriel asked.
“Yes, I see you and me have a bright future!” Twella said smiling. Gabriel smiled back but wasn't sure what to say since he knew his future wasn't bright.
“I am not really a palm reader, I just wanted to do this.” Twella said as she held Gabriel's hand. It felt odd to Gabriel though, after all the last man who was affectionate with her died a horrible death. Gabriel even felt a little intimidated by her and just stared off into space.
“Do you like my sister?” Twella whispered into Gabriel's ear.
“Yes, she is a very nice woman.” Gabriel said.
“No, not like that.” Twella said as she got closer to his ear.
“Do you want her.” She whispered so close to his ear that it tickled.
“No, I am not really interested in anyone like that.” Gabriel said.
“You don't want me?” Twella whispered again in his ear.
“Twella any man who doesn't want you is a fool.” Gabriel said moving his head around so she would stop tickling the hairs in his ear. Twella smiled and tilted her head to move in for a kiss.
“I am a fool Twella.” Gabriel said moving his head away so he could not be kissed. The smile from Twella's face faded and she moved away.
“Oh I see, I thought maybe you liked me.” Twella said in a defeated tone.
“I do like you, and want you....Thing's are just confusing for me right now.” Gabriel said. Twella grabbed a hold of Gabriel's hand again.
“I get it, we will just be friends.” Twella said looking at him and smiling.
“Yes.” Gabriel said back but even he didn't want that. She was irresistible but Gabriel knew she would only hurt him. She moved so fast and was very flirtatious, playing with a woman like her was playing with fire.
“My sister is so pretty.” Twella said jealously.
“Yes she is a very pretty woman.” Gabriel said as he could feel Twella's grip loosen.
“Look at her skin, so pale and unblemished.” Twella said.
“She has nice skin...' Gabriel said knowing that he was being tested.
“Not like my skin, all covered in ink.” Twella said with a sigh. Gabriel pulled his hand away from Twella and set it in his lap.
“Look Twella, I am not one for playing games. You and your sister are both stunning women. I haven't found an ounce of imperfection on either of you. Any man in my position would be the luckiest man alive. Any man except me, I am cursed in more way's than you can begin to imagine. You two are better off without me, I will only get you killed.” Gabriel said.
“Well thank you Gabriel!” Qwella said smiling as the light in her eye's faded. Twella's lips pouted out and she glared at her sister.
“Gabriel once we get to shore you are welcome to go as you please. I know you say you are cursed but we are your friends now. If you want to go, fine, and if you want to stay well even better.” Qwella said still smiling.
“Shall we?” Twella said getting up and staring at her sister.
“I can help too.” Gabriel said getting up.
“Yes, you can watch Charlie....If we don't come back..” Qwella said as she went over and kissed Charlie on the top of the head.
“Let me go up there, if anything I will make a good distraction.” Gabriel said.
“We already have thossssse.” Twella said as she lowered her wrist towards the floor. Twella had a tattoo of a black mamba wrapped around her wrist. It's tongue flicked from out of her arm. Then its head came out and slowly it uncurled itself. Almost like a snake shedding its skin but instead her skin shedded a snake.
Qwella's eye's started to glow again as she walked over to the door. She placed her hand in the middle of it and this time everything metal melted away. Hot molten metal dripped on the floor and slid away from it smoldering. Gabriel walked over to the door and waited for it to come open.
“Ssssstay!” Twella said as the snake came all the way out of her skin. It was huge, at least seven feet long, and its tongue flickered at Gabriel. Qwella's turned and looked at Gabriel, her eye's smoldered and she glared. Gabriel stepped backwards almost tripping. He knew they were not women to be messed with and he took a seat next to Charlie.
“Arghh!” The battle maiden yelled as she came out of Twella's chest. The farther she got out the larger she became. It was as if watching a balloon being blown up. She came from her skin very fast and dove into the floor and rolled to her feet. Gabriel looked at Twella, her eye's were black again as though she were possessed. Her body was now trembling as spiders, bats, a crow, three black cats, a skeleton, two owls, and a toad all spewed out from her skin.
Gabriel looked on in disbelief as the tattoo's came to life. It was like nothing he had ever seen before. The door thumped as it fell to the floor free from its hinges. Qwella stepped aside as the battle maiden and other creatures ran through the door. Looking at Twella's body Gabriel could than see some of the tattoo's had not come to life. The one's that did were no longer on her skin.
“AHH!” Gabriel heard a man scream. Twella's arched back and lifted inches off the ground. She started to hover out the door as Qwella waited for her. Looking down Gabriel could still see the boy sleeping. A surge of adrenaline came over him and he jumped to his feet and ran past them and out the door. Gabriel did not stop to look, or think he just knew he would help them.
Running up the steps Gabriel could see the carnage at the second level. Templars were in their bunks sleeping. With two quick slashes, the battle maiden cut two men's throats. Their eye's opened from their slumber as their hand's went for their necks. Blood rushed through their fingers as they tried to stop the bleeding.
“Swoooosh” A ball of flame flew past Gabriel and crashed into a man getting out from his bed. The black mamba dug its fangs into a man's face who also laid in his bed. Spiders ran up the bunks and under covers of those still sleeping. It all happened so fast that they had no time to wake. Looking up Gabriel saw a man with a shotgun coming below deck.
“Hey!” Gabriel shouted to draw his attention.
“Chick, chick, boom!” The man pumped the shotgun and fired into Gabriel's chest. His lungs instantly ceased up and he could not draw another breath.
“NOOO!” Twella cried out still floating above ground. A bow came out from one of her belly tattoo’s and before it could emerge an arrow was shot. It cut through the air and hit the man right in the heart. With a clang the shotgun fell from the man's hands. Shortly followed by him as his body bounced down the steps.
It was a female Elvin archer with blonde hair and tight elvish clothing that came out from her belly. She knocked another arrow and released hitting a man in the eye who came in from a back room. Struggling Gabriel got back to his feet. Still unable to breathe but he could be used as a meat shield. To deflect the bullets.
Grabbing a hold of a hand rail he climbed the steps one step at a time. His shirt was now so riddled with holes that it hardly stayed on him. Before opening the door to the main deck he looked down one last time. All the men below deck were dead before they knew what had hit them. 
“Heeeeh” Gabriel struggled to breath and pain filled his lungs. He was going dizzy from lack of air and knew he had little time. Pushing the door open he looked up at the night sky. It was a clear night on the ocean and the stars were sparkling.
“Pew!” A bullet hit the door as it came open. Gabriel ran out out the door and firing squad was waiting. Templars were focusing in on the door and unleashed a hail of bullets. Many zinged past him but some hit home. Things went dark and he collapsed to the ground. Waiting for the darkness of death Gabriel laid there still hearing bullets wiz by. Although he was able to open his eye's again after he hit the ground.
Death had not disabled Gabriel yet, and he watched the door behind him. Something came crawling out the door like a wave of shadows. One came right past Gabriel's view and he was able to see what it was. It was the spiders who crept across the deck of the ship. The gun men could not have even seen them coming.
“Boom, boom, boom!” A man tried to shoot the snake as it slithered out. Though he missed it and it too faded into the darkness.
“AHH!” A man screamed.
“Boom, boom!” His gun went off and then Gabriel heard a thud as he fell to the ground.
“Swoosh......Thunk!” Gabriel saw an arrow come out from the door followed by the thud of a man.
“Swoosh....Clang...Clang.” Another arrow came out but had missed.
“Wait!” Twella cried out.
“RAAAAH!” The battle maiden charged out from below deck. Gabriel watched as she came up with both swords knocked back.
“Whoph, Whoph, Whoph.” She threw one of the swords and it tumbled through the air.
“TAAT, TAAT, TAAT, TAAT, Thunk!” Hit with bullets the battle maiden dropped to her knees. Though her sword had silenced the gunman too late. She knocked back the other sword but it fell at her side. Falling face first she hit the deck motionless.
“Awwww.......Splash!” A man cried out as he jumped into the sea.
“Clank!” A man dropped his gun.
“Please don't, Please don't kill me!” The man pleaded.
“Wait!” Qwella yelled out.
“Is it clear?” Qwella asked Twella.
“All except him!” Twella yelled. Gabriel's wounds had healed and he got up to his feet. Bodies of men were all around the deck. Holding his hands above his head a man slowly backed up. The black mamba was striking inches away from him until he could back up no more.
“It's ok dear!” Qwella said amerging from below deck. Stopping the black mamba curled up right in front of the man. Qwella walked up to the man and offered her hand.
“You surrendered I won't hurt you!” Qwella said urging the man to take her hand. Reluctantly the man took her hand and his started to smolder.
“AHHHH!” The man cried as he fell to his knees. With a quick snap the mamba bit into the back of the man's legs.
“Awww, I wanted to finish him!” Qwella said letting go of the man's hand. Curling up the man hit the floor. His eye's blinked a few time's and then they blinked no more. Floating up the steps Twella came up on deck with her arms sprawled back. Creatures from her tattoo's came running back to her. Slithering up her body the snake headed for her arm and took his place. Diving into her stomach the Elvin archer returned to her place. Her body trembled again as they all entered into her again. Until they all had taken their place. All except the battle maiden who lay dead on the deck. Twella's eye's went back to normal and her feet planted in the deck. Rushing over to the battle maiden, she picked her head up and started weeping.

About The Author 

“I don't write for money, or for my words to be read. I write because it takes me to dark corners in my mind that I was to afraid to go.”
He is not the typical writer, if there even is such a thing. His resume most likely is not suitable for fast food chains let alone literature. But that's the beauty in writing, it doesn't really matter who you are. But if you must know..
He is 28 years old, born and raised in Craig Colorado. He dropped out of high school to join the working world. Another failure in the public school system. He has worked as a butcher, casino cook, truck driver, concrete truck driver and finisher, now he works for the government. The Colorado Rockies are still his home.
Zach loves psychology, mathematics, physics, nature, and the outdoors. His daughter and wife are his world and he thrives to give them the best life he can.

