Prologue

One month after the ending of The Werewolf Prince and I

"Mama." Little Dylan beamed at Misty before gurgling out the same word.

The others laughed as Misty's eyes widened in shock at what her baby brother said. "Did you guys teach him that?"

Kelly opened her mouth to answer but closed it quickly at the warning look sent by her twin. Kevin was probably right. It just wasn't the time yet to talk about Domenico. Misty might not appreciate learning that Dylan spent every night in their brother-in-law's bedroom, with a freaking prince as his nanny.

And a few nights ago, Kelly herself had overheard Domenico teaching Dylan to say that very word. She had also forgotten how extraordinarily strong a Lyccan's ability to pick out scents was, which allowed Domenico to catch her red-faced at the doorway.

Instead of giving her his infamous tight-lipped look - like the one he had when he discovered Kelly sneaking out of the Moretti compound to date the quarterback in her school - Domenico had simply given her a heartbreakingly wry smile and said, "It might help keep the other men away from Misty while I'm...not around."

The memory made Kelly bite her lip very hard.

As she adjusted the yawning Dylan on her lap, Misty caught the look of worry in her sister's face. "Hey. Is everything all right?"

Kelly bit her lip harder. To prevent herself from crying, she busied herself playing with her hair and fiddling with the sunglasses perched on her nose. The words "shiny, shimmery, splendid" from the Little Mermaid song had immediately come to mind on her first sight of the realm of the Faeries. Even though it was a late Sunday afternoon and sunlight never able to penetrate the realm's protective shield, everything was still so glaringly...bright. Here, the grass shone like emeralds, the skies were the color of sapphires, and the lilies that floated on a nearby pond sparkled like diamonds.

She watched her sister smile and laugh with her other siblings. She so badly wanted to ask if Misty truly didn't want Domenico back anymore. But Kelly couldn't make herself say the words, not when the answer frightened her. She had never believed in true love until she had seen Misty and Domenico together. She needed a little more time to cling to her hopes...even if they'd one day prove false.

"I'm just worried about school," Kelly finally mumbled when Misty kept glancing at her worriedly.

"Oh." Concern darkened Misty's gray eyes. "Is it anything I can help you with?"

Kelly forced a grin. "If you can teach me the latest routine for cheerleading---"

"Forget I even asked," Misty answered hastily, making everyone laugh again.

A Faerie guard came then, his sudden appearance making Kelly start in surprise. She just couldn't get used to how stealthy these Faeries were. And they got to be invisible outside their realm, too! Those were very cool abilities, and she didn't want them to be cool. More to the point, Kelly didn't want Misty to think they were cooler than Lyccans.

Misty nodded and when the uniformed Faerie retreated, she said in a very casual tone, "Your Lyccan escort's here."

Kevin shook their other siblings awake. The younger ones had fallen asleep after gorging themselves with fruit pies, candies made of dried fruits and just about all other dishes that could be made from fruits. One thing Kelly could say about the Faeries' realm: it was without a doubt a dieting cheerleader's paradise.

Nicole was awake now. She rubbed her eyes, opened them, and yelped. "Shiny!" Nicole gasped, quickly looking down. Her eyes scanned the array of dishes spread on the blanket for their impromptu picnic and she sighed in relief as she found her shades between the milkshakes and cheese platter.

"I don't understand how you can stand to live here, Misty," Nicole mumbled as she grabbed her shades. "And without sunglasses! Everything's so...sparkly. It's like living in the belly of Edward Cullen."

Misty raised a brow. "I thought you're never going to read Twilight."

Nicole turned red. "That was before I learned stuff like vampires and werewolves were real."

Kelly paid close attention to her Misty's face when Nicole mentioned the word 'werewolves', hoping for a reaction - anything that would make her feel more hopeful.

But Misty only smiled. "Don't forget Faeries. You should also check out books about Faeries and see if they have any inkling of truth in them."

A little while later, when it was truly time to go, Misty asked the twins to stay behind. "We didn't get to talk much about...what's happening...because of the kids." Misty took a deep breath. "I'm hoping you all could move in here with me."

Before Kevin could say anything, Kelly blurted out, "I...don't think it's possible."

Her twin gave her a questioning look. What are you doing? Kelly didn't need ESP to read what that look meant. She gave him a look back, one that said just two words: Trust me.

"I heard Lyccan guards talking. They say the vampires are all around. If we move here, it's going to be a big thing...they could know about it and we could be ambushed." Kelly felt extremely guilty at the sad and appalled look in her sister's eyes.

"Shick," Misty whispered, seemingly more to herself than anyone else. Her shoulders slumped. "I never even considered what kind of trouble I'd brought you guys into---"

Kelly shook her head quickly. "No, no, don't blame yourself, Misty. None of us would trade our lives now for anything in this world. Even with all the threats...we've never been happier. You know that, right?" She ignored Kevin's look and continued, almost desperately, "You remember how we felt so much more complete with Domenico around?"

Misty froze.

Shit. Shick. Shit. Kelly was so torn apart by the look on her sister's face she was completely confused about which bad word to use.

"Misty---"

Her sister squeezed her hand, and Kelly fell silent, understanding everything that Misty was telling her without words. Misty was the kindest person Kelly had ever known. The strongest, too, and it was that steely spine of Misty that told her not to talk anymore about Domenico Moretti. Most people thought her older sister was a wimp, a crybaby, but most people were stupid. They couldn't see the real Misty, the one who had singlehandedly brought them up and made sure their selfish cold-hearted foster mother didn't turn them into screw-ups.

"I just want to be sure you're all okay there."

"You do not have to worry about us anymore, Misty." Kevin's voice was quiet and firm, a far cry from how young he had sounded before he turned Lyccan. "We just want you to be okay, too. To be happy."

"I am happy here, Kevin."

Kelly looked away, not wanting anyone to see how Misty's words scared her. She got that Domenico did something unforgivable to Misty, but she also believed with all her heart that every person deserved a chance for atonement. Misty herself had taught her that. She used to teach Kelly that every morning, telling her over breakfast - which was basically just cereal and water in those days - how Kelly should take the higher ground whenever other girls in school posted nasty comments about her online.

"We'll visit you every weekend," Kelly promised. "But for now, is it okay if we just stay where we are?" The hurt in Misty's eyes made Kelly want to take her words back but she managed to stay silent. She had to do this. With every day that her family stayed with the Morettis, Misty would also be forced to remember that she had once loved a man named Domenico Moretti.

After, Misty kept her smile in place as she continued waving goodbye at her siblings. When they disappeared completely from view, Misty immediately broke into a run, gasping when she reached the beautiful brick house that Daryl shared with his lover Milo.

She raised her fist to pound on the door heavily, but with Daryl opening the door right away Misty almost ended up pounding his face.

"Whoa!" Daryl grimaced. "That bad?"

"Please" was all Misty could say.

Daryl stepped aside and locked the door behind them without a word. The silence persisted as they walked to a small room kept hidden at the back of the house, away from prying eyes, its doors hidden behind a full-length gilded mirror.

It was dark inside the room, Daryl lighting only a lantern that created a tiny halo of golden light. She sat on one armchair while Daryl sat next to her. "Are you sure?" he asked, worry lining his voice.

"I need this, Daryl. Please." Misty didn't like how desperate and needy she sounded but knew it was exactly how she felt. It had taken all of her control not to cover her ears every time her siblings talked about Domenico.

"Open your hand then," Daryl said quietly.

Her fingers uncurled. She closed her eyes. She had done this every night and had memorized every step of the routine. Her heart started to hammer in a horribly twisted mix of fear and excitement as Daryl placed a burning-hot crystal on her palm. Her fingers closed around it, tearing out a gasp from her throat.

The crystal, imbued with Faerie powers, allowed her to replay and experience just one day of her life. And every night, she made the same choice.

The festive sounds of a ball played in her mind like a fading melody, the laughter and music, the chatter of familiar voices, all of it making her heart ache with painful nostalgia. This was the night that ended it all.

Her breath caught when she saw herself smiling up at Domenico, listening to what he had to say like he was her god. How beautiful he was. And how exquisitely stupid and foolish she had been to believe he truly loved her!

Tears blurred her vision, and when she blinked them away, Rafaella was already there.

"When we say 'mated' we're not talking about sexual intercourse, you idiot. We're talking about mating as the true joining of two mates...of you becoming like us."

Even in her memories, the sound of Rafaella's laughter was poisonous, but it wasn't what brought the tears back to her eyes and tore her apart. It was the look on her face that night---the moment Misty had the painful inkling that Domenico Moretti would be breaking her heart.

"You may love me, Domenico...but you don't love me enough."

Daryl snatched the crystal from her hand, forcing her back into the present.

Misty found herself on her knees, heavy sobs racking her body.

Daryl gathered her in his arms. "Oh, Misty. You have got to stop torturing yourself."

She shook her head even as the excruciating pain of her memories continued to squeeze her heart like a vise with thorns. "I can't, Daryl. I need to learn how to stop loving him."

Chapter One

"Misty, Misty, oh my God, Misty!" Daryl came running into the courtyard, his two-inch wooden sandals making clopping sounds on the brick ground. He skidded to a stop - just to kiss his partner, Milo, on the lips.

The love shining in the g*y couple's eyes made Misty's own eyes burn, and she hurriedly looked away, trying to distract herself with the shimmering beauty of her surroundings. Because that was how everything was her in the realm of Faeries - shimmering. Probably the only thing that wasn't shimmering was her heart, which had been crushed to pieces by a no-good---

No, no, no. She wasn't going to get to that. She wasn't going to be melodramatic about it. That part of her life was over.

Daryl finally managed to pull himself away from Milo. "Misty, oh my God---"

The alarm in his face finally got to her, and the sword she had been holding fell from her suddenly nerveless fingers. She had been spending most of her time in the realm of Faeries practicing her sword-fighting skills, finding some strange sense of peace with the clashing sound that swords made. She didn't have to feel when she was fighting. It was...peaceful.

"What is it? Is it my family?"

"No. Well...not really...there had been an attack against the Lyccans and one of their kind had been tortured." His eyes were bleak. "It's your sister-in-law...Estrella."

After sixteen months of licking her wounds, Misty finally left the realm of the Faeries. As the emissary and liaison officer of the Faeries for the Lyccans, it was her job to make sure that the pact between the two races would be carried out.

The whispers and the stares began the moment she walked inside the majestic main hall of the Lyccan Council. She climbed the grand staircase to the committee office in the second floor, where Daryl's father, the Castellano pack leader, waited.

"Misty," Aurelius greeted her warmly. The white-haired old man gave her a slight bow.

"Sir," she said, returning the bow with one of her own. She didn't want to do it, but courtesy made her go through the motions. That bow wasn't because she was the Faeries' chosen emissary. It was because she was still Misty Moretti in his eyes, wife to the heir of the Moretti pack leader.

Just the thought of anything associated to Domenico Moretti hurt.

"How are you?"

"I'm fine." She gave the older man a reassuring smile. He was one of the few Lyccans she trusted. Everyone else...was suspect. She told herself she had to feel that way about them, that she couldn't be naive about them anymore. She still remembered every painful second of the last time she had been in Lyccan Hall, when Rafaella had shown her how foolish she had been. How gullible.

The doors crashed behind them. Aurelius turned, but Misty didn't because she knew who it was. She wished she didn't but the way her skin prickled told her no matter what, she still wasn't able to ignore his presence.

"Misty?" His voice - even though it sounded ragged now - was tortuously familiar.

She took a deep breath before turning around. Without looking straight at him, she murmured, "Domenico."

Domenico stared, heart hammering in his chest, unable to believe that after sixteen long months of estrangement he was finally seeing Misty again.

Yet she was different.

It...unnerved him, but at the same time, it attracted him. Everything about Misty made his heart constrict in complete desire.

Damn it, he had missed her so much in the months she had been gone and yet now, she didn't look as if she cared one whit about their estrangement. Had he truly lost her for good?

She seemed taller, more beautiful, and more ethereal. Something about how Misty looked right now nagged at him. He studied her more carefully, or at least he tried to do so when every instinct he possessed urged Domenico to haul her into his arms and never let go. Misty wore a white voluminous one-shouldered dress that fell just a little past her knees in an asymmetrical hemline. The Misty he knew would never have worn something so elegant before, but this Misty carried it easily, as if she was born dressed like---

A Faerie.

She looked like a goddamn Faerie.

His fists clenched. If the Faeries think Misty was theirs, they were in for a goddamn surprise. Domenico had given her time to heal from the scars he had stupidly inflicted, but he knew in his heart he would take her back. If she didn't want to, that was too f**king bad. Because he would have her back in his life, and he would do whatever it took to make that come true.

"Misty, may we talk privately?" He spared the older man a glance. "Aurelius?"

When the old man left, he turned back to his wife.

~~~

"Look at me, Misty."

The command in Domenico's voice struck something inside her, making it impossible for Misty to resist his order. Reluctantly, she lifted her gaze to meet his and almost gasped at what she saw.

Domenico was staring at her as if he wanted to eat her alive, his gaze roaming all over her body as if he was already undressing her, as if he was already thinking of all the ways he could sink his c**k into her.

One part of her was glad - that meant he desired her, didn't he? But the larger part of her was cynical. In the end, he had never desired her enough, never loved her as much as he thirsted for revenge against his father.

"How are you?" His voice was guttural, as if he was having a hard time holding his emotions back.

Misty frowned. That was not like the Domenico Moretti she knew. The old Domenico had been cold and aloof, perfectly in control, manipulating everything to the very end. Swallowing, she answered only when she could be sure her voice would be steady. "I'm okay. I hope everything's okay with you, too."

Her voice was cold and sweet, just like a Faerie, too. It made Domenico bristle. The Faeries were not going to have her. She was his, for better or for worse. She was the princess meant for him...for Lyccans.

Misty remembered one of the reasons why she was here and her heart immediately softened in concern. "How is Estrella?"

"She's...coping."

"I hope I may see her later."

He frowned. "Of course you can. She's your sister-in-law."

Her head jerked up. "Domenico---"

He could feel himself going cold. "No," he said flatly.

She shook her head. The old Misty wouldn't have argued. But she wasn't that foolish and submissive anymore. "I mean it. I want the cutting of ties to take place now that I'm here."

"Well, you're not going to get it," he snapped.

She acted like she didn't hear him. "I've thought this through. You're worried about what others would say, right? You can tell them that I begged to come back. I won't argue. I just want things to be over in any way---"

"No!"

He had shouted.

Misty was stunned. Domenico never shouted. He wasn't the type.

Domenico tried to keep his fury under control, but God, hearing Misty personally demand a separation made him want to kill someone. "It's not over between us," he gritted out.

Saddened eyes met his. "Of course it is."

His usual impatience got to him, and Domenico strode toward her. Misty tried to back away, but she was too slow and he was too fast. In a second, he was gripping her hands, forcing her to look at him. "Misty, I want another chance."

"There's no need," she said tonelessly. "I gave you what you wanted---"

"I don't care about anything but you!" he shouted.

"And you expect me to believe that?"

This time, she had shocked him.

Because she wasn't the type to shout either and here she was, doing just that.

Taking advantage of his apparent shock, Misty wrenched herself away from Domenico. "I want the cutting of ties," she told him tightly. "This time, if you're not going to present it to the Council then I will."

~~~

Misty was still trembling as she entered the private hospital suite where Estrella Moretti had been confined for two nights already. Memories of her earlier confrontation with Domenico was messing her up internally, making her feel things she no longer wanted to feel. Domenico had stalked off after their argument and she couldn't believe how painful it was to see him go. It just proved one horrible truth. She was still so, so stupidly in love with him it was embarrassing.

But...she had to be strong. She had to.

"Misty!" Her sister-in-law's face brightened upon seeing her.

Pushing her dark thoughts away, Misty summoned a smile as she rushed to Estrella's bed and hugged the younger woman. "I'm so glad to see you're okay."

"More or less," Estrella said.

When Misty pulled away, she was sad to see that although the girl was smiling, it didn't reach her eyes. Misty stroked Estrella's dark hair. "I swear, if I ever come face to face with the monster who hurt you, I'm going to cut him to pieces."

The whole room became silent.

She colored.

"War freak?" Alessandro, one of Domenico's younger brothers, finally asked. "The Faeries, the gentlest race of all, turned you into a war freak?"

Everyone burst into laughter.

Misty made a face. "Hahaha."

"Seriously, what happened?" Alejandro, twin to Alessandro, asked.

She beamed proudly. "I'm now a Level 2 swordswoman!"

The twins whistled in appreciation.

"Really?" Emilia, the baby of the Moretti family, gasped.

Esmeralda interrupted, "But don't you have to be, like, graceful to do that?"

Misty's eyes narrowed. "Are you implying something?"

Everyone became silent again.

"Well..." Esmeralda hedged, and the whole room erupted into laughter once more.

The door opened and Domenico came walking in, and the room fell silent for the third time. Try as she might, Misty couldn't stop staring at him. He had changed into a white cotton sweater, sleeves pushed up to his elbows to reveal his muscular arms. His tan-colored corduroy slacks had a semi-loose fit, like his sweater, but even so they failed to detract from Domenico's sheer sexiness.

Something inside her responded, making Misty squeeze her thighs uncomfortably.

Domenico didn't appear to notice the tense silence in the room, his stride relaxed as he nodded at Misty before bending down to kiss Estrella on the cheek. "Hello, little sister. Feeling better?"

"Now that Misty's here, I'm doing a lot better," his sister replied innocently.

Misty choked.

Domenico grinned. "I swear I didn't teach her that."

Everyone relaxed at the teasing tone of Domenico. She wanted to relax, too, but she was too busy trying not to show how dazzled she was at Domenico's grin. The old Domenico Moretti she knew never grinned that easily. Back then, she had to crack a hundred jokes just to have Domenico Moretti flash teeth and not fangs.

Misty knew she had changed, but it was beginning to be clear to her that she wasn't the only one who had changed.

Domenico remained carefree throughout their visit, which made Misty feel confused and wary. Hurt, too, because it made her wonder if Domenico had been faking all along. Perhaps he really hadn't wanted her back?

Either way, it didn't matter, she told herself furiously. Things were over between them.

When Estrella's nurse bid them to leave, the twins begged her to join them for dinner.

Her smile tight because it pained her to think about all the dinners she had with the Morettis and the dinners she would no longer have a right to join, Misty shook her head, mumbling, "I'm sorry. I can't right now. I have lots of stuff to do."

"Then next time," Alessandro pressed. "We haven't seen you for almost two years, Misty. Don't blow us off like this."

She glanced at Domenico helplessly.

"Of course," he said gently. "Whatever happens, we're still family."

After the meal, which was even more bittersweet than she anticipated, Domenico insisted on taking her back to her hotel, where Daryl was waiting. She acquiesced, seeing no reason why she shouldn't, when he was being oh-so-agreeable. Inside his also painfully familiar limousine, Domenico made no move to engage her in small talk and even took the seat across her.

Misty told herself that it only meant he was seeing things the way she did, that he finally understood what he had done to her was unforgivable.

Miserably, she wondered why she was bothering to convince herself of something so pathetically untrue.

"Misty." Domenico suddenly broke the silence, making Misty look at him, startled.

But he was still gazing outside the window, and his next words would make Misty thankful that he wasn't looking at her.

"I've presented our papers to the Council."

Misty's heart stopped beating for a second when the words sank in her mind.

They really were going to separate.

She had asked for this, demanded for it even, but now that it was truly happening, Misty suddenly felt lost and helpless. What was she going to do now?

Domenico finally glanced at her, his green eyes quietly probing. "This is what you wanted, yes?"

She nodded, mutely.

"You're not going to change your mind?"

Misty's brows furrowed as she sought to read behind the blandness of Domenico's voice. Was he teasing her? Right now, she couldn't tell at all. "What happened?" she asked finally. "You suddenly...changed."

He shrugged.

His refusal to answer deflated her, and the heaviness in her heart grew as she saw her hotel in the distance. Just a few minutes more, and he would be gone from her life. Again. For good.

An unexpected sob escaped her.

It was the cue Domenico was waiting for, and he seized it.

Misty blinked in confusion when Domenico suddenly sprang forward, and she gasped when his hands spanned her waist before carrying her to him. Her legs automatically spread open when she landed on his lap.

"Domeni---" The rest of his name was lost in his kiss.

Domenico splayed one hand on Misty's bu**ocks to push her forward. His other hand took a fistful of her hair, using it to angle her head so he could kiss her as deeply as his tongue could reach inside her mouth.

This kiss was the greatest gamble of his life. And it scared him, so much that Domenico gave it everything he had, using all the skills and techniques he had acquired over the years. She didn't have to be still in love with him, but dammit, she had to be in lust with him! That was a good enough start for him.

Domenico sucked on her tongue, his lips coaxing, caressing Misty's back with light touches, and finally he felt it.

Misty sobbed without knowing why even as she twirled her arms around Domenico's neck. Suddenly, she couldn't get close enough, couldn't feel enough of his skin. Frantically, she tugged his sweater up even though she couldn't make herself let go of Domenico's lips.

He solved the problem quickly by ripping it away.

Misty gasped, but her hands were already busily reacquainting itself with the silky hardness of Domenico's na**d chest, loving how his muscles rippled at her slightest touch. Maybe it was just her imagination, but Domenico felt so much...harder. Stronger. Larger than life. The thought made her shiver with desire, and she felt even more frantic to feel the rest of his body naked. She tugged at his belt, frustrated at how slow and clumsy she was. As Domenico lifted his h*ps so she could pull his slacks down, his hands also went to the back of her dress.

A loud ripping sound momentarily drowned the sound of Domenico's rough pants and her whimpers. The tattered remains of her dress fell to the floor silently.

Her br**sts bounced into his waiting hands and Misty moaned when Domenico squeezed them as if in welcome. Oh, God, how she had missed his touch.

Domenico held her by the hair, pulling her close so he could nip her ear before whispering, "I've burned for you every night you were gone, Misty." At the end of his words, he took a hold of her lace panties - her only piece of clothing left on her body - and tore it away.

Misty's legs fell open in surrender as his hand went to her sex. Her back against his chest, she couldn't keep another cry of desire from escaping as he dipped his fingers in her wetness, the tips grazing her entrance without actually going in.

"Domenico," she sobbed.

"Do you know how much I've dreamt of this, Misty?" His hold on her tightened almost painfully, but it only served to whet her desire and she lifted her h*ps shamelessly, wanting his fingers to penetrate her.

But Domenico's fingers only moved away, trailing back up to play with her nipple before tugging it repeatedly until the tip was at its longest, as painfully aroused as the rest of her body.

"I touch myself when I can't bear another moment of knowing that you're gone, and I imagine that you were touching me." He tugged at her nipple again.

"Domenico."

But he wasn't finished. "I will f**k you until the sun rises, and you will let me."

The words - the images that it evoked - the clipped edge of his voice, all of it almost sent her to the edge.

"Say you'll let me f**k you till tomorrow," Domenico commanded harshly.

"I'll let you f**k me till tomorrow," she sobbed.

Without warning, he rearranged their position on the leather seat, placing Misty on her fours while he half knelt behind her.

"Aaaah." Domenico's c**k rammed into her body from behind, and the force of his thrust caused her to flatten her palms on the limousine door in front her.

Domenico almost lost control as Misty's moist heat surrounded his cock. The feeling of being inside Misty's body was a hundred - a million - times better than anything he had desperately tried to recreate all those nights with just his hand.

Almost savagely, he pumped his c**k in and out of her, one hand gripping her bu**ocks to hold her steady while his other arm was curled around her waist, keeping her suspended. Misty's arms were stretched forward, palms still braced against the door, her br**sts jiggling at each thrust he made.

"Look at me," he growled.

Misty twisted her head to face him, long dark hair falling to the other side, revealing the na**d desire on her face. But something else was there on her face - something he had desperately wanted to see, something that made him shove his c**k as hard and as deep as he could into her hot moist depths.

"Misty." He grabbed her hair so she wouldn't stop looking at him, wouldn't stop knowing who owned her body, if not her heart.

Misty cried out as Domenico's c**k pounded into her body nonstop. She couldn't tear her gaze off his face this time, couldn't help but be mesmerized at the almost hopeless yearning in his green eyes.

Suddenly, he bent forward, causing the entire length of his c**k to fill her.

She screamed, and she screamed again when he touched her cl*t even as his c**k didn't stop thrusting in and out of her.

"Come for me, Misty," he rasped against her throat.

She sobbed, her body instantly reacting to his command.

"I want to feel you come now."

And she came, her body bucking as Domenico played with her cl*t like a guitar even as his c**k shoved into her body for one last time, pouring out his seed.

As Misty gradually regained her sense, shame filled her as she realized how easily she had succumbed to Domenico's touch.

Sixteen months.

For sixteen months she had worked hard to kill her feelings for Domenico and with just one touch, all her hard work had been for naught.

She tried to get away, but Domenico's arm around her waist immediately turned into a band of steel, keeping her imprisoned in his arms.

"Let me go!"

"Not until you hear what I have to say."

"There's nothing for us to say anymore!"

In response, Domenico only pulled his still-erect c**k out of her body a few inches before pushing it back in with one solid possessive thrust.

Misty moaned.

"You're mine, Misty."

Behind her, Misty felt Domenico gently lift her hair off her back, letting it spill over her shoulders so he could press a small kiss to her back.

She started to cry.

"I love you, Misty."

She cried harder at that.

Her sobs tore at him, but Domenico didn't let it sway him. He was doing this for both of them. Soon, she would know this, too. Hardening his voice, he said, "This time, I will make sure you have no doubts about how much you f**king mean to me."

"It's too late," she wept. "It's just too---" she gasped when Domenico's fingers found her clit, pressing it ever so gently.

"It's never too late for the two of us. I will make you fall in love with me again, Misty. No one - not even your goddamn Faeries - can take you away from me."

He slowly withdrew from her, and tired both physically and emotionally, Misty allowed Domenico to clean her and dress her. She wasn't even surprised that he had a spare set of clothing for her. He was always like that, prepared for every eventuality.

When she was properly covered in a dress that she remembered buying a year ago, Domenico placed her on his lap. Her eyes started to tear again when she saw him take out a hair brush.

"No---"

Ignoring her protest, Domenico started brushing her hair. At the same time, he pressed the intercom button, instructing the driver to take them back to her hotel. When he was done, Domenico looked at her, his eyes steely, his voice uncompromising as he spoke. "We'll go together to Daryl. You will tell him that you will spend the night with me."

In spite of herself, her toes curled at the sexual hunger in his gaze. He really was going to f**k her till the sun rose.

"Just for tonight," she heard herself saying. "But tomorrow - we're over, Domenico."

"You can tell yourself whatever you want to, but when you let me f**k you tonight, I had my answer. You want me, Misty, and that's enough for me for now. But mark my words. I will make you fall in love with me again - more than you have ever been, so much that you won't ever think of leaving me again."

Chapter Two

Misty was still in a daze when she walked past Domenico as he locked the door behind her with a resounding click. She couldn't believe how so many things had happened so fast, couldn't believe how after more than a year of torturing herself with memories from the past, she had given herself up so easily. Was she never to be free of Domenico Moretti?

And Daryl---her so-called friend, the one who was supposed to keep her from trouble---had simply given her a sheepish wave when Domenico told him with a very charming smile that he and Misty would be enjoying a nightcap in his room.

Save me. Misty was pretty sure her eyes had screamed the silent message at her Lyccan-turned-Faerie friend.

You go, girl was unfortunately the message that Daryl sent to her with twinkling eyes. Drat it. He had always been against Misty cutting ties with Domenico. She should have remembered that.

"Take off your clothes." Domenico's voice was deep and husky, as dark as the blackness that wrapped around the hotel suite. The only light existing came from the floor lamp next to where Domenico was languidly sprawled on a padded chair. It gave Domenico's half-naked body a golden glow, emphasizing the cuts of his body.

Misty stared in open-mouthed shock. They might have had made love in the car, but it had even been darker there, and then she had other, err, things in her mind. But now, all she could see was Domenico, and he was so...buffed. He never had even an extra ounce of fat before, but now he was practically rippling with muscles, his body turned into a beautiful lean killing machine.

"Misty," Domenico gritted out, his c**k rock hard at the desire flashing in his wife's eyes.

Just the sound of it made Misty's toes curl, and she found herself responding to the command in his voice. A part of her wanted to rebel against it, but there was an even larger part of Misty that simply urged her to yield. Just this one night, she reminded herself. This was the closure she wanted, needed, to finally get over the man that haunted every waking and sleeping minute of her life.

Relief coursed through Domenico's body when Misty finally moved, her fingers adorably clumsy as she slowly stripped herself from her clothes. He had this insane urge to dominate her in the bedroom, as if his heart was telling him that this was the only way right now he could possess Misty.

Because outside the bedroom, he was nothing to her, a man she was desperately keen to leave and forget.

His fists clenched, and it took most of his iron control not to leap out of the chair and grab Misty to him. So f**king long. It seemed like an eternity since he had seen her lovely na**d body, and even though he already had her in the limousine earlier, it wasn't enough. It would never be enough.

When Misty finally dropped her panties to the ground, she stood trembling and naked, wrapping her arms around herself. She shouldn't be doing this. It wasn't right when they were about to cut ties. But she couldn't help it. There was something about Domenico Moretti that she would always find irresistible.

Just this one night, she thought to herself again. It would be for her memories, something she could embrace in the lonely nights that would fill the rest of her life. She was determined never to see Domenico again after this night. If there was anything this day taught her, then it was that she could not trust herself in his presence.

"Crawl to me."

Misty's head jerked up in shock. "What did you say?"

"You heard me."

She shook her head. "Why would I do that?"

"Because I told you to."

"No!" She couldn't stop searching Domenico's face for a clue, any sign to explain to her what made him so different now. He was so much more domineering - he had never asked her to do this in the past.

His voice turned into liquid heat as he spoke, and Misty braced herself for its impact.

"Do you want me to crawl to you instead?"

She whitened. "No."

"Then crawl to me."

And slowly, she understood what he was getting to.

"You bastard," she whispered, but her body was already shivering with desire as Domenico started stroking himself, his eyes burning in desire that she knew mirrored what was in her own eyes.

She never wanted to see Domenico Moretti crawl, and he knew it. But they both knew she had loved submitting to him, had found it exhilarating to surrender her entire body to him.

"Crawl to me now, Misty. I won't ask you again."

Slowly, Misty found herself bending down until she was on fours. The position was unfamiliar, after all these months she had been alone. The weight of her br**sts, which were swollen with desire, combined with the ache between her legs - all of it made her desire for Domenico increase tenfold.

She glanced up at Domenico almost uncertainly.

Come, his eyes invited her. There was na**d yearning in it, a promise of something she was afraid to label.

His eyes possessed her, and she began to crawl.

Domenico's arousal became more and more painful with every move that Misty made. The way her br**sts swayed entranced him, and the way her shapely bu**ocks and legs swayed similarly arrested him. By the time she stopped in front of him, he had to take several deep breaths so that he wouldn't forget everything by taking Misty like a mindless bull.

Stroking himself, he asked, "How do you feel, Misty?"

"Weird," she confessed.

"And..."

She bit her lip.

"Crawling made you want me to f**k you, didn't it?" he whispered.

Slowly, she nodded.

Domenico moved, using his Lyccan speed to reverse their positions, with Misty suddenly on the chair and him kneeling down a few feet away from her.

The blur of movement shocked her, and Misty could only blink when she saw Domenico on his knees at the opposite side of the room. "Domenico?"

He started to crawl.

"No!"

She ran to him before she could stop herself, the image of Domenico crawling towards her so painful it made her chest tighten. She couldn't breathe, couldn't feel, the pain was so great. Misty pushed him back so that he would rest on his haunches. "Why are you doing this?" she asked brokenly.

"Because I want you to understand," he answered fiercely. "Did it feel bad for you to crawl to me because you wanted me so much?"

She shook her head mutely.

"Did you feel bad when I started crawling to you?"

"Yes!" she burst out.

"But I will do that any f**king time in front of a thousand people if it means I will have you back!"

The na**d emotions in Domenico's eyes were too much, and she started to look away. But Domenico had never gone easy on her, and he was no different now. He cupped her face and made her look at him.

"I love you, Misty. And I will crawl for you, beg you---I'll do anything just to make you mine again. It didn't feel bad to me because I was doing it for you." His fingers slid through her hair, tightening in a possessive grip. "You've been gone for sixteen f**king months, and I was lost. All that I had going for me was the hope - this undying hope that I would see you again one day and when that time comes, I'll have you back."

His voice turned hoarse. "Misty, I meant what I said. I'll do anything to---"

Misty's lips suddenly covered his, arms wrapping around his neck, her kiss effectively silencing him.

He knew what she was doing, knew that she couldn't bear to hear the rest of what he had to say because she wasn't yet sure what her answer would be. Or maybe she already knew but simply didn't want to tell him right now.

Either way, it was a rejection.

And it hurt.

But Domenico pushed the pain away. If Misty could not forgive him now, then so be it. He could not and would never blame her for it, after all the pain he had caused her. He would simply try again.

Tears fell from her eyes, mingling with the taste of Domenico's lips. "Domenico," she whispered. More tears fell at the sound of his name on her lips. All the months they had been apart, she had not let herself speak his name. And she was right not to. Because right now, the sound of it was already breaking her.

Domenico's chest constricted at the bittersweet familiarity of Misty's voice saying his name. He could feel her trembling, not just out of desire but now out of hurt remembrance of bad memories.

"Please," Misty said shakily, hiding her face in the crook of his neck as she embraced him more tightly towards him.

"Please what, darling?" he asked rawly.

"Please just make love to me tonight." Misty felt Domenico draw a swift hard breath at her words, his chest heaving against hers.

And then he was sweeping her up in his arms and lowering her to bed.

"Open your legs."

She had barely finished doing so when his c**k was already entering her, so deeply that she could almost swear it was touching her heart. Domenico suddenly pulled out and sank back into her in one swift, deliciously hard move, and she whimpered in shocked pleasure.

"Ready?" He stared down at her.

"R-ready for what?"

"This." Domenico tossed her legs over his shoulders, pulling his c**k out before ramming back into her in full force.

Misty gasped.

But it was just the beginning. Domenico was relentless, pounding into her faster and harder with each thrust, her body shaking with every instance. She could only hold on to him and gasp, her legs twisted over his shoulders and around his back.

As his movements became fiercer, she found herself clinging to the headboard, causing her br**sts to push up.

"Yes," he gritted out and without pausing in his thrusts, he bent down to suck one nipple into his mouth.

"Aaah!" Misty's eyes rolled back as his thrusts moved in rhythm with his tongue while he continued sucking hard on her nipple. She screamed when she felt his teeth clamping down around the tip of her breast and she screamed again when his teeth sank deeper into her flesh.

The sounds of Misty's pleasures fed his own. Releasing her nipple, he turned his head to the other side so he could suck her other nipple. As he took it in his mouth, he tightened his hands around her butt so that he could grind his c**k into her more deeply.

"Oh, God." She could only hang on to the headboard with all her might as her body started to jerk more wildly.

Domenico released her nipple and, without stopping his forceful thrusts, he went on his knees, lifting her h*ps in the air.

"Mine," he grated.

Her body had lost all sense of gravity, its weight dependent on Domenico's c**k and his hands around her hips.

When his fingers tightened around her hips, his c**k pulling out and teasing the entrance of her sex, she sobbed out, "Yours. Oh God, I'm yours."

Domenico pulled out one last time and when he sank his c**k back into her, he pinched her cl*t at the same time.

Misty screamed as she came, and her legs tightened around his h*ps reflexively as her back arched. Her arms fell at the strength of her orgasm but Domenico was there to catch her. He lowered her back to the bed, his c**k still pulsing inside her. He started to move again, and she whimpered, her body stirring back into life as his movements became fast and frenzied.

"Come again," he growled.

She whimpered.

He increased his tempo, knowing his orgasm was just moments away. One hand pinning her arms over her head, Domenico reached down with his other hand until he found Misty's tender nub of flesh, which strained for his touch.

"Come!" He pressed her cl*t down as hard as he could while he filled her cunt with his cock.

Misty's body responded to his command and she sobbed as she came again and with him, Domenico's h*ps bucking over hers at the strength of his own release.

When she woke up, the other side of the bed was empty, the room quiet and bathed in sunlight streaming from the windows, the curtains pulled to the side. She pushed herself up, searching the room for Domenico as she did. And that was when she saw it.

Pulling the sheets with her to wrap around her body, Misty padded towards the coffee table, her heart beating madly.

A note was attached to the scroll and she took it with shaky hands.

My love, I do not want to make this harder for you.

If you truly want us to cut ties, then I shall affix my signature after yours has dried.

But before you do, allow me to tell you again that I am deeply sorry for all the pain I have caused you in the past. I love you. More than anything in this world.

~~~

From the building across the hotel, Domenico watched Misty cry, sinking into the floor as she held his note to her chest. And then she was gone, leaving an hour later with no signs of whether she had indeed chosen to cut ties.

Domenico went back to the hotel suite, her scent still strong in the room, a scent he had craved for so long. He inhaled it sharply, wishing he could have it with him all the time so that he wouldn't feel so empty when she was not at his side.

The scroll was on the table, with a new note attached. He picked it up, his heart aching when he felt the wet spots, caused by Misty's tears.

I'm sorry.

He dropped to his knees.

It was over.

Chapter Three

The High Circle was insane, Lysander Allard thought. He stood at the edge of the chamber, next to one of the windows. The High Circle's chamber fittingly resided in the topmost room of the tower, allowing its members to gaze upon the entire realm even from their throne-like seats.

He had one of those precious seats, the right to which he had won with cunning not typical for his race.

In a soft drawling voice that betrayed none of his incredulity and impatience, Lysander said, "This girl - Misty Wall - is married to a Lyccan. How do we know she is not merely a pawn of their race and would indeed fight for our rights?" He didn't want a quarrel with Milo as he deeply respected the older man. But what Milo was suggesting just didn't make sense, and damn if he was just going to stop by and let a mortal girl hold the fate of their race in her hands.

Thankfully, Milo didn't appear offended at all by his question. But then, Lysander knew that the other man was also one of the few who saw past his many deliberate affectations and understood that the safety of their race was of the utmost importance to him.

"I understand your concern, Lysander, but I assure you that there is nothing for you to fear. This was not revealed to the High Circle, but one of the terms set in our earlier pact with the Lyccans was for Misty to cut ties with the Moretti heir apparent."

Shock reverberated through the High Circle.

"At the request of Misty herself."

This time, they were not just shocked. They were aghast. Even Lysander didn't believe he had heard Milo correctly. What woman in her right mind would willingly shun marriage to Domenico Moretti? The man was not just any Lyccan royal. If the rumors and the legends were to be believed, Moretti was supposedly destined to unite all Lyccan packs under one rule.

"And why would she choose to follow us?" Lysander didn't see which of the High Circle had asked the question, but he was interested to hear the answer to it as well. She must have an ulterior motive.

Milo answered shortly, "Heartbreak."

More gasps and mutters filled the chamber.

"Moretti himself would be the first to admit that she had been of great help to him in uniting warring packs. She can do something similar for our race. Most of us have spent our entire lives within this realm. Even though a long time has passed since the Great War, we all still bear its scars."

Aware of the gazes that strayed to him, Lysander maintained an impassive face at the mention of the event that decimated his entire family. Once there had been hundreds of Allards---a family known for its proud and noble ancestry. Their courage was a legend among their kind, but it was that courage that also pushed to be the frontline of defense for the Faeries. It meant that they had been the first to die, too.

He had been the youngest in the family when the war started, and when it ended he was the only one left. If not for the High Circle taking Lysander in, the grief would have driven him insane.

Milo continued, "We distrust humans and I know there are some who still harbor great bitterness for the lack of help we received in the past war. If we send one of our own, the past may color his or her judgment and prevent the Alliance from being fulfilled."

Milo looked at each member of the High Circle one by one, demanding all of their attention. "All the races need this Alliance to survive. We know so little of our enemies, but it is clear to us all that something - someone - powerful is leading them, one that's utterly evil. Our true enemy wears the face of a vampire, but we all know it can't be."

Lysander knew Milo was speaking the truth. Vampires were ruled by their thirst for blood, and only something more powerful could prevent them from succumbing to their base and greedy desires. Something more powerful and more evil, and Lysander knew it was the latter that troubled them all.

What kind of creature could be more evil than vampires?

Whatever it was, Lysander understood that the Alliance would indeed be necessary to defeat it. Even so, he was still skeptical of the mortal's ability to represent them in such an important occasion. "She needs to have someone to guide her about the rules of our world---" He stopped speaking at the smile that Milo gave him.

He always had the deepest respect for Milo although many of the older High Circle members despised the other man for his homosexuality. Lysander didn't give a f**k about it. Milo had more than proven his worth in the battlefield, his courage unequalled, and that was all that mattered to him.

In a voice that rivaled Lysander's with its smoothness, which instantly put him on guard, Milo said, "I have already considered that, Lysander, which is why I think you - as the one closest of age to Misty - would get along best with her and together the two of you will make the best pair for representing our race."

~~~

Misty jerked in her seat with a gasp, causing Daryl, seated next to her, to gasp as well. The sounds echoed throughout the cavernous hallway, where they had been waiting for the High Circle's summons for over half an hour.

"What is it?" Daryl demanded, jumping to his feet, his eyes darting nervously around. Nowadays, most of the Faeries were jittery as their race's impending formal alliance with Lyccans and Caros had become public knowledge.

She slowly shook her head, unable to pinpoint exactly what had made her cry out as if someone had stabbed her. One minute she was all right, and then the next moment she wasn't, as if half of her soul had been torn away.

Domenico. It had to be him. Did it mean he had read her letter? Tears stung her eyes at the thought.

"Misty?"

She lied, "Somebody walked over my grave or something."

Daryl returned to his seat. "Oh." A hesitant expression crossed his face as he turned to her. "Maybe...it's done?"

"What's done?" She frowned when she saw how Daryl looked like he suddenly wanted to take his words back. "I don't understand---"

"The cutting of ties, Misty," Daryl said softly. "Maybe it's done."

Her senses started to fade into numbness as the full import of Daryl's words sunk in.

Just then, the huge twenty-foot doors in front of them finally opened, pushed by a pair of uniformed guards. Magenta, the only member of the High Circle whom Misty knew personally aside from Milo, came out with a kind smile on her wrinkly old face.

"It has been approved," she told them with a beam.

"Thank the stars," Daryl exclaimed as he exchanged air kisses with Magenta.

"Thank you for supporting my plea," Misty said fervently, stepping forward to hug the older woman after. Although Daryl's partner, Milo, was one of the most powerful Faeries in the realm, he was also one of the youngest and more controversial members of the High Circle. His vote alone would not have swayed the elders to approving the alliance without Magenta's help.

"It is for the good of our race as well, Misty," Magenta answered. "However, the High Circle thinks it is best that our race is also co-represented by one of our own. I hope that is fine with you."

She nodded quickly. "Of course."

Magenta ushered them inside, saying, "From here on, you will be accompanied by one of our younger members."

"Milo?" Daryl asked immediately.

The older woman waved one bejeweled hand in negation, the long silk bell-shaped sleeve of her amethyst-colored robes falling to her elbow. Like all members of the High Circle, Magenta was dressed in the traditional attire of Faeries, which - to Misty's inexperienced eyes - appeared like a fusion of medieval and carnival, because of its Old World style and extremely shiny colors.

"Misty's partner will be Lysander Allard," Magenta answered with a pointed look.

She followed the other woman's gaze, and her jaw immediately dropped at the sight of the boyish-looking...giant standing next to one of the marble pillars in the hall, speaking with another member of the High Circle.

She had heard of him of course. It was impossible not to when all the faeries looked up to him as some sort of living legend. But he was also infamous for his reclusive ways, which was why it was only Misty's first time to see the man who was said to have killed a hundred vampires when he was still a boy.

He was tall - even taller than Domenico, perhaps by an inch or two. His hair was an interesting shade of black, one that gleamed violet under the light. His skin was pale, his body lean and obviously hard as his form-fitting white formal jacket and breeches proved. The most eye-catching part of his attire was the lace cuffs that peeked past the sleeves of his jacket, something Misty had only seen Tom Cruise wearing when he played the old-fashioned vampire Lestat in Anne Rice's Interview with the Vampire.

Lysander turned partially towards them, allowing Misty a glimpse of his face just before he bid the other man goodbye with a deep bow.

Dark, perfectly sculpted brows, eyes the palest shade of lilac, cheekbones carved like a marble statue, and thin, equally perfectly shaped lips. That face was too beautiful for words.

"Be blessed," the older man said before walking away.

She watched Lysander pull a lace fan out of nowhere. Every move he made was an execution of elegance, from the twist of his wrist to the snap of his ornately designed fan as it spread open with a flick of his long, thin fingers.

"He's g*y, right?" Misty blurted out.

Daryl smirked. "Oh, yes." His answer dripped with sarcasm, but Misty wasn't to know that, not until much, much later, when it was too late.

Misty's words floated to Lysander's ears, but he made not even the slightest indication that he heard the mortal speak. Only when he turned his back to them did Lysander allow a smile half playful and half dangerous to touch his lips. It completely transformed his face, revealing the rogue under the princely guise, the man who f**ked so beautifully he made every Faerie woman cry tears of regret the moment he withdrew his c**k from between a woman's thighs.

He closed his eyes, savoring the innocent interest in the human's eyes. There was nothing so delicious as taking a woman's innocence. Virginity was just one of its many forms. There were so many others, and the woman gazing at him with curious wonder had it in spades. Her aura defined purity itself, and it aroused Lysander like he had never been aroused before.

Misty Wall.

He would have so much fun with her.

~~~

Ten minutes later, and Misty was smiling sheepishly as Lysander Allard clucked his tongue while gazing at her chipped nails.

"I can't keep them long since I have sword practice daily," she explained. Her voice sounded a little breathless, and it made Misty cringe. Gay, g*y, g*y, she reminded herself. With Lysander standing too close to her, his head bent down as he took her other hand and gently touched her nails, it was impossible not to be a little overwhelmed by his looks.

She tried distracting herself with her surroundings. The chamber Magenta had led her and Lysander into was as wondrous and vast as everything was in this realm. The ceiling and walls were of marble, its azure shade making Misty feel she was inside a rich fish's version of an aquarium.

Misty cleared her throat. "Do you, umm, have any questions about the Alliance?"

"Hmmm..." He nodded, an absent-minded air about him. His gaze suddenly lifted to hers, the unique lilac shade of his eyes making her blink in surprise. There was also a gleam in them that she couldn't quite understand, causing Misty to feel skittish.

She was nervous. Good. It would make her more likely to tell the truth. Did this human truly understand how important the Alliance was to non-human races? To test her, he murmured, "I would like to know more about certain matters of defense." Lysander was stunned when she nodded back at him.

"You're wondering what kind of aid the other races would provide to help defend your realm, right?" Misty started to fidget when it took Lysander a long time to answer.

Lysander slowly dropped Misty's hand before taking a step back. This time, he took a really good look at her.

Her hair was dark and straight, somewhat old-fashioned with its style and length, reaching almost her waist now. Her gray eyes were made bigger by her long fine lashes, and her heart-shaped face, with its tiny nose and rosy red lips, was wondrously feminine. When he took it all in, with her peasant-styled blouse and skirt, there was just one fairytale character that came to mind:

Snow White.

A naive princess lured into the forest by the huntsman - and he was that huntsman, but the difference was that he wanted her body and not her heart. He had thought she would be another easy conquest, another woman to seduce from her so-called "love" for another man.

Milo was an honest man, or so Lysander had thought until now. His mouth twisted cynically as he gazed at Misty. A cynical twist to his mouth, he finally realized that Milo had been teaching him a lesson. Milo had known he was one of those who strongly doubted Misty Wall's abilities, and now he was hearing for himself how much he had greatly underestimated the girl before him.

"I've read as much as I can about your race's history and this realm that you created," Misty was saying earnestly. "I know I still have much to learn, but even this early I know there are issues that have to be addressed."

He lifted one brow at her. "Like what?"

"I know the Realm is shielded. No one uninvited can come in, which takes care of vampires. But what if - for some unknown reason - they do manage to come in? What then? How will Faeries defend themselves? And what about the Faeries who do leave the Realm once in a while? Can they protect themselves?"

Misty peeked at Lysander's expression, fearful that he'd be insulted by her questions. But he looked somewhat astonished instead.

"Those are extremely good points, my pretty," he conceded.

Her lips formed a spontaneous grin. "You make me sound like Gollum's precious ring."

In spite of himself, Lysander chuckled. "And you are the first one who does not appear enamored with the endearment."

The sound of his dark chuckle sent mental warning bells ringing in her ears again. Was he really g*y?

Lysander snapped his lace fan open then, and the sight and sound of it immediately put her at ease.

One look at her expressive face and Lysander knew he had Misty Wall completely fooled. Ah, my pretty, you will be na**d and groaning in my bed very, very soon.

Misty tried imagining Domenico Moretti using the same lace fan. Her lips twitched even as the thought pinched her heart. Just thinking of him was bittersweet, and so incredibly dangerous to her sanity that she quickly pushed the thought away.

"If I were to ask you to rate the abilities of my people to fight against our common enemy, how would they fare?"

She couldn't answer right away, not when the truth wasn't something they both wanted to hear.

A faint wince went over his frame. "That bad?"

"Milo has intensified their training," Misty answered with usual optimism. "I'm sure in no time everyone will get better."

"Have you gotten better?"

Misty answered slowly, "I have to say 'yes'. But it's only because my younger brother was one of their victims. I want to be strong enough to defend not just myself but the people I care about if ever we're in danger."

So different, he mused silently. Faerie women were raised to be dependent on their men. Could her novelty be enough reason to explain this increasing fascination Lysander felt for her?

Seeing that she was gazing at something else, he let his eyes trail all over her body once more, noting the generous swell of her br**sts above the modest neckline of her blouse. Ah, what he would do with those br**sts when it was his to play!

A groan escaped him, for his imagination had already gone wild at imagining Misty underneath him.

The groan made Misty turn back at Lysander. "Is something wrong?"

Fuck! Lysander abruptly turned away, doing his best to suppress his cock's burgeoning erection. Knowing that standing still would only alert Misty more quickly to his current condition, he said lightly, "I think it is best I see for myself how our defenses are doing."

They walked together to the courtyard, the silence curiously strained between them. Had she done something wrong?

She asked timidly, "Is it that time of the month?"

He lifted a brow, bemused.

Misty cleared her throat. "Umm, you know...PMS, g*y version? Daryl has it every month like a girl."

Lysander prided himself to be a man of sophistication, one whose refinement was beyond his years. But at the words of the human before him, it took every bit of his so-called worldliness not to choke. "Aaah, no. I was merely thinking about something...personal...a problem that I must unfortunately solve on my own."

"Are you sure I can't help you with it?"

No, Lysander thought. Not when how I can get you in my bed as soon as f**king possible was the problem. He shook his head. "It's okay, my pretty. I thank you for the concern."

Seeing the frown on Lysander's face and never the type to do nothing when someone appeared troubled, Misty ventured hesitantly, "Do you want to hear a joke?"

Again, he did his best not to choke. Could this truly be the woman the Moretti heir was allegedly so obsessed about that he had let her ruin him?

Seeing Misty's hopeful expression, he said without thinking, "I would be honored to." It was a lie, though. He despised jokes, considered them the worst form of art.

She brightened. "You won't regret it. I have really good jokes." Domenico used to---Misty had a sudden urge to cry. She was trying so very hard to focus on anything but him, but none of it---not even the pressing matters of the Faeries could stop herself from thinking about him.

"The joke?" Lysander asked gently, seeing Misty's clouded expression and correctly interpreting it.

She cleared her throat. "So there are these two guys, Jim and Jack..." Misty paused, almost hearing Daryl groaning in her mind. In the time they had spent together, he had become exasperated with her endless supply of Jim-and-Jack jokes, but every time she had a new one, he would always want to be the first to hear it.

"Go on."

Clearing her throat, Misty resumed with her joke. "Well, the two men were walking down a street when they stopped dead on their tracks. They saw something ahead of them, some kind of weird-looking brown-colored puddle."

He frowned. "Mud?"

Misty shook her head, her lips already twitching as she anticipated her punchline. "I'll get there, I promise," she told him with a cheerful smile, her eyes twinkling with merriment.

His heart thudded at the sight of those twinkling eyes, a reaction so unnatural and unfamiliar, Lysander stiffened in shock. Just lust, he told himself. She was, after all, not like any other Faerie woman he had f**ked. It was to be expected that he would feel more attracted to her than usual.

She cleared her throat again.

Jim shakes his head when he looks at the brown stuff on the ground. He says, "That's freaking gross, man. Dog poop."

Jack scratches his head. "No, dude. That's, like, molten chocolate. Yesterday was Valentine's remember? Maybe some chick dropped a slice."

"Idiot. It's poop."

Jack snorted. "You need glasses, dude. That's clearly chocolate."

Jim crouched down in one knee. "Let me prove to you it's dog poop." He stuck one finger into the puddle----

Lysander winced, realizing where the joke was heading. "Misty---" He paused, half-exasperated and half-amused when he realized Misty was already giggling.

"This is good, really, just let me finish it," Misty insisted even as she tried to stop herself from giggling. She resumed with her joke.

Jim brought the stuff into his mouth for a taste. "Blech! I told you it's poop! Check it out if you don't believe me."

She pretended to do what Jack did, bringing one finger to her mouth.

Even though Lysander's body was rocking with silent mirth, he had an immediate erection with how unconsciously seductive Misty's pose was.

Jack crouched down as well and dipped his finger into the puddle. He grimaced after tasting. "You're right. It is poop."

Misty made a disgusted face as she pretended to be Jack. Lysander struggled to keep his laughter in control.

They stood up, Jim shaking his head in relief. "Good thing we didn't step on it, right?"

The punchline took him completely by surprise and Lysander laughed, a sound that was completely genuine and extremely...male.

Misty blinked at the sound. This time, she blurted out, "Are you really g*y?"

Lysander let his laughter die naturally even though he was tense inside, knowing he had to tread carefully or all his plans would go to hell with just one wrong word. He snapped his fan open again and adjusted his lace cuffs.

When he finally met Misty's gaze, Lysander knew what he had to say. "I'm sorry if my homosexuality offends---"

She gasped in dismay. "Oh, no, no." She shook her head vehemently while mentally berating herself for even asking a question. "I'm sorry if I made you think like that. I totally have nothing against your homosexuality. I mean, Daryl and Milo and I get along with each other very well."

Realizing she was babbling, Misty sent Lysander an entreating glance.

He took pity on her. "It's all right, Misty. As long as you are truly fine with who I am?"

In answer, she tiptoed and placed a shy kiss on his cheek.

He froze at the touch of her lips, the heat uncurling in his body at that innocent gesture stunning him. And when she smiled up at him, the innocence in her eyes challenged his very ability to think straight. This woman was...dangerously addictive.

Fuck.

Lysander had a feeling that he had just bitten off more than he could f**king chew.

Chapter Four

"So...this is it." Misty's arm was beginning to ache at the lace parasol she was holding high to accommodate Lysander's height. He had very gently told her that if she wanted to make amends, she would have to help shield his delicate skin from being burnt by the heat the realm's shield generated.

Gay men, Misty thought with a sigh. They were so high-maintenance! How he had supposedly slain a hundred vampires as a child was completely beyond her. What did he do? Fan them to death?

The courtyard was filled with the growing number of Faeries who had signed up to be soldiers of their race. The growth rate was impressive but Misty knew that compared to the number of warriors Lyccans had - and the number of merciless vampire assassins they had to face - the number before her was still pathetically scarce.

Swords fell more times than they clashed, wielded by arms clearly unused to fighting. Laughter rather than shouts filled the courtyard for the Faeries had lived in an age of peace for so long they had forgotten the horrors of war.

Lysander's lips tightened at the sight.

The swords that Faeries yielded were made of metal found only in their realm, forged in the blood that their ancestors had sacrificed. No bullets, not even those made of silver, could cut through the sword. But was it truly enough to defend their race?

Lysander only owed loyalty to two things: himself and his race. He would sacrifice his life if that would save his kind from extinction, but Lysander knew such a sacrifice would be for naught.

A f**king bubble, Lysander thought, bitter at how helpless he felt at the sight of his race's vulnerabilities. They were living in a glass bubble, so weak against the threat of another war that they had to depend on a human to protect them.

"Would you consider training with us?" Misty asked. The thought of Lysander being under attack had suddenly occurred to her, and she immediately feared for the beautiful g*y man next to her. What if he was surrounded by vampires? What could Lysander do? Strangle them with his lace cuffs this time?

Lysander feigned a look of horror. "I am a member of the High Circle, my pretty." He showed her his hands. "Hold it."

She gasped when she did. "Baby soft!" She shook her head in amazement. "Even Daryl's aren't that soft."

"I know," he said complacently. It was all part of his disguise.

"But...Lysander...you have to learn how to defend yourself, even just a bit. I know right now it doesn't seem that vampires can attack you here, but you just never know..."

He adjusted his cuffs again. "If there's someone handsome enough, perhaps."

Misty suppressed a sigh. She wanted to bring up his past, to remind him of how horrible vampires could be, but she also knew now wasn't the right time to do so. As they looked back at the Faeries in training, she said slowly, "I requested for a Lyccan and Caro trainer to visit us."

Lysander's head turned sharply towards her. This was the first time he had heard of her request, and he was immediately suspicious. "Why is that?"

"I talked about it with Milo and he agreed." She gave him an apologetic glance. "I didn't get to ask you because I didn't know you'd be my co-Ambassador then. Lyccans have been warriors all their lives and Caros have been fighting vampires from the very start. I think we can learn a lot from them."

The 'we' made Lysander feel extremely good, but he didn't want to think why it was so.

A commotion at the end of the courtyard drew his attention. A crowd was gathering, the noise increasing in volume.

"Maybe the trainers had come?" Misty hazarded a guess.

"Perhaps. Let us find out." He offered his hand, and she took it after a moment of hesitation.

They walked hand in hand, Misty forcing herself to relax. He was g*y, g*y, g*y. How many times did she have to remind herself of that?

"I see Magenta," Lysander, who easily towered over other Faeries, said as they neared the foot of the crowd.

"An important visitor must have come then," Misty decided. "Magenta doesn't..." The crowd parted slowly, and her voice trailed off, shock rendering her speechless when she saw who that important visitor was.

Domenico.

Her body tingled at the sight of him, her throat convulsing at the way he kept his eyes on her while he kept a sedate pace next to Magenta. The aura of command around Domenico was even more tangible now, one that made Misty tremble. And his clothes! She had never seen him dressed this way, geared for battle, his soldier uniform bearing the colors of the Lyccan Council. It gave her pause. Shouldn't he be wearing black and silver, which were the colors of the Moretti pack?

The way his tight-fitted uniform showed off the sleek, hard cuts of his muscles only served to emphasize how different he was from all the men in this realm - or anyone else in the world, any man from any race.

Domenico Moretti was lethal.

He was a prince who had never depended on his guards to kill, choosing instead to taint his own bare hands with the blood of his enemies.

Misty heard the quickened breaths of women around her, and she knew they were just as affected as she was at the sight of him, the proof of how lethal he was in other ways. He was so sinfully handsome, a part of her still could not believe that she had once been...not his mate but a woman who had stayed at his side.

When he was finally near enough to hold a conversation with, Misty knew she couldn't delay any longer and reluctantly raised her eyes.

His beautiful dark face was devoid of expression, but oh his eyes! They glittered with emotion, letting her know without a word of how he wanted to devour her. There was something else, too, but it was a feeling Misty did not want to acknowledge.

Domenico sucked his breath in when their gazes met.

Misty.

It was all he could do not to haul his princess to him, to let her know how much he f**king loved her, worshipped the very ground she walked on.

"Breathe, my pretty," Lysander whispered to her.

She gasped, not realizing she had been holding her breath all this time. She saw Domenico stiffen, his gaze immediately swinging towards Lysander.

Domenico's fists clenched. Who the f**k was the young man next to her, daring to stand too close to his woman? And had he heard the man right? Had this whelp actually called Misty his pretty?

"It's good you two are here," Magenta said calmly, her tone setting a clear precedent of how she wanted everyone to act. "Your Highness, Misty and Lysander here will be co-representing our race in the Alliance."

Magenta gestured to Domenico next. "Misty, Lysander, the Lyccans have been kind enough to send Prince Domenico of the Moretti pack to help in training our soldiers."

Lysander. His gaze narrowed at the younger man, taking in his odd choice of clothing, which was drowning in lace. Was the man g*y? He goddamn hoped so or the man would be feeling Domenico's fist next.

"But..." Misty was in a daze at Magenta's words, her heart beating mad at the thought of Domenico staying here at the realm...where she was, too. "That's not...that can't be possible! He's the heir apparent of the Moretti Pack. There's a conflict of interest---"

"There is none now." Domenico's soft voice cut through her words.

Just the sound of his voice was enough to have her entire body shaking, repelled and attracted to the sound at the same time, turning Misty into a mass of heartbroken confusion. This morning should have ended everything between them yet here he was again, threatening the new life she had so worked so hard to build.

"What are you saying?" Misty had to force the words out.

"As of yesterday, the mantle of future leadership of the pack has been passed on to the heir next in line, my younger brother Alessandro Moretti."

Chapter Five

Domenico was indifferent to the massive wave of shock that hit the crowd with his announcement. He of course immediately noticed that the younger man called Lysander did not appear surprised at all. It could mean several things, and his agile mind processed every possible meaning behind it. When he looked back at Lysander, Domenico was looking at the other man with a narrowed gaze.

Misty might hate the fact that he was manipulative as hell, and though he would do his best to change that where she was concerned, Domenico knew he would not stop doing so if it meant keeping the people he loved safe. Especially if the danger had to do with the one who held his heart in her hands.

Domenico's words, delivered so matter-of-factly, knocked her for three, and Misty stumbled back, unable to believe Domenico would relinquish leadership for any reason. He was not a man greedy for power, but for most of his life he had lived to exercise his birthright. It was the most important thing to him---even their marriage had not been his top priority, she remembered painfully.

Domenico was still gazing at her with an inscrutable expression on his gorgeous face. It was scary, the way she just couldn't read him anymore. But then - had she ever really known him like a wife should? Like a mate should?

"Why would you do that?" She had to ask the question.

Silence abruptly fell, the crowd just as keen to hear Domenico's answer. Even the Faeries, with all the years they spent outside the "real" world, were fully aware that being heir apparent to a powerful pack like the Morettis was equal to holding the reins to one of the wealthiest and strongest kingdoms in earth.

And the man who had given it all up answered simply, "Because I've come to get back what's mine."

Domenico stretched his hand, palm up, waiting, demanding for Misty to take him---to let him claim her in front of everyone.

Oh God. Misty found herself moving, her hand slowly lifting up---

In a blink of an eye, Lysander had put Misty behind him, breaking the spell between the two.

Misty's hand fell to her side, her eyes widening at the horrified realization at what she had almost done. Lysander tipped her chin up, a steady reassuring gleam in his eyes. It calmed her for some reason, and as she continued gazing at Lysander, she was slowly able to breathe again.

Domenico went cold inside even as he allowed his arm to fall back. His first instinct was to strike Lysander down, but looking at Misty, seeing her shaking as she struggled to control her emotions, forced him to keep still. And yet...it was torture to see Misty looking at another man with those wide gray eyes.

Look at me, he wanted to shout. He wanted to demand and beg her at the same time. Didn't she know how she was f**king killing him with the way her gaze clung to another man?

"Okay, my pretty?" Only long years of practice allowed Lysander to keep his voice smooth and light. Something powerful and deep had shifted inside him at the look of need in Misty's eyes. It was all he could do not to drop his long-standing disguise and haul her to his arms and tell her that he was going to take care of her.

Slowly Misty nodded, a grateful smile breaking over her lips. She squeezed his arm, as if thanking her again, and that simple touch inflamed him. He dared not move after, knowing if he did it would be possible that Domenico's heightened Lyccan senses would pick up on his arousal.

Misty turned to Domenico, and he followed suit. Lysander snapped his fan open once more, the sound drawing more than one pair of gaze towards him.

He was impressed at how not even a flicker of expression crossed Domenico's face to reveal what he thought of Lysander. But Lysander knew the other man was on his guard now, more so than before. This man before him was not to be underestimated at all costs, might even be as cunning as he was.

Domenico didn't allow himself another glance at Misty. If he did - hell would break loose. He didn't look at the younger man either since the same outcome could also ensure. Domenico couldn't yet read Lysander Allard clearly, but one thing was for sure - for whatever reason, he wanted to take Misty away from Domenico. Worse, this Lysander-what-the-fuck had not made the same mistakes Domenico had done. Misty did not trust Domenico, but she might trust this man.

As Lysander slowly fanned himself, Domenico locked gazes with him once more. He smiled at the older man for the sole purpose of confusing the Moretti prince.

Oh, this will be so much fun.

~~~

Domenico followed the girl Magenta had assigned to walk him to his chamber in brooding silence. Never had he thought he would have a rival for Misty's heart. His chest tightened at the thought. Was it why she had been able to cut ties with him?

Domenico knew with every fiber of his being that Misty still wanted him as desperately as he wanted her, but want did not equate with love or even need. Even so, he was not going to give up without a goddamn fight.

The girl in front of him, Ivory, stopped next to a two-door suite at the end of the hallway. "Here we are." She was dark-haired and doe-eyed. This early he could see she was infatuated with him. Once, Domenico would have no qualms using her infatuation to his advantage, to send her to spy on Misty.

But he was different now. Misty had changed him, weakening him in some aspects but greatly strengthening him in others. Unfortunately, it also blinded him, his normally vigilant ability to sense ulterior motives in other people not as accurate as before. Misty's kindness had melted the cynicism he had once worn as a cloak. It made him more approachable---and more vulnerable, too.

And the girl before him, appearing like a shy little thing, knew it. The great Domenico Moretti was not so great anymore. He was ripe for the taking, and she definitely wanted him. For years, she had hungered for his touch from afar, envious of all the stories about how he was this magnificent stallion in bed, rutting nonstop until a woman had to beg off with the orgasms he could give her.

Domenico was completely unaware of the violent, lust-filled thoughts of the girl. He gave her a brief smile of thanks, gesturing for her to precede him. He saw Ivory's eyes widen, obviously surprised at the honor. She hurried inside.

"Mistress Magenta chose this chamber as it is closest to the courtyard, where our soldiers train. Across this is the Main Hall, where those belonging to the High Circle reside."

"And Misty?"

"She lives next to Sir Milo. I can accompany you..." Her face fell when he shook his head.

"I do not want to inconvenience you further. But if you would give me directions instead?"

"Of course, Your Highness."

He listened carefully and nodded his thanks afterwards.

"Would it be all right if I come back in an hour to take you to the dining hall, Your Highness? A ball is being held in your honor."

He was badly tempted to refuse the honor. The last ball he had attended had ruined his life. "It would be my pleasure," he finally said, uttering the lie with ease. Domenico paused, a thought occurring to him when he remembered the old-fashioned attire that the man next to Misty had been wearing.

He asked uneasily, "How do you dress for a ball in your realm, Ivory? Shall I have to request for clothing similar to Lysander's?"

She surprised him by giggling. "Oh, no, that is unnecessary. Most of the elder members of the High Circle dress like that, but Sir Lysander is the only one from the younger set who takes after tradition. His family line is one of the oldest in our race." Her smile faded. "He is also the last one of the Allards."

Domenico understood the rest of what she hadn't said. No non-human was unaware of the Great War that had nearly sent the Faeries to extinction. "I am sorry to hear that."

Ivory bowed her head. "Sir Lysander is a hero among our kind despite his age, Your Highness. As he has no kin left, he has devoted all his life to serving the High Circle."

A f**king paragon, Domenico thought. He had a f**king paragon as his rival. This just kept getting better and better.

Ivory curtsied, drawing his attention back to her. "In an hour then, Your Highness?"

"Yes, thank you." He turned his back on the girl, his mind already focusing on Misty and the unknown man standing in his way. As he did, he completely missed the malicious gleam in the girl's eyes.

It has started, Master, Ivory whispered the words in her mind.

A smooth, ageless voice answered. And so it has. You may proceed as planned.

~~~

"Your prince is a truly beautiful man," Lysander murmured in aside as they watched Domenico stride into the dining hall, dressed completely in black. Even the couples on the dance floor stopped to stare at him as he walked past. His commanding and innately sexual presence, combined with the power he kept on a careful leash, had almost every woman in the room swallowing at the way desire licked their skins at the mere sight of him.

Misty swallowed herself even though she hadn't yet raised her gaze again to see where Domenico was. It was just impossible to be indifferent to Domenico when he went all out like this. Usually, Domenico kept his Lyccan side under wraps, preferring to use his billionaire persona to intimidate people. But tonight it was as if he wanted to be stared at, and Misty felt like he was challenging her - daring her not to look at him.

I'm not going to look, she told herself. She had already realized the seats across them were reserved for the two. She would look at them then but not now, not when she still had a choice to pretend Domenico wasn't back to wreck her life all over again.

"Your prince is approaching."

"He's not my prince," Misty mumbled, busying herself by stuffing her mouth with salad.

"What do you like most about him?" Lysander sounded only mildly curious.

She turned to him with a frown, but before she could answer Lysander asked, "His c**k perhaps?"

Lysander never had a chance after that.

It was like the most embarrassing sense of deja vu to feel herself choking in surprise at what Lysander had said before spewing the half-chewed Romaine lettuce and mango strips on his dress shirt, which was yet another fascinating silky creation that only he could pull off.

"Shick. Shick. I'm so sorry!" Even as she wished she could die on the spot, Misty was already dusting away with her napkin the mess she had created.

Lysander was still in a relative state of shock. He had never had someone practically throw up on him. And the fact that Misty was not even drunk - he didn't know if he wanted to wince or laugh.

"I suppose this is how you made your prince fall in love?" He gingerly brushed away one last nibbled strip of cucumber away from his shirt.

Misty couldn't help snickering at that, but the sound of amusement died when a hurtfully familiar voice called her name.

"Misty." Domenico was devastating in his all-black attire, and intense heat in his gaze as he looked at her made Misty want to swallow again.

But then she noticed he was not alone, and her heart cracked at the sight of the younger woman with her arm curled around Domenico's. The girl was beautiful. She curtsied so deeply Misty knew every man's gaze would be drawn to her decolletage.

Domenico was about to speak, but someone approached him then, taking his attention away, leaving Misty and Lysander to gaze at Ivory.

"My lady," Ivory said, curtsying again.

Misty tried to keep herself from pulling the younger girl back up so that men wouldn't be seeing 99% of her chest. She bit her lip, tempted to scold her because the younger girl reminded her somewhat of Kelly.

"My name is Ivory---"

This time Misty had the silliest urge to...cry. Ivory. Even the girl's name was so very feminine! How could something misty - something practically invisible - compare to ivory? The world was so not fair!

A snide voice told her that she wasn't supposed to care since she and Domenico were no longer together, but Misty stubbornly ignored it.

"---and I was assigned by the Lady Magenta to be of assistance to Prince Domenico." Ivory twisted her head around to look at Domenico with shining eyes. She looked back at them with a sigh and curtsied for the third time.

Misty's jaw dropped. Oh, for the love of---

"Lord Lysander," Ivory murmured in a respectful tone.

Lysander acknowledged the greeting with a nod, momentarily surprising Misty with his coldness. He was usually a lot friendlier than that.

"Ivory. It is a pleasure." He returned his attention to Misty right after, idly playing with the tips of her silky soft hair as he said, "You probably do not know this, but Ivory is also a part of the High Circle. She may not look like it, but she is actually two years older than you are and four to mine."

Misty missed the way Ivory's gaze turned cold, her lips tightening at the mention of her age.

When Misty saw that Lysander didn't appear as if he was joking, she turned to Ivory again, exclaiming, "You don't look a day over eighteen."

"You flatter me, Your High---" Ivory gasped, covering her mouth. "Oh, but I apologize. I have forgotten that the two of you have already cut ties." She curtsied in apology.

It was so very wrong, but Misty wanted Ivory to trip this time.

Lysander debated with himself whether or not to tell Misty about his suspicions of the Faerie woman accompanying Domenico to dinner. His spies had taken note of her unusually frequent departures from the realm, disappearing for hours without any explanation. Post-war Faeries were leery of the real world, having lived within the safety of the realm throughout their lives. That Ivory would actually leave their realm often and alone at that immediately made her suspect in his eyes.

Misty's fingers curled into a painful ball under the table at the thought of Domenico spending a lot of time in the girl's company. She really was beautiful, not sensual like Lyccan women but more...well, fairy-like, a beautiful damsel who was not in distress.

Deciding to keep his thoughts to himself for now, Lysander threaded his fingers through Misty's hair, this time making her glance at him in surprise.

"It's so smooth, my pretty. What shampoo are you using?"

He looked so serious as he asked the question Misty couldn't help giggling, and it was the exact reaction Lysander had hoped for.

It was also the exact moment Domenico came back to Ivory's side. The sound of Misty's giggle was the sweetest poison, and the sight of another man's fingers threading through her hair was a knife in his heart.

He pulled out a seat for his companion, took a seat himself, and looked at the other man with a polite smile. And he said very pleasantly, "I will give you three f**king seconds to stop touching her hair before I challenge you to a fight, alliance or no alliance."

Lysander didn't move, didn't even blink, but then he didn't have to. Misty jerked away so fast from Lysander she almost knocked the person on her other side off her seat. "Sorry," she mumbled, red-faced as she helped the older woman back to her chair.

The older woman smiled stiffly.

"It was my fault, I apologize," Domenico said smoothly, giving the other woman his most charming smile. He was able to breathe easily now even though he knew he would never forget seeing another man touch Misty in the same manner he did.

Across him, the woman's entire face had lit up at having his attention for so long. "Can I say I'm absolutely thrilled to be seated in the same table with you, Your Highness?"

"I believe I should be the one honored, Lady Carlton, as I know you are one of the greatest historians of our races."

Misty didn't even know that, but then this was Domenico. His knowledge was limitless, but he also rarely shared anything he knew if it didn't suit him.

When Domenico continued smiling at the woman next to Misty, a dazed expression entered Lady Carlton's eyes, as if unable to handle being looked at by Domenico for so long. The so-called great historian then mumbled something incoherent and looked away, still appearing bemused - so much so that she absently tried to take a sip of her soup with her fork.

Misty resolutely kept her gaze away the moment the other woman let out a gasp of embarrassment, having realized her mistake. Doing so caused her to accidentally meet Domenico's gaze. There was a twinkle in his lovely green eyes that made him appear so irresistibly boyish she couldn't keep her lips from twitching.

When Domenico's lips parted, she unconsciously leaned forward, an undeniable part of her longing to hear whatever he had to say---or just his voice even.

"Domenico?" Ivory's soft husky drawl saying his name stung Misty's ears the same time Lysander gently touched her arm.

The spell broke.

Fuck! Domenico felt murderous the moment he saw Misty's eyes widen in horror before quickly turning towards the younger man. He could feel the wolf inside him growling a low warning sound. Never had he been this close to losing his control, but now it was all he could do not to tear the other man's throat just for daring to look at Misty.

"Domenico?"

Willing himself back in control, he forced his attention back to Ivory. "I'm sorry. Yes?"

"Would you like me to tour you around the realm tomorrow?"

Domenico turned to Misty.

Having heard every word of the brief exchange - which for some reason sounded laden with sexual innuendo to her admittedly jealous mind - Misty tried to pretend she was completely enamored with whatever Lysander was saying. She tried to ignore the way Domenico's gaze bore through her but then she felt something.

Surely she was mistaken.

But---

Her toes curled.

No, it was impossible. He couldn't---she wouldn't---

When her ni**les actually started to poke through her dress, Misty immediately crossed her arms over her chest and turned to look at Domenico with a glare.

This time there was nothing charming about Domenico's smile. Rather it was purely wicked and sinfully sexy, and that smile said it all. He really had been undressing her with his gaze, making love with his eyes, and she had known it! Even after everything he did, Misty still had this stupid connection with him.

His gaze deliberately dipped low, focusing on the expanse of skin that her low-cut dress exposed. She had never really worn something like this with him, but tonight she had felt like she had to look her best.

She tightened her hold over her chest. Misty glared harder. Stop looking at me like that!

His smile widened, as if saying, Then don't wear something like that.

"Is there something you want?" she finally asked, knowing that she would never win a staring war with Domenico. He would just have her end up blushing and aroused.

"I'm wondering if you could take me around the realm tomorrow---"

"I'm busy---"

"---as I have questions about pertaining to its defense," Domenico ended silkily.

Misty swallowed the rest of her protest. Whether Domenico was lying or not didn't matter. Anything about the Alliance mattered too much. About to answer, she paused - and took the time to consider what she was about to say or do. This time, she tried to think like Domenico.

Finally, she said, "I think that's a great idea." Misty faced Lysander with a smile. "As Co-Ambassador, I think you should come, too."

"I would love to, my pretty."

She turned to Ivory. "I'm sure you have other more important matters to attend to, but if you---"

Ivory flashed Misty a lovely smile. "I would be honored to be of help." She glanced at Domenico under her lashes afterwards, as if saying without words the other kind of help she would be willing to give.

Misty's fingers curled back into a fist when Domenico returned the smile with one of his own. "We would be glad of your company."

"Anything for the prince," Ivory murmured, blushing.

She stood up, unable to bear hearing another sickening word. They were flirting - flirting in front of her! "I---"

But Domenico had suddenly come to his feet as well. "A dance, Misty? For old time's sake?" Before Misty could answer, Domenico was already at her side, pulling her away and leading her to the dance floor.

Feeling all eyes on her, Misty knew struggling away from Domenico would cause a scandal. "I don't want to dance with you," she hissed under her breath.

"Too bad," he answered readily, pulling her tightly against his hard body, causing her to gasp silently because of his heat - and the unmistakable evidence of his arousal. As they started to twirl around the dance floor, Domenico easily taking the lead, he murmured against her cheek, "Do you like him?"

She didn't bother pretending not knowing who he was talking about since that had never been her style. "No."

He was quiet for a long time, making Misty oddly restless. She almost jumped when he turned to face her, his lips grazing her cheeks. "You could have lied."

"I know." She remembered his letter - the words he gave her, and try as she might Misty couldn't keep tears from pricking her eyes. "But I don't want to...I'm not sure I can but if I could---"

Domenico couldn't help tensing. "What?"

"I don't want to risk hurting you," she whispered.

He lost his step.

Never ever in his life had he done something so ungraceful, something so alien to who and what he was. But right now, he couldn't even feel the need to be embarrassed of tripping on his own f**king feet in the middle of the dance floor, in front of thousands of Faeries no doubt keen to judge him at every turn.

Domenico was unable to breathe at Misty's words. After everything that had happened, how could be she so goddamn selfless and still worry about hurting him? Perhaps the right thing was to give her up. God knew he didn't deserve her - but he couldn't. He just damn couldn't.

He loved her too much.

Domenico roughly pulled her back to his arms, just to keep her close, not even bothering this time to pretend they were dancing. "Misty---even if you did have feelings for him, it wouldn't stop me. You're mine. Just like I'm---"

Those last words she couldn't bear to hear, and she pulled away, tears making her gray eyes shine like silver. That he said she was his, Misty could bear hearing. Because it was true - and she feared it always would be true. But those last words?

Misty had a feeling they would always be a lie.

"I don't understand what you want from me, Domenico, but I want you to stop it. I've given you everything so please---please stop this." And just like before, she ran away from all the prying gazes of other guests at the ball, feeling humiliated once more.

Outside, Ivory listened patiently for Misty's footfall. She had a pretty good idea that something big would happen tonight---it was impossible that nothing would happen with the way Lysander Allard seemed intent to bait the Moretti prince.

Her hunch paid off when she saw Misty walk so swiftly past her the other woman probably didn't even see her. Seizing her chance, she looked at her companion meaningfully before saying out loud, "The prince told me in no uncertain terms that he would do everything to get the human girl back."

Misty faltered in her steps.

"He wants to mate with her this time?" Ivory's lady-in-waiting asked.

"Oh no. He just wants her to win leadership of the Lyccan Council," Ivory drawled, savoring every word that dropped from her lips, knowing that it would draw blood. "Even if it means lying and fooling her again."

Chapter Six

Someone was knocking on her door---in the middle of the night. She had been unable to sleep the whole night, unable to forget Ivory's words. Once she had ignored such warnings and where had that gotten her? She had trusted in Domenico completely, and that only ended up breaking her heart.

The knock became more insistent. Fearing it was Domenico, Misty slowly went down and looked through the peephole. It was Lysander.

She quickly unlocked her door. "What's wrong?"

Everything was wrong - with her. For her. Misty looked like a wreck. Her hair was a complete mess, her eyes were swollen and red, her face blotchy. But somehow, she still managed to look like a delightful wreck in his eyes. Somehow, Misty tempted him even more this way, making Lysander want to make her cry even harder but this time because she couldn't bear the pleasure of his touch.

"Lysander?"

Fuck. Trying to get his erection in control, Lysander managed a smile for Misty. "May I come in?"

"Now?" It didn't feel right, letting another man come inside her house at this time of the night.

He snapped his lace fan open then raised a brow at her. "Were you already sleeping?"

The sight of that pretty lace fan relaxed Misty, reminding her once again that even though Lysander Allard was one of the most beautiful men in the world, he was still g*y. She stepped back with a sheepish smile. "Obviously, I wasn't and you're g*y enough to know why."

Lysander turned to close the door for her and as he did, he caught sight of something in the darkness. His eyes gleamed. So that was how the prince wanted to play the game then? Interesting...and Lysander knew just what to do to make things even more interesting.

As Misty led him to the living room, he casually pulled the blinds partially open, as if to study the moonlit surroundings outside. "This Alliance has made me remember just how hard our ancestors worked to rebuild our race after the Great War," he murmured.

"I'm really sorry about what happened to your family," she mumbled, wishing she could say more but knowing words would never be enough to take away the pain of losing one's family.

"It's all right. It was a long time ago." He swung back to face her, leaving the blinds open behind him, thus allowing the prince to see inside the house.

"Would you like some tea?" She didn't make the mistake of offering him coffee, knowing how they preferred their food and drinks naturally sweet.

"Yes, please." He took a seat on the floral cushion, taking pleasure meanwhile at the sight of Misty preparing his tea. His mind tempted him with images of Misty doing the same thing, in his house, na**d except for an apron but Lysander swiftly pushed those thoughts away. Now was not yet the time to let the prince know the truth about him. Not just yet at least.

"Sorry for making you wait," Misty said as she put the tray down on the center table. Looking at Lysander, she couldn't help but smile and forget her troubles for a while. He was dressed at the most casual she had seen him, but his "casual" look was still a lot frillier than most. It was not g*y specifically but it just had a lot of lace in it, like a real-life Ken doll.

Lysander snapped his fan closed as she began serving tea. He didn't bother hiding his surprise as he remarked, "You have star fruit?" It was an exotic fruit in the human world, and one that his race prized.

She nodded, confused. "Sir Belmont always gives me some when he comes back from his trip."

Sir Belmont, the Grinch of their race, the one who infamously swore to burn all his wealth on his deathbed rather than give it away to anyone? That Sir Belmont?

Lysander cleared his throat. "I see." Actually, he didn't but he was going to look into this as soon as he could. He had never heard of Misty having any connection with the old curmudgeon, and maybe even if he did he would not have believed it. There was really more to this human girl than met the eye, Lysander considered, looking at Misty with a narrowed gaze.

She caught him staring. "What is it?"

He lied smoothly, "Nothing. I was just wondering how to tell you I have a shoulder for you to cry on if you want to talk about..." He trailed off delicately.

She sniffed. "You're a lot more sympathetic than Daryl, I'll give you that." Her other g*y friend, upon learning what happened in the ballroom and what she had overheard Ivory saying, simply told her to talk it out with Domenico.

"Do you really think he's doing all these things just to get you back for the pack's sake alone?" Daryl had asked.

It was a question she didn't want to answer, not even to herself. If she did, Misty was afraid the alternative would be even more terrifying. It would mean that he might just be telling the truth, and she wasn't willing to risk her heart again that way.

"Misty?"

She blinked, refocusing on Lysander with an effort. "I'm sorry. I was just..." Misty stopped and took a deep breath. And then she said in one quick burst of speech, "I'm so afraid to trust him again."

The chance he had been waiting for finally arrived, and Lysander took it without a qualm. Keeping his movement slow and unthreatening, he went to the other side, taking a seat next to Misty. He clasped her hand. "I can only imagine what you're going through, Misty. I know it's confusing - especially with the kind of man Domenico Moretti is. He's perfect in every way. It's hard for any woman to think she deserves to be at his side."

Lysander was stating out loud her every fear, and she could only nod, silently grateful that he wasn't beating around the bush like the others did. Her family, her friends, all of them thought Domenico had been the fool to lose her, but a part of her felt the opposite. A part of her believed that their separation was inevitable because she never did deserve to have someone like Domenico.

Reading Misty's face like a book, Lysander continued, "Maybe you and the prince were never meant to be, but---he did not have to deceive you that way. It was not the right and honorable thing to do." He squeezed her hand so she would look into his eyes as he said quietly, "That's why I understand if you have a hard time believing him. In fact, I don't blame you at all for not believing him."

Misty bowed her head, inhaling several times just to keep the tears at bay. It was her first time to hear such words. Everyone around her had kept telling her that although Domenico had been a world-class jerk, he deserved a second chance. Maybe he did, but was it so unreasonable for her to be unwilling to risk her heart again?

This was her life, not anyone else's. If most thought she was a fool to have thrown the chance away of being a true mate to Domenico Moretti, then that was their problem.

She was a strong woman now, and she didn't want again to go back to being the weak naive fool she had been when she was married to Domenico.

When she finally controlled her tears, she looked up at Lysander with a tremulous smile. "Thank you for that," she whispered. "I feel so much better..." Her hands fluttered in the air as she sought for a word that could perfectly describe what Lysander's words meant to her.

In the end, all she said was, "Thank you." She moved close, her br**sts grazing the sleeve of his shirt as she kissed his cheek. "I'm so lucky to have known you."

And this was yet another moment he was waiting for.

Lysander carefully pulled Misty close into his embrace, inhaling the scent of her hair. "Anything for my beautiful Co-Ambassador," he murmured just before allowing himself to let go.

Outside Misty's cottage, Domenico shifted into a wolf, his claws raking the ground as he worked to bury his rage. It was that or lope towards where his woman was and kill the man attempting to seduce her from him.

The scent of the younger man's arousal tainted the air like garbage, and he watched with fierce burning eyes as Misty walked Lysander Allard out of the door. She tiptoed once again to kiss him on the cheek.

He wanted to howl his rage, his jealousy, his hurt.

Misty.

What else could he do to make her believe him?

~~~

Domenico Moretti was in a foul mood the next day. Misty had seen it before, how his aloof facade was completely burnt away by his temper, and though Domenico had not said anything to her, she also instinctively knew that she was the one he was furious with.

What had she done?

The tour around the realm was postponed for no reason, with Domenico instead requesting in a cold voice to discuss with Misty and Lysander the Faeries' defensive strategies within and outside their realm. Throughout the day, the only time Misty had seen him smile was when he had dismissed Ivory's offer of assistance, promising instead to meet with the woman for dinner.

Domenico was well aware of the way Misty had stiffened as he invited the other woman to dinner and was coldly satisfied by it. He was a Lyccan, and emotions like possessiveness and jealousy were deeply ingrained in him. If she had thought he would simply take the fact that she had allowed another man into her home lying down, then Misty didn't f**king know him as well as she once did.

"I believe Misty brought up the issue of a possible attack of vampires coming into your realm," Domenico said as the three of them walked into the courtyard where soldiers in training continued with sword practice.

"Vampires will not be able to enter this realm." Lysander stated it matter-of-factly.

Domenico stated just as matter-of-factly, "They will be able to if one of you invited them in."

Lysander tried not to bristle at the assumption. "My race is not the betraying kind."

"There are always bad apples, Allard. You should do your best not to forget that." Before the other man could speak, Domenico nodded towards the training ground. "Shall we practice for a round?"

And then they were sparring, Lyccan against Faerie, and the soldiers immediately gathered around them, with Misty unable to believe that Domenico and Lysander were going against each other just like that.

But...this was practice. She didn't have anything to worry about---

She screamed when Domenico's sword actually drew blood. "Domenico, stop this!"

"This is how you practice using your swords," Domenico said coldly as he moved away and they started to circle each other once more. "Your sword was forged in blood and it is designed to kill. Honor the memory of your dead by learning how to goddamn use the weapons you were given."

Lysander suddenly disappeared from view. Although he was invisible to the eyes of non-Faeries, members of his race had no problems seeing him, appearing like a semi-transparent figure, and they held their breaths, wondering if this would finally put the Lyccan prince at a disadvantage.

Domenico didn't miss a beat. Relying on his heightened senses, which Faeries were not blessed with, he used Lysander's scent to detect his location and made a sudden jab, catching Lysander by surprise once more with another fresh wound.

"Use your invisibility only as a last resort, Allard," Domenico advised the younger man in a bored tone. "Since it takes too much of your power, you should learn to use it wisely."

The speed in which the other man had wounded him twice distracted Lysander, causing his invisibility to wear off, and Misty cried out when she saw the gash on his cheek.

Without looking at her, he murmured, "Don't worry, I'm fine."

"You don't look fine!" Misty blurted out. In fact, she thought he was a little crazy for taking on someone like Domenico. His family had its own fighting hall for heaven's sake! And what did Lysander have? A freaking dancing hall - literally!

She opened her mouth to beg Domenico to stop, but he still looked coldly furious, and any hopes she had of asking him to take it easy on her g*y friend died at that look.

The two men were still circling each other. She wanted to stare at Lysander alone, but she couldn't help glancing at Domenico once in a while, amazed at the coiled strength in him, the speed of his movements, and the grace with which he wielded his sword. It was her first time to see him in action, and although he did appear deadly, something inside her squeezed painfully still. This was nothing compared to the dangers he faced almost every day, protecting not just his own race but other non-human races as well.

She tried to stop herself from remembering all those nights he had hunted for vampires and came back bloody and dark. Seeing Domenico and Lysander now fighting each other with almost deadly intent made Misty remember the horrors of the past.

Matteo dead---

Kevin in a coma---

Estrella attacked---

The lack of sleep, the stress of having Domenico back in her life, and her inability to even eat because she couldn't stop worrying about how tempted she was to let Domenico walk all over her again---all of it, combined with those bloodstained memories, made Misty faint.

"Misty!" Knowing he would be wounded because of what he was about to do but uncaring of it, Domenico ran towards Misty and straight into the path of Lysander's sword.

"Fuck!" Lysander did his best to control the fall of his sword but knew it was too late.

Domenico did not stop running, did not even look as he hit the other man's sword with his. It was not enough to completely prevent the blade from slicing against his shoulder - it was too late for that - but Domenico's long experience on the battlefield allowed him to precisely execute a counter move, his sword flinging Lysander's into the air afterwards.

"Misty!" He caught her just before she fell, beating even those closest to her.

She blinked, unable to understand why she was suddenly in his arms. "I'm---" Her eyes widened at the large bleeding gash on his shoulder. "You're hurt!"

He did not even spare it a glance, his eyes raking over Misty's face worriedly and not liking what he saw. "You're too pale," he said grimly instead. "When was the last time you ate?"

"Last night," she answered reluctantly.

He cursed and immediately stood up, with her still in his arms. "You're going to eat even if I have to force feed you."

"But your wound---"

"Fuck my wound."

She shook her head stubbornly. "No. Domenico, I won't eat until we have it treated." She pointed towards the Main Hall. "There's a healing center---"

God save him from Faeries, Domenico thought. It was the f**king 21st century and they still could not bear to have a f**king modern hospital. It still had to be called a healing center. "That's too far. I want you to eat now." He scanned the area rapidly and zeroed in the armory. "There. Will it be too much to hope that they would have a first aid kit there?" Normally, Lyccans were quick to heal but since he was wounded by a special type of sword - one that only Faeries could wield - Domenico knew that even his Lyccan blood would not offer him a speedy healing.

"But---" She sighed when Domenico just looked at her, his face stoic. She knew that look. "Okay, the armory then. They have a first aid kit there, and will you put me down for God's sake?"

He gave her another look.

She frowned. "Stop that. I'm not your wife anymore."

Yet another look, even more stoic this time.

The Faeries who managed to hear their conversation as Domenico walked past them were giving Misty odd looks, as if unable to believe that she dared argue with the Moretti prince. Or maybe they were just shocked that she was able to admit that she was no longer his wife.

Either way, she hated those looks. She really did. It reminded her of all those times she had been bullied in the past, had deliberately played the wimp because it was the safer way. Sixteen long months of trying to be strong were completely ruined just after spending a few days in Domenico's company. None of the Faeries had looked at her this way until Domenico came along.

"I hate you," she whispered, unable to help it. But the moment she said the words, she wanted to take it back.

Domenico turned to her as they reached the gates of the armory.

She held her breath.

"I love you."

Misty turned her head away quickly, not wanting Domenico to see just how those words hurt. He was so, so sly - maybe even more manipulative than he had ever been. How did he always know what to say to make her break down completely?

There was only one guard inside the armory, and he almost tumbled out of his desk in his haste to salute Domenico.

"Get some food for my wife. Now."

Domenico's voice lashed out like a whip, and the guard nearly ran past him, his nervousness making him salute and bow to Domenico at the same time before leaving.

When the gates snapped close, Misty said, "Stop saying I'm your wife."

He didn't say anything, instead gently lowering her to the most comfortable place he could find in the armory, which was nothing more but a squeaking padded bench that the soldiers used for working out.

Misty bit her lip, wanting to take the words back again but too proud to do so. Domenico's silence made her feel so childish and petty, which consequently made her feel defensive and angry.

Outside, the clashing of swords continued to ring in the air. Briefly, Misty wondered where Lysander was and whether he was okay. "You shouldn't have hurt Lysander like that," she heard herself saying. "I was really worried about him." Misty almost winced after. How the mighty had fallen! Was she truly trying to make Domenico feel...what? Jealous over a g*y man?

She waited for Domenico to laugh at her, but if anything his eyes flashed, a sure sign of his temper.

That made her angry, and she lashed out without thinking, "Can't you leave me alone? Don't you know I don't want you here?" Misty couldn't believe what she was saying. It was like a she-devil had taken over her body.

But still Domenico didn't answer. Instead, he was calmly pulling his shirt off, and she bit back a cry when she saw how worse his wound was. She stood up and immediately fell back to the bench with another little cry, shocked at how the world around her whirled.

Domenico was back at her side in a flash, kneeling in front of her as he stroked her back. "Easy, cara."

Her eyes stung. It had been a very long time since Misty had heard him call her that. It meant Italian for 'darling', and she used to think it was terribly sweet of him to call her that.

"You're still too weak. Don't move. Just rest there and wait for the food."

She pointed towards the cabinets above the unused armors. "The first aid kit."

A little smile touched his lips, softening the harsh lines of Domenico's beautiful face. "Was that why you tried to stand up?"

Realizing how she had given herself away, she clamped her lips shut and didn't answer.

He laughed. "Concerned for me, are you?" He straightened in one graceful move, and Misty couldn't help gawking when he turned his back, allowing her to feast on the beauty of his muscled back. God, he was so much sexier now. How was that possible?

"Of course not," she finally remembered to protest even as she continued looking at Domenico. He still had his back to her, now rummaging the contents of the cabinets. She licked her lips - at the same time Domenico turned with a first aid kit in his hands.

The air around them immediately changed, the sexual tension between her and Domenico so thick it was impossible to breathe.

He strolled towards her slowly, as if giving her a chance to savor the sight of him bare-chested. Oh dear Lord, but she couldn't help it. Misty savored.

He took a seat next to her on the bench, close but not close enough for them to touch. He gave her the first aid kit. "Could you help me bandage it?"

Bandage? Could she be his bandage instead so that she could wrap herself around him?

His eyes widened.

Shick. Had she just said those words out loud?

Domenico opened his mouth.

"Shut up." It was her first time to say that to him. In fact, it was probably his first time to hear someone having the audacity to say that to him.

But Domenico didn't even blink. He snapped his mouth shut obediently, not saying a thing.

That made Misty suspicious and after washing his wound clean, she peered at his face, unable to help it.

Domenico smiled, and everything in it told her how he was just waiting for her - how he wanted her to act on her desires, to take his c**k into her mouth, squeeze it between her br**sts, pull it inside her sex---

She turned red.

When Domenico laughed, she couldn't help it, slapping the gauze hard against his wound.

"Oww!" Domenico didn't know if he wanted to scowl or laugh at how petty her mode of revenge was.

"Serves you right," she mumbled.

After a few seconds, Domenico's lips twitched. "You weren't like this in the past." He then added softly, "I like it. I'm glad you've become even stronger."

She busied herself with keeping the gauze in place. "You mean I was such a wimp before."

"No." Domenico surprised her with the swiftness, the hardness, of his denial. "You were never that, Misty. Your strength was unique - a quiet but undefeatable one - but this time you have become more confident. And I'm glad for it."

He paused, and Misty could sense him debating with himself about what he wanted to say next.

"Domenico---"

"I'm just f**king sorry you had to learn it without me at your side."

Her fingers fell from his wound. The sincerity in his voice was impossible to deny, and her throat felt a little scratchy as she answered, "It's not your fault."

"It is."

She shook her head and forced herself to look back at him. "It's not, really. Besides, it's all water under the bridge now." She stood up, taking her time now so that she wouldn't feel dizzy again. "We're both better off apart." Unable to stop babbling, she walked towards the gates, saying, "You have your life and I have mine here with---"

One moment she was about to reach for the gates, and then the next she found herself pushed towards the gates, her br**sts hitting the arm that Domenico had wrapped around her from behind.

"You have your life here with Allard? Is that what you're saying?" Domenico growled, his control snapping when he realized that Misty was actually admitting to planning a life with another man.

Her mouth opened and closed several times. All Misty had wanted to say was that she was going to rebuild her life with the Faeries. Lysander hadn't even entered her mind...but he didn't have to know that.

She lifted her chin. "It's my life---" Misty couldn't say anything else, finding herself gasping instead as Domenico's claws flashed out just before he completely ripped her dress apart with one slice.

She screamed. "What the---no!" Domenico had ripped her bra and panties away. Before she could struggle and scream again, he had turn her around and taken her lips for a hard, passionate kiss that inflamed her senses even as she tried to break free.

"You're just making me want to f**k you harder, sweetheart," he rasped against her throat, and she knew it was true when he pushed his h*ps towards her and Misty felt his c**k actually swelling in size against her sex.

The feel of it was too much, and instead of screaming she heard herself moaning instead. "You bastard!"

"Scream as much as you want, Misty," Domenico growled just before he sank his teeth on her shoulder and bit her hard enough to make her cry out. "No one will hear you." He lifted her arms above her head, pinning it to the gates. "I'm going to f**k you so hard just so you'll know no other man can please you this way."

"You're so full---" Misty forgot what else she had to say when Domenico lowered his head and took one nipple into his mouth and started to suck. She screamed instead, and she screamed again when it made him suck harder.

When she tried to keep her screams silent, he pulled away, his pants-covered c**k teasing her bare sex while one hand kept her arms pinned over her head. "I won't kiss you again if you won't scream, darling."

She glared at him. "Over my dead---" Misty tried not to moan as he pushed his h*ps harder towards her, her pu**y becoming soaking wet at the feel of his cock.

Domenico released her all of a sudden that she could only stand there, her body shaking with desire. When Misty recovered enough of her senses, it was too late. Domenico was undressing himself, stepping out of his pants and kicking his shoes away. When he had taken off his briefs, revealing his straining cock, Misty bit her lip hard to keep herself from moaning again.

"This is all yours, Misty. Only yours."

She squeezed her thighs close, not wanting Domenico to guess how he had aroused her even more with his words.

"Are you sure you don't want to take it?"

They stared at each other, Domenico waiting, his eyes burning bright, while Misty's body was tense as a bow about to snap.

Domenico started to stroke himself.

Her control broke.

"Damn you," she sobbed, the sheer strength of her desire engulfing her. "Take me, Domenico, take---" She cried out in utter ecstasy as Domenico was suddenly next to her, slamming her against the gates, his mouth taking her other nipple in the same time his c**k slid home.

"I love you." He said the words when he released her breast and moved to its twin, his h*ps never stopping its hard, deep movements, his c**k sliding so far into her it brushed against her womb.

"Domenico."

He gripped her ass tight, shifting her for a more perfect fit as his c**k pummeled her depths faster and more furiously, making Misty cry out his name again and again. It was the sweetest music, and he could listen to it all day.

"I love you." He had to say the words even though he knew she didn't believe him and wouldn't return them.

He had to say it because that was what he felt, what he would always feel.

Her head had fallen back, her lips slowly parting open, and Domenico knew Misty was close. Keeping his gaze on her beautiful face, he withdrew all the way to the hilt, knowing it would make her look at him.

She did.

He shoved his c**k back in full force, and Domenico was rewarded with the loveliest sight, Misty falling apart in ecstasy as she came, her body shuddering. Weakly, she held on to him as he sought his own release, his h*ps wild in its movement, his c**k hungry for more of her depths because it had been so f**king long.

"Misty!" He threw his head back as he came, and he shuddered anew when Misty's arms locked around him, as if wanting to be close to him. That had been so f**king long, too---the feeling of Misty wanting to be next to him.

"Misty," he whispered against her hair even as he pulled her closer, urging her silently to wrap her legs around his waist more tightly.

"Misty, I love you so f**king much."

She still didn't answer but he could feel her tears leaving a hot wet trail on his cheeks and down his neck. His own eyes burned. "All those months, I gave you time to heal, but now it's my turn. I want you back, Misty." He touched her hair with his lips, and his words were both a promise and a threat.

"I won't stop until I have you back and you understand that you're meant to be mine."

Chapter Seven

Something had happened between Misty and Domenico.

Lysander knew it right away the moment he met with Misty the next day. "Hello, my pretty." He kept his voice light and casual as he came to her.

She tiptoed to kiss him on the cheek, and again the gesture surprised him. There was nothing sexual about it, but even so it made his c**k harden. Why did she appear so irresistible to him?

"I'm sorry I didn't get to check up on you yesterday," she said guiltily. After what happened in the armory, Misty had allowed Domenico to take her back to her cottage. How could she not when she didn't have anything to wear but his shirt? Just remembering her walk of shame, with her in the arms of a bare-chested Domenico, made Misty want to knock her head against the wall as many time as it took to get some sense back into her.

How could she have let herself make love with Domenico again? Hadn't she learned anything? He was not to be trusted - no matter how much he seemed to care for her!

Lysander sighed. "I admit to feeling hurt."

She felt even guiltier. "Tell me how to make up for it?"

He grinned. "I was just teasing you. It wasn't even your prince's fault."

"He's not my prince," she said automatically but this time she paused afterwards, as if troubled by the words.

That pause troubled Lysander, too, alerting him to the fact that he had to move faster if he wanted Misty in his bed. He wasn't stupid. He knew his worth, but not even the most impressive skills in bed would be able to seduce Misty away from the Moretti heir if she fell in love with him again.

"Of course he's your prince," he teased. "If the rumors are true, you worship him so much that everyone in the entire realm heard you screaming his name."

Misty choked. "Lysander!"

It was the first time she had called him by his name, and the pleasure it caused disturbed him. She was beginning to matter to him too much, and that wasn't something he had counted on. It was not a good thing.

Misty was gnawing on her lip. "What else did people say?"

Lysander's lips tightened. Was he supposed to tell her that the women who did hear her screaming had all thought Domenico Moretti was so good in bed to make her sound delirious with pleasure? He did not want to think about that, not when he wanted to be the one to make Misty's body go soft and tight with pleasure, to see her pu**y filled to bursting with his come.

His c**k strained against his pants at the thought.

"Lysander?"

He answered slowly, "I don't think you want to know."

"I want to!" Did they think she was a slut? Did they---

"They were talking how your prince was such a stud because after what happened, they saw him taking Ivory to dinner next."

She involuntarily took a step back. That was not what she had expected to hear at all.

Lysander's conscience stirred at the way Misty had paled at his words, but he did not retract them. It was not his fault if women made fool of themselves - even if the woman was as kind as Misty.

"Stop looking so glum, Misty."

She mustered a smile. "I'm not." But her heart was heavy. Could it be true? After what had happened between them, could Domenico take another woman to his bed?

"Tell you what, why don't we have a picnic and forget about all our problems and responsibilities for now?"

Misty hesitated. There were still terms of the agreement that they hadn't yet ironed out, and the longer that took, the more danger they were in. Many of the other races would not be willing to offer the Faeries a helping hand without the Alliance agreement formally signed.

Lysander sighed. "Misty, stop being a martyr. It's just one day - surely you deserve that much?"

She flinched at the term he used. A martyr. Had she been done that all the time? Could it be the reason why Domenico never thought her fit to be his true mate?

Squaring her shoulders, she smiled brightly at Lysander. "Okay, picnic that is. Let's walk to my home first so I can grab some stuff and then we can go."

While waiting outside Misty's cottage, Lysander caught sight of Sir Belmont walking up the lane. Snapping his fan open for the sole purpose of antagonizing the old man, he called out in his soft languid drawl, "Sir Belmont, what a pleasant surprise!"

"Seeing you is a surprise but it is not pleasant," the old man grumbled. "And stop with that fan. We all know you are as homosexual as I am."

He snapped the fan closed, grim-faced. If Misty had heard what the old man said, he would not be accountable for his actions. "What's your angle, old man? Why are you being so nice to her?"

"Shouldn't I be the one asking you that, Lysander Allard?" The old man gave him the evil eye. "It's a disgrace, how you turned out."

He scowled. "You just said you didn't think I'm g*y."

Sir Belmont threw him a disgusted glance. "I wasn't talking about that, you stupid boy. I'm talking about you - as a person. The Allards were once the gentlest of the noble families, the one with the heart of courage and generosity. It is a pity that as the last of your line you have become completely cold."

"How can you say that," Lysander hissed, "when I'm willing to give up my own life for our race?"

The old man remained unimpressed. "If that is all you can say for yourself then---"

The front door flew open, Misty coming out in a shirt and jumper, looking like a fresh-faced high school student with her face scrubbed clean of makeup. She brightened when she saw Sir Belmont. "Welcome back, Sir Belly."

Lysander's jaw dropped, momentarily forgetting his anger upon hearing what Misty called the other man. Even though he was known nowadays as their race's own Grinch, everyone was also well aware that he had been one of the greatest swordsmen of his time.

Sir "Belly" ignored his slack-jawed look, his face creasing with a rare smile as he gave Misty a bag of fruits. "Ripe for eating," he told her warmly.

Misty grinned. "Thank you! Let's have tea sometime this week?"

"If you can spare this poor old man some time."

Lysander wanted to choke. Was the old man flirting with Misty now?

Misty said earnestly, "Of course I'll always have time for you."

Yuck was the word that came to mind as he watched Sir Belmont bask in Misty's attention. Clearing his throat loudly, Lysander asked, "Shall we go?"

She gave her friend a regretful smile. "Catch up with you soon?"

Sir Belmont nodded. "You have fun wherever you're going!"

"We're just going on a picnic," she explained quickly. "Do you want to---"

"The old man needs some rest, my pretty," Lysander said just as quickly, knowing his plans would go nowhere if the other man was around.

Misty's face fell. "Oh. Sorry about that. Maybe next time then." As she turned away, Lysander caught sight of Sir Belmont giving him a dirty look. He was about to mouth "Fuck off" to the older man when Misty turned to him.

He gave her his most angelic smile. "Ready for our picnic?"

Lysander took her to one of his favorite places in the realm. Deep within the forests, hidden at the end of a brook was a cave he had discovered when he was a young boy. And after the Great War, it had served as his sanctuary---the only place he could be himself.

He had never brought anyone to his sanctuary until Misty, but he decided not to tell her that.

"This is great!" Misty had to shout her words because the roar of the nearby waterfalls would have otherwise drowned out her voice. Caves in the human worlds usually sparkled with stalactites and stalagmites but here in the realm of Faeries, the caves glowed with flowers that seemed to thrive in darkness, their petals shining bright in a rainbow of colors.

She shook her head in amazement. "Glow in the dark flowers. Did your ancestors create them, too?"

He shook his head. "I think you misunderstand how our realm works. Although we had sacrificed blood for this realm, none of it would have happened if not for Nature. It's from her all our powers come from."

In a very casual move, Lysander lowered himself to the ground and laid his head on her lap. Then he ordered her, "Comb my hair please!"

It was exactly the right thing to say, making Misty laugh, the tinkling sound making his c**k jerk inside his pants. He ignored it again even though lately he had been having cold showers every night - the only thing that kept him from trying to seduce Misty in her own home.

She hand-combed his hair, exclaiming wonder at how soft it was. "I'm the one who should be envious of your hair! It's so soft and shiny!"

He tried not to grimace at how very g*y that sounded. One day, Lysander would have the chance to make Misty realize just how much of a man he was. But until that day came, he simply had to grit his teeth and bear all her assumptions - assumptions that he had personally nurtured.

They laughed and talked for hours, swimming after and then eating lunch back in the cave. Replete, he laid back, head again nestled in her lap, delighted at having the best vantage view of Misty's br**sts above him.

"Did you have fun, my pretty?"

She nodded.

"It would be nice to have this much fun every day, don't you think?"

"It would be nice and surreal." The old Misty would never have said something like that, but life had taught her certain hard truths.

"But it could happen, you know?" Lysander heard the snapping of twigs before Misty did. It made him panic, knowing that just the sight of Domenico could make Misty forget all about him. His voice was a little uneven when he heard himself ask, "What do you think about marrying me?"

She stared at him in openmouthed shock. "But y-you're g*y."

"It doesn't mean I don't need a companion."

When Lysander reached for her hand and linked his fingers with his, Misty realized just how strong he was, more like Milo than Daryl. She looked down at him, and his too-beautiful face was devoid of expression except for the fierce light in his lilac-colored eyes.

His voice was soft and beguiling as he whispered, "It would be a life you'd never be hurt, never have to wonder if your partner is cheating on you or using you for your own ends." The sound of snapping twigs was stronger now. He knew Domenico could have come to them without being heard, but that he was deliberately letting Lysander know he was coming in advance told him that the Moretti prince was reluctant to catch them unawares.

Because he was afraid of what he would see them doing?

Misty pulled her hand away from his. "That's not a good joke," she said shakily.

He reached up to thread his fingers through her hair. "It wasn't one." This time, he heard leaves rustling, the slice of claws in the air as if Domenico had momentarily shifted, creating tension in the air.

And then the tension was gone, and Lysander his time with Misty was about to end. He smiled up at Misty, asking in a teasing voice, "Do you think your prince will get mad once he finds out about this?"

She smiled back at him uncertainly, protesting more out of habit this time. "He's not my prince."

A voice that was not Lysander's answered quietly, "Is that so?"

Chapter Eight

Domenico Moretti stood at the entrance of the cave, dressed in just a plain round-collared shirt and jeans, and yet - he had never seemed so beautiful and powerful in Misty's eyes. Not a flicker of expression betrayed his true feelings, his handsome face unreadable, but even so Misty sensed the pain that her careless words her caused.

Lysander moved away from her and she scrambled to her feet, knowing all the while she was making it worse by acting like she had something to be guilty about. "Domenico, I---"

"I'm sorry to intrude on your...date." His voice became flat as he said the last word.

Before she could answer, Lysander was chuckling, ruffling her hair as he said, "It wasn't a romantic date, Your Highness." His voice was perfectly bland, but somehow that only made him sound glib instead of honest.

But Domenico wasn't looking at him. He only had eyes for Misty. That was supposed to make her feel good, but it didn't. It felt wrong. "A missive from Aurelius arrived. A few pack leaders would like to meet with you today. Do you think it would be possible for you to leave?"

A part of her knew that she shouldn't be leaving with Domenico, shouldn't allow herself to be alone with him because it would change things between them forever. But another part of her remembered the flatness of his voice as he spoke to her, the dull look in his green eyes as he saw her with another man's head on her lap---

She blurted out, "Yes." She watched Domenico exhale after that, and she realized that he had been tensely waiting for her answer, as if expecting Misty to reject him. That did not feel right either.

Domenico was an Alpha, the heir to the Moretti pack, a legendary prince among his kind - it just didn't feel right that someone like her would be causing someone like him so much pain.

But...this was what she had wanted, didn't she?

"Misty?" Domenico was offering his hand.

She glanced at Lysander behind her shoulders. "Next time again?" she asked hesitantly.

The smile he gave her didn't reach his eyes. It puzzled her, but right now Misty didn't have time to think about it longer. "Go on, have fun."

Turning back to Domenico, she took his hand and he immediately clasped it tightly between his fingers, pulling her to his side. And then he was kissing her without any warning, his lips demanding and conquering as it covered hers, his tongue slipping in as if to immediately reclaim what he considered his.

And she let him.

Because somehow she felt this was the only way to make up for the hurt she had just caused.

Domenico pulled away. Before she could say anything else, he said in a low fierce whisper, "I'm never going to give you up to anyone, Misty. I love you too f**king much not to fight for you with everything I have."

~~~

The "Midways" was a highway of sorts that only appeared visible to non-human races. In ancient times, it had been used for non-humans to reach different realms, most of which had now been abandoned. Virtually every non-human race had learnt to adapt to living with humans, and only the Faeries had chosen to once again live apart from humanity.

It was an endless-looking bridge, and because Misty was entirely human, she wasn't able to see the portals that the bridge led to. All she could see was a great yawning distance ahead of her.

Domenico had been tensely silent since leaving the realm of Faeries, and it worried her. "I can't imagine the Midways being so crowded," she babbled. "But based on what I've read, that was exactly how it was in the old days...right?"

Domenico didn't answer.

She continued determinedly, "And they said that...that evil ones wouldn't be able to cross it. Is that true?"

Finally, Domenico answered, "Supposedly, that is how the Midways work, allowing it to be the first line of defense for the realms."

"Supposedly?" She didn't like the sound of that.

"A lot of things have changed," he answered absently before lapsing back into silence.

Domenico wasn't exactly brooding, and he certainly didn't come across as furious but something was truly wrong. She felt it in her bones, and she couldn't stand it. "I'm sorry," she blurted out. "I'm sorry if you were mad because I went out with Lysander. But Domenico, there's nothing..." She couldn't make herself say the words, afraid to make a fool of herself if her suspicions proved false.

Domenico knew exactly what was going through her mind. For a moment, he struggled with his pride, which demanded that he take the chance to hurt her now as she had unwittingly hurt him with how intimate she was with the other man.

But in the end, his love for Misty won---like how it would always win because she was the most important thing in his life now. "I was jealous," he admittedly flatly.

"But there's no need to be!" she cried out even as her heart raced at Domenico's unexpected admission. A year ago, Domenico would never have been able to say something like that. She added in a mumble, "He's g*y."

"And you're sure about that?"

"Of course! I even asked Daryl about it!"

His head turned towards her sharply. "And he confirmed that Lysander Allard is not interested in women?"

"Yes."

Domenico did not know what to make of it. Her words relieved him, but at the same time he had a feeling something was incredibly wrong, and his intuition was almost always right.

"Nothing happened, is happening, and could happen between us because he's g*y," she couldn't help stressing.

"And he asked you to marry him."

"A marriage of convenience---"

"A marriage to another man!" Domenico hadn't meant to shout, but he was so f**king pissed and goddamn hurt to hear Misty talk about marrying another man - even if that man liked other men - so easily. "You didn't even turn him down!"

She felt defensive all of a sudden, and she didn't like it. "Don't act like I'm the bad guy here," she snapped. "You were the one who was contemplating marriage with a Lyccan princess while we were still married!"

"It was different then! I was an idiot. Are you saying you're an idiot now?"

For a moment they stared at each other, both of them shocked at how completely unlike Domenico Moretti those words were. He usually had more, well, finesse when engaged in a verbal battle.

Domenico suddenly grimaced, as if unable to believe he had indeed said something so juvenile, and Misty burst into laughter. "I can't believe the great Domenico Moretti, the one who prides himself for being the perfect diplomat, just called me an idiot."

"Your words, not mine," he answered coolly.

That only made her laugh again. She continued gaily, "If it was in the past, you would have said something like...imbecile? A dim-witted fool? A---"

"Shut up."

Domenico Moretti was not the type to say such a thing either, and this time she really did lose it, doubling over in her laughter.

The sound was infectious, and Domenico felt his grimace giving way to a smile. Right now, his love for Misty was near to making his heart burst and it killed him that he couldn't say a thing about it. He said gruffly, "We're here." He took her hand, feeling it tremble in his and ignoring it. He pulled her out of the portal, and he immediately caught her before she fell. It was a common reaction for humans who had the need to pass through the Midways.

This close to Domenico, his familiar scent wrapped itself around her. This close, her body was reacquainted with his strength. This close, she found herself looking into his eyes and realized what he had been doing his best to hide all along.

He was scared.

"Domenico, what's wrong?" Misty whispered as she let him slowly help her back to her feet. But she didn't move away, even reaching out to hold his face so that he would look at her. It was the first time that she had touched him voluntarily - or at least the first she had done when they were not in the middle of making love - and both of them knew it.

Domenico shuddered at her touch, couldn't help capturing her hand with his, pressing her palm close as he turned his head sideways to kiss it.

The heat of his kiss made Misty's knees go weak, and for a moment she remembered how oh so deliciously thrilling it was the first time his lips touched hers.

"What's wrong, Domenico?"

"I'm so f**king scared I'm going to lose you."

Yes. No. Yes. No. She didn't know what she should say anymore, didn't know what she should be thinking or even feeling. Domenico had changed so much. In the past, he would never have admitted something like that because it wouldn't have happened in the first place. He would have made sure of it, manipulating people and everything else he could control so that someone like Lysander Allard would never have gotten within ten feet of her.

Domenico saw the indecision in her eyes, and behind it lurked insecurities that he knew he was responsible for. Cursing himself silently, he slowly lowered her hand without letting go, saying gruffly, "Come on. They're already waiting for us."

Portals leading to the Midways were always hidden in dense forests and heavily guarded. Today, Domenico had used the one closest to the official residence of the Castellano pack, which was where the meeting with other pack leaders would take place.

Domenico held her hand throughout the ride and she let him. As the silence between them continued, it slowly dawned on Misty that this was basically the first car ride she shared with Domenico that nothing even the slightest bit sexual was taking place between them.

Was that a good thing or bad thing, Misty wondered, unable to help sneaking a look at Domenico's profile. He was frowning at the scenery, his face bleak, his shoulders tense. The feeling that something was truly wrong became even more urgent, and she unconsciously tightened her grip on his hand.

Domenico looked at her in surprise. "What is it?"

Misty asked haltingly, "Can't you tell me what's wrong?" She expected him to brush her off again, or at least to tell her that she shouldn't worry about him but this new Domenico didn't seem to run out of surprises.

He did the least thing she expected him to do, and that was to tell the truth. "I'm beginning to question whether it is truly right to have you back, Misty." His lips twisted in a smile filled with bitter regret. "I'm beginning to understand that loving you might not be enough to make me...deserve you."

She paled at his words, her heart stopping mid-beat as the glass bubble that kept her heart safe start to crack. "Domenico---" But there was no time to answer. They had already arrived, and guards wearing the Castellano livery were already moving forward to open the car door for them and assist them out of the limousine.

Aurelius was waiting for them at the foot of the steps. He and Domenico exchanged greetings first. Aurelius appeared tense, which made Domenico tense as well because it boded ill for the upcoming meeting. In truth, this meeting had taken him completely by surprise. Alessandro as well had not known much about it, but he, too, had been called.

Aurelius turned to Misty with a smile. "You look even lovelier than I remember, my dear."

Domenico watched Misty try her best to smile and match the older man's tone as she returned warmly, "And you look twenty years younger."

As Aurelius led them to where the pack leaders waited to meet her, Domenico pulled Misty close and kissed her forehead. "Relax, cara. Everything will be all right."

She shook her head at him. "No," Misty said with unmistakable sadness, "I feel like it won't."

The old Misty wouldn't have said that. She was the eternal optimist, after all, and his heart clenched at how life had made her more cynical. Was he responsible for this, too? More and more he was beginning to think that she truly was better off without him and that if he really loved her, he should turn his back on her and allow Misty to rebuild her life - without him.

"In here," Aurelius said as he opened a door at the end of the third-floor hallway and gestured for them to precede him.

Inside were a dozen pack leaders, all of them head of the most powerful Lyccan packs. Some, she recognized - like Filippo Cavalier, whom she once worked for...and was accused of stealing from. There were also the heads of the Fontabella and Buenaventura, whose daughter and granddaughter she was friends with. And then there was Alessandro, who winked at her even though his form remained tense. The rest she didn't know...and couldn't be sure of.

There were 12 seats, with just one left vacant. She glanced at Domenico.

He pulled out a chair for her, which confused Misty. "Where would you sit?"

Domenico smiled at her gently. "Sweetheart, I am no longer heir apparent to the Moretti pack, remember?" He nudged her towards the seat. "I cannot sit in the same table with other pack leaders."

Her eyes widened. "But that's insane. You were---"

"Were being the operative word," he said with quiet firmness.

Knowing he had again taken a position he wouldn't budge from, Misty had no choice but to face the assembly of pack leaders again. Her heart broke as she thought of what Domenico had sacrificed just to take her back. Once he had been commanding the entire Moretti pack, once he had been equal to the Lyccans before him, if not surpassing them with his power and wealth.

And yet now, it almost felt like he had willingly turned himself into an invisible slave for Misty, someone who only showed up when she needed his help.

"We are glad to see you again, my dear," Filippo Cavalier said gently. "I trust the Faeries are treating you well."

"Yes, they more than treat me well, thank you for asking."

Domenico was proud at the way Misty answered the questions of other pack leaders. Her tone was respectful but strong at the same time, a woman who knew the value of the hierarchy they treasured but one who also did not hesitate to stand for what she believed was right for the Faeries.

Aurelius cleared his throat, and the way the others stopped talking made both Domenico and Misty tense again.

"You may be wondering why we haven't called for your Co-Ambassador."

Misty nodded.

"Well, this is more of a matter concerning Lyccans alone, which we believe your Co-Ambassador has nothing to do with." With the usual bluntness that Misty had come to expect from Lyccans, Aurelius said, "When Domenico relinquished his right as heir apparent to work as our emissary, it was admittedly a great boon for Lyccans. We could not ask for a better representative, especially one who would be free of any conflict of interest."

Domenico's gaze narrowed. He finally knew where this was going and his lips tightened in dislike. He glanced at Alessandro and saw that his brother, too, had caught on as well. There were grimaces on the faces of the Cavalier, Buenaventura, and Fontabella pack leaders.

He did a swift mental count and cursed silently, realizing that the odds were against them.

"Domenico had specified certain terms for his role as emissary," Aurelius was saying. "They have been presented to the Council, and almost all of it was approved - everything actually except for one term and which the Council would now wish to discuss with you."

"No." Domenico's face was hard as he outright rejected what was about to happen.

Enrico Fiarino smirked. "I'm sorry, but do you think you have a say in this? You are no longer a pack leader, remember? You gave it up for a woman," Enrico said with a curl of his upper lip.

It was a public set down meant to humiliate, and Domenico could feel Misty's distress at hearing those words. Even his younger brother was furious while his allies appeared uncomfortable. Surprisingly, Domenico was the only one who truly felt unaffected by the slur. If there was anything he didn't like then it was the fact that all of this was hurting his princess.

Misty so badly wanted to look at Domenico after hearing what the other man said. She recognized him as the son of the traitor responsible for the numerous Lyccan and Caro slayings and whom Domenico had helped capture last year. Because of that Misty understood where the animosity was coming from, but what she had a difficult time taking in was how disrespectful the man was being to Domenico. Didn't he know Domenico could kill him with his bare hands? Didn't he know how powerful Domenico was?

And yet - no one came to Domenico's aid, not even Alessandro.

She didn't understand what was happening, and her heart thudded against her chest as the feeling of something bad that was about to happen became heavier, lodging itself inside her body like a ticking time bomb. Forcing herself to speak calmly, she asked, "What is this term you find objectionable?"

It was again Enrico who answered, his tone jeering as he said, "We wanted our emissary to consider the Lyccan race - the packs - as his first priority. It was to be important above all else."

She became even more confused. "And so? I understand why you'd want that---"

"The thing is," Enrico cut her off contemptuously, "the man you have enslaved has rejected this term. He wants to place you above all else. He has stated that if he was forced to make the choice, he would always put you first."

She couldn't believe what she had just heard. "I don't understand."

Enrico laughed contemptuously. "Do you truly want us to spell it out? He is choosing you over his pack - over the entire Lyccan race."

Misty twisted around to look up at Domenico, and he gazed back at her implacably. "Domenico..." Still, he didn't answer. "Domenico, no. You don't have to do this."

He finally looked at her. "Yes," he answered simply, "I do."

She shook her head, not entirely surprised to find herself crying. Never in her life had Misty imagined that Domenico Moretti would actually place her above even his duties as a Lyccan. It was one thing to give up his right as heir apparent, but to turn his back completely on his race?

"You really don't have to do this," she choked out. "I've never wanted to stand between you and your duties."

"You're not, Misty."

The tenderness of Domenico's voice made her cry harder. How could he bear to sound so tender when he knew that half of the pack leaders in this room were intent on judging him harshly? "I understand---I expect you to put your pack before me. It's your duty---"

He shook his head just once, a sharp negation of her words. "You are my duty," he said harshly, and Domenico's gaze met the eyes of the other pack leaders, one by one. "And anyone who thinks I'm going to sacrifice you for pack can go to hell. Before anything else, I'm yours to command."

Enrico clapped his hands. "What a melodramatic confession. Perhaps you're hoping that would get you back in your ex-wife's bed?" He gave Misty an oily smile. "I commend you for picking so fine a slave, my dear. Domenico Moretti as a puppet is quite amusing. Perhaps one day you'd choose to entertain us by telling him to suck up to us?"

Misty didn't think after hearing those words. She simply...reacted.

Domenico knew the exact moment Misty lost it. "Misty, no!"

But Misty had already lunged for Enrico across the table, her face flushed with anger. "Take that back!"

Chapter Nine

Oh, shick.

By the time she snapped out of her rage, she was bleeding. Misty had a slice on her neck, and it hurt like hell, but that didn't matter, not when she could see that she had done her own damage to Enrico. She might not have claws, but she didn't have to when all she was aiming for was to crush his balls. She had managed a good swift kick to his nuts before Domenico had come between them.

She was also surrounded by thirteen angrily snarling wolves.

Oh, oh, shick.

What had she done?

Misty had never been a violent person. Even Domenico breaking her heart so publicly had not moved her to commit violence. But God, she had never remembered feeling this furious either. How could that man talk to Domenico that way? And why was Domenico allowing him to do so?

Then, she only had one thought in mind, and that was to do anything to get rid of the smirk on Enrico's face. She had known she would most probably get physically hurt because of what she intended to do, and she had been prepared for it.

And she had, but she had also given as good as she got.

But what Misty hadn't been prepared for was to have Enrico shifting before her, as if intent on inflicting the greatest possible damage.

She had cried out as Enrico attempted to swipe her with his claws but before he could reach for her again, Domenico was between them. He had also shifted, and his forepaws easily countered Enrico's strike.

The two wolves lunged apart then, staring at each other with unconcealed hostility.

When Domenico growled in warning at Enrico's wolf, Misty felt the hairs on her body standing up. That growl was the definition of danger, and the way Enrico slowly backed away from Domenico told her that the other man knew it, too. Domenico's wolf was bigger and badder-looking, and next to him Enrico's Lyccan form looked like a tabby cat.

Now, everyone was silent, all their gazes on her.

It took her a moment to understand what they were waiting for her to do. "Oh. Umm, I'll, uhh, just step outside while you all shift back." Misty's face had turned pink by the time she finished her rambling. She couldn't get out of the room fast enough. She had absolutely no desire to be surrounded by over a dozen na**d men once they shifted back to the human form.

She waited for ten minutes before knocking on the door.

Domenico was the one who opened the door, and the next thing she knew she was inside, Domenico carefully cleaning her wound and bandaging it. "You little fool," he muttered. "You could have died there."

Misty barely heard him. All she could concentrate on right now was the fact that Domenico still hadn't his shirt on and his jeans were partially unbuttoned. Apparently, violence worked like an aphrodisiac, and Misty couldn't believe how turned on she was.

Domenico's head jerked up, his eyes wide as he sought her gaze.

She gasped, belatedly remembering that their kind could easily scent another person's arousal.

He laughed and drat it, even the sound was seductive, making her toes curl and her ni**les stand proud behind her blouse. "Really? Right now, cara?"

Misty turned red and slapped Domenico's hand away when he actually tried to reach for her as if he was about to kiss her. "No!"

He tried reaching for her again. "As long as you think you can keep your cries to yourself---"

Misty nearly shrieked, "Domenico, shut up!"

Domenico laughed out loud but he finally moved a step back, throwing his hands up as if in surrender.

Her heart clenched. Her sex throbbed. Oh, oh, dear - Domenico in a playful mood was dy***ite. She stole a look at him again, and Domenico smirked at her.

Misty abruptly turned around, embarrassed for being caught like a schoolgirl with a crush.

Aurelius said dryly, "I suppose I don't have to ask if you are feeling well?"

Fraaaaack.

She had forgotten that everyone here had Lyccan hearing, which meant they again heard every word.

"Would you like a minute to yourself and my brother, Misty?" Alessandro asked innocently.

She glared at him. "No, thank you." Her face was literally on fire now, and she had a feeling it would stay that way for the rest of this heaven forsaken meeting.

Domenico assisted her back in her seat, and Misty could feel him still smirking from behind. Ass. Lovable beautiful sexy ass.

Aurelius cleared his throat. "To continue---we have called for you because we believe it would be better to have you present when we make a vote regarding the condition Domenico has set."

"There is nothing to vote for," Domenico stated coldly. "I will never sacrifice Misty for anything or anyone."

At least half of the pack leaders inside the room appeared offended at his words, and Misty said hastily, "What exactly do you want me to do? Are you saying you want me to vote as well?"

Aurelius looked embarrassed. "Ah, no. I am sorry but..." He glanced at Domenico almost pleadingly.

Domenico closed his eyes. How long was he going to pay for his mistakes? And how much did Misty have to f**king suffer because of his wrongdoing? He lowered himself until he could whisper into Misty's ear, "I'm sorry. But you cannot vote because we are not mated."

She jerked away from him, and Domenico couldn't fault her.

Misty looked back at the other pack leaders, knowing that they were also aware of why she couldn't vote. It brought all the horrible memories back, of how everyone had laughed when they found out she had misunderstood what mating meant.

But...

That was the past.

And this was the present.

Willing her composure back with an effort, Misty lifted her chin, asking Aurelius, "What do you want me to do then?"

"To simply speak your side to help us vote if it comes to it," Aurelius explained.

"And we are going to do it now?"

He shook his head. "We will do it on the next Lyccan Council meeting, which Lyccans from all over the world would come to attend. This meeting was only meant to inform you of the circumstances."

"The answer would still be no." Domenico's tone was lined with steel.

Enrico snapped, "It's not up to you anymore - you gave up the right to speak the moment you stupidly threw away your right to lead for..." This time Enrico only threw a venomous look at Misty, having lost the courage to attack her again.

When Domenico had come between him and the human woman, Enrico had felt he was facing death and the memory chilled him, enough to keep him from making another move at the bitch - or at least not when the Moretti bastard was there to see it.

Aurelius said tiredly, "We are now ending the meeting." He stood up, and the others followed suit. Domenico immediately moved to help Misty out of her seat.

The simple act of courtesy made her heart ache.

Domenico was immediately concerned, having scented her unshed tears. "Sweetheart, what is it?"

That gentle caring tone made her want to cry harder. She knew that all these little acts of courtesy were an innate part of Domenico. But Misty also knew now that those acts of courtesy would be misinterpreted by other Lyccans as a sign of weakness.

He was weak because of her.

She smiled up at Domenico, her voice just a little shaky as she answered, "I'm just thinking of what I could say to the Faeries about this meeting."

Domenico tucked loose strands of her hair behind her ear. "You can say whatever you want, cara. There is nothing for you to worry about. I'll always be here to support you."

And that was the problem, Misty thought, struggling even harder to keep her tears locked in. Domenico Moretti was not meant to support her. He was destined to lead the Lyccans, but how could he when she had become his Achilles' heel?

Oh God. Did he realize now how wrong he had been to choose her? She couldn't even begin to fathom what made Domenico think she would be such a big help to him that he had taken pains to keep her at his side. If anything, marrying her had done the opposite for now Domenico was without a pack to lead.

"Domenico?" It was Aurelius, and he was looking questioningly at Domenico.

Domenico glanced at Misty with a frown. "I have to talk to Aurelius about the Caros. Do you think you could wait for me just for a few minutes---"

She tried to keep her voice normal as she asked, "How about I hitch a ride with Alessandro instead? I'd like to visit your family and mine while we're here. That way you can also take as much time as you want with your meeting." It was a lie, but it was also a good decision especially with the way Domenico appeared relieved at her answer.

"That's a wonderful idea. Maybe we can all have dinner together before we go back to the realm?" At her nod, he called for Alessandro, who promptly came to his side. "Would you drive Misty home? I'm tied up here but I'll follow as soon as I'm done. We'll all have dinner together before we return to the realm."

"Of course." Alessandro offered his arm to Misty with a twinkle in his eye. "Shall we go now, Princess?"

She rolled her eyes. "I'm not a princess."

Alessandro answered seriously, "You always will be in our eyes, Misty. Always. And don't you forget that." Then he paused. "But I still can't believe how in the world you became such a war freak with the Faeries."

Misty turned red. "I am not a war freak!"

He rolled his eyes. "Did I or did I not just see you start a fight with Enrico Fiarino?"

Domenico allowed himself to smile as he followed the two from behind, enjoying the way his younger brother bantered with Misty. It was a pleasure he used to take for granted but not anymore.

When Alessandro's limousine slid to a stop in front them, Misty turned impulsively to him. "Domenico?"

He lifted a brow.

She tiptoed to kiss him, knowing by the way he stiffened that she had taken him completely by surprise. "Thank you," she whispered against his lips before practically running away. Inside the limousine, she saw Domenico staring at her, a bemused expression on his gorgeous face. But what really made her want to weep was the tender light in his eyes.

"You still love him," Alessandro said triumphantly as the limousine drove past the gates of the Castellano residence.

Instead of answering him, she said quietly, "I need a favor, Alessandro."

~~~

Lyccan Hall was bustling with activity when they arrived. Numerous curious glances went their way as they entered. It wasn't before long when what she feared did happen.

A Lyccan wolf-whistled - and of course it truly did sound like a wolf - at the sight of her. "Domenico Moretti's Delilah," he sneered. "I wonder how really great you are at bed that you made the Moretti prince turn into a sex slave."

Misty gasped. But before she could answer, Alessandro was pulling her past the other Lyccan. As they went further and further in, the insults became more and more offensive until Misty was literally shaking in her effort to control herself.

Where's your puppy?

Have you chained Domenico Moretti to your bed? Is he a good little pup fit to lick your feet?

Do you ask him to "roll over" for some kinky fun? How about asking him to let another man f**k his ass? Wouldn't that be fun?

She so badly wanted to fight with all of them, but she couldn't, not when Domenico's own brother wasn't saying a word in his defense. Alessandro did not even appear bothered. Inside the office reserved for the Moretti pack, Alessandro quietly asked all the others to leave.

When they were alone, she burst out, "Why didn't you let me answer any of them? They all need a good swift kick to the backside if they thought they could get away saying things like that about Domenico."

Alessandro said gently, "But they can."

She whitened. "What do you mean they can?"

"It's been like this since you were gone." Alessandro gave her an apologetic smile. "For a while, I blamed you even. The first months had been the most difficult. I couldn't understand why Domenico wasn't beating them all up. I thought..." His lips twisted. "I thought you made him weak. I thought he was weak."

The pain Alessandro's words caused was so great she almost doubled over because of it.

"For a time, we didn't even talk. I couldn't bear looking at him. I hated seeing him so f**king weak."

The tears started to fall. She couldn't bear imagining how Domenico felt when he heard all those insults. Why was he letting them get away with it? Why?

"And then I fell in love, the same way my brother fell in love with you---"

"Alessandro---" She suddenly wanted to cover her ears.

"And that was when I understood. All of this..." Alessandro inhaled sharply. "It's simply meant to atone for what he did to you."

A cry of pain escaped her. She couldn't stop it, and she couldn't keep herself from crying because now the images became even more vivid. The Lyccans whom Domenico had spent his entire life protecting had turned their backs on him so quickly it had to have hurt him.

They were looking down on him - Domenico Moretti, the proudest man she knew - simply because he chose to love her.

She had been wrong.

He wasn't weak because of her.

He had chosen to be weak for her.

"I never wanted him to do this." She couldn't control her sobs and she cried harder when Alessandro pulled her in his arms.

"I know, Misty."

"I don't want him to be weak because of me."

"And he isn't."

She looked up at Alessandro in distress. "How can you say that?" she cried out. "Look at what happened earlier in the meeting. That little worm would never have been able to speak if---"

"Listen to me, Misty." Alessandro waited until his sister-in-law --- and that was always how he would think of her, whether Misty and Domenico were married or not --- raised her gaze to meet his. "He's not weak because of you. He's stronger."

She started to shake her head.

"Misty, it's true. That was what I thought before, too, but this is Domenico, remember? He never does things easy. Everything has to be complex and layered with mystery."

She couldn't stop herself smiling a little at that, knowing that what Alessandro said was true.

"This was his way of making up for what happened last year. He wants everyone to see his suffering - the same way they saw you suffer. But...none of what they say or do really affects him, Misty. And that's because he draws strength from the fact that he loves you. He's happy with every day that he's able to prove that he loves you. Because he thinks...he thinks by punishing himself it's the only way he can win you back."

She didn't stop crying after that.

Chapter Ten

"Did you enjoy your time with the family?" Domenico was the first one to speak after leaving the Moretti compound and he did so only when they had crossed the portal leading to the Midways.

Throughout dinner, Misty had appeared subdued, unable to meet his gaze. And when she did, she looked unbearably sad. It made his heart clench. Perhaps she thought he was weak, too? If she learned of how most Lyccans belittled him now, would she be disgusted? Would she understand why he had allowed such things to happen?

He wanted to ask her so many questions but somehow he couldn't, the words stuck in his throat. Fear was an emotion that he hadn't been acquainted with until Misty came to his life. Now, he feared so many things and most of it had to do with losing her.

Even now, he had feared hearing her reject him, which was why it took him so long to think about something safe to talk about with her.

"Misty?"

She glanced up at him, as if surprised that he was talking to her. "I-I'm sorry," she stammered. "I was thinking...I...what were you saying?"

Domenico's fists clenched. What was she thinking? Was she thinking how best to completely free herself from him? Did she truly prefer Lysander Allard to him?

His face hardened. "Nothing."

He was furious, Misty realized with a sinking heart. "Domenico---"

"Just tell me when I'm boring you. I can shut up if you tell me to."

She let out a little cry of pain when she realized how he had misunderstood everything. "It's not like that. I was really thinking about something."

"That's your best excuse?" Domenico didn't bother keeping the disgust from his voice...or even the frustration and bitterness. Was there truly no hope for them? Was it really better for him to let Misty go?

And because he was concentrating too hard on Misty, it took Domenico a few seconds later than usual to realize that they were not alone. The Midways might be perennially silent these days, but it was a silence born of a past that was long gone. The silence was never stealthy, as if concealing danger like now.

"Wh---" Misty was suddenly thrust behind Domenico just before he shifted and took the bullet that was meant for her. "Domenico!" But already his body was pushing the bullet out, the wound healing. He snarled, and she whirled around just in time to see men half-crawling, half-running towards them until they formed a threatening circle around her and Domenico.

Their red eyes and fangs told Misty what they were, even though it was her first time to see their kind up close. She got a sick feeling inside her stomach just looking at them, a mixture of fear and disgust. They reeked of evil, and although she was scared she didn't want to cower behind Domenico. Misty could feel him tensing as she forced her way back to his side. If he could contact her telepathically he would be shouting at her right now.

"Surprised to see us, Lyccan?" the vampire crooned. His features were sharp and cruelly beautiful, and Misty could see why some women would willingly become his victims. Or at least women who were as depraved as this vampire was.

"Did you think the Midways were for you alone?"

Misty could feel Domenico gathering his strength, preparing for an attack. His side touched her calves, his tail brushing against her skin several times, as if comforting her.

They were outnumbered. She had counted twelve vampires and there were just the two of us. Misty doubted that Faeries would suddenly appear to give them aid since their race tended not to leave the realm after dark.

"This world is no longer yours - just as your pack left you to rut until you die." The vampire cackled. "Did you get that? Rut until you die?"

Was it a good thing or bad thing that vampires apparently had a lame sense of humor? And why was she even thinking about it when she was in a life-or-death situation? Misty felt the stirrings of panic inside her, and she swallowed, knowing enough of vampires to try to keep her fear in control because it was what they thrived in.

Concentrate, she told herself. This was what she had been training sixteen months for.

The vampire's red eyes flashed as they landed on Misty. "Don't worry, human. The Master does not want you dead."

She lifted her chin. "That's too bad since I want all of you dead." And with the element of surprise in her side, she let loose the throwing stars she always had with her. Like all other weapons of Faeries, the throwing stars were forged of steel dipped in the blood of the race's fallen heroes. They were the only ones that non-Faeries could heal and represented a gift of trust from the race. Milo had also said it could be her greatest weapon since she did not have the stamina or the killing instinct to really wield a Faerie sword.

The throwing stars struck its targets, hurtling through layers of flesh, muscle, and bone and killing the vampires instantly before spinning back to her hands.

The vampires let out a keening cry, and their leader hissed, "Forget about what Master said. Kill them both!"

Her body went taut, preparing for the hurt that was sure to follow. There was no mercy in the vampires' eyes, not even a semblance of a soul. She was scared, terribly so, but a part of her realized that she was more scared for Domenico than for herself.

The circle of vampires started closing towards them.

"I'll think that through if you're smart," a light cool voice warned from the darkness.

She jerked at the unexpected intrusion, hairs standing up on her nape. Thud. Thud. Thud. Three young men came out of nowhere, landing on a pouncing position on the ground. Fangs flashed in the darkness, sending the vampires in a disoriented frenzy.

Domenico relaxed at the sound of that voice, recognizing it immediately. If Riyu Delicazzi was around, then it was a given that his two second in command, Luka Georgiades and Stefan Mancetti would also be there. He turned his head slightly, and he saw that the three had formed a triangle offense around the circle of vampires. It was a well-known position that Caros favored when going to battle, one that left no enemy within the triangle breathing.

Misty heard Domenico's fangs snap. She looked down at him in confusion, just in time to see him growl. It was low, loud, and menacing, sending shivers up her spine. But there was no time to think about it anymore as the growl acted like a signal.

The three new strangers launched themselves at the vampires the same time Domenico went on attack.

A vampire ran to Misty and she let loose another throwing star, but it only grazed the vampire's face. Her heart screeched in fear, causing her fingers to fumble and dropping her other weapon to the ground.

When she looked up a split second later, the vampire was practically flying towards her, too fast for Misty to catch her other throwing star.

She kept her scream locked inside her, not wanting to distract Domenico. Misty started backing away, tripped on her own feet, and her mouth opened in silent horror as she felt herself falling backwards.

The vampire's fangs were inches away from her throat when a blur of black crossed her vision, Domenico throwing his weight on her attacker and they tumbled to the side of the road.

"Domenico!" Her hand shot up to catch her throwing star and she hurtled it back, aiming for her attacker, who was now struggling against Domenico. The throwing star sliced the vampire's neck open, and Domenico finished the job, his claws dismembering the vampire's head.

A pair of hands grasped her from behind, and Misty only stopped struggling when she realized that it was one of the Caros helping her up to her feet. "You okay?"

"Relax. I'm on your side." It was one of the Caros that had come to help her, and the savior was nothing but a teenage boy, his attractive features made sexier by the wicked gleam in his eyes. He bent down to kiss her hand, just in time for her to see another vampire coming for them.

Misty didn't even pause to think. She grabbed the dagger in the boy's hand and threw it, the knife slicing the vampire's skull neatly into halves.

The boy turned around, his eyes widening as the vampire fell to the ground. He looked back at her with eyes filled with admiration. "My heart, be still."

The flirtatious words, uttered at such a setting, calmed her. Misty even managed a smile as she grabbed the throwing stars from the ground. Magic enabled them to return to her hands after hitting its target but not when it hit something accidentally---like the floor.

Misty managed to kill another when the battle ended, heaps of dead vampire bodies littering the road. Everything became hazy as she watched Domenico shift back, uncaring of his nudity as he spoke with the three young men who had helped them. As they started piling the bodies into a pyramid of the dead, her vision became blurrier and when they lit a fire to burn the bodies, Misty realized that even though she had kicked ass big time tonight, it did not free her from being human.

She fainted.

~~~

It was weird to wake up without any disoriented thought. If anything, Misty felt that she had been sleeping every day of the past sixteen months and it was only now that she had finally woken up. Everything was so much clearer. She knew what she had to do now.

"Domenico?"

No one answered, but she wasn't afraid or even nervous. Domenico would always look after her whenever she couldn't look after herself. She took her time studying her surroundings. The room she was in was the definition of elegance, decorated in tones of lavender, cream, and dark grays. She also noted the steel bars on the window. It was, in a nutshell, a beautiful cage.

Someone knocked on the door and in came a familiar-looking boy with ash blond hair and violet eyes. It took her a while to realize he was one of the boys who had helped them fight.

He bowed slightly, and the way he did so with such elegant flourish impressed Misty. He was still in his teens and yet next to him she felt she was the one terribly gauche. "It's good to see you awake, Princess." He reached for the intercom mounted on the wall, murmuring something in a language she couldn't recognize. After the call, he faced her again, and his every move was flawless, reminding Misty of a young English lord.

He smiled.

A young English lord with fangs, that was.

"My name is Luka Georgiades. I am one of the representatives of The Brethren. You have heard of it?"

She nodded. The Brethren was the Caros' equivalent of the Lyccan Council, the governing body of their race. "Where is...my husband?" The words felt extremely good to say, like a long-missed melody that made her heart whole.

There was the smallest pause, and Misty knew that her words had surprised him. But the younger man - Luka - quickly recovered, saying, "I have already the servants inform him you are awake. He had to leave your side to brief your...escort."

She frowned at the second pause, not understanding why having an escort had suddenly brought a twinkle in Luka's eyes.

The door flew open again, and in an instant Domenico was crouched in front her, his hand shaking as he stroked her hair, his gaze rapidly scanning her entire form, checking for injuries.

Misty kept herself still instinctively, Domenico's worry communicating herself to him. What she had learned at Lyccan Hall about Domenico's transformation had done a good job at eradicating her doubts. If any doubts had remained, they were extinguished by the feverish light in Domenico's eyes now, telling her better than any words could of how much she meant to him.

Domenico Moretti truly did love her.

His hands were still holding her face, and she lifted her own hands to cover his, willing Domenico's hands to stop shaking. This near, his familiar scent wrapped itself around her, and it was all she could do not to pull him down so she could, well, sniff him like a Lyccan. She might not be his real mate yet, but it seemed that she had already gotten some of his Lyccan qualities.

"How do you feel?" His voice was hoarse. He gently touched the bandaged wound on her neck. "Did it get worse?"

She shook her head. "I'm fine but...I don't think you are?" And it puzzled Misty, it really did. The battle had been fierce, but it had also been a lot less frightening than she had imagined. For so long, she had feared the vampires, turning them into a bogeyman in her mind. But when she had finally come face to face with them, Misty realized that they were only as scary as she would make them be.

And in the end, nothing could be as frightening as losing Domenico - again. In the moments they had been in the thick of battle, all Misty wanted to do was to fight. She wanted to do what she could to keep Domenico alive. To do her duty as a Lyccan princess.

"Were you worried about me?"

When Misty actually turned her head slightly to press her lips to his palm, Domenico couldn't stop his eyes widening from shock. It was the first time she had voluntarily touched him, kissed him after their separation.

Domenico snapped his mouth shut when he realizing he was gaping.

She frowned. When she pulled back a little, Domenico controlled the urge to haul her back, not wanting to let her go. That he was worried for her was a f**king understatement. He could still remember the terror that had enveloped him when he realized he had let both of them down by failing to detect the vampires' presence until it was too late. If it had not been for the Caros being there, the ending could have been completely different, with Misty dying in his arms.

Was this the life of a Lyccan princess that he had been once so f**king proud to give her?

The thought of losing Misty in battle was more than enough to send him to his knees, and Domenico knew then and there that he would do everything in his power to keep Misty safe - even if it meant tearing his own heart in the process.

She frowned when all Domenico did was stare at her. "Domenico?"

He pulled himself together with an effort. Only with Misty was he so unmanned...but never again. He had to be stronger than this. He had to protect her and never fail her again like he had once failed Danilo. While Misty had remained unconscious in bed, that was all Domenico could think of. His brother had died because of his ineptitude, and it felt like the past all over again with Misty.

He managed a smile, not wanting Misty to worry over him. "Why are you asking me that when I'm not the one who fainted?"

She said insistently, her unhappy frown darkening, "But you don't look good. Something's wrong---"

Domenico didn't answer. He didn't have to, not when his full-alert senses had heard the footsteps of the two other Caros that had taken them in for the night. With Misty unconscious, it would be impossible to search for the portal leading to the Faerie realm. Its shields kept the realm invisible to those who were not granted immediate access by the High Circle, and Misty - not Domenico - was the one who had such access.

Since the stronghold of the Caros was much nearer, Domenico had accepted the boys' offer readily, not willing to risk another attack if he were to travel back to the Moretti compound.

Someone knocked on the door. "That would be my companions," Luka murmured as he went to the door to open it.

Misty took a good look at Domenico, her eyes narrowing when she saw relief in Domenico's face. He was hiding something for her, she was sure of it. She glared. "This is not over."

He blinked, a little surprised and then laughed softly. "You know me too well now, sweetheart."

"And I will know you even better," Misty promised, stammering in the end because she felt she was being too forward. But she couldn't help it. Everything was just so glaringly clear now that she couldn't wait for things to change...for her to start living again.

Misty waited for Domenico's reaction to his words. She expected him to be shocked, teasing---but what she totally did not expect was for a shuttered expression to fall over his beautiful face, creating a sudden distance between them.

The other second in command entered first, which Domenico approved of because it meant he was well trained. Alliance or not, there was no reason for any of them to risk their leader's safety in today's treacherous times.

Misty curiously observed the two other boys entering her room although the term 'boy' was stretching it. They appeared to be seventeen or eighteen years old like Luka, but even so there was no denying the strength and maturity in the way they stood and gazed back at her and Domenico.

They had fought brilliantly during the battle, never hesitating, never losing courage. But they also reminded her a little of Kevin, when he was younger, which was why she couldn't help blurting out, "Aren't you all too young to be hunting for vampires?"

The dark-haired boy with a charming grin - the one who had even flirted with her during the battle - answered with twinkling eyes, "We're old where it counts." And the way his gaze trailed down her body made her blush.

Domenico growled.

If anything, that only appeared to make the boy more flirtatious. "Just one kiss, beautiful, and I'm very sure you won't think of me as a boy."

Domenico took a step forward, and even though Misty couldn't help giggling at the boy's outrageous antics, she still reached out for Domenico's hand, pulling him back. "Domenico, behave."

He looked at her. "I will if they will."

When she looked back at the Caros, the dark-haired charmer was gaping while even his aloof-looking companion was gazing at Domenico with a raised eyebrow.

"Is this her?" His head snapped back to Misty with a groan. "Oh, man, you're Misty Wall, the human he married, aren't you?"

"Umm---" He was saying her name like she was some kind of urban legend. Not the cool kind, though. It was more like the murderous axe-carrying kind.

The boy grimaced. "Domenico Moretti's prowess in the bedroom is..." He threw his hands up, as if there was no word to describe just how good Domenico was at sex. "Let's just say he's even famous in Caro society. If you are the girl he's rumored to be in love with, I know he's pulled out all the stops with you."

"Ah..." She didn't know if she should start blushing or laughing. This conversation was honestly one of the weirdest she had in her life.

He sighed. "I stand no chance." He glanced at Domenico, his gaze almost worshipful. "I've heard about the things you did. Like that one night when you were surrounded with ten succubi---"

Domenico coughed.

The boy sighed again. "You are my god."

Domenico said dryly, "So do not hit on your god's woman, boy."

When Domenico glanced at Misty, she said just as dryly, "Ten succubi?"

Color stained his high-boned cheeks. "It was..."

"The best display of manliness," the dark-haired boy said fervently.

"Stefano, enough," Luka said exasperatedly. "Your Highness, allow me to introduce them. This is Stefano Mancetti. And this---" He gestured to the aloof-looking boy with piercing gold eyes. "---is Riyu Delicazzi. He owns this property. They are also serving the Brethren, and the three of us had been scouring the Midways after receiving reports about possible vampire activity in the area."

"So you really do hunt vampires," Misty murmured, trying not to be worried for their sake...but it was impossible. Mothering her siblings all these years had turned her into a permanent worrywart. "Do your parents know about what you do?"

"Our age does not hinder us," the one called Riyu answered. His voice was extremely cold and she tried not to smirk because it reminded her of how Domenico usually sounded in the early days she had known him.

Domenico leaned close. "I know what you're thinking," he told her warningly, "And it's not true."

This time, she really smirked.

Riyu appeared impatient, continuing, "Caros mature early. We are allowed to have minor positions at age sixteen. You can say that our minds are sharper than Lyccans."

Misty blinked at Domenico. "Did he just say we're stupid?"

Domenico knew it was wrong, but he still felt f**king glad to hear how she had referred to them as 'we'. Even though she had spent the last sixteen months in the care of Faeries, Misty considered herself as a Lyccan still.

Luka interceded smoothly, "As you can see, we need help in public relations. We have bad superiority complexes." Both Misty and Domenico noticed the way he stepped on Riyu's foot at the end.

"It's true," Stefano affirmed cheerfully.

Riyu did not say anything.

Despite everything, she couldn't help smiling. The three's interaction reminded her of how her siblings acted when they were together, and she couldn't help warming up to them. "Thank you for helping us back there. If there's anything I can do for you guys---"

Stefano opened his mouth to answer, took one look at Domenico's forbidding expression, and snapped his mouth shut. He sighed.

Riyu started, "We do not need---"

Luka stepped on his foot again.

Riyu winced. "---compensation because it is our honor to help you." Then he turned to Luka with a glare. "Satisfied?"

Luka didn't even look at him, was again smiling at Misty and Domenico. "We will leave you to retire for the night. Tomorrow, we will make sure to add our human soldiers to your escort when you journey back to the Faeries' realm."

Domenico said simply, "I am in your debt."

Luka answered calmly, "We will always bear that in mind."

And then they were gone. When the door closed behind them, she exhaled, only realizing that she had been holding her breath throughout that final exchange. "Those boys...they're like heirs of pack leaders in Caro society?"

Domenico nodded. "Riyu Delicazzi will be running for head of the Brethren on the next elections."

"At his age?" she gasped.

"You heard them. They mature early."

"And they die early, too? Is that it?"

Domenico grinned briefly. "It is just how they are. Caros do not like being coddled. They consider any sentimental attachment a weakness." Seeing her curiosity, he added, "I have been conferring with the three since they were fourteen."

"Fourteen?" Misty yelped. Dear God! What kind of race was Caros that they didn't even allowed their kids to be kids? She shuddered. "If we have kids, I'm definitely not letting them date Caros." And then she realized what she had just said out loud.

Her eyes flew to Domenico, but he was studiously avoiding her gaze, acting as if she hadn't committed the most embarrassing faux pas. Misty knew she should be happy about it, but she wasn't.

She had thought about having kids with him. Domenico was secretly stunned although he made sure that none of his feelings was visible on his face. The realization was bittersweet. A part of him was filled with triumph, urging him to take her now, and his c**k shot up just at the thought of pouring his seed inside her and creating life in her womb.

But another part of him shied away from the thought, telling him it was futile because he did not deserve to have Misty in his future.

When she reached out to him, Domenico instinctively took a step back. He saw Misty whiten at his reaction, her arm falling back limply on her side as she gazed at him questioningly. "Domenico?" He could see her visibly struggling to keep him from seeing her hurt, but that was futile, too.

She was his other half, and he knew everything about her.

But it did not mean they were destined together.

"I need to speak with Riyu. You will be okay here?" In his effort to keep Misty from learning how much it hurt to deny himself of her company, especially when she appeared willing, Domenico ended up unconsciously sounding cold.

The icy tone of his voice made Misty falter even more. "I..." She wanted to say so many things but she lost her courage when Domenico continued to gaze at her with inscrutable green eyes. No, it was worse than inscrutable - he appeared indifferent. Impersonal. She nodded jerkily. "Yes, I'll be okay."

He nodded before swiftly leaving the room.

For a long moment, she could only stare at the door as it closed behind him, unable to believe that he really was leaving her just like that. In the past, he never failed to take advantage of any situation that left her alone with him. In the past, Domenico would have done his best to seduce her...to woo her with sweet, sexy words...by now, she should have been pushed down on the bed, his c**k sinking inside her, and her legs wrapped tightly around his h*ps as they cried out each other's names.

But this was not the past.

This was the present, and never had it been so painful and confusing.

Domenico loved her, didn't he?

So why was this happening? And - whatever this was - why was she letting it happen without doing anything to fight for her chance to have Domenico back? Was she going to be a wimp forever?

The thought gave her the strength and courage she needed to take action, and Misty determinedly pushed herself off the bed. The world spun a little with the first few steps she took, but she stubbornly continued. It took a while but she managed to cross the room and open the door.

A pair of guards bearing the Lyccan Council's colors was standing outside, and they immediately bowed at seeing her. "Do you know where I may find Riyu Delicazzi? Domenico is supposed to be speaking with him and I want to speak with my husband."

She got the same reaction from the guards, and the incredulity in their gazes hurt because Misty had a feeling that they both believed that she had coldly thrown Domenico away. If she felt so bad seeing that, how much worse could it be for Domenico? How many times did he have to listen to other Lyccans talk about him behind his back, to laugh at him for having his wife leave him for another race?

One of the guards escorted her down and into a hallway that she assumed led to Riyu's office. This time, a pair of guards she assumed to be Caros were stationed on each side of the double doors. They bowed upon seeing her before one of them knocked on the door and went in to announce her presence.

The door opened again and out came Riyu, a puzzled look on his face. "Can I help you, princess?"

Despite the heaviness in her heart, she couldn't help smile at how arrogant the boy was. Misty could literally hear the small 'p' in the way he called her 'princess', as if reminding her that they were of the same rank. He really was so much like Domenico - and she had no doubt this was how Domenico had acted in his younger days.

"Is Domenico inside? He said he was going to talk to you."

The frown deepened. "As far I know, princess, he went back to his room."

"Oh." For a moment, all she could do was stare at Riyu, lost as to what to do.

A barely perceptible sigh escaped his lips. "Would you like me to escort you to his quarters, princess?"

Even as she blushed, Misty said, "If it's no trouble?" It was embarrassing to let Riyu know that she was seeking Domenico's company at this time of the night. The conclusion to that was practically inevitable. But she really didn't care. She needed to see Domenico tonight and talk things out with him.

"As you wish," Riyu replied after giving her a long, considering look. He dismissed her Lyccan escorts and she followed him back up, all the way to the fourth floor. He gestured to the first door to the left.

"Thank you," she told him.

He cocked his head to the side in acknowledgment but did not move an inch, as if waiting to see what she would do next.

Blushing harder, she went to where Domenico was supposed to be and knocked on the door.

There was no answer.

She said shakily, "Domenico?"

There was still no answer.

Her hand shook as she tried one last time, knocking and calling his name once more.

But still Domenico didn't come.

She rattled the door knob. "Domenico?" Misty couldn't believe he really was shutting her out.

Silence remained as her answer.

Misty heard Riyu say quietly behind her, "Perhaps he's already asleep?"

"Yes," she managed to whisper. "Maybe...he's asleep." She turned back to Riyu, smiling even as she felt her eyes sting with tears. Domenico was a Lyccan, and it would have been impossible for him to miss her knock or her calling out his name.

As Riyu and Misty gazed at each other, his face bland, hers pale, the truth of the matter was like a silent scream only both of them could hear.

Domenico hadn't opened the door because he was dead to the world.

Domenico hadn't opened the door because Misty was dead to him.

Inside his room, Domenico knew the moment Misty started to cry, the sound and scent of her tears easily reaching him and twisting his heart into pieces.

Chapter Eleven

Misty's face was bleached of color when she showed up for breakfast the next morning, escorted by another pair of Lyccan guards. Without any makeup at her disposal, Misty was unable to conceal the fact that her eyes were swollen and underlined with dark bags. Earlier, a Caro guard had knocked on her door, giving her a parcel containing a fresh change of clothes. It was from Riyu, according to the note attached, and she was welcomed to them only if she didn't mind the fact that the clothes were from his late sister.

She didn't mind, but she did quietly recite a prayer for the soul of Riyu's sister. The dress was beautiful and silky, with a sweetheart neckline, capped sleeves, and a skirt that fell a little past her knees.

The three Caro boys were at the table when she came down, and they immediately stood up as she walked towards them. There was no sign of Domenico, though.

"I hope you're feeling better now, Princess?" Luka asked.

Stefan pulled out a chair for her. "It would be my honor to have you seated next to me, Princess."

Riyu grunted.

She had to smile. The three had acted exactly the way she thought they'd act. Breakfast was pleasant, particularly because no one made mention of Domenico even though she had a strong gut feeling Riyu had told the others what happened last night.

When they finished breakfast, Luka said quietly, "Your escort is waiting outside whenever you are ready, Princess."

Hands twisted with worry on her lap, Misty nevertheless managed to say in a calm voice, "I'm ready." And she was. If Domenico thought she would give up without asking him what had suddenly made him change towards her then he didn't really know her.

She wasn't the same old Misty. Maybe she wasn't that much of an optimist anymore, but she was still stubborn and she believed in herself more - or at least enough to think she still had a chance with Domenico. They just had to talk first.

The three were more subdued upon escorting her out of the hall. At the front door, she paused, turning to the boys with a hesitant smile. "I just want to thank you all again for helping us."

"It was our honor." Luka bowed.

"It was my pleasure." Stefan winked.

Luka cleared his throat.

Riyu sighed. "Princess, as part of the Alliance, we are obliged---"

Luka stepped on his foot.

Riyu glanced at her.

She gazed back at him.

A smile slowly formed on his lips. "You're nothing like I imagined Domenico Moretti's woman would be, princess."

Misty tried not to take offense even though he said it like she was the worst possible choice that Domenico could ever make.

He beckoned her to follow him. "Come. I have something to show you."

Luka and Stefan exchanged glances and they simultaneously smiled afterwards.

Misty's senses prickled. "Are you guys planning something?"

Stefan grinned. "Just go follow Riyu."

"But---"

"Please." Luka said it very politely, but there was no doubting it was a command as well.

Sheesh. Misty was starting to feel glad she was going to leave this place. Spending another day surrounded with arrogant mini-Domenicos would surely drive her crazy.

Riyu was waiting for her impatiently when she came to his study. "Come," he ordered.

She rolled her eyes. "Does the fact that I'm several years older mean anything to you?"

"It does," Riyu said seriously, his eyes on the monitor, a smile still on his lips. "It means you will die earlier."

Misty burst into laughter.

He gestured for her again. "Princess, move more quickly."

"Okay, okay---oww!" The shining rays of the sun that greeted her from the LCD monitor were so bright that Misty had to squint. Weren't Caros supposed to be weak against sunlight? So how was it that they were living in a place where there didn't seem any shortage---

She squinted again and then another. Misty gasped. The shining light wasn't coming from the sun - or at least not directly. Rather it was the reflection of sunlight bouncing from the shiny steel armors worn by a hundred-strong army.

Ninety percent of the army were Lyccans, and she easily recognized the colors of the different packs, something she had taken time to study when she had worked at Lyccan Hall. There were the black-and-silver shades of the Morett pack and the blue-and-white shades of the Cavalier pack. There were also the colors of the Fontabellas, the Buenaventuras, and even the Fiarinos.

And next to them was a small army of...

Misty frowned.

Perhaps this was the contingency of human soldiers that Luka mentioned last night?

What were they all doing here?

Thud! The entire army suddenly split into two in simultaneous action, and her heart literally stopped beating when she saw Domenico dressed also for battle as he walked between the two halves, barking out his commands. Domenico looked powerfully invincible and so wonderfully gorgeous that he simply took her breath away. Gone was his dashing billionaire persona, and it was replaced entirely by the Lyccan warrior that he was born to be.

Pack leader or not, Domenico Moretti was a man that was born to lead.

He raised his hand, and the entire army moved in synchrony once more, their boots landing hard on the ground as they twisted to face Domenico.

When he spoke, it was in a cold steely voice, and the words he uttered made Misty's entire body shake.

"You are here to protect Misty Wall."

"Yes, sir."

"I want your senses on full alert. No threat is too small to overlook."

"Yes, sir."

"If there is anything - anyone - that you feel is a threat..." Domenico's face hardened, and Misty had no doubt any opponent of Domenico unfortunate enough to see that look on his face would have quaked in fear.

"Eliminate the threat."

"Yes, sir."

Beside her, Riyu said blandly, "He might have been asleep last night, princess, but I think it's safe to say that he was dreaming of you."

She couldn't speak, only managing to nod because she was too busy crying.

~~~

Both Misty and Domenico remained stiff, quiet, and tense, almost paranoid in their vigilance as they and the entire army under Domenico's command crossed the Midways. After last night's attack, the foggy highway no longer felt nostalgic to Domenico or even to Misty, who had once been fond of hearing stories about the bustling activity that used to take place in the area.

Now, it felt haunted and desecrated, and the fog no longer felt wonderfully cool. Now it felt chilly, a blanket where monsters might be lurking from behind.

"I've been thinking..." Misty was the first one to break the silence. "Didn't you tell me the Midways were supposed to be safe from vampires?"

Domenico nodded curtly. "It had never been invaded by vampires or any other evil creature in the past. But...the Midways have always been mysterious. It's almost like it's a living creature, and it's been around forever. There's really no way to understand every aspect of it."

"If the Midways...which we thought was safe...have become possible for the vampires to attack, then...don't you think it's the same for the Faeries' realm?" When Domenico didn't answer, she looked up, intending to repeat the question.

The words died in her throat at the look on his face.

It was as if death was imminent...for the Faeries.

Worry squeezed Misty's heart. "I need to do something," she muttered even as she told herself not to succumb to panic. "When we get to the realm, I will request for a meeting with the High Circle and...would you come with me?" Misty couldn't keep her voice from shaking. Her mind was tortured by images of faeries battling against vampires, and it was horrible - every image was horrible because none of it ended with victory at their side.

Misty couldn't let that happen. She wouldn't, and she was determined to do everything she could to protect the race that had taken her in when she had been so badly hurt and broken.

"Misty."

She looked up at Domenico, unable to hide the fear in her eyes.

"I will always protect you."

Misty nodded. She believed in Domenico, but...who would protect the Faeries?

Once they reached the realm and got past the shields, Misty wasted no time, sending missives to all members of the High Circle requesting for an urgent meeting. When she reached the tower of the Main Hall, Lysander was already there, dressed in yet another outfit that almost but not quite drowning in lace.

There was, however, nothing g*y with the way he swiftly walked to her side, and there was no denying the strength in his grip as he pulled her into his arms, taking Misty by surprise.

In truth, his own actions surprised Lysander, too. It was only this morning that his spies had reported to him about last night's vampire attack on Misty and Domenico in the Midways, and never had he been filled with so much fear.

Could this be what those damn fools were talking about? Was he f**king in love? Lysander still wasn't sure, but all he was certain of was that he had been so f**king afraid for Misty.

He cupped her face, his voice uneven as he asked, "Are you all right, my pretty?"

She had forgotten how beautiful Lysander was. This close to him, it was hard not to feel a little dazzled, especially with the way his eyes were shining. "I'm okay," she stammered.

"You must never leave this realm again without me, Misty."

The way Lysander kept staring at Misty started to make her feel uncomfortable, and something nagged at her. "It's okay, Lysander. I'm okay. I was with Domenico."

His lips compressed. "And look at how well he had protected you!"

She stiffened. "Lysander, he had protected me!"

"There wouldn't have been any trouble if he hadn't made you leave our realm in the first place," he snarled.

Misty pushed away. "Why are you acting like this?"

Misty's words acted like a bucket of cold water, and Lysander was silently aghast at how much he had allowed his disguise to slip. "I'm sorry," he managed to say. "I was only truly worried about you. After losing my family in the Great War, you are the first person I cared for that I had almost lost again."

His words melted her anger right away. How could she have forgotten how much Lysander had suffered because of the Great War? Rushing back to him, she tiptoed to give her friend a quick heartfelt hug. "I'm sorry, too. I'm just really troubled..." Misty pulled away. "I have something urgent to tell the High Circle, Lysander. And I need your support."

Lysander did not want to deny Misty anything, and he would have readily given her anything...but this. "I will do the best I can." He could see that he had disappointed Misty, but he did not take the words back.

His race was still his first priority because Lysander owed the realm his life.

~~~

The High Circle was unlike the Brethren or the Lyccan Council. Whereas both Caros and Lyccans selected their leaders on the basis of their power and ability to lead, it appeared as if the High Circle relied on the strength of their members' blood. It was an oligarchy of sorts, wherein only those with the purest lineage could reign.

And of course that made the High Circle a f**king mess in Domenico's opinion.

Personally, he had nothing against purebloods. He was one himself, with the Moretti pack one of the oldest in Lyccan history. But that did not mean Domenico consider purebloods perfect. The Fiarinos' lineage was as pure and ancient as his was, but that pack had already produced two traitors to their race.

Domenico stood at the edge of the room, positioning himself in such a way that he would be close enough to protect Misty from any threat while at the same time being able to observe the entire room. He could see that his presence made some of the members edgy, and he couldn't blame them. The Faeries had existed in isolation for so long that their lives had bred xenophobic tendencies among them.

And that of course was another f**king bomb waiting to explode on them.

No race could ever exist alone. Domenico could only hope that the Faeries would not need to survive another Great War to learn that.

Magenta walked to the center of the circle, raising her hand for silence. "We have been called here to listen to Misty Wall." She gestured to Misty.

Domenico's heart swelled with pride as he watched Misty walk slowly and gracefully to where Magenta stood, with not even a flicker of fear in her eyes as she gazed at the members one by one.

Her voice didn't even shake as she recounted the attack they had survived last night, even as the Faeries gasped and whispered among themselves. Domenico studied every member's attention, not ruling out the possibility that one of them could have been behind the attack.

Lysander and Milo's faces were inscrutable. Ivory's was filled with horror while Magenta had a concentrated frown on her face.

"And now..." Misty took a deep breath. Telling them what happened to her and Domenico was the easy part. Convincing the Faeries to act was the difficult part.

"If the Midways can be infiltrated, then how sure are we that the realm cannot be infiltrated the same way? We cannot afford to wait here and play it safe. We cannot be satisfied with merely defending our realm. We must move forward and take them by surprise. We must launch an attack, striking them when they least expect it. More lives are put at stake the longer we delay."

"How can we attack when our soldiers are not even finished with training?" an old woman cried out.

"We have our allies," Misty answered. "They will help us. But we cannot waste time. So many Faeries are afraid - I've seen it for myself - but I don't think they're afraid enough. I don't think they're taking this threat seriously enough. We need to make everyone realize that surviving is not a certainty. We have to work hard at learning not just how to defend ourselves. We need to learn how to attack - and if we have to, we must learn how to kill if it's all it takes not to get killed."

The woman seated at Ivory's right said, "That's very nicely said, Misty Wall, but how can we be very sure that you will truly represent our interests when we sign the Alliance?"

Domenico's body became taut at the woman's words. That was an insult as far as he was concerned, and his hand instinctively went towards the dagger he kept hidden on his body, preparing to strike down whoever dared to hurt Misty.

Lysander shot to his feet. "That is uncalled for, Arabella. Misty has never done anything to earn your distrust---"

"Likewise - she's never done anything to earn our trust!" the woman shot back.

Lysander and Arabella stared at each other, both unwilling to back down.

Misty could feel her panic rising. She had never thought that her loyalty would become an issue, but then - wasn't that terribly naive of her? Of course the Faeries had the right to doubt her, and Domenico being her would only make things appear more suspicious.

Ivory cleared her throat. "If I may suggest something---"

Magenta gestured for her to speak.

"If it is only Misty's allegiance that is troubling us then there is an easy way to resolve it." She paused. "Well, two, actually."

Misty didn't want to hear it. She still didn't like the way Ivory secretly looked at Domenico, her damsel-in-distress persona melting away as she hungrily devoured Domenico with her doe eyes.

"There is nothing to prove," Lysander said coldly.

"There is everything to prove," Arabella snapped. She looked at Ivory. "Go on, tell us what you feel is a good way to resolve this."

Ivory said slowly, "If she truly feels she is a part of our race then she must seal it with something indelible."

Every pair of eyes in the High Circle's chamber swung to her.

Master, it is time, Ivory thought.

Yes, the Master hissed. It is time.

Ivory didn't even blink to acknowledge the Master's answer. She said softly, "Misty can turn into a Faerie...or she could betroth herself to Lysander Allard instead."

Domenico stood beside Misty in an instant, his heart racing with desperate fear. Yes, he had wished this. It was why he had done his best to push Misty away. But now that he was faced with the possibility of truly getting his wish---

It was impossible.

He had been a f**king fool to think he could let Misty go for a second time --- especially if it meant that another man would have her.

"Misty." His fists clenched at his side. He wanted to spin her around so she would look at him and so he could see in her eyes what she really wanted. But he did not move. He did not want the same mistakes to happen, did not want to undermine or humiliate Misty in any way again.

Misty was torn apart inside at the dilemma she was suddenly facing.

She closed her eyes, wishing there was a way out of it but already knowing what the answer would be.

When she opened her eyes, she could feel Domenico's body practically vibrating with tension. Her gaze strayed towards Lysander, who was also on his feet, his jaw clenched hard. Nothing g*y at all about him, she mused absently, when he looked so serious.

"What do you think, Misty?" Ivory asked ever so softly.

Bitch. That was what Misty thought of her. It was unlike her to think something like that, but it was the only word that she could think of.

"I, too, am interested to hear what you have to say," Magenta said slowly, almost reluctantly.

Misty lifted her chin. "I am willing to betroth myself to Lysander Allard if he takes---"

Lysander cut her off with four simple words. "I will marry you."

Chapter Twelve

"Wait!" Misty anxiously went after Domenico, who had stalked out of the High Circle's chamber the moment the meeting ended.

But still he continued to walk farther and farther away from her, as if not hearing her call out his name repeatedly.

"Domenico, wait!" But he was too fast and she knew it would be impossible to catch up with him. She stood there, hesitating, and decided impulsively that there was nothing to lose if she tried being as manipulative as Domenico was.

"Oww!" Misty pretended to trip and began hobbling away for good measure.

Domenico was on her side in an instant.

She pushed him away. "No!"

"Don't be stubborn."

"Go away!"

"Let me just take you to your house," he said as he swept her up in his arms.

"I don't need you to do this."

"Don't worry," Domenico said coolly. "I'll leave you the moment I get you into your house safely."

Misty kept herself stiff in his arms all the way to her house. "You can let me down now," she muttered when they reached her front door.

Domenico didn't even bother to answer her, simply turning the knob and letting himself inside. When he started for her room, she took that as her cue to start struggling.

"Stop it!" Domenico did his best to maintain an unemotional tone even though his emotions were raging inside him. Last night she had been practically begging for his company and now she couldn't bear his touch? What the f**k? Did this mean she had been stringing him all along, and now she was going to f**king kick him out of her life because she could finally have Lysander Allard?

"Put me down! I can do this." She struggled harder as they reached her bedroom.

The contempt in her tone made Domenico so furious that he strode into her room, intent on taking her to bed when all he wanted to do originally was get her to the bedroom.

Misty made her move the moment Domenico lowered her to the bed. She pulled him down, taking him by surprise, and she wrapped herself around him as her lips covered his.

Domenico stiffened.

She kissed him harder, willing him to open his lips even as she pressed herself against him closer, her ni**les pricking his chest.

Domenico tried to pull away. "What the f**k---"

Misty pulled him back and kissed him again, more desperately this time, trying to communicate without words how much she loved him. She could have wept the moment she realized he had given in, his lips finally opening, and his tongue coming out to taste her. Immediately he became the aggressor and she joyously surrendered herself to him, loving the way he took command.

Domenico tore their clothes away, and Misty was glad that he did so. She was just as feverish as he was in her need, and she moaned loud and long when he came back to her, their na**d bodies brushing against each other.

"You're soaking wet," he gritted out as his fingers came in contact with her moist sex.

She arched herself invitingly towards him, shamelessly rubbing her core against his long, hard fingers. Misty moaned again as Domenico's lips moved down, sucking her neck, biting her shoulder, licking her chest, and she cried out at the sharp pleasure that struck her body when Domenico cupped one breast to feed him her nipple.

She gripped his hair tightly just as she pushed herself up. Domenico obligingly followed her silent demand, sucking her nipple harder and she twisted under him, loving the exquisite torture that his mouth wreaked on her body. Below, his fingers continued to play with her folds, tracing but not quite entering. She parted her legs wide open, hoping she could get his fingers inside but still Domenico resisted, as if determined to prolong her sensual agony.

"Misty." He couldn't help growling her name as his thumb brushed back and forth against her clit.

She dug her nails into his shoulders in answer.

His body bucked at the sensation, and his fingers slid home.

Misty gasped, and the sound was the most beautiful thing he had heard for a long time.

"Tell me you want me." Domenico was stunned when she shook her head.

And then her lips parted. I love you, she mouthed instead.

"Fuck." Domenico pulled his fingers free so he could wet his cock, lining the folds of her flesh and making sure that the head of his c**k rhythmically nudged her clit.

She gasped.

Their eyes met. I love you.

He groaned, desire taking over, his control snapping. He shoved his c**k all the way in, his hands moving under her body to grip her beautiful tight ass and lifting her up so he could enter her more deeply.

Misty gasped, biting her lip to stop herself from crying out his name. She closed her eyes at the beauty of it, at the remembered beauty of it, and she cried because now she knew that this meant the same thing for them both.

She cupped his face, crying. I love you.

His green eyes burning fiercely as he gazed down at her, he mouthed, I love you.

Oh.

Misty's body shuddered. Never had she imagined he would say the words back this early and without even questioning her after she had just promised to betroth herself to another man. She pulled him back down, loving the familiar heavy press of his weight. She dug her nails into his ass, urging him to move.

Domenico needed no second urging, and she closed her eyes again, biting her lip to keep herself from screaming at the pleasure of Domenico's fast and furious pounding. More, please, more. And Domenico obliged, his c**k thrusting in and out of her like an unstoppable force.

Domenico felt so thick, so wonderfully hard, and it had been so unbearably long that Misty knew she was moments away from coming. Oh, please, harder, faster, please.

Domenico bent his head down, teeth clamping on her nipple, biting it the same time his fingers pinched her cl*t and his c**k entered her in another earth-shatteringly hard thrust.

Misty's lips parted in a silent scream as she exploded. Domenico's h*ps moved faster, coming just a moment later, his own body shuddering on top of her as he pumped his come into her. She shivered, the warmth of his essence filling her. She wrapped her legs more tightly around him, wanting to keep everything of Domenico inside her.

Domenico lifted his head.

She gazed at him, still not speaking.

Resting his weight on one bent arm, he lifted his hand to push wet strands of her hair away. And then he pressed a soft kiss to her forehead. I love you. His lips brushing against her cheek told her that, and tears stung her eyes.

Domenico felt her fingers graze his back. They started to move.

T.R.U.S.T.

The fingers paused.

M.E.

His heart clenched. For almost his entire life, he had trusted no one, choosing to depend on himself alone because his father's childhood betrayal had cut him deeply. But his life had changed when Misty came into it. She had taught him to forgive, to love, and yes to trust.

One large part of him was filled with fear. What if this was all an elaborate plan for Misty to take her revenge on him? It was not an entirely far-fetched idea, considering how much he had hurt her.

But there was also the part of him that wanted her back, at any cost. If risking his pride, his heart --- even his life --- would give Domenico the chance to have her back again, then so be it.

Misty couldn't help tensing when Domenico pulled away.

Their gazes locked.

Slowly, he nodded. She choked back a sob. He was going to trust her.

~~~

Misty woke up early. For a moment she allowed herself to remember last night's lovemaking, her body aching in remembered need and her heart nearly bursting as she imagined Domenico, na**d on top of her, his beautiful face rapt in attention with her as he silently told her he loved her.

She closed her eyes.

Domenico Moretti loved him.

This time, she truly believed it.

And this time, she was going to do her best to protect that love.

She opened her eyes, tracing the pillow next to her and which had cradled Domenico's head when he slept next to her. But Domenico had left in the middle of the night, knowing without her telling him that it was best to keep their reunion a secret.

Misty's fingers encountered something under the pillow and she pulled out a note.

Will you marry me again? - D

She wanted to cry. Soon, Domenico, soon.

Last night had been the only way to convince Domenico that she had a plan. But Misty dared not say it out loud, some kind of sixth sense telling her that the realm of the Faeries was no longer the safe haven it once was. The walls had ears now, and news had wings tainted with betrayal. Treachery was afoot - but she knew it would be stupid to say anything unless she had actual proof.

After a quick shower and breakfast, Misty began searching for Lysander and found him minutes later practicing at the courtyard. For a while, she frowned while observing his movements. He looked less and less g*y these days, and she wondered why it was so. Did he feel he had to pretend he was a man so that their so-called betrothal would be more believable? Misty didn't have to be told of how ambitious Lysander was, of how dedicated he was to his race. If he thought a betrothal to her would better his chances of leading the High Circle then he would take it.

Lysander finally noticed her standing at the edge of the courtyard. He smiled at her, and she smiled back. He laughed when she lifted a lace parasol up and snap it open.

"You are a little too late in protecting me from the sun today," he said wryly.

"I would have been here earlier if you had told me you were finally going to practice with your sword." She paused. "You look more at home using it than I imagined, though."

"Every Faerie is a born swordsman...or swordswoman."

Misty nodded although to her that didn't ring quite true.

Lysander tipped her chin up. "You look different."

She did her best not to blush, knowing that it was a night of hot, beautifully drugging sex that had her cheeks blooming and her lips rosy. She cleared her throat. "Lysander, we have to talk."

He shook his head.

She was startled. "Excuse me?"

He grinned. "I didn't say anything."

Misty rolled her eyes. "You're acting like a kid."

"Am I?" His smile was almost as blinding as Domenico.

She blinked.

Lysander laughed. He left her momentarily to return his sword to its scabbard and gave it to another soldier. "Shine it then return it to me in person." When he looked back at Misty, she was frowning at him in confusion.

"Lysander," she began.

"Yes?"

"I need to talk to you really."

He knew that. And he had a feeling that he also knew what she was about to say. His chest felt tight. Had it only been a few days when Misty had first come into his life? He had been so arrogant then, thinking that he could have her in his bed. Instead, she had ended up taking his heart.

Misty cocked her head to the side in confusion. "You're acting weird."

Was he? Maybe. Love did feel weird to him.

"Lysander---"

He said abruptly, "Be my slave for today."

Her eyebrows shot up.

"Do whatever I ask of you - and I promise it will always be something that won't harm you or anyone in any way - and if you agree, then I will listen to you tonight."

She bit her lip. It was such an odd request, and she just couldn't see what Lysander would get from it. "You promise?"

"I swear it on my parents' graves."

She said quickly, "Then it's a deal."

~~~

Domenico reread the missive uneasily. The atmosphere in the realm was fraught with fear, and in a way it explained why the Faeries wanted his army out of their world. Until their Alliance was firmly in place, they did have a right to distrust him and all the other outsiders.

But still he remained troubled.

"I hesitate to pressure you, Highness, but the High Circle is adamant that they leave immediately."

Domenico said finally, "It will be done."

Ivory curtsied, maintaining her bow a few seconds longer than usual but it did not even tempt a single gaze from the prince. Hiding her offended pride and rage behind another demure smile, she murmured, "Thank you for understanding, Highness." She paused. "I also just wanted to tell you...I'm sorry."

He raised a brow. "For what?"

"I had forgotten to consider your feelings when I suggested a betrothal between Lady Misty and Sir Lysander."

Domenico unconsciously crushed the missive in his hands. He cracked his knuckles several times, using it to will his rage away. "It was...her choice, and I respect it." But it better f**king be a part of a grander plan, Domenico thought, or all hell would break lose.

If it did turn out that Misty was indeed taking her revenge on him...

It did not matter.

He would still love her, and he would still want her to belong to him forever.

The rest of the day passed more quickly than he anticipated. Domenico had thought the time would pass slowly, with Misty not at his side, but instead he had been busy, having received additional reports from spies sent to him by Caros. The boys had spotted more vampire activity near the Midways, possibly heralding another surprise attack.

Did the vampires seek to ambush his army? Were they waiting for Domenico or Misty? It put him on edge, not knowing where they would strike. The vampires he had killed last year were organized but not in this scale. Hunting down Matteo's murderers had been more a matter of time but required little strategy. And yet this ---

"Do we head back home, Your Highness?" The lieutenant heading the Moretti army asked.

"No," he said finally. "Stay hidden in the Midways. I want you to be ready to go battle at the first cry."

The Main Hall rang with the noise of laughter and conversation when he came back, with the most esteemed Faeries gathered together for dinner. When he walked inside, the first thing he did was to look for Misty.

And what he saw made him stumble to a stop.

Misty was seated on Lysander's lap, a smile on her pretty face, and her arm around his neck as she opened her mouth to let him feed her.

Gay or not, that man did not have the f**king right to have his woman - his princess - on his lap.

Lysander fed her another bite. Misty giggled.

No.

It was as if she sensed his heart crying out to her, and her head turned sharply towards him, their eyes meeting.

For once, Misty's gray eyes were completely unreadable. And then she was looking away, smiling at Lysander again, her voice hitting his senses like a silken whip as she said huskily, "Feed me another."

Domenico turned away, almost losing his balance in his haste to get out. He didn't understand what was happening, but right now all he cared about was getting as far away as possible from the sight of Misty seated on another man's lap. She had asked him to trust her but to what extent? And for what reason? Was there even a f**king reason aside from revenge?

Outside the Main Hall, he struggled to breathe, feeling like the air around him was poisoned.

It took Domenico a while to realize that someone was calling his name.

He refocused his gaze, his chest still tight with pain. "Jayme?"

Jayme Cavalier's gaze narrowed as he studied the other man. "You almost appear happy to see me." And that was a hell of a shock. The last time they had met, Domenico had wished him to perdition for daring to flirt with his wife. Or rather his ex-wife now.

"I came to visit Misty," Jayme said by way of explanation.

Domenico jerked his head towards the Main Hall. "She is in there. You'll find her easily enough."

"Because she's the most beautiful woman inside?"

Because she was sitting on another man's f**king lap.

But Domenico couldn't bear the say the words out loud. He nodded jerkily. "I'll see you around."

Chapter Thirteen

"Jayme!" Misty jumped off Lysander's lap and ran to her friend. She knew it would seem as if she was extremely excited to see the Cavalier's heir apparent, but it was mostly because she just couldn't bear to spend another second longer sitting that close to a man - when that man wasn't Domenico.

He chuckled as she reached him, bending down to kiss her cheek. "What is it with this realm? First, it was Domenico looking practically happy to see me. And then you---did you miss me that much?"

Misty forgot what she had to say at the mention of Domenico. Oh God, she hadn't let herself think of how it would be for him to see her on Lysander's lap. She tried to rationalize it to herself at the start. The ends justifying the means and all that, but somehow it didn't feel right. She was beginning to appreciate how difficult it had been for Domenico to constantly balance his decisions and making sure that he would choose the lesser evil.

She forced a smile. "It's not the realm," she teased. "It's just you."

Jayme smiled back, but he had also noted the stiff set of her shoulders and knew something was wrong. "Care for a walk or would lover boy back there be jealous?"

Her eyes widened. "He's just a friend."

He raised a brow. "Really?"

She nodded quickly. With another smile, she said, "Let's walk?"

They walked towards her house since she also wanted to introduce Jayme to Daryl and Milo.

"Do you think you can tell me what's wrong now?"

Misty almost burst into tears. She said shakily, "Just like old times, hmm?"

"Misty, tell me," he said gently.

She shook her head. "I can't...not just yet."

He sighed. "All right. I won't pressure you. But - tell me at least this. Is that man---"

Misty said flatly, "Jayme - whatever you saw, it's not...he's g*y."

He stared at her for a moment and then he said just as flatly, "He's not."

"He is."

"Why are you so sure?"

"Daryl said so."

Jayme said grimly, "I think we should have a talk with your friend. Now."

They took a quick detour to get to Daryl and Milo's home. Daryl was the one to open the door. Before she could greet him, Jayme beat her to speaking. "Hello, I'm Jayme Cavalier - Misty's friend."

"I know you," Daryl said immediately, wide-eyed. When he had still been in Lyccan society, he had remembered how girls in his school sighed over him and made him their locker pinup crush.

"That's nice." And then without further ado, Jayme asked, "Is Lysander Allard g*y?"

Daryl made a face. "It's just a disguise."

Misty's eyes widened. "B-but you said he was!"

Daryl frowned. "I did?"

"Yes! The first day we saw---"

His face cleared up. "Oh, you mean when you were assigned as his Co-Ambassador? I was sarcastic, duh." Daryl's smile faded when he saw the horror on Misty's face. "You believed me?"

"I asked him several times, too," Misty said dully.

"He was lying," Jayme said grimly, "and I don't think he's lying without any reason."

She said slowly, "Jayme, is it okay if I leave you here for a moment? I have to..."

"Would you like me to accompany you?" Jayme asked quietly.

She shook her head. "No. This is just between me and him." Oh, oh God. She had thought he was g*y. Somehow, that had made things better...but now that she knew the truth. Oh my God, if Domenico ever found out---

~~~

Lysander's head snapped up when the door to this work chamber in the Main Hall flew open and a huffing Misty appeared at the doorway. He smiled at her, his chest easing like always every time he saw her. There was something infinitely relaxing about Misty, making him wish he could keep her by his side all the time.

"Misty---" His smile faded when she looked at him brokenly.

She knew.

"Why did you lie to me, Lysander?"

He walked towards her, and he could see that her first instinct was to move away from him. Somehow, that made him angry and he welcomed the rage because it allowed him to forget the guilt weighing on him.

"Come in and we'll talk."

She shook her head.

"Misty, I won't ask again," he said tightly.

"I just want to---" She let out a little cry when he moved with lightning speed, and the next thing she knew he had roughly pulled her inside while slamming the door shut.

"You're hurting me!"

He let her go with a curse. Lysander exhaled sharply. "I'm sorry."

She rubbed her wrist, knowing that there would be a bruise around it the next day. "Why did you lie to me?"

"Why do you think?"

"I don't know, Lysander. It's why I'm asking you."

"How can you not know?" he demanded. She opened her mouth to answer but he shook his head in angry frustration. "How could you be so f**king blind not to realize that I'm in love with you?"

Misty stumbled back against the door, unable to believe what Lysander had just said.

"You're not going to say anything?" He wanted to laugh as she continued to stare at him silently. For so many years, women had begged him to fall in love with them. For so many years, he had considered love as something only fools indulged in. And now that he had bitten the bullet, the only woman he had ever loved could not say a thing.

She could not say a thing because she was that...horrified.

Lysander closed the distance between them, and he felt her tremble as his hands landed on each side of her face, effectively imprisoning her in his arms. "I love you, Misty," he said raggedly. "Doesn't that mean anything to you?"

She looked at him sadly. "I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry, too."

Her eyes widened.

He kissed her. She started to struggle, but now that he had nothing to hide Lysander did not hesitate to use his strength to keep her in his arms. His lips forced hers to open, and as he started to kiss her more deeply the salty taste of her tears seeped in.

Lysander jerked away.

Misty covered her mouth, her eyes wide with horror as she stared back at him.

"GO!" Suddenly he was ashamed of himself. He had almost f**king forced himself on Misty! He had professed to love her and yet he hadn't even cared to listen to her and honor her.

She shook her head.

"What the f**k do you want, Misty? I get it. You don't love me. I'm sorry I forced myself on you, so now GO!"

She did want to go. She didn't like the fact that he had used force on her but even so she didn't hate him. Despite his lies, Lysander had been her friend and Misty didn't want to throw it away without even attempting to fix things between them.

"Lysander."

He flinched at hearing her call his name.

She whispered, "If you were made to choose between staying here in this realm and me, what would you choose?"

"What the f**k are you talking about?"

Misty smiled, pointing out tremulously, "Domenico did that for me, you know. He threw everything away just to be with me."

"I didn't f**king say no yet, did I?" he snarled.

"But Lysander, you didn't say yes either." She waited for her words to sink in and when Lysander lowered his head, she continued gently, "You're not in love with me, Lysander. I think...your heart had reached a point that it was ready to love and I was just at the right place and time."

"You're wrong," he said finally when she continued looking at him.

"I'm right and you'll soon know it for yourself. I promise you that." She walked back to his side, tiptoeing to kiss him on the cheek. When she pulled away, a twisted smile had touched his lips.

"Goodbye kiss?"

She shook her head. "Second chance kiss." As she opened the door without looking, Misty missed seeing Ivory turn around the corner, nearly running in her haste to ensure that she was not caught eavesdropping.

This was what she had been waiting for, Ivory thought. Finally, the Master's plans would be fulfilled.

~~~

Domenico was waiting at her front door and she hurried to him. She had this crazy urge to spill everything out, to cry on his shoulders and just let him fix everything that was wrong in her life.

He cupped her chin, his eyes hard as they scanned her face. "You've been crying," he accused.

Misty laughed. "And you're going to punish me if I was?"

"What happened?" he demanded.

She shook her head.

"Were you with Cavalier?"

She grasped the excuse desperately. "Yes."

Misty did not fool him one bit. Worse, he could smell Lysander's scent all over her, and it meant that she was lying to him. The knowledge nearly sent him to his knees. Was he really too f**king late? And was this all a f**king trap to avenge herself for the heartache he had caused her?

"Domenico?"

She looked so beautiful, so heartbreakingly innocent when she stared up at him like that.

It was too late.

It was just too f**king late.

Even if all this was a trap, the most elaborate of plots to hurt him, it no longer mattered. Domenico could not live without her. If allowing her to fool him would give him more time to spend with Misty, then he would take it with his eyes wide open, his heart ready to bleed.

She swallowed when Domenico still didn't answer. She couldn't help asking, "Domenico...you believe me, don't you?"

In answer, he pulled her close and kissed her hard. "It's more than that," he whispered, uncaring of whoever could hear them. "I don't just trust you, don't just love you." He breathed raggedly. "You are my life."

Chapter Fourteen

Misty woke up bleary-eyed for the second consecutive time, but she again managed to eat and shower in a hurry before knocking on Milo and Daryl's front door. Domenico had stated in no uncertain terms that Jayme Cavalier was not allowed to sleep in her house - "not even if he was taped and gagged on your living room floor" were his exact words.

Jayme was yawning when he opened the front door, but he was already fully dressed. "I would have stayed longer if not for my grandfather calling me back."

She grinned. "I'm thinking he misses all the fun caused by having a grandson playboy seducing all the women in his company."

"You have a point," Jayme said so seriously she burst out laughing.

He smiled. "There. Don't you feel better now?"

"Unfair! That's going to make me cry, you know?" She sniffed.

Jayme shook his head quickly. "Don't. Cry. I'm still hurting from the last time we got into a fight over you."

She gasped. "Did he hurt you?"

"No." He grimaced. "It's worse. He got my grandfather to send me on a real business trip and do actual work."

"Jayme!" But she couldn't help laughing.

He ruffled her hair. When her laughter died down, he said quietly, "You've forgiven him, right?"

She nodded.

"That's great." He glanced up at the sky with a frown, wondering if it was the right time to tell Misty that he had the oddest premonition of danger. The sky above him felt wrong...different. He knew how the realm's shields worked but even so - there was just not something right about today's sky.

"What is it?"

Jayme shook the thoughts away. "Nothing. Just...take care, okay?" He added seriously, "I mean it, Misty. Be careful."

She looked at him oddly but nodded. "I will. You take care, too."

"Say goodbye to Domenico for me."

She smiled. "Shall I kiss him goodbye for you, too?"

He shuddered. "Never."

Misty walked him all the way to the edge of the realm. The feeling of danger persisted, making his skin tingle, but Jayme did his best not to show it, not wanting Misty nervous for no concrete reason.

"Come back soon!"

The moment he stepped out of the realm, Jayme wasted no time running. He knew that somewhere behind the foggy regions of the Midways the entire Lyccan army was hiding. Maybe it would be overkill, but that was better than having innocents killed.

Misty would be in for a surprise. She had invited him to come back soon, and Jayme was taking her on her word - and much sooner than she would ever think, and he would not be alone.

~~~

Misty was about to walk back to the Main Hall when a Faerie servant rushed to her, handing Misty with a folded piece of paper that had her name written in the front. She unfolded it with a frown.

I'm sorry for lying. Please meet me one last time at the cave next to the brook. - Lysander

Dared she believe him? Dared she not?

In the end, she knew it was only right to give him another chance. She walked towards the meeting place Lysander had chosen, wincing once in a while as she tripped and twisted her feet the wrong way because of the heels she was wearing. For several times, Misty considered returning home just to change her shoes but knew it be too big a risk. Lysander could very well think she had rejected his plea and leave before she arrived.

She was about to cross the brook leading to the cave when a familiar feminine-sounding voice called her name.

Misty turned around, rearing back in surprise when she saw who it was. "Ivory?"

"Hello, Misty."

All at once she knew. Maybe it was the vicious gleam in Ivory's eyes that gave her away. In the end, it didn't matter. All Misty knew was that standing before her was the traitor that had led or at least helped in planning the vampires' ambush.

"What do you want, Ivory?"

"Not going to cry?" she jeered.

Misty didn't answer.

Ivory's laughter was a sharp scraping sound. "Perhaps later then? You will need to hear what I want you to do first." She gestured to the treetops.

Misty looked up, her heart slamming against her chest in terrified anticipation. And she was right to worry, Misty realized when she saw the numerous Faeries crouched on the branches, staring at her with murder in their eyes.

Traitors - all of them.

"In a few minutes Lysander will be coming here. Like you he had received a message but this time he will think it's from you. He'll think you have changed your mind. I want you to seduce him, Misty. I want you to give him what he wants. My warriors will be watching you and both of you will die with one wrong move. Do you understand?"

"Why are you doing this?" she whispered.

"That's none of your f**king business," Ivory hissed. "Just concentrate on being a slut for dear Lysander." She backed away with a crazy smile on her face. "Enjoy being taken."

"Misty?"

She whirled around, her heart sinking to see that it was indeed Lysander.

Domenico, please help me.

It was stupid to pray for him. He was a god, maybe, but he was not God. Even so, it felt so incredibly good to pray for Domenico's strength. He had been the strongest, the bravest person she had ever met and she wished it was possible to have even just a little of Domenico's courage so that she could figure a way out of Ivory's trap.

Lysander reached her side.

She couldn't delay any longer.

Domenico, please save me. It was her last thought before lifting her arms to curl around his neck and bringing him closer for a kiss.

~~~

Ivory's eyes were red-rimmed, with the Master's power coursing through her. It was an exhilarating feeling and she couldn't get enough of it. Even better, Ivory would get more of that power once she completed Master's plan.

But she had one last step to do.

"Your Highness!" Ivory pretended to gasp in exhaustion, her head falling down. "You must go to the forest and stop Sir Lysander from forcing himself on Lady Misty!" It was the very best excuse because she knew Domenico would only become suspicious if she mentioned Misty doing anything marginally immoral or even wrong.

"Where?" Domenico's body chilled at the thought of Misty being hurt. That f**king bastard better be gone or he would kill him with his bare hands.

"In the cave, near the---"

"I know it. Thank you," he said brusquely, striding past her without a glance.

Again, she burned with hatred at how easily Domenico Moretti ignored her.

This would be the last straw, though.

The next time they met, he would be a f**king slave, not even fit to kiss her feet.

Domenico's fear had him panting by the time he reached the edge of the brook. Ahead was the cave that he had once spirited Misty away from Lysander's hold. Before he could dive in a step, he caught sight of one familiar dark head.

Could it be---

He moved forward faster, not bothering to keep his movements silent. But still the figures did not move and finally he saw who it was.

It was Misty in Lysander's arms, her blouse unbuttoned and the sides hanging loose on her sides, Lysander sucking on her neck.

"Get the f**k away from her!" Domenico roared. He tried pulling Misty away as quickly as he could without hurting her, but she shocked him instead with the way she forcefully pushed him away. He fell back, unable to believe his worst fears were being confirmed.

No. This couldn't be happening. Misty loved him. He had to believe in her. He had to trust her like she asked.

More footsteps were heard, and Ivory slowly emerged, her face the perfect picture of shock as she took it all in.

Liar, Misty wanted to scream even as she stayed at Lysander's side, clutching her blouse together in an effort to keep herself covered.

"Highness, I'm sorry, I didn't know---I got it wrong!" Ivory exclaimed with a little sob. "I'm so sorry."

Domenico couldn't take his gaze off Misty. She was half-naked, with only her shirt on, her legs completely bare. "Misty, it's okay," he said rawly. "You don't have to explain anything. I won't...just please come here. We can fix this." His world shattered when even after those words she shook her head at him, tears in her eyes.

She was pleading him with her eyes, but what was she pleading for? For him to f**king leave her and Lysander to have their happily-ever-after?

"Didn't you tell me he's f**king g*y, Misty?"

She shook her head again, her voice scratchy as she said, "I....lied."

Domenico wanted to roar at the pain those two simple words caused. "Is this what you really want? Did vengeance mean so much to you that you had to do all this just to hurt me?"

Misty choked back a sob, her shoulders shaking at the effort to control her tears. She dared not let herself cry because it would distract her. She could feel the menacing pairs of eyes above her never straying from their targets, and if she closed her eyes she could easily imagine their swords pointed at them. One wrong move and they would all be dead.

Ivory tugged his hand. "Please, Your Highness, let us leave them. You do not deserve to be hurt like this."

Domenico wrenched his hand away from Ivory, his eyes still clinging to Misty. "Sweetheart, please, stop this." His voice was threadbare thin, his face bleached completely of color. "I'm so goddamn sorry for hurting you in the past but it won't happen again. You had your revenge now. I get it. So let's start anew."

She shook her head.

Domenico fell to his knees.

Misty almost cried out. No, no, no. She didn't want this. She couldn't bear this.

"What do I have to do to get you back, Misty? Help me, please."

Misty wanted to die. She looked at the woman who had caused all this and that was when she saw it.

Red eyes.

She abruptly turned to Lysander, throwing her arms around him, squeezing her eyes shut at the broken sound that came out from Domenico.

"Misty, I'm begging you, please..."

She forced herself to concentrate even though every cell of her being begged her to go to Domenico.

If there was one thing she learned about vampires, then it was that they had nothing goodness left in them. If Ivory was a vampire, then it only meant one thing - nothing good would come out of following her. Misty was better off taking a risk with all their lives than leave their fates entirely in a soulless woman's hands.

She pulled Lysander's head down, knowing that what she was about to whisper would be easily picked up by Domenico's heightened sense of hearing.

"We're surrounded."

And then she turned around and screamed, "Vampires!"

Chapter Fifteen

Domenico's head jerked up at Misty's whispered words, unable to believe he was indeed hearing her right. But when she turned around and screamed the word 'vampires', Domenico sprang into action.

As he moved towards Misty, he caught sight of Ivory quickly taking out a bow and arrow from behind her back, managing to hit Lysander on the shoulder before running away, her half-crawling, half-running gait telling Domenico that she was no longer a Faerie.

All her vampires followed her, but it still left twenty Faeries armed with swords ready to chop them down to pieces.

Misty gulped, muttering. "I'm flattered she thinks we're worth 20 Faeries, but I really wish she didn't think so highly of us."

Domenico whirled her around to give her a short hard kiss. "Have faith in me, princess." He shifted right after, leaping high into the air to knock down three Faeries with his claws.

The battle had begun.

As Domenico fought his battle in the air, Misty and Lysander did what they could on the ground.

Misty flung her throwing stars and when they didn't come back early enough, she grabbed what she could from the floor - rocks, branches, vines - using them as weapons. She twisted and jumped to avoid the hard strikes of Faeries' swords, never stopping moving even though the blades grazed her skin time and time again.

Past the forest, the cries of slaughter grew louder, and Mother Nature wept with them, causing Lysander to falter, his eyes filled with pain. His attacker took advantage of it, sword raised high. Misty swung to his side using a Tarzan-like vine before twirling it around the attacker's neck and strangling him with it.

Behind them, more bodies fell to the ground in heavy thuds, Domenico ruthlessly disposing their opponents with cold-blooded expertise.

Lysander was about to thank her when he saw another attacker coming their way. "Misty!" He scrambled to get before her, knowing she would not be able to evade the attack on time.

A flash of black fur sped in front them, and the Faerie fell to the ground, neck sliced open by claws. By the time Misty had helped Lysander up, all twenty traitorous Faeries under Ivory's command were dead.

Domenico howled.

Not a second later, a cacophony of howls followed.

She knew right away who it was that had come to help them. "Jayme!" she breathed.

Lysander suddenly sank to his haunches, frantically holding the ground. "Something's wrong..." He sucked his breath in. "She's burning the realm down." Without another word, Lysander broke into a run.

Misty ran after him, praying there was something she could save.

"NO!" Lysander stumbled to a fall as he gazed at the bright orange light licking its way to every roof and structure, its roars intermingling with the cries of the injured.

The entire town was burning. At the edge of the realm, Misty could see wolves running after the vampires frantically trying to escape the allies that had unexpectedly come to the Faeries' rescue.

Misty was weak-kneed at the sight of the burning town, and she knew the cries of grief coming from the gentle race that had taken her in would live with her forever. She slowly approached Lysander, bending down and hugging him from behind.

Domenico moved beside her, still in Lyccan form, pressing his side against her, lending his heat to warm her. She glanced at him, unable to say what she wanted to because it was not the right time. He nodded, nuzzling her face.

Misty turned back to Lysander, her heart aching at the ashen look on his face.

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I'm so, so sorry."

~~~

The High Circle - what was left of it - met at the edge of the realm, where the shields once stood. But they were broken, had been so ever since Ivory chose to betray her race by inviting the vampires in. It was a loophole that she had accidentally discovered when she managed to take the vampires into the Midways.

Misty was doing her best not to cry as she listened to Magenta saying the names of those who were confirmed dead, but she couldn't control the tears when she heard Sir Belfast's name among the dead.

Magenta choked, too. "He had been very...brave, sacrificing his life to save as many of our people as he could when the vampires attacked. He had been a hero during the Great War. And in this war he had become a legend."

When Magenta finished the final count, 645 Faeries had lost their lives, a fatal blow to the race. The shields were also down, and would be so until a month-long ritual using the blood of fallen heroes was completed.

Lysander spoke in the end. "I withdraw my offer of betrothal to Misty Wall."

Cries of protest ensued, with Arabella strangely being the most vocal. "How can you be so selfish, Lysander?" she demanded hoarsely. "It is now that we need something to seal the alliance more than ever."

Misty bit her lip, wanting to defend Lysander but knowing he wouldn't appreciate it. This war had changed him, made him even colder and more aloof and she despaired of ever seeing his light-hearted side again.

"We will still seal it," Lysander said quietly. "But I will choose another princess and not someone...who already belong to someone else."

Domenico's arm tightened around her waist.

"There will be no delay. Tomorrow we will set for Lyccan Hall."

~~~

Domenico and Misty went to visit Daryl and Milo after the meeting, with the latter bedridden and sporting a broken arm after having it nearly torn off by a vampire.

"They were incredibly smart," Milo said with a faraway gaze, his lips tightening as he remembered those bloodstained hours that had nearly demolished their entire race. "They used fire to create chaos and when people started running, that was when they started biting and trying to turn us into one of them."

Milo turned to Domenico. "They will never stop, won't they?"

"No. They won't."

"What the f**k do they want?"

Domenico said grimly, "The whole f**king world."

They left when Milo was starting to yawn, Daryl thanking them for their visit and inviting them to come again. Outside, the moon appeared serenely beautiful but for the first time it failed to comfort Misty.

The walk back to her home was filled with troubled silence. Misty was the first one to speak. "We have to talk."

Domenico only nodded.

She turned to him, cupping his face, and when their gazes met, she started to cry. There were still doubt in Domenico's wonderful green eyes, and it hurt to know that she had been the one to put them there.

"I love you, Domenico," she said fiercely.

He smiled sadly. "Do you really?"

"Yes." She took a deep breath. "When they made me choose between marriage or becoming a Faerie, I could never choose the latter because by then I knew I've always been in love with you - I've never stopped. And I didn't want to risk choosing to become a Faerie because that would have been irreversible."

"But to belong to another man," Domenico growled. "Did you think I would ever forget the pain---"

"Yes. You can. Because it wasn't true. I never loved Lysander, never loved any man but you. I knew I could do something about the marriage. I wanted Lysander to be the one to back out instead and give me some time to find another way to help the Faeries without turning or marrying one of them." She twisted her hands. "Also, by then I had a really bad feeling about Ivory. I wanted to make sure that she wouldn't guess I was on to her. So that was why when we..."

"Fucked?"

"Domenico!"

"You didn't want her to risk overhearing us say anything?"

Misty nodded. She closed her eyes because what she was about to say next was difficult. "When I approached Lysander, he made me promise to...to be his slave for the day and in return he would listen to me. That was when you saw me...on his lap."

His jaw clenched.

Misty kissed him on the lips. "Please don't be mad?" she whispered.

"Go on," he gritted out.

"Then Jayme came and told me Lysander couldn't be g*y. I thought he was because of what Daryl said and then..." She sighed. "It turned out he was being sarcastic when he told me Lysander was g*y."

"I told you he was not f**king g*y, didn't I?" Domenico snapped.

"But I thought you were just..."

"Jealous?" he asked silkily.

"Y...yes." She was too afraid to meet his gaze but forced herself to.

His eyes were filled with quiet exasperation. "Believe in me next time. Trust needs to go both ways, Misty."

"I promise," she said fervently.

He sighed. "And then?"

"Umm..."

His eyes narrowed. "Don't leave a f**king thing out, Misty. Just...don't."

She said in a rush, "HetriedtokissmeandIstoppedhim."

Domenico scowled. "Did you think just by saying it so quickly I wouldn't be able to understand that you just f**king told me another man kissed you?"

"It was very short and I totally rejected him," she defended herself.

"And the scene that I encountered in the forest?"

She said painfully, "Ivory sent us both fake messages. And then she threatened me. If I didn't let you catch us...like that...she would have made those traitors kill us."

"And you think she can kill me just like that?"

Misty didn't know if she wanted to laugh or cry at his arrogance. "Domenico, there were twenty of them."

"There could be fifty and I still wouldn't have let any of them take you from me," he said simply.

She threw herself at him upon hearing those words, and Domenico laughingly caught her, lifting her up so she could wrap her legs around his waist.

"I love you," she whispered.

Domenico's eyes closed. "You don't know," he whispered back, "you just don't know how much I had dreamt of you saying that, Misty." He opened his eyes, saw her crying silently, and slowly licked the tears away. He said fiercely against her skin, "I don't think love is enough to describe how I feel about you, Misty. You're my life. You're everything to me and trust me...trust me when I tell you that I will never, ever hurt you again."

Chapter Sixteen

Jeering laughter and a lot of booing greeted them when they entered Lyccan Hall, where virtually every member of the race waited for them. Misty hadn't wanted to come, feeling she would only bring him down, but Domenico had been adamant.

"If it's not the Moretti f**k slave and his---" The Lyccan couldn't say anything else, with Domenico knocking him down with one swift punch on the face. He did the same with three other men before the crowd realized he meant business. They fell silent, their uneasiness and confusion making the atmosphere heavy as Domenico and Misty stepped up on the platform in front with Lysander slowly following from behind.

"My name is Domenico Moretti and I am the heir apparent to the Moretti pack."

Shock coursed through the crowd at the realization that Domenico had again taken the reins to the Moretti pack.

He stood there calmly, waiting for the furor to die down.

"I stand before you today to ask for you to vote in sealing our alliance with the Faeries with my intended mate, Misty, and one of the members of the High Circle, Lysander Allard, to represent the other race."

"Why should we still ally ourselves with them?" a Lyccan from the back demanded. "Their race is dying. And Misty is useless!"

Chaos followed that controversial statement. Misty did her best to keep calm even though her heart twisted painfully because there was truth in those words. Domenico squeezed her hand, his tight comforting grip communicating his love for her.

"SILENCE." The command in that voice could not be ignored, and it was as if the world somehow shifted with Domenico's command. A shiver skittered across her spine and like the entire crowd, she found herself staring at him in awe.

Tall, dark-haired and gorgeous with the most beautiful pair of green eyes. Impeccably dressed, poised and articulate. He was the same Domenico Moretti she had fallen in love with over a year ago and yet somehow he was different, too.

This Domenico standing in front of her was a hundred times stronger, more powerful, and somehow - more human, too.

Tears stung her eyes as Misty realized that Domenico had fulfilled his destiny as the one prince to bring all Lyccan packs together.

When he spoke again, it was as if a god was speaking, the silence almost reverent. "We are Lyccans. We are true to our word - it is who we are and we are no cowards who turn tail and run, abandoning our allies at the first sign of trouble. We fight for the weak. We fight for our lives, for our heritage."

Domenico gazed at her, and Misty choked back a sob at the emotion in his eyes.

"The woman standing next to me is the most precious thing to me. Without her, our packs would have remained divided. Without her, there would have been no alliance not only with the Faeries but also the Caros and other races."

His tone became steel, as if daring the crowd to challenge him as he said, "You cannot win a war without heart and Misty is my heart. The heart of my pact, the heart of our race, and so now I ask you - will you stand with me when we fight side by side the Faeries and our allies to defeat those who seek to destroy our world?"

One by one, the Lyccans shifted. The very last one to shift was Domenico, and suddenly she found herself staring at thousands of Lyccans with their bright eyes fixed on hers.

Domenico howled, and the crowd responded with howls that caused the walls to shake.

Epilogue

Three Weeks Later

It was Misty's greatest dream and nightmare come true. Her second wedding, followed by a reception ball, and the Lord knew - as well as every Lyccan in the world, and perhaps 99% of non-human races - how lucky she was when it came to balls.

Not.

Women were suddenly screeching outside her room, making Misty frown in confusion.

"Stop!" That was Estrella's voice if she was not mistaken.

"Go!" That was Esmeralda.

"Uh-oh." This was followed by a giggle, and that was definitely Kelly.

Her door flew open and Misty stared in open mouthed shock as Domenico came striding in.

"What---why---you can't come here!"

But he kept moving forward, his green eyes intensely focused on her.

Domenico was dressed in a formal suit that bore the colors of the Moretti pack - black blazer and silver tie. The suit made him look taller and more powerfully built, or maybe that was just because she was even more head over heels for Domenico than she had been in their first wedding.

His hair appeared freshly showered, and Misty ached to run her hands through it just to remind herself she really had the right to touch it - for as long as she wanted to. Sometimes, she still had to pinch herself just to make sure that he really was hers. And that he truly loved her---with no ulterior motive.

When he reached her side, she froze without knowing why. "Misty." He was scowling.

She gulped. "What?" Oh dear God, was he going to break up with her? Was he---

His scowl darkened. "I could smell your fears miles away." Domenico's voice softened. "What's wrong, sweetheart?"

She burst into tears.

Domenico's jaw dropped. "Misty..."

For some reason that made her cry harder.

His sisters banged at the door. "What did you do to her?" He recognized Emilia's voice and knew that it would only be a matter of moments before his infinitely curious sister would come barging in, and he did not want that. In a blink, he had triple locked the door, hissed 'Stay away' to his nosey siblings, and was back at Misty's side, hauling her in his arms so she could sob at his chest.

She pulled away. "I'm going to ruin your shirt."

"No problem." Using his Lyccan speed once more, he had both of them stripped out of their clothes in seconds.

Misty shrieked in surprise, taken aback to find herself na**d in front an equally na**d Domenico.

He opened his arms.

She rushed to him without a word, and she twirled her arms around his neck, pulling him down for a kiss just as his own arms closed around her like a steely embrace that she never wanted to be free from.

Domenico kissed her hungrily, his c**k instantly springing up attention at being this close to Misty. Hell, who was he f**king kidding? He only had to think of Misty and he was instantly hard. His breathing was ragged as he asked, "What's wrong, Misty? Tell me and I will take care of it for you." He couldn't help kissing her again after that, letting his lips trail down slowly so he could savor the softness of her skin.

It was impossible to think with Domenico this close and kissing her like he couldn't get enough of her. Misty's head fell back, and she stretched her neck further back so he would have more access. She moaned softly as he nipped her collar bone before his lips moved up and began to---

"No!" Misty beat his chest weakly, torn between desire and embarrassment, knowing that this kind of kiss would be for everyone to see.

But Domenico only chuckled just before he renewed his kiss, sucking the tender skin of her neck harder until he was sure he had marked her as his.

When he pulled away, Misty opened her mouth to get angry. But then she saw the boyish grin on Domenico's face and her anger died. How could she get mad when he looked like that? For so long he had not found a reason to smile, and if something this small could make him smile like that, well --- Misty would let Domenico cover her entire body with hickeys if so.

His eyes laughed at her. "Really?"

Misty gasped. "I knew it! You can really read my mind, can't you? You've always had that power and---oomph!" Domenico had kissed her to silence, his tongue pushing inside her mouth, and she lost her train of thought once more.

When Domenico pulled away, he said huskily, "I don't need such powers to know how your mind works."

She made a face. "That would make us a boring couple if I'll never be able to surprise you."

Domenico grimaced. "Oh, you can still surprise me." He played with the curls of her hair. "How the f**k you managed to convince me to make those Caro boys groomsmen in our wedding is still a f**king mystery. Did I really say f**king agree to it?"

She giggled, which was exactly what he had hoped for. "Yes, you did."

This - right here and now - with Misty standing beautiful and na**d before him, a smile lighting her face - this was what Domenico wanted to see every day of his life, and it was what he would devote his entire life to ensuring. Every time he looked at Misty, his heart would feel like it was close to exploding with the sheer joy her presence in his life gave him.

Did she f**king know how much she meant to him?

Domenico doubted it, but that didn't matter because he would prove it to her every second of their lives. "Misty." When she looked up, there was still a shadow in her eyes that made his chest tighten. "You're giving me a heart attack when you look like that."

She looked at him in confusion. "What do you mean?"

"The last time you had that look in your eyes---" Domenico struggled to control the sudden rise of fears inside him. He exhaled sharply. "You cut ties."

Her eyes welled up. "I'll never ever leave you again," she blubbered past her tears. "I promised you, didn't I?"

"It doesn't stop me from worrying," he muttered against her hair, inhaling her scent and using it to calm himself.

"I don't stop worrying, too," she whispered.

Domenico closed his eyes, willing his mind to work. He was the f**king heir apparent of the Moretti pack, and if he couldn't ease his wife-to-be's concerns then he wasn't worthy of leading any goddamn pack.

The concentrated look on Domenico's handsome face was familiar. She had seen it enough to know that he was thinking, and she also knew that in a space of a few seconds---

His eyes opened, and this time they were gleaming.

---he would know the answer because he was after all Domenico Moretti. He was the most cunning man she had ever known, and though he had promised he wouldn't manipulate anyone or anything anymore, Misty knew that it was impossible. He was so fiercely protective of those he loved that he would lie about the sky being pink if he thought it would keep them safe.

And in truth, she wouldn't have him be anything different.

This was the man she had fallen in love with, flaws and all, and she loved him especially for it.

"I love you," she whispered, her voice choking at the end. "I really, really love you. So much that I just can't breathe thinking about it."

"I feel the same way, which is why we shouldn't delay this any longer."

"Delay what?" She frowned up at him.

Domenico swallowed. "Misty, will you do me the honor of being my one and only mate? I swear to protect you, cherish you, and love you in all the days of my life."

She swallowed convulsively, unable to believe he was doing this now. "But our wedding's just two hours away!"

His shrug was typical Domenico Moretti, arrogant and sexy as hell. "It is our wedding. They can f**king wait if they have to." He took her hand. "Once we are mated, these doubts will disappear. You will not be able to live without me, and I without you." His hand was slightly shaking as he held her face. "So what will it be, Misty?"

She choked out, "Yes."

In another blink, he had her on the bed, and the scent of arousal immediately sweetened the air. Outside, the triplets groaned simultaneously, their Lyccan senses alerting them to what was happening.

Emilia banged at the door. "You're not freaking serious, are you, Domenico?"

Esmeralda shrieked, "Can't you control your lust for just a few hours?"

Kelly asked loudly, "What's hap---oh." She burst into laughter before asking loudly, "Really, Misty?"

She would have blushed if she could, but right now she was too busy thrashing wildly on the bed, too deep in the throes of pleasures to think of anything except for Domenico.

Domenico pushed her legs wide apart and she moaned, just the heated touch of his hands on her skin already driving her to the brink of ecstasy. "What's happening? I can't...I want you so much!" she moaned.

"This is what how we mate." He bent his head and licked her sex, and Misty almost flew out of the bed at the sinfully delicious feel of his tongue on her flesh.

She moaned his name, her head lolling from one side to another. Her body felt like it was literally on fire, and Misty couldn't remember desiring Domenico this much.

"I'll kill you for this, Domenico," Estrella growled from outside. "After all the preparations---" The outer door of Misty's hotel suite slammed shut with a loud bang.

"Please," she gasped, needing something she couldn't quite name even as she lifted her h*ps up to meet the exquisite thrusts of Domenico's tongue. "Oh, God, Domenico, please."

And then he was pounding into her, and she screamed, her nails raking his back. He pushed her legs wide open, bringing them up and holding them by the ankle so that he could pound into her harder, his h*ps moving fast and furious, his face clenched hard with desire.

She screamed and screamed, unable to keep silent as her desire rose to a feverish peak. "Domenico..."

"Yes," he rasped, turning slightly to lay a gentle kiss on her sole. And then he rocked back into her, so hard that the bed began to rock with them, the steel headboard banging loudly against the wall.

"Ready, my love?" Before she could even figure out how to answer, dazed with pleasure, Domenico had pushed her legs wider and further back before sinking his c**k so deeply into her that it was knocking against the walls of her womb.

Desire imploded within her body, and she gasped just as Domenico growled her name, his c**k pumping out his seed until she felt she was drowning in his warm essence. When she opened her eyes, she almost swore there were stars circling around her head.

"Domenico?" Her eyes widened when she felt him hardening inside her. No. That wasn't possible. He had just --- she gasped when Domenico started to move again, and even more impossibly her body was reacting, her br**sts feeling fuller and extra sensitive. Misty cried out when Domenico cupped her br**sts, kneading it gently before bending down to nuzzle them. When he took one nipple into his mouth, his c**k twitched inside her and Misty's body jerked at the sharp zing of pleasure his twitching c**k created inside her.

"I don't understand," she whispered even as she locked her legs around his waist and moved up to meet his thrust.

"Mating is a process, sweetheart." He grinned down at her. Wolfishly. It was the only word for it, and she suddenly felt like she was about to be devoured.

"More to the point, it's like being animals in heat, and to complete the process we would need to f**k each other's brains out until the pheromones my body released are absorbed by yours, thus cementing our bond."

As if to prove his words, he tweaked her nipple, and she jerked up, so sensitive that Misty was afraid she was going to come if he touched her nipple another time.

"H-how long?"

He drove in and out of her in a steady pace, torturing her with his leisurely strokes when he knew she wanted him slamming into her again and again. "How long is what?"

"Domenico!"

"Say it," he urged her huskily.

She whispered awkwardly, "How long...how long do we h-have to f**k each other's brains out?"

Another wolfish grin slashed his lips. "About ten hours."

"WHAT?" But she couldn't say anything else, moaning instead because Domenico had finally taking it easy and his c**k was again slamming into her, again and again, making her sex ache in the most pleasurable ways.

"Ten f**king hours Misty." He bit her ear, and her eyes rolled back when his tongue swirled inside her ear. Her body became tense, feeling another orgasm about to come but instead Domenico pulled his c**k out and she groaned in protest.

He flipped her around. "This way you'll come harder." And then he was thrusting into her from behind, one hand going under her body so he could start playing with her cl*t at the same time.

Oh.

Domenico was pounding into her more furiously, the erotic sound of the slap of his balls against her sex making her moan. She did her best to shake the pleasure-induced haze from her mind but couldn't. All she was able to do was moan, urging him to go faster and faster.

Domenico leaned forward, pushing her down until her br**sts were squashed against the pillows while her ass was up in the air. Domenico didn't miss a beat, f**king her so beautifully and so roughly it made her see stars.

"This time you do not need to say we are truly mated, Misty. This time they will know."

"H-how?" She twisted her head around to look at him as she asked the question.

His grin was unrepentant. "They're Lyccans, remember? They should have smelled us mating by now."

Her eyes snapped open when the import of his words sunk in. "DOMENICO!"

He cocked his head to the side. "Oh. Don't worry, Misty. I can hear our guests having fun. I think they just heard you scream my name."

She moaned. "Domenico!"

"Sssh, sweetheart, be a good girl and let me f**k your brains out again."

~~~

Far underneath the roads of the city, in the deepest recesses of dungeons long forgotten by humans, na**d women writhed on the ground, uncaring of the dirt that clung to their skins and the wounds that the rough uneven surface wrought on their flesh.

One woman was named Rafaella, the other woman was Ivory, and there were so many others. Only one word emerged from their mouths, and they moaned it over and over.

Master.

A man hidden in the shadows purred, "We will do better next time, won't we, my lovelies?" He smiled with vicious pleasure at the gagged woman cowering in front him, the one that had to be punished for failing him one last time.

Yes, Master.

He looked at the woman who was about to satisfy his greatest appetite. "Nanette, Nanette," he crooned, "I gave you so many chances and yet you failed. You let greed get the better of you."

Nanette Wall desperately shook her head, her eyes bulging with fear.

He slapped her, and even though it wasn't his full strength it was enough to send her flying to the end of the dungeons. "Didn't I tell you I despise liars?" he hissed. He looked at the women he had enslaved with promises made in the dark. "You know that, too, lovelies, don't you? The Master will not tolerate liars."

Yes, Master.

He held Nanette by the hair, pulling her head back roughly and was rewarded by the tears of pain that glazed her eyes. "We won't stop until we crush them one by one, won't we?"

Yes, Master.

"And you would not hesitate to lay down your lives if it would mean finding their weakness, won't you?"

Yes, Master.

Satisfied, his hand shot out, his fingers easily pushing through the flesh and muscle until he grasped the frantically beating heart of his meal. And as he took his first bite, he sent a bolt of pleasure through their bodies, causing the women to cry out. And so they came and came Nanette died, the rest of her heart disappeared into his mouth.

If Misty had seen this, she would have only one word to describe it.

Sceleri.

~~~

"Lysander?"

He turned around at the hesitant sounding voice, his eyes narrowing when he saw a familiar figure. He had seen her once in a while at the realm and wondered why the young girl had followed him into another race's territory. He remembered every woman he had f**ked, and someone this young would never have even gotten a kiss from him.

But still, her face nagged at him.

And finally he remembered who she was. "Star," he murmured, real pleasure underlining his voice. She was a sweet kid, quiet but cheerful, and he had spent quite some time with her during summer the past year, in the days that she had caught him in his garden.

"I heard...you're looking for a Lyccan princess to be betrothed to?"

He raised a brow. "And?"

"Is it true?" she insisted.

He sighed. "And if it is?"

"What kind of princess are you looking for?"

"Anyone who could help protect my race."

"But what about what you want?"

"That is what I want."

"Ah." She smiled at him bravely. "Then you'd want me. Because I'm a Lyccan princess and my name isn't really...well it's Star but not in English." She took a deep breath. "My real name is Estrella Moretti, and I'm a younger sister of the heir apparent Domenico Moretti."

