Chapter One

His doctors had it all wrong: another 190 mile per hour crash into the wall wasn't going to kill him. Oh, no. Melanie Ann Smith was going to be the death of him.

Carter Ambrose grimaced at the socket wrench in his hand, then bent over the engine and began to ratchet the bolt.

For the past three weeks, Melanie had been coming over to his garage to check on him or in her words, "make sure he didn't go insane from lack of company". While he was trying to take some time to clear his head, she was driving him insane, with her short skirts, patterned tights, platform heels and glossy lips.

Damn unnerving if anyone asked him.

Although no one ever did, mostly because he wouldn't tell anyone that he'd started noticing a damn thing about Melanie Ann Smith. She was off-limits, forever on the list of women he had no business entertaining lustful thoughts about. A man just didn't do that with his sister's best friend.

The side door to his garage opened and closed.

The sound of her heels had him thinking of her mile long legs wrapped around his waist while he tasted her strawberry-flavored lip gloss. Something he knew, because he'd covertly watched as she coated her pouty lips with the stuff at least a hundred times.

He gritted his teeth and thought of stats, of his crew chief balling him out when Carter let his tires marble. Of having to let his teammate, Jake Henley, permanently race without him, because Carter had totaled his car during a friendly competition back in September.

A total rookie move, and one that he was still recovering from. Unfortunately, racing wasn't an option, not anymore. He wasn't one of those hardcore guys, willing to gamble on his health. Besides, he'd actually like to settle down and have kids one day.

Only he wasn't sure how soon he wanted to pursue that avenue. And he wasn't sure where he wanted to live or start his classic car restoration business-small town Holland Springs, with his entire family, or Charlotte, with his racing friends and extended family.

That's why he'd come home. Usually being in Holland Springs cleared his mind and put things in perspective. Usually.

"What are you working on today?" Melanie asked, sidling right up next to him and pulling him out of his thoughts. She was the wrench in the clear-his-head plans.

Her hip bumped his as she leaned over and he dropped the socket wrench. Then the bolt fell through the engine and hit the concrete floor with multiple pings as it bounced. Son of a bitch. "Same thing as yesterday," he muttered and hair the color of sunshine filled his vision, along with the smell of coconut tantalizing his senses. Damn if she didn't make his mouth water, and damn if she didn't bring to mind sitting on the beach with a six-pack.

"I'll get it!"

Carter turned to tell her no, got a glimpse of a white bra with cherries on it and bumped his head hard against the hood of the Jeep. Only years of his dad's 'don't-curse-in-the-presence-of-a-woman' speeches made him bite back every cuss word he knew. He blinked, rubbing the top of his head.

Melanie stared at him, her chocolate brown eyes wide with concern, as she held out the socket wrench. Across the bridge of her nose was a smattering of freckles that should've made her look like a little girl, except he thought those little golden dots were sexy. Lately, he had been thinking everything about her was sexy.

God help him.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

Taking the tool from her, he set back to work. "Fine." He hoped like hell she'd get the hint and leave before he did something stupid. Like kiss her senseless.

She shook something by his ear. "Thought you might be hungry."

"Nope."

Glancing out of the corner of his eye, he watched her green platform shoe wiggle from side to side. "But it's your favorite: chicken salad and crackers with a slice of Daisy's famous German chocolate cake. I had her add some extra coconut to the frosting."

So that's what was making his mouth water, not her. Relieved, he moved to his work bench and carefully placed the socket wrench in the third drawer, then turned and smiled. "You've convinced me."

Her smile lit up the room. "Great." She joined him at his work bench, setting the large brown bag down and pulling out the contents. "Hope you don't mind if I join you."

Thing was he didn't; he actually liked Melanie. Always had, even when she was being a pain in the ass, along with his sister, Zoe. "Sorry for being so short with you."

"That was the hunger talking," she said with a wink. She hopped on one of the four barstools he kept near the worktable, crossing those mile long legs and making him swallow hard.

"Shouldn't you be at work?" he asked, moving to the sink and washing his hands. Then he ambled over to her and sat down. Melanie had opened all of the containers and fixed them both a plate. "Jen's place, right?"

Taking a bite of chicken salad, she held up a finger and swallowed. "Jen didn't need me anymore. Whose Jeep?"

"Rose Holland. She needed something reliable and asked me to find something for her."

Melanie's eyes lit with genuine warmth. "She certainly asked the right guy to help her."

Maybe so, but it hadn't stopped some of the guys around here from asking if he was doing her or her older sister, Summer. Perverts. He shrugged. "I think Rose's taking care of her little sister all by herself. No one's seen their mom in a while."

"Poor kid," she said, popping a grape into her mouth.

"You're not much older," he pointed out, earning a look of annoyance from her.

"I'm twenty-four." She leaned forward to snag one of his grapes, once again flashing her bra and amazing cle**age.

He choked down a half eaten cracker. Grabbing the bottle of water she'd brought, he drank down a third of it before he came up for air. "Yeah, I saw pictures on facebook of your drunk tail celebrating your twenty-fourth birthday at Poor Boy's. My sister's, too."

"Why, Carter Ambrose, I can't believe you've been looking at my tail." She unscrewed the cap of her water bottle. "What would your momma say?"

His momma would tell him to get the hell away from a woman like Melanie. Then again Leah Ambrose warned all of her sons about staying away from every woman that didn't meet her standards. So far that had meant all of them, but one-his ex-fiance.

"Are you looking for another job?"he asked, trying to steer their conversation away from her ass and his mother. Two things that would never be in the same sentence ever again.

"Yes." Lowering her eyes, she stared at the ground for a moment and then peered up at him through lacey, black lashes. "Zoe said you needed a temporary assistant."

"No, absolutely not." He couldn't get the words out fast enough. Yes, he needed someone to organize his office, answer emails and a slew of other tasks that he didn't have the time or inclination to attempt to do or finish. But there was just so much temptation a man could take.

"Oh come on, Carter. You've been here for almost three weeks and haven't hired one person." She held up her hand and began to tick off her fingers. "Not Kelsey Greggs, Maisey Perry, Bernice Waters or-"

"How in the-"

"Evangeline told Zoe, who then told me," she said, gathering their trash and placing it in the bag she'd brought. "Where did you move the recycling bins?"

"Over by the door." He watched her cute ass shake as she walked over to the bins. He hadn't hired any of those women, because they had been looking for a man. And by man he meant a groom. Bernice had even brought a bridal magazine with her to the interview. "Did Zoe also tell you not to repeat what you heard to anyone?"

"I didn't repeat it."

Crossing his arms over his chest, he said, "You just told me, honey."

"You don't count, baby doll." Glancing over her shoulder, she gave him a look that made his c**k start to harden. "What are your office hours?"

Still stunned by that heated look, he blurted, "Nine to five. Except on Fridays."

"Great! See you tomorrow." With a backwards wave, she left his garage.

What the hell had just happened? Oh right, he'd just hired Melanie to be his new assistant. Glancing at the clock, he uncrossed his arms and ambled over to the fridge. Opening it, he grabbed the first bottle and twisted off the cap.

"It's five o'clock somewhere," he muttered, then toasted the framed print of The Intimidator. "Cheers, Dale."

Chapter Two

"He hired you? Just like that?" Zoe Ambrose asked with a snap of her fingers. Astonishment shone in her dark green eyes.

Pleased with herself, Melanie nodded. "Just like that."

A grin curved the corners of her best friend's mouth. "Good for you." Zoe's grin fell. "Carter wasn't mad at me for telling you, was he?"

"Nope," Melanie lied. Well, it wasn't exactly a lie. Carter hadn't looked mad. He'd looked like he normally did when she talked to him- sexy as hell. Lately, that look had turned into sexy as hell and oh-crap-she's-here-again. And for a woman who'd been in love with him for as long she could remember, it stung. "Anyway, I report for duty at nine o'clock sharp."

"Then you'd better be there at 8:45," Zoe said, snagging a breadstick and tearing it in half. "He's a stickler for punctuality."

"You sure you're related to him?"

Giggling, Zoe said, "Fairly certain. Anyway, will it interfere with taking care of Mr. Henry's dog and house?"

Shaking her head, Melanie dipped her own breadstick into marinara sauce. "I'll let Cody out at seven, then check the plants, tidy up the kitchen and be back home in time to get a shower and be at Carter's by 8:50 at the latest."

"It's so sweet of you to help Mr. Henry out like you do," Zoe said. "Cody is a menace to society."

Cody was a yippy, two-pound Chihuahua that thought himself to be a one hundred and fifty pound attack dog. "You mean it's so sweet to let eighty-five year old Mr. Henry ogle my butt for twenty bucks a day?" Melanie asked, innocently batting her lashes.

"Well, when you put it that way..."

Melanie snorted. "I swear, you should hear the beeps of his heart monitor when I walk in. One day, I'm going to forget to not bend at the waist to pick up Cody and the man's gonna keel over from a heart attack."

"At least he'll die with a smile on his face." Zoe pulled out her phone, then looked at the screen and sighed. "Another rejection. Maybe I should give up this writing thing?"

"I'm sorry, Z. One day you will get a yes." Melanie pushed Zoe's wine glass closer. "But in the meantime, have another drink."

After taking another sip, her best friend eyed her. "Is that what you hope will happen with Carter?"

"No."

Zoe's face fell. "But I thought-"

Melanie snorted, then wriggled her eyebrows. "I want more than one yes from him. In fact I want a lot of yeses followed by oh God and more." Really, who wouldn't want six foot two and two hundred pounds worth of a man on top of them? Who wouldn't want to run their fingers through dark brown hair and stare into sexy emerald-colored eyes? A man with a gorgeous face and a hot body that filled out jeans as well as he did boxer briefs in major ad campaigns.

"Despite being majorly squicked out at the thought of my brother saying those words to anyone, I totally support your efforts."

"You've always supported my efforts." Melanie laughed, brushing a loose chunk of hair over her ear. "It's why we get along so well."

"When we were little, it was the only time I got in trouble," Zoe reminded her, tucking her phone back into her purse.

"Yeah, yeah. Melanie Ann Smith, Troublemaker Extraordinaire. That's me," she grumbled. "I'm surprised your momma ever let us be friends in the first place."

Zoe rolled her eyes. "She'd hoped I would be a good influence on you."

"Bless your momma's heart," Melanie sighed dramatically, placing her hand on her chest. "Her hopes have been dashed to pieces by now."

The owner of Jack's Fine Italian Dining, Jack Macpherson, strode to their table, smiling at Zoe, then giving Melanie a pointed look. "Smoke break's ."

Melanie pushed up from the table and grabbed her tray. "Yes sir!" She gave him a salute.

The sound of dishes breaking in the restaurant kitchen captured her boss's attention. "What the-"He stomped to the kitchen, yelling at everyone in his path. Good thing it was a very slow Monday night. Three out of twenty tables were filled.

She frowned. That wasn't good at all. Tips would be scarce and she always managed to give back the tip Zoe left for her. It didn't feel right taking money from her best friend, even if Melanie had earned it.

"When did you start smoking?" Zoe asked as an extra cheesy portion of the ziti fell from her fork onto the table.

"Never." Melanie grinned, tossing the tray back and forth between her hands. "Figured it was the only way I could get a break like Darlene and Kelsey. Fair's fair, you know."

Her best friend laughed. "Just don't get fired, okay?"

Melanie drew a little x over the pocket on her white shirt and walked away. "Promise," she said over her shoulder. And she meant it. She couldn't afford to lose another job. Two out of the three things she wanted most in life cost money that she didn't have. It was part of the reason why she asked Carter for a job. She knew his personal assistant position paid well, even if it was temporary.

Only one problem with that: Melanie didn't want temporary with Carter.

She wanted forever.

***

Melanie tossed her keys onto the counter and sat down at the small kitchen table.

Her dad's snores drifted in from the living room, along with the evening news. Louis had passed out in the recliner, a couple of beer cans on the table beside him.

"Only two tonight? Must've been a good day," she said, taking off her shoes and messaging her aching feet. Then she stood and shuffled to the recliner, grabbing the remote and clicking off the television.

Ever since her momma had died from breast cancer, Melanie had been raised by her dad. Although some might argue she was using that term loosely. Louis had let her run hog-wild and fancy free, until a well-meaning (nosy as heck) woman had taken an eight year old Melanie under her wing one summer during Vacation Bible School.

It hadn't helped, but Melanie did get a best friend out of it: Zoe Ambrose.

Louis muttered something in his sleep and Melanie smiled. She snagged an orange and brown afghan from the sofa and covered him with it, brushing back his grey hair. "Sleep tight."

"Raylene?"

Melanie froze, her heart pounding in her chest. There was only one Raylene in Holland Springs and she was married. Worse, she was married to Carter and Zoe's uncle, who just so happen to be their momma's favorite brother. "No, it's Melanie." She knew her daddy had been doing some odd jobs around Raylene and John's house. And she pleaded with God that Raylene wasn't one of those jobs.

Louis shifted in the recliner, his brown eyes blinking open. "Hey, sugar. How was work?"

"Fine." She stared at her father for a moment, then said, "Are you messing around with Raylene Alfred?"

"Don't see how that's any of your business, young lady," he said and her heart plummeted to her toes. Any time he called her young lady, he was lying to her or trying to justify himself. "My private life is private."

"Not around here it's isn't." She fisted her hands on her hips. "Everyone knows how you like messing around with married women. Love 'em and leave their marriages in shambles."

"It's different this time."

"You say that every time!" She held up her hands. "I don't care if you think you're in-"

"We are in love. Besides, John doesn't treat her right and she's miserable," Louis countered, sitting up in the recliner and pushing the bottom half down.

"If she's not happy with John, then she needs to leave him before y'all make a go of it. I'm getting tired of having to defend you and your affairs." She really was, but she wouldn't stop sticking up for her dad. Louis was the only family she had and she loved him.

"Who's saying she's not leaving him?" Louis said as he stood. "Who's to say that Raylene and I don't have plans?"

Her mouth fell open. "Are you kidding me?"

"Nope. We-"

She shook her head, moving toward her room. "I don't want to know about your plans. But for once in your life, can you think about the consequences?"

How many times had they been through this before? Louis Smith fell in and out of love like a thirteen year old girl. He always had plans, always knew that his latest was The One, and he was The One to save her from her loveless marriage.

Yet another reason why she needed to get her own place. Not knowing for a fact what her daddy was up to would take a lot of stress off of her.

Shutting the door behind her, she dug into the front pockets of her apron and started straightening and laying out her tips on her dresser. Sixty bucks wasn't too bad for a slow Monday night.

Biting the side of her lip, she considered the two jars in front of her. One labeled Trip Money and the other, House Money. One day she would have a home that didn't have wheels, that she couldn't be evicted from and a bed that was actually hers.

Most people thought she was flighty, unable to hold down a job or even finish college. But she had a plan and had been pre-approved for a loan. And it was all documented on her ancient computer. Still, she couldn't in good conscience buy that tiny cottage on three acres without some savings in the bank or a five thousand dollar down payment.

Plus, she wanted to travel, to see the world outside of Holland Springs. Her life so far had consisted of a hundred-mile radius. Pretty boring and pathetic.

So, the sensible thing to do would be to split the tips eighty-twenty in favor of the House Money Jar. But sometimes a girl needed a little excitement.

Smiling, she opened the Trip Money jar and put all but ten dollars in it.

Just as she put both lids back on, there was a knock at her door. "Sugar, can you spot me some money for the rent? I promise to settle up with you on Friday."

"I gave you my half last week," she said, opening her door. "Right before you went down to Biloxi with..."

Her dad looked away, his hand running through his hair.

She sagged against the door frame and placed her palm across her forehead. "You couldn't stay away, could you?"

"I thought I could make things easier on us."

"By gambling away our rent money?" Tears pricked at the back of her throat as she walked to her dresser and opened up her House Money Jar. "How much?"

"Nine hundred," he mumbled. "Rent's twelve."

"What!" The lid slipped from her grasp, falling to the floor. It landed on the carpet with a thud. Digging through the jar, she pulled out her money and counted out the amount he needed. Her heart pinched at the sight of a month's worth of tips from her House Jar. Who knew if she'd ever get it back? Louis wasn't exactly a stickler for keeping his word. And settling up on Friday could mean this Friday or twenty Fridays from now.

"Wait a minute." She turned to face him. "You told me my half was three."

"Yeah, well, I'm still your dad." He walked inside her room and picked up the lid, then set it back on the jar. "Knew you've been trying to save up and all."

All the self-righteous anger she'd let build up fled her body. She hugged her dad tight. "Thank you."

He kissed the top of her head affectionately. "No need to thank me." Then he stepped back and took her money, shoving it in his pants pocket. "Why don't you keep that in a bank?"

"I do." She smiled and untied her apron. "I just like to make big deposits with lots of singles and fives. Makes all those stuffy ladies' eyes get real big."

"I bet."

"Especially when I tell them that, despite the down economy, lap dances are still high in demand. In fact it's my patriotic duty to go down to Jacksonville and make those poor Marines feel better," she teased.

Louis groaned. "That's not how I want people to think of my daughter."

"But I thought that's how you met momma," Melanie reminded him.

"She was a cocktail waitress. Big difference in skill set and clothing choices."

"I don't do that, you know."

"Greatly relieved to hear it."

"But I did get a job as Carter Ambrose's assistant."

Her dad raised his brows. "You sure that's a wise thing? I know you've always been sweet on him, but-"

"But nothing." Melanie lifted her chin. "Aren't you ready for me to move out?"

"Not really."

"Dad!"

He chuckled. "Yes, I want you to move out and find a nice guy who'll treat you right. Not like your last two boyfriends."

She tossed her apron on her bed. "Don't remind me of those disasters." However, those two disasters were a positive reminder that she hadn't sat around mooning over Carter Ambrose. She'd gone on with her life, especially after he'd gotten engaged, and had fun. Now the timing was perfect. Neither of them were in a relationship (that she knew about anyway). It was up to her to make the most of it, maybe even make him fall in love with her.

"Never been so happy in my life when you broke things off with Trent. Heard he's in prison now, for grand theft auto and assaulting an officer." Louis rapped his knuckled again the door. "Guess I'll turn in, sugar. I'm repairing the front and back porches at Rayl"-Melanie narrowed her eyes at him.-"Mrs. Alfred's house tomorrow."

There was nothing she could do to stop Louis. He was a grown man. So she had two choices: Stay mad at him. Or love him no matter what. "Night, daddy. Don't stay too late tomorrow. I'm cooking supper."

"No, tomorrow's my turn. See you in the morning." Louis walked out of her room, shutting the door softly behind him.

With a sigh, she moved to her dresser and began to undress. She needed a shower, else her bed would smell like Jack's Fine Italian Dining. Plus she needed to look her best tomorrow.

Carter had to stop viewing her as a kid. She rolled her eyes as she thought about his you're not much older comment.

She might be three years younger than him, but she knew men. Knew what they liked and didn't like. And she'd known Carter since she was eight, and for dang sure, she knew what he liked: boobs and butts. Both of which she had. Okay so she might have more butt than boobs, but none of her ex-boyfriends had complained.

It was time to bring out the big guns.

Searching through her top drawer, she pulled out the laciest push-up bra she owned and smiled.

Chapter Three

Carter frowned as Melanie walked into his office. It was either that or let his jaw drop to the floor. She was dressed in the sexiest do-me-I'm-the-naughty-secretary outfit he'd ever seen. She had always dressed in themes to match wherever she was going. Hell, it had been something he thought was kind of cute. Until today.

"Morning, Sunshine," she said with a big smile. She tapped a black pen against the top of her clipboard, drawing his eyes to the deep vee of her shirt.

He blinked. Her br**sts were about to spill out of it.

God help him.

Her smile wobbled a little, then she pressed her shoulders back and said, "Need some coffee to start off your day? If you show me where the coffee pot-Oh, there it is." She sashayed over to the coffee maker on the file cabinet, black stiletto heels clicking on the floor.

Jesus. His weakness. There was something about a woman wearing heels so high that it pushed out her ass and br**sts. So high that it made a woman look delicate and needy. Ready for a man to catch and do very dirty things to her.

She kicked up one foot as she reached for the mugs hanging on hooks above her. The black, narrow skirt she wore rode up her thighs.

"Stockings and garters? Ah, f**k me," he muttered to himself and bit his knuckle, willing his very inconvenient erection away while she chatted on, mercifully oblivious. Damn, but he was a sick son of a bitch. He shouldn't be lusting after anyone who worked for him, least of all Melanie.

Shooting to his feet, he grabbed his coat and held it in front of him. "I have to go. Errands to run."

Melanie turned to face him, a little frown on her pouty lips. Lips so pouty that he wanted to bite the bottom and-

"But that's what an assistant is for."

"Not wearing that get-up you're not." No way in hell he'd send her to Frank's. Not because the boys over there would do anything to her, but because they were boys and didn't know how to talk to a woman. And he didn't relish the notion of having to beat anyone's ass for being disrespectful. Old fashioned-maybe, but he didn't give a shit.

"You don't like, I mean, it's not appropriate for what I'll be doing for you?" she asked, slowly smoothing her blouse down and then her skirt. "I could go home real quick and change."

He wanted to groan at the images that formed in his head. Her outfit was very, very appropriate for what he wanted her to be doing for him. Shaking his head, he tried to clear his mind of her straddling his lap, her skirt at her waist and his c**k buried balls deep inside her wet heat, while he sat in his office chair with his face in her br**sts.

Son of a bitch. He had to think of something else. Grasping at straws, he asked, "Do you really need this job?"

The light in her pretty brown eyes faded. "Yes, especially after-never mind." She turned away, but not before he saw tears welling.

Crossing the distance between them, he put his hand on her elbow and turned her to face him. "Louis gambled his money away." Everyone knew about her dad's gambling. And when Louis Smith got a wild hair to bet it all, he usually lost his shirt. Usually Melanie had to find a way to pick up the pieces.

Her lower lip trembled as she nodded. "I gave him almost all of my money from my House Jar...to pay the rent."

Ah, hell. "How often does he ask for your help?"

She lifted her chin. Damn, Louis did not deserve the excuse she was getting ready to make for him. "Not that often. Just every couple months or so."

Carter let go of her elbow and rubbed the bridge of his nose, not trusting himself to speak at the moment. Someone needed to take Louis in hand, because Carter knew every couple months or so actually mean every other month. At that rate, Melanie would never move out of her dad's place.

"Please don't tell anyone, especially not Zoe. You know how she is and I can't take any money from her."

Why she trusted him with this, he had no idea. Well, that wasn't entirely true. About three years ago, he'd found her sitting along the side of the road with two suitcases and a huge bag slung over her shoulders.

So, Carter had offered her a ride. Turned out, she and her dad had been evicted from their rental. All they'd let her pack was her clothes and some personal items. Louis had been up in Cherokee, presumably trying to change their luck.

He'd driven her back to Holland Acres Mobile Home Park and paid what was owed, plus two extra months. He would have paid more, but Louis might have gotten the wrong idea.

Carter still remembered the kiss Melanie had given him in thanks, soft as a butterfly's caress and more potent than moonshine. But he had stopped her, really himself, before things had gone any further.

"You know I won't."

Her nose crinkled a little as she smiled. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." He couldn't help but dust his thumb over her bottom lip. Her breath hitched and it was all he could do to not kiss her right then. "How about I give you an advance?"

"A what?" she asked and he could have sworn she stepped closer to him.

Tilting his head to the side, he let his thumb find the corner of her mouth, then coast along the line of her jaw. Melanie really was a pretty little thing. Always had been and mischievous as hell, too.

She leaned into his touch, her eyes closing and chin tipping up. Black lashes brushing the tops of her cheeks and barely visible freckles. "You shouldn't hide those."

"Hide what?" Her sweet breath fanned over his face.

"Your freckles."

"Men don't like freckles."

He chuckled, continuing his exploration of her face and easing his hand behind her neck. He wanted to undo the ridiculous bun she'd put her hair up in. "This man does." Then he said the worst thing possible. "In fact I'd like to see if you have freckles in other places."

Of their own volition, his fingers came from around her neck and coasted over her clavicle, down to the deep vee of her shirt. He nudged it to one side, watching in pure male satisfaction as goose bumps appeared. A perfect line of golden dots disappeared underneath her lacey black bra. Her br**sts rose and fell, breaths coming out in little pants that made him harder than before.

"Then I'd spend some time connecting the dots with my tongue," he added, tracing the lace at the edge of the cup.

Eyes popping open, she gaped at him. "You would?" she all but squeaked.

It was as if someone had clipped his fender and woke his ass up. He dropped his hand and high-tailed it out of his office. "Be back later. I need my files organized," he called over his shoulder.

Melanie stared after him, watching in disbelief as the door slammed closed. Then she walked over to his chair and flopped down in it, her heart still beating a mile a minute. Her ni**les were hard and she was wet and throbbing between her thighs. Dear Lord, the man had barely touched her.

There was no way she could get anything done. At least not right now. She needed time to calm down. She needed to talk her best friend.

Picking up the receiver, she quickly dialed Zoe's number.

"Hello?"

"It worked!"

"Yay," Zoe squealed into the phone. "Wait, what worked?"

Melanie rolled her eyes. "Brain hasn't kicked in yet?"

"I stayed up until four a.m.writing," Zoe said with a yawn.

"Well your brother said he liked my freckles and wanted to see where else I had them," Melanie crowed. "And some other stuff, too."

"Carter said that?"

"Oh yeah. He's coming 'round to my way of thinking." Melanie should've taken the opportunity to touch him, only she had been scared that he would reject her.

There was silence on the line, so long that Melanie thought Zoe had hung up. A sliver of self-doubt tried to pierce her victory.

"Mel, you know I love you, right?"

Oh crap, this couldn't be good. "And I love you, too."

"I've never lied,"-There was a pause and Melanie's forehead wrinkled-"about things that could possibly hurt you. I also know how much you love-"

"Just spit it out, Zoe."

"Evangeline said that April called Carter last night, wanting to get back together. He's supposed to meet her for dinner this evening at Jack's."

Melanie's heart fell to the pit of her stomach and she blew out a shaky breath. "I'm off tonight, but thanks for warning me."

"I'm sorry, honey. I really am, but I don't want you to get hurt," Zoe said, her voice sincere. "Carter's not the type to string women around, but you're my best friend and I don't want to take the chance. Sometimes men, even ones you have high opinions of, turn out to be real asshats."

"You and Gabriel have another fight?"

"No, he's been really sweet. Distant but sweet. Then again, Summer Holland is back in town and living with Patrick Johnson. I don't think Gabe is too happy about that."

"Carter's helping out her sister, Rose," Melanie said, grabbing a yo-yo in the shape of the globe. She spun it around on the desk top. "I swear there is something about those Holland girls. It's like they have supernatural powers or something. Heck, if I liked women, I'd date one of them. Only downside would be that if there was a bad breakup, I'd no longer be able get my coconut bath and body stuff."

Zoe snorted, the familiar sound chasing away her blues. "Well, as my momma says, the Hollands are an institution, and should be respected."

"Your momma and her sayings." Amazing how Leah Ambrose would defend a whole family of women who supposedly preyed on men-married to another or not. "Bet she'd never say that about me. I'm not "from" here."

"As long as you stay away from her boys, you should be fine," Zoe said, then Melanie heard her friend smack herself. "I didn't mean that. Oh, God, I am so sorry."

"It is what it is," Melanie said as she looked around Carter's office. She wrinkled her nose in disgust. The entire room needed to be cleaned from top to bottom. "Look, I need to go. Work and all. Talk to you later?"

"I could bring you lunch?"

"You're a doll, but I brought it with me." She'd be bringing all of her lunches from now on. After saying goodbye, Melanie hung up the phone and laid her head in her hands.

Maybe she'd celebrated victory too soon. Carter had all but run away from her. At the time she could have sworn it was because he had realized what he'd said and what he'd almost done, but now it most likely because he wanted to get back together with April Billingsworth, daughter of the current governor.

Really, who would chose trailer park over gated community? Rising from the chair, she moved to the radio by the window and cut it on, tuning it to her favorite country station. Pistol Annie's 'Bad Example' filled the room.

Yep, that was her.

Sighing, she moved to the filing cabinet and opened the top drawer.

Chapter Four

"Shouldn't you be at work or something," Heath said as he tossed him a beer and a game controller.

"Shouldn't you be in class?" Carter shot back, then pressed the START button. Call of Duty III flashed on the screen.

"If I were in class, then you wouldn't be able to hide out in my apartment." Heath killed his player before he had time to blink.

"I'm not hiding."

Heath snorted, his dark blue eyes rolling. "Yeah, right. You've been home for almost a month and this is the first damn time you've stepped foot in my apartment."

Another kill and Carter threw his controller down in disgust.

"Hey, the game's not over, chicken shit."

"You kiss your momma with that mouth?" Carter shot back. He had no idea why he'd chosen to hang out with his eighteen year old brother of all people.

"Hell no. I stopped kissing her when I was fourteen and in love with Rose Holland." Leaning back in his chair, Heath smirked. "Got over that when Isabella Edwards kissed me two months later. Then there was-"

Carter held up a hand. "Don't need a f**king list of all the girl's you kissed, but please text me when you finally become a man."

Heath flipped him off, then his face grew serious. "Can I ask you something?"

Now this was interesting. His baby brother was never serious, only concerned about having a good time, women and playing baseball. "Shoot."

"You ever done something that you regretted?"

Taking a pull of his beer, Carter nodded. "Yep. Matter of fact, I did something really stupid today, but-"

"I don't mean with your cars; I mean with another person. Something so big that you and she, er- that person had to keep it a secret." Heath didn't take his eyes off the screen. "And now you wish you could have a do-over, only the other person involved won't give you the f**king time of day."

Carter set his beer down on a coffee table made of plywood and cinderblocks. "Are you in trouble, Heath?"

"No, but I'd like to make things better with the person I hurt."

"That's good start." Ah, hell this was hard. He had no clue what his little brother had done, but he was almost a hundred percent sure that it had something to do with the preacher's daughter, Isabella Edwards.

"That's the problem. She won't answer my texts or my calls. And she's going to school clear across the country, so it's not like I can just hop on a plane and show up on her doorstep," Heath grumbled, then paused his game to grab a handful of chips.

His brother had all but confirmed it involved Isabella. Damn. "Look, if you need to talk about something, anything, I'm here for you."

Just as his brother was about to answer, two of Heath's roommates burst through the door and the moment was lost. No way in hell they could talk now.

Heath flashed him a grin. One that didn't quite meet his eyes. "Nah...I'm good."

"You need me...call me, text me-whatever works for you," Carter said before he left. His little brother had it right though: Sometimes, you needed a do-over in life. All he had to do now was make sure that Melanie would accept his apology.

Should be as easy as nailing Jell-o to a wall.

***

Now this was familiar, Carter thought as his ex-fiance smiled at him. This was something he could handle. There wouldn't be any half-confessions or outfits meant to tease a man to the point of leaving his own damn garage.

He frowned.

His date cleared her throat and he forced a smile back on his face. April's had never left, perfectly white and full like a toothpaste commercial. Her hair was perfectly made up, just like the rest of her. No extraneous emotions, no outbursts...at least not in front of her daddy's constituents.

This was a woman in control of her wardrobe, her life and her career. In bed. Unfortunately, that hadn't translated into I'm-in-control-of-my-man and you'd better make each orgasm better than the last one. Too bad, because he wouldn't have been opposed to that in the least.

No, every move was calculated. Every sigh and moan. Eventually, great sex had become stale for him, because it felt like she was checking off a list. As in football season has started, guess it's time to break out the cheerleading outfit that's three sizes too small.

Even their breakup had been polite. A perfectly orchestrated scene in one of Charlotte's finest restaurants. She'd cried and told him how sorry she was for wasting his time, but she wasn't ready to settle down. Or any kind of commitment. Amazingly enough he'd been okay with that, not that he hadn't loved April. He had, but it was a toxic kind of love.

There had also been the little digs she'd like to get in, the flirtations she liked to start with other men to make him jealous and the angry sex...lots of angry make-up sex, too. Damn near exhausting.

In the end he hadn't liked the person he'd become while they were together, and had been searching for a way out of months. Breaking off an engagement with the daughter of the current Governor wasn't something a guy could just do without ramifications-at least according to April's father.

Maybe this hadn't been the best idea.

"This is probably a surprise for you," April said, toying with her still full glass of wine.

Carter forced his smile wider. "I'm not opposed to having dinner with old friends. We didn't end our relationship on bad terms, you know." His mother had been thrilled when she found out he was having dinner with April while he'd wanted to strangle the person who had told Leah his business. Leah had made it perfectly clear that she wanted him to get back together with April. That he and April would have the most beautiful babies together. As the oldest, it was Carter's duty to provide grandchildren as soon as possible.

That perfect smile of hers slipped, becoming brittle. "Maybe you didn't but I did."

He blinked. "Excuse me?"

She glanced around the dining room. Patrons talked, drank and ate, ignoring them. "I know you cheated on me, Carter, and I think you should finally come clean about it."

"You're out of your mind," he said, then took a deep breath. "I've never cheated on anyone. Never will either."

She shook her head, brittle smile staying firmly in place. "Daytona, after party. Cute blonde, wearing a racing jumpsuit. Big brown eyes staring at you with hero worship. You took her back to her hotel room because she'd gotten sick." She made little air quotes.

There was only one cute blonde that fit that description: Melanie Ann Smith. He'd invited her and his sister, along with his brothers to the race and the party afterwards. "Melanie? Oh, come on, I've known her since she was eight."

When April remained silent, he added. "She'd had too much to drink and so had my sister. No telling where the two of them would've ended up without my help. My God, April, you were there."

Hair the color of caramel was tossed over a slender shoulder."Yeah, and I came to see what was taking you so long."

The implication that he'd been found guilty and convicted without a trial turned his body hot with fury. "And?"

"I saw you scoop her up in your arms and she snuggled all against you before you smiled at her and walked inside. Like y'all had done that before." April laughed. "Who am I kidding? You had to have done that before, because you sure as hell never smiled at me like that."

Jesus H. Christ. A f**king smile made him guilty? "Well, if you had stuck around, then you would have seen me come out about thirty seconds later-alone." He picked up his napkin from his lap and threw it on the table. "I give women a whole lot more than thirty seconds of pleasure and you know it, having been on the receiving end."

"I'm pregnant," April said and his mouth fell open. There was a gasp and his head jerked up, finding Melanie, only a few feet away, staring at him. Her face was pale and he'd never seen her eyes so big. Hell, he'd never seen her looked so crushed, not even when he and April had announced their engagement.

"Isn't that convenient," April said, her voice smug. "I think she's in love with you."

Melanie in love with him? A crush, maybe, but that was a long time ago. "No. She's just known me forever and..." He watched Melanie run outside. Fuck. But he couldn't go after her. Not right now. He directed his attention back to April. "I'll do right by you and"-he swallowed-"the baby." The response was automatic, taking responsibility for his actions something that had been taught to him for as long as he could remember.

"I'm four months along." April's eyes narrowed. "We haven't slept together in eight months, Carter. It's not yours. The father is daddy's new campaign manager, Ned." She shook her head and muttered, "Why is it that the pretty ones are always so stupid?"

Relief coursed through him and he tried to feel remorse or even like an ass, but he couldn't. And he didn't give a shit about her stupid remark. Thing was, he couldn't imagine his entire life tied to April. The baby, he wouldn't have minded at all. Only he or she would be used in campaign ads, whether he liked it or not.

"So, why are you telling me?" he asked.

"Because I cheated with Ned in retaliation, and that's why I quit screwing you before we broke up." April lifted her glass of wine, then set it back down and picked up her glass of water.

Rubbing his temples, he exhaled. "Let me get this straight: You thought I cheated on you, so instead of talking to me and finding out the truth, you decided to screw another man to get back at me, but kept everything quiet." Her logic made his head hurt. "And your problem is?"

"Ned is married."

"Of course he is." Carter pinched the bridge of his nose, then dropped his hand to the table. "Again, why are you telling me this?"

"Daddy's willing to make it worth your while to claim it's yours." She pulled a check out of her purse, placed it on the table and slid it over to him.

The amount of zeros made him blink. It was a damn good thing he had morals, and the millions he'd accumulated over the past few years didn't hurt things. "To avoid a scandal?"

April gave him this look and in that second he could see fifty years worth of that look. He shuddered. "Think of what it could do for you, to be married to the daughter of the Governor. Maybe translate into a run for office."

"You don't know me at all."

"We were together for three years, Carter. Of course, I know you," she snapped.

"Really?" he asked, his brows rising. "What's my favorite television show?"

"You don't have one."

"It's Golden Girls."

Frowning, she said, "Give me another one."

Yeah, she hated to be wrong. Ever. "Favorite beer?"

"Ale Brown Nights."

Well, she was bound to get one right. Plus, they had been a major sponsor of his. "Favorite cake?"

"Yellow, with buttercream frosting."

Melanie's voice slipped inside his head. Brought your favorite...German Chocolate... As upset as she'd looked, he hoped like hell she hadn't driven off somewhere. "Nope."

"Favorite track?"

"Talledega-too easy." Yeah, that was too easy, because that was all she had cared about: Carter winning every race. Confidence made her smile. "Give me something hard."

"Names and ages of all of my brothers and sisters. Since we were together for two years it should be easy, right?" Picking up his glass of red wide, he drank deeply and set the glass down.

"Zoe, twenty-four; Heath, nineteen; Evangeline, sixteen." She smirked. "Guess I know you better than you thought."

"Not so fast, honey. Heath's eighteen and you forgot the twins, Luke and Logan, twenty-three."

April's nose wrinkled. "But they're not your-"

"Luke and Logan are my brothers, no matter the color of their skin or what language they spoke first. Funny how right I was about you. Can't tell you how much I hate that I wasted so much time trying to prove myself wrong. "

"Now if you'll excuse me," he added and rose to his feet, paid their bill on the way out and went to look for Melanie.

***

Carter found Melanie out back, sniffing and shivering. White puffs of air floated with every breath she took.

Taking off his coat, he draped it over her shoulders. "Did I chase you off earlier today?"he asked. He hadn't returned to his garage until well after five. His office had been organized and he could tell she'd begun to clean.

"This is one of my jobs. I had the night off, but Kelsey called in sick," she said with another little sniff. "Congratulations, by the way."

"Not mine."

"Don't be a jerk, Carter."

He couldn't help but smile and shake his head. She would defend a woman who'd never been anything but rude to her. "This really isn't any of your business, but she's four months pregnant and we haven't been together in eight months. Math doesn't work out and she told me who the father is."

"Oh." She looked up at him then, the security lights in the parking lot highlighting her pretty face and the multiple paths of wetness on her cheeks. His heart pinched at the sight. "Sorry for calling you a jerk."

Using his thumb to wipe away the tears, he tried teasing her. "Gotta admit, I liked what you were wearing in my office better than what you have on now. Best theme outfit I've ever seen you in."

The most adorable scowl appeared on her face. Thinking she was adorable was okay. Puppies, kittens and babies were adorable. "Now I'm back to not being sorry."

He pulled his coat tighter around her body, then started buttoning her up. "Why's that?"

"Because you're teasing me." A lock of hair had come loose from her ponytail. It seemed to glow as he picked it up and tucked it behind her ear.

"I've always teased you, Melanie."

She licked her lips. That wasn't adorable in the least, mostly because it made him want to lick her lips, too. "Yeah, well, I don't want you doing it anymore."

Then how the hell was he supposed to talk to her? "You want me to treat you like a sister?" It hit him right in the gut how much he did not want to treat her like that, as if she were an afterthought, or still a pain in the ass kid that had followed him everywhere, always spying on him.

"You already treat me like one." Her shoulders fell, then she took a deep breath and looked him right in the eye. "I want to be treated like a woman, with needs and wants that only a certain kind of man can satisfy."

Damn, but she couldn't have said the most perfectly sexy and terrifying thing right then. "Suppose I know a man who'd be up for that. A man who'd not stop until every need and want was met to your satisfaction." Ah, hell. There was no going back now. His dick was all up for it. Literally. "And if it wasn't...well, he'd redouble his efforts and take it from the top."

"Is that man supposed to be you?"

"And if it were?"

"Fat chance that will happen," she said, her voice laced with sarcasm. "Not that I care. There are plenty of men around here."

Jealousy, hot and lethal to his state of mind, coursed through Carter, surprising him with its intensity. He pulled her to him. Her eyes grew wide, then heavy-lidded. Oh yeah, she cared. So, he leaned down, hovering his mouth mere inches from hers. "Baby, I'm your man."

Chapter Five

Gazing into Carter's dark green eyes set Melanie off-kilter, like she'd been spun around on a ride at the county fair and hadn't found her center of gravity yet. The only other time she'd ever been this up close and personal had been when he'd caught her taking pictures of him skinny dipping with Naomi Price in the Pamlico Sound. Though he wouldn't have caught her if she hadn't fallen out of the tree she'd been hiding in.

Except this time, there wasn't murder and embarrassment on his face as he patted her down, searching for broken legs or arms while yelling at her for being a nosy pain in his rear.

Oh no, Carter was extremely serious.

His lips lightly brushed against hers, over and over, like he was teasing her. She tried to put her arms around to get him to kiss her fully, only they were trapped beneath his coat. She was trapped beneath his coat. She'd rather be trapped by his body.

"Carter," she whispered against his mouth. "Kiss me."

"Patience, sweetheart."

"I've waited my whole life for this."

"You say the most amazing things to puff up a man's ego." He her drew in her bottom lip and lightly bit it. Her knees went weak and she sagged against him. "Like that?"

Nodding, she rose up on her toes. She used the tip of her tongue to trace the seam of his mouth. As soon as he parted his lips, she slid inside and his tongue met hers. He growled, his shoes crunching on gravel as he moved out of the parking lot light.

His hands moved to the front of his coat, unbuttoning and sliding inside to touch her. One of his thumbs found a tight nipple through her thin bra and shirt, beginning a slow glide. "Before the night is over, I'm going to have these in my mouth," he said between kisses as he pushed up her shirt.

The cold night air washed over her but she was too hot for him to care.

"Unfasten your bra."

Hands trembling with desire and excitement went to the fastening in the front, his dark gaze tracking her movements. With one tug, the fabric fell away and her br**sts spilled out.

"Jesus Christ that's a sweet sight." All at once, he pivoted and her back hit the brick wall of the restaurant. He sealed his mouth over hers and cupped her br**sts. For long, sweet moments, there was nothing but his mouth on hers. Nothing but tasting and pleasure. Nothing but Carter.

Then his head dipped, lips wrapping around a taut nipple. She cried out when he began to suck, deep pulls followed by slow swirls of his tongue. "You taste so damn good."He sandwiched a thigh between her legs, pressing against where she throbbed the most. "There you go...grind down on me."

Shamelessly, she rolled her hips and rode him. Moan after moan sang out. At this moment she didn't care who heard her.

From a distance she heard the squeaky hinges of the back door of the restaurant open. "That's it-you're fired."

Carter jerked away from her and she opened her eyes. "Oh my God." Her body ran cold, then hot with embarrassment. They'd been like two alley cats, in heat and going at it.

Light from the interior of the restaurant shone on him. His cheeks were flushed and he was breathing hard, but desire no longer flared his gorgeous eyes.

His gaze moved lower. "Fix your clothes before someone sees."

Trying not to flinch at his harsh tone, she refastened her bra and smoothed down her shirt. "Someone already saw." Us, she wanted to add, because she knew that was what he had meant to say.

His jaw worked. "I'll make sure Jack keeps his mouth shut."

Fisting her hands on her hips, she lifted her chin. "Worried about your reputation?"

"You've said and done some dumb things, Melanie," he said with a shake of his head, "But that blows them all out of the water."

If it had been anyone but him calling her dumb, she would have rolled her eyes and laughed it off. But this was Carter, the man who never said anything he didn't mean. "That's me: the town dummy," she said, tears gathering in her throat.

"You're twisting my words."

"Whatever." Pulling his coat from around her shoulder, she threw it at him and started for the door. "You always mean what you say." Her purse and fleece pullover were inside, under the utensil station. Maybe she could get in and out of there before anyone saw her.

He grabbed her arm, but she shook it off. "Don't touch me again. You know I have a good left hook and I'm not afraid to use it."

Carter let go. Actually, her left hook was great and he'd been the one to teach her how to make a fist properly. The rest came naturally. But none of that mattered, because he'd hurt her. "Would you stop and listen to me?"

She tossed her ponytail and crossed her arms. "Why-so you can tell me how smart I am?"

"No." A little gasp left her mouth and she spun on her heel. Son of a bitch. Way to go, Carter. He strode after her. "Let me finish."

Ignoring him, she kept walking and he kept following.

"Melanie Ann Smith, with God as my witness, if you don't quit acting like a child, I'll turn you over my knee and spank your ass." That got her attention. He smiled in grim satisfaction as she froze in place. Unfortunately, it also got the entire kitchen staff's attention.

All conversation stopped. Eight pairs of eyes stared at the two of them. Only the radio blared and pots of noodles bubbled in the background.

"I have to get my things," Melanie said, her voice hoarse. She knelt in the floor and pulled out her purse and pullover. "We can talk tomorrow morning, unless you're firing me, too."

He scrubbed his hand over his face. Her job. It was all his fault. "Tomorrow's fine. Don't be late."

"I'm always on time," he heard her say before she marched out the way she'd come in, face scarlet and head held high.

What was wrong with him? First he'd all but screwed Melanie in the parking lot, up against a building for Christ's sake. Then he'd humiliated the hell out of her when they'd gotten caught. He had to fix this for her. It was the least he could do before he apologized.

Carter nodded at Jack, who'd just walked in. "We need to talk."

"She'd already been warned about taking too long of a break," Jack said, wiping his hands on the apron around his hips.

"This is was my fault, not hers," Carter insisted, hoping to get the man to listen to reason. He'd known Jack since first grade. They'd played high school football together and sneaked six-packs of beer on the activity bus after games.

Jack grunted. "Maybe so. But I've got a business to run."

"I know you do and I respect that, but she needs this job." Carter shook out his coat, then put it on.

"Then you hire her."

"I did."

A slow smile kicked up the corners of Jack's mouth. "Problem solved." He turned his attention to the cooks. "Get back to work. I'm not paying you to stand around."

"Thanks for your help, Jack," Carter called over his shoulder.

"Consider it payback. I lost ten grand on you last year." Jack grabbed a plate, inspecting it before sending it out. "Now that you're a has-been, I can recoup my money on your teammate, Jake."

Has-been? He was twenty-seven years old and could beat anyone in a race, blindfolded. Done it once too. Although it hadn't turned out so well on the victory lap.

Carter started to tell Jack to go f**k himself, then shook his head and strode outside. People like Jack were exactly why Carter should open his business in Charlotte. Small towns bred small minds.

***

Forty-five minutes later, Carter found himself crossing the Johnston county line. To his right he spied a sign advertizing a Sprint Car Race and it just so happened to be tonight.

He glanced at the clock on the dash and grinned. It was almost seven, plenty of time to catch the last few races. Downshifting, he headed to his old stomping grounds.

Turning down a dark, bumpy road, he headed to the brightly lit track where he'd gotten his start. A man with a light baton pointed to a semi-full row of vehicles. Carter found the closest empty space and parked, his heart pumping with adrenaline.

The roar of Sprint Car engines had him pick up his pace, until he jogged to the entrance. He paid admission, bought a beer and ambled over to the stands. He climbed up to the back of the bleachers, where he wouldn't have to wear protective eye-gear or ear plugs. Men and women covered in a sheen of dirt nodded at him, some widening their eyes and whispering.

The stands and his chest rumbled as a pack of cars raced by, a chain length fence the only thing separating the spectators from the action. The smell of racing fuel and burnt rubber filled the air, making him feel right at home.

A little boy, wearing a shirt with Carter's face on the back, glanced over his shoulder, eyes widening as Carter grinned at him. Tugging on his dad's arm, the kid pointed behind him. Both turned to Carter and this time it was the dad who got that holy-crap-it's-you look on his face.

"Come on up," Carter mouthed at the duo, with an uptick of his chin.

Grinning big, the kid and his dad made their way to him.

"Hi, I'm Carter. What's your name?" Carter shook the boy's hand.

"Kyle." Kyle's grin nearly split his face in two, as he continued to shake Carter's hand. "I knew it was you, Mr. Ambrose."

"C'mon now, Kyle, Mr. Ambrose is my dad," he said, finally getting his hand back. "You can call me Carter."

"My cousin, Beau, is racing right now. He wants to be just like you, Mr. Carter, only without hitting the wall twice in one year."Kyle's skin went white under his freckles, as though he'd just realized he'd insulted him.

"Ouch." Carter gave the kid a mock wince, then tapped the brim of Kyle's baseball cap. "Beau sounds like a smart kid."

Another pack of cars approached and all conversation stopped as the three of them braced for the next mini-earthquake.

"Stanley Phelps." Kyle's dad extended a hand. "Hope we're not bothering you, but Kyle's a real big fan, just like the rest of us. My nephew has posters of you all over his room."

Carter clapped the man on his shoulder, a puff of dirt floating up. "You're not bothering me at all. I'm mighty honored that y'all are taking time away from watching your nephew to come talk to me."

"There he is," Kyle shouted, pointing to a bright green car. It broke sideways on the corner, then righted itself on the straightaway.

"He's good." Carter took a pull of his beer when Beau almost painted the bumper of another car. And seriously reckless. The kid was going to get his ass kicked after the race if he didn't watch it.

"Can we sit with you, Mr. Carter?" Kyle sat down on the bleacher.

Nodding, Carter sat down beside him and Stanley took the opposite side of this son. They watched the race, the occasional hiss of breath and cheer from Kyle breaking their silence.

A woman waved a flag over the track, signaling that it was the last lap.

"Go, Beau, go," Kyle shouted, but the kid's enthusiasm didn't help. His cousin came in next to last place. "Well, crud, tonight was his last race. Daddy said he couldn't spend any more money, until he won one."

Stanly and Kyle stood, shoulder slumped and faces glum.

"Thanks for letting us sit with you," Stanley said with a tip of his hat.

"Beau won't believe it when I tell him who we sat with during the race," Kyle crowed, jumping up and down on the bleachers.

Carter stood, craning his neck to find the driver of the bright green car. Beau emerged, tossing his helmet to another kid, then kicked at the dirt. Carter knew exactly how he felt.

"Would it be alright if I said hello to Beau?"

Stanley nodded and Kyle grabbed Carter's hand. He followed them down to the Pit. Memories bubbling to the surface of his first race, his first wreck and the first time he got his ass handed to him. Carter couldn't fight the grin. So much better than all the frowning and grimacing he'd been doing in the past twenty-four hours. The tightness that had worked its way deep inside of him eased and he exhaled, blowing away the frustration.

"Is that Carter Ambrose?" A sandy-haired boy's mouth dropped open, gum falling to the ground.

Winking, Carter put a finger to his lips. He didn't mind people discovering he was here, but having it advertised was another. The fans in the bleachers should be cheering on their local favorites, not him. Taking away another driver's fifteen minutes wasn't anywhere on his radar.

Carter hung back as Stanley talked to his nephew. All of seventeen, with hair the same shade of green as the Sprint car stuck up in clumps, Beau pointed to the track and shook his head. A silver hoop pierced his lip while dirt streaked his face and his suit.

Beau walked over to him, an expression of chagrin on his face. "Holy shit, it is you."

"Watch your mouth," Stanley shouted.

Rolling his eyes, Beau leaned into Carter. "He gets on my ass all the time for my language but my aunt's the one that curses like a sailor. Uncle Stanley don't say a damn thing to her."

"Yeah, well...happy wife, happy life," Carter said. He sliced his gaze to the Sprint Car. "Can I take a look?"

"Have at it. Maybe you can tell me what's wrong with her."

Carter ran his hand over the roof, sliding his fingers down to the hood that was still hot. The kid's ride was sweet. Popping the hood, he checked out the engine. You could tell a lot about a man by the cleanliness of his engine. Or lack thereof. Chrome glinted under the track lights, shiny and mostly free from dirt.

Beau cared alright. A point in his favor, but would he be able to take some constructive criticism? Being able to not only take, but follow a season racer's advice took a good driver to great, maybe even outstanding.

"Ever consider it might be the driver and not the equipment?"

Beau crossed his arms. "Maybe."

Kyle ran over and climbed in the window. He began to make racing sounds.

"You a betting man?"

"Sometimes." Beau lifted his chin, all cocky attitude. "If the prize is worth anything."

"Four hundred says you come in the top two the next time you race, if you listen to my advice." Carter pressed the hood down and looked Beau in the eye. "If you don't, I'll pay your entry fees for the rest of the season and for your fuel. Either way, you win."

Beau grinned and stuck out his hand. "You got a deal."

An hour later, Carter was four hundred short and covered in dirt from head to toe as he headed back to his truck. Sometimes everything worked out just right. Beau was teachable and not totally stubborn or hot-heated.

Turned out, the kid and his family had just moved to the outskirts of Holland Springs, from Forestville. He would be starting Holland Springs High School next week.

So, Carter had given him a job in his garage. Which meant that he would have to find something for the kid to do when he moved back to Charlotte...if he moved back to Charlotte. If, if, if.

Letting his head fall back against the headrest, he considered driving his truck into the ocean. That made about as much sense as giving Beau a job and getting involved with Melanie.

Only it made complete sense. Yeah, he was completely screwed.

Chapter Six

Melanie flipped down the visor and took one last look at herself, before heading inside to Carter's office. Her make-up was subdued, her hair straight as a board (and boring as one) and there was nothing remotely sexy about her outfit.

She got out of her old Honda, locking the door behind her.

Her borrowed lime green skirt swished around her legs as she walked, gravel made of oyster shells and rock crunching under her boots. The skirt was supposed to be ankle length, only she had borrowed it from Zoe who was about four inches shorter and had had it hemmed.

A cold breeze blew, making her wrap the bright orange wool cardigan tighter around her. It was possibly the most hideous outfit she'd ever worn. What looked cute on her best friend, made Melanie look like a Halloween costume gone wrong.

Carter blinked at her a couple of times as she walked through the garage. In his hand he held some kind of tool and there was a black smudge on his cheek. The dark grey thermal t-shirt he wore emphasized his muscular arms, and she knew that if he gave her the back view of his jeans, her lady parts would get all tingly.

Stupid lady parts.

"Morning," he said, setting the tool down and grabbing a cloth. Walking toward her, he wiped off his hands and smiled. "There's fresh pot of coffee in there."

"I don't drink coffee, and you missed a spot on your cheek."

"Not you, too." After wiping off his face, he threw the towel in a hamper by the office door. "I need at least two cups before I even feel human."

"Maybe I'm just too dumb to know any better," she snapped, then inwardly cringed. This wasn't how to keep a job. Thanks to her lack of good judgment and ability to tell time, she couldn't tell Carter to take his assistant position and shove it.

His deep green eyes grew serious. "I don't think you're dumb."

"But you said-"

"I know what I said. And it came out all wrong. I'd like for you to forgive me and for us to start over." He moved closer to her and she had to tilt her head back look at him. Something she thought was sexy as hell. Being five foot eight, it made her feel all dainty when she wore heels and a man towered over her. Well, not a man. Carter.

She frowned at her wayward thoughts.

Misunderstanding her frown, he took a step forward. "Tell me what I have to do to fix it. This isn't us."

"There isn't an 'us', Carter."

He took another step forward and she stepped back, glancing over her shoulder. They repeated their dance until he'd managed to shepherd her into his office and shut the door behind him. "I made it pretty damn clear last night-"

She pushed at his chest, her palm meeting with muscles so hard that she wanted to weep. "You made it perfectly clear that I'm fine to mess around with in the dark, where no one can see."

His brows drew together, perfect lips thinning. "I had your nipple in my mouth when Jack came storming out there. He could see everything. Everything he had no damn business or right to see."

Was Carter being possessive? Maybe even a little jealous? A wicked part of her wanted to find out the truth. "Who says he hadn't already seen everything."

He was on her so quickly that her heart barely had time to beat twice. "He won't be seeing everything ever again."Carter's voice was smooth and calm, in direct conflict with the fury in his eyes. Strong hands tightened around her upper arms.

"I'm a grown woman. If I want to prance up and down Broad Street wearing nothing but two band-aids and a leaf, there's nothing you can do about it." She tried wiggling out of his embrace, but his grip was like steel bands. "You don't own me."

"Damn, but you drive me crazy." He brushed his lips over hers and she shivered. "Always have."

"The feeling's entirely mutual."

"Is it now?" he asked with a smile so smug that she wanted to wipe it off his face. He bent his head down, his breath hot on her neck. "Last night I dreamed about you."

Her head fell back of its own accord as his tongue traced a path along her jaw. She could barely get out the words, "You did?"

"Oh yeah," his voice had gone deep, almost guttural sounding. "You showed up at my garage wearing a trench coat with nothing but stocking and garters on underneath. And stilettos. Can't forget those."

She could stop herself from asking, "Then what happened?"

"Why don't I show you?" He lifted her in his arms, his large hands cupping her butt. A good thing since her knees had ceased to exist. Unable to speak, she wrapped her legs around his waist, his erection deliciously pressing against her sex. He set her down on the edge of his desk and smiled like the confident man he'd become. "Never took you for the quiet type."

"Never took you for the type that never shuts up," she said, leaning back and propped her arms on the desktop while he made quick work of the buttons on her cardigan.

"You can shut me up anytime, baby."

Eyeing the large Crown Royale clock over the door, she said, "You've got ten minutes."

He pushed the cups of her bra down until her br**sts popped out, tight ni**les begging for his attention. "Fast is for the racetrack, not the bedroom." He tweaked a hard peak and her hips jerked.

"An assistant is for working, not screwing on top of your desk during business hours," she panted. No way in hell they'd have sex while she was on the clock.

Green eyes laced with bits of black glinted. "Ten minutes it is." Then he sealed his mouth over hers. Her hands went to his head, curling her fingers into his short strands of hair. He tasted of coffee and mint...and Carter. All male and all hers.

Large hands slid under her skirt, up her bare thighs until he discovered what she wasn't wearing. "Ah, hell...no panties," he growled against her mouth. "So damn wet."

She gasped as he thrust two fingers inside of her, his thumb finding her clitoris with a practiced ease.

"Ten minutes isn't enough time to f**k you properly." He tugged on her bottom lip, then released it. "Instead I'm going play and you're going to come all over my hand."

Staring up at him, she could feel the blush spreading over her face. Carter never talked like this-so raw and dirty. He pumped his fingers in and out of her, his thumb pressing hard as it moved in circular motions.

"That's it...ride my fingers," he said before biting down on the lobe of her ear. She moaned in response. "Damn, but you are tight. I can barely move."

"It's been...a while," she said, her voice breaking on a moan.

He leaned back, looking at her. "Want me to make it easier on you?"

She closed her eyes, her hips rising to meet his thrusts. "H-how?"

"Like this." Suddenly, he shifted, his soft hair brushing against her bare thighs.

Her eyes opened. Then his tongue replaced his thumb and she cried out. He pushed her down to his desk with his free hand, wrapping his arm around her hips to pull her even closer to the edge.

Teasing licks around her clitoris had her gulping for air. And when he sucked it into his mouth, she let out a scream and smacked the top of his desk with her palms. Either she would burst into flames or pass out if he did that again.

"Touch yourself. Make those sweet ni**les of yours even harder," he rasped against her delicate folds. He flicked his tongue over her clit, his eyes so dark they looked black.

Without hesitating, she trailed the tips of her fingers over her br**sts, watching Carter watch her as he continued to lick and suck and fill her. She pinched her ni**les, rolling them between her fingers until she heard him groan.

"You're gonna feel so f**king good around my cock."

The thought of him inside of her, thrusting harder and deeper than his fingers was enough to send her over the edge. Once more, he sucked her clitoris into his mouth and she went up in flames, screaming his name as she burned.

Carter was so hard, his dick could be used as a car jack.

He glanced back at the clock. Five minutes. The hands of the clock burned into his brain, until he looked down at the woman splayed so wantonly on his desk. All flushed from her orgasm, messy hair and pouty lips begging to be kissed. Satisfaction rose in him. He'd done that to her.

And he was going to do it again.

Leaning down, he kissed her gently, until she ran her hands up his arms and pulled him down to her. The kiss deepened, tongues slipping and sliding against the other.

The garage door hummed and rattled as it began to rise.

Panic filled Melanie's eyes. "Let me up," she said, her voice reed thin.

Helping her up, he winced as his fly rubbed against his erection. He would be sore as hell in a few hours.

"Carter," a very familiar female voice called out. "Where are you?"

"In here, momma."

Melanie's face went white, then she moved at warp speed. "Oh God, oh God," she chanted as she smoothed down her shirt, skirt and hair. She whirled to face him. "Do I look okay?"

"Fine," he lied, snagging the daily paper to hold in front of him to conceal his hard-on. She looked like a woman had who just been satisfied while he felt like a damn teenager.

"Good morning," Leah Ambrose said as she walked in the office. She stopped, glancing from him to Melanie. "Did I come at a bad time?"

He sliced his gaze to Melanie and raised his brows conspiratorially.

Melanie's mouth trembled, then her hand slammed over it and she ran out of the office, shoulders shaking. The sound of her laughter echoed in the garage and it was all Carter could do to not join her.

Leah's forehead wrinkled. "She always was a strange girl. Bless her heart."

He frowned. "What brings you out here?"

"I need a reason to visit my son?" Leah walked around the room, eyes not missing a thing. "Thought I'd invite you to dinner tonight."

"April still there?" Just saying her name was enough to get rid of his erection. He threw the paper on his desk and moved to the coffee maker, pouring himself another cup. "Want some?"

"No thank you," Leah said, her voice prim. "And yes, she's still here. Poor girl is devastated you won't give her another chance. I spent almost the entire night consoling her."

"Send her back to Charlotte." He took a sip of his coffee, not really wanting to wash away the taste of Melanie on his tongue. Turning to face his mother, Melanie walked back inside his office. His heart flipped his chest. There was no stopping the grin that kicked up his mouth at the corners.

Melanie returned that grin with a sweet, confident smile of her own.

"I see."

He jerked his attention back to his mother. "Good."

"Guess I'll let you two get back to work." Leah's lips thinned for a moment, then she smiled, but it didn't quite reach her eyes. Yeah, she was really unhappy with him. But there was no way in hell he would get back together with April.

"See you tonight, Ms. Leah," Melanie said, "Zoe invited me to dinner."

"Isn't that something," his mother said as she ran her eyes up and down Melanie. "Did she invite you into her closet as well?"

A dull flush crept up Melanie's throat. "I-I-"

"You know how those two are," Carter said, unable to fully comprehend how rude his mother had just been. "Besides I think that outfit looks good on her. Maybe a little early for dressing up as the Great Pumpkin for Halloween though."

"The Great Pumpkin. Seriously?" Melanie rolled her eyes, but the embarrassed look on her face had disappeared. "Gee thanks."

Their exchange seemed to mollify Leah, because she shook her head and tsked. "Some things never change."

A wicked gleam appeared in Melanie's eyes and he gave her a don't-you-say-it look. Thankfully she kept her mouth shut and only waved good-bye to Leah as she left.

He shut the office door and moved closer to Melanie, placing his hands on her hips. "Now where were we?"

She leaned into him, her br**sts rubbing against his shirt as her lips touched his throat. His mouth went dry. "At work. Your ten minutes was up five minutes ago." Then the little witch laughed at him and wriggled out of his embrace.

Chapter Seven

"Are you really not coming to dinner?" Melanie asked, her purse on her shoulder and her hand on the door. It was after five-thirty and she needed to be at the Ambroses' house before six. Leah was worse about being punctual than Carter, which explained where he got it.

Carter leaned back in his seat, closing his eyes and shoving his hands behind his head. His eyes opened. "Yeah. Although now that I know you're going to be there, I'm liable to change my mind...or yours. In fact, why don't you come back here for dessert?"

She gripped the doorknob harder. All thoughts of what he really meant by dessert make her knees go weak. "I could do that."

"I'll give you half an hour to eat, then get your sweet ass out of there," he said.

"But it'll take longer than that to help clear the dishes and wash them," she protested. She always helped, it was practically second nature.

"Not my problem."

"What am I supposed to say: 'Excuse me, I need to go have sex with your son?'"

"Probably not the wisest thing to admit." He shrugged. "I'm sure you'll think of something."

A trickle of doubt seeped into her. He could have told her to tell his family that they were dating or something like that, but maybe after being engaged for so long he didn't want a real relationship. Maybe he wanted something more casual. "So I guess our relationship is a secret." Tell me I'm wrong, she silently pleaded.

Something hard glinted in his eyes.

"Seeing how I work for you and all. Plus people would talk and you know how people like to see things that aren't really there," she added in a rush.

He grunted, whether to agree with her or not, she wouldn't know, because his phone rang. "See you later. We'll talk more about this secret relationship," he said, then answered his cell. "Jake, you son of a bitch. How's she running?"

Shoulders drooping, she opened the door.

"Hold on a minute. Melanie?"

Joy rushed through her and she turned to face him. "Yes?"

"Don't forget to drop off those two packages at the post office for me. I left them by the front door." He directed his attention back to the phone. "Have you checked the rear axel?"

"No problem," she mumbled, feeling like the biggest fool on the planet. She snagged the packages and took a deep breath as the sharp January air hit her.

After unlocking her car and placing the packages in the back seat, she got inside and started up the engine. She gripped the steering wheel and let her head fall against it. Reconciling herself with this new-to-her side of Carter wouldn't be easy. There would be no turning back from it either. Things would never be the same between them.

Oh God, she was being way too dramatic. Just because she'd never had had a friends-with-benefits type of relationship didn't mean she couldn't do that with Carter.

Plenty of her other girlfriends did it. Heck, even uptight Kelsey Griggs had her booty call on speed dial. Still.

Lifting her head, she eased her death grip on the steering wheel and put the car in drive. In no time at all she'd dropped off the packages, arrived at the Ambroses' house and now sat at their huge dinner table.

As usual Leah had cooked a Sunday after church meal and it was only Wednesday evening. Something that Melanie would never complain about. Ever. Unlike on Sunday afternoons when the entire family ate together, only Carter's parents sat at the formal dining room table, along with Zoe and-Melanie inwardly made a face-April.

"Sorry," Zoe whispered. "I thought she'd be gone by now."

Melanie glanced April's way and smiled. Well, bared her teeth at the woman. "Maybe she's waiting on a summons from the governor."

Zoe and Melanie broke out in giggles. Leah frowned at them, then cast a sympathetic glance April's way. "I know you're used to better company, sugar."

"Oh no, ma'am. I think it keeps me grounded to know what those less fortunate than us have to go through. Like eating at a family friend's house, so she doesn't go hungry," April said, returning Melanie's smile with a smirk. "It's why I support my father's initiative-"

"None of that kind of talk at the table," Lawton Ambrose said. "I have enough trouble digesting as it is."

Leah shook her head at her husband and tapped him on the arm. "Don't mind him, April."

"When are you headed home, April?" Zoe asked and Melanie could've kissed her best friend. "I'm sure you have a lot to do, with your dad in campaign mode."

"Zoe Martha, where are your manners?" Leah scolded. "April is welcome to stay here as long as she likes."

April looked down at her plate, the perfect picture of demure southern belle. "I'm not sure Carter would like that."

Leah reached across the table, patting the younger woman's hand in reassurance. "He doesn't mind one bit. I spoke to him today about it and he's so very sorry that he couldn't come tonight. But you know how he likes to tinker on car engines."

April shook her head, caramel color hair sliding forward. "That's nice of you to say, but I think he has other things on his mind."

"Just give him time to get whatever has gotten into him out of his system. Let him hit rock bottom with the trash so he can realize what a treasure he has in you," Leah said as she reached for her glass of water and took a sip.

Melanie's mouth fell open, then she snapped it shut.

"Momma," Zoe gasped. "That was an ugly thing to say."

"Oh, you know present company is excluded," Leah said, then smiled. As if sugar wouldn't melt in her mouth.

Biting the inside of her cheek, Melanie struggled to stay quiet. She stabbed at the green bean casserole on her plate a few times, before spearing piece of chicken.

"Carter did mention something about one of the local girls. That she was head over heels for him, but he made it clear that he wasn't interested in a long term thing." April raised her head and shrugged. "Maybe she gave him something I didn't, seeing as how I'm saving myself for marriage."

Melanie choked, earning a swift pounding on the back from Zoe and a would-you-mind look from Leah. "Wrong pipe," she rasped before taking a drink of sweet tea.

"Too bad Evangeline had cheerleading practice tonight," her best friend whispered. "I can only imagine what she would have to say."

Clearing his throat, Lawton rose to his feet. "I'm taking my supper in the living room."

Just as Lawton left, the phone rang and Leah excused herself from the table.

The dining room was silent but for the scrape of utensils. Not that Melanie expected April to talk to her, but she did expect April to at least make small talk with Zoe.

"Have you been working out, Zoe? I swear you look sooo much skinnier than the last time I saw you," April said and Melanie fought the urge to smack the woman. "It's not healthy to carry all that extra weight, with your face and all."

"Not that you're not pretty in your own way," April added.

Stunned, Melanie could only gape at April.

"I weigh exactly the same as I did eight months ago," Zoe said, her nose lifting in the air. "And there's not a dang thing wrong with my face."

Melanie reached for Zoe's hand, squeezing it tight. "I think you're gorgeous, doll. And so does Gabriel."

"Who are you doing, I mean dating, Melissa?"

"No one," Melanie said through clenched teeth. "Thanks for asking."

April leaned forward in her chair. "Already went through all the boys around here?"

"And then some," Melanie shot back, crossing her arms over her chest. "Now I'm making my way through all the men."

"Melanie Ann Smith," Leah gasped, her hand on her heart. "You will not talk like that in front of Zoe. She's a good girl."

"I am not," Zoe snapped. "There are lots of things I've done that you know nothing about." She grabbed her plate, stood up and left the room, calling over her shoulder, "I'm going over to Gabriel's. Who knows what sorts of things we'll be doing."

Melanie almost gave her best friend a standing ovation. Instead she smiled and made a mental note to text Zoe later.

"See what you've done," Leah said, her eyes narrowing.

"What I've done?" Melanie said, her nose scrunching on one side. "It's that thing you've invited into your home that started all this."

"You will not insult-"

"She's right, Ms. Ambrose. It's all my fault." Fat tears rolled down April's face. "I was only trying to help Zoe. She's like a little sister to me and I can't stand to see someone downplaying their looks."

"What a crock," Melanie muttered, yanking her napkin out of her lap. "Thank you for dinner, but I need to go, too."

"Don't forget to take some key lime pie with you, sugar," Leah said. "I made it just for you."

"I will and thank you," Melanie said, feeling as if her head wanted to spin like a top. The woman had insulted her at Carter's garage and again at dinner, but had also taken the time to make (and remember) her favorite dessert?

"Something else the matter, Mrs. Ambrose?" April asked as Melanie scraped her chair back and picked up her plate.

"Just my brother, John. I know I shouldn't talk, but you're like a daughter to me and well, he and Raylene have been having problems," Leah said. "He wants to take her a special trip but she always has other plans."

Oh God. She did not need to hear this, because she had a sinking feeling that Raylene's plans were Melanie's dad.

Melanie practically ran out of the room and lobbed her plate on the kitchen counter. Opening a cabinet near the sink, she found some Tupperware and threw in a big slice of pie, then headed out the back door.

Melanie had never left the Ambrose house so quickly in her life, or ever been so happy to do so. Jumping in her car, she started it up and headed home. She had no desire to have dessert with Carter or anyone else for that matter. All she wanted was a bubble bath and a romance novel. Those two things never failed to put her in a better mood.

***

One bubble bath and half a romance novel later, Melanie was still in a foul mood. She tossed the book on the floor and grabbed the towel off the hook, wrapping it around her shivering body. Maybe it was time for some pie.

After drying off and putting on her robe, she walked to the kitchen and rummaged through the silverware drawer for a fork. She took the fat slice of pie out of the fridge and the plastic container, placing it on a paper plate, because there was no darn way she felt like doing dishes. A house without a dishwasher meant that everything had to be done by hand.

One slice of heaven later, she licked the fork clean and chunked it the sink. That she could get tomorrow when she cleaned up her mess from breakfast. As she headed to her bedroom, her phone buzzed and she scooped it up. "Carter," she muttered.

Where are you? I'm getting worried.

Yeah, she bet he was. He was worried he wouldn't be getting any tonight, and he was right.

I'm fine.

And?

Oh she knew what that meant. He wanted to know when she'd be coming over there, like some kind of desperate woman. Well here you go, she thought as she sent another text.

Thank you for asking.

This time, her phone rang. Sighing, she flopped down her bed and answered it. "Hello."

"'Thank you for asking?'" Carter all but growled into the phone.

"Oh, did I need to send you a note instead of a text?"

"You need to get over here."

Staring at the ceiling, she counted the glow-in-the-dark stars that had never fallen off. "No."

"No?" God, she so wish she could see his face right now, because he sounded shocked as hell. A thick sigh later, he said, "Tell me what to do to fix this."

"How about what not to do?" she asked slowly, then braced for his comeback. He had to have one. Although a very large part of her would die if he did.

"I'm listening."

Melanie blinked, then glanced at her phone. That wasn't the comeback she expected. Her shoulders tensed as she thought about exactly what should be on her list of don'ts. "Don't order me to come to your place just for sex. Don't ignore me at work...and don't treat me like a...a-"

"Piece of ass," he supplied.

"Yes."

"No problem."

Tension left her shoulders. It couldn't be that easy. A woman couldn't have that kind of conversation with a man and him say 'No problem'. "I'm still not coming over tonight."

"Didn't figure you were."

Now she wanted to come over to his place. Stay strong, Melanie. "See you tomorrow at work."

"Sounds good. Oh, and Melanie?"

"Yeah?"

"Two things. First, don't give my sister back the outfit you borrowed. I don't think I could take seeing Zoe wear it after today." Melanie struggled not to laugh at the seriousness in his voice. "Second, how about wearing something more you tomorrow?"

"Yes to the first, and maybe to the second." She rolled to her side and traced a figure eight on the covers. "I tend to go a little overboard with my themes."

"I think your themes are perfect," he said. "Don't go changing on my account."

She melted inside, got all nice and gooey at the center. This was the Carter of her dreams. "Maybe a little theme then."

He laughed, then the line went silent. "Did you want to keep talking or say good night?"

She froze, her finger stuck at the upper curve of the eight. "Um...keeping talking?"

"Remember that time you went to John Hampton's place and blew up his barn?"

Her mouth dropped and she sat up. "I did not blow up his barn! It just caught on fire a little bit after the propane tank quit doing its job of holding everything inside."

"A little bit." Carter snorted. "It took the fire department all day to put it out."

"Worried I'm going to do that to your garage?"

"Maybe." She could hear the smile in his voice.

"Carter!"

"Hey, I can't help what I know about my employee's past misdeeds."

Laughing, she brought her knees up and wrapped one arm around them. "You know what?"

"What?"

"This, what we're doing right now, is on my Do List."

"I know," he said, right before his voice dropped lower and made her heart speed up. "Want to know what's on my Do List when it comes to you?"

She shivered in excitement. "Yes."

Low laughter came over the line. "What are you wearing right now, Melanie?"

Unwrapping her arm from around her knees, she settled against her pillows and smiled. "I was hoping you'd ask me that." It was going to be a very long and naughty phone conversation with him-she hoped.

Chapter Eight

Melanie had tried. She really had, but there wasn't enough will-power in her for her stop.

She glanced down at her outfit and grinned. Today she wore a bright red t-shirt with Carter's racing number on it, black and white checkered shorts, and since it was the middle of January, black leggings tucked into knee high black boots.

Every time she caught Carter staring, she over-exaggerated her movements. Bent over just a little bit more, throw her shoulder back a little bit further, put a little more hip action in her walk. But true to Carter's word and her Don't List, he treated her like an employee during work hours. He talked to her, ate lunch with her in the office and even asked her opinion on things she didn't have a clue about. Like website colors.

Sure she knew what colors she liked, but what made a user come back again and again-not so much.

But after hours...Oh God.

He'd call and talk so dirty to her that she was surprised her sheets hadn't caught on fire. Just last night he asked her to touch herself. Well, make that, he ordered her to touch herself. To make herself come while he told her in explicit detail all things he wanted to do with and to her. So she had, and today...somehow she'd managed to not turn eighty-five shades of red when he'd said good morning to her.

The garage door opened and Carter drove in a cherry red classic Mustang convertible, parking it beside a green Jeep Cherokee. She smiled and started to walk in his direction when a slender dark-haired girl appeared out of nowhere. Rose Holland. She wore a long skirt, a faded purple and a cream colored sweater that was thin at the elbows.

Their eyes met, the girl's a startling shade of blue and so weary that Melanie wanted to hug her. Automatically Melanie waved. Rose nodded, hand clenched tight by her side.

Carter jumped out the Mustang and walked over to Rose, his gait slow. Almost careful, like he didn't want to spook her. He smiled at Rose, friendly and open. A smile that Melanie knew she wouldn't have been able to resist, especially at seventeen. Forget seventeen, she couldn't resist Carter at twenty-four.

However, Rose didn't smile back. She held out her hand. "Three hundred for the Jeep, like we agreed on." Then she swung a basket up. "I brought some eggs and strawberry jelly, too."

Melanie blinked. Three hundred dollars for a Jeep?

Carter took both. "You drive a hard bargain, Rose. I can't wait to get this jelly on some of my momma's biscuits."

A small smile graced the girl's lips, then she listened as Carter went over the details of the Jeep. He showed Rose everything, treating her like a new car owner. Treating her like an equal.

"It's going to be tempting to really let her go on the straight-away near your house, but unless you like getting pulled over by Sheriff Nelson, I wouldn't recommend it."

"I'll wait until tomorrow."

"Why?"

"Sheriff Nelson's wife is going to go into labor tonight and he'll spend all day at the hospital tomorrow. They're having a girl," Rose said and this time Melanie looked at her in amazement. No one knew what the Sheriff and his wife was having, and Layla wasn't due for another three weeks. The hair on Melanie's arm stood up.

Carter sliced his gaze to Melanie, his green eyes full of the amazement she felt. He cleared his throat and re-focused on Rose, handing her a set of keys. "Really could have used you on the racetrack with all that foresight."

"Thank you, Carter." Rose got into the Jeep, leaving as quickly as she came.

When Melanie could find her voice again, she asked, "Three hundred for the Jeep?"

"Yeah, couldn't talk her into giving me less," he said, a guilty tone to his voice. But for what? That Jeep had to have cost at least a couple grand. Her heart tumbled from her chest to her toes. Her knees went all shaky and she sighed.

No one else in the world was like Carter.

She glanced at the clock, then ran across the garage. Carter's newest employee, Beau Montgomery, wasn't due until three-thirty. Yet another positive sign that the man of her dreams was leaning toward staying in Holland Springs. Why go to all that trouble?

Stopping in front of Carter, she let her gaze travel up his body. His heart was good, sweet and kind, and when combined with the total package-heart-stopping. Or heart-stomping, if she wasn't careful.

"Help you with something?"

Rising up on her toes, she let her lips brush against the lobe of his ear. "Instead of calling me to talk dirty, why don't you come to my place and be dirty with me instead?" Then she whirled around and sashayed to the office, leaving him standing there.

Carter rarely regretted any decision he made, but as his newest employee walked in, giving Melanie a longer than was necessary once over, he was ready to throw the kid out on his ass.

Melanie wasn't helping things, fussing over Beau like he was some sort of long-lost puppy. "Can I get you a snack, honey?" Carter heard her ask Beau. He rolled his eyes and shoved a box of rags into Honey's chest.

"Follow me. You need to know what I need from you in order to get a paycheck," Carter said. "Unless you'd rather have a nap after your snack."

Beau glanced from Carter to Melanie. "Thank you for the offer, Miss Melanie, but I need to get to work."

Her brown eyes got all soft, like melted chocolate. "Poor thing, working so hard after school. Did you know he's helping his Uncle and Aunt out at home, too? All those cousins need looking after. You are such a sweetheart."

Beau nodded. "It can be hard at times."

Oh come on. The kid was so full of it. Carter crossed his arms and waited. "If you're through blessing his heart, I'd really like to get to work on the Mustang."

Now that got Beau's attention. "I get to touch that on the first day?" He shifted the box in his arms, pushing his lip ring out with his tongue. "Hell, yeah."

"No, you'll be sorting through nuts and bolts. You learned that skill today in Kindergarten class, didn't you?"

Beau mumbled something under his breath, but the kid didn't complain. Thirty minutes later, Carter checked on him. Satisfied with the work Beau had done so far, Carter ambled to his office. He found Melanie sitting at the desk he'd bought and had delivered last week, a frown on her face as she looked at the computer screen.

"What's wrong?"

"Louis came home this morning right before I left for Mr. Henry's."

"And?"

The frown grew deeper. "He said he got a job down in Baxterville, but..."

"What state?" He knew she was looking for casinos.

"Alabama."

He moved to stand beside her, looking over her head to count all the casinos in a twenty-five mile radius of Baxterville. There were dozens of them. Heart aching for her, he settled his hands on top of her shoulders. "Maybe he'll stay away this time."

"It's not a matter of staying away." She placed a hand over his and squeezed. "It's a matter of how much he'll lose or win."

Reminding Melanie of what an ass her dad was would only serve to make him feel better. Actually, finding a way to put Louis under house arrest would make him supremely happy. However, this wasn't about Carter. This was about Melanie.

"Let me know what I can do to help," he said. He meant it. Potential lover or not, he would always be there for Melanie. Whenever she needed him.

"I'm fine."

He spun the chair around, bending at the knees to get level with her face. There was so much worry in her brown eyes, and all he wanted to do was make it go away. Permanently. "Hey. I mean it. Whatever you need."

Her lower lip trembled before a smile formed on her mouth. "I know you do, but sometimes, a girl can't be saved. Sometimes, a girl has to save herself."

"By moving out." She nodded and he leaned forward. "I know we're on the clock right now, but I really need to kiss you."

"I haven't taken my afternoon break," she said, inching closer.

"Off the clock," he murmured right before he kissed her. Soft lips to his, tasting like sweet tea and the key lime pie he'd brought back from town just for her.

She sighed, her hands coming to rest on his shoulders, and he cupped her face, keeping his touch as light as his kisses. This wasn't about lust, wasn't about teasing her. This was about wanting to give without expecting anything in return. She wouldn't take his money, she wouldn't take his help, but his kisses...Yeah, he knew she'd take those. Because he would do the same.

Breaking their kiss, he caressed the side of her face and smiled. "Feeling a little better now?" he asked.

Returning his smile, she glanced up and then back at him. "Just a little," she said with a wink.

"About tonight?" He traced the outline of his racing number on her sleeve. "I'm thinking along with the dirty, we should do something not-so-dirty."

"Golden Girls marathon?"

Laughing, he rose to his feet. She knew him so well. "Followed by Glee."

"Betty White and spontaneous singing all on the same night?" She placed a hand over her heart. "A man after my own heart."

"That's not all I'm after."

Rolling her eyes, she said, "Men. You can't just stop at the heart-melting stuff."

Tires crunching over gravel had him checking the window of his office. A silver BMW slid in beside Melanie's Honda.

What the hell was April doing here? The driver and passenger doors opened; April and mother getting out simultaneously. He clenched his jaw. Now that was his mother's doing, not his ex.

"I'll be right back."

"Be nice," Melanie called after him.

He met the two women in the middle of the garage, right beside Chase Montgomery's Mustang. April leaned against it, the heavy chains on her purse dragging against it.

"Off the car, April," he said and she slowly moved away, her nose in the air. He inspected the paint, relived to find it scratch free.

Leah's eyes rounded. "That's not how you greet visitors."

"Neither one of you are visitors," he pointed out, then crossed his arms. "What can I help you with? Oil change, tire rotation."

Beau eyed them, his gaze returning to April again and again. Carter shook his head at the kid and motioned to the four foot tall shelf of endless drawers filled with nuts and bolts that Beau hadn't finished sorting. With a roll of his eyes, he shoved a hand through messy bright green hair and returned to his work.

"Dinner-tonight, since you haven't bothered showing up for dinner in forever," his mother said. "'No' is not an option."

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Melanie come to the door. His number across her chest, hot as hell shorts and boots that made him want to do very good bad things to her.

April cleared her throat. She shook her plastic cup of iced coffee. "I need a refill." She stalked to his office, brushing past Melanie. Melanie stumbled back, catching herself on the door.

"I'll be expecting you at six, Carter." Leah hoisted her purse higher on her shoulder. "And I'll expect you to be civil to April."

"Just civil?"

"As a matter of fact, I'd like for the two of you to work things out." Glancing around the garage, she lowered her voice. "I'm not getting any younger, and I would like to enjoy some grandchildren before y'all ship me off to the nursing home."

He loved his mother. He really did, but this interference, this maneuver and attempt at manipulation? It didn't sit well with him, and he knew he wasn't the only one Leah did this to. Every one of the Ambrose siblings had to deal with her wants and wishes.

"No one's shipping you off to the nursing home, Momma."

She smiled, one full of win. "Such a sweet-"

"We'll take you out back and put you out of your misery first," he teased.

Stunned, Leah's jaw dropped. "Carter Mason Ambrose! I-"

A woman's squeal of surprise caught their attention, and they turned in time to find Melanie's outfit covered in iced coffee. April stood beside her, a fake horrified look on her face.

Beau raced to Melanie with a clean towel in his hand. She flashed him a smile and began to wipe at the ever-spreading wet spot.

"I am soo sorry, Myrtle." April threw her cup into the trash. "I'm sure Carter can buy you another shirt and maybe Goodwill has another pair of those unfortunate shorts."

Melanie's face turned bright red. He knew for a fact that she shopped at Goodwill. Hell, he still remembered all the times she would come over to his house to share her finds with his sister, making a big deal over second hand clothes, because she couldn't afford Wal-Mart.

"Doubtful," Melanie muttered, eyes downcast.

Carter stood there, not sure exactly what to say or do. He couldn't yell at April, because he wasn't sure if it was an accident, and Beau had beaten him to the punch with the towel.

Finally his mother spoke. "Melanie, you bring those to my house and I'll get the stains out for you. No sense in throwing out good clothes."

"If that doesn't work, I'm sure April will be happy to replace them," Carter said, with a pointed look at his ex. He walked to Melanie, not giving a shit what his April or his mother thought. "I'm so sorry. Are you okay?"

"It's not your fault." Eyes glistening, she dried off her hands and threw the towel on a nearby counter. "I'm fine. The coffee wasn't hot."

"I'll do my best, but those hips of yours, Marsha..."April tsked and flipped her hair over her shoulder. "It'll be hard to find that size where I shop."

"God, I want to punch her," Melanie muttered, which only made Carter feel worse.

He raised his brows at his ex and pointed at the door. "Out. Don't come back either."

"You can't make-"

"Let's go, April," Leah said, her dark blue eyes narrowing. "I have errands to run."

Stopping his mother as she turned, he said, "I'm not coming to dinner, not while she's there. Understand me?" God he hated taking such a sharp tone with his mother, but this-this was unacceptable.

"Fine." With that, Leah marched out of his garage, April on her heels.

"I'm going home." Melanie disappeared into his office, reappearing two seconds later with her purse and keys.

He strode to her, blocking her path. "Are we still on for tonight?" His eyes dropped to her br**sts, her ni**les were hard against the wet material. "Looks like you got the dirty part all covered."

She shot him a look of disbelief. "Are you serious?"

Letting his head fall back, he counted to ten. "I was teasing."

"Yeah, well, I'm not in the mood."

"For anything," she added as she skirted around him.

***

Nothing like coming home to a cold, empty house. Louis must have forgotten to pay the propane bill. Again.

Sighing, Melanie pulled on her robe and headed to the kitchen in search of chocolate.

Her phone rang and she answered it. There was lots of yelling in the background and the sound of slot machines being played.

"Melanie."

"Hey Daddy. Did you forget to pay-"

"Our luck has change, sugar. I won big tonight!" A woman laughed, low and husky over the phone. "Must be the good luck charm that came with me."

She froze, standing in the middle of the living room. "Is Raylene with you?"

"Now don't get all preachy on me."

"Answer me."

Louis paused. "Yeah."

Why couldn't she catch a break? Of all the women in Holland Springs, he had to pick the one married to Carter's uncle. It was like God had it out for her.

"But the real question you should be asking is how much."

Again, Louis put her between a rock and a hard place. Pretty soon, she wouldn't have any breathing room. "How much?"

"Twelve grand. I'm on a roll!" Another whoop in the background.

"Guess you're not going to cash out and come home, are you?"

"I can double this, sugar. Pay you back and help get you out of that trailer faster. Do right by your momma. I can feel it."

Tears pricked at her eyes. She bit her lip, then forced a smile. Why? She had no idea, because it wasn't like Louis could see her tears or her smile. "That's good, Daddy."

"Wish me luck, before I have to go."

"Good luck," she whispered.

"Be back on Monday."

She ended their call, made her legs work again and tossed her phone on the counter. It landed with a thud. She needed more than chocolate; she needed a drink.

Someone pounded on the door just as she opened the freezer. "Be right there!" Ms. White had mentioned bringing back Louis' shears once she got off of work.

Before she could do an about face, the knock turned into a consistent pounding. "Hold your horses. I'm coming." The pounding grew louder. That couldn't be Ms. White. Stopping by the only window in the living room, she peeked out and saw Carter standing at her door.

Her heart bungeed-jumped into her throat.

For a moment she considered letting him stay out in the cold, but the pounding started up again and she had no desire to listen to Mrs. Gregory lecture her about being a loose woman.

Never mind that Mrs. Gregory entertained three different men during the week. And by entertain, she meant sex. That little trailer, a camper really, would rock so hard that Melanie was sure it would fall on its side.

Unlocking the door, she shoved it open, almost smacking Carter in the face. "Can I help you?"

"Damn, woman. You could've reminded me that your door didn't open like normal."

She crossed her arms over her chest and glared at him. "Sorry, our doors don't open the way people with real houses-"

"Be quiet." Carter pushed past her, practically barreling his way into her house and shut the door behind him. "Louis home?"

"Thought you wanted me to be quiet?"

He raked a hand through his dark hair. "I didn't come here to fight."

"No, you came here to get your rocks off," she said turning to face him. "And I remember telling you that I wasn't in the mood."

"Planned on getting you in the mood." He leaned into her, his dark green eyes smoldering. "Planned to do something with your rocks, too."

A cross between a laugh and a snort left her. "Oh you sweet talker, you. Now I know why April still wants to be with you."

The smirk that kicked up the corners up his sexy lips made her stomach drop to her toes. "You sure are cute when you're jealous, Miss Smith."

Her jaw worked. "Go home, Carter. I'm sure April's waiting for you, wedding dress at the ready."

"Don't want April." Tugging on the sash of her robe, he crooked a finger at her. "Come here and let me apologize for being an insensitive man."

Telling herself that she was only walking closer to him so that her sash wouldn't give way and flash him, she found herself practically pressed against him. "Not gonna happen."

He dipped his head, minty breathy invading her space. "I'm a sure thing, baby. And I'm sorry for not doing whatever you need me to. Maybe I need some lessons. I'm a fast learner." The sash to her robe gave and the material parted, the throbbing, heated part of her making itself known. A cold hand slipped inside, cupping her breast and making her gasp. Her nipple beaded against his palm. "Damn, but your skin is nice and hot, better than any pair of gloves."

"If you put another cold hand on me, Carter Mason Ambrose, I'll knee you in the balls," she all but growled at him.

But that sexy jerk did nothing but laugh and wiggle his fingers at her. Just as he attempted to slide his other hand inside, her knee came up. He stopped her with a twist of his hips. "What if I warm it up first, then I can touch you?" The hand cupping her breast moved lower, allowing his thumb to brush her nipple. Desire sparked, flaming higher and hotter with each lazy pass. "Thing is, sweetheart, you're so damn hot that there's no way I'd ever be warm enough to touch you."

She felt herself softening, giving into him. Into his legendary charm that she'd never been the recipient of until now.

"I'll give it a try anyway." He vigorously rubbed his hand up and down the outside of his thigh. "Let's see if I got it right."

Breathing became hard to do as his hand hovered in the air. Her lashes fluttered as he gently touched her neck, his warm palm making her head fall back. She felt the tip of his tongue trace the base of her throat. His soft hair brushed the side of her face.

"Carter," she whispered. "I'm still upset with you."

"Did all the coffee come out?"

"Yes, but that doesn't get you out of the hot seat."

His tongue touched the lobe of her ear, then his teeth nibbled on the flesh."No place I'd rather be than in your hot seat."

"Oh God," she moaned.

A low chuckle emanated from him, dark and full of so much promise that her knees went weak. Reflexes fast as his race car on the final turn at Daytona caught her around the waist before she fell. "Where's your room?"he asked, kissing his way to her mouth. His tongue slid in just as her lips parted to answer, tangling with hers.

Tearing her mouth away for even a second was almost impossible to do, but she managed to gasp, "Behind me, door at the end of the hallway."

"Is your dad coming home anytime soon?" Carter swept her off her feet and headed down the short hallway. "I'd hate to let him beat the shit out of me for catching me satisfying the hell out of his daughter."

Dread reared its ugly head, breaking through a haze of lust and longing. If she told him where and who Louis was with, no telling what would happen. And she couldn't have Carter thinking of her like that. Like she was the daughter of trailer trash, of a man who slept with other men's wives and discarded them as soon as the next helpless, ignored housewife came along.

Not now, not when it seemed she'd finally gotten him to think of her as not just his kid sister's best friend. "He won't be back for a while."

Carter nudged the door open with his hip. "A while means many things, baby. Humor me and clarify."

"Not for a couple of days." Usually that was how long he stayed away, when he and his new woman decided to go away together. She prayed Carter wouldn't ask her to elaborate any further.

He set her down on her feet, and she felt every hard inch of him on the way down. "Then tonight we'll stay here, but tomorrow you're coming home with me. In fact I'm thinking that tomorrow is a holiday and there's no need for us to go into work."

She closed her eyes as he helped her out of her robe.

Muttering a curse, he said, "Or the next day either." He stepped away, his hands caressing as they followed the curves of her body. "When the hell did you get a tattoo on your ass?"

"Eighteenth birthday." She shook her head. The tattoo was low on her back, over to the side so it couldn't be classified as a tramp stamp. "Tried to talk your sister into getting one, too."

"Jesus H. Christ, Melanie. Don't bring my sister into the conversation."

Biting back a laugh, her eyes popped open to reveal their reflection in her mirror. She was naked as the day she was born while he was fully clothed. And he was watching her watching him as his hands explored her body.

"Does this mean anything to you?"

"Us?" she asked. Of course this meant something to her. She'd been in love with him for years.

"Your tattoo is about me and you?"

Oh my God. Face turning fiery red, she looked away from the mirror. "It's a hummingbird. My momma used to call me that." Bittersweet memories enveloped her as did his arms. "She said I like to flit from here to there, always moving."

"Guess I'm the mood-killer now, huh." He kissed the top of her head, a gesture so sweet and telling that she wanted to weep. "Sorry, sweetheart."

He wasn't just saying sorry for killing the mood. He meant her mom, too. Carter was just that kind of guy. No, not that kind of guy. He was a man, protective and sexy as hell.

Whirling in his arms, she crept her hands up his wool sweater. "It happened a long time ago, when I was a little girl. Before I knew you. And I'm grown now." She gave him her best-come-and-get-me-boy smile, cupping her br**sts and pressing them together. "In case you didn't notice."

"I'd have to be dead to not notice." Admiration gleamed in his sexy green eyes. "But thank you for reminding me...ma'am," he said in that deep drawl she loved.

"Why don't you warm up your hands again." It wasn't a suggestion.

"Why don't I warm you up instead." His mouth came down on hers, his tongue breaking the seam of her lips as she stood on tiptoe. Rubbing against him, she whimpered in the back of her throat. His hands explored every sensitive part of her that he could reach. Cupping her butt, he lifted her to him and started in the direction of the bed.

She helped him out of his shirt along the way, throwing it in the middle of the room. Even as her back hit the comforter, she was tugging at his belt, ripping it off and unbuttoning his fly as his mouth found her nipple and sucked.

Her head fell back against a pillow, her fingers digging in his back. She found her way to his jeans, pushing them down so she could cup his muscular butt. The very hard length of him rubbed against her thighs, and then hit her stomach as he worked his way back up to her mouth. He bit her bottom lip and tugged, worrying it between his teeth and then soothing the sting with his tongue.

"You've got the poutiest f**king mouth and one day real soon, I'm going to have it around my dick." He sealed his lips over hers, taking her breath away and replacing it with his. She couldn't get enough of him. He rolled onto his back, taking her with him.

Sitting up, she grinded against his erection and raked her nails across his chest. A chest made of muscular pecs and a washboard stomach. Dear God, she should pin a picture of it on her Pinterest page, under ManCandy. "Maybe you'll return the favor and put your mouth on me again. Maybe we can do it at the same time."

He groaned. "Can't take much more." In one swift move, he had her pinned under him and entered her with one long finger. "Fuck. You're so damn wet. Reach into my pocket and get a condom."

"Which one?" she asked, desperate for him to be inside of her, and not just his finger.

"Doesn't matter; they've all got one."

He eased a second finger inside of her and pressed up. An involuntary shriek left her. "Oh God." She grabbed the first foil packet with the tips of her fingers and lifted it to her mouth, tearing it and throwing the packet to the side.

"I want to taste you so bad...but I can't wait." He snagged the condom from her and rolled it on, then the blunt head of his erection replaced his fingers and he pushed inside.

His head fell to her shoulder, fingers threading in her damp hair, and flexed his hips. She whimpered at his invasion. As he stretched and filled her. Even if she hadn't had sex in almost two years, he was still hung like a p**n star.

And they were moving like two odd puzzle pieces being shoved together. It was awkward and hurt like hell. This wasn't what she dreamed about. This was...They needed to slow down.

"Carter...not so fast," she gasped, hips pressing into the mattress. "I haven't had...ung...sex..."

He froze. "You're not virgin, are you? Because if you are I'm going about this all wrong."

"Why-virgins deserve more than hussies like me?" she asked, tears stinging her eyes.

"Dammit, Melanie." His head snapped up, eyes dark and jaw clenched. "Why do you assume the worst about me? More importantly, why do you assume the worst about yourself?"

Because she'd been reminded her whole life that she was from the wrong side of town, the wrong side of the tracks and was nothing but trash. Turning away from him, she stared at the wall. Posters still hung on her wall. Teen heartthrobs and favorite bands smiled back at her.

"Look at me."

"No," she whispered, because if she did, she might cry. And God knew there was no crying in the middle of sex. Not unless it was the good kind.

"I'm trying to take it easy on you, because I don't want to hurt you and I have no f**king clue as to what you have and haven't done. What you're used to and what you like." Now she did turn to face him, finding his emerald green eyes fixed on her. "I'm going on instinct, on those sexy little moans and whimpers that I love hearing you make. Then you scare the shit out of me-" He shook his head. "-Christ. I'm inside of you-you're tight as hell...wet as hell-and we're having a f**king conversation, instead of ...fucking. Help me out here."

She moved her hips and he slid in deeper, a low rumble coming from his throat. Gazing into his eyes, she managed a smile. "I wanted you to slow down, because I haven't had sex since Trent and I broke up."

"Ah, hell." He moved his hand to her face, running his knuckles over her cheek. "That's a long time."

His touch made her feel all vulnerable. When he kissed the tip of her nose, she felt positively special, which was flat out stupid and dangerous to her well-being. "Don't feel too bad for me. I do have B.O.B."

A crooked grin replaced his look of tenderness. "Think I can give ole' B.O.B. a run for his money?" He began to move his hips and dipped his head, brushing her lips. "I don't require replacement batteries."

Giggles escaped her mouth before she could help it, then full blown laughter. That is, until he tugged her nipple into his mouth and sucked. His large, callused hand on her hip held her in place while he worked his way inside of her. Letting her thighs fall open, she jolted when he went deeper.

"There you go. Fuck me back," he growled, slipping his hand under her. His fingers dipped between her cheeks, teasing that very private area that she'd allowed no man to ever explore. "You like that?"

"Maybe," she said in a breathless rush. The tip slid inside and her eyes widened, little sparks of pleasure and pain radiating from that very spot. "Oh!"

"Trust me," he said, his voice low and dark.

Trust him? Of course she trusted him. She loved Carter. Her heart beat out the syllables of his name. And now that he was inside of her, making her body crave him more than ever, she was going to be a mess when things between them ended. Things would end.

She wrapped her legs around his waist, crossing her feet at the ankles, and was rewarded with a hard thrust that she felt from head to toe. In fact, her toes curled so hard that they popped.

His thrusts became steady, his finger teasing her and going deeper until she didn't care where he put anything as long as he didn't stop.

He coaxed her lips open, mimicking what his c**k was doing to her with his tongue. She curled her own around it, eliciting a growl from him. Tearing his mouth away, he removed his finger and planted an elbow on each side of her.

"You're squeezing my dick so tight," he said, his movements relentless and precise. Every forward roll of his hips, sent his groin in direct contact with her clit, until her entire being focus on that. "Never felt anything so good."

"I need-" Another roll of his hips and she let out a strangled cry. "Please."

"Know what you need, Melanie." He bit down hard on her shoulder and ground against her.

Pleasure and pain crashed inside of her, blending until she didn't know where one stopped and the other began. She went over the edge, crying out Carter's name, God's and who knew what else.

Her eyes closed as he picked up the pace, prolonging her orgasm until he pushed himself deep inside of her. "Oh f**k," he growled as he came.

For long minutes, she held him in her arms, stroking his back and placing kisses on his neck. So overwhelmed by what had happened, she almost said 'I love you' right then and there. But something, mostly the almost absolute knowledge that Carter didn't feel that way about her, kept her lips sealed tight.

"Next time," he began and her heart, already beating at a frantic pace, took off. "I see Trent, I'm going to buy him a beer, then beat his ass for hurting you."

That crazy heart of hers did cartwheels. She was surprised the poor thing hadn't given out. "Trent's in jail, so you'll have to get in line."

Carter blinked. In jail? Where did Melanie meet these guys? "Do I need to pick your next boyfriend, because your taste in men sucks." He regretted the words as soon as the left his mouth.

Her hands froze on his back. "Very funny," she said on a laugh. Only that laugh of hers sounded fake as hell, and it was all his fault.

Dammit.

He needed some time to think. He'd just broken his own rule about getting involved with Melanie. Hell, he'd done more than get involved...he'd most likely just had the best sex of his life with her.

"Sorry. I was out of line." Sorry was quickly becoming his go-to word when it came to Melanie, which made him feel like a complete jackass.

"That's okay." But he knew it wasn't, not by a country mile.

Refusing to look at her, because he didn't want to see the hurt in her eyes, he eased out of her tight heat. Rising to his feet, he left her room in search of the bathroom. After he disposed of the condom and washed his hands and face, he stared at his reflection in the mirror.

"Pansy-assed coward," he muttered.

He had no choice but to make things right between them. Whatever that entailed. Although she had said she wanted to keep things secret. Maybe even casual. For once the thought of being some woman's booty call didn't appeal to him. But he chalked that up to the whole Melanie dynamic.

Knowing her since they were kids didn't help things. It only made this entire situation murky. Maybe it would be for the best if this was a one-time thing. Something impulsive and sexy as hell, but incredibly stupid.

And maybe he should have thought of that before he driven here tonight.

He found her in tucked in bed, wearing his t-shirt as she slept the sleep of the fully satisfied. Guess he'd talk to her in the morning. Pulling the covers back, he joined her. A little breathy sigh leaving her as she scooted her ass up to his groin. He threw an arm and leg over her, completely aware of how perfectly they fit together.

Oh hell, he was in for it now.

Chapter Nine

Daylight streaming through the blinds of her bedroom woke Carter. He blinked and rubbed his eyes. Looking down at the woman sleeping on his chest, he smiled.

Her blonde curls were everywhere. He sifted his fingers through them, breathing in the coconut scent that always accompanied her.

"Morning," she said, her voice sleepy and cute as hell. She started to slide off of him, but he wrapped his arms around her.

"Morning." He kissed the top of her head. "How about breakfast in bed?"

"I can whip up some pancakes." She stretched against him, her br**sts straining against his t-shirt.

His c**k throbbed, reminding him of exactly what he should be doing with it. "Breakfast can wait." Though he'd planned on cooking for her, not the other way around. He slipped the t-shirt over her head and rose above her, taking in full br**sts and bright pink ni**les. "Think I'll have some dessert first."

Kissing his way down her stomach, he parted her with two thumbs and her hips jumped. "What are you doing?"

He grinned up at her. "Getting ready to eat." He slipped a finger inside of her, groaning as her inner muscles clamped down on him. "Where are my manners? Ladies should always be first." Easing his finger out, he crawled up her body and pushed his finger between her parted lips. "Suck."

Brown eyes burning with desire closed as her little tongue curled and stroked, licking away her honey from his skin. Her hands came up, pushing against his chest and he fell on his back. She surveyed him with a wicked gleam in her eyes, before she put herself mouth level with his dick.

"Looks like I have entire buffet at my disposal." Then she opened her sexy lips and took the head of him into her mouth.

"Fuuuck," he moaned. Not one to just lie there, even with a woman's mouth on his cock, he fisted his hands in her hair and guided her movements. He couldn't not watch her head bob up and down.

A little sound of pleasure left her throat and he rocked his hips, sending his c**k deeper. Her tongue swiped over his head and he groaned. "Damn, you're good." Faster now, he gently pushed and pulled on her hair, setting a rhythm that had him on the edge.

Big brown eyes gaze up at him as her cheeks hallowed.

"I'm going to come, sweetheart."

Her response was to suck harder and rub his balls. His orgasm shot through him, leaving him with every pull of her hot mouth. She drank him down greedily, her tongue doing things that made his body shake.

"God...fucking...shit," he growled. Yeah, he didn't make any sense, but he didn't give a damn. When he could finally see straight again, she sat up, bare br**sts bouncing and ni**les begging for his mouth.

"My turn," she said. Then that sexy woman crawled up his body and sat on his face. Oh yeah, this was exactly what he wanted for breakfast. He spread her, plunging his tongue deep inside and letting all of her honey go down his throat. He licked and sucked and bit until she grabbed the headboard.

A little twist of his lips and she cried out his name. But he didn't stop. He scraped his teeth over her clit and sucked the swollen flesh into his mouth.

She went wild, bucking against him and screaming.

It had to be the sexiest thing he'd ever seen.

Rolling off of him, she sank down beside him and closed her eyes. "That was-"

"Yeah."

Lashes lifting, she rolled to her side and traced a pattern on his chest. "Carter, if you've got things to do...It's okay if you leave."

The relief at her offer of an easy out didn't come. Instead all he could think about was her sitting by herself at home, or worse, calling his sister and crying. That wasn't all he thought; he didn't want to leave. He wanted...her. This.

He dusted his thumb over her pouty lower lip. "Spend the day with me."

The smile she gave him lit up the room, brighter than the sunshine streaming in. And when she hugged him tight, his heart did a little flip.

Well, shit.

***

Melanie eyed the Mustang parked beside Carter's garage. There was no way in hell she was going to drive it anywhere. Carter loved that car, more than anything. Or at least he acted like he did.

Carter held open the driver's side door and gestured for her to get in. "We're wasting daylight."

"That's because someone kept me in bed the entire morning," she said, her cheeks heating.

He strode from the car, his confident gate sending little bubbles of excitement throughout her body. Wrapping his arms around her middle, he said, "Plan on keeping you in bed this evening, too."

"Just the bed?" She shivered as he pressed hot kiss along her neck.

"Got some countertops, too. But first"-He pulled her over to the car, practically shoving her inside."You're going to drive this car."

"No." Even as she said the word, she climbed inside and put on her seatbelt. He closed the door after her and got in on the passenger side. She glanced at the floor and nearly jumped right back out. "I can't drive stick anymore, Carter, not since I wrecked Ryan Sawyer's truck."

A wicked grin kicked up the corners of his mouth. "Hate to argue with a lady, but the things you were doing to me this morning say otherwise."

Her mouth fell open, cheeks heating to beyond acceptable levels. Flicking her eyes at the review mirror, she wanted to die. Her face was a red as the paint job. Great...just great.

"What if I mess up the car?"

"I'll be right here with you." He touched her cheek. "Trust me."

There he went with those words again. "Okay."

"Know what to do first?"

"Yes." Starting up the car or even putting it in reverse wasn't the problem. It was getting out on Highway Thirteen and putting it into a higher gear. The last time she'd attempted this, she'd down-shifted her dad's truck some many times that she'd almost stripped the gears and given them whiplash. Her palms began to sweat as she pulled out of the parking lot.

"Doing good, baby." He placed a warm hand on her thigh, gliding it down over her knee to cover her hand. A hand that had a kung-fu grip on the gearshift. "We're going to do this together."

Some of the tension that had worked its way into her shoulders began to fade away as he helped her shift from first to second. "Carter," she whispered, knowing that her next move was where she had the most trouble.

"Put the pedal to the metal," he said, his voice so confident that she did exactly what he said. "Ready?"

Don't close your eyes, she silently reminded herself.

"Don't close those big brown eyes of yours."

Together they shifted into to third, then fourth. And the only thing that happened was exactly what should have happened.

She let out a little cheer and Carter squeezed her hand. "You did it."

"We did it," she said. There wasn't anything she couldn't do with him at her side.

"Fine," he said and she could hear the smile in his voice. "It was a team effort. Where to next, Miss Smith?"

Grinning she flicked her eyes to him then back at the road. "Wherever the road takes us."

"Sounds like a plan to me." Pulling her hand to his mouth, he kissed it. She fully expected him to let it go, but he laced his fingers through hers and every time she had to shift gears, he stayed with her.

Don't ever let me go, she thought.

***

"Can I show you something?" Melanie asked as she drove. She had put the top down, so now all her blonde curls streamed in the wind.

"You're in the driver's seat."

Down shifting, she hit the gas. "Hold on to your hat, baby doll."

Carter grinned. For the past thirty minutes, she'd driven as fast a he'd let her up and down Highway Thirteen, her confidence growing with each mile.

She took a right onto Persimmon and drove another quarter mile before turning into the driveway of a tiny house with a for sale sign stuck in the front yard.

"What do you think of this place?" she asked, unbuckling her seatbelt and getting out. She walked to the porch and peeked in the windows.

He joined her on the porch, shoving his hands in his pockets. "Why?"

"Because I want to buy it." Turning to him, her brown eyes brimmed with happiness. "I almost have enough money for a down payment."

"What about a loan?"

She moved to the front door, fiddling with the lock. "Pre-approved." Giving the door a push, it swung open. "Come see the inside."

Holding out her hand, she waited for him to take it. He knew if he took her hand that there was no going back to what they used to have or what they used to be. Not even after last night and this morning. But he liked to take chances, even when they didn't pay off. So, he took a deep breath and pulled his hand out of his pocket to grab hers.

He let her lead him inside, her fingers laced through his. "We won't get arrested for breaking and entering will we?"

Giggling, she shook her head. "Janie gave me the code, since I'd been bugging her almost every day to come out here."

As they walked through the two bedroom cottage, she pointed out every little thing she loved about it. He couldn't help but be caught up in her excitement.

"Out here, I was thinking that I could have a grill and one of those chimineas, so I can roast marshmallows." She practically skipped to the right side of the deck. "Maybe put a patio set over here."

Wiggling the deck railing, he frowned. "This needs be fixed."

"I could hire you as my handyman."

"If I were planning on staying, I'd love to be your handyman." The words slipped out, before he had a chance to consider the impact.

"You really are set on living in Charlotte?" she asked in a small voice.

He had to tell the truth; she deserved complete honesty, and he hated liars. "Looks like it, but I'm not a hundred percent." A look of sadness appeared on her face, but in his next heartbeat it was gone so fast that he was sure he'd imagined it. "It's not that far away and I plan on coming home for holidays and all."

"Guess it's a good thing that you and I are just friends, because most women around here wouldn't be too happy to know that they man they've been sleeping with plans on leaving."

Just friends? He sure as hell didn't do what they had done last night and this morning with his friends. But maybe she did. An uneasy feeling settle in his gut, heavy as a tire iron. "Do you usually have sex with your friends?"

"No...at least, not until you."

That uneasy feeling left him, and he suppressed a grin. He always did like being first.

"What about you?" she asked, running her fingers along the top of the railing.

"Not since my first year of college."

"Oh, so you're okay with that kind of relationship with me, then."

"I'm okay with whatever you need to call it." But he wasn't. Kneeling down, he examined the boards. They seemed to be in good shape and the deck hadn't shook when they'd walked on it. He looked up at her. "How long has it been since anyone's lived here?'

"'Bout two years. The bank owns it now," she said as he stood, wiping off his hands. "Hopefully, real soon, I will instead."

Jesus, he was amazed by her, by her confidence and dedication to a goal that her dad made nearly unreachable with his gambling habits. Whoever she ended up with was a lucky man, because he knew that she'd be that guy's biggest cheerleader and best friend.

Didn't he sound all Hallmark-like.

Frowning, he dug his hands into his jean pockets.

"I know what you're thinking."

He couldn't be that easy to read. "I'm all ears."

"That maybe I've bitten off more than I can chew. That a single woman shouldn't buy a house, because what if she meets a man-"

Pressing a finger to her lips, he gave her a look. "If I thought all of that, what kind of man would I be?" He grabbed her hips, pulling her close. "I find female home-ownership very sexy."

A little smile pulled up the corners of her mouth. "Oh you do, do you?"

"Yeah," he said, his voice low.

"Sure you're not saying that to get in my panties?"

"Please." He rolled his eyes. "Lines aren't my MO." Melanie laughed, her joy contagious and he found himself laughing with her. "You are the sweetest thing, Melanie Ann Smith. And I'm mighty proud of you."

Brown eyes widened. "I am? You are?"

Instead of answering, he lowered his mouth to hers, kissing her in the afternoon sun. Her arms wound around him as she pressed her body to his. In that moment, something inside of him shifted and all he could think was it was a damn shame he wouldn't be that man for Melanie.

Chapter Ten

Carter drove home, pushing the car to speeds she would never dare to go, but she didn't feel afraid. This was Carter and he would never put her in harm's way.

Carter said something, but she couldn't make it out over the music blaring.

"What?" she yelled.

Glancing at her, he began again, "I said-" The bass hit, drowning out the rest of his words.

Squinting at him, she mouthed, "Can't hear you."

"Turn down the radio."

Good grief. Why couldn't he turn it down himself, if it was so darn important? "Men," she sighed, turning down the music.

"Spend the next couple of nights with me?" he asked.

"Like dates or a sleepover?"

He pulled the car into his garage and cut the engine. Silence permeated the air, until he finally said, "A little of both."

She faced him, smiling so big that her face felt like it was going to split. "I'd love that."

***

The rest of the week passed by in a blur. Melanie had never been so happy in her life. So happy that she barely had any time to dwell of the fact that her dad still hadn't come home.

Or the phone call she'd overheard Carter having with his Uncle John this morning about his Aunt Raylene leaving John a note about going out to one of those spas on Hilton Head.

"Don't know why people tell me their problems," he had grumbled, then moved into his garage.

She heard a series of crashes, and tools falling. "What in the world?"

"Son of a bitch," Carter shouted and she went running into the garage.

"Oh my God," she gasped, skidding to a stop.

Beau's eyes widened but wisely he said nothing. Instead he grabbed some cleaning supplies and went to work cleaning up the mess. Melanie hadn't been too sure about him when he started. All tough edges on the outside, but inside, where it counted, that boy was softer than the cotton in a field.

"Oh my God is right." Carter was covered from head to toe in oil and grease. "I'm going to kill Heath when I see him."

"Why do you think he did,"-she pointed to the overturned containers.-"this?"

Wiping his face with a paper towel, he said, "Because he was the last one to use my tools to change his oil. Who else would think it was good idea to set an opened oil container on top of old boxes?"

Carter did have a point about his brother. Heath wasn't the most responsible college kid on the planet. "How about you go get in the shower and I'll help Beau clean up this mess." Kneeling in the floor, she grabbed a wad of paper towel and began blotting up the oil.

Beau watched them with round eyes as he rushed back and forth, bringing more cleaning supplies.

"Leave it, Melanie. That's what I pay Beau to do." Carter stalked to the door at the rear of the garage and motioned for her to follow. Once they were out of earshot, he said, "Besides, I'll need your help in the shower."

She soo wanted to help in the shower, but her brain won the battle over her raging lust. "No way. First, I'm still on the clock and second, there is an impressionable young man working for you."

Carter snorted. "That kid probably gets more tail with his I'm-bad-on-the-outside-but-a-softie-on-the-inside routine than I ever did at his age."

Gasping, she glared at him. "It's not a routine."

"Women," he muttered. "Will we ruin Beau for life if you help get me out of these clothes?"

"I suppose not, but that's all I'm doing." She trailed behind him as he made his way upstairs to his home away from home. They entered the laundry room first and she helped him get off his boots without getting too much on her or the floor. He peeled out of his shirt, jeans and socks next, revealing his lean, muscular body.

Taking his clothes, she piled them in the deep sink and ran hot water over them.

"Sure you won't reconsider?" he asked, his voice deep.

After adding a capful of detergent, she turned to him and almost dropped the container. "Would you put that away," she hissed, waving at his erection.

"After you come wash all the parts I can't reach."

"I said no." However, her entire body was screaming: Go for it! She replaced the cap and placed the detergent on top of the washer.

"Then how will you get the oil off of you?" He lunged for her and she just barely danced out his reach.

"Go shower, you dirty old man," she said with a giggle.

"I'm going," he said, walking away. She couldn't help but ogle him. "Stop staring woman, before I decide that I don't give a rat's ass about Beau seeing me chasing you around."

"Don't forget we're going driving again this afternoon," he added, disappearing into his apartment.

"Can't wait!" She raced down the stairs. Composing herself before she reentered the garage, she schooled her face and walked inside.

Beau stopped mopping up the spill. "You sure look pretty today, Miss Melanie."

"Thank you." Carter was completely wrong about him. That boy was nothing but sunshine--

Grey eyes dropped to her chest and she narrowed hers at him. Cotton had hard seeds at the center, nearly impossible to get out without the right equipment.

His gaze met hers again, all angel-faced. "You're welcome."

"I hate it when he's right," she muttered, stomping to the office.

"Can I get you anything, Miss Melanie?"

Turning, she stuck her head in the garage and shot him a stern look. "I'm on to you, Beau Montgomery."

"Yes, ma'am." Beau winked at her, then went back to cleaning.

***

Parked in the Johnson's tobacco field, Melanie sat beside Carter, her head on his shoulder as they watched the sun begin to set. North Carolina in January had notoriously fickle weather. One minute is was freezing and the next, like today, it was seventy and sunny.

"Have you found a job to replace the one I helped you lose, yet?"

"Actually, Jack texted me while you were filling up the car. He said he forgot about Valentine's Day next month. So, he needed to hire his best waitress back." She'd almost told Jack no, but she needed the money. Plus, she was pretty darn sure Jack would never forget about one of his biggest money-making days. Sneaky man.

"Forgot all about Valentine's Day. Isn't it in three weeks or something?" Melanie's heart came to a screeching halt. She didn't expect him to think about spending Valentine's Day with her. That was something people in love did. And their love was incredibly one-sided. But it hurt. God, it hurt.

"Three and a half weeks." Once again she questioned her sanity for getting involved with him. "Just another day for me, only with better tips."

"Glad you got your job back." He wrapped his arm around her, pulling her close. "How about you come to Charlotte with me this weekend and meet some of my buddies?" he asked, sending her heart into overdrive. Men did not introduce casual relationship women to their buddies. Or vice versa.

"We get to drive this the entire way," he added, as if she needed a car for an excuse to spend time with him.

"I'd love...that sounds like fun." While she sounded like a complete idiot.

He turned to her, dark green eyes flashing with humor."Knew you couldn't resist the lure of driving the car."

Dipping her head, she peered up at him though her lashes. "Might have something to do with the owner."

Humor gave way to obvious annoyance. "Lots of women like Chase Montgomery."

"Huh?" She had no idea why lots of women liking Chase Montgomery had anything to do their conversation.

"Don't pretend like you don't know." His fully lips compressed into a thin line. "Almost every woman I've dated, since I've been in racing, wants to meet Montgomery. He's a racing god."

Obviously this was a very bad thing, but she had no idea why he'd think she wanted to re-meet a man she'd already met. Then it dawned on her: Carter had used the word 'dated'. As if they were dating. Or at least that's what she thought he meant.

Oh God, that's what she hoped he meant.

He opened the passenger side door and slid out. "I need some air."

"We're in a convertible, with the top down." She followed him, grabbing his arm. "Look, I'm not sure what's going on, but I only met Chase once or twice -"

"Twice."

"Whatever." Letting go of his arm, she flicked her hands in the air. "All I know is that I was trying to flirt with you. Bad me."

"By saying the only reason you're going to Charlotte with me is to meet the owner of this car?" He ran a hand through his hair, making it stick straight up in the front. "I already had two years of that shit. Trying to make me jealous all the f**king time. April lied to me about everything. Everything-look lying is a deal breaker for me. I'm honest and expect the same from everyone else."

"I know." Boy, didn't she know it. In high school, he had once told her not to wear her favorite sweater because the knit knots on it looked like ni**les. She'd taken a pair of scissors to that thing as soon as she'd gotten home.

"Which is exactly why this is a big f**king deal to me. I don't need this kind of drama in my life, especially from you," he said, his voice harsh. "Jesus Christ, woman. You're already leading me around by my dick. What more do you want?"

Melanie's face drained of color, then her pouty lips thinned. "You, Carter Ambrose, are a big jerk. Huge." She stomped away from him, yelling as she headed to the road. "Ginormous. Enormous. All the words that describe every man I've ever tried to please JERK!"

Every man she'd tried to please? He strode after her, grabbing her arm and spinning her around. "Just how many men have you tried pleasing?" Oh yeah, that didn't sound jerky as hell.

"I don't have enough fingers and toes, and neither do you to help me count them all." Tears filled her pretty eyes. "All a man has to do is tell me I'm pretty and I drop my panties. Why, just the other day Mr. Henry said he thought I was cute as a button while I cleaned his house. So I took that eighty-five year old man by the hand and rocked his freaking world. Next week, I'll get all swoony over the UPS guy telling me how neat my signature is, then let him put his package in my slot."

Scrubbing his hands over his face, he tried to make sense of her, their situation and came up with nothing. "Dammit, woman. Would you be serious?"

"Can't. I'm too stupid." She shoved a finger in his chest. "But at least I'm not mean like you."

"Arrg." He almost dropped to his knees and pounded the dirt field in frustration. What the hell had happened in the last five minutes? He'd invited her ass to Charlotte with him, even said she could drive Chase's car on the way and...oh , shit. "Melanie, did you think that car is mine?"

"Who else's would it be?" she cried, then ran back to the car. "According to Ms. Leah, you have a whole garage full in Charlotte."

Son of a bitch. Why couldn't he actually talk to her like a real person? Oh that's right, he turn into a certifiable dumbass around her. "Melanie..." he began.

"Don't you Melanie me." She snagged her purse, pulled out her phone and walked past him. He grabbed her around her middle and picked her up. She tensed, but didn't fight him.

"You're right." Kissing the side of her neck, he breathed in her coconut scent. "I am a jerk."

"It's not supposed to be like this," she said. "You're not supposed to be like this."

Setting her on her feet, he turned her so she faced him. "How am I supposed to be?"

She searched his face. Her eyes were red and her lips were swollen. "Not like the rest. You're always telling me to quit assuming the worst about myself, but you assume the worst about me."

A kick to the gut, not that he didn't deserve it. He'd known Melanie since she was eight years old and he'd always looked out for her while he lived here. But he sure as hell wasn't being protective of her right now.

She deserved better.

"I'm sorry. It won't happen again."

"That's what they all say. Anyway, Zoe's on her way to get me," she said, her shoulders slumping as she tucked her phone back into her purse. "Things need to go back to the way they were before we made...hooked-up."

Jerk was too good of a word for him. "Melanie-"

She held up a hand. "Don't." Rising to the balls of her feet, she pressed a soft kiss to his cheek. "Thanks for letting me drive."

That one kiss almost had him on his knees, his arms wrapped around her middle and begging for forgiveness, until she relented. Instead he shoved his hands in his pockets. "See you tomorrow at work?"

"Nine a.m. sharp," she said with an obviously forced cheerful tone. "Bye, Carter."

He heard Zoe's Camaro before he saw it. Slowly turning as Melanie walked past him, he saw the accusation in his sister's eyes as she got out of her car. She gave Melanie a hug and then Melanie got in on the passenger side.

"What did you do?" Zoe hissed.

Carter stepped back. He'd never seen her so mad. "Shot off my mouth before my brain got in gear."

"God, it really sucks to know that my brother is just like the rest."

"First her and now you. I'm human, Zoe." He rubbed the bridge of his nose. "I screw up."

Fisting her hands on her hips, she let out a disbelieving snort. "You did more than screw up. Melanie's always been in lo-sweet on you. Everyone around here knows it."

Yeah, they did. Hell he knew it, but thought it was a crush. Nothing serious, until now when his sister had almost said love. "Yeah, well everyone should know that I'm not looking for that." And just when he thought he couldn't be more of a jackass...he said shit like that.

"Too bad you didn't tell Melanie," Zoe snapped. "Stay away from my best friend, Carter, or so help me..."

"What?" He crossed his arms and tilted his head to one side, raising his brows. "You'll write about it in your books?"

"Still trying to think of the perfect person to base the villain on." She tipped up her chin. "Looks like you're edging out the leading candidate."

"Like you know anyone who's villainous," he said, gazing over his sister's shoulder. Melanie sat with her head facing the passenger side window. Yeah, he was the damn villain, breaking a woman's heart like some cold son of a bitch.

"You'd be surprised who I met out in California," she said.

His gaze sliced to hers. Zoe had been different since she'd moved back home. "Something I need to take care of?"

"Nothing to it." Zoe was lying, but if she wasn't going to tell him, then there was nothing he could do. "See you later, Carter."

"I promise to never hurt her again, Zoe." Even if it meant staying away from Melanie, which he realized wasn't something he wanted to do. He had to make things right.

"Don't make promises you can't keep, big brother," Zoe said softly, then she walked back to her car and got in.

He held up his hand in good-bye, but Melanie still refused to look his way. Not that he could blame her. But he could make it up to her.

Starting tomorrow.

***

Melanie found her dad sitting in his usual spot, like he'd never been gone. Unfortunately, he was on his fifth beer and cursing at the television. A sure sign that he'd lost all twelve grand and then some. "Where have you been?"

"With Zoe," she lied, jogging to her bedroom. Okay so it wasn't exactly a lie. Technically she'd spent the past hour with her best friend, until Zoe had convinced her to come spend the night. They'd planned on going to Poor Boy's tonight to dance their cares away.

"Mrs. Gregory said there was a car parked here all night."

Searching her closet, she found the perfect quasi-breakup revenge dress to wear out tonight. "Mrs. Gregory also said there were little green men line dancing on Ms.White's roof last month."

Louis chuckled as she walked to into the living room. She bent down to kiss his scruffy cheek. "Don't wait up for me. I'm staying at Zoe's place."

"I plan on going out of town for about a week, sugar. Got another job lined up in Wilkesboro," he said as she straightened. If she didn't stay as far away from anything that remotely resembled gambling, she would have bet the bank that he was headed up to Cherokee.

Biting back a sigh, she clutched her bag tighter. "That's good, Daddy. Be careful."

"Don't you worry none." He nodded, his eyes never leaving the television screen. "I've got a feeling that our luck's about to change. Raylene will see that I'm the man for her."

Yeah and some things never changed, she thought as she headed out the door and got in her best friend's car.

An hour later, Melanie was downing another shot of Jose Cuervo. She slammed the shot glass down on the bar and headed for the dance floor. A live band had begun to play their version of Big and Rich's Party Like Cowboyz.

She linked arms with Zoe, pulling her along. They shuffled, kicked up their heels and stomped to the beat, shouting the lyrics.

"Nothing like shaking your booty to chase away a man," Melanie yelled over the music.

Zoe grinned. "Or have them panting for your attention." She nodded at two men making their way over to them. "I'll be your wingwoman."

"Wouldn't want anyone else by my side."

Face turning pale, Zoe's eyes grew wide. She grabbed Melanie's arm. "Carter's here and he looks pissed as hell."

Melanie whirled around, smiling at the guys, and then frowning at the jerk glaring at her.

The song changed, bass hitting hard as she was surrounded by tall, hot and male. Sandwiched between them, she tossed her hair and slowly rolled her hips.

"Been staring at you all night, babe," the one behind her said, his hands settling on her waist.

"Have you now?" She leaned back, then looked up at the one in front of her. "What about you, cutie?"

He shrugged. "Had to flip a coin on who got to dance with you first."

"But you're both dancing with me."

"We play well together...on the dance floor and the bedroom."

Melanie blinked. That was kinda hot, but not her thing. Just as she opened her mouth to turn them down, Zoe grabbed her arm. "Carter's heading this way."

"Your brother can kiss my-"

"Excuse me, gentleman, but I need to have a talk with my girl."

"I am not your girl," Melanie snapped and began to drag her dance partners away, but the two hotties were more interested who'd just walked up.

"Holy shit, bro. You're Carter Ambrose."

"Damn shame you're not racing anymore," the guy behind her said, his hands leaving her waist.

Melanie rolled her eyes.

"Nothing's a hundred percent," Carter said, shaking their hands. "But I can tell you this: Jake Henley is one to watch."

"I'm Royce and he's Van." Of course they were, Melanie thought. Only she could attract two guys named after automobiles. "It would be our honor to buy you a couple rounds of beer"

Carter grinned, confident yet humble. "I'm going to take you gentlemen up on your honor and enjoy every last drop." He leaned into Melanie, whispering in her ear. "Be back later, baby, then you can tell me exactly what I can kiss."

"I'm not waiting around for you." She crossed her arms, ignoring how happy her body got with him around. Two plus one didn't turn her on as much as Carter Ambrose.

Stupid happy body.

"Yes, you will." He sauntered off and she stared after him, knowing he was right. Knowing she was allowing him to dictate what she would and wouldn't be doing, but only because she wanted to tell him off again. Or at least that's what she told herself as she found the table she and Zoe had claimed when the first arrived.

Anticipation grew to epic proportions as Melanie waited for him. She drummed her fingers on the table and tapped her foot on the floor. She sneaked a peek at Carter and found him staring at her, then he set down his beer and strode toward her.

The band took a break and the bar's jukebox kicked on. The Civil War's Dance Me Until the End of Love began to play.

As he neared, her heart sped up so fast that she was sure it was about to run out of her chest. It knew what her brain refused to believe. She wanted to dance with him.

Wordlessly, he took her hand and led her on the dance floor, wrapping her arms around his neck. As if it were the most natural thing in the world, she lay her head on his chest. They moved slowly, bodies turning and swaying with the beat.

His hand coasted down her arm, sending shockwaves throughout her nerves, as it traveled and found a home on the small of her back. The heat of his palm was like a brand on her skin. Holding her away from him, he spun her around and pulled her back again.

"You look sexy as hell in that dress, Melanie."

"Thank you." She wouldn't let his compliment sway her. "Too bad you lost your chance to go home with me."

"Too bad for you, too." Carter's head dipped to hers, his mouth dangerously close. "Don't go home with anyone but my sister."

"Or what? You'll cause a scene, maybe kick some good ol' boy's butt, just to show that redneck in you hasn't been completely driven out?"

"All that and more." His green eyes bore into hers. "I'm feeling mighty proprietary towards you, Miss Smith."

"Big words suppose to impress me? In case you forgot, I'm a beauty school drop-out," she said, but her heart wasn't in it. In fact her heart thrilled at the thought of him feeling so possessive of her.

A soft smile pushed up the corners of his sexy mouth. He brushed an invisible strand of hair away from her face. "You just haven't found the career that interests you enough, but when you do-watch out Holland Springs. Hell, watch out world."

"You really think all that about me?" It was true she flitted from job to job, trying to discover exactly what she wanted to do, or be. So far, the only thing that interested her cost too much to invest in, and her camera, the one she'd inherited from her momma, had stopped working two years ago.

"I do." He searched her face. "I think you're gorgeous, sexy, smart-" She rolled her eyes. -"smart and thoughtful. Too good for a dumbass jerk like me."

Tears gathered in her throat. "Stop teasing me."

"I'm dead serious. Sometimes, my mouth shifts to fifth while my brain stalls in first, and it's your job to call me out on it."

The things he said to her. She sighed. "I'll think on it."

The song ended, but they kept moving. Carter seemed no more inclined to leave her than she did him. Out of the corner of her eye, the band walked back onto the stage.

"Song's over." Lifting her chin, he gazed down at her. Closing her eyes, she waited for the inevitable. For him to kiss her, for her to forgive him and for them to end up hot and sweaty, and tangled up in each other in his bed.

"Carter," she breathed.

"Thank you for the dance, Melanie," he said and her eyes popped open. "I'll be at the bar until you leave with Zoe."

She gasped. "Of all the high-handed-"

"Still your choice." He touched her cheek, then walked away, leaving her wanting more.

Zoe sidled up to her. "Carter's not leaving until we do, is he?"

"Nope."

Carter sat down on an empty bar stool and lifted his glass in salute.

"And you're okay with that?"

Unable to lie to herself or her best friend, Melanie sighed. "Yep." Then she grinned at Zoe. "Doesn't mean I'm leaving anytime soon. Let's dance."

Chapter Eleven

After staying until closing time and watching Carter watch her, Melanie made it to work five minutes before nine.

Of course he was already there. The damn man rose with the sun. She didn't know how he did it, because being a non-morning person meant that ten o'clock felt like five a.m..

"Morning," she said, come to a halt in the doorway of his office. She blinked. There were roses everywhere. Pink, purple, white and blush. "What's all this?"

Carter ambled to her, one hand in his pocket and biting the side of his lip. "Part of my apology. I know it's pretty standard, but-"

"It's not standard with me." She walked inside, brushing past him and lifting the closest vase. "These smell so good."

"You like?" He stood behind her, so close that she could feel the heat his body threw off. In that moment all she wanted to do was touch and kiss him. His hands crept around her waist, pulling her back against his front. "Forgive me?"

"It's a step in the right direction."

"It's nine o'clock." His hands fell away. "Time for work."

Eyes opening, she set down the vase and whirled to face him. "Thank you for the roses."

He grinned. "Welcome."

"Aren't you exhausted?" she asked, her voice cracking on a yawn.

"I'm used to going all night."

Oh dear God. There was so much promise in his words that she was ready to call it quitting time and drag him upstairs. "Can you get that for me?" she asked, pointing to a box on a top shelf on the far wall. "I need to go through those files."

"Sure thing, Miss Smith," he said, coming up behind her. His large, lean body pressed against her as he grabbed the box. He set the box right in front of her, his arms around her but not touching. "This good for you?"

Was it good for her? She wanted to whimper at the ache he'd started between her thighs. "Y-yes," she said, scooting away from him. She could hear him walking behind him and her heart sped up. Thankfully, just as she put the box down on the table by the file cabinet, her phone rang.

"Feel free to answer that. I don't have a no cell phone policy," he said from behind her. "Besides it could be your dad."

"Hope not, because my dad only calls me for two reasons: He's in jail, or he needs me to come pick him up from Poor Boys." She answered on the third ring. "Hello?"

"Ms. Smith?"

This couldn't be good. No phone call that started with a Ms. Anything was ever good. "Yes?"

"This is Jane Ellen, calling from Holland Springs Bank. You had two debits that overdrew your account. Since this is the first time a situation like this has ever occurred during your time with us, we paid the bills anyway."

Her brow furrowed. Needing privacy, she mouthed, "Be right back" at Carter and headed out the door. "That was really nice of you, but I don't understand why my account would be overdrawn. I have almost forty-five hundred dollars in there." And the only two bills she had were car insurance and cell phone, which totaled no where near that amount.

"As of two p.m. you had a balance of twenty five dollars. That is, until the debits hit. "

"I don't understand. I haven't taken out any money." A feeling of dread washed over her. She closed her eyes and leaned against her car, bracing for the bad news.

There was an audible breath, then a throat cleared. "Your daddy came in here this morning and withdrew four thousand, four hundred and fifty dollars from your account. LeeAnne waited on him, like usual. "

She let her head hit the piece of metal above the window. LeeAnne Parks was sweet on her dad, but he never gave her the time of day, due to her being available and not in need of a white knight. "But he didn't have my permission."

"He's listed on your account."

"That's because I opened it when I was twelve, remember? You were the one who waited on me."

"I realize that, but since then, you could have had him removed."

Yeah, she could have, but she never dreamed Louis would steal from her. Taking a steadying breath, she counted to ten. "Is there anything I can do to get it back?"

"I'm sorry, Melanie. There's nothing I or anyone else here can do. Why don't you talk to Louis? In the meantime, we'll have to hold-off on closing on your loan next month."

"Thanks." For nothing, she wanted to add. Melanie hung up and fisted her hand around her phone. "Damn you, Louis Smith."

"Everything okay?" Carter asked as Melanie appeared in his office again, her face red and her brown eyes glittering.

"No, everything is not okay." She marched back to the table by the file cabinet and jerked the lid off of the helpless box. "The bank's basically told me I'm a deadbeat and my dad's run off with all my money." Turning, she shook her head and gave him a brittle smile. "I was supposed to close on my house next month. Looks like that will never happen."

Jumping up from his chair, he joined her at the table, taking away the file she'd just pulled out. "What can I do to help?" Hunting Louis down and beating the crap out of him for putting Melanie in this position was high on his list, but he didn't think she'd like that too much. And he didn't relish the thought of going to jail for assault.

"Nothing." Lifting her chin, she took the file back and held it to her chest. "I'm never getting out of that trailer park."

"I know you wanted the house, Melanie, but there's not a thing wrong with living in a trailer park."

Her expression turned sour. "Says the man that owns three houses and a condo." Then she smacked both hands over her mouth, letting the file fall to the floor. "I'm so sorry. That was-"

"No need to apologize. We all say and do things we don't mean, or at least we don't mean once cooler heads prevail."

She dropped to the floor, picking up the scattered papers. He joined her, handing her the ones that had slid under the table. "Thanks." Replacing them, she set the folder on the table. "I don't think I'm any good to you today."

"Understandable." Biting the side of his lip, he lifted his brows. "How would you feel about us taking a trip together-strictly business, of course-to Charlotte? I'll pay for your expenses."

"Is this the same trip you'd invited me on yesterday?" Her brown eyes had gone all soft and dewy.

He gave her a crooked smile. "Yeah, but I really do need you to come with me. I have three business meetings with possible investors, and I'll need someone to help me keep everything straight. Maybe take some notes."

"Don't you have lawyers for that?"

"Yeah, but those investors always have an assistant and I can't walk in there looking all wet behind the ears." He had no idea if that was true or not, since his manager and agent had always handled things of that nature. But for this, his own start-up, he wanted to be the one to handle it. Even if it meant he fell flat on his face. He always did like to learn the hard way.

"Beats staying here and moping around," she said with a shrug and a sigh.

"Gee thanks."

"It's not an insult."

"Don't explain yourself. Everyone needs to get away." Warmth coursed through his veins as her expression of utter hopelessness eased a tiny bit. He knew the smallest distance gained could win the entire race. "Go home and pack, then I'll be by to pick you up at five thirty."

"Are we driving?"

"Flying. Wieland Airlines was a sponsor of mine and we're still on good terms." Actually, he'd decided to go that route, because he couldn't ride in a car with Melanie for five hours and not keep his hands off of her.

***

The flight was uneventful and quick. Just the kind he liked. A limo picked them out front of Charlotte Douglas International, whisking them away to the Marquis. After checking in, the valet showed them to Melanie's room.

Carter tipped the woman and shut the door behind her, then turned to face Melanie. She stood at the windows, peering out at the Charlotte skyline. The lights of the Carolina Panthers' stadium were visible from this high up.

"Feel free to order room service, movies and gorge yourself on the mini-bar." He smiled as she whirled to face him. "Jump on the bed and prank call the room next door." All those things she had done with his sister the last time they'd come out to Charlotte to visit him, before he bought his house. But there was no way he could take Melanie to his house. He didn't trust himself.

"Not much fun to do without a friend," she said, moving to the bed. Her hand trailed over the covers. "This is a huge bed for just one person."

Yeah and he'd like nothing more than to join her in it. His dick was on board with his plan, too. Jesus, he had to get out of there. "If you don't need anything, I'll be going." He turned, moving to the door.

"Carter, wait!" Her coconut scent reached him before she did.

Hand on the door knob, he closed his eyes as her arms came around him. This is was okay. She'd always given him hugs, except when he'd gotten engaged, then she'd avoided him like he had the plague. Her br**sts flattened against his back. He stiffened.

"I'm glad you brought me with you. I needed this."

"Me, too." Then he opened the door and stepped out of her embrace.

***

The three meetings he had scheduled went two for three in his favor. Two major investors not only wanted to help him get started, but had a list of clients that would be interested in his services.

Only problem was that one of the investors was a close friend of the governor and Carter wasn't completely sure that they were there for the potential to make money. Since he'd removed his manager and agent from the equation, he needed someone to bounce off ideas. someone that wouldn't bullshit him or break his balls.

Someone like Jake Henley.

After texting his friend and former teammate, Carter checked in on Melanie.

How's it going?

Swimmingly. 

?

She texted him a picture of the pool on the fiftieth floor. Good thing it was heated, else her cute ass would be freezing right about now. He had to force himself to not ask Melanie to text him a picture of herself, wearing one of those tiny bikinis she favored.

Join me and Jake for drinks tonight?

Already have plans. Thanks anyway. Tomorrow?

"Plans," he muttered. Who did she know in Charlotte? It didn't matter, because he hadn't earned the right to be nosy about her personal life. Despite his little talk with her at Poor Boy's, she was keeping him firmly in the friend zone.

Pick you up at five. Have fun. Friend zone or not, he couldn't stop himself from adding, Be careful and call me when you get in.

K 

Motioning for the clerk, he indicated the necklace he wanted to see. Smiling, the woman gently removed it from the case and displayed it on black velvet. Diamond, sapphires and emeralds gleamed under the store lights. The gold chain was delicate, like the pendant.

"I'll take it."

"Would you like for me to gift wrap it, Mr. Ambrose?"

Melanie would probably like that. "Please." He'd give it to her tomorrow as a thank you for putting up with him and cheering him on between meetings. She'd worn a pencil thin skirt, with a fitted suit jacket, her hair in a soft up-do as she sat at his side. Each little under-the-table pat on his knee made him feel ten feet tall and bullet proof.

He was really going to miss that when he moved.

***

Pouring himself a glass of Southern Comfort, he wandered around his house. April had been the one to pick out the floor plan, the neighborhood and the interior designer. It was perfect, or it had been.

April had taken her favorite pieces of furniture and all the artwork. The rest, she had said, he could sell on eBay or donate to Goodwill. He hadn't done either, yet.

He sat down on the leather sofa in the media room, grabbing the remote. For almost forty five minutes, he watched his old races-the times he'd won and lost. And crashed.

Then he watched his last race, the one where he'd hit the wall so hard that his car had crumpled around him like an accordion.

Wincing, he clicked off the television. Yeah, he missed racing, but he did not miss the recovery time or the look on his mother's face when he first opened his eyes in the hospital. Come to think of it, everyone he'd known had visited him, including Melanie.

Then again, Melanie had been a part of his life in some way, shape or form since he was eleven. Smiling, he leaned his head back and thought about his earliest memory of her.

He could see her clearly: Sunshine-colored hair, face full of freckles and big brown eyes. He'd been playing football on the playground and she'd asked to join in. The other boys had said no. Then she'd looked at him, batted her lashes, and he'd felt sucker-punched.

Hell, he still felt that way around her.

The doorbell rang, pulling him out of his memories. Rising from the sofa, he set his drink down on the way to answer the door.

A grin kicked up the corners of his mouth as Jake Henley walked in. "Hope you don't mind, but I brought along an old friend and his guest." Then Jake's voice dropped, "Didn't have choice. Chase beat my ass at the last stoplight. Told him where I was going, before I knew who was with him. Sorry."

Carter shrugged. "Maybe he can contribute." While breaking his balls.

Chase Montgomery stepped inside, shaking Carter's hand. "Thanks for having me."

Just as he closed the door, April breezed through. "Fancy seeing you here. Love what you've done with the place."

Shit. No damn wonder Jake was sorry. "Come on in. Make yourself right at home," Carter muttered to himself as he joined the threesome in his kitchen.

April cozied up to Chase, batting her big blue eyes at him. Nearly two years ago that same move had sent him chasing after her, pursuing April like she was the two million dollar purse at Daytona. A year ago, watching her do that would have sent him into a jealous rage. He would have shot off his mouth, then they would have had angry make-up sex.

Tonight, however, it didn't even register. He smiled and reclaimed his drink, he took a long pull.

Despite April's over the top flirting, Chase didn't seem interested. Then again, Racing Royalty could have any woman he wanted around here. Hell, last year the man had dated the Princess of some European country he couldn't remember the name of, their images splashed on every magazine and online gossip blog.

"A toast to my man, Carter, for knocking it out of the park today," Jake said, lifting a glass. "Charlotte's restoration car business won't know what hit 'em."

Piercing grey eyes met Carter's. "Finally made up your mind, huh? Thought you'd stay in Holland Springs."

"Actually, that's what I needed to talk to Jake about. Mind if we go in the other room?"

April tossed her hair. "I'll be happy to keep Chase occupied."

Just as Carter and Jake left the room, Carter bumped a picture with his hip. He stopped, picked up the frame and set it back in place.

"Already been occupied by you, darlin'. Or did you forget that time I showed you how to drive stick? Practiced in every car I owned until you got it right," Chase said, his voice low, but Carter heard every word.

"You're a bad boy, Chase Montgomery," April cooed.

Still he felt nothing and kept walking. That's really what had driven him and April apart, at least on her end. She wanted a bad boy twenty-four seven. Only once Carter committed to a woman, the bad boy took a backseat to the dedicated boyfriend.

Jake waited in Carter's office, standing near the French doors that led outside.

"I've been thinking-"

"A dangerous pastime for you, man." Jake grinned, his white teeth flashing the million dollar smile he was known for. He ran a hand through his hair, blue eyes gleaming with humor. "So what's on your mind?"

Carter relayed his dilemma, then waited for Jake to mull it over.

After a few minutes, Jake said, "You should definitely open your business in Charlotte."

"That much I already knew, but I'm not sure if it's the best option."

"Charlotte's where you have the contacts, the social life and clients," Jake pointed out.

Carter looked out through the French doors at his backyard. Pool lights gleamed under the water while steam rose from the top. "Definitely don't have that in Holland Springs." Unless he counted spending time with Melanie as his social life. He really should have invited her over to swim in his pool. Then he would have been able to watch her splash around, her br**sts bobbing as she floated on her back.

He gave himself a mental shake and turned to face Jake, only to spy April standing in the doorway, looking like a cat that had caught the canary.

"Need something?" he said. How much had she heard?

"Looking for the ladies room."

"What are you doing here? I thought you couldn't be torn away from my mother."

"Had an appointment with my hair dresser." She let out a little huff. "Bathroom?"

Shaking his drink, he listened to the ice rattling around. "You picked out the house, April. I'm pretty sure you know where everything is located."

"That I do." Blowing him a kiss, she sauntered away.

"Damn good day when the two of you broke up," Jake said from behind him. "Anyway, how about going into business with me? I know my way around cars and finances."

"Don't I know it, Mr. MBA," Carter said, bumping his fist against Jake's. "I'll give it some serious consideration, but in the meantime, let's get rid of my guests and get the hell out of here."

Chapter Twelve

The minute he stepped foot into King's, Carter knew Melanie was here. A cute waitress, wearing all black, led him and Jake to the club's VIP section on the second floor. From up here he could survey the entire dance floor, but the flashing lights and columns made it difficult for those on the lower level to see him.

A flash of sunshine-colored hair caught his eye and he found his girl in the center of the dance floor, shaking her cute ass with her arms in the air. Dressed in a flirty skirt and hot pink halter top, she had the attention of every man in the place. A slow grin kicked up the corners of his mouth as she wagged a finger at the guy who'd come up behind her and scooted away.

Jake joined him at the railing."Is that-"

"Yep."

"Damn. She's really filled out since last I saw her."

"She looks the same and you keep your damn eyes to yourself," Carter growled.

Melanie pulled a laughing woman out on the floor and the two began to dance.

Jake laughed. "How's your sister, Zoe?"

"In a relationship."

"Dude, I'm just yanking your chain." His buddy ambled over to the long silver sofa and sat down, spreading his arms along the back. "Mind if I invite some ladies to join us?"

That's exactly what he needed. Or so he thought.

Jake ticked up his chin and two women, dressed to kill, sauntered over. One joined him at the balcony. She opened plump lips and he held up his hand.

"Hi, I'm Carter and I'm seeing someone."

A little smile played on the woman's lips as a cocktail waitress handed each of them a beer. "Hi, Carter. I'm Kelly and why aren't you with her?"

He tilted the beer down toward the dance floor. "I am, only I really messed things up. So here I am, up here and relegated to the friend zone while I watch over Melanie."

"You're stalking her?" Kelly's brow furrowed as she brushed back a long strand of blond hair."FYI: I'm a self-defense instructor and I'll totally kick your ass if you so much as try to go all-"

"No, nothing like that. I've been protective of her since we were kids. Kind of a habit now." One he liked and had missed while he dated April. He took a long pull from the bottle. "Initially, I asked her to text me when she got back to her hotel room. Wasn't planning on see her at all tonight. My buddy, Jake, picked out this place and she just happened to be here."

Kelly didn't look completely convinced but held up her drink. "Here's to getting her back."

Here's to him not f**king things up again. He finished the last of his beer and joined Jake on the sofa, shrugging out of his coat. He kept one eye on Melanie while he and his buddy discussed strategy for Jake's next race.

A little after midnight, Melanie waved good-bye to the group of friends she had apparently made and began to push her way through the throng of people. He jumped up, intent on catching her before she left.

"Where's the fire?" Jake called out, his arms around the very lovely Kelly and her friend, Sharon.

Carter headed for the stairs. "Need to make sure she gets to the hotel safe."

"Bring her with you tomorrow." Jake threw Carter's jacket at him. "I could use some inspiration."

Catching his jacket, he flashed his buddy a grin. "Planned on it, but you can find inspiration elsewhere."

"Holler at you later."

Taking the stairs two at a time, Carter snagged Melanie's arm just as she walked outside. A sharp elbow came flying back just as her foot stomped down on his toes. "Arrg!" He stumbled, nearly toppling her over.

"Carter," she gasped, her brown eyes round. "I'm so sorry. I thought you were some random guy trying to cop a feel."

Of her elbow? "Nope, just me." He blinked, trying not to wince at the pain as he rubbed his stomach. "Wanted to give you a ride back to the hotel."

"That's nice of you, but I already texted a cab."

"Good, we'll share it."

She let out a thick sigh. "Carter you don't have to end your date just to take care of me."

Raising his brows, he tilted his head to one side. So, she had seen him and maybe, just maybe she'd been dancing out there for his benefit. "I'm not on a date. Don't get me wrong-I enjoy Jake's company, but he's just not into me."

"So your love is unrequited, bless your heart." Her lips twitched, then thinned. "Hopefully one of those girls you had up there can make it all better."

"Rather be with you, making sure you get home okay." The hopeful expression that had appeared on her face disappeared faster than the smoke on the water. He wanted to smack himself.

"I don't need your misplaced sense of watching out for your sister's best friend. I'm fine on my own."

"Humor me anyway."

The cab pulled up to the curb and Melanie moved toward it. Carter beat her to the door, opening it for her and sliding in once she was settled.

After giving the driver her address, he settled back into the seat. They rode in stony silence back to the hotel. Or at least she did. He spent most of the time trying to figure out the best way to get her to spend the day with him and give her the necklace he had stashed in his coat pocket.

Jesus Christ. He needed to man-up and do the direct approach.

"Come spend the day with me, out at the Speedway." He dug into his pocket and pulled out the small box. "While we're there, will you where this for me?"

Delicately arched brows dipped together as she unwrapped and opened the gift. Her eyes flew to his. "What's this?"

"It's yours." He bit the side of his lip. "And it's my apology, part two."

"A girl could get used to this kind of apologizing." Melanie glanced down, pulling on the delicate chain nestled within the box. A small hummingbird dangled from the center, diamond, emeralds and sapphires joined together to form its body. "It's gorgeous."

Another first for her, she'd never been given jewelry before. But she felt too silly and too embarrassed to admit it.

"Let me put it on you." He took the necklace. She turned to the side, staring out the window as they slowly inched up the driveway to the hotel's entrance. He brushed her hair to one side, his touch making her shiver.

The necklace dropped into place against the back of her neck and she whirled to face him. His emerald eyes looked black in the dim interior of the cab. "Thank you." Then she leaned forward, intending on giving him a kiss on the cheek, but he turned at the last minute and their lips met.

Neither of them pulled away, so Melanie stayed right where she was, kissing him and letting her hands steal up his chest. His tongue teased her lips and she opened her mouth, taking him inside of her.

Large hands settled on her thighs, but went no further. They stay locked like that, as time seemed to slow down. She focused on him, his taste and smell. How hot and wet he got her just by nibbling on her bottom lip.

How could something that felt so right be so completely one-sided? How could she ever stop kissing him tonight? Blood pounded in her ears as she let her hand drift down, finding his rock hard length. At least her desire for him wasn't one-sided.

She squeezed and he let out a groan, turning his head. "Stop...I can't do this." But he didn't push her away, instead he gathered her in his arms and held her close. She didn't know whether to be flattered or insulted by his rejection.

Then again he had said can't, not won't. Hardly a rejection. "We need to take things slow, not jump into a relationship like we did before."

Take things slow? If she'd waited any longer for him, she'd be old and gray by the time he came around to her way of thinking. Her head began to hurt. Almost as much as her heart.

The cab finally made it to the hotel's main entrance. Reluctant to leave Carter's embrace, she sat until he finally opened the door.

Freezing cold air shot inside, making her teeth chatter. She wished she'd worn something a little more weather appropriate.

"You looked damned sexy tonight," he said as he helped her out.

"Thanks." She tugged gently on her necklace. "Thank you for this, too."

"Don't thank me for apologizing." He looked around, then back at her. "It would mean a lot if you would spend the day with me tomorrow."

Letting out a shaky breathe, she smiled. "What time?"

"Around noon. I know how much you like sleeping in." He pressed one last kiss to the top of her head. "I'll wait until you get inside. Text me when you're back in your room."

"Should I text you after I brush my teeth, too?"

"And right after you say your prayers."

Rolling her eyes, she shook her head and shifted from side to side. "Thank you again for my present."

"Night, sweetheart," he called out and her heart soared.

Glancing over her shoulder, she said, "Night, baby doll." She blew him a kiss, nearly doing a jumpy clap at the heated look on his face.

Tomorrow would be interesting, to say the least.

Chapter Thirteen

After they arrived at the racetrack, Carter had introduced her to his buddies as his good friend, which made her only a little sad. Okay, so if she were being really honest, it made her a lot sad. But seeing him back in his element was a sight to behold. Not even fifteen minutes ago, he had decided to take up Jake on the offer to warm up his car. Or something like that.

All suited up, Carter strode onto the track.

"What do you think you're doing?" She thought that by warming up his car, that they'd go to the place where he hadn't slammed into the wall. Her knees began to shake.

"Hopefully, he's impressing his girl," Jake said with a laugh.

Carter flipped him off, then turned to Melanie. "Want a turn when I'm done?"

"Are you insane?" The car that waited for him cost more than she'd ever make in a freaking lifetime.

"I'm crazy all right." He gave her a wicked smile and a wink before he put on his helmet and climbed in the driver's seat.

"How long has it been since he's last driven?" Fear gripped her heart, sinking its razor sharp claws deep. The last race she'd watched, he'd crashed into the wall and she almost fainted. Seeing him lying in the hospital, so pale and helpless when usually he was sun-kissed and heroic, had brought her to her knees. She'd never prayed so hard for God to not take the one she loved away, not since her momma had died.

"It'll be okay," Jake said, his hazel eyes dancing as if he knew a secret. "Come stand beside me and I'll help you get through it."

"But you have to promise to quit holding your breath," he added.

Blushing, she exhaled and adjusted her sunglasses. Carter peeled out of his spot like the devil was after him. She whooped when he made the first lap.

"Told you he'd be okay."

"He's more than okay, I think." She held up her hand, shielding her eyes from the afternoon sun.

"So are you," Jake said. She turned a little, keeping one eye on Carter. "I remember you praying for him at the hospital. Not even his ex stayed around to do that."

"Not everyone does public exhibitions of prayer," she said, trying to downplay what she'd done, which in the grand scheme of things was not much.

"Yeah and not everyone goes out and parties while the man they love is in a coma for three days."

"Please stop talking about her, else I won't be able to stop myself from committing a crime of passion the next time I see April," she said, her tone light and teasing. On the inside, her thoughts were anything but light or teasing. More like dark and murderous.

"You know if he wasn't such a great guy, I'd probably hate him." Jake reset his stopwatch on his phone.

"Why?"

"Because it's effortless with him. He's a natural, only he doesn't give a shit like the rest of us-pardon my language, ma'am." Jake tapped his screen and whistled as Carter zoomed past. "Just shaved a half second off, the bastard."

"I hate to disagree but I think Carter gives a shit"-She grinned.-"about racing."

"Nah, he only hates not being first. Racing cars is an outlet for him. It's all about the thrill, the sport...not the glory or the money. All that is icing on the cake."

"So he's really okay with giving all this up?" Jake fiddled with the brim of his baseball cap. "Not everything. He can still be involved without being out there, and he's got the business sense to do it."

A sense of foreboding washed over her, but she shook it off as Carter came roaring into the Pit. He climbed out of the car, pulling off his helmet and tossing it at Jake. His hair was plastered to his forehead. He unzipped his suit, exposing the form-fitting t-shirt underneath that defined his muscular chest.

"What did you think?"

"I think it's a damn good thing you've retired." Jake bumped Carter's fist with his own. "Else I'd be eating your exhaust."

"Admit it: You love the taste of my exhaust," Carter said and Jake punched him in the shoulder.

"On that note, I'm getting the heck out of dodge. Going to see a woman about a woman."

"Later, bro."

Melanie smiled over their exchanged. Carter crooked a finger at her. "Get over here and stroke my ego."

Oh, she'd like to stroke more than his ego, she thought as she ran to him. "That was amazing! You were amazing and I couldn't stop cheering for you, once I picked my heart off the asphalt."

Trying to hold her at arm's length, he said, "I'm all dirty and sweaty."

"Don't care." Wrapping her arms around his neck, she hugged him tight. "You looked good out there."

"Not as good as you did running to me." He let her go slowly, his eyes dropping to her br**sts. "Everyone else enjoyed the show, too." Fingering her necklace, he smiled. "This looks good on you, too."

Stepping back, she tucked her hands into the pockets of her jeans and toed a boot on the asphalt. "I slept in it last night."

He raised his brows, his fingers dipping lower and making her shiver. "That so? Well, how about you wear that necklace to my house and I'll cook you dinner?"

"You cook?"

"You can't live with Leah and Lawton Ambrose for eighteen years and not learn how. It's a requirement for the boys and the girls. Chaps my ass that Heath's better than me. Boy can make some mean strawberry and cream crepes."

Laughing she laced her fingers with his, walking off the Speedway with him. "What about the rest? Wait, I already know. Luke lectures on safety while Logan is the bottomless pit. Evangeline sits back and takes notes and Zoe bosses everyone around."

"I'd be impressed with that, except for the fact that you practically lived at my house since you were eight."

"Please, you can know a person for years and not really know about them or their family."

He got a faraway look in his eyes. "Ain't that the damn truth."

Chapter Fourteen

Carter's house was nothing like she imagined, mostly because she'd only seen homes like it on MTV Cribs and Southern Living magazine. The foyer had a ceiling that had to be as tall as the house. Her stilettos clicked with every step she took on the white marble floor.

"Nice shoes."

"Thanks. I wore the necklace, too." And her shortest skirt. The pushup bra seemed to be doing its job as well. Pinning her shoulders, she smiled.

Carter ran his eyes over her, green turning dark with desire. He cleared his throat and motioned for her to follow him. "Dinner's ready."

"Sure it's big enough for the two of us?" The dining room was bigger than her entire house and could seat at least fifty people. Okay, so maybe she was exaggerating but the room was ginormous.

"We can eat in the kitchen, if you want."

Letting out a thick sigh, she pretended to consider his offer. "Nah, I'll suck it up and eat in here."

"I appreciate your sacrifice," he said with a wry smile. He held out her seat, waiting for her to sit before he wiggled the chair up to the table.

Her plate was already fixed, with a juicy steak, steaming baked potato and a fresh salad. "Dessert's in the kitchen, so eat all your veggies, Miss Smith."

Rolling her eyes, she picked up her glass of red wine and took a small sip. "Yes, sir, Mr. Ambrose."

Waving a fork at her, he made a sound of mock disapproval. "Don't make me punish you for having a sassy mouth."

"How would you go about that?" She put on her best angel face to hide how wicked she wanted to be with him.

"I'd put it to work singing my praises."

"Boring," she said with a pout. "I bet you could think of something else for my mouth to do."

His eyes dropped to her lips and she could practically see the lust written in them. "How's the steak?"

She almost dropped her fork. The steak?! "Fine." She stabbed a piece and chomped down on it. Chewing the delicious meat, she stared at everything in the room, but him.

Trying to make small talk was too much to ask of her, mostly because she was too ticked off and-once again-too embarrassed by her shameless mouth.

Eating the last bite of salad, she pushed back her chair and stood. "Thanks for dinner. I'll help clear the table."

"Wait." Carter's arm shot out, grabbing her by the wrist. "I have something that needs saying."

Yeah, well she didn't want to hear some speech, re-emphasizing how they needed to take things slow. Or at all. "My steak was great, the meal was great. Everything was so great that I'm too full to eat dessert," she said, smoothing her skirt down. "You don't have to drive me back to the hotel. I'll text the driver I used last night. He was great." If she said great one more time, she would stab herself in the hand with her own fork as punishment.

"I thought it best if we were to go back to being friends."

Of course he did. She closed her eyes, tears threatening to fall. "Yeah, I guess that's-"

"But I can't do it, sweetheart." His chair scraped back and she felt the heat of him as he came to stand behind her.

"You can't?"

"Hell, no. I can't stand idly by, watching other men talk to you. I know what they're thinking, what they're seeing and what they want, because I'm feeling the exact same way." One of his hands slid around and up, cupping her breast. His free hand joined in, going to the small buttons of her shirt and slowly freeing each one. "I want you in my bed. I want to hear those breathy sighs while my c**k is in you."

Her breath hitched and her eyes opened. "Carter..."

"Tell me you want that, too."

"I want you in me," she said, arching against him and rubbing her bottom against his erection.

"Jesus, you say the sexiest things."

She shoved the plates away from her. "Right here is good."

"Right here is great." He pushed her down on the table and flipped up her skirt. She heard his zipper being pulled down, then the sound of foil ripping. "Fuck me. Who bought you these?"

Guess he liked the lace thong. "I did while I was out shopping yesterday. Someone who shall remain nameless, so as to not gross you out, recommended the store."

"My dick thanks you for that." Carter slipped his hand beneath the edge of them, finding her wet. "Always like this for me... so wet and hot." He thrust two fingers inside of her and curled them, making her hips jerk back. For long minutes, he tortured her like that, keeping her on the edge of release as she begged for him to make her come.

"Why don't you put your c**k where your hand is?"

"That mouth of yours is going to get you in trouble one day, baby."

"Hope you're the one that punishes me."

In one smooth motion, he shoved her panties to one side and thrust deep. "Hell, yes." Her tight heat sucked him in, muscles clamping down on him so hard that he groaned at the pleasure. Pleasure built as he rocked into her. "Damn, I love f**king you."

"Carter," she said on a moan, her hips pushing back.

Relentless, he sought to drive himself deep. So deep that she'd forever be marked by him, that no other man would ever come close to touching what they had. Only that was the problem. He didn't want her with another man. Some faceless, nameless man who would feel and see her like this, so vulnerable and at his mercy, because she'd allowed it.

Pulling out, he turned her around and lifted her, driving into her once more. He walked forward, until her back hit the door to the kitchen. "Look at me." Chocolate eyes glazed with desire and passion gazed into his. "Never gonna be this good with anyone else."

She tightened her thighs around him. "Only you...I only want you inside of me. Forever."

He wanted that to and it should have scared him shitless. Her words stripped him bare, until only a fierce desire to possess her remained.

"Only me," he growled.

He took her mouth then, tongue tangling as he sank inside of her. Deeper than he ever thought possible, until she twisted her hips and he slid the smallest of distances. But it was enough to send him into a frenzy.

Caught up in a fever, he f**ked her like his life depended on how good she came. Slipping a hand between them, he pinched her clit and she cried out. Her body seized up and her inner walls began to milk him.

Tearing his mouth away, he watched as she went over the edge, calling out his name. "Beautiful," he murmured, but his enthrallment didn't last long, because in his next heartbeat he poured himself inside of her.

"Melanie...fuck," he panted, holding himself completely still inside of her while she throbbed and pulsated around him. She kissed his throat and jaw, her sweet breath fanning over his sensitive skin. He let her legs slide to the floor, then claimed her mouth in a long kiss. Something hot and sweet washed over him as the tips of her fingers touched his face.

He leaned back to get a good look at her. At her flushed face and tousled curls. At the emotion shining clearly in her dark eyes.

And he was done. Forget done. He was worthless. No good for anyone but her.

"Don't go back to the hotel. Spend the night with me," he whispered. "I want you with me." Who was he kidding? He needed her with him. Always.

He loved this woman.

"I want to be with you, too."

For a moment he considered telling her, but he wasn't completely confident that she felt the same. Coward that he was, he kept it to himself.

Then again, he could show her how much he loved her.

Sweeping her up in his arms, he carried her to his bedroom, laid her on the bed and stripped off her clothes. "I'm a lucky man, you know that?"

Smiling, she caressed the side of his face and he leaned into her hand. "You sure are."

Damn, but he loved it when she was confident and sassy, saying whatever she thought. "Where should I start first? So many, many options" He pressed a kiss on her neck, then nibbled a path up to her jaw, his hand memorizing the contours of her body. Where she dipped and curved in hot degrees that he wanted block off for every man that wasn't him.

She trembled beneath his touch, her sexy body and beautiful face filling with color. Dark pink lips parted, her tongue slipping out to lick at her bottom lip. The hummingbird pendant gleamed against her skin, right where her pulse fluttered out of control.

"Kiss me," she breathed.

And like every good southern boy should, he followed her orders with a polite "Yes, ma'am.". However, what he felt like doing to her was beyond polite.

He kissed her until he couldn't breathe, couldn't see straight or even want to know his name. Their tongues glided together, slipping and sliding...curling around the other. But it wasn't enough, not by a long shot.

"More," she moaned.

"In a little while," he said between kisses. Only merely kissing the sexy woman lying beneath him was like only wanting to come in second at a qualifying race.

So he worshipped her with his mouth, licking and teasing her ni**les until she dug her hands in his hair. Kissing his way down her stomach was no hardship at all and when he parted her, he groaned at the sight of her pink, wet flesh.

He'd planned on this being all about her pleasure. But as he tasted her and his c**k grew hard, he couldn't help but crawl up her body and put her gorgeous legs over his arms.

"I need you, with nothing between us." Rubbing the head of his dick against her wet heat, he said, "Trust me."

"Trust me back." Then she bent her legs and he sank inside. His eyes watered at the pleasure. He watched her br**sts bounce as he began to move. Dipping his head, he caught a hard nipple in his mouth and sucked.

She whimpered and moaned, did all those things he loved to hear and feel. Her nails raked down his back and he hissed. Faster and harder he pounded into her, until he had to lower his arms on the bed and pin her to it with his lower body.

Her first orgasm made her entire body flush pink.

He ground down on her. "Again, baby."

Blonde curls went everywhere as she shook her head. "Can't...oh God."

"Yes, you can. Think about me pushing my c**k in that tight pu**y of yours, stretching and filling you," he whispered in her ear, then bit down on the lobe.

Her body bowed, almost bucking him off as she screamed. He joined her then, hot walls clenching at him, scalding him. He slumped over her, vaguely aware of her hands coasting down his back.

Rolling off of her, he took her with him and ran his hand down her side. He couldn't stop touching her. He couldn't get enough of her. Everything about right now was perfect.

She was perfect and warm and soft in his arms. In his bed.

She'd fit perfect in his life. But he couldn't just up and say that. No, that would be too easy. Instead he'd think of something better. Something that would show her he was serious. Telling a woman you loved her was serious business after all, and required the ultimate in dating moves.

"Okay in there?" he asked, kissing her drowsy eyes.

"You've worn me out," she said, her voice shaky sounding to her ears. That had been...she still couldn't think of the right word. Maybe mind-altering or life-changing. Solidifying the fact that she was in love with him. And he'd never return that. Sure, he felt desire for her. Sure, he felt a duty to apologize, because he was a nice guy and that's what nice guys did when they hurt a woman's feelings.

But this...the way he'd held her, kissed her, and had looked at her. This was going to kill her and no amount of flowers or jewelry would bring her back to life.

Then he said the thing that shocked and scared her the most. "I think it's time you took me home to meet Louis. In fact tomorrow would be a great day for it."

"But you already know my dad," she protested.

"Not in this capacity," he disagreed.

"I'm still upset with him, so...I'd rather not." Besides, Louis wouldn't be home. He'd be out spending his newfound riches at the nearest casino.

Carter rubbed her shoulder. "I could give you the mon-"

"No." It was embarrassing enough that he knew Louis had cleaned out her bank account. "Thank you."

"Fine. Then tomorrow you're eating Sunday dinner at my parents' house, but not as Zoe's best friend." Okay make meeting her daddy the second most shocking and scary thing ever.

"I'm pretty sure Zoe won't be mad at me too long for forgiving you," she teased.

"I'm not joking." Grasping her chin, he lifted it and looked her right in the eyes. "You're going as my date and there's no way you getting out it. Hell, I'll make sure we sit together at church tomorrow, and I'm holding your hand during the service, too."

"What about your momma?" she croaked.

"I'm too old to hold her hand."

"What about my daddy?"

"Pretty sure Louis would punch me in the throat if I tried holding his."

She let out a weak laugh, then closed her eyes. "That's not what I meant."

"Let me worry about that." He brushed a kiss on her lips. "Night, Melanie."

"Night, Carter."

Soon he was snoring softly while she stared at the wall. He'd lost his mind. She'd screwed it right out of him. His momma was going to kill her.

Chapter Fifteen

Melanie couldn't go to hell for having erotic thoughts in church could she?

Not only had Carter held her hand as they walked in the sanctuary, he'd also put his arm around her as soon as they sat with his family. Presently, he was lazily gliding his fingers back and forth along the back of her neck.

"Can't wait to get you alone," he whispered in her ear. "That modest little dress of yours is driving me crazy."

Leah Ambrose shot daggers at Melanie with her eyes while her thin lips held an even thinner smile. Melanie pointed at Carter. He was the one doing the talking not her. He was the one making her think of last night...and this morning. He had decided to conserve water by showering with her, which had led to her ridding him like a cowgirl on his shower bench.

Only falling asleep right after take-off on the plane ride home had kept them from joining the Mile-High Club.

She blushed and scooted over a little from Carter. He pulled her right back into place.

Melanie swore she heard Leah growl at her.

It was a good thing Leah had strong objections to violence, but that might not stop Carter's momma from maiming her, or from his ex-who was still in Holland Springs and looking all virginal sitting on the pew wearing white-helping her.

Melanie rolled her eyes and heard Leah gasp. Great. Now Melanie had confirmed what that woman thought of her. She was a pure heathen.

Thankfully, the pastor had everyone close their eyes and bow their heads as he prayed. As soon as he was done, she shot to her feet and tried to high-tail it out of there, but Carter laced his fingers through hers.

"Slow up." He smiled at her. "I want to enjoy this."

"Enjoy your momma and April having un-Christian thoughts about me?"

"Melanie, ignore them," he said, his green eyes gleaming with amusement. "And no, I'm enjoying having the prettiest girl in Holland Springs by my side today."

Her heart did a little flip, didn't stick the landing and fell to her toes. But she tried to play it off as they walked outside. "Are you sweet on me, Carter Ambrose?"

"Nah, I'd rather be in you." He winked.

"We're at church," Melanie gasped, looking around to see if anyone overheard.

Tilting his head to one side, he shook his head. "We're in the parking lot." Opening her door, he helped her inside and shut the door behind her.

"And since someone made us late, we're in overflow parking," he added as he got in and started up the car. "So I can talk as sinful as I want."

He was hopeless. "Good grief," she moaned.

"Keep that up and we'll be late to Sunday dinner." He pushed up the hem of her dress, exposing the thigh highs she'd put on this morning under his very lusty eyes. As soon as they hit Juniper Street, he tugged on the top of her lingerie. "I plan on f**king you tonight while you wear these."

"Carter!"

"Hey," he said with a grin. "I waited until we weren't on holy ground."

"Such a gentleman."

"Do what I can." He slid his hand higher, until it disappeared under her dress. Large fingers brushed her curls. "You're not wearing panties?"

Spreading her thighs a little, she let him get the tip of his finger inside of her. "Isn't that what ladies do?"

"Damn if I know." His finger slid deeper, another joining it. He pulled them out, then shoved them back in.

"Oh God...yes," she said on a groan.

The sound of her arousal filled the interior of the car. She grabbed the door, her hips jumping. Again he pulled his fingers all the way out, but this time, instead of pushing them back inside, filling her where she was empty, he put them to his mouth and sucked the wetness off his skin.

Turning off the main road, he went down a dirt path, until nothing but woods surrounded them. "Get over here," he said, his eyes darkening as he cut off the engine.

"Now," he added when she didn't move right away.

Taking off her seatbelt she scrambled across the bucket seat and into his lap. "Turn around and face the front. Hands at ten and two."

As she obeyed him, he pulled down his zipper and moved her dress out of the way. Another adjustment and he lifted her up, shoving his c**k deep inside of her. "Hell, yes."

She rolled her hips, his hands on her br**sts, pinching her ni**les through the material. "Oh God."

"Damn, but you make me hot," he said, his hands coming to rest on her hips and helping her find a rhythm. "That's it...ride my cock, baby. Love watching you take it." He smacked her bottom. "This ass of yours, always shaking it at me, like I wouldn't notice...think you'll let me f**k you there?"

"Yes," she moaned, her movements frantic now. "Whatever you want."

He thrust so hard inside of her that she could practically taste him. "Trent do that with you?"

"What-no, no one." Trent was the last person she wanted to talk or even think about right now.

"Don't care really," he said, his teeth scraping at her neck. "Just want to be the last one."

"Me, too." If she had her way and wishes came true, then he'd be her last everything. But what a man said during sex and what he actually meant were always two different things.

Always.

He found her swollen clit, his fingers doing things that had sobbing his name and digging her feet into the floor mats. "Come for me, Melanie," he said.

Concentrating on nothing but his hands and cock, she let the pleasure build. "Don't stop, don't stop," she chanted.

His breath was harsh in her ears, the hand on her hip holding her so tight that she knew there'd be bruises later. The belt he'd worn dug into her bottom as he moved beneath her, faster and harder until the entire car creaked with their movements.

"Watch me fill you." Leaning against him, she pulled up her dress and did exactly that. She watched as his c**k disappeared inside of her, hitting her in all the right places. She couldn't stop watching.

He shoved the neckline of her dress down, until her br**sts popped out. The little bit of lace covering them seemed to inflame him further. "Need those in my hands." He tweaked her ni**les, making them ache for more. For his mouth and tongue and teeth. "Rub that swollen clit of yours."

Boldly she touched herself, rubbing and pressing in the exactly the way that would make her come the fastest. "Are...you watching...too?"

"Hell, yes. I don't know where to look," he said, nipped at her shoulder. "Spread your legs wider, I need to be deeper."

Widening her thighs, he went so deep that she jolted at the invasion. "Ugn."

"Perfect...so f**king perfect with you." He tugged on her ni**les, sending a bolt of pleasure and lust right to where she throbbed and ached. To where everything centered.

To where, just like their first kiss, everything was him. All she breathed, tasted and wanted was Carter. The first sparks of her orgasm made her shake and tremble.

"Come for me." Then he bit her neck and she came so hard that she screamed and saw stars. Another thrust, then a second and a third, and he joined her, groaning against her back.

When they had both fallen back to earth, he helped her clean up between kisses. His touch was so gentle that she wanted to cry.

"What am I going to do with you?" he asked softly. He brushed a strand of hair out of her face and kissed her cheek.

Love me, she wanted to say. Just love me. Instead she lowered her forehead to his chin and said, "You have to tell your momma why we're late."

Chapter Sixteen

"I swear, we almost started without the two of you," Leah said as Melanie and Carter walked in.

"Sorry, Ms. Leah," Melanie said, gripping his hand so tight that it almost hurt.

"We had a little car trouble, momma," Carter said, leaning in to kiss Leah's cheek. Yeah, that should work. Especially since his mother classified any car not made in the last five years as old.

April narrow her blue eyes at him. "Thought all of Chase's cars were in great shape."

Guess it wouldn't be too gentlemanly of him to say something along the lines of 'You should know since you f**ked Chase in all of them'? "Is that your professional opinion?"

Melanie loosened her fingers from his grip and walked to the next room. He almost went after her, until he heard her speaking in low tones to Zoe.

Leah passed him the plate of roast beef. "Set this on the table."

"Yes ma'am." He moved to the dining room and set it in the middle of the table. Turning to head back into the kitchen he almost smacked into April.

"Offer still stands, Carter," she said.

"Still not interested." He side-stepped her and moved into the kitchen. "Anything else I need to carry in there."

"Key Lime pie." Leah handed him the pie plate and pie cutter.

"But the only person who likes this is Melanie," he said, his brow furrowing. He hated the taste of lime, unless it was in the neck of a Corona. Or on Melanie's tongue. He smiled.

Leah raised her cobalt blue eyes, studying him. Heat rose up his neck and he pulled at the collar of his shirt. "And your point?" she asked, then she passed him a plate of blueberry cobbler. April's favorite. Was this to show him how compatible he and April were because their taste buds were similar? Color him confused as hell. "Set this on the hutch, please."

Once he set the desserts on the hutch, everyone seemed to file in the dining room at the same time, even his aunt and uncle were there. Although, they weren't looking too happy about being seated by one another.

"Where's everyone else?" Carter ticked his chin up at Melanie and pulled out a chair for her. A sweet smile lit up her face and she started forward.

"Baseball practice and job obligations, bless their hearts." Leah cleared her throat. "I thought it might be fun to have place cards at the table."

"Yippee," his baby sister Evangeline said, twisting her fingers in the necklace at her throat.

"Why would you think that?" Lawton asked, making his wife smile wider. Oh yeah, his dad was in for it now. That smile had been known to make grown men quiver in their boots.

"Because April suggested it." Leah held one up. "She handmade each one. Don't you think they're pretty, Raylene?"

"Gorgeous." Carter's aunt glanced at Leah, then at the table. "Looks like I'll be sitting between my favorite nieces." She cast her gaze at April. "Did you decide where everyone will be?"

April smiled like the Cheshire cat. "I did." Suddenly she gasped and a little frown marred her forehead. "I forgot about you, Missy."

"It's Melanie." Carter could have sworn he heard Melanie's teeth grind together.

"Sorry, Miranda." April gestured to the kitchen. "You can always sit at the kids' table."

"We don't have a kids' table," Zoe snapped, then turned to Melanie. "You can sit beside me."

"She's sitting with me," Carter said, putting his arm around Melanie's shoulder.

"Enough drama." Leah threw her hands up in the air. "Sit."

Silence descended upon the room as everyone found a seat and began to pass around plates of food.

"Raylene!"

"What in the-" Carter's dad stood, moving to the window and parting the lacey curtains. "Oh good Lord...I'm eating in the other room." Lawton picked up his plate, silverware and drink and left the dining room.

"Raylene! It's me, Louis."

All eyes turned to Carter's aunt. Her fork was frozen in the air, halfway to her mouth. Then those same pairs of eyes found Melanie.

"Didn't you pay the man?" John asked.

Melanie inwardly cringed. Please make him go away, she prayed, or at least make Carter's Uncle John keep believing that was exactly why her daddy was here.

"I know you're in there, sugar," Louis shouted. "Don't take him back. I know we had words but I didn't mean it. C'mon and give me another chance."

"Another what?" John asked, his face turning dark.

"Oh, God," Melanie whispered, looking down at her plate. Her face had to be red as a firecracker.

"I'm leaving you, John," Raylene announced, placing her fork on the table.

"For him?" John jerked his thumb at the window.

Raylene slowly rose to her feet. "I'm not happy here, John. Not with you or him." She took a deep breath. "I want out of this marriage and this town."

"Raylene," Louis shouted again, and Carter's aunt shook her head, stomping out of the room. John followed her, the door slamming behind him.

"Roast anyone?" Leah asked, a bright smile on her face.

"No, thank you," everyone seemed to say at once.

Carter's mother stood. "I need to get...well, something."

"I'll come with you, Mrs. Ambrose." April hurried after her.

Oh goody, Melanie thought with a grim smile. Now the two of them would spend the next thirty minutes talking about her and her daddy, with lots of bless their hearts thrown in.

"I'll go check on Dad."

"Me, too."

As soon as his sisters were out of sight, Carter turned to Melanie. "You knew about this?" Carter asked, his tone more than accusing. He sounded down-right pissed.

She nodded.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't think it was anyone's business." And she'd been ashamed as hell.

He threw his napkin down. "Your dad is messing around with my aunt, my married aunt, and somehow that's not anyone in this room's business?" Leaning back in his chair, his jaw worked.

"What was I supposed to say? Pass me the gravy and oh by the way, my dad's been sleeping with your married aunt. Besides, he didn't mess around with Raylene all by his lonesome. From what I understand she's a willing partner in all this," Melanie snapped. She hated this, hated defending her dad. Especially to Carter of all people.

"You shouldn't have lied to me."

"I didn't lie to you," she said, smacking her hand on the table. "I didn't tell you."

"Lie by omission is still a lie," he reminded her. "It's the one thing I'd thought you'd never do to me. Ever. That's a deal breaker for me, Melanie, and you know it."

Melanie choked back a sob of fury and helplessness, wishing she was anywhere but here. Wishing she hadn't gone with him to Charlotte, wishing she'd never tried to make Carter see her as anything but his sister's pain the ass best friend.

At least if she had, then she would always wonder what would happen between them, instead of knowing for sure. And for sure, this was it for them.

"How could you help break up a marriage, Melanie?" April cried as she walked back in the dining room, with Leah hot on her heels.

Now that witch got her name right? "I give up; you tell me how I helped," Melanie snapped.

"Wasn't it enough that you're keeping the father of my child from marrying me?" Melanie noticed how silent Carter stayed. How he didn't say a dang thing while April kept running her mouth. His silence was damning.

Leah let out a gasp, dramatic as usual, but this time Melanie couldn't blame her. "Carter Mason Ambrose, how could you keep this from me?"

"Because it's not true."

"He speaks," Melanie muttered, crossing her arms over her chest. "What other magic trick can you perform?"

Carter gave her a look, then turned his attention back to the two women staring at her accusingly.

Leah looked from April to Carter, the back at April. "So you're not pregnant?"

"Oh, she's pregnant alright but it's not his," Melanie said. No way in hell she let that poor excuse of a woman try to pin anything on her or Carter. No matter how mad she was at him right at this moment.

Tears filled April's eyes and Melanie struggled not to roll hers. The woman was a better actress than the one who'd won an Oscar last year. "You actually believed him?"April asked on a sob.

Melanie blinked. "Why wouldn't I?"

"Tell her the truth, Carter," April demanded.

Carter looked at Melanie. Anger made his eyes dark, almost black in the light. She wasn't sure if his anger was only directed at her or at the two women who had lied to him. "She's pregnant and I'm not the father."

A little high-pitched sob left April's mouth. "Why would you lie?"

"Dear Lord, I need to call a prayer circle." Leah placed a hand on her forehead. "Come get me when y'all figure out if I'm going to be a grandmother or not," she called over her shoulder.

Miraculously, April's tears dried up and she smirked. "Think that was fun? Just wait until the press finds out."

"There's these things called paternity tests," Carter said, leaning forward. "I'm completely willing to take about a hundred of them."

"Maybe so, but in the meantime..." April drew little circles on the tablecloth. "Sure will be hard living in Charlotte with all this hovering over you. Can't imagine many of daddy's friends will give you much business in the meantime."

"The success of my business doesn't depend on your daddy's friends," Carter said, his jaw clenched. "Do you really think I'll be hanging out with your friends in Charlotte? Give me a break."

April huffed and flounced away.

"You've decided to move to Charlotte?"Melanie asked, her heart racing. Carter really was leaving and without her. Not that she'd thought he take her with him. She'd actually had thought he might stay here, because of her.

Dark green eyes swung back to her. "I-"

"How did she know and not me?"

"April must have overheard my conversation with Jake on Friday night."

Melanie's eyes widened. "She followed us to Charlotte?"

"Apparently, but she does live there. I'd planned on talking to you about that Saturday night, but we got a little sidetracked." He drilled his fingers on the table. "Now the cat's out of the bag, I-"

"That's great news. I know you've missed it. And your friends. Holland Springs can't compare, I bet. That's just great." Oh God, now she sounded like a rambling fool, but she couldn't stop herself. "Charlotte will be great for you and your business." Could she stop saying everything was great, because it wasn't and someone had taken her fork so she couldn't stab herself in the hand. Everything was horrible and heart-breaking, and everything she knew it would be.

Confusion filled his sexy eyes. "It will?"

She shot to her feet, overturning her chair. "I need to go home." Could this get more humiliating? Bending down to right it, Carter stopped her with a hand on her elbow.

"I'll get it," he said, picking up the chair and sliding it under the table.

Moving to the window, she wavered between looking out of it and escaping through it. Only April seeing her leave so undignified made her keep her feet firmly in the dining room.

Carter joined her. "Let's go for a ride, clear our heads and-"

"No," she said as tears gathered in her throat. "I'll ride with my dad, assuming he's fit to drive. If not, I'll drive." She would be good at it, too, because Carter had been the one to help learn to drive stick again. Another slice to the heart.

Pressing a kiss to her forehead, he bent his knees a bit to look her in the eyes. "Guess tonight wouldn't be the best night to come by, with your dad and all. How about tomorrow?"

There was no reason at all to string this along. He only wanted to do the right thing by letting her down gently. Look at what April had said and done, and not one time had he embarrassed his ex or even called her names. He never resorted to that, only stuck with the truth of the situation and let it speak for him.

God, he was so perfect for her, for any woman that longed for a real man.

"No, I'll be busy," she whispered.

A grin kicked up the corners of his mouth. "Jack needs his best waitress, huh?"

"No, Carter." She glanced away, her shoulders beginning to shake. "I think it's best if you don't come by at all. Ever."

His arms came around her then. "Don't do this, Melanie."

"There's no this, no us." She shrugged out of his hold. "Never was."

"So that's it?" He clenched his hands at his side. "After this weekend, after-"

"What did you expect?"she asked, then took a deep breath. "I'm not the kind of girl that gets taken home to meet the parents." Even though Carter had done exactly that. "Girls like me get taken to bars, the beach and occasionally a chain restaurant for a special dinner. Girls like me never get Prince Charming, because his car never ever stops at the town's trailer park." Even though Carter had come to her house more times than she could count. "He never comes to where we work and sweeps us off of our feet like in that Richard Gere movie. But our dumbasses keep waiting for him to show up anyway."

"Besides, you said my lie by omission was a deal breaker for you," she added.

For long minutes, it seemed, he stared at her, like she'd grown another head. "You're right."

Her mouth dropped open. "I am?"

"Yet at the same time, so completely wrong." He turned away from her, hands clenching into tight fists. There was a tic in his jaw. "Go home Melanie. I'll text you later this week-maybe you'll be in a better frame of mind and willing to listen to me."

She stared at him. At his strong back and broad shoulders. At his clothes that cost more than what she made in tips in a month. Then she took a good look at his parents' house, the house he'd grown up in. Everything belonged to them. No one would be banging on their door in the middle of the night, evicting them. It personified security.

It screamed for her to get out. They were from two very different worlds and no matter how many times their paths crossed, it wouldn't change things.

Her little impromptu speech had made sure of it. She'd accused him of being some hypocritical, rich frat-boy type who, when he had nothing better to do, slummed with her while no one was looking.

"Good bye, Carter," she said, walking out of the dining room and to the front door. She passed April and Leah along the way, huddled in the family room and whispering.

Zoe intercepted her at the door, green eyes so like her brother's. A fresh wave of tears threatened to fall. "Where are you going?"

Back to where she belonged. "Home."

"Why?" Zoe asked and Melanie knew her best friend wouldn't stop until she got an answer that made sense. Only problem: Nothing made sense to Melanie.

Not anymore.

"I can't stay here. Carter's moving to Charlotte for good. Oh but he'll visit for holidays." Melanie wiped under her eye with a knuckle. "Who knows when you'll move again, too?"

"Never again. Memaw's old house needs so much work, and I don't know where to start," Zoe said, her eyes watery. "Besides, I can't leave you. You're my best friend."

Melanie hugged her tight. Sniffing, Melanie let go of Zoe and put her hand on the door knob. She could hear her dad pleading with Raylene to talk to him. "I think I'm going to take my Aunt Bethany up on her offer to come work for her at the Crab Shack. Just last week, she said it wasn't healthy for me to keep living with Louis, that I needed to spread my wings and maybe even try for college again."

"Two hours isn't that far away," Zoe said with a sad smile, then her expression turned fierce. "But I'm still going to give my jerk of a brother a piece of my mind."

Trust her best friend to take her side, no matter what. "Don't go too hard on him. I'm the one who ended whatever it was we had."

Zoe blinked. "Why would you do that?"

"Because..." Carter appeared in her line of vision and she swallowed. "I really need to go. Text me later, okay?"

Glancing over her shoulder, a knowing look covered Zoe's face as she turned back. "Got it. Let me know if you need anything."

"I will," Melanie promised, panic setting in as Carter began to walk their way. She wrenched open the door and flew outside, stopping by her dad. "It's time to leave, Louis."

"Not until Raylene talks to me," he said, dropping to his knees beside the car that Raylene currently occupied with her husband. Louis' truck was parked in the way, making it impossible for them to back out.

White hot fury rose inside of Melanie, roaring like a tornado about to do major damage to everything in its path. She grabbed Louis by the arm, pulling him up. "You're making a scene and embarrassing yourself."

"No I'm not. I'm a man in love, fighting for my woman." Oh my God, her dad was drunk off his ass. Looking around she saw Carter standing on the porch, his arms crossed as he stared at them. Fury gave way to mortification. Her body ran hot then cold and back to boiling as her cheeks heated.

"I've had about all I can take today," she said, her voice not as firm as she wanted it to be. "Please."

That seemed to wake Louis up. He blinked and ran a hand through his wild hair. "Sorry, sugar." He held out his hand. For a moment, she looked at it. Louis had stolen from her and his choices made her cringe and want to hide, but he was still her daddy. And he'd always taken care of her the best way he knew how.

She took his hand and squeezed, smiling up at him.

"Ready to go home, hummingbird?" he asked.

"Yep, I'll drive."

Louis stumbled. "You can drive stick again?"

"Carter taught me how."

Her dad grunted. "Isn't that something?" She had thought so. Still did if she was being honest.

Together they walked to his truck and got in. As she drove down the long dirt road, Melanie couldn't help but feel that she'd left of piece of her heart behind.

Who was she kidding? She'd given Carter her whole heart years ago.

Chapter Seventeen

For a long time, Carter stood on the front porch, staring after tail lights that he could no longer see.

She'd left him, not even given him time to explain. Yes, he'd been mad, but mostly at the morons for screwing up a marriage and bringing everyone else into their misery. The rest of his fury had been divided between her not trusting him with the truth and him not being trustworthy enough for her to confide in.

April Billingsworth didn't deserve to have an emotional response from him. Or a conversational one. She sure as hell didn't deserve to be in the same room, breathing the same air as Melanie either. But honestly, if he said all that, he'd only look like a jerk. Besides, Melanie could take care of herself, with that sassy mouth of hers.

A sassy mouth that he wasn't too sure would be kissing him anytime soon.

"Coming inside?" Zoe asked from the doorway.

Hell, no. "Not while April's still here," he said.

Zoe grinned, all mischievous and knowing. There was the sister he'd missed seeing. "I think she's worn out her welcome."

"The only woman who's ever measured up to our mother's standard-fat chance of that happening."

"Yeah, well, you didn't hear the little talk momma had with April." Zoe laughed. "It wasn't pretty at all."

"She's not upset at the lack of a grandchild?" He did not relish the thought of having that kind of talk with his mother.

"She's more upset at being taken advantage of by April," Zoe said. "But momma said would pray for April-bless her lying heart."

Suddenly, the door opened and April came storming out, suitcase in hand and cursing a mile a minute. Not bothering to say good-bye to him (which suited Carter just fine) or Zoe, she got in her BMW and squalled tires.

"Oh man, I didn't get to do the obligatory 'Y'all come back now'." He thumped his chest with his fist. "Hurts so bad."

His sister snorted, then joined him at the porch railing and leaned against his shoulder. "So..."

"So," he echoed, waiting for her to bless him out.

"You're an asshat, Carter."

"That I am," he agreed.

"And you need to go after Melanie, but not right now. Give her time-"

"Told her I'd be texting her later this week."

Zoe sighed. "Please don't say that you also told her she needed to be in a better frame of mind and willing to actually listen to you?"

Ears growing hot, he gripped the railing. "My lips are sealed."

"Good Lord, Carter. How could you?"

"You were there when I said that my mouth gets in gear before my brain does." He sliced his hands through the air. "But I actually thought I was being nice and for lack of a better word, thoughtful."

She slapped a hand over her eyes. "How can men be so clueless when it comes to a woman's heart?"

"If I had Melanie's heart, I'd treat it like the treasure it is."

"Now that was poetic." Turning to face his sister, he was surprised to see tears in her eyes. "Quick. Write it down before you forget it. She needs to hear that from you."

He tapped his head. "Don't need to." But it wasn't in his brain. The words were written on his heart, signed and ready to be delivered to Melanie.

Of course, whether or not she threw it out with the junk mail was a whole other matter.

***

Carter followed his sister inside, stopping in the kitchen while she went upstairs. His dad stood at the sink, rinsing dishes and placing them in the dishwasher.

Sidling up to him, Carter said, "You rinse and I'll load."

Wordlessly, Lawton began handing Carter dishes. They worked in companionable silence, lapsing into a familiar rhythm that gave Carter much needed breathing time. And thinking time.

"Is this going to be a usual Sunday event?" his dad asked, drying his hands.

Carter grunted, then closed the dishwasher. "I hope to God it's not."

"Meant this, not what happened earlier." Lawton leaned against the counter, arms crossing over his chest. "You haven't been around much lately."

"Yeah, well, some of the houseguests you've been having lately-"

"Way before then," his dad said. "Look, it's a good thing that you're your own man, making your own decisions, and I'm mighty proud of you." Carter braced for the 'but'. There always was one after any kind of compliment Lawton doled out. It gave balance and didn't let any of them get too big for their britches, his dad would say. "Sometimes you need to remember who's on the receiving end. Your momma's not perfect but she means well...and there's no changing her."

"Melanie deserved better from you, son. She's part of our family and you ought not have let her leave like that," he added.

Carter felt the dressing-down clear to his toes. It was rare that his dad had an opinion about anyone's relationship. But what could Carter say? He couldn't defend himself from the truth.

Lawton moved past Carter, patting him on the back. "Let's go watch some football."

Now for that, Carter had the perfect response. "Yes, sir."

***

"All packed up?" Louis asked as Melanie zipped her suitcase.

Taking a deep breath, she looked around the room, then smiled at her dad. Things weren't completely resolved between them, but Louis was Louis. What else could she do, besides finally move out. "Yep."

Her dad didn't move from the doorway. "It's going to be awfully quiet without you here."

"You'll be fine, daddy." Smiling became downright hard to do. "I bet Mrs. Gregory comes over this afternoon with a lemon pie."

"God save me," he muttered, then moved to her bed and picked up the suitcase that had belonged to her mother. "This all you're taking?" He motioned to the bed and her large duffle bag.

"Nothing else belongs to me." Not the dresser, the bed or the nightstand. The mattress had been new, twenty year ago, but her aunt had a bedroom for her. She sighed. All she was doing was trading one rented room for another, but at least Aunt Bethany wouldn't kick her out.

Louis thrust out his hand. "This is what I owe you. I shouldn't have taken it, stolen it, really, from you."

Only her daddy would walk around with almost five thousand dollars in hundreds in his pocket. "I can't," she said, closing his fingers over the roll of cash. "You might need it." Besides, her dream of owning the house on Persimmon Lane had been completely destroyed, with her daddy's actions and Carter moving away. She didn't want the memories of taking him there, of baring that part of her soul to him.

Moving to Palm Beach would give her the fresh start she needed. Plus, she'd made an appointment with one of the course advisors at local community college. Something that she was equal parts nervous and excited about doing.

"Thanks, sugar." He tucked the money into his side pocket just as her cell phone rang. A quick glance told her that it was Carter-again. She frowned and chucked the thing into her purse. "Not easy to leave the one you love."

"Easier than finding out they don't love you," she said. "Sorry things didn't work out with Raylene."

Her dad chuckled. "You're a terrible liar, Melanie Ann." He walked with her to the living room. "It was for the best though."

"I know you don't want to hear it, but think about finding a nice, single woman, like LeeAnne Parks." She opened the door and followed her dad outside. "Less drama."

"I'll think on it." But she knew he wouldn't it. He'd keep doing what he always did: Gambling and chasing married women. Popping open the trunk of her car, he placed her suitcase inside and closed it.

She hugged her dad one last time, threw her duffle bag in the backseat and got in the car. The last thing she saw in her watery vision was Louis staring after her, his body all dejected. No way she could leave him looking like that.

Slamming on the breaks, Melanie rolled down the window. "I'll be okay," she shouted, and he gave her a thumbs up and a smile. "I'll be okay," she said again to her reflection in the rear view. "I'll be okay."

Only she wasn't sure who she was trying to convince more: Her dad or herself.

***

Melanie blinked at the acceptance letter from Coast Community College. She'd gotten in and would be able to take Introduction to Photography as soon as the second part of the spring semester started.

"Well?" Zoe said, sitting on Melanie's bed. "Are we celebrating or drowning our sorrows tonight?"

Biting her lip, Melanie glanced up at Zoe. "Guess."

"Celebrating," he best friend said in a voice filled with such confidence that it made Melanie thank God she'd ended up in Holland Springs as a little girl.

Letting out a whoop, Melanie jumped on the bed. "Ding, ding, ding. And for your correct answer, you get a night out with me! Complete with dinner and a movie. I was thinking the newest Ian Romanov flick." She fanned herself. "That man is so verra, verra hot."

Zoe shrugged. "He's okay, I guess, if you like that sort of thing."

"We've been over this before, you're allowed to look at other men while dating one. Lust is a perfectly healthy emotion." Melanie dropped to her knees and stared at her best friend. At Zoe wouldn't meet her gaze and she sighed. "You're right...it's highly illogical to lust after men that don't exist in our universe. I mean it's not like we'd ever meet Ian Romanov and he'd fall madly in love with us."

Zoe remained silent, her dark eyes downcast as she traced a pattern on the comforter. "A guy like him fall in love with m-us?" She snorted softly. "Different woman each week."

Rolling on her back, Melanie stared up at the ceiling. "Please, I'm a certified catch and so are you. Even if you're already caught."

"Men are stupid, and so are we for loving them," Zoe said sharply, completely unlike her usual bubbly and go-with-the-flow self. Joining her on the bed, Zoe grasped Melanie's hand and they stayed like that for a long time, just lying on their backs and staring at the ceiling while saying nothing.

"You're not talking about Gabriel, are you?" Melanie asked softly. It dawned on her how much she didn't know about Zoe's time in California.

Zoe sniffed. "No."

"Someone you met in Los Angeles?"

They turned to face each other at the same time, Zoe's eyes were filled with tears. She nodded, her lower lip trembling. Melanie sighed and tucked a thick lock of hair behind her best friend's ear. Zoe had been listening to her mope for weeks now, years really, about Carter, and not once had she heard her best friend complain about men in return. Well, nothing beyond, the typical stuff that women usually griped about. But this, this felt more than the usual complaints.

"Did you go fall in love with some no-good wanna be actor, honey?"Melanie asked.

Zoe gave a little shrug. "Maybe." There was so much meaning behind that maybe. So much her best friend was and wasn't saying, and it broke Melanie's heart.

"Need to talk to about it?"

Another shake of the head and Zoe squeezed her hand tight. "I'm fine. It's fine. I'll be okay."

I'll be okay. The words echoed in her ears. Exactly what she had told her Louis and herself as she left Holland Springs. Melanie closed her eyes, then opened them. "I hope that sorry son of a bitch's dick drops off and he never becomes famous. That he has to be a waiter forever, serving really snotty people that leave really shitty tips."

"Oh My God, Mel." Zoe snorted, then sniffed and giggled. "You have the foulest mouth sometimes, and I love you for it."

Melanie grinned. "How about we stay in?"

"And watch Persuading My Lady. Ian Romanov's character dies in it. I brought it with me, just in case."

"I thought that movie was your favorite because of the dancing and all the nice manners," Melanie asked, cocking her head to one side. "The costumes, and the bowing and curtsying to Lord and Lady Pompous Pants."

An unholy light gleamed in Zoe's eyes. "All that and the rake gets his, so..."

"Well, I'm all for the rake getting his." Melanie hopped off the bed and fished the DVD out of her bag. She cracked open the case and popped in the movie, turning on the television. "Plus, the rake is very easy on the eyes and the love scenes-"Melanie fanned herself with the empty case, then flung it on her dresser. "Oooh, la, la, Ian Romanov. Bet his co-star was one happy girl."

"I heard he's horrible in bed and has halitosis," Zoe said primly.

Melanie gave her a blank look. "Hali-what?"

"Bad breath-I thought you moonlighted as a dental assistant while I was gone. And he's a horrible kisser, or so the gossip goes."

One of the many things she loved about her best friend, Zoe never dumbed things down for her-unless she asked. She just assumed Melanie knew what she was talking about. "Dental office assistant. Anyway, I think the gossip you heard is wrong." The actor appeared on screen and they both sighed in appreciation. "Just look at him!"

Zoe muttered something, and Melanie tore her eyes away from the screen. "Sorry, got all distracted by the mancandy."

"I said I'm going to pop some popcorn." As Zoe left Melanie's room, she couldn't help but think her friend was lying, because she could have sworn her friend had said, "He kisses like a dream come true."

Melanie turned her attention back to the movie, studying the man on screen. "No way," she whispered. Zoe would never keep a secret about something like that. Like him. If her best friend had fallen in love, with someone who wasn't Gabriel, she wouldn't have settled on coming back here and getting engaged.

Right?

Because if a woman like Zoe, someone who was educated, smart and from a good family, couldn't have what she really wanted, then there was no hope for a woman like Melanie.

She plopped down on the bed and scowled at the sexy grin lighting up her television. Zoe was right. "Men are stupid," Melanie said. And sometimes, so were the women who loved them.

God, she missed Carter. But it was for the best that she didn't answer his calls or texts. He had his plans that didn't include her. And it was way past time for her to have plans that didn't include her dad or any man. She had to start living for herself and her dreams.

All she had to do was fight the loneliness and heartache that seemed to nip at her dreams.

Chapter Eighteen

"Man, you're in a foul mood," Beau said after Carter had stripped yet another bolt and had taken it out on him. "Miss Melanie cut you off for good or something?"

Carter clenched his jaw and threw the wrench into his tool box instead of his employee's face. "Want to try that again?"

"Anything else I can do, Mr. Ambrose?" Beau wiped his hands with a rag.

Yeah, Beau could tell Melanie to come by here and pick up her last paycheck. She'd probably listen to that poor, sweet, misunderstood boy. Then Carter could get some face time with her. "It's almost time to knock off for the day. You clean up and I'll get your paycheck."

"Sweet!"

"Must be nice to be so damn excited about the weekend."

Beau gave him a pitying look."Guess once a guy hits twenty-one, it's all downhill from there, huh?"

"Nah, it's way before then," Carter said, keeping a straight face as Beau's drained of color. "More like eighteen."

"But I'm turning eighteen this summer."

"I know," Carter said with a smile. He strode to his office. Little touches of Melanie were everywhere. She'd hung a string of hearts along the outer-edge of her desk. A vase of roses sat by the coffee maker. He couldn't step two feet without smelling her. Sitting down in his chair, he pressed his fingers to his temples, then printed out Beau's check.

Damn, he missed her. Pulling out his phone, he hesitated over the keyboard.

Found a new game. Wanna kick my ass?

Two minutes and no answer later, he yanked open a desk drawer and chunked his phone inside. Apparently, she didn't miss him.

He grabbed Beau's check off the printer and signed it.

A black truck pulled up to his garage and he stood, moving to the window, the check still in his hand. He frowned. What was he doing here? The moving truck wasn't scheduled to pick up Chase's Mustang until next week.

Chase Montgomery got out of his truck and strode toward the garage, a look of determination on his face. Before Carter could turn, Beau had gotten in Chase's face and shoved the guy.

"Oh shit," Carter muttered before shoving the check in his pocket and racing outside. "Beau!"

"What are you? Some kind of stalker?" Beau sneered. "Like I told you before: I don't want your f**king money or your daddy's."

"You might not want it, but you're going to need it," Chase said, standing firmly in place, but he made no move to stop Beau or retaliate. "It belongs to you." To everyone who didn't know him, Chase looked cool and collected, but to those who had raced against him-that measured tone meant one thing: He was pissed as hell and holding on to his temper by a thread.

"Give it to charity."

Chase cocked an eyebrow. "That's what I'm trying to do."

"Fuck you, Montgomery." Beau charged, fists raised. Carter grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, ripping it, then somehow managed to get his arms around the kid.

"Cut it out," Carter growled in Beau's ear.

Beau struggled against him, panting. "No."

"You want to go to jail for assault?" Carter said, keeping one eye on Chase. The man had crossed his arms in front of his chest and for all the world looked bored. Bored. "And you-want to tell me why this kid wants to pound you into the ground?"

"Always thought you were more beauty than brains, Ambrose." Chase smirked. "Guess I was right."

Maybe he should let go of Beau and let the kid kick Chase's ass. It would be Chase's word against theirs, and Carter had the hometown advantage. "That cryptic shit might work on women, but it doesn't on me."

"We're brothers."

"Excuse me?"

"Half-brothers," Beau muttered.

Carter looked from Chase, then at Beau. But for the kid's lip ring, their faces was nearly identical. "I'll be damned." Same color eyes and he'd bet that green dye covered up dark blonde. "Same dad or mom?"

"His dad cheated with my mom while she was on leave from Afghanistan. Lying bastard didn't bother to tell her his real name or that he was married. Didn't bother coming to her funeral either." Beau wrenched out of Carter's grip and stalked inside the garage, calling over his shoulder, "Stay the hell away from me."

Carter swiped a hand over his face. "So what's your version?"

Grey eyes turned hard in direct contrast to the casual shrug of shoulders. "You know Remington."

Yeah, Carter knew all about Chase's dad. He was a womanzing son of a bitch that humiliated his wife daily, and publicly announced that Chase would never be one of the greats."Beau thinks you're just like him."

Chase's brows lifted. "He's not too far off in his assessment."

"Remington wouldn't be here, and not to be real obvious, but he's not and you are." Carter gave him an appraising glance. "You never struck me as the messenger boy type." Quasi-buddy or not, old rivalries died hard and any chance Carter could get in a dig, he would. "But like you said, I'm more beauty than brains."

His quasi-buddy's lips thinned and he let his arms fall. "Speaking of people not here-where's your girl?"

That was a damn good question, and one Carter wanted an answer. But no one seemed inclined to share it with him, not even Zoe. "What do you need with Beau?"

"Doesn't concern you." Chase's eyes shifted to a spot over Carter's shoulder, right where the garage opened and Beau cleaned. "It's between us."

Carter took three steps, standing toe to toe with Chase. "Leave the kid alone."

"Not happening." Chase kept his eyes on Beau. "He's going to accept what's owed him, whether he likes it or not."

"How's that strategy been working for you so far?" Instead of answering, Chase pivoted and headed to his truck. "Why don't you try talking to Beau, instead of shoving what's owed to him down his throat?" Carter asked.

Chase gave him a one-fingered salute as he opened the door. "Later, Ambrose."

Carter shook his head, a small smile playing on his mouth. "Later."

"By the way..."-Chase paused, halfway inside his truck-"April and I hooked up before the two of you got together. She never cheated on you, not that I know about." Then Chase climbed inside, shutting the door and starting up his vehicle.

It really didn't matter to Carter what April might or might not have done, but he appreciated the information. He turned, slowly walking back to the garage. Beau was sweeping the floor, his mouth flat and his brow pinched. Bright green hair stuck out everywhere. Every now and then he'd suck that god-awful lip ring into his mouth. Must run in the family, because Chase had a pierced tongue.

Whatever floated people's boats, he guessed.

Carter dug the check out of his pocket. "Here's your check."

Beau stopped sweeping long enough to glance at him, grab the check and shove it in his back pocket. "Thanks." He strode to the right side of the garage and hung the broom on a hook, zipped up his jacket and pulled the hood over his head.

"Have a good weekend."

Beau spun around. "You're not going to tell me I'm wrong?"

"About what?"

"Taking that ass**le's money."

Carter blew out a breath. "Look, kid, you have to do what's right for you."

"Uncle Stanley says I should take it, because without it, I'll be stuck here my entire life."

"It's not so bad in Holland Springs."

Beau snorted. "Then why are you so hell-bent on getting out?"

"I'm not." Beau shot him a look of disbelief. "Okay, I was, but now I'm not...and I like my hometown. But I also think your uncle's right. There are a lot of people around here that have never been anywhere." People like Melanie who had a damn trip jar. His gut clenched. "People who would give anything for the money and the opportunity."

Beau shook his head, his grey eyes clouded. "It's not just the money. Remington wants me to come live with them in Forestville. I don't want to switch schools in the middle of the year again. But I can't live with Uncle Stanley and his family forever, you know? We had to move because he lost his job, and the one he has now pays a lot less. There are four other kids besides me and we all live in a three bedroom singlewide." He rubbed the heel of his hand on his forehead. "I hate this. I hate him."

"When I was little and my mom was still alive, Remington used to come around and give me all this NASCAR stuff. It's his fault I love racing," Beau added, as if admitting some deep dark secret.

"He bought your Sprint car?" Carter asked. Remington had made Chase buy his vehicles, had bragged all the time about making his son to start on the bottom rung in his company.

Beau shook his head. "Traded my mom's old Firebird for it. Guy wasn't interested in racing anymore."

The school bus dropped Beau off every afternoon and his uncle picked him up once he got off work. Carter chuckled. "Guess not having a ride makes dating tough."

"Not for me. Girls pick me up," Beau said with an expression that made him look like Chase's twin. "Sometimes I even let them pay-equal rights and all."

"That's a pu**y move and you know it." Carter crossed his arms. "If you can't afford to pay or pick them up, you need to keep your ass at home until you can." Jesus Christ, someone needed to school this kid on how to treat women. Or girls. Whatever.

Beau rolled his eyes. "Dude, I was yanking your chain. I always pay and I borrow Uncle Stanley's truck. My mother raised me right."

"You need your own ride."

"Maybe if my boss paid me a little more, I could afford one." Carter pretended to lunge for his employee and he ducked out of the way.

Laughing, Carter said, "You're a little shit, you know that?"

"Ladies love it." Beau smirked, then his shoulders and that cocky grin dropped. "Carter...I can't take his money. I just can't."

"Taking his money doesn't mean you have to start going to Olan Mills for family portraits, or even family dinners after church."

"Yeah, but living with him might." A ghost of smile flickered on Beau's face. "Seriously, what would you do?"

Carter looked off into the distance, allowing his eyes to focus on the parking lot that was missing her car. "I'd figured out what I wanted most in this life, and start down the path that would lead me to it."

***

Carter stood outside of Melanie's house in the pouring rain, but he didn't give a damn. For two f**king weeks, he'd given her space. For two f**king weeks, he'd only texted her when necessary, like when he couldn't find a file he needed. Or when he had wondered if he should get a Twitter account.

Unfortunately, communication with that stubborn ass woman had only progressed to her answering him via his sister.

At least he knew she was reading his texts. Yeah, that made it so much better.

"What the hell do you want, boy?" Louis growled as he opened the door.

Carter shielded his eyes from the porch light. "Where is she?"

Louis leaned against the doorframe. The television hummed in the background and blue flickering lights were the only illumination in the place. "Like I said the other day, Melanie's not here."

"I heard you the first time." Carter swiped a hand over his face. "Look, I don't know what Melanie told you about me and her, but-"

"Son, you'd better carry your ass, before I put my size twelve boot up it." Louis stepped down. "Mrs. Gregory told me about that fancy car of yours being here all night long."

"I respect your daughter, sir. And I respect your right to kick my ass, but I'm not going until I find out where she is," Carter said, lifting his chin and bracing for the first punch.

"You're not going to find out a damn thing from me." Another step down and now the rain fell on Louis. "I know your kind. Take a girl out, sweet talk her, let her drive you car and then knock her up before you leave her high and dry. Only my girl was too smart for you."

She was also stubborn as hell, too. But Carter didn't figure Louis wanted his opinion on the matter. "I get it. Someone took advantage of your cousin or sister or some female relative and I'm real sorry about that. But-"

Louis shoved him, the strong smell of Jack Daniels invading Carter's senses. "Not some relative. It was Bobbie Ann and I'm not going to let it happen to her daughter."

"What do you mean Bobbie Ann's daughter?"

"Melanie ain't mine, not by blood anyway." Louis swayed to one side. "But I made a promise to look after her. So I did."

All this time, people, including Carter, had thought Louis was a no good, shifty loser that couldn't commit to a radio station. "Does she know?"

"'Course she does. I don't keep secrets from her."

Well, she sure as hell had kept it from him. Although it really wasn't anyone's business, including his. Especially his. But he wanted it to be. He wanted every little thing about her to be his business. Rain dripped from the roof onto his nose. "Sir, I know you don't like my kind, but I'd like to have a conversation with you. A serious one about your daughter. One that involves me making a promise to you about taking care of her, like a man should."

"A man who respects her should," he added, just in case Louis got the wrong idea.

Louis narrowed his eyes at Carter, reminding him so much of Melanie in that moment that he wasn't sure she wasn't Louis daughter by blood.

Finally a smile broke over his face and he clapped Carter on the back. "Come on in, son. Let's get you dry and have a drink."

"This mean you're going to tell me where Melanie is?"

"That all depends on you, son, that all depends on you."

The door shut behind Carter.

Chapter Nineteen

It had been almost three weeks since Melanie had last spoken to Carter, but as she entered the town limits of Holland Springs, a fresh wound on her heart exposed itself.

Years would need to pass before she'd be able to get over him. Maybe more if he didn't stop trying to re-friend her on facebook or sending her private messages that she refused to read. And if he invited her play Scrabble with Friends one more dang time, she was going to choke him with some real life Scrabble pieces. Only that would require her actually seeing him and then she'd be right back where she started.

Her cell phone rang, the tune identifying her best friend as the caller.

"Remind me why I agreed to work on Valentine's Day?" Melanie made a left onto Pine Drive. Jack's restaurant stood on the right, the parking lot already full.

"Because you're a glutton for punishment," Zoe said, her voice teasing though the cell phone.

"Apparently." Melanie pulled her car into her usual parking spot at the back of the restaurant and cut the engine. "You and Gabriel going out tonight?"

"Nope."

Uh-oh. "Did y'all break up again?"

"No." Zoe laughed, but it sounded a little strained. "I thought I'd be available in case my best friend needed me after she got off of work."

Thankful for her friend, Melanie closed her eyes and said a little prayer. "I'll bring the dessert. There should be tons of leftovers. Last year, the pastry chef screwed up the order and we ran out. This year, Jack had her make twice as much."

"Yum-my. See you later."

Melanie opened the car door. "Bye." She grabbed her purse and dropped her phone inside of it, then started for the restaurant.

Jack met her at the back door, his large frame taking up most of it. "Change of plans."

Shrugging out of her coat, she threw it over her shoulder and secured her ponytail more tightly. "You don't need me?"

"I wish," he said, his brown eyes teasing. His bark was always worse than his actual bite. "Anyway, some big shot has rented out the entire back section and-"

"You want me to take care of him?" She brushed past Jack and headed inside. Kneeling down by the flatware station, she shoved her coat and purse under it. Then she grabbed her apron, looped the straps around and tied it in the front. "No problem."

"Slow up." Jack's booming voice made her freeze in place. "The guy's already in there, but his woman is running a little late, as usual."

Why wouldn't they have ridden together? "I'll go get his drink order first."

"No."

"Okay, what's going on, Jack?"

"Get rid of the apron and go fix your hair and makeup."

Melanie bristled. "How about I just go home?"

Jack held out his hand. "Apron, please. Then do the rest." As she untied and handed him her apron, he said, "You'll thank me later."

"Doubtful," she muttered, heading to the bathroom. There was absolutely nothing wrong with her make-up and standard issued ponytail. She looked exactly like a waitress, because that's exactly what she was tonight. "Forget it, I'm going in."

She walked into the dining room, only instead of the usual noise, it was eerily quiet. Every table was full and every eye was on here. "Oh-kay," she muttered. Unsure of what to do, she smiled and searched the room, trying to find a familiar face to share with her what was going on. But all she found were a familiar pair of sexy green eyes.

Her heart bungeed to her toes, then almost jumped out of her mouth.

Carter Ambrose, in all his racing glory, made his way to her, skirting around tables and chairs. He held a bouquet of roses in one hand and a small, blue box in the other. He stopped only a few feet away from her.

Finally she found her voice. "You're the big shot?"

"If that's what you want to call me," he said with a heart-stopping grin. "Anyway, I came down here to ask you something, Melanie."

She heard a wolf-whistle from the crowd and found Carter's youngest brother, Heath, ready to let another one loose. Only his mother smacked on the back of the head before he could make good on it, then gave Melanie an encouraging smile.

Melanie's eyes widened. Leah Ambrose had never smiled like that at her, not once.

A flash of lime green caught her attention. In a corner booth sat her best friend with a big smile on her face. Louis sat beside her, a big glass of iced water on the table in front of him. He looked like he was going to cry.

Carter cleared his throat and she focused on him once more. "I had this big speech planned, but now that you're here standing in front of me, I can't think of a damn word," he said, his cheeks heating a little. "So I'll just come right out and say it: I love you, Melanie Anne Smith."

Knees threatening to give out on her, she collapsed in the nearest chair. "You do?"

He kneeled in front of her, handing her the roses. "That's not all."

"I don't need anything more." She really didn't. The words she'd never thought she would hear from him were being said in front of everyone and then some. So this couldn't be a dream or a joke. "I love you, too, Carter. Ever since you picked me to be on your team when the other kids wouldn't."

Leaning forward, he kissed her quickly, then handed her the blue box he'd been holding and she opened it. A slim band with a emerald-cut diamond winked at her. Breathing became hard to do, as did seeing when black dots danced in front of her eyes. "Good God, that's huge."

"Now I know why you love her so much," Jake shouted from the back and everyone burst out laughing.

Melanie's cheeks heated and she pressed her palms against them. "Sorry," she whispered.

"Don't be. I like your sassy mouth," he whispered back, then raised his voice. "It seems like my entire life has been touched by you, and I just can't see the next sixty years without having you by my side. I'm not Prince Charming and you don't need rescuing. But I am yours and I've got a Mustang sitting out front that I'd love to drive off into the sunset with you in it. Marry me, Melanie, and make me the happiest man in the world."

She blinked, clearing away the dancing dots and gazed into his eyes. "Yes, and I'll go anywhere in the world with you."

The entire dining room erupted into applause and cheers.

Carter tugged her to a standing position and slipped the ring on her finger. She kissed him, putting every ounce of love she had for him in that kiss. He returned her kisses, hands cupping her face. It was the sweetest kiss of her life.

"Damn, but I love you, woman."

"Say it again," she whispered.

"Love you." He kissed her again. "Love you, love you." Then he swept her off of her feet and she grabbed his hat, putting it on her head. "This what you had in mind? I watched a dozen You Tube clips before I found a movie that even remotely resembled what you were talking about," he said.

As he strode out of the restaurant, she kissed his cheek and said, "It's perfect."You're perfect and best of all: You're mine, Carter Ambrose."

Setting her down by the car, he grinned at her and fiddled with the brim of his cap. "I have a couple more surprise for you, soon-to-be Mrs. Ambrose." He opened the passenger side door. "Get in."

"I don't think I can take any more surprises."

"Trust me, baby."

He drove to the house on Persimmon Drive and her heart sunk at the sight of a Sold Sign in the yard. As they pulled into the driveway, she saw someone had hung a flag with a roses and hummingbirds from the front porch.

"What's going on?"

Carter cut the engine and helped her out of the car. Digging into one of his pockets, he pulled out a house key. "Happy Valentine's Day."

Her jaw dropped. "You're giving me my own house?"

"Well, I was kind of hoping that you'd let me live here, too," he said with a teasing smile, then he handed her the keys to the Mustang. "Couldn't see myself letting Chase have his car back. So, it's all yours. Figured it might be fun for you to drive back and forth to class on sunny days."

Glancing from the keys to the car, then him, she shook her head. "But what about living in Charlotte?"

"You want a house there, too? Done."

She punched him in the shoulder. "You know what I mean."

"I decided to open two garages. One in Charlotte and here, in Holland Springs. Jake and I decided to forgo the investors and become business partners. Besides, what would Beau do without you defending him?"

She jumped into his arms, plastering kisses all over his face. "Best presents ever, well, besides this diamond ring. But I don't have anything to give you."

"I'll let you make up your oversight in bed." Holding her by her thighs, he walked to the house. "Why don't we go inside and take a look at the master bedroom... maybe let me drive you crazy for once."

Laughing, she wrapped her arms around him, happiness winding through her. She was going to be Mrs. Carter Ambrose, her best friend's sister-in-law and best of all, her happily ever after had come true. "How about we drive each other crazy?"

"Sounds like a plan to me." He pressed her against the door, dipping his head to claim her mouth in a searing kiss. Then he opened the door and carried her inside to begin what promised to be one crazy ride.

Epilogue

Two years later

Big brown eyes stared up at Carter, a toothless grin making his heart flip in his chest. The baby in his arms wiggled, then yawned and snuggled against him.

"You are so wrapped around her finger," Melanie said, gently caressing SmithAnn on the face.

"I'm alright with that." He kissed his baby girl before laying her down in her crib.

Pink was everywhere in his house: On the walls, the bedding and the baby's clothes. It was even the color of the mini-Sprint Car he'd bought her a week after she'd been born. "Someday real soon," he had said while "showing" her the present he'd gotten, "your daddy's going to teach you how to beat the boys at their own game. Then I'll have to buy three more shotguns to keep them all away."

"Guess I'll get going." But he lingered in his daughter's room, not wanting to miss a thing his little princess did.

His little princess grunted and let out a burp.

"Where's your manners, Miss Priss?"

"That's my girl," Melanie said, then smacked Carter on the ass. He followed her to the kitchen. "Today, I'm taking SmithAnn with me to Kerry's house to shoot her daughter's birthday party, then we're supposed to have dinner at your momma's house. Card games to follow."

He snagged his cooler. "Sounds great."

"You are a really bad liar, Carter. Only Zoe's worse than you, which might be why she always loses at Bullshit." She brushed up against him. "Plus, your momma and Evangeline said they would babysit SmithAnn for the entire weekend."

"What about feeding her?"

"All taken care of." She held up a clear tube. "Breast pump to the rescue of parents needing a night or two off."

Oh yeah, he liked how she thought. "Do we have to stay for cards?" He pressed her against the island and set his cooler on the granite countertop.

She made little circles on his chest with her finger, peering at him through her lashes. "Not if you don't want to."

He lifted her easily and set her down beside his cooler, bracing his hands on either side of her. Her br**sts rose and fell as her breath quickened. "I want to have lots"-He nuzzled her shirt to one side and kissed a heavy breast-"and lots of alone time."

"Sometimes SmithAnn's naps can last a really long time." Melanie unbuttoned her shirt, her lacy bra doing things for his dick that he greatly appreciated.

Just as he unfastened her bra, SmithAnn began to cry. He let his head fall to Melanie's chest. Breathing in her coconut scent didn't help things.

"I'll get her," Melanie said on a sigh. "She probably did a lot more than grunt and burp."

"Nah, she's just determined to drive me crazy like her momma does." He helped his wife down from the island. "How about I get this one?"

Biting the side of her lip, she shook her head. "I am one lucky woman."

"You sure are." Smiling, he kissed her.

