Chapter One

Christian Romanov had picked one hell of a night to be sober. He adjusted his black half-mask and scanned the elaborately decorated ballroom. Okay, so he hadn't picked tonight, but his agent had.

Glancing out of the corner of his eye, he spied his agent, Martha Alfred. She stood by a huge pair of ornately carved doors, greeting guests as they arrived to the press event disguised as a masked ball. Of course he had to arrive early. Martha didn't believe in fashionably late or arriving once one's hangover had time to absorb a bit of the hair of the dog.

He grimaced, snagging a glass of champagne from a passing server and downed it in one gulp. Technically, he wasn't breaking her rules by drinking. She'd said sober. It took a whole hell of a lot more than a half-filled glass of champagne to get him drunk. And he was adult for God's sake.

Martha looked his way, and he shoved the glass behind his back. Her brows raised then lowered in disappointment, like he was a naughty toddler she'd caught eating (or rather drinking) his favorite forbidden treat.

Dammit.

He looked for the nearest exit and made his way there, depositing his glass in a potted plant. Once outside, the smell of brine hit him, clearing his head of overpowering perfumes and colognes. Leaning on the balcony railing, he closed his eyes and tapped the ring on his thumb against the metal. What a way to spend his birthday-alone. Something he could remedy after the ball. But he wasn't in the mood for company. He was in the mood to lose himself in a little birthday present he'd purchased this morning. The need to find utter oblivion and all that went along with it hit him hard.

Hell, he could leave now, take a hit, return to the ballroom, and no one would be the wiser. Not even his agent. The little pack of pills waited for him in his room, only five minutes away at the most.

"Oh I'm sorry," a woman said, the sound of her voice making his eyes pop open. "I didn't know anyone was out here."

So much for escaping without notice. Pasting a smile on his face, he turned. "It's okay. I was about to-" His voice got caught in his throat and he froze. Bright red hair illuminated by torches glowed like live embers. Dark eyes framed by a golden mask enticed him to come closer. A black evening gown, clinging to the voluptuous curves of her body made white hot lust flash through his veins.

"About to what?" she asked, a little smile appearing on her lush lips.

No damn clue. He swallowed, stuck his hands in his pocket and frowned.

Her smile disappeared and she began backing away, bumping into a stone bench. Rushing over, he caught her in his arms, her hands coming up to grip his biceps. "You really should be more careful."

"If I had someone like you around at all times to rescue me, than I wouldn't need to be more careful," she said, a teasing light in her eyes. "My hero on demand."

Laughing, he helped her up, then gestured at the bench. "Sit with me."

"Less dangerous to be sure in this dress." Her accent was hard to identify. It sounded as though she was trying very hard not to stretch out some of the vowels. Then again he hadn't been to every part of America, so there were bound to be accents he wasn't familiar with.

"You find me safe?" The things running through his head right now weren't remotely safe. He wanted her under him, with her dress shoved up to her waist as he drove himself inside of her.

She gave him a sidelong glance. "Safer than my dress or earthquakes."

"The one we had last week barely made the news."

"It rocked my world anyway."

There were so many inappropriate things he wanted to say at that moment. Instead he settled on, "Did it now?"

"It's why I left the ballroom. The chain for the chandelier didn't look very shake proof."

Pointing to the roof, he said, "Have you seen the water spouts on the corners of the house?"

"Oh crap," she whispered, glancing up and then back at him, panic filling her pretty eyes. "Stone gargoyles would do a lot of damage to our heads. Worse than the chandelier."

"They've been there since the last century and survived more earthquakes than either of us. We're fine, but in case the unthinkable happens, I'd like to at least have a name." He stuck out his hand. "Hi, I'm-"

"Ian Romanov," she said, putting her hand in his and giving a little squeeze.

"Your name is Ian, too? Small world, eh?"

She laughed and shook her head. "No." It pleased him to see her put back at ease. And it pleased him even more to be the cause of it. "I attended the premier of My Beloved last night."

Pulling a face, he said, "Then you know I die in the middle." First major picture and he dies. Dies. His father and brother must have loved every second of that scene-if they ever watched the film.

"You made me cry."

That little tidbit should have made him extremely proud, instead he felt like an arse and wanted to comfort her. "I'll make sure it won't happen again."

"Ironclad clause in all future contracts?" she asked with another one of her gorgeous smiles.

"Of course," he said, then adjusted his half mask again. He couldn't wait to take the damn thing off. "What's your name?"

Placing her hands in her lap, she twisted the material of her dress. What did she have to be so nervous about? Trying to set her at ease, he placed his hand over hers. "I have to call you something. 'Hey you' seems a bit impersonal."

"Amber," she said, her black lashes flickering.

Chocolate colored eyes met his and a sense of deja vu washed over him, but he couldn't bring himself to ask her if they'd met before. Hell, earlier this evening he'd asked that of a major producer and Martha had nearly killed herself as she sought to do damage control.

"A very lovely name." He leaned into her, wanting to kiss her. No, he needed to kiss her, needed to taste her and-

She stood, so quickly that he bumped his forehead against her hip. "I'm sorry," she gasped, "I didn't mean to-"

Sitting up and rubbing his head, he said, "Perfectly alright, love." Maybe she'd knocked some sense into him. It was madness sitting out here, in the moonlight, talking of dying and lovely names while a ballroom full of women awaited him inside. "Are you an actress?"

"No."

Disappointed that he wouldn't have the chance of working with her, he rubbed his chin. "Russian spy?"

"No," she said on a laugh. "Guess again."

"Woman bent on seduction?"

"Are you interested in being seduced?" she asked, her eyes heavy-lidded.

Hypnotized, he stood, his heart beating loudly in his ears. "Hell, yes."

The sounds of an orchestra playing wove under doors and out of windows.

"Would you like to dance with me?"

"There's nothing else I'd rather do," he heard himself say. Apparently, she hadn't hit him hard enough.

He took her in his arms, her full br**sts pressed flush against his chest.

"Do you like acting?" she asked, gazing up at him.

"Most of the time, but one day I hope I can do some good with my name. Make a difference in the world," he said. Feeling ridiculous at the truth he'd revealed, he rolled his eyes. "Trite enough for you?"

"Only if you weren't serious." She looked disappointed and for some unknown reason, he couldn't stand it.

Letting his guard down, he exhaled. "I really meant it. I'd like to be known for something other than my looks, money or acting chops. What about you?"

"Just finished graduate school. The world is my oyster."

"Seems we're both full of old fashioned idioms tonight."

She laughed, the sound making his heart flip in his chest. "I prefer timeless."

He wished he could arrest this moment: a gentle breeze, the moonlight shining down, and Amber in his arms.

"Are you here by yourself?"

Always, he wanted to say. He was always by himself, making his own way through life. "My agent's my date."

"I came alone. Sorta."

"How about we forget about our dates and stay out here, yes?"

She laid her head against him. "Yes."

The music changed tempo and sped up.

"Do you know how to Rumba?"

"No."

"Lucky for you, I do. Keep your eyes on me," he said and she lifted her chin. "Follow my lead."

"I'll do my best," she said as he shifted her in his arms.

They danced the length and width of the balcony as she laughed up at him and tried to follow his lead. He couldn't help but grin and whirl her around faster and faster, until she fell against one of the French doors leading into the ballroom.

Amber giggled, her hand on her chest as it rose and fell. "I've never danced like that before."

"Neither have I," he said, moving closer, "In fact, I might have made up a few steps along the way."

"An actor improvising? Shocking." She made a little noise of mock disapproval.

"You'd be impressed with all the moves I have yet to execute on the dance floor."

"Just on the dance floor?" Pushing away from the door, she closed the distance between them and stood so close that he couldn't resist wrapping his arms around her. "Seems kind of limiting, don't you think?"

"I'm quite sure I could rise to any occasion that called for improvising, especially if you were the occasion." Nuzzling her hair, he breathed her in and leaned back. "Honeysuckle?" At her nod, he lifted a bright red curl and brought it to his nose for a moment before letting it slip through his fingers, immediately jealous of the strand as it caressed a bare shoulder. "Do you taste as sweet as you smell?"

Chapter Two

Zoe Ambrose's heart pounded in her chest as his head bent, his lips parted as he neared. This was what she'd been longing to experience again: Ian Romanov's kiss. Ian Romanov, golden-haired and blue-eyed. Hollywood's latest British import and newest bad boy. She felt like screaming in excitement, but not because of those facts-although his accent didn't hurt things.

Even if he thought he was kissing some woman named Amber. But it couldn't be helped. Pretending to be Amber gave her courage to speak to him, to ask him to dance. To seduce him.

His lips met hers, slowly and so sweetly that she curled her fingers into the lapels of his jacket. Under the lightest of pressures her mouth opened, his tongue coasting over her bottom lip before dipping inside to explore. God. He tasted so good, so decadent and so perfect that she sucked his tongue to have more of him.

Growling low in his throat, his hands came around her shoulder, then coasted down her back and pressed her against him. He was hard, so hard for her.

Their tongues dueled, mouths sealed. He turned his head, making her whimper in protest as his lips traveled down to her throat. His teeth nipped at her collarbone, then her ear.

"I want to f**k you right now," he said, making her shiver, "Against this wall."

She felt his hands on her dress, yanking the material up. So caught up in his wicked words and kisses that she couldn't form coherent words. Grabbing his hand, she tried to help him, but he froze.

"Shall I stop?" His voice was ragged sounding in her ear.

Exerting more force, she pulled his hands up, along with the dress. "No, I mean, don't stop."

"Thank God," he said, moments before his mouth claimed hers again and the cool nighttime air hit her skin.

"Do you have a condom?" she asked as his fingers traced the top of one of her thigh highs. "I'm on the pill, but we don't know each other that well."

Smiling against her cheek, he said, "I have several and I plan on using every one of them tonight."

Her knees went weak, like sugar dissolving in hot tea. "You do?"

"It will be a very long,"-he licked the top of one breast, then the other,-"night for us. Perhaps this night won't end." He dropped to his knees and ordered her to hold up the material of her dress. "Christ." His fingers traced the hair free mound, then parted her. "All of this is for me." His breath was hot on her tender flesh and her face flamed. "I'm going to eat you, lick you and savor every drop."

Then he put his mouth on her, tongue sliding inside where she was already wet and wanting. His fingers joined in, two of them pushing inside of her with an insistence that made her weak. Her body tightened upon itself, all of her attention on his mouth and tongue as he tasted her. Unsure of where to put her hands, she slid them down her stomach to trace the edge of his mask, then touch his face. The rough stubble of his five o'clock shadow tickled her fingertips.

He leaned into her touch and sucked on her clit. She stifled a scream. Her thighs began to shake and his fingers went deeper. Stretching her, preparing her for when he would replace his fingers with his penis. The thought of him being inside of her was enough to send her over the edge.

Clutching his hair, she simultaneously tried to pull him closer and push him away. His arms snaked around her, holding her captive against his erotic mouth. She was helpless in his embrace, in the onslaught of emotions and how aware she was of her body. How the breeze was cool on her bare skin. How her hair flowed over her shoulders. How his fingers dug into her hip.

As the last of her orgasm faded away, she became aware of his mouth on her inner thigh. "My turn."

"Wait," she began and he looked up at her, desire and lust in his pale blue eyes.

"Why?"

No one had ever done that to her before; her ex-boyfriend only kissed her and kept his hands in very safe places. And she was still reeling from the shock of it, from the exquisite pleasure he'd wrung from her. "I...uh..." Good Lord, she would sound like an idiot if she confessed that. At twenty-three she was still inexperienced about so many things that it was laughable. Or cry-worthy. She glanced up at the night sky, then back at him. "Nothing."

His brow furrowed, then his hands fell as he stood. "I think I know what the problem is."

"You do?" she squeaked.

He nodded at the open windows and doors, then smoothed down the material of her dress. "We've practically an audience."

She felt her eyes grow huge. "Oh my God." Her family was inside, within hearing distance and who would've known what would have happened had any of her brothers come out here and caught them.

"So..."

"I guess we're done?"

Tilting his head to one side, he raked his gaze over her. "If that's what you wish."

What she wished and what she knew to be true were two different things.

She should walk away from him, from this destined to be a one night stand. An experience she knew she wasn't emotionally built for but wanted with him anyway, despite her better judgment.

The silence lengthened between them as he waited for her answer. She made her gaze leave his face and concentrated on the ocean crashing against the rocky cliffs in the distance. The full moon shone down as fireflies zoomed around twinkling lights and ornate fountains, making it the perfect summer night for seduction.

"Amber?"

Turning her attention back to him, her heart plunged to her toes. How emotionless he looked at this moment. How poised, as if he were waiting for a server to appear with one of those little trays. Then she saw the flush along his cheekbones, his hands clenching into fists and the stiffness in his broad shoulders.

"Christian," she said without thinking. Or maybe it was because that's how she thought of him. When she'd glimpsed the real him at her Aunt Martha's house parties, while she hovered on the edge and listened. He'd always seemed to have an underlying note of sadness when he spoke, when he told stories that had nothing to do with anything at all.

Those perfect lips of his frowned. "Well, I'll be off." He began to walk away, but she caught him by the sleeve of his tuxedo jacket.

"I won't call you that again. It's just...I'd rather think of you as a normal person than an actor." Great, Zoe, just great. She'd all but called him abnormal. "Please, stay with me."

The corners of his mouth kicked up. "What's a normal bloke do if he wants to be seduced by a beautiful woman."

She bit the side of her lip, then said, "Calling her beautiful helps."

"Flattery is my strong suit." He pulled her to him, stroking the curve of her cheek. "Shall I take you inside and ask you to dance properly?"

"How about I take you back to my room and fu-" She blushed at his wicked grin as she tried to get out the word he'd used earlier. Finally she settled on saying, "seduce you properly?"

"Where are you staying?"

"The Benson." Her friend, Jaylen Stone, had suggested the hotel, the hair color, the colored contacts and a fake name. Zoe had been dubious at first, but Jaylen had become her confidant since Zoe had moved out to Los Angles from her small town of Holland Springs, North Carolina. Plus, Jaylen had seemed to genuinely want to help her capture Christian's attention. Besides, Jaylen was friends with Christian, knew his likes and dislikes because she could actually carry on conversations that lasted longer than five minutes. Unlike Zoe, who'd barely managed three sentences when she'd first met Christian at her aunt's agency's New Year's Eve party.

Never before had she had problems talking to a man. Growing up with four brothers, who made no qualms about how men really acted when women weren't around, tended to make her less than impressed with the opposite sex.

"Too far."

"So that's a no?" He started to answer, but she held up a hand. "Please don't say it's up to me. I've told you what I wanted. Tell me what you want."

***

"I want you, Amber." Never had Christian wanted another woman like this. He hungered for her, her taste. The sight of her bare and wet for him as she lay on his bed. "My room's here."

"But this is a private residence." Her brow wrinkled adorably, until understanding dawned in her chocolate eyes. "This is your house."

"Does it matter?" What he really wanted to know was if that was important to her.

She shook her head, sending red waves over her shoulders. "I don't care how much or how little money or things you have. I want you, the man standing before me."

He believed her. She said it with such conviction, without hesitation, that he couldn't not believe her. And he had a pretty good bullshit detector. Something that his brother, Sebastian, set off every time they were in the same room together. "Are you an angel?"

"Only if angels are allowed to seduce."

"I'll allow you to do whatever you'd like." He craned his head, looking right and left as he searched for the quickest exit. "If we travel the perimeter of the room, we can get to that far door without being seen. There are seven columns along the way to hide behind."

Grinning, she said, "I think I saw that in a movie once. The main characters crashed a wedding."

"Proposing already, darling?" He grabbed her hand and pulled her along after him.

"One day you might want to make an honest man of yourself."

"Unlikely."

"Never say never."

He grunted, then jerked her to him. "Shit. My agent's looking this way!" They ducked behind the first column. Glancing around the column, he scanned the room. "All clear."

"Let's go," she said, picking up the hem of her dress.

They ran again, dodging servers and potted plants.

"My brother!"

"Faster, love."

This time she pulled Christian behind the third column and kissed him. Fingers tangling in his hair as she devoured him. Good God, they had to get to his room soon.

All too soon she broke their kiss and tugged him after her. This time he'd barely gotten to the fifth column before his hands were on her ass and her tongue was in his mouth. "Two more, baby." He rocked against her, pleased to hear her moan. "Can you make it?"

She undid his tie and unbuttoned his shirt, her fingers spreading the material apart. "Keeping up with you won't be a problem." Then her very wicked tongue traced the outline of his tattoo and he groaned. "But you might not be able to keep up with me."

"Ah, the hell with it." He lifted her in his arms, running for the door and not caring who saw them. Nothing would stop him.

Chapter Three

The door opened, smacking against the wall.

He fell against it, holding Amber in his arms, her dress hiked to her hips and legs wrapped around his waist. Somewhere along the way he'd lost his mask.

She pushed at his jacket, then unbuttoned his pants, never breaking their kiss. He wanted to tell her to slow down, that they had all the time in the world, but her hand wrapped around his c**k and he growled instead.

She tore her mouth away and whispered, "Condom." Then she bit down on the lobe of his ear until he hissed, her hand still stroking him.

"Do that again, only lower."

Licking the juncture between his throat and shoulder, she asked, "Here?"

"Yes." Her teeth clamped down on him. "Harder." His eyes popped open, then practically rolled with the pleasure of it as he dug into his trouser pocket and pulled out a condom. Tearing it open with his teeth, he spit out the foil and shoved her hand aside. After sheathing himself, he turned them, propping her against the wall.

Her arm shot out, closing the door with a slam and she giggled into his mouth. "That was loud."

"I've never had a woman laugh while kissing me," he said, "My ego might not survive." And neither would he if he didn't get inside of her right this instant. "Unwrap one of your legs from around me."

She did as he asked and he slid his c**k against her, watching her dark eyes glazed over with passion as rubbed her clit. "Chri-Ian, I want-"

"Christian." He kissed her again, hard and deep. "Say it as much as you want." Then he pushed his c**k inside of her and was immediately pushed back out. Jesus. She was tight as hell and felt like heaven. "Love, you have to relax."

She whimpered. "I'm trying, but I've never done this before."

"Have sex with a man you've just met? Shocking," he teased, earning a quivering smile from her. Rubbing his knuckles against her satiny skin, he gently kissed her and let his other hand travel from around her hip to where he wanted to be the most.

At his first touch, she gasped and arched her back. She was so very wet and hot. Sliding a finger inside of her, he clenched his teeth. Her inner muscles had clamped down on him.

As her hands relaxed their death grip on him, he added a second finger, then began to move. All the while his thumb caressed her clit.

"Christian." Her hips jerked as she whispered his name.

He slid in deeper, easier than he had on the balcony. Not until his fingers were slick with her did he stop. Gently removing them, he coated her lips with her juices. A pink tongue darted out to lick at his finger, before sucking the digit inside. Her dark eyes gazed into his as he felt her swirl her tongue over and around his skin.

"Fuck me," he growled. He couldn't get his fingers out of the way fast enough. He couldn't put his mouth on hers fast enough, his tongue between her lips, showing her exactly what he would be doing with his cock.

Steadying her hips, he pushed inside of her. Hard. Crying out his name, she undulated against him and her head fell back. Once more her hands had a death grip on his biceps.

"Relax, sweetheart, relax."

Taking a deep breath, she exhaled and he slid the smallest of distances. Withdrawing slightly, he rocked back inside of her and was rewarded with a moan. Encouraged, he repeated the action, over and over until her hands fell to her sides and he was balls deep.

He stroked her, watching as his c**k disappeared inside of her. His balls drew tight against his body as he sank inside of her. As he rubbed her swollen clit. He let his forehead fall against the wall. Nothing had ever felt like this, so right and perfect, like she was made for him alone. Nothing would ever feel this good again.

"Don't stop, don't stop," she chanted.

"Never," he promised, moving faster now. Whatever she wanted, whenever she wanted it, she would have it. "Say my name."

"Christian."

"Again."

Whimpering, she moved her leg higher around him and damn if he didn't slid in another inch. "Christian." She pressed her mouth against his throat and he shivered. "I'm unhn... oh God, again. Christian."

Sensation after sensation inundated him as she orgasmed, as her inner muscles clenched at him, until he couldn't hold back anymore. One last desperate surge inside of her and he came with a guttural shout of her name.

Rocking against her, he waited for his heart to calm, his breathing to return to normal and for this feeling of rightness and perfection to pass. All of those things eventually came to pass-except his feelings.

Leaning back he found her eyes closed and her mouth parted. "Open your eyes," he said, not moving a muscle as she held him within her, in a grip not even the tightest fist could make. Brown eyes framed by spiky lashes blinked open and he smiled, though it wasn't the easiest thing to do at the time. He wished like hell she'd take off her mask.

Amber smiled back, lovely and sweet. Yet there was vulnerability in her gaze he hadn't seen before, as if she expected him to thank her and be on his way. Which wasn't that far off from his usual MO. But this time, this time...nothing on Earth would make him leave her side.

Shaken to his core, he couldn't stop the words from tumbling out of his mouth. "Stay the night with me. Hell, stay the week, the month...the year. Just stay with me."

Chapter Four

Zoe stared at him through wet lashes and swallowed. This wasn't how it was supposed to end. Not in her wildest fantasies would Christian say those words to her. She had prepared herself for that reality.

"I-I," she stammered, wincing as he pulled out of her. Turning away from him, she smoothed down her dress. When she glanced up, he had taken off his shirt. "What are you doing?"

Giving her a wicked smile, he let his pants fall to the floor and pushed down his boxer-briefs. "Told you I have several condoms." Lifting off his mask, he threw it on a nearby table.

Good Lord, he was even more beautiful without clothes on. All lean muscles and tall, with wide shoulders and a very fine butt. She couldn't stop staring at him.

Making herself stop ogling him, she said, "So you're serious?"

"I never joke about protection," he said with a wink. He walked to the door, locked it and turned the lights out. She just could make out his silhouette in the darkness.

"No...about staying with you," she said softly. "Are you serious about that?"

"For the first time in my life. Although, if you'd prefer, I'll let you use me for sex." He came to her then, unzipping her dress and helping her out of it. She moved to roll down her stockings. "Leave those on. But you can lose the shoes."

After removing everything but her stockings, she took a deep breath and untied her gold mask. "Can you see me?"

"Not really. Shall I turn on the lights by the bed?"

"No!"

He chuckled, then laced his fingers though hers, bringing their joined hands to his mouth and kissing her knuckles. "Eventually you will have to show me that very lovely face of yours."

"What if my face isn't lovely?" She'd always been comfortable with what she looked like-the girl next door. Nothing to inspire lust or for someone to write odes about. But his standard had to be much higher with the life he led. Something that would disappoint her greatly if true. "What if I'm just a plain Jane?"

"To me, you are beautiful." He caressed her cheek. "Please believe me when I say that your looks don't matter. I don't care if the entire world thinks you don't meet their standard of beauty, because you've already met mine."

Weak in the knees, she used her free hand to prop herself against the wall. She believed him, dear Lord, she did. She had to. He sounded so sincere, so unrehearsed. "Tomorrow then."

"Ah, so you'll stay with me."

"Yes."

He led her to the bed, then swung her up in his arms and gently placed her in the middle of the mattress. Moving between her thighs, he kissed her ni**les. "Last chance to leave before I ravish you again."

She laughed until he wrapped his hot mouth around one of her ni**les and sucked. Moaning, she arched her back and he slid his arm under her, bringing her closer. "More."

"I'm already hard for you again." His erection slid against her inner thigh, then against where she still throbbed and ached for him. He moved his arm out from under her and grabbed his cock, rubbing it against her clit.

Almost immediately she grew wetter. "That feels-"

"So bloody good," he finished. "Turn over."

Burying her face in the closest pillow as she followed his instructions, she trembled in anticipation. After what seemed like an eternity, he began to kiss her shoulders, then worked his way down her back, nipping and licking at her skin. He kissed her butt, which made her giggle when she thought those exact words, then he made her claw at the bedcovers when he raked his teeth across the backs of her knees.

Spreading her legs, he eased one long finger inside of her. Despite the soreness, she pressed back. His breathing grew heavier as he added another finger, scissoring them inside of her and hitting a spot so sensitive that she cried out.

She could hear the smug smile in his voice as he said, "That's it, love. Now lift your hips for me."

"I want...I need," she panted as she rose on her hands and knees. Swearing, he removed his fingers, taking away what she knew to be the beginning of another mind-blowing orgasm. "Wait-don't-"

The head of his c**k pushing inside her silenced her protest. He teased her with shallow thrusts, his muscular arms planted alongside her head in the mattress. "You don't want this inside of you?" he asked, thrusting deep and making her whimper.

She was so damn sore and yet he felt so good.

Withdrawing, he said, "Answer me, love."

"Yes," she said, pressing back. She was rewarded with another hard thrust. This position was even better than the first; he felt so different this way. So...Suddenly, she panicked and tried to scramble away from him. "Did you put on a condom?"

He held her tight against him, his c**k firmly inside of her. "Feel for yourself." Letting her hand slid down to where they were joined, she felt the ridge of latex at the bottom. "Better?"

She nodded, her heart pounding in her ears.

"Brilliant. Now, back to f**king you properly." He moved his hands to cup her br**sts, teasing and pinching her ni**les as he drove himself deep inside of her. One hand drifted lower to her mound, sliding between her lips to rub her clit. "Am I a novelty for you? Something a bored-"

"No," she said, "I wanted you the first time I saw you."

"Know the feeling, love." Lifting her up, he sat back and brought her with him, stretching her sore muscles. "Do you like this?"

Moaning, she rolled her hips. "You?"

Pushing her back down on the mattress, he pressed his hand on the small of her back. "Prefer this position." Then he grabbed a hip and began to thrust inside of her hard and deep, until she screamed his name. Vaguely, she heard him call out her name, then he slumped over her. "Am I too heavy?"

"Doesn't matter," she panted, "I'm too blissed out to move."

Rolling to his side, he took her with him. His large hand caressed her from shoulder to hip as her heart slowly returned to normal. "When can I see you again? I need location and time."

She smiled, pushing her hair out of her face. "I thought we were spending the night together?"

"Figured you might want to shower and change into regular clothes at some point." He dropped a kiss on her neck and pulled out of her, then rose from the bed and walked to the bathroom. "Then again, keeping you nude and in bed with me is a better idea," he called out.

"For how long?" she asked as he reappeared in the doorway, light from the bathroom highlighted his body but she remained firmly hidden in the shadows.

"Forever." He moved to the bed and she held her arms out to him, sighing in pleasure when he gathered her to him. "This might sound like I'm giving you a line, but I've never felt like this before."

"Me neither," she admitted, pressing a kiss to his jaw.

"Let's have breakfast at Java. Do you know the restaurant?"

Nodding, she rested her head against his chest and began tracing the rose tattoo on his chest. "How about lunch, around 1:30, instead? I have an appointment in the morning." She planned on dyeing her hair back and throwing away the contacts. No reason to let their relationship continue on lies. And she'd have to tell him her real name. Wonder if he'd remember meeting her from before then? Or kissing her at midnight on New Year's Eve.

"I'm afraid to let you out of my arms," he said, his voice serious. "It's like you appeared out of thin air right when I needed someone the most and I'm terrified you won't show tomorrow."

"Nothing can keep me away," she promised, "Let's exchange numbers and I'll text you when I'm done."

"Sounds like a plan," he nuzzled her hair, turning her to her back again. "But later." He began to kiss his way down her body, settling himself between her legs. "Much, much later."

"Much...later," Zoe agreed, then gasped as Christian began to make love to her with his mouth.

Chapter Five

Sunlight streaming through the windows awakened Christian. Smiling he rolled over, reaching for Amber, but all he found was her scent and the depression her head had left in the pillow beside him.

He frowned until he heard his cell phone beep. Grabbing it off the bedside table, he glanced at the unfamiliar number. His frown disappeared as he realized it was her.

Sorry can't be there when u wake up. Borrowed ur phone and texted myself then u.  Now u have my number. So text me. Maybe when u wake up?

Morning, love. See u at Java's. 1:30

Setting the phone back down, he made his way to the bathroom to shower and change. Toweling off his hair, he checked his phone again. Nothing.

"Dammit," he muttered, then texted his cousin. Snagging a cigarette from his tuxedo jacket, he walked out on his balcony for a smoke.

Of course his cousin's response was immediate and full of so many innuendos about Christian's disappearance with a mystery woman that he couldn't help but shake his head and roll his eyes. He ground out the cigarette and threw it in the trash on the way back inside.

Chucking the phone on the bed, he ambled over to his closet.

Today was a new beginning for him. No more drugs (or no more everyday use), no more brawling, no more women whose name wasn't Amber, er, -he paused-he'd find out her last name today at lunch so he could narrow down that whole no more women thing.

Last night had been amazing, the best time of his life he would go so far to say. They'd shagged, talked and shagged again. Then she'd put her mouth on him and he'd nearly hit the ceiling. Best of all he remembered her this morning. He hadn't woken up hung over or still high, without a clue as to where he was or who he was with.

He pulled out a button down shirt and shrugged into it.

Before he met her for lunch, he had errands to run, flowers to buy, jewelry to give and whatever else a man did when he wanted to show a woman he was serious about her. He'd given her one of his good luck charms, a ring he'd worn on his thumb, last night as he'd teased her about needing to be able to recognize her when he saw her again sans mask.

Christian had been entirely truthful when he'd told Amber that she was beautiful. He didn't give a damn about her looks, and from the small glimpses he'd been able to get last night as the moonlight shone through the windows of his room, she had nothing to worry about even if he did.

Fastening the cufflinks at the sleeves, he found a pair of grey slacks and stepped into them, then moved to the bathroom. Wooing a woman was serious business and required a serious wardrobe. Even if he'd rather be wearing jeans and a t-shirt. As he finished getting ready, he fought the urge to check his cell phone again. She did say she had an appointment. Maybe it was one in which she couldn't answer her calls or texts.

His heart began to beat pound against his chest as he took a last look in the bathroom mirror and grinned.

Nothing could keep them apart. He was sure of it.

