Prologue

When Eva Walkers stared into the barrel of the gun, she knew her fate had been sealed. On this fine summer night at twenty-nine years, seven months, thirteen days, eleven hours and thirty-eight minutes old, she was going to die.

Plain and simple.

No amount of pleading was going to change these men's mind. They were professional killers, sent by the Russian mafia vory v zakone as retribution for her testimony against their boss in a murder case three months ago in New York.

She thought ruefully about the district attorney, Glenn Adams, who had promised her safety in the Federal Witness Protection Program. With a new identity, a new job, and a new home, Adams had reassured her that she would be protected from the bratva retaliation. Adams needed her testimony to put Anton Kovalenko, the vor boss, behind bars for the rest of his life. Eva had gullibly believed Adams's words. She had done the right thing. Anton Kovalenko had destroyed many lives and he needed to be locked away forever. Justice had to be served so his victims would receive closure.

Now she could see how foolish she had been.

She should have seen this coming.

She was a librarian for Christ's sake! And with her taste of literature in true crime, noir, and thriller, she should have known that nothing good ever came from being a squealer. The person who ratted out the mob always ended up in a tragic accident.

Still, she had gone through with it.

She was romantic at heart and innocently believed that in the battle between good and evil, good always prevailed. Now she knew the reality wasn't nicely wrapped and sugar-coated like on TV. Reality was harsh, bitter, and vengeful.

Conditioned in the Gulag with the credo that the home for angels was heaven and the home for a vor was prison, vory v zakone made the Italian mafia look like a troupe of dancing nuns. These tall men stood before her like towering black columns of reapers who had come to collect her soul. The hard-lined faces told her that these men had gone to hell and back. Their expressions were cold. Their prison tattoos peeked underneath their suit sleeves and collars, decorating their bodies like badges of accomplishments. Eva wondered if they were really human beings who were capable of showing emotion and feelings. She doubted it. Their hearts must have been carved out of petrified stone.

They had ambushed her in the parking lot when she got out of work. She was a librarian in her old life and now she was working as a manuscript restorer for a private literary foundation. She had settled in nicely and was enjoying her new life in Chicago, putting the past behind her. But now that the past caught up with her.

They had shoved her in a van and had taken her to a clearing near a river. They spoke to her but Eva didn't understand Russian. Either way, she didn't need a translation. Even a village idiot could see they wanted her to suffer before she died. Their faces remained icy as one of them broke her fingers as if he was snapping annoying twigs. The pain jarred her to the bone. She had screamed, cried, and pleaded for mercy. But deep inside, she knew her life had been forfeited.

Now as she stared at the barrel of the gun, she prayed her death would be quick and painless.

The man squeezed the trigger.

Her head whipped backward. Her body collapsed.

She blinked. She was still conscious.

Damn it, they lied, she thought. People getting shot on TV. The victims on those shows always died instantly. And why she was still able to think? Even worse, why was she conscious? She wanted to speak, trying to move her limbs, but her body and her brain were no longer cooperating. Pain scorched her. It felt as if she had shoved her head into a coal furnace: blistering hot agony throbbed in cadence of her beating heart. She couldn't do anything but endure it.

She couldn't breathe. The air around her thinned.

The vor shot her a couple more times.

Two fiery leads burrowed into her flesh like worms from hell that sought new fertile ground to subsist and breed.

She tried to speak again, but her mouth frothed with blood and saliva, making her speech garbled.

As she sprawled on the wet June grass, she prayed the pain would go away. Minutes passed by and she still hadn't died.

Every nerve-tip in her body screamed pain.

Darkness crept into her field of vision.

Eva shut her eyes. A tear leaked down her cheek.

Die already, she thought with exasperation. I'm ready...

The man who shot her kicked her in the stomach and pushed her into the river. In the depth of the watery abyss, Eva felt the shroud of the angel of death slowly envelop her weak and broken body.

She surrendered.

Chapter One

Liam Caderyn wondered what was wrong with his dog. Hades, the rescued golden retriever he had adopted from a no-kill shelter a year ago had been restless since dinner time. He whined and scratched the back door repeatedly. Liam didn't let him out because of the rain. When the downpour finally subsided, he opened the door to take him for his evening walk. Hades bounded to the backyard toward the wooded area like a loose arrow, not heeding his master's calls.

Rain had been pouring since morning, leaving the grass on his vast property soggy and squishy under his boots. Liam didn't mind the wet. He liked the smell of the earth after rain: dense, musky, a cornucopia of steeped leaves and dirt tea, a scent of mystery and a new beginning. He just didn't like the mud that Hades would track back into the house. The old pup would need a bath before bed time, and honestly, grooming a long-haired retriever was more time-consuming than caring for his sister's toddler. Liam babysat Caitlyn's son Brandon once in a while. To tell the truth, the two-year old was less of a handful than his spoiled dog.

"Hades!" Liam called. "Come here, boy."

The dog whined somewhere far ahead. Liam silently wished that Hades wouldn't go near the pond. Retrievers liked to swim, but now wasn't a good time. Cutting through his property was an offshoot stream from Calumet River that ended in the pond. Even though it was small, the stream was quite deep. A couple years back, Liam had it dredged to encourage the growth of the wildlife.

And from the sound of it, it seemed the dog had gone in that direction.

Liam owned a forty-acre piece of land near the Whistler Preserve where he had built his sanctuary, the quiet place where he spent most of his days painting and photographing nature. He was thirty-five when he had finally got fed up with politics and the ruthlessness of the cutthroat business world, and the scandal his ex-wife had caused. He sold his six-billion-dollar telecommunication company that he had started right after he graduated from Stanford, gave half of his fortune to charities, and retired in modesty.

Sighing, Liam ducked a low hanging apple branch and went deep into the woods to follow the eager dog. Cold, saturated sprigs of bushes smacked him vindictively as he cut a path to where Hades was. His jacket and jeans were stained with rain water. He squinted, trying to find the dog. The dark, gloomy sky didn't affect his vision. As one of the rare few dragon shifters left on Earth, Liam was gifted with excellent sight. He blinked then caught the orange-brown movement darting under a willow tree. The retriever was restless. He kept barking and whining. Liam caught up with him. He reached for Hades and ruffled the fur behind his ear. "What's the matter, boy?"

The smell hit him before his dog gave away the source of his discontent.

Blood.

Liam's sense of smell was as sharp as his sight. He hissed, following the scent. Rocks and gravel crunched underneath his soles as he took measured steps onto the slope. He saw a dark figure washed out on the side of the stream; the lower half of its torso submerged in the water. Hades shot past him and braked in front of it abruptly. He wagged his tail and barked once.

"What did you find, boy?"

"Woof!"

Great. Just the last thing he needed. A corpse. The main river must have been flooded from the rain and dragged this unwanted problem right onto his property. He would need to call the authorities and the prospect of the police, coroners, and the press trampling around in his private sanctuary darkened his mood. He liked his privacy. His quiet and orderly life. His Zen. He had enough of living under the spotlight when he still ran his company. Being the youngest self-made billionaire had made the media hunger for him and scrutinize his every move. If a reporter got a whiff that he had found a dead body on his property, the vulture-like paparazzi, gossip tabloids, and TV pundits would make a circus out of it.

Liam half-heartedly trudged to Hades' discovery. He surveyed the ground, looking for any sign that someone had purposely trespassed on his land and dumped a dead body near his house. But there were no signs of tracks. Of course, the rain could have easily erased them. He studied closer. From the look of it, the corpse seemed to have been dragged by the flood.

Liam narrowed his eyes, studying the body through the mud that covered it all over. It appeared to be female, wearing what was once a white blouse and a dark skirt. Seemed to be young as well, she couldn't be older than thirty. Twigs and leaves were tangled in her hair. She sprawled with her arms caught in a jumble of cattail bog plants. A bullet wound was visible in her right temple. Judging from her condition, she had been killed recently. No sign of decomposition at all.

Great. A murder victim.

He took his cell phone out and was about to dial 9-1-1 when he caught a faint sigh. A breath. A dying breath even. Liam was perplexed. No way. How could she even be alive with such trauma?

Hurriedly, Liam pocketed his phone away. He plunged into the waist-high water to check the pulse on her neck. Her body was cold but the pulse was there. Barely. He had to call the ambulance so she could receive medical aide. He cleared her face from clumps of muck-covered hair. His heart sank. If a human soul was tethered to its body like a balloon, the string anchoring this woman to the physical vessel was about to disconnect permanently. He wasn't trained in the medical field, but even he could see this woman didn't have much time left. By the time the paramedics came for her, she probably would be dead already.

Unless he did something about it.

His grandfather once said a dragon shifter was also granted the ability to give life. The rite of blood magic. In the old days, blood magic was used by dragons who claimed a human mate to prolong their life. Dragons lived twice as long as the human lifespan. Once a dragon mated, they were bound forever. Blood magic was used so a bonded pair could enjoy life until its very end.

But Liam had never had the chance to initiate blood magic. He had claimed a mate a few years ago: Natalie Bairn, also a dragoness from the House of Bairn. Thinking that they were both dragon, he felt no need to initiate the ritual of blood magic. He married his own kind; a vow of bond should have been good enough. But it turned out the bond was a joke. The marriage didn't last. Natalie cheated on him with his best friend. Liam got divorced at the same time he decided to withdraw from the world.

If he initiated the blood magic, he could save this woman's life.

Problem was, she wasn't his mate. How he was going to tell her the truth when she woke up from her injuries, good as new? Human didn't believe that dragons existed, and his kin had never been inclined to prove the thousand-year- old myth was true. If he healed this woman, he would have to tell her their secret.

But if he didn't help her, she'd die.

Liam wasn't sure he could live with that on his conscience if he had the chance to save a life and he chose not to.

Help her now, everything else can be explained later.

Liam made a split-second decision.

She must live.

He slipped his arms underneath her and lifted her out of the water. Hades barked, circling him as he put the woman on the muddy ground. It appeared the gun shot on her temple was made from a small caliber. He checked carefully and found out it didn't have an exit wound. The bullet was still lodged in her brain. If the blood rite was successful, the magic would repair any damage. And any strange objects lodged into the body like the bullet would be automatically expelled. Scratch that. Bullets. He found she had also been shot in the chest and stomach. Heavens have mercy.

How could she still be alive?

Hades settled in, watching his every move. Liam summoned his power, partially shifting. His right fingers turned into sharp talons. With a flick of his wrist, he cut open his left palm.

Chanting the rite, he bled into her mouth.

Chapter Two

Eva woke up with a start.

Her first instinct was to grope her head and her stomach, looking for the bullet holes that had almost robbed her of her life.

She found nothing.

She couldn't figure out why she thought she had been shot, because there were no signs of any wounds at all. She was completely unscathed. A frisson of terror shot through her when she found herself as naked as the day she was born. She pulled herself into a sitting position and shoved the comforter down, examining her body.

Nothing. No pain. No holes. No bandage.

Other than a mild headache and a slight chill, she was completely fine.

Why was she naked?

And why did she think she had been in an accident?

No, not accident.

Something worse.

She felt as if she had recently been in a life-or-death situation and the horrible part was that she didn't make it.

Strange.

She couldn't remember anything at all.

She knew her name. Eva. And that was it. She couldn't remember her last name. Her family, or what she did. Everything else felt like a big black hole, a leviathan eating memories that had swallowed her past.

Where am I?

Who am I?

She wasn't in a hospital bed for sure. The room she was in looked like a private home. A luxurious one. The bed had four columns draped with sheer ivory fabric. Rich, dark furniture contrasted with the pleasant, muted tones of the walls. Everything looked so expensively furnished and yet it looked so...alien. She didn't recognize this as her bedroom. Too fancy for her tastes-she was sure of it.

There were no photos hanging on the walls, only two large oil paintings depicting wooded landscapes. Across from her bed was a large fireplace flanked by two cozy high-backed chairs upholstered in fancy velvety print.

Her gaze drifted to a vanity mirror between the nightstand and the fireplace. She saw clothing folded on the vanity bench.

Eva scooted down.

Cool flooring touched her feet as she ambled to the bench to grab them. The clothing turned out to be a bedroom robe. She donned it. The fabric felt soft against her skin. It was a pretty one. For no reason, she just knew the fabric was silk. It was strange that she knew this while everything else about herself seemed to be a big jumble of haziness.

Who am I?

What am I doing here?

She tied the robe and whirled backward to face the vanity mirror. A stranger stared back. She blinked. My name is Eva. What's my last name? And why did I think I had been hurt?

She narrowed her eyes, scrutinizing her own reflection. She had a lush figure and pale complexion. Her reddish hair was cut just below her shoulder; it had been neatly combed but now was tousled from sleeping. She had blue eyes with an oval face and thin petulant lips. A curious face. She thought she looked like a startled mouse.

There.

She knew what a mouse was yet she couldn't remember who she was. This not-knowing-anything was starting to bug the hell out of her.

The door opened. A matronly woman came in bearing a tray with a pot of tea and cups. She was wearing a conservative dress with a spotless white apron. She looked to be in her early sixties but she moved with the agility of a person half her age. The porcelain cups jingled on the silver tray. White plumes of steam billowed from the teapot. A smile broke out on her face. She sighed with relief. "Thank goodness you're awake, child."

"Hello." Eva gave a tiny wave. "Who are you?"

The woman put the tray on a nearby table. "I'm Rosa. How do you feel?"

"Okay, I guess. I can't remember anything though."

"You don't know who you are?"

"I'm Eva. But that's just about it. Do you know who I am?"

"Oh dear." Rosa was crestfallen. "Mr. Caderyn should hear about this."

"Mr. Caderyn?"

"Liam Caderyn, my employer. I used to be his nanny. Changed his diapers when he was a baby. Now I'm taking care of his household."

Eva heard feet shuffling by the door. A moment later, a man entered the room. He paused when he saw her. His face lit up and a smile followed. Eva's heart stuttered.

The man was very good looking.

He was tall with a toned physique, broad shoulders, tapered waist, and long legs. His brown eyes were pools of melted bronze. His sun-kissed skin contrasted with the white polo shirt he wore, above the faded jeans. He was bare-footed. His hair was midnight black, gathered into a ponytail.

"Eva?" he called.

God gracious, he knew her name? He knew who she was and how she got here?

"You know me?" She found herself blushing. She didn't know why. Maybe because he was so stunning. Or maybe because of the way he was staring at her. He had dimples when he smiled and he looked as if he wanted to take a nibble and swallow her in one bite.

"Rosa, would you excuse us?" he asked. He had a deep, dulcet voice, dripping with authority.

The woman waved. "Sure, sure. Call me if you need anything." She shuffled to the door and closed it.

"How are you feeling?" the man asked. "You should stay in bed. You're still unwell."

"I feel pretty good. I'm sorry, I don't remember you."

He furrowed his lush brows. "What do you remember?"

"I know my name is Eva. That's about it."

"You don't remember anything else?"

Eva shook her head.

"Let's sit, love. Rosa has made you some tea." He took her hand and ushered her back to the bed.

A sudden vertigo slammed her head. She felt dizzy. Probably from standing up too long. She didn't know what had happened to her, but she felt as if she had been run over by a truck. Her hands and legs were shaky. She felt so groggy and weak. And the tea sounded like a good idea.

He poured her some tea into a cup and handed it over to her. She sipped it with delight. "If you don't mind me asking, who are you?"

The man gave her a long, measured look before finally answering. "Eva, I'm Liam. Your husband."

*

Liam didn't know why he blurted out such an outrageous lie, but at the moment it seemed like a good idea. He knew her name from the medical bracelet on her wrist: Eva Smith, but that was about it. At present, the private investigator he had hired was working to find out more information about her.

He didn't have the heart to tell her that he found her on the verge of death in his property. And how was he supposed to explain to her that his blood had brought her to life with no telltale signs of her injuries? A bullet in the head. Broken ribs. Broken fingers. Another bullet in her stomach and one in the chest. All miraculously healed within twenty-four hours. Besides, he needed to keep her within his sight. If he told her who she really was, he was afraid she would want to leave. He needed to monitor her healing progress. And there were people out there who wanted her dead. She wasn't safe out there.

Eva's eyes rounded, looking shocked. "I...I'm your wife?"

The problem with lies was that when you started one, you would soon need to begin embellishing it with more lies to make them stick. Liam gulped, trying to sound more convincing. "Yes. We're newly wedded."

"I don't remember anything."

"Clearly, you have amnesia, Eva."

She shook her head. "How ... how did I get..."

"You fell and bumped your head."

"Oh." She rubbed her right temple. "No wonder. I felt funny in here."

What had happened to her wasn't funny at all. It was miracle she had sustained a head trauma like that and lived. Humans were more resilient than he thought. Once, he saw a man on TV had taken a piece of metal rod through his skull and survived. It was a medical miracle. Or the grim reaper wasn't inclined to harvest his soul yet. "Are you hungry?"

"No." She paused. "Yes. I'm famished. But I have a lot of questions to ask you. What's my maiden name?"

"Smith." According to her medical bracelet, her name was Eva Smith. She was also diabetic. But Liam doubted she had diabetes anymore. When the blood magic brought her back to life, it would have also healed her from her any illness.

Liam studied her closely. He saw a great deal of improvement in her. At first he didn't think the blood magic would work. He had been waiting in trepidation after he fed her his blood. He brought her to the house and bathed her in the tub while waiting for the blood magic to do its work. A great worry lifted off his shoulders when he saw her wounds knitting closed. Her bones reset. Her gashes and bruises mended. When she was breathing normally, Liam was relieved that she would be okay.

With the healing over, he faced a new dilemma. She would ask questions and Liam didn't quite know how he would explain his secret to her. The moment he had her in his arms, he was filled with a surge of overbearing protection. What could she have done possibly that compelled someone to do terrible things to her? Random mugging? Revenge? Jealous boyfriend? She didn't strike him as a person who was able to commit such a horrible act that someone wanted to hurt her. No-not that angelic face. She didn't have rings on her so he safely assumed she wasn't married. Somehow, he felt that the two of them were alike. He had been hurt by Natalie's betrayal. And this woman... well, she was a victim of a heinous crime. He and Eva were connected. They were both wounded souls.

"Do I have family? Mother? Father? Sister? Brother?" she asked.

That, Liam didn't know. Anderson Cod, his private investigator, was working on her case at the moment. "Eva." He smiled. "I want you to take things slowly. You took a hard blow to the head."

"But..."

"Don't worry, love. Everything will come back to you eventually."

"I suppose you're right. It just jars me I can't remember anything about us. I feel like we're strangers."

"It will pass," Liam comforted her. "You just rest. I'll ask Rosa to bring you food."

"What's your name again?"

"Liam. Liam Caderyn."

"Liam," she repeated it as if his name was a mantra. "So I'm Eva Caderyn?"

"Yes." He had to admit that the name suited her very well. He liked it. He didn't know her at all, but he loved everything about her. From her smooth silky skin to her curvaceous figure, ample and filled up all in the right places. Her face was innocent like a child. She was beautiful without any makeup. What kind of monster would want to harm a woman like her? He silently vowed that he would protect her. No one would ever hurt her while she was under his watch. "Are you hungry? What are you in the mood for?"

"Anything. I'm so hungry I could eat a cow. Hey, how do I know that?"

Liam chortled. Rosa had warned him when Eva woke up she would want to eat. Blood magic always incited ravenous appetites. He planted a light kiss on her forehead. "I'll go tell Rosa. I'll call Doctor Hall to come and check on you too."

"Who's Doctor Hall?"

"He's our private physician."

"We have a private physician?"

"We can afford one, love."

"Oh. I suppose that's nice. Thank you."

"Not at all, love."

He left Eva with her tea and found Rosa in the kitchen in the process of assembling a sandwich.

The housekeeper glanced from her cooking and asked, "What did you tell her?"

"About?"

"Who she was? About you?"

Liam made a face. Discomfort ambushed him when he was confronted by the matronly woman. Rosa had been in the Caderyn family since her twenties. She wasn't a full-blooded dragon, but she had dragon blood in her. Rosa's mother was a Halfling and married to a human. The bloodline weakened. Because of it, Rosa couldn't shift. Only boys sired by a Halfling father and human mother retained their shifter ability. The blood remained strong on the patriarchal line.

"I told her I'm her husband," he confessed.

"Husband?" Rosa parroted in a mocking tone. "You're joking, right?"

"I'm afraid not. I panicked. I didn't think she'd wake up that soon."

"Blood magic has a powerful healing property, Mr. Caderyn. I'm surprised it took twenty-four hours to make her whole. Your mother needed only thirty minutes to recuperate from the bypass surgery after your father administered it."

He ran his fingers on his head. "If I tell her the truth, she'll leave. I can't let her go. What if she turns into one of us?"

"Have you forgotten? One is born as a dragon. Not made. Your mother received blood magic from your father and it didn't turn her into one."

About twenty years ago, his father had incited the rite so his mother would be given long life. But five years later, his father had an unfortunate accident that had taken his life. His mother died within months from grief. Dragons mated for life. Liam didn't know why his marriage with Natalie hadn't worked out. Once bonded, dragons wouldn't desire someone else. The more he thought about it, his marriage with Natalie had felt wrong from the beginning. He didn't feel the bond-an attachment between husband and wife like a pair of soul mates should have. Perhaps that was what had turned his marriage into a shambles.

He had thought Natalie was a perfect match. She came from pure blood dragon lineage. Their passion was fierce, smoldering. The moment he laid eyes on her, they couldn't keep their hands off each other.

But he had mistaken their strong attraction as a bond. A year into their marriage, the passion was gone, reducing them to a pair of strangers living in the same house, sharing the same bed. They had started fighting. Liam wanted to reconcile, but Natalie wasn't interested. One morning, she told him it was over and served him divorce papers. She left him for his best friend whom she had been seeing for months behind his back. He felt like a fool. A cuckolded husband.

He cleared his throat. "Eva can't know about the truth until she's ready. She's already been through a lot."

"Sooner or later, you need to tell her. What if she suddenly remembers who she was?"

"We're talking a big 'what if.'"

"Don't you want her to heal well?"

"Of course I do."

Rosa went busy slicing cucumber for a salad. "I personally think you sealed her fate when you initiated the rite, Mr. Caderyn. Whether you want it or not, she's yours. She's your bonded."

"Bonded." He snorted. "Natalie is currently living with my ex-best friend in the Bahamas, spending my money."

Rosa snorted. "That's not what I meant. Speaking of her, I don't understand about Natalie. I don't think she's your true bonded."

"Natalie is a pure-blood. Bairn House kept their lineage untainted back to the Celtic times."

"Sometimes you don't need a pure-blood to find the other half of your soul."

Liam contemplated. Rosa was right. His mother was human and their parents had a great marriage. "What can I tell Eva about when we got married? Engaged? Wedding ring. She'll want to see the wedding photos."

"Maybe you should march back in there and tell her the truth."

"No. I can't do that."

"You can't or won't?"

"I won't. I already dipped my foot in the water. Besides, I'm rather...fond of her. What should I tell her if she wants to know more?"

Rosa rolled her eyes. "Sometimes the best lies are the truth."

He considered her answer. "I'll think of something," he decided. He started to leave but then he remembered what brought him to the kitchen. "I need you to do something for me. I saw Eva in Natalie's robe. Why did you keep Natalie's clothes anyway?"

"Those are designer clothing. I meant to give them to charity, but didn't get the chance."

"Buy Eva a new wardrobe. I don't want to see her in Natalie's things."

"Boy, are we grumpy today?" Rosa snatched a towel and wiped her hands. "Fine. I'll run to Macy's later."

"I'll be in my office if you need me. And Eva is hungry." Liam wanted to call Anderson Cod to find out the progress of his investigation.

*

Eva clutched her cheeks while listening to the galloping pulse of her beating heart. She was married? To that handsome man? And she didn't have any recollection of any of it? How awful. She married a hottie and couldn't remember anything about him. What made them fall in love? How did they meet? When did they get married? So many questions and no answers. How long had they been married and why did he act like a stranger?

She had a headache. The revelation was too much.

Was their marriage in trouble?

Her discomfort turned into full-blown anxiety. It was bad enough she couldn't remember who she was. It was devastating that she couldn't remember anything about the man she loved and married.

Eva studied her hands. There were no rings. No engagement ring nor wedding ring.

Why didn't she wear her rings? Were they lost in her accident? Were they in the process of separation? Or worse, divorce? That would explain his awkwardness toward her. If they were going to divorce, Eva wished for a reconciliation. Liam was the only one she had. She felt so vulnerable right now and she didn't think she could face it alone. She needed someone. She needed him.

Her train of thoughts was suddenly distracted by a knock on the door.

Liam's housekeeper, Rosa, came in with a tray of food. The aroma made Eva's stomach growl. Did she smell chicken soup? She was famished.

"Hello, child. Here's your lunch. I bet you're hungry." Rosa put the tray by the nightstand.

"I am, actually."

"Good. Then eat up while it's still hot."

Eva craned her neck. "Chicken soup. Is it my favorite food?"

"Everybody loves my chicken soup. Mr. Caderyn wanted me to buy you some new clothes and essentials. Do you want something from Macy's?"

"Don't I have clothes in here?"

"No. Those are Natalie's."

"Who?"

"Mr. Caderyn's ex-wife . I haven't had a chance to donate them to charity. Mr. Caderyn didn't wish you to wear Natalie's clothes. He wanted me to buy new ones."

Eva widened her eyes. "Liam was married before?"

"Divorced, child. Three years ago. It's an old story."

"Oh." A pang of jealousy stabbed her. Liam kept his ex-wife's clothes while she, the woman he was currently married to, didn't have anything in the house they were sharing. She didn't even have her wedding ring. What was going on here? "What happened?"

"Natalie left Mr. Caderyn. She's a bad seed if you ask me."

"He's divorced and I can't remember being married to him. When did we get married?"

"Just recently."

"Are there any wedding photos I could see?"

Rosa smiled. "It's best that you ask Mr. Caderyn. I'm not allowed to tell you anything. He wanted to tell you himself, considering your injury. You should take things easy."

"Sorry. I was curious."

"I know, child. Have lunch and rest. What's your favorite color?"

"My favorite color?" Eva narrowed her eyes, thinking hard. "Do I have a favorite color? I can't remember."

"Do you like pink? Pastel colors?"

"Pink is pretty."

"All women love pink. I'll come later with your clothes. You take it easy, child."

"Thank you."

"Ah. You're so precious."

* * *

"Please have a seat, Mr. Cod. I hadn't expected you to come back so soon. It's only been a day since we talked on the phone," said Liam. He closed the door of his home office and ushered the private investigator to the plush couches in front of the fireplace. Liam was about to talk to Eva when Rosa announced he had a visitor.

"The case turned out to be an interesting one." Anderson Cod took out a large brown envelope from his trench coat before sinking his trunk-like body onto the sofa. He extracted the contents of the envelope. News clipping. Eight-by-ten photos. Police reports. Some classified documents.

Liam grabbed a paper and started reading with a sinking feeling. Like Liam had feared, the injuries inflicted against her weren't just some random assaults. They were carried out by professional killers.

Eva Smith a.k.a Eva Walker was a librarian who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. One night after working late, she witnessed a man being murdered in the parking lot by a gang of men. The victim, Sanford Thomas, turned out to be a local businessman with ties to the Russian mafia.

He read news clippings about the Russian mafia boss dated a few months prior. The testimony from Eva, the prosecutor's star witness, was what convinced the jury to return with the guilty verdict. It warranted Anton Kovalenko behind bars forever. No wonder the vor wanted her dead. One way or another, anyone who betrayed the vor would pay. Liam felt an inward shudder course through his veins.

"She's in the witness protection program?"

"What a joke that was." Cod snorted. "The Feds gave her new identities, but her medical history was tied up to her old name."

"I know she's diabetic. How did you find out she was in the witness protection program?"

"Wasn't hard to find. Whoever created her new identity did a half-ass job."

"Then I assume Eva has a handler."

"She has. Her name is Mariah Jones. She works in the State Department."

"Does Jones know Eva is missing?"

"My guess is no. The place where Eva worked hadn't known she was missing. Eva was abducted on Friday. Today's Sunday. Perhaps on Monday if Eva doesn't show up for work, they'll start making inquiries."

"Don't you think there's a federal agent who's checking on her on a daily basis to make sure she's all right?"

"Perhaps before the trial. Since Eva gave her testimony against Anton Kovalenko, it seems to me she has been discarded."

Liam pondered upon it. He felt disgusted. "I wish Eva's whereabouts to remain secret."

Anderson Cod stared unblinking.

"For now," added Liam. "She's suffering from amnesia. She couldn't remember anything but her name. I don't wish this information to aggravate her trauma."

"Of course, Mr. Caderyn. I'm surprised that Ms. Walker survived the ordeal at all."

"She's lucky."

"Forgive me for asking, you said she had a concussion?"

Liam hadn't told Anderson Cod the whole story. He just said that he had found her in the stream with a head injury. He had employed Cod ever since he started running his business. Cod used to be his chief of security officer. But since Liam retired, Cod went solo with his new PI firm. Even though he and Cod went way back, the private investigator didn't know the true nature of Liam himself, a secret closely guarded in Liam's inner circle. "Yes," he answered.

"Ms. Walker had testified against the boss of the vory v zakone. They are unforgiving son of the bitches if you ask me. When they send vors out to hunt, those men make sure the victim is dead before disposing of their body. They usually cut the fingers of the victims and pull the teeth to make identification impossible. They call it 'professionally processed'. They have men that specialize in disposing of bodies. The fact that Ms. Walker only suffered a concussion makes her very lucky."

"Maybe she got away." Yeah, right. Three bullet wounds. Broken bones. Numerous cuts and bruises. Eva was an extremely lucky girl.

"I have another favor to ask you," Liam said. "Perhaps you could go to her apartment and pick up several of her things? Sentimental items, like her photo albums, diary, and such? If that's no trouble for you."

"No trouble at all."

"I figure Eva would like those mementos to help with her recovery."

"Of course."

"I assume you'll be very careful about this? I'd hate to think that the men who did this to her might be watching her place."

"Thank you for your concern, Mr. Caderyn, but you know I'm a professional."

"I imagine snooping on a mob victim isn't like being a chief of security officer. At least corporate spies aren't inclined to cut your fingers or remove all your teeth."

"You never know what one will do to cover up a secret, sir. Well, if there's nothing else, I'd like to get going with my work." Anderson Cod rose from his seat.

Liam stood up and shook his hand. "Thank you for helping Eva."

"No trouble at all, sir."

Liam saw the private investigator to the door. "Call me if you find something new."

Cod nodded.

Chapter Three

After a bowl of chicken soup, a chicken salad sandwich, and a cup of ice tea, Eva felt sleepy. But she didn't give into the temptation to curl back in bed and take an afternoon snooze. Instead, she went to the bathroom to take a long bath. While waiting for the tub to fill, she raided the dresser for clothes other than Liam's ex-wife. She didn't understand why she didn't have personal belongings in this house. They were married right? Albeit newly-weds like he said. She should have some clothes in the house where they were living together.

The realization made her pause.

They were married and she didn't even sleep in Liam's bed. Judging from the lack of male possessions in this room, she was sure this wasn't even their bed. Was this a guest bedroom? What kind of marriage were they having?

Eva spread her fingers in front of her. Suddenly she wanted like to cry. She didn't even have a wedding ring. She didn't know why she felt weepy. She was sure she wasn't all mopey and whiny like this. Since when did she become a wuss?

Eva took a deep breath of exasperation.

Were they really married?

Ugh.

Biting her lip, she yanked open the bottom drawer. She found white men's undershirts and boxer shorts. Ha! She looked at them with triumph. Liam's clothes. She grabbed a pair and shoved the drawer shut. Liam shouldn't mind if she borrowed his things. There was no way she would put on his ex's clothes. And after her bath, she would march out of this room and find him and demand explanations. She didn't care if she was trying too hard to remember. These unanswered questions were driving her insane....

After the bath, she put on Liam's boxers and undershirt, combed her hair, and set out to find him. She was about to turn the doorknob when Liam beat her to it. He stood speechless in the doorframe. Apparently, he was amused by her choice of fashion. A smile blossomed on his handsome face.

"Lovely," he said.

Eva looked down and saw what he meant. Her lush boobs tented the shirt, leaving little to the imagination. She pursed her lips. Her cheeks heated. "Well. There's no way I'd wear her stuff."

It took him seconds to realize what she meant. "I'm sorry, love." He entered the room and closed the door behind him. "Why don't we talk about this?"

"Sure. Just the things I'd like to ask you. I don't feel that we're really ma..." Her words trailed off when he held out his palm. Well, not actually his palm...he had something in his palm. Something gleaming. Rings. "What are those?"

Liam settled himself in a chair and hooked an arm around her waist. He pulled her closer. Eva sat on his lap.

"These are yours." He took her left hand and slipped a platinum ring with a big Ceylon sapphire surrounded by glittering diamonds on her finger. "This is your engagement ring. It was my mother's. And this..." He slipped on another ring, a simple gold one with one paved diamond, "...is our wedding ring. I thought you'd like to have them back."

Eva turned to him. "Have them back? What did I do to them?"

"You were upset." He shook his head. "It was my fault."

"What? What did I do?"

"We had an argument. You left."

"And chucked out my rings?"

Liam only sighed.

Eva felt horrible. She acted like a bratty kid. "And my clothes too? My stuff?"

"It's my fault, love. I shouldn't make you upset."

"What were we fighting about?"

"I don't think we should discuss it right now. You're recovering. Doctor Hall will have my neck if he finds out I let you strain yourself."

Eva stared at the rings. They were beyond beautiful. And from the look of them, each ring cost a great deal of money. Her gaze cut to Liam's ring finger. He was wearing an identical wedding ring. His and hers. A pair. Wedded. For better or for worse. Why on Earth would she throw away the symbol of their union? Had she lost her mind?

"So what? We had a fight and I decided to throw away my rings and all my clothes and walk away naked?"

Her theory earned a chuckle from him. "You were wearing your clothes when you left. Rosa had to throw them out because they were covered in mud."

"What did I do?"

"You walked in the wood and fell and bumped your head. Hades found you."

"Hades?"

"Our dog. A retriever."

"Oh." Eva clutched her chest. "Liam, I feel horrible for all this."

"Hey, it's not your fault. I told you I was being a dick. Will you forgive me?"

She couldn't say no. Especially when she didn't remember anything. How could he say this was his fault when so far, he had been nothing but nice. "I'm sorry too for being so childish." She hugged him and buried her face in the hollow of his throat. Liam stiffened for a second before wrapping his arms around her, drawing her deeper into his embrace. She could hear his heartbeat as his warmth radiated from his body and enveloped hers blissfully. "How did we meet, Liam?"

"At Navy Pier."

Eva straightened. "Oh, what did I do? How?"

"I have a yacht in the pier. One morning, I went to the deck and saw you floating in the water. I went in to get you and took you to the hospital. You don't remember anything about how you got there."

"What? When did this happen?"

"About a month ago. The police are working on your case. If it's any consolation, I also employed a private investigator. I didn't think you got into the water by accident."

"Do you think someone was trying to kill me?"

"One of the possibilities."

"And how about the police? Can't they check my fingerprints for ID?"

"Nothing came out in the system. Listen, this is why I want to take things slowly. Everything will come back to you eventually."

"You think?"

"That's what the doctor said."

"Oh. And along the way, we decided to get married?"

He smiled again. Eva's heart did the skippy dance. "I married you so I have custody of you. The State would take you to the institution because of your condition. Besides, I fell in love with you. Can't you see?"

Eva was flustered. He loves me. Here she was, a Jane Doe, a nobody with no memory, no friends and no family, and a man like him was kind enough to care for her and marry her. And how did she repay him? With a tantrum of chucking out the rings and her clothes like a spoiled three-year-old. She thought she deserved to slip in the mud and smash her head. She was a horrible person. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I was being unreasonable. With the fight, running away, and bumping my head. You've done so much for me and I didn't appreciate it."

"Babe."

She hugged him and hid her face in his chest. "I don't want to lose you."

She heard a sharp inhalation from him. She looked up and suddenly he found her lips. He kissed her.

The kiss was exquisite. It turned her brain into scramble and melted all bones into gel. He was possessive, kissing her as if he wanted to brand his soul on hers. Eva couldn't think. She instinctively wound her arms around his neck. Liam deepened his kiss. She pressed her body against him. She could feel the hardness at the juncture of his thighs. Goodness, he was aroused. And she was too. He touched her, slipping his hand underneath the white shirt she was wearing. Her heart drummed. Heat flushed to her head. And when he was about to touch her breast and nipple, someone knocked on the door.

Liam broke the kiss. He withdrew his hand. Eva lamented her loss.

"Eva? Are you up, child?" Rosa opened the door and poked her head in. "Oh, I'm sorry to disturb you, Mr. Caderyn. I'll come back later."

"That's okay, Rosa. What's up?"

"I have Ms. Eva's new clothes."

"Bring them in and put them on the bed."

"Yes, Mr. Caderyn."

Eva locked gazes with Liam. She flushed again. She wanted to get up from Liam's lap and sit on the other chair, but he didn't allow her. Liam tightened his embrace instead. They watched Rosa put her purchases on the bed.

"Sorry, again." Rosa stalked back to the door.

"Never mind. We're just talking."

Rosa just smiled. The word 'right' emanated from every fiber of her being. She withdrew in silence. When she was about to close the door, a big orange furry thing shot past her, knocking the door wide open.

"Woof!"

It was a big goofy golden retriever. His ears flopped as he braked to a halt in front of them.

"Eva," said Liam. "I want you to meet Hades."

Chapter Four

Cod had said Eva Walker had worked as a librarian in Brighton Beach. She was orphaned at eleven and moved from foster home to foster home until she was eighteen. Her parents died in a house fire when she only ten months old. Her aunt took care of her until she had a heart attack ten years later. Eva didn't have any family.

Cod had planned to fly to New York to dig up more information about Eva. Liam was interested in Eva's social life, to see if she had been romantically involved in the past. Liam wanted her. And he needed to know if she had someone special in her past life. The last thing he wanted to do was take someone's girl.

On second thought, it was kind of late for that.

He had given her the blood rite. Whether she wanted it or not, she was bonded to him.

Liam opened Eva's dairy and started to read it. Anderson Cod had returned to the house with his findings. Cod had scoured Eva's apartment in Lincoln Park and came back with a few items. Some photos and the diary. Cod reported that Eva didn't have many belongings. Furniture and clothes were newly purchased and non-descript, which wasn't surprising considering Eva's life had been practically uprooted after she witnessed what shouldn't have been seen. Liam fingered the diary. It was newly purchased and didn't contain many entries. He felt like a peeping tom reading someone's diary, but he was curious. He needed to know if it contained anything that gave away Eva's predicament before he gave it back to her. He didn't want Eva scrambled when confronting her dire past.

May 23

Dear Diary,

Today I started my first day in the Arcana Foundation. My supervisor Flores gave me a crash course about restoring old documents. This job is interesting. Too bad I can't read Latin. Maybe I should take a course. My co-workers seemed nice, but they were all geeks though. *heavy sigh* I think it would be too much to ask for someone interesting in this line of work. I think I'll fit right in. Even though I'm surrounded with people, I feel so lonely...

Liam paused. Lonely. He knew the feeling. He enjoyed his reclusiveness, but sometimes he longed for someone to talk to. Someone special he could share his personal thoughts and emotions with. Someone who should be his bonded, unlike Natalie, who preferred an asshole human lawyer who used to be his best friend. The world had gone to hell in a hand-basket these days. A dragon betrayed her husband over a human lover. Those things were unheard of in the old days.

Liam read the next entry.

June 15

Dear Diary,

Ms. Jones gave me a bank card for three month's advancements and a tidy sum to buy new furniture and stuff I need. From now on, our meetings will be limited. She gave me a number to contact her if I'm in trouble. She told me to only call her if it's really important. She said I should be safe now. No one would know what I did before. I am a new person. Reborn.

Crap, Liam thought. Now he couldn't give the diary to her. He was hoping she wouldn't mention any of the witness protection program experience.

June 26

I feel like someone is following me from work. I tried to call Ms. Jones. The number she gave me was no longer in service. I fear for my safety.

What? Liam straightened up in his seat. Jones just dumped her after Eva testified and practically gave up her life to win the case? He leafed through pages to read more of Eva's diary, but there were no more entries. He found Eva on the 28th. She must have been attacked the day after she wrote her last entry. Anger bubbled in Liam's chest. How could they discard one's life after she no longer served their purpose?

Liam hated injustice. With his connections and money, he could make inquiries and make the people who deserted Eva pay. This would mean he would have to step out of his hermitic life and into the spotlight.

For Eva...he would do anything for her.

Liam slammed the diary closed and gathered the photos sprawled on his desk and piled them into a neat stack.

If he wanted to make war with the state department, that meant he must confess to Eva about everything. His heart felt heavy. Not because he had to come clean. He was worried how Eva was going to take it. He couldn't keep lying forever. He loved her too much to do that.

Rosa once said the truth would set you free.

Would the truth set her free if it meant destroying her first?

* * *

Liam was about to jump into bed when he heard someone knock on his bedroom door. He opened it. His heart leapt. Eva was by his door, wearing a pink nightgown. She had ditched his boxers and undershirt. She looked so beautiful. Heat slowly rose within him. His cock twitched just by watching her like that. Damn.

"Yes?"

"Is something wrong?" she asked.

Liam couldn't figure out what she meant.

"Why do we sleep in separate rooms if we are married? Are you mad at me?"

Duh. He hadn't thought about this. He didn't mind sleeping in the same bed. But if he did, he would take advantage of her. That felt dickish.

"I'm not mad at you. Come in." Liam stepped aside.

Now she hesitated. "I..."

"I'm not gonna bite you."

She cringed. "Actually, I wouldn't mind if you do."

His turn to cringe.

"Too forward?"

"I like blunt women." Liam offered his hand. "Come."

"Have we..." she faltered.

"Yes?"

"Consummated our wedding?"

"No."

She looked stricken. "Why not?"

"Because of your amnesia. I... we wanted to wait until you got better."

"Sex isn't rocket science. I know how to have sex."

"Do you? Then what are we waiting for?" he teased.

"Well. Maybe, you're right. Maybe we'd better wait..."

"Eva." Liam held her hand and tugged her into his room gently. "Doesn't mean we can't share a bed." He wanted to kick himself after he said that. He promised himself he didn't want to take advantage of her, but he couldn't help it. It had been a while since he was with a woman. A long while.

Eva hesitated. But then she stepped in, allowing herself to be herded into the bed. Liam pushed the cover down and tapped the mattress. "Come."

She timidly sat while gawking at his room. Liam liked a minimalist style in his bedroom. He only kept a bed with two nightstands, with the walls painted chocolate brown, beige drapery with the whole scheme in an array of mono tones, easy to the eyes and promoting sleep. A white flower plant perched on Liam's side of the nightstand, providing a contrasting yet relaxing coloration. Liam slipped under the covers. He wore a white undershirt and short boxers. He liked the feeling of bare feet against the freshly cleaned sheet. But tonight he wasn't just smelling freshly laundered bedding. There was another scent present in the room.

The scent of a woman.

She didn't wear perfume or anything. But Liam could smell her fresh soap and the very scent of her. Feminine. Eva smelled so damn good.

Eva climbed into bed tentatively and settled in under the comforter. Liam leaned on his side and stroked her hair lovingly. "Well?"

She giggled. "It feels weird."

"Weird?"

"I don't know. I feel like we just met. Like we're strangers. But somehow it kinda feels right. It's like I've known you before, a long, long time ago. It's just so right. Funny, don't you think?"

This was how a bonded should feel. They hadn't even been intimate yet they felt a deeper connection. After his failed marriage, Liam suspected the dragon bonded was just a myth. But now... He'd take it all back. Being with her was wonderful. It was like finding his other half that had been missing all his life.

"I don't think it's funny," he told her, scooting closer and draping an arm across her. "Maybe we are meant to be."

"That sounds so cliche."

"You think? How do you know that's cliche? You have amnesia."

"I don't know, I just know."

"We're cliche? Or us being cliche?"

"I know what cliche means."

"Hmm. Come closer. I want to feel your body against mine."

Eva obeyed. "This is nice," she said after a few minutes.

"I know."

A comfortable silence stretched between them.

"Liam?"

"Yes, love?"

"Why do we want to wait? Is there something wrong with me?"

"Because of your condition."

"My amnesia?"

"Yes."

"Is that a problem with you?"

He caressed her lips with his thumb. Her lips were full and sensuous. Made to be kissed. "No. Yeah. Not that much. We want to wait until you remember who you are."

"Why?"

"Because I would feel like a jerk when one day you remember everything and you had someone special in your life before you met me."

"I don't think I have."

"How can you be sure?"

"A hunch?"

"Mm."

"Liam?"

"Yes, babe?"

"Would you...hug me?"

"Babe..." Liam drew her into his arms. She nestled in. Her body was perfect, as if she was made just for him. She hid her face in his chest. Warmth spread from her. It was...heavenly, having her like this. So close. Intimate. Comforting. Nothing else mattered at the moment. Slowly, he felt himself hardening. She noticed it too.

"Liam..." She slipped a hand on his boxers, groping his erection.

God. Naughty girl...

"Eva," he croaked.

"I know you want me."

"I do..."

"So?"

How could he explain to her that he had lied to her... about almost everything? Their faked marriage. Her past? It wouldn't feel right if he bedded her after all the lies he'd shoved down her throat. Except when he told her he loved her. He had meant that. And he still did. He'd fallen in love with her the moment he cared her back to life. "We'd better wait."

Eva sighed in disappointment.

Liam took her hand and bestowed a kiss on it. He found her lips and kissed her passionately. She returned it with the same heat. So full of hunger. The heat turned into full-blown lust. Liam broke the kiss. "Lean on your side," he ordered.

"Why?"

"Just do it."

She did what he asked. Liam scooped himself behind her; he snaked a hand underneath her nightgown and up to the juncture of her thighs. She stiffened.

"Liam..."

"Shh."

Eva lay on her back and kissed him on the mouth. He slipped his hand beneath her panties and petted her pussy. He parted her curls and found her clitoris. She sighed happily. Liam captured her nub with his thumb and forefinger. He tugged and twisted it in such a way that she bucked with the rhythm. She tore from her kiss.

"Liam..."

"Do you like it?"

She smiled shyly and nodded.

"Good."

Liam inserted a finger inside her. She was very wet. He could smell her femininity even through the panties and the nightgown she was wearing. It hit him like a potent aphrodisiac. His cock became impossibly harder. It took all of his will power not to pull her underneath him and claim her on the spot.

In due time, he thought. When she gets better.

But at the moment, there was nothing wrong in pleasuring her.

Eva ground her sex against his palm. Pure heat seared his hand. He slipped another finger into her depths. The slick curves of her pussy were saturated with her own luxurious oil, bathing his fingers. Liam stroked deeper and curled his finger so he hit that coveted special spot. It wasn't hard to find hers. The moment he rubbed it, her body tensed and went rigid. Three, four, and five strokes, then she shuddered exquisitely. She came hard.

"Liam!"

"Shh, love. Come for me."

Eva seized his shoulder and hid her face in the hollow of his throat. Her pussy gripped his fingers. He kept stroking her as she rode the ecstasy. Her cries subsided as her climax faded away. He withdrew his fingers. Her scent permeated the air and he couldn't resist tasting her luxurious juices. "Yum," he told her.

Eva blinked and smothered him with greedy, starving kisses. "Thank you," she whispered.

"For you, love, I'll do anything."

* * *

Liam had gone when she woke up in the morning. A note was left on his side of the bed.

Hey, beautiful. Gone to do some errands. Will be back before lunch.

Love,Liam

Her heart gave a little dance. Love, Liam. He thought she was beautiful. And he loved her. How thrilling. Eva scooted to his side of the bed, looking for his warmth. He had been gone long obviously. She took a peek at the clock. Ten. Boy, she was sleeping in late. But she could still smell him. She didn't know why but a whiff of his masculine fragrance calmed her. She felt loved and protected. She didn't feel they were strangers anymore. She still couldn't remember much about him, but somehow she felt connected.

They were married. He loved her. He might have married her for custody reasons, but she felt she had a lifetime to know him. He was all she had. She was one lucky girl.

Eva decided to take a shower and get dressed in new clothes that Rosa had bought her. This morning she chose a pretty yellow sundress with little straps on the shoulders. She removed the tag after widening her eyes at the price. Four hundred bucks. For a dress. Eva was pretty sure in her former life she had never spent that much money on a single dress.

However, she looked pretty in it and was quite pleased with her appearance. Rosa greeted her warmly when Eva flounced into the kitchen.

"Good morning, sunshine. How did you sleep?" Rosa asked.

Her cheeks heated. "I slept soundly."

Rosa chuckled. "Have some breakfast, won't you?"

"I am hungry."

"Good. I'm going to make you my killer omelet."

"Goodie."

Eva pulled out a chair and sat as Rosa busied cracking eggs and whipped her a delicious fluffy omelet. She served her breakfast with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. Nothing store-bought in Rosa's kitchen. It seemed she liked everything fresh.

Eva shoveled her food with gusto. "This is delicious, Rosa."

"Why thank you, child."

"I don't think I've ever tasted an omelet this good."

"You flatter me."

"I'm not. I'm pretty sure of it. Even though I'm still hazy about everything."

"You still don't remember anything?"

"Sadly, no. I do know I like pink and an omelet is my favorite food."

"You poor child."

Eva grinned. "How was she? Natalie?" Eva was curious.

"Her?" Rosa snorted. "She's not worth mentioning."

"Well, I just want to know why Liam and she decided to get divorced."

"She cheated on Mr. Caderyn."

Eva widened her eyes. "She did? But why?"

"That, child, I don't really know. Perhaps she was bored of him. Perhaps she was into Mr. Caderyn's money."

"Oh. He's pretty well off, isn't he? He could afford a private physician."

"He is. And Doctor Hall is a family friend. He's supposed to come and examine you today."

"Liam left a note. Does Liam have siblings?"

"A younger sister. Caitlyn. She lives in North Side."

"North Side?"

"Winnetka. She has a cute son, Brandon. That little button was two years old last month. Mr. Caderyn babysits him once in a while."

Good-looking. Kind. And good with kids. He was definitely a keeper. "What about Liam's parents? Are they still alive?"

"Sadly no. Mr. Caderyn Senior died in a car accident a few years back. Mrs. Caderyn was heartbroken and died soon after."

"Oh, I'm so sorry."

"Me too. They were really close. Soul mates, I'd say."

Eva shoveled a mouthful of eggs and chewed. "Do you believe in soul mates?"

"Of course I do. Caderyns always marry their soul mate. Except for Natalie, of course. I don't know what's wrong with her. They looked perfect from the outside, but you never truly know a person's heart."

Soul mates. Eva still didn't know much about Liam. But when they were together, it felt so right. Were they soul mates? Thinking about him made her blush. Rosa noticed it. She laughed and patted Eva's hand.

"He's good for you. Make him happy and you will be happy too for the rest of your life."

"He's so kind to me."

"And he's not bad-looking too." Rosa winked. "I know he can drive women crazy with one look. Oh, does he have fans."

"Does he?" Eva laughed with her.

"Before he turned into a recluse."

Eva sipped the juice. It tasted so fresh. "Why did he do that?"

"Because of the scandal with Natalie. It was all over the news, you know? The press wouldn't give him a break. They hounded him night and day. It was a circus."

"Really?" Eva shook her head. "I don't understand why someone would leave a man like Liam."

"Like I said, you never know inside one's heart."

So true. Eva couldn't imagine leaving a man like him. Her heart ached just by thinking about it. "I'm so lucky to have him."

"And he's lucky to have you. Be good to him, won't you? He has been through a lot."

Eva blushed again. "I will."

* * *

Liam called just before lunch to say that he was going to be late. He asked her how she was feeling. Eva went bubbly with his attention. She felt special and she didn't think she was special before...before she lost her memory. She didn't miss it. Not one bit. She had him. It was more than enough to make a woman happy.

"Do you want anything before I drive home?" he asked on the phone.

"No, I'm fine."

"You sure. Maybe you're in the mood for something. Pizza? Fruits? Godiva chocolate."

"Chocolate sounds good. Do I like chocolate?"

"Babe, every woman loves chocolate."

Eva laughed. "See you when you get home."

"Love you."

She paused. "Love you too."

Silence stretched on the other end. "Do you mean it?"

"I do, Liam."

"You're so cute." Then he disconnected.

A rush of giddiness surged through her. He loved her and he thought she was cute. She volunteered to help Rosa make dinner, but Rosa said she didn't need help. Eva then played with Hades while waiting for Liam to get home. She chased him from room to room while admiring the house. Out of all the rooms, Liam's bedroom was the barest of all. Others were nicely furnished without being tacky. Liam's home office looked grand with wall-to-wall rich walnut wainscot and intricate moldings. A set of leather chairs graced the fireplace. His desk was rather bare. Only a laptop and a book were on the surface. Eva stepped closer. There were photos stacked on top of the book. She looked closer.

Hey, it was photos of her!

She grabbed them and started to leaf through them. A photo taken on the beach; she was wearing a one-piece swimsuit, laughing. Somehow she just knew it was Coney Island boardwalk. Another picture snapped at what seemed to be an office. Her office. No, more like a library. Hey, how did she know that was a library? Eva scrutinized the other people in the photos, trying to refresh her memory. Everything was blank. Those people were as much strangers as Liam was.

A frisson of trepidation shot through her.

Why had Liam lied? How did he get her things? He said he found her in the water. Did he know who she was? She tried hard to remember but nothing came to her. He said he'd hired a private investigator because she wasn't showing up in any system. If she was just a regular Jane Doe, how did he get hold of her personal items? If she was found in the water, she wouldn't bring photos with her, would she?

Eva snatched the book; it was a diary. She started reading. She recognized the handwriting as hers. Just to make sure, she scoured Liam's desk for a pen and paper. She scribbled on it and compared it to the diary. No doubt. This was her handwriting. The diary was hers.

Sitting on Liam's chair, she devoured its contents. There wasn't much of it. Only three pages long, dated from late May. After she finished, she was filled with a thousand more unanswered questions. Dread seized her by the throat and was ready to shake her like a rag doll. The diary might not tell her much, but it contained some important information. She had just started a new life. She worked in the Arcana Foundation, restoring old documents, and she had a confidante named Ms. Jones.

Did Liam know about the Arcana Foundation? His private investigator could go there and ask who she was.

What about Ms. Jones? Why did this woman give her money? And why did she fear for her safety?

Eva drummed her fingers on the surface of the desk. She could confront Liam when he got back, to see what he had to say.

Or she could find out where the Arcana Foundation was and show up there to see if anybody recognized her.

She really should wait for Liam, but damn it, she was curious.

Curiosity or safety.

Damn.

Curiosity won.

Eva opened Liam's laptop and powered it on. A password-protected login prompted her. She clicked around and found out she could login as guest. After her access was approved, she opened up a browser and searched for the Arcana Foundation. It was a private library located in downtown Chicago. She got the address and jotted it onto a pad of paper.

Now, there was a problem as to how to get there. She could call a cab, but she didn't have any cash. Liam could pay it, a part of her suggested. Have the cab pick her up and let the meter run while she went in and made some inquiries. Then, after she finished, the cab could take her home and have Liam pick up the tab. He wouldn't be pleased she sneaked around like that, but hell, this was her life. She needed to know. Not being able to remember anything was driving her insane.

Sounded like a plan.

Eva researched for a cab company and placed a call. She waited outside, sneaking away from Hades and Rosa. Twenty minutes later, the cab came. Before she left, she had scribbled a note for Liam. She hoped he wouldn't be angry with her, but finding out her identity was important to her. He should understand.

Chapter Five

Liam had a bad feeling when he pulled into the driveway. Rosa was waiting for him under the portico with Hades on a leash. Her face looked worried. She tapped the window as Liam put the car in park. He rolled it down.

"Ms. Eva has gone," Rosa said. She didn't wait until he took off his seat belt. "She called a taxi and went to a place called the Arcana Foundation."

"What? When?"

"About twenty minutes ago. I tried to call you but you didn't pick up your phone."

"I was busy. How did she know about the Arcana Foundation?"

"I read a note she left on your desk."

"What did it say?"

"That she needed to meet some people where she once worked, then she would go straight home."

Fuck, fuck, fuck. "Which home? Her apartment?"

"She has an apartment? What else didn't you tell me, Mr. Caderyn?"

Shit. "I'll explain later. Did she remember anything?"

"That-I don't know."

"I have to go."

"She didn't have money with her. How did she pay the taxi?"

"I don't know. Call Cod and tell him to return to Chicago immediately."

"All right, sir."

Liam put the car in gear and back out. He slammed the gas into the street.

A slice of fear went through him, chilling his heart. Eva, what did you remember?

"You'll wait, right?" Eva asked the cab driver.

"I've got to keep the meter running, though."

"No problem. I need you to take me home. It will only be ten or fifteen minutes."

"Sure, Miss."

"Thank you." Eva got out of the cab. The Arcana Foundation building stood on the corner of a business district complex. Eva slammed the door and walked to the steps to the main entrance. Inside, she took an elevator to the second story. As soon as she got out, the small lobby of Arcana Foundation greeted her. Since she didn't see any receptionist, she let herself into the main reception area. It was lunch time. Several people breezed in and out of the office. One of them did a double take at her.

"Eva?" the woman asked. She was tall with a dark complexion and her hair was twisted into a tight bun.

"Yes?"

"What are you doing showing up this late? You have Grimoire to restore." The woman peeled off from her companions and flounced toward her. "Are you okay? You look a little off today."

"Um, I know it may sound weird, but do I know you?"

"What's wrong with you? I'm Magda Flores, your supervisor? Hello?"

"Sorry, I do feel under the weather. May I ask you a question? Do you know where I live?"

The woman went speechless for long seconds. "Follow me. Mr. Harrison asked for you earlier."

Eva tailed her into the maze of cubicles and hallways, into the right wing of the building that apparently housed thousands of old and precious tomes. The temperature was climate-controlled. Everyone she saw in that section was wearing masks and gloves while handling fragile parchments and bibliophiles' paraphernalia.

Magda Flores took her into the director's sanctum. The name Herbert Harrison III was written in gold ink and gleamed from a plague mounted on a mahogany door. The office sanctum was as pretentious as Herbert's name. Gold floral upholstered sofas. Rococo-style furniture. Velvet draperies with gold tassels. Bleh. Eva stalked behind Flores cautiously, trying hard to recall anything that could jog her memory. So far nothing. Nada.

Mr. Harrison himself was a portly man of about fifty; at a glance he looked like a Pillsbury Doughboy dressed in a suit. Light hair. Pink cheeks. He wasn't the kind of man people would take seriously, even though he seemed to be trying hard to make himself to be one.

He waved to Ms. Flores, dismissing her from the room. He cleared his throat. "Ms. Smith." He shot her a nasty look. "What the hell are you doing here?"

"I don't know. I don't remember. Would it be too crazy if I told you that I bumped my head and now I have amnesia?"

"What are you saying?"

"I don't remember anything. I was hoping you could help me jog my memory. Where do I live? What is my job?"

"You're kidding me."

"I swear I'm not."

Mr. Harrison rose from his seat. Anger made his cheeks flush red. "That explains everything. You shouldn't have come here. I really don't want to do this."

She didn't see it coming. Mr. Harrison hit her on the head with a vase. One second she was fine. Seconds later she saw only blackness engulf her vision...

* * *

Her head hurt. Slowly, her consciousness swam back to the surface. What the hell happened? She moaned quietly. She found herself bound by the wrists and ankles. She was still in Harrison's office. Only Harrison wasn't alone. He had two guests. Two tall men in crisp suits. Men with tattoos. vory v zakone.

She remembered everything.

She was supposed to be dead. These men had shot her and dumped her body into the river. She didn't know how the hell she even survived.

Liam, the man with the dragon wings.

The man who had fed her his own blood.

The man who claimed to be her husband.

Thinking about him made heat rush to her head. But, hell, he also lied to her.

"Great, now she's started coming out of it. Get rid of her from my office." Mr. Harrison was frothing. "This should be the last I hear from you. I'm cooperating. You have to leave my family alone from now on. I gave you what you want."

Eva's head spun processing this information. Harrison was the one who had sold her out to the vor. That bastard. Harrison knew her arrangement with the State office and he promised her sanctuary. How could he betray her like this?

One of the vor yanked her from the chair she was sitting in. She dropped onto the floor like a sack of potatoes. Unceremoniously, the vor hoisted her into an open trunk on the floor. Eva tried to protest. The other vor gagged her with a rag. With her head still spinning and her muscles weak, she was helpless. They crammed her into the trunk, forcing her into a fetal position, and locked it. A claustrophobic panic seized her. Her lungs didn't seem to hold enough oxygen. She tried to scream for help; nothing but a muffled grunt came out of her throat. She squirmed against her bonds. Even then, she barely had enough strength to make a noise to let people know she was trapped in the trunk.

In the pitch blackness, she felt the trunk being wheeled out of Harrison's office, into the maze of the Arcana Foundation and finally into the back of the car. No. Van? SUV? She heard the door slam shut and the vehicle drove away.

Eva wanted to cry. She had cheated death once and because of her curiosity, she had landed into the hands of her killers. Again. She didn't see a way out of it this time.

It would be the end of her.

*

Liam drove like a maniac to downtown Chicago, speeding through red lights and intersections. Luckily, he didn't get caught by cops and given tickets. A thousand emotions boiled in his chest, a thousand questions filled his mind. He wanted to kick himself for leaving Eva's diary and photos out in the open. Naturally, she would be curious after she saw all that. He hadn't calculated she would be bold enough to go out sleuthing about her past.

Damn it. What if the people who wanted her dead got wind that she wasn't really dead? Her safety was compromised. A sudden headache slammed his head. He worried about what might happen to her. A woman without memory strolling down the loop without any identification or money. That was a recipe for disaster.

He found the Arcana Foundation's address with his smart phone and drove to the place. He parked illegally and swarmed out like an angry bee ready to sting. He took an elevator to the second floor and inquired for Eva's supervisor. He remembered Eva's diary had given her name as Magda Flores. Ten minutes later, the woman came down the reception area.

"Hello, I'm Liam Caderyn. I'm looking for a woman named Eva Smith. I believe she came here earlier."

"Yes, she did. She met our boss, Mr. Harrison. But she has since left."

"Left?"

"I assume so. I just came from Mr. Harrison's office and I didn't see her."

"Can I see Mr. Harrison?"

"I'm afraid that's not possible. Mr. Harrison had a half day today. Personal matters."

"Did they leave together?"

"I don't think so."

"Do you have any idea where Eva could have gone?"

"No. I wish I saw her. I have something to discuss. Apparently, she just took off. If I may ask, who are you to Eva?"

"I'm her guardian. Eva isn't well. She has amnesia."

Magda Flores widened her eyes. "So she wasn't lying. She was asking me before where she lived. I thought she was pulling some kind of prank."

"No, she wasn't. She's just confused. Think she might try to go her apartment?"

"I don't know. I wish I could help you."

"Thank you for your time, Ms. Flores."

Liam headed to the parking lot, more brooding than ever. To his surprise, his SUV was still where he had parked it, not towed or anything. A sight of a taxi waiting at the curb caught his attention. Rosa said Eva left in a taxi. Could it be hers? He decided to find out.

He tapped the driver's side. The window rolled down. "You didn't happen to carry a passenger from Whistler Park do you? A woman, about late twenties, this tall, red hair, and pale skin?"

The taxi driver frowned. "Yeah. I've been waiting for her for an hour. Said she's going in fast and then she wanted me to take her back home."

"You didn't see her come out, I presume?"

"No. What's going on?"

"She's left."

"Shit. Who's going to pay the tab?"

"Don't worry, I'll take care it of it." Liam pulled out his wallet and extracted a wad of cash. "Hope this will cover it."

"Appreciate it."

Liam went back to his own car and pondered. Flores said Eva had left the building, but the taxi driver was still waiting for her. Uneasiness slipped in. Eva was in trouble; he had a bad feeling about it. Could Eva have sneaked on the taxi driver? And if she did, how had she got a ride? She didn't have any money. Something wasn't right. Somehow she had disappeared between the Arcana Foundation and the taxi. Either that or Flores had lied. His gut told him somebody had snatched Eva from the Arcana Foundation on her way to the taxi.

He exhaled a deep breath. There was one way to track her. He could partially shift and track her by her scent. As a dragon, he could track someone's whereabouts solely by scent if he was in his beastly form. And he remembered Eva's scent. Rich, feminine, and heady. Liam concentrated and summoned his power. He allowed himself to partially shift. His arms covered in scales and the wings on his back threatened to erupt. He halted it and focused it on his sense of smell. A thousand aromas and stenches surged into his nostrils-the scent of the city and its people. He separated them one by one and recalled Eva's from memory. Seconds later, he locked on her scent. He started the SUV and followed Eva's trail.

*

Her head hurt like a bitch. The combination of constant pounding of a headache and the butterflies in her stomach made her queasy. Her muscles screamed in pain, cramping, bringing tears into her eyes. Being cooped in a trunk made her paranoid. What if she ran out of oxygen? She couldn't breathe freely. It was hot in the trunk and sweat plastered her face, scalp, and all over her body. She felt as if she was being baked in an oven. If she didn't die from dehydration and lack of air, these men would execute her like before. This time they would do the job right. They would mortally wound. Why, she whined in self-pity, did I have to have amnesia. If she remembered everything, she wouldn't be so foolish in trying to discover who she was and she would have stayed holed up in Liam's house, safe and secure. She was furious with herself. Of all the bone-headed things she had done in life, this was the most all-time epic stupidity. What was she thinking? Out of the sanctuary and into the gators' mouth.

And the worst part was she wouldn't be able to see Liam anymore. Even though he'd lied to her, he had saved her life, giving her a second chance and had been nothing but kind to her. She'd give anything she owned to be able to see him one more time. But that wasn't possible. These vors had taken her trunk into a vehicle, and when they stopped, they would erase her from the surface of the Earth. And she'd be nothing but a Jane Doe corpse found in the ditch or floating in the river.

After what seemed forever, the vehicle stopped. Eva was frozen with terror. Her heart sank to her guts. This was it. Oh, how she hated being so helpless. She wished she had the courage to fight for her life. Even if she had the courage, who was she against the ruthless vors who professionally snuffed people for a living? She clutched her fingers hard until her knuckles were all white. She didn't want to die.

The back of the vehicle swung open and someone dragged her trunk down. It crashed on the ground causing her to bounce and smash her head inside it. It fucking hurt. Eva cursed. Moments later, her trunk was opened wide. Eva blinked and inhaled as much air as her lungs could hold. Two towering men stood before her. She felt numb all over.

One of them yanked her out of the trunk with brute force. Eva whimpered in pain. Her knee scraped the latches of the trunk. She stumbled face-first on the grass. She looked around wildly. They had taken her to the same place where they had shot her. They were in a clearing surrounded by dense trees and bushes, near a big river. Even though it was daytime, the surroundings looked gloomy. The place was silent, creepy, and secluded. A perfect day for murder and dumping a body.

The man who yanked her from the trunk spoke. His accent was thick and hard to understand. "I don't know how you returned without a scratch, we're pretty sure we killed you. I guess we'll just have to do it right this time."

"Please, don't kill me," she begged through the gag. Her voice was muffled.

"Is she some kind of freak?" the other man piped up. He took out a large gun and screwed on a silencer.

"What do you mean?"

"A freak that can't die."

"Nyet. No one can't die. We put a bullet in the head, she dies. If she doesn't..." the man grinned with satisfaction, "...we chop off her head. No head, no life."

Eva stopped breathing. She felt cold all over. Chop off her head? Could this get any worse? She wanted to plead but no voice came from her throat. Terror seeped to her bones. Please, God, I don't want to die... Silently, she prayed for a miracle.

The man with the gun examined his piece and pointed it to her head. "Well, do svidaniya."

Eva shut her eyes automatically. She shook. A quiet gunshot wheezed, and then a big swoosh reverberated the air around them. Bodies dropped to the ground with loud thuds.

She waited for the pain, but it never came. What's going on?

Cautiously, Eva opened her eyes. She gasped and tried to scoot backward. She tumbled sideway because of the bonds on her ankles. Her heart pounded in her throat at the sight in front of her.

It was a huge beast.

A dragon.

Its scales were deep green as if it was made from emeralds. It towered before her with its long wingspan stretched out like a majestic arch. Its brilliant green eyes were luminously bright, staring down at her.

Eva forgot to breathe. The beast was too otherworldly beautiful for words.

Liam?

There was blood on his talons. Her gaze drifted to the fallen vors. The men sprawled on the ground, unmoving. Were they dead? Had Liam killed them?

The dragon shimmered. The scales glittered against the sun's ray like precious jewels. It slowly transformed into the man who had saved her life. The muzzle receded. The wings folded and vanished. Talons and claws turned into hands. And Liam was naked. Apparently, shifters didn't retain their clothing when they changed.

Eva wanted to tear her eyes from him but she couldn't. She was too happy to see him.

"Are you all right?" Liam asked.

Eva muffled under the gag. He took it off. "I'm okay."

He untied her bonds. His face darkened when he saw the bruises on her ankles and wrists. And her bleeding knee. "They hurt you."

"Not much."

Liam looked grim. He rose. "Can you walk?"

Eva tried to stand. Her legs were wobbly from being confined in a trunk. Liam helped her regain her footing.

"This way," he said.

Eva looked over her shoulder. The two vors were still, but she noticed they were still breathing. "Are they dead?"

"Let's say they won't hurt people for a long time."

Liam ushered her where he had parked his SUV. His clothes were strewn on the grass. His shoes and wallet were tossed near the tire. He told her to sit in the SUV while he donned his clothes.

"How did you find me?" Eva asked while putting the seat belt on.

He slid behind the wheel and started the engine. "I tracked down your scent."

How curious. She hadn't thought that he had such an uncanny ability. What else could he do?

"Listen," he began, driving to the main street, "I know you must have tons of questions..."

"I remember."

"What?"

"Liam, I remember everything..."

*

Liam frowned. She remembered everything. A part of him was relieved because he wouldn't have to lie to her anymore, and the other part of him was worried. What if she was mad at him for not telling her the truth? He stole a glance at her. She didn't seem to be. He cleared his throat. "What do you remember?"

"My name is Eva Walker. I'm a librarian from Brighton Beach. And I'm in the witness protection program. Those men-the vors-found out where I was because my new boss, Mr. Harrison, ratted out my whereabouts."

His frown turned into a deep scowl. "Your boss in the Arcana Foundation?"

"The vors threatened his family. I heard him argue when I became conscious."

"Conscious. What did he do to you?"

"That bastard hit me with a vase. He knocked me out cold. Funny thing, when I came out from it, I remembered everything again. Is that so cliche or what?"

"He hit you?" A flash of anger made his voice rise an octave. Liam made a mental note to visit Harrison and arrange some payback. He extended his hand and touched Eva's head, checking her wound.

Eva flinched.

"Where did he hit you?"

"Here."

Liam felt a bump on her scalp and something wet. "You're bleeding."

"Not much."

"We have to do something about it when we get home."

"I'm fine."

"You're definitely not fine."

Eva quieted. Then she asked meekly, "Are you mad at me?"

Liam sighed with resignation. He was mad at himself for not being able to protect her. If he hadn't carelessly put her photos and diary out in the open, she wouldn't have gotten curious or hurt. His heart chilled thinking about how narrowly she had escaped death for the second time. If he had arrived a few minutes later... He shook off the bad thoughts. "No," he said. "I was worried sick."

"I'm sorry. I was curious. I had to know the truth."

He couldn't blame her for that. He guessed if he was in her shoes, he would resort to the same thing. "Please, don't do that again."

"I won't. I promise."

"I don't think I could stand the thought of losing you."

Eva became bright-eyed. "You like me that much?"

"I love you."

She flustered. "So it wasn't a lie?"

"I put rings on your fingers, didn't I? Listen, love, whether you like it or not, we are now bonded."

"Bonded?"

Liam explained the ritual of blood magic he had performed in order to bring her back to life. Her eyes grew wider and wider as he recounted the tale of the night he found her. How relieved he was when she started breathing again and her mortal wounds knitted close. And his vow that he wouldn't let anybody hurt her again. "I know it might be difficult to accept this, but I'm hoping you can learn to love me too. You are mine and I would never let you go."

Eva went silent. She bowed her head, staring at the engagement and wedding ring on her fingers.

Liam wished he knew what was going on in her head.

*

Rosa was standing under the portico when Liam pulled the SUV into the driveway. Hades barked with excitement at the sight of his master. Rosa looked relieved when she saw Eva. The housekeeper muttered to herself while patting her chest.

They went inside. Eva took a shower and changed her clothes. Rosa served her dinner when she got out of the bathroom. Salisbury steak with pasta and crunchy salad. Eva ate ravenously. Having cheated death for the second time made her hungry.

Her gaze lingered on her rings while she ate. He said he loved her and she was his bonded. Giddiness rushed to her head. It was hard to believe a man like Liam would desire somebody like her. He saved her and she was indebted to him. It wasn't hard to love a man like him. She was already falling for Liam.

After Rosa took the tray away, Liam came knocking on the door.

"Hey, how do you feel, love?" he asked.

Eva could feel herself blushing furiously. "I'm fine."

"You've been struck in the head. I need to see your wound."

She grinned. Liam sat next to her on the bed and checked the back of her head. The area where Harrison had struck was a little tender, but it wasn't bleeding anymore.

"Does it hurt?" Liam inquired gently.

Eva shook her head.

"You sure? I will have Doctor Hall examine you tomorrow. He couldn't make it today." He took her hands and squeezed them. "Look at you." Liam regarded her with great worry. "You have been through a lot over the past few days. I don't think I could forgive myself if something bad happened to you."

"Do you really mean it? What you said in the car?"

"Of course."

Eva looked at her rings. "These are beautiful."

"We can make it legal when you're up to it."

"Married?"

"In the city hall. We need to get you a new identity. My lawyer will take care of that. Then we could have a backyard wedding. Private party, small guest list. Friends and family."

"I would love that." She lunged at him and hugged him tightly. Damn, he smelled so damn good. His soap. Fresh and clean. Liam wrapped his arms around her and lowered his head, finding her lips. He kissed her. Eva swooned.

Heat surged through her veins. Oh, how she wanted him. She wanted to replay their experience when they shared a bed. Perhaps more. She was better now and Liam wouldn't have a reason to say no.

Liam broke the kiss. His breath was labored. His eyes blazed. "Eva..."

"Yes."

"You sure you're okay? You've been through a lot today."

"I want you, Liam."

He growled like a starving beast. "You have no idea how much I want you."

"Really?"

"Hmm." Liam undressed her. Her nightgown first, and then her brassiere and her panties.

Eva shivered when he touched her. His hands swept over her naked skin with such tenderness, as if she was made from fragile porcelain and he was afraid to break her.

"You so beautiful, Eva," he whispered. He kissed her again until she wanted to faint from the lack of air. He tightened his hands on her breasts and kneaded them. Eva loved the sensation. She loved the way he touched her. An experienced lover. Touches that made her burn from the inside out. Especially when he plucked her nipples and rolled them between his thumb and forefingers. Her bones felt as if they had melted into wax. The pleasure shot from her nipples straight to her pussy, making her hotter and wetter.

Liam trailed kisses from her shoulder to her chest. He took one nipple into his mouth. She quivered. Her body tensed. It was unbelievable. Liam sucked her while the tip of his tongue circle the hard bud. She fidgeted. No man had ever made her feel like this before. Not even her past lovers. Liam's touch was magical.

He released her nipple and took her unmolested one. Her spine kinked as she arched her back in pleasure. Liam groped her thighs and her pussy. He made a purring noise when he found her very wet. He rubbed her pussy lips with his slick fingers.

Eva squirmed. "I want to see you."

Liam withdrew his hand and disrobed. First, his white cotton shirt. And then his khaki pants. His undershirt and his boxers. Eva gawked at his perfect figure and his big cock. Her mouth watered all of a sudden. She couldn't help herself and groped him, squeezing his granite-hard erection. He sighed happily and grunted, "Say hello to him."

Eva giggled She licked the tip of his cock. It pulsed, loving the way she said hello. She wrapped her fingers on his base. He was so thick and long and scrumptious. She enveloped his cockhead with her mouth and started sucking. He tasted even better than what she had imagined. His pre-cum was creamy with salty goodness. She licked his shaft and explored his crown. He murmured an urge to take him deeper, which she did gladly. Liam hissed through clenched teeth. He fisted her hair as she fucked him with her mouth.

"Oh fuck," he gasped. Then, he laughed. "I'm going to come if you keep doing that."

"So?" Her voice was muffled by his cock.

Liam got it despite the muffle. "I don't want to come yet. Not before I've had the chance to taste you." He stopped her and pulled his cock from her mouth.

She protested.

"My turn," Liam reminded her. He pushed her lying on her back and straddled her.

She moaned. It felt like heaven having him so close and intimate like this. She could feel heat emanating from his every pore. And her arousal was even deeper, nearly driving her insane. She was ready for him. For anything.

Liam kissed her. This time was gentle and feather-light. But the effect he had on her was the same nevertheless. She needed him inside of her. Her pussy fluttered in anticipation. Liam trailed more kisses to her belly. Her heartbeat raced, knowing what was to come.

"Liam..."

"Shh." He parted her curls and licked the hood of her clitoris.

Eva bit her lip, body tensing. He licked her vulva and teased her opening with delicious twirls. Good Lord. She felt as if she had died and gone to heaven. She shuddered in ecstasy.

Liam praised how good she was. He captured her clit with his fingers and rolled it gently. His tongue speared into her entrance, licking her deeper and deeper. The pleasure was maddening. She couldn't hold it any longer and came hard. She lost her mind as a wave of pure ecstasy washed over her.

He positioned himself while she was wading through the thick pleasure. His cockhead nudged her entrance. Her pussy clenched.

"Yes," she whispered.

He grunted. He thrust in, spearing her open with his thick cock. Eva halted her breath. The sensation was truly exquisite. The way he plowed down to her cervix, his hot cock, brimstone encased in velvet. The way he stretched her beyond impossible. She loved it. She was astounded at the way he made her feel.

"So good, love," he croaked. Liam pulled slowly and thrust back in as if he wanted to relive the initial penetration.

Eva could feel the way his shaft ground the inner walls of her vagina. The texture of his cock. And his addicting heat that seared every fiber of her being. She marveled at the sensation of their bodies becoming one.

Liam picked up his pace. He quickened, fucking her faster. Her heart drummed wild. The ecstasy intensified with every thrust. He pounded and slammed until she could only feel fire. Her second orgasm was just around the corner. The pleasure gathered, and this time, even greater than before. "Please, more," she sobbed, "harder. I almost..."

He hammered her with hard, primal fucks. She couldn't hold it any longer. She came. Fireworks exploded before her eyes. Her ears rang. Breath cut off from her lungs. She gasped. Panted. Her body quaked as a powerful tide of climax washed over her.

Liam fucked her once, twice and thrice more before he surrendered. She could feel his cock spasm in her depths, ejaculating. Her pussy clenched in return, milking him to his last drop.

They panted together until the last tide of ecstasy ebbed away. Liam rolled off her. He grabbed her hand and kissed it. Eva snuggled closer. "That was amazing."

Liam laughed. "It's been a while."

"Me too. Are you always this amazing?"

"I don't know. We could try again."

"I'd love seconds. And thirds. And fourths..."

"God, you're a sex maniac."

"Don't blame me, you made me like this."

Liam caught her smiling. "What?"

"Penny for your thoughts?"

"I'm going to marry a dragon. How cool is that?"

The End

