1

Three Months Ago - March

I RUN UNTIL MY feet bleed, until I can no longer feel the pain of every searing cut and nerve-ending exposed to debris and freezing snow that burns like fire. My ankles are mottled by blood and dirt and bruises. My breath, now so heavy that it weighs more than my chest can carry, sputters from my lips in a pathetic, asphyxiating mess, bringing me to my knees a second time.

No. I can't stop running.

I have to become something that I'm not, as fearless and dangerous and powerful as the beast chasing me. I have to believe that I can go on because if I don't, I'll die here tonight. In these woods. Under the cruel array of stars and planets and dark matter that watches this scene unfold and does nothing to stop it.

The trees snap like bone behind me in the darkness. A bone-chilling roar rips through the air and my heart stops. I can picture blood hemorrhaging from its teeth. Its back is arched in a way that terrifies me, its blade-like claws ready to strike me down like a massive bear tearing down its prey.

Only this werewolf is more massive than any bear.

I hurl myself forward, pushing my body harshly against the wind and I run. My eyes have become attuned to the darkness. I can see out ahead of me with a finer precision. But how? How can I know this forest so intimately, as if I have lived here all my life? How can I judge these distances, evading the black canopy of trees and the dead branches beneath them so obscured by the magic white dust?

It doesn't matter how right now.

I have to keep running.

The beast is closer. But my mind is disorganized, a chaotic tangle of truths and lies and disbelief. It could've had me by now. The werewolf could've taken me down before I crossed the creek minutes ago, over the half-frozen water that took my feet out from under me. I heard it breathing behind the trees in the darkness as I lay on the frigid, wet bank. I could smell the musky, wet hair. I could feel its gaze on me, hungry for my flesh and blood. But it let me go, it allowed me to pick myself up just when I had given up and had no intention to push on.

It's toying with me.

And I keep running. Because at some point, after you have surpassed surrender, after you realize that just moments ago you thought you'd die if you went any further yet you didn't, the human body becomes something else. Maybe it's only adrenaline, or maybe some staunch and enigmatic love for life, I don't know. But it's different. Stronger. Faster. Formidable. You forget that your lungs have almost stopped working, that your stomach is filled with ice and heat and mush, that your heart has been begging you to stop for the past many minutes, threatening to burst.

I run out into a massive field encircled by trees. The air is colder here, having no obstacles to maneuver around, nothing to stop the gusts from pushing against my body, threatening to kill me with hypothermia.

I suck in a quick breath and it burns my lungs like fire.

I see a horse out ahead, its hot breath exhaling like thick streams of fog from its nostrils. I see the stars all around me as if I'm a trinket inside a giant globe and I envy them in this moment as they stare at me with all their brilliance and mystery and power.

I look farther out ahead into the fringes of the trees and see two more horses not so far from the first, concealed by the shadows.

And then I stop.

I stop because I realize I've been here before. I look all around me, grasping at every detail as if each one is a piece of some significant puzzle. The forest surrounds me in a tree-enveloped circle where I stand in the center feeling trapped, like a gladiator in an arena. At any moment the beast is going to rip through the trees on either side of me and I won't have anything to hide behind, nothing to obscure my movements as futile as they may be. My back is arched now too, or maybe it's just hunched over absurdly in some failed attempt at a battle-ready stance. I move around in a methodical circle, my arms level with my ribs, my head moving in jerking motions at every sound no matter how moderate or faint or real they may be.

My heart stops and so does the world around me when a low, gruff howl reverberates through the blackest sliver of trees to my left. The horses snort first and then squeal and sprint away.

I hear nothing now but the sound of its breath and the low, guttural movement vibrating its massive chest. I can't see anything but its eyes staring back at me, flecked by the moonlight. It's breath is thick and measured.

My body is no longer 'something else'. Surrender has returned and this time I know I can't fight it. Finally, I can feel how exhausted my lungs have become and how cold and hot and heavy my stomach truly is. I can feel my heartbeat sputtering to a slow crawl, clamoring for some sense of normalcy, but never finding it.

My mind is pacified by stillness and submission; it has now become something different.

Acceptance.

It's in control of my lungs and my insides and my heart. It tells me that it's okay to face the beast. To let it happen. To let death take me. To accept this finality boldly with my last breath and thought.

My breath comes out in a long, irrevocable draw and my body stands fully upright of its own accord. My hands carefully drop to my sides, my fingers curl softly near my palms.

The beast steps out from the trees, revealing its colossal size that I had always been afraid of and loved with the deepest depths of my soul. I believe I can feel the earth beneath me rumble gently as he approaches, but I know it must be my mind playing tricks on me because his steps are too soft and calculated to create such force. The seconds which pass between us linger ominously, every step bringing him closer to me, closer to my time among the stars that always have watched unbiased.

I never realized when it happened, but I notice my right hand reaching toward him, my palm tilted in a delicate gesture to which my thoughts are unaware. My thin, icy fingers open for him as if they are their own body and believe that nothing so beastly can ever harm something so small and frail.

I can see him clearly now as he stands in the glow of the full moon. As he stands only feet from me in the wide open field of bitter, stinging air and snow now blemished by my bleeding bare feet. But I'm still not afraid.

He moves closer.

Closer.

In this fraction of a moment I gasp sharply and feel a shot of blood race into my heart.

But my fingers, so resolute and independent of me, still have a mind of their own. A heart of their own. A life of their own that I can't bear to struggle against.

I reach out the last few inches needed to touch him and my hand becomes warm underneath his fur and his strong, thick flesh. My heart is screaming inside, but my mind pushes it down into the hot mire of my trembling insides and I remain unafraid. Ready to die.

"Isaac...."

His chest heaves with hot breath. I can feel it on my face and skin, protecting me from the stinging wind. The blood I imagined on his sharp, massive teeth is not there, but I know it will be soon. I always knew that my love for Isaac Mayfair would one day be the death of me.

I always knew.

Softly, I close my eyes.

But instead of death, I feel a different sort of passage.

I feel safe.

My eyes open slowly and see his elongated snout pulling the saliva-dripping skin carefully away from his teeth. His mammoth chest still heaves with onerous breaths. His large inky-black eyes, glazed over by moisture and rage and conflict, bore into mine. Carefully, my left hand also comes up, my fingers joining the others in a display of delicate affection.

I've never been this close before. Not like this. One movement out of place, a single cell in my body triggered by fear, and Isaac will sense it. In a split second the frightening expanse of his opened jaws and the force of his bite could take off my head.

"Isaac...Listen to my words." Both of my hands take his much larger hand and guide it slowly toward my heart.

No, I've never been this close before. Not like this, so bold and stupid and utterly reckless. Not when he has Turned against his will, when he was unprepared.

When I provoked him....

One movement out of place...a single cell triggered by fear and it will all be over.

Another deep growl reverberates through his chest and the air around his snout becomes visible and hot. With his beast-like hand resting against my heart, I let my head fall slowly upon it. I close my eyes and pull my body further into his, resting my head in the bend of his arm. I inch my way closer, allowing his warm, fur-covered body to envelop my fragile frame. His heart beats dangerously rapid, but somehow I know that it's normal, that he is calm. For now.

"It's Adria. It's me, Isaac." My words are soft, as fragile as my body against his, yet I don't falter an ounce.

A subtle movement by Isaac causes me to lift my head away from his stomach. He leans over me, nudging his head against my own in a display of affection.

But the moon's sway on this night is more powerful than mine and Isaac turns quickly and rips away through the field, leaving me standing here. A part of me is relieved, thankful that I can breathe again, but the larger part is ashamed.

Months from now, maybe even years, Isaac will never let me forget it.

2

Today - June

EXCITEMENT KICKS IN WHEN Aunt Beverlee's car comes humming up the driveway. I can tell when she goes over the pothole at the mailbox as the bumper scrapes the ground like a boat hitting land. A hole big enough to see at a distance, yet no one to-date has ever managed to completely avoid it.

Roughly, a minute and a half more and Uncle Carl will finally be home after the attack and car wreck that nearly killed him seven months ago.

He was out of the hospital in about fifteen weeks-almost lost one leg, had four surgeries and his lung collapsed a second time-but he and Beverlee have been staying in a hotel some of the time and at one of Aunt Bev's scrapbooking friend's house, the rest. It was difficult to find a decent carpenter to come out and build a wheelchair ramp in sixty inches of snow and at a reasonable price. Okay, so sixty inches is exaggerating a bit, but I've felt like I've been living in Antarctica since winter officially began in Maine. I'm almost as happy about summer's arrival as I am about Uncle Carl's homecoming.

Isaac and Nathan ended up with the carpenter's job and built the ramp for free. They would've built it sooner, but Aunt Bev only let it slip last month that it was the reason Uncle Carl hadn't come home yet. Later, she admitted to me she never wanted to 'bother' the Mayfairs with favors.

Of course, we let her know how ridiculous that was.

"They're here," says Isaac, reaching above the banister to tie the last loose end of the WELCOME HOME sign I had made.

We practically live together now, Isaac and me, though not technically because Beverlee and Uncle Carl would never allow it in a million years. But it's no secret that I often sleep over at Zia's for reasons other than Zia. Beverlee and Uncle Carl only pretend to be oblivious. I'll be eighteen in three months after all; they know I'm not a child. I'm still a virgin, but that doesn't make me a child.

After last November when Isaac rescued me from Viktor Vargas, he told me that he could trust himself around me, that he knew he could never hurt me. I wanted to trust him, but the truth is that I've been afraid of the sexual aspect of our relationship all along. He's a werewolf! I think being afraid of him like this is completely justified. And it only justifies it more when I think of how Zia infected Sebastian.

I don't want to end up in the same predicament. No way.

Isaac isn't afraid at all anymore, but he had just one rule:

"In the week before each full moon," he said that night we talked about it, "never give in to my advances. I'm different in that time, more open-my judgment is off."

I laughed a little. "What, like you've had too much vodka, or something?"

"I guess that's actually not a bad comparison," he said. "Just remember that on the day of the full moon never, ever test the boundaries."

I never intended to test those boundaries, but I planned a night with him that I wanted to be perfect. Of course, things rarely turn out the way you plan them. It was an innocent mistake on my part, but what happened left me running through the woods trying to get away from his monstrous form.

He didn't hurt me...but he could have.

I just don't understand why he's so confident. The way I see it, as long as I'm human he'll always be somewhat a danger to me. So, I guess I'm using the scared virgin excuse for as long as I can.

"Wait, it's going to fall," I say, pointing to the banner. "Pull it tighter-there, yeah, see how loose it is?"

"A little to the left?" Isaac mocks me, grinning. "A little to the right?"

I stick my tongue out at him.

"Better be careful with that thing," he jokes.

One car door shuts. It'll be a minute more as Beverlee helps Uncle Carl into his wheelchair. I scan the den and the kitchen one last time, checking to see if everything is in place. His favorite chair I was sure to vacuum with the hose and fluff up the arm pillows and giant ottoman. Next to it on the inn table is a mug of hot coffee and all three remote controls lined neatly in arms reach. A stack of new science and technology magazines wait for him too-he loves those more than the coffee.

Nathan comes out of the guest restroom drying his hands on his pants legs. Harry runs in through the back door and skids into the kitchen, Daisy behind him barely holding onto the tips of his fingers.

Daisy reminds me of expensive perfumed body powder, the kind that sits in a little round, gold-trimmed container on the vanity of a wealthy young London girl. Except of course, when she's not being a total tomboy.

"He's coming up the ramp now," says Harry.

It's a small gathering. Zia and Sebastian are at a concert in Boston and won't be back until tomorrow night. Uncle Carl's friends from work are stopping by later in the evening after he's settled in. But small is how Uncle Carl would prefer it.

"Okay," I say just as I hear their voices coming up onto the porch. With seconds to spare, I run into the foyer and move the coat rack out of the way, pushing it into the far corner. "Make sure everything is moved so Carl's wheelchair can easily get around it." That had been Beverlee's number one demand for a week now. Uncle Carl is having a hard time adjusting to his disability and Beverlee wants to eliminate whatever possible that helps remind him of it.

The doctors still aren't sure if he will ever walk again.

The whole house smells like a bakery. A plate of chocolate chip cookies is laid out on the kitchen bar. I saw that tip on HGTV once when Beverlee had it on; fresh baked cookies make the house smell inviting, so I thought, why not?

"Don't even think about it," Daisy demands as Harry reaches over to take a cookie from the plate.

Shadows move in front of the door and finally it opens.

"Welcome home!" everyone shouts.

Uncle Carl smiles squeamishly.

"Thanks guys," he says as Aunt Bev wheels him in the rest of the way. He reaches down and takes control of the wheels himself, giving them a push. "Wow, the house looks nice, Adria," he says. "Smells nice too."

"Thanks."

Harry takes the plate from the bar and balances it on his fingertips like a waiter. "They're fresh," he says, putting them into Uncle Carl's reach.

"Thank you, but I'll have one later-stopped and had lunch before we got here. I'm stuffed."

Harry takes that as the O.K. to finally get a cookie for himself. Daisy smirks over at him as he stuffs one into his mouth.

The two of them, Harry and Daisy, are already like an old married couple.

"Glad you're home, Uncle Carl." I lean over, hugging him carefully. I'm still afraid I'll hurt him. Most of his casts have been removed, but I'm afraid to touch him, even though he's been healing for a while.

I don't care. I feel like I'll always be afraid he's too fragile to hug, or let him move around the house without my help. Even now, as he lets me go and regards me with an I'll-be-alright expression, I can't help but step back because I'm afraid I'll bump into him and break him.

I still blame myself for what happened. I'll always blame myself because it was my fault.

"Beverlee finally got you into that scrapbooking stuff, huh?" Uncle Carl wheels over to see my WELCOME HOME sign hanging from the banister, still not straight on the far end. I quietly glance over at Isaac accusingly who just shakes his head at me. I guess I am being a bit overkill about it...well, about everything actually. In the past three hours, I remember dusting the furniture at least three times. The hardwood floors have never been shinier. And now that I think about it, since Nathan came out of the restroom, I've been feeling anxious about what kind of mess he may have left behind. Images of water droplets on the counter, the toilet seat left up, or the light left on keeps creeping up into my thoughts.

"No, she's still not sold on it," says Beverlee about scrapbooking. "But obviously she's learned a few things." She looks up at my handiwork, smiling. I had used her fancy-edged scissors, colored paper and some cool roller stamp things I never can remember what they're called. Arts and crafts were never my 'forte', but what I can do with it serves its purpose, I guess. Beverlee is being kind though; really it looks second grade to me.

"How are you feeling, Mr. Dawson?" Daisy is always charming. The English accent helps make her the center of the room usually. She leans over and squeezes him tighter than I ever will.

Harry and the Mayfairs grew quite close to Aunt Bev and Uncle Carl over the past several months, so they are as glad to have him home as Aunt Bev and me.

"Much better," he answers, returning the affection. "And now that I'm back in my own house, I know things will be back to normal in no time."

Beverlee quietly glances away.

I know what she must be thinking, because I'm thinking the same thing. It'll take a lot more than being home for things to be normal for Uncle Carl again. He's being strong, but on the inside, I know he must be screaming.

I move into the den area and everyone follows.

"I made you some coffee," I say nervously, walking toward Uncle Carl's chair. "One teaspoon of sugar, just like you like it. Oh, and I bought the most recent issues-your subscriptions ran out last month I think." I fluff the arm pillows up some more-as if they really need it-and then scoop the new magazines into my hands. "Scientific American, Popular Science...and," I shuffle them around, absently reading the cover article titles. "...National Geographic. I thought Australia was already dry?" I say, looking down onto the cover.

The uncomfortable silence makes me look up again.

Is it that obvious? Suddenly, I feel even worse. How could I let my guilt overshadow Uncle Carl's homecoming?

Please, please no one bring it up, not now. Six quiet seconds of standing here feels like forever. Please just-

"Well, it's good to have you back," Isaac says, stepping in to save me. "Nathan and I are going to start repairing the barn now that it's warming up."

"Yeah," Nathan adds, "and filling in that chasm of a pothole up by the mailbox."

Thank God, I say to myself. I never wanted the attention on me. I'm not going to let it happen again.

"I think Harry hits that hole on purpose," I say. "Must be a guy thing."

Harry makes a face.

"Thanks," Uncle Carl speaks up, "but you don't have to do that. The barn has been coming down around its frame for years and that pothole keeps people like Harry from driving into the house." The innocent comment provokes a few chuckles.

"We'll do it anyway," says Nathan, as if the alternative is unacceptable.

"Also, Harry started work at Finch's with Adria last Friday," Aunt Bev says. "I've got plenty of extra help at work, so I'll have more time around here."

Mrs. Finch promoted her to sole manager of the store a month ago. Her daughters, Sandy and Marla Finch, objected with the anger of two twelve-year-old snotty girls spoiled beyond comprehension. Mrs. Finch thinks of Beverlee as the daughter she never had, so it's no surprise she's in charge of what Sandy and Marla thought rightfully belonged to them. Now that Beverlee is on salary, she can afford to be at the store less. Minimum wage is my pay and that's just fine considering all of the unfortunate circumstances: Uncle Carl's disability, oh and Mrs. Finch being on her deathbed and all.

No one in town expects her to be around another year; except for Aunt Bev who refuses to think badly of a pretty inevitable situation.

Uncle Carl looks over at Harry. "That's good news," he says. "At least Adria won't be alone at the store anymore." His expression darkens and so does the atmosphere in the room.

Though he's not been at home in months, Uncle Carl has been vocal about my safety and 'being alone'. I admit it worries me, how strict he might turn out to be now that he's home. Though, he and Beverlee don't know a thing about the real dangers. Like most of Hallowell, they have no idea the town is home to a small werewolf population, and that three of them stand in their den at this very moment. They're oblivious about my involvement and how many times I nearly died because of it. What makes Uncle Carl so worried about my safety in a generally safe town is my sister, Alexandra, and the robbery at Finch's the night Uncle Carl was in the on-purpose 'accident'.

The whole robbery story was Harry's doing. It was his excuse for the store being left unlocked and the mess we made while making a run for it.

Harry plops down on the couch, stretching his arms across the back. "Adria wouldn't know what to do without me," he says grinning. "She makes me lift all the heavy stuff-Hey Bev, can I file some sort of harassment against her?"

I snatch up a couch pillow and whap him over the head with it.

"See!" Harry yells.

Beverlee shakes her head, laughing quietly.

It's nice to see her smile, even if it only breaks her face for a very brief moment. Much like Uncle Carl, since the accident, she's not been the same.

When Uncle Carl moves his wheelchair against the ottoman, Beverlee maneuvers around quickly to help him. I think we all stop breathing, watching intently, but trying not to make our stares so obvious as he struggles to move the weight of his body out of the wheelchair. The muscles in his forearms harden as he braces his hands on the armrests and lifts himself out of the seat. Beverlee is behind him every step of the way, her face a concerned mask of angst.

Everyone looks away, pretending to be interested in anything other than Uncle Carl's handicap.

Nathan is saved by his vibrating cell phone. He excuses himself and slips outside onto the porch.

"Isaac," I say walking over to him as he stands at the foot of the stairs. He smiles across at me with those bewitching, bright blue eyes that I swear put some kind of voodoo hex on me every time I look into them.

"Yes?" he says, his mouth slowly pulling into a smile. I feel his fingers slip through mine. He's never failed to make me blush so deeply that the blood behind my eyes feels boiling hot.

I pull him into the hallway, out of Uncle Carl's view.

"I'll probably stay here tonight," I say, my voice barely above a whisper.

Isaac presses his lips to my forehead.

"I know," he says. "You'll need to hang out at home more often now that he's back. And you should."

"Yeah, Aunt Bev will need my help, though I get the feeling she'll deny it."

He nods slowly, agreeing with me. His hands cup my elbows and he pulls me closer, but this time I fight the urge to give in to the smallest show of affection with Uncle Carl being in the house again. Despite the wheelchair, I feel like he might come around the corner and catch us. A faint, knowing grin warms Isaac's eyes and his hands fall away, the warmth of his fingertips lingering on my skin long after they had been there.

"I'll be on the porch with Nate," he says as he slips quietly out the front door just feet from where I stand.

I still can't believe he's mine. Every night that we're not together, I lie in bed and stare across the room out the window and think of Isaac Mayfair. About the extraordinary events that unfolded seven months ago that still to this day, I usually have a hard time accepting. I think of my short life with him and can't help but feel as though already it's been a lifetime. Trauma and death has a way of speeding up how life's natural balance usually works. It fills in the little gaps usually reserved for more trivial things, like break-ups and the trials of trying to fit in. It speeds things up like growth and experience and love.

I think in the beginning, the loss of my sister was what forced me so easily into Isaac's world and into his heart. Where she tore my heart to pieces, Isaac was there to put it back together again. But there's one thing that constantly gnaws at the back of my mind about that. To love someone so deeply means also that it will hurt a thousand times more when he disappoints or leaves you.

I try not to think about it, but it's unavoidable.

One day, Isaac Mayfair will hurt me whether with words or ways or that inevitable goodbye.

Because nothing lasts forever.

I look toward the tall, thin window beside the front door and watch Isaac's figure move across it, obscured by the sheer, lacy white curtain. I can hear his voice faintly, going on with Nathan about how they're going to start repairing the barn.

Beverlee's voice snaps me back into Uncle Carl's homecoming.

"Adria, can you get Carl a glass of tea?"

I move back toward the den and let the light from the opened windows warm my face once more.

"Sure, Aunt Bev."

"Beverlee," Uncle Carl says, motioning one hand in protest, "I'm not thirsty-I've got coffee." He turns to me then. "Really, don't worry about it."

"Oh hush," I say, beaming at him. "Don't try that shamefully independent stuff on me. Until you can walk again-and you will; watch and see-I'm here to do your bidding. Besides, if I were the one in the wheelchair, I'd fully expect you to wait on me hand and foot." I smirk playfully at him.

Uncle Carl sighs, surrendering, but I can tell in the softness of his face that he's appreciative.

Beverlee winks at me and heads upstairs.

Harry and Daisy are sitting at the bar when I make it into the kitchen, Daisy's curly blond hair draped over Harry's shoulder. She raises her head from his shoulder and eyes me as I cross over to open the refrigerator. Harry is still stuffing his face with chocolate chip cookies. The one thing he does better than skate is eat.

"Have you talked with them about Portland?" Daisy says.

I slide the tea pitcher off the top rack, set it on the counter and then pull a clean glass from the nearby dish drainer.

"I don't know if I should go," I say. I press the glass under the ice dispenser in the refrigerator door and the ice clanks noisily into the bottom. "It's a bad time to be going anywhere, really."

After filling the glass with tea, I trade the pitcher for a lemon from the fridge and cut a wedge just how Uncle Carl likes it.

Harry looks up at me. "Hey, I'm in agreement," he says, licking the last few crumbs from his lips, "but you have to go with us, and besides, Aunt Bev will probably force you to go anyway."

"Harry's right," Beverlee says as she rounds the corner. "You're not hanging around here while your friends are having a good time and that's that."

I didn't expect her back downstairs so fast; probably felt guilty for leaving Uncle Carl alone for too long. Just in case he needed something. Sooner than later, I know she's going to drive Uncle Carl crazy.

Beverlee takes the glass from me. "Where did you plan to go?" After gently squeezing the lemon juice into the tea, she positions the wedge neatly on the rim of the glass.

"Portland," Harry answers. "My sister has a house right on the beach-Mind if I get a glass of milk?"

Beverlee smiles and nods.

Harry is like a brother to me and Aunt Bev has a soft spot for him, too. He pretty much earned his own residence in the Dawson house and often takes advantage of it when he isn't with Daisy. Of course, I love having him around. He's the other missing half of me that Alexandra took with her when she left. He's the best friend I've ever had. I don't know what I'd do without him.

While pouring himself a glass of milk Harry says, "She invited me down and said I can bring some friends along."

I notice Beverlee's gaze stray toward the kitchen window, which looks out onto the front porch where Isaac is still with Nathan.

"Who all will be going?" she says, trying not to make her concerns so obvious. She has to know she's failed miserably

I wring my hands and then reach up to scratch the base of my neck, feeling slightly nervous about admitting the truth about Isaac. I don't know why it still feels so awkward around Aunt Bev after so long-maybe I just know deep down that her worries are more justified than I want to admit.

From the corner of my eye, I see Harry and Daisy look at each other. Daisy stands up from the stool then and reaches out her hand, taking the glass of tea from Beverlee.

"Come on Harry," Daisy says, gesturing to him with the movement of her head, "let's take Mr. Dawson his lemon tea."

Harry catches on and slips into the den with her.

Beverlee dives right in.

"I'm not going to lie and say it doesn't scare me," she says. "It scares me every time you stay over with Zia."

Beverlee moves onto the stool that Daisy just left and rests her arms across the bar top, folding her hands together.

I dive right in, too.

"Aunt Bev," I say, looking right into her eyes so she can feel the sincerity in the words I'm about to say, "I really do love him. I know I can't make you fully understand it and you probably think it's just a phase and that because I'm only seventeen-"

Beverlee puts up her hand to stop me, but I can detect something else in her thoughts other than words of wisdom that mean only to discredit my feelings.

Her face softens behind the mask of worry that she wears. "You're more grown-up than I was at seventeen," she says and pauses only for a moment. "I can't imagine going through what you've gone through and I feel guilty sometimes that I had such a better life than you did."

I didn't expect any of this and I start to speak, to tell her that she has no reason to feel guilty for something she had nothing to do with, but she stops me once more. These are words that she desperately needs to say, whether for my benefit alone, or maybe there's a deeper-rooted meaning behind them that I can't possibly understand.

I let her go on.

"You were taking care of your mother when she should've been taking care of you. You and Alexandra had to live under the same roof as an abusive drunk and for that, I can never have any respect for your mother and her choices." She scoffs then, looking away from me and toward the kitchen window again. "The worst I had to deal with when I was growing up was hating the hell out of dishes and going to bed at nine o'clock on school nights." Her eyes meet mine again and she sighs. "What I'm trying to say is that you've earned your right to love whoever you want as much as I've earned mine and I'm not going to question it."

I'm thankful for her views and feel my heart warm at the thought of her, of the person she is, but I'm still not sure what she's getting around to saying.

"You believe me?" I say, carefully probing for the conclusion without letting her think I simply want her to get it over with.

"Adria," she says, "I can tell that you love each other and that it's real. That's what scares me."

I'm confused and bring up the only thing I think it could be. Because it's what anyone would think.

"You're scared I'll have sex with him."

It doesn't feel as awkward and embarrassing saying it out loud as I thought it would. In fact, it feels perfectly normal and this is when I realize that Aunt Bev is more to me than a caregiver and a mother figure. She is truly my friend.

Beverlee's face warms with her smile.

"Well, yes, that's one thing, but really what worries me the most is falling so fast and hard for someone only to get your heart broken later. That kind of love is the most dangerous."

Has she been inside my head somehow? I had been thinking this just moments ago. If only she knew the true depth of the situation and that my love for Isaac was fueled by more than a broken home life and a backstabbing sister.

Beverlee looks at me sternly for a moment and I can't turn my eyes away.

"Just be careful," she says. "I was a wreck shortly before I met your uncle-never let the love of a man define you, Adria."

The intensity in her face reveals much more to me than I think she intended to give away. I want to reach out to her, encourage her to spill all of her deepest, darkest secrets to me, but I know when finally she stands up again that she has no intentions of talking about it anymore. Her serious expression softens as she ends the moment.

"When are you leaving for Portland?" she says, beaming. The question is also a demand that I not argue with her about staying behind. She will have it no other way and I know better than to protest.

"Next Friday," I say. "We'll drive there and spend the weekend-be back sometime on Monday."

I hear the giant television in the den hum to life and then bits and pieces of various programming in the background as Uncle Carl flips quickly through the stations.

"What about Uncle Carl?" I say, remembering suddenly that his approval kind of overrides hers.

She smiles softly with confidence. "I'll talk to him. He'll be fine with it. I want you to go and have a good time. I'll give you some spending money."

I shake my head. "No, I saved money from work. I'll use that."

"That's your car money," she says and I start to complain, but she stops me. "Keep it for your car."

My shoulders relax as I let out my breath.

"Thank you for cleaning the house," she adds just as she goes to leave, "and for...well, for everything."

I smile at her as she turns the corner, her voice carrying over the History Channel as she starts in about what Uncle Carl will want for dinner.

I grab a dishtowel from the bar top beside me and begin wiping the counter down where the tea pitcher had left a water ring. Harry and Daisy make their way back into the kitchen.

"So?" says Harry, looking at me eagerly.

"I'm good to go," I say and realize at that moment how excited I am about it. I mean, I've been excited to go all along, but the whole guilt thing about wanting to stay home and help Uncle Carl has been overshadowing.

"Awesome!" says Harry.

The front door creaks open as Isaac and Nathan walk back inside.

"Will have to WD40 the door too," Nathan says to Isaac while swinging the door back and forth to test the sound.

Isaac comes over to me, wrapping his arms around my waist from behind. I feel the warmth of his body pressed into my back. As chill bumps raise the hairs on the back of my neck, I feel strangely lightheaded and I raise my hand, gently touching my forehead.

"Are you alright?" Isaac says, pressing the side of his face against mine.

I catch my breath, putting the palm of my hand against my chest and shake the blur from my eyes. "Yeah, I'm fine," I say. The lightheadedness seems to have left as fast as it had come. "Just felt a little dizzy for a second."

Isaac squeezes me once and then turns me around to face him. "You sure?" His inquisitive face looks so intense that I can't help but smile about it.

"Yeah," I say with a hint of laughter in my voice. "Are you alright? Y'look so paternal." I mimic his serious expression, completely over-exaggerating it.

He shakes his head, smiling. "I won't be back until late tomorrow afternoon," he reminds me. "But you know not to leave me in the dark if anything happens. Anything at all."

I chortle. "Isaac, what's going to happen?" I say grinning up at him. "If I hit my leg on the corner of the coffee table again, I'll be sure to call you right away."

Somewhere between a blush and grin, Isaac decides to stand there without any sort of comeback-he must know I've won this one.

"I think being here is safer than where you're going," I add more seriously and now my smile evaporates, replaced by unease.

He squeezes my upper-arms gently. "Now who looks all serious?" he says, though with a little less humor than I had given him. "It's what I do. It's what I've done long before we met. Don't worry about me. I'll be fine."

I force a smile. When it comes to Isaac having anything to do with his father, I'll always worry about him.

Everybody leaves shortly after Uncle Carl's homecoming. Isaac leaves last, wanting to be with me for as long as he can before heading into the mountains to babysit Aramei.

I hate it. Every time he has to go there, I can't picture anything but the night I was there and I saw that man die. And when Isaac's father, Trajan, crushed Isaac against the rock floor out of rage.

It was terrifying.

Trajan is terrifying....

3

"IS SHE SERIOUS?" Harry says sitting next to me in the auditorium at school. "This has gone too far. I mean no joke. Too. Damn. Far."

I stifle a laugh.

Harry's head jerks over to look at me. "Adria! It's not funny. I'm traumatized. I swear I'll never be able to get it up-"

"Hiii, Tori!" I say standing up fast from the seat, cutting off the derogatory comment he was going to finish. My face is stretched as far as it can stretch into the fakest smile I can fake. I can't stand Tori. She can't stand us. But nothing's worse than having to sit next to her with her and Harry at odds. It never used to be this way. Everybody likes Harry. But these days, Tori has it out for all of us, and a few weeks ago, Harry just happened to be in her line of fire and he hasn't been able to let go of it since. I think every time she sees Sebastian and Zia together it just ticks her off that much more.

I don't think Tori still has much of a thing for Sebastian-I mean it's been months-but she'll probably hold the grudge forever. It's a pride thing.

Tori sneers at me. "Oh spare me, Adria. That welcome is as fake as that perfume you wear."

Here we go again. She will never learn.

Harry props his feet on the chair in front of him, blocking her and the two girls with her access to the three empty seats down our row. They thought they would find empty seats elsewhere in the auditorium, but after wandering around, up and down several rows, they couldn't find three side-by-side that were empty. And these girls are so hooked on each other that it's kind of disturbing.

They push their way past me, and Tori, in the lead, tries shoving Harry's legs out of the way.

"Move, Harry," she says through her teeth.

"You have to ask nicely," Harry says casually, barely looking at her as if she isn't even there.

Tori forces her way through, knocking his feet from the seat and onto the floor.

Harry laughs under his breath, but when Tori starts to sit in the empty seat directly next to him, he draws the line. "Ummm, that's not gonna' happen," he says putting his hand in the seat and letting the smirk disappear from his face. "I can't sit through this thing with you next to me flashing your man cave the whole time." I see him visibly shudder. I, on the other hand, slide my back heavily down against my seat, trying my hardest not to burst out laughing. I'm trying to be mature about this, but it's just so hard.

Tori always brings this on herself. Harry may be the nicest guy I've ever known, but get on his bad side and he is a professional when it comes to verbal revenge. He's like Hannibal Lecter, minus the creepy prison cell and body count.

Harry points to one of Tori's friends. "You sit here or none of you sit here."

Tori looks down at Harry with revulsion. "That's actually a good idea." She even helps her friend into the seat next to Harry, though the friend seems to be irritated at how she wasn't given a choice in the matter. Tori continues to glare down at Harry. "I don't want to sit by you," is all she can think to say.

I really thought being this close to graduation that this kind of stuff would weed itself out of everyday school life. I was so wrong about that one.

Tori and the other girl take the next two seats, and just like Harry was referring to, Tori doesn't cross her legs even though the skirt she's wearing is so short I'm surprised she hasn't been sent home for it. It also doesn't help poor Harry's sex life that in addition to her skirt, the top three buttons are open on her shirt and all she will need to do is bend over a couple inches too far and everything will fall right out.

Harry leans toward my ear and whispers, "I wonder if she's that crude on purpose or if she's just always been that way and doesn't know the difference?"

I just shake my head, still trying to hold back the full intensity of my smile.

The lights in the auditorium dim as the announcer comes out on stage.

"We should've sat this one out like Sebastian and Zia," he says.

"I don't mind it so much," I say about the play. "Though I guess I would rather be in Boston at a concert than sitting here."

School will be out next week and I'm kind of going to miss it. Don't get me wrong, I love living in the secret supernatural world that found me last September, but I actually like school because it kind of helps me stay connected to the human world I left behind.

I didn't really have to force Harry to come to this play with me. Daisy was the one who forced him. Ah, the benefits of being Daisy's brother's girlfriend. Sometimes it's not enough just being Harry's best friend when I want to make Harry do something he'd rather not.

After the play is over, I catch a ride with Harry. Isaac didn't come to school today. He's still watching over Aramei in the mountains while his father, Trajan, attends some kind of gathering with Elders from Serbia and Bulgaria. It always makes me nervous when Isaac leaves me alone to deal with that kind of stuff. Not because I'm afraid of not having him around, but because I'm afraid of what his father is capable of doing to him. I know it shouldn't worry me much seeing as how Isaac's been doing this all his life, under the thumb of a dangerous father who scares the crap out of me. But it does and it always will make me nervous.

Harry and I head straight to the skate park after the play. I think I've spent more time watching skaters in the past many months than I have ever spent doing normal things that girls usually do. But Harry insists I hang out with him there. I think it's more for Daisy's benefit than his own. He confided in me one night about Daisy being out there while he's doing his skater thing. He said he didn't want to bore her to death, but really I think it has a lot more to do with Layne and Evan who light up whenever Daisy is around.

Harry really has nothing to worry about when it comes to Daisy, but he's a guy and guys get jealous.

When we arrive, it's easy to spot Daisy in the crowd. She has the prettiest golden blond hair and whenever she gets here before we do, she's usually waiting near the parking lot for us.

Psycho Cecilia loves Daisy to death and sometimes latches onto Daisy's company whenever she shows up, so I brace myself just in case. But thankfully today doesn't appear to be a Cecilia day-she's almost more unbearable than Tori. But only almost. Thankfully we don't have to suffer through her at school; she goes to some private school not far from here.

Harry lifts Daisy off her feet and kisses her. They do their normal lovey-dovey stuff before Harry kisses her goodbye and heads out with the rest of the skaters.

"I see he dragged you out here again," Daisy says, pulling me into a hug.

"Nah, I don't mind at all really," I say and we start to head to our usual spot near the concrete skate bowl. "What else am I going to do to pass the time?"

Daisy tosses her arm around my shoulder and we walk a little farther, finally taking a seat on the grassy hill about fifteen feet from the concrete.

"How's your uncle holding out at home?"

I sigh, sitting down next to her and drawing my knees toward me. "It's weird having him rolling around the house in a wheelchair. Beverlee converted the downstairs bedroom that used to be her crafts area, into their new room."

"Oh yeah," Daisy says with a small grimace, "I guess he can't very well make it upstairs right now."

I shake my head solemnly.

There's a ton of people out here tonight and not just regulars; seems most of the people who used to hang out at The Cove on the river have migrated over here, too. Last month, The Cove got busted. Cops were everywhere and from what I hear, about six people were arrested that night.

It sucks because the people that hang out at The Cove are a different breed than we are around here. And it shows more blatantly than Tori's girly parts underneath her skimpy, flashy wardrobe choices. The Cove people like to walk around with a beer bottle super-glued to one hand and the girls are a lot more open about their sexual preferences, and more nauseatingly, their availability.

"Oh no," Daisy says, covertly averting her eyes to the left and I immediately look over. "No...don't look!" she whispers harshly. "It might draw her over here and honestly I think that girl gives me mini anxiety attacks."

Cecilia, still as annoying as ever, is walking through a small group of Cove people all standing around with their girlfriends latched on their sides.

"She's harmless, Daisy," I say, though agreeing with her about not wanting to draw attention to ourselves.

Cecilia's smile lights up when she spots us; two deep dimples carving into her cheeks as she walks toward us. She has a pixie haircut a lot like Zia's, except her hair is plain-Jane brown and she hasn't got the same perfect handle on her style as Zia does.

No one's hair is as perfect as Zia's.

"Here-she-comes," I say harmoniously under my breath.

The girl isn't so bad, she just has an extreme personality that for some, is hard to overlook. When I first met her last September, she probably jotted me down on her List of Girls to Hate Just Because, until she saw me punch William Vargas in the mouth and I was suddenly her best friend.

I feel kind of sorry for her, I'll be honest. She's an attention leech. She's a lot like a girl I knew back in Georgia who didn't have any friends because she was different from the norm.

Cecilia is definitely different from a lot of norms.

"Hey!" she says, bright-eyed. "I was looking all over for you two!"

"Hi Cecilia," Daisy and I say in unison.

Cecilia's short frame drops right between me and Daisy on the grass and she goes right into her usual random spiel, which never fails to confuse me in the first two sentences.

"I told her," she says as if I already know who she's talking about, "but she did it anyway-Marc is like a bad acid trip-." She looks over at me determinedly. "Not that I know what that's like, or anything. I'm just not good with analogs."

Mine and Daisy's eyes lock without moving our heads.

"You mean analogies?" I correct her, though as nicely as I can.

"Yeah, yeah, whatever," Cecilia says and goes right back to her story. "Anyway, she started going out with him despite my warnings. It's gross seeing her all over him like that. I never did that when I went out with him. She's just making herself look slutty."

Cecilia still isn't over her ex-boyfriend and I guess by bashing whoever is going out with him now, it's helping her to cope with the breakup.

I can't stand this relationship gossip stuff. This person hates that person. That girl is sluttier than the other girl. That guy is the hottest thing in Hallowell. That same guy (a month later) is the biggest jerk in Hallowell.

All of it repels me.

"Yeah...ummm, so what have you been up to, Cecilia?" I say, quickly changing the subject to something more generic before I feel compelled to hang myself. I throw Daisy a desperate look, hoping she'll not leave me alone in this conversation. Daisy smiles, but still doesn't offer herself up to being any part of my misery. I'll have to have a talk with her about that later.

Cecilia stretches her legs out in front of her and leans back, holding her body up by her hands pressed into the grass. "Not much," she says. "Can't wait for school to be over-I'm going to Portland to spend the summer with my dad when school's out."

Portland. Hmmm. Coincidence? Or is fate being cruel? I ponder what I'm about to say for an extra lengthy moment. Daisy's big doe-eyes are wider now. She must be thinking the same thing I am. Should I tell Cecilia that we'll be there, too?

I notice Daisy's head move side to side in an intense, solid motion, but to my semi-surprise, Cecilia saves me and continues rambling.

"My dad's awesome," she says, shaking her feet crossed at the ankles, back and forth as if she can't sit still. "I think he's getting me a car for my birthday."

I smile over at her.

Suddenly, Cecilia's face falls and she leans back up from her casual lounge and crosses her legs in front of her again; her shoulders fall over into a slouch.

Of course-Tori and her minions. Tori doesn't seem to like Cecilia, either, even though she really isn't part of the I Hate You Because of Sebastian group. The fact that she's sitting with us right now only makes Cecilia that much more target-worthy.

"You know," Tori says, stopping a few feet from us with a hand propped on her hip, "I think maybe you should watch what you say about me around here." She's glaring down at Cecilia and I'm quietly trying to figure out where this is going. "Marc dumped you because you're a freak. He's with me because I'm not. Get over it."

Okay, I don't generally get involved in this leftover Jr. High angst stuff, but I've had just about enough of Tori's ridiculous, immature antics.

Cecilia may be annoying as hell, but....

I'm probably going to regret this.

"Tori," I say glaring up at her, "why don't you get over yourself? Just back off."

Tori sneers down at me like I'm a bad outfit, but I seem to have successfully gotten my point across because she scoffs and walks away. I'm completely surprised; I expected a bit more hostility from her, but I'm not complaining.

I notice out of the corner of my eye Daisy grinning.

Cecilia watches Tori and her friends for a disparaging moment and then she looks back at me. I'm scared of that overly thankful, I-like-you-now-more-than-ever look on her face right about now.

Yes, I'm already regretting it....

"Isn't she vulgar?" Cecilia says with a misshapen expression. "One time, she...."

I don't know what she's rambling on about, but somehow my ears have closed off all sound coming from her. I look over at Daisy, who still hasn't bothered to jump in. She's staring off toward the skate bowl now, watching Harry speed back and forth across the concrete.

It might've been worth it to see what Daisy would do if Tori hadn't backed off. Tori I can handle, but trying to hold off three at the same time might not end as well. Daisy, on the other hand, can take on anyone out here. Funny how soft and sweet Daisy comes off to people, but the reality is that to piss her off is a serious death wish.

"Hey girl," Cecilia says, waving her hand in front of my face, "I said here comes your man-candy."

I snap back into Cecilia's voice, glad that she's done with her little gossip tirade.

"I really would like to know how you managed to snag that one," she adds, watching Isaac approach us from the parking lot. "Does he have a brother? Seriously-I'll take his second cousin."

"Yeah, he has a lot of brothers," I say rising to my feet and not really paying much attention to her. Definitely not realizing what kind of damage my off-hand answer has probably done.

Isaac smiles the whole way across the pavement and the grass. He takes me into a kiss, pulling me a little off the ground with his hands locked firmly on my hips. Instinctively, I pull away and scan him over, looking for any signs of new scars, or anything that might tell me his time in the mountains wasn't an entirely decent one.

"Not a scratch," Isaac says with a grin, knowing what the investigation is all about.

"I'm Cecilia," she introduces herself, again. They've met before, but like I said, Cecilia is quite eccentric. "I hear you have a big family."

I freeze up, my eyes bulging. Isaac looks right at me curiously, probably wondering just what I've been telling Cecilia.

"I uh...I was just telling her that you have a lot of brothers." My face is hot with a twinge of embarrassment.

But Isaac's smile just gets bigger and he pulls me toward him again, encircling me in his arms.

"Yes, Cecilia, I do have a big family," he says smiling, and I feel his arms tighten around me as if to let me know he's fully aware of the reason behind Cecilia's harmless inquiry.

Cecilia's face stretches into the biggest shit-eating grin I have ever seen. I've never noticed how straight her teeth are.

I wonder if Isaac knows exactly what's he's getting himself into, but I just leave it alone. If anything, it'll make for some interesting predicaments that might be fun to watch Isaac try to worm himself out of later.

Daisy stands up and is staring off toward the road, but I don't think anything of it at first.

The dizziness comes out of nowhere again, but it's only mild. I reach over and hold onto Isaac's arm for balance.

He notices right away. "Adria, what's going on with you?"

"Nothing," I say, letting my vision pull together properly. "Really," I add because Isaac doesn't look like he's buying it, "I'm fine now; just a head-rush."

"Oh shit..." Cecilia grumbles. "My brother's here, I have to go. He's such an ass-Mom probably sent him out here to look for me." She puts her hand on Isaac's shoulder and says with a smile, "Don't be such a hermit-and bring a brother next time!" And then she scurries off in the opposite direction of the tall, brooding guy walking our way and looking as if he's searching for someone.

"Isaac," Daisy says with her gaze still fixed out ahead, but finally she tears her eyes away from the road and I'm not sure I like the look on her face.

I look to and from them both as they stand with their eyes locked.

"What's going on?" I say.

Nathan's Cruiser comes tearing around the corner toward the skate park. I feel Isaac's hands tighten around my arms.

"Seriously," I say, my chest swirling with unease, "Isaac what's going on?"

Still, neither of them answers, but I'm getting the feeling that as Nathan gets closer, practically ramping the speed bumps, they are still trying to figure it out themselves and just don't have a solid answer for me yet. Isaac pulls me along with him toward the parking lot where Nathan squeals his tires into two parking spaces.

"We've got company," Nathan says from the driver's side window. He doesn't look nervous; he looks kind of...excited.

"Who is it?" Isaac says and I glance carefully over at him, noticing the same sort of excitement hidden just beneath the surface of his face.

"Not sure yet," Nathan says. With his arm hanging out the window, he pats his door hard twice with his open palm. "It's a challenge though-Xavier just called me-so let's go." A devilish grin spreads across his face and while I'm still trying to figure out which emotions to activate, I feel Daisy step up behind me.

"She can stay here with me," Daisy says.

"Uhh, no," I object. "Not this time."

Isaac looks over at me and his expression softens, but before he gets the chance to tell me about how I really should stay with Daisy, or that I could 'get hurt', I stand my ground.

"I'm not staying here," I say resolutely. "I'm going."

As Isaac's face falls, Nathan's grin just gets bigger. His girlfriend, Hannah, sits coyly in the passenger's seat looking at me.

"Oh, let her come, bro," Nathan says, patting the door again. "They're not rogues."

Okay, so 'they' are obviously werewolves and I'm not liking where the word 'challenge' is starting to fit into this conversation. And despite them not being rogues, I'm all of a sudden feeling like I should probably stay behind with Daisy anyway.

But I can't back out now. Nathan will screw with me about it forever if I do. I've already flipped my stupid switch and the only way to come back from it is to stick it out and prove myself.

Isaac sighs deep and takes my hand.

"We'll follow you there," he says to Nathan.

Nathan winks at me and backs the Cruiser out fast as Isaac pulls me toward his Jeep.

4

"OKAY, NOW TELL ME what this is about," I say looking over at him from the passenger's seat.

We speed out of the skate park, hitting the speed bumps as roughly as Nathan had coming in. Instinctively, my hands come up, bracing my palms against the roof to keep my head from hitting it.

"When another pack comes to town," Isaac says, watching the road, "their Alpha catches wind of who runs the place and naturally he wants to challenge us for leadership."

"But your father is Alpha here."

"No," Isaac says looking right at me, "my father is Alpha everywhere. No one challenges him. No one since Viktor Vargas has ever challenged my father for Sovereignty." He looks back out at the road as the Jeep hugs the curves a little too tight and fast for my nerves. "This is on a smaller scale and my father could care less about these kinds of things."

"Okay, ummm, so then why does Nathan seem so excited about being challenged?"

Isaac grins, letting me know that Nathan isn't the only one who's excited. I don't know if I like that or not, either.

"We live for this," he says and I swallow hard. I notice too that he's white-knuckling the steering wheel. "Just stay in the Jeep."

I grit my teeth and bite the inside of my bottom lip. "Let me make one thing clear right now, alright?" I glare at him from the side and he looks mildly surprised by my reaction to his words. "The next time someone says to me the words 'get in the Jeep' or 'stay in the Jeep', I swear I'm gonna' combust." I point my finger at him. "I'm not staying in the Jeep. If it makes you feel better, I'll stand right outside of it and even leave the door open in case I have to jump back in, but I'm not staying in it."

Isaac barks a laugh. "God, I love you!" he says, breaking a smile in my serious expression.

A few more minutes and we're turning north away from the direction of their house.

"Just out of curiosity," I say, hiding how nervous I really am, especially after my little rant, "why is it okay to bring me, anyway?"

Isaac smiles knowingly. I can't hide anything from him it seems.

He reaches over and puts his hand on my thigh.

"Rogues would have no problem using you to get to us. They have no honor," he says. "The kind challenging us now would never disgrace their name with tactics like that."

"So then I'm perfectly safe?" I need more assurance. A lot more.

"Yeah," he says, grinning, "If we win."

I feel my eyes get bigger.

"And if you don't?"

Isaac moves his hand farther up my thigh and my body reacts to it instantly. Of course, I don't let him know that. He's grinning wider now, full of confidence, which eases my mind somewhat.

"It's a possibility," he says, "but not likely."

"How can you be so sure?" I'm still nervous. I doubt anything he says will really change that. "And how do you know they're not rogues if you don't even know who they are?"

"Have a little faith," he says and then adds as he puts his hand back on the steering wheel, "and they're not rogues because rogues never challenge anyone; they just attack."

I should've known that, having experienced it and all.

We get off the paved Town Farm Road and white dust engulfs the Jeep as the dirt and gravel road extends out ahead. Nathan's Cruiser is in front of us spinning up even more. I press the buttons to raise both windows but still taste the nuisance coming in through the vents. Our vehicles slip quickly down the bumpy road between engulfing trees on both sides until we shoot out at the end into a clearing. It looks like an abandoned construction zone. The trees have been stripped from this place, leaving a small circular landscape of large rocks and white, chalk-like dirt. Parked in the far corner are two bulldozers that look like they've been sitting there for months.

When we get out of the Jeep, I decide to do exactly what I said I'd do by leaving my door open and standing beside it just in case. I'm not doing it for Isaac. I'm doing it for myself. I swallow hard and brace my hands against the door. I've never seen all of Isaac's brothers in one place before, not even at the Mayfair house. When Nathan and Isaac were in one room, Xavier and Seth would be off somewhere else. And it's been only on a rare occasion that I've ever even spoken to Xavier. I've never spoken to Seth.

I glance over into their vehicles and notice a girlfriend in the front seat of each one (except for Xavier's-he's kind of a man-whore and doesn't believe in having one girlfriend). Apparently, I'm the only one with the stupid switch still on. I move a little closer against the opened door.

Isaac looks back at me once as if to make sure I'm not going any farther. Yeah, there's really no need at all for him to worry about that.

"Where are they?" Xavier says looking with his brothers out at the thick trees encircling us on the ledge. Xavier, being Daisy's twin, definitely resembles her with that blond hair and soft eyes, but like Isaac and the rest of his brothers, he has that whole savage beauty thing going on.

Instead of a flat landscape, the area was carved from within the side of a giant ridge. It makes me even more nervous as I stare up and all around me, waiting to be ambushed from above and on all sides. I feel like a fish in a bucket.

I see Nathan's chin turn at an angle and raise toward the highest point of the ridge. "There," he says and his eyes shift black. "Smells like New Jersey."

Uhhh, okay.

A small group of dark figures emerges from the canopy of trees at the top of the ridge. But it's when they jump the more than one-hundred-foot drop and land in a flawless, crouched position that my breath catches and I let out a tiny yelp. My hand flies up to my lips.

I count eight brooding guys walking toward us. Their arms are huge. They seem taller than Harry and they look meaner than Rachel. The one in the center is a huge frickin' black guy and it's obvious to me by the way the other seven stay a few inches behind him on either side as they approach that he's the leader.

Eight. Against four? My nervous levels just went through the roof.

My eyes dart over to see Isaac, but his back is still facing me. I glance downward to see that his hands and forearms have changed colors to appear more grayish and his blade-like fingernails have emerged from the tips of his fingers. Nathan, Xavier and Seth are also standing ready in their mediate forms.

What did I get myself into?

I don't realize until afterwards that I've pressed myself so closely into the corner of the Jeep door that my fingers are wedged tightly between it and the frame. If the door moves a fraction of an inch, my fingers will be smashed.

The leader stops about twenty-feet away, a treacherous grin frozen on his face. Muscles bulge underneath his t-shirt and he's wearing loose-fitting jeans, but his legs are so big that they fit snugly.

He crosses his huge arms and his eyes shift black.

"Jersey isn't big enough for you, Treven?" Nathan says, stepping up.

There is technically no Alpha in the Mayfair house other than Trajan because no one has been named and Trajan hasn't made Serbia his permanent residence yet. But I guess in situations like this, the oldest automatically assumes the position.

The brute named Treven lets his grin soften making him appear falsely offended. He has no pupils, but I can tell by the way he tilts his head that he's referring to the big white guy standing to his right when he says, "For me, it's fine. For Darren here...well..." 'Darren' rolls his neck to one side, cracking it. "...obviously, there can't be two Alpha's in one territory. And from what I hear, Maine has no Alpha."

Seth steps forward, his hands balled into fists at his sides. "You know that my father is Alpha here," he growls. "Is...Darren," Seth's eyes skirt Darren dismissively, "...here to challenge my father?"

Treven throws his head back and roars with laughter.

"Give us some credit, Mayfair," he says, grinning impishly, "we're Purebloods-we know the way things work." He looks a tad more serious now and adds, "And no one here is that foolish."

I gather he meant that they would never challenge Trajan, and I find this comforting. Comforting because they don't seem the type to play dirty.

Maybe this will be a fair and clean fight.

The second that thought flits off the edge of my mind, Nathan and Darren run toward each other, claws at the ready and they clash in mid-air. I jump backward, feeling my pinky finger smash a little in the door of the Jeep and I jerk my hand away, but can't tear my eyes away from the fight.

Nathan backflips effortlessly over Darren's head and lands behind him with a quickness almost too fast for me to see. And just as fast, he throws his powerful leg out and buries his foot in Darren's back, sending his body soaring many feet away. Darren hits the ground hard, throwing dust up all around him, but also effortlessly, he rolls into a crouched position. His eyes are as black as oil, his fanged teeth bared underneath an ever-growing wrathful expression that alone makes my breath catch.

And then everybody else jumps in.

My heart is thrashing against my ribs and I finally do decide to be a good little girl and get my ass inside the Jeep. I watch from the front seat as the deadly brawl unfolds in front of me. Black eyes. Black claws. Sharp bared teeth. I can even hear the demonic growls in their voices and in every noise they make from inside the Jeep with the windows up.

Isaac's skin has turned grey all over, the muscles in his arms twice as large as normal in his mediate form. Are they going to Turn fully? Here in the mid-afternoon not so very far from human houses and human life? Surely not....

Isaac and the Alpha, Treven, crash into one another, Isaac grabbing onto Treven's neck and lifting his body in the air. In a split-second, Treven is soaring across the landscape and before he even hits the ground, Isaac has run in behind him. Treven tries to hit the ground rolling, but Isaac drop-kicks him square in the back much in the way that Nathan kicked Darren. Treven skids across the ground face-down and his landing isn't as graceful as Darren's was.

Treven stands up slowly and cracks his neck to both sides. He snarls at Isaac and spits a wad of blood and saliva onto the ground.

Game on.

I wish I hadn't come.

Treven rushes Isaac like a raging bull and in the half a second it takes Isaac to see his mistake, Treven whirls around behind Isaac, grabbing him around the throat and taking him down.

I yell out, though no one can hear me where I am and little good it would do if they could. My hand has become a permanent fixture against my chest, the other over my mouth.

Treven and Isaac roll across the white dirt, both of them taking turns reining blows one after the other until finally Isaac gets the upper-hand again and ends up on top of Treven's massive form. I see Isaac's deadly hands come up and he wails on Treven, his fists barreling down on Treven's face in a series of rapid, ferocious blows. I try to look away when Isaac pulls his hands up once and I glimpse the blood dripping from them.

Seth and Xavier are being ambushed by six others.

I don't think I can watch this. My nerves are shot all to hell and my hands are shaking against my body. I try to tear my eyes away, but I can't. It's like some sick and demented part of me wants to watch.

Nathan and Darren continue to exchange blows, but I can tell that Darren is starting to lose his way. The last time when Nathan hits him, Darren hits the dirt and doesn't get up as easily.

Treven is charging Isaac again and I notice that he seems to do that a lot. Maybe Isaac notices this too, because it's as though he can easily calculate Treven's every move now. As he rushes in, Isaac spins his body in the air and comes around in front of him, hammering his fist just under his chin causing his body to flip backwards and land hard. Treven shakes off the stun and rolls backward into a crouch. He leaps up like an animal, but Isaac is too fast and catches him by the throat, plunging him back down violently against a bed of rocks.

Two have left the fight with Xavier and Seth and are now heading straight for Isaac. My first instinct is to open the door and shout out to warn Isaac, but they are on him faster than I can even get my hand on the door. I shriek when the black-haired one pulls Isaac off of Treven and body-slams him. In obvious pain, Isaac still manages to roll sideways and out of the way before the black-haired one's foot comes down on top of him.

Isaac rushes him now, spearing his head into the black-haired one's stomach and both of them soar at least thirty feet through the air before crashing down.

They're all getting closer to the vehicles and suddenly I don't feel so safe in here anymore.

And then bam! crunch! A body hits the windshield and the glass caves in toward me, the fractures spreading out in all directions.

Oh God...flashback...this is not happening to me again.

I fumble for the door handle, finally getting it open and I just let my body roll right out of the Jeep and onto the dirt. But before I can even get to my feet, I feel an arm around my waist lifting me up.

"STAY AWAY FROM HER!" Isaac roars. His face is full of blood and fury. He pushes me behind his body and I can feel his death grip on my wrist.

Seth was the one that hit the windshield and the brown-haired werewolf that pushed him into it backs off instantly, his chest heaving and his eyes swirling like black, endless pits.

"I'll kill you," Isaac says in a lower, more gravelly voice. I can tell the way the words came out that his teeth are bared and clenched in a terrifying show. "I will...kill you," he says once more, just to emphasize how serious he is.

"Back off," I hear Treven say from behind, but as he walks up, I'm relieved to see that he's not talking to Isaac, but to his friend standing in front of Isaac. "Darren's been defeated and this challenge was only about him. It's not a fight to the death."

Isaac pulls me even closer into his back and my arms come up, pressing against him from behind.

"Thomas. Now," Treven says standing just feet from us. "You're a damned fool, you know that?"

The brown-haired one named Thomas finally backs off and Seth peels himself from the hood of Isaac's Jeep. I hear the glass crack and crumble as his back lifts away from it.

"Still the same serious prick," Treven says, holding out his hand to Isaac.

I only hope that was a compliment and not an insult.

Isaac shakes his hand, but I can sense that not an ounce of his anger has subsided as hard and rigid as his body is against mine.

I peek around Isaac's back and catch Treven's dark, brown eyes. Slowly, I come around to Isaac's front, but he never lets go of me. He fastens his arm around my waist.

All of them have lost the frightening claws and black eyes.

Treven smiles at me, but my return smile I think comes out more like a grimace.

"No reason to be afraid of us," Treven says to me. "Just business as usual." He winks and I admit, despite still feeling sick to my stomach by frayed nerves, I feel safe.

"Sorry about the windshield," Treven says to Isaac.

"No problem," Isaac says.

Nathan and Darren walk up, both covered in cuts and bruises, which already seem to be fading. Nathan wipes the blood from the corner of his mouth while Darren pops his shoulder back in place like it's nothing. I wince and nearly pee myself hearing the cracking and popping sound that his body makes.

I don't feel so good....

I bury my face in Isaac's shirt and he wraps his arms around me tighter.

"Damn, Darren," says the black-haired guy that attacked Isaac at the last minute. "You got the shit kicked out of you!" Laughter resonates around him.

Darren looks anything but pleased, but thankfully he doesn't retaliate. These guys, these werewolves, are very disciplined. A lot like the Mayfairs.

"So...that was a challenge?" I say warily.

Treven smiles hugely and then grins over at Isaac. "What'd you expect, babygirl? An all-out war?"

"Well, sort of. I guess."

Really, I didn't have time to 'expect' anything it all happened so fast.

"They're actually old friends of ours," Isaac says.

Finally, Isaac is starting to calm down, but something tells me he really doesn't like that one brown-haired guy, Thomas. Not one bit.

Treven walks over and leans against the front of Nathan's Cruiser. Hannah, still sitting in the front seat, slinks down farther out of sight. Seth's girlfriend decides to get out of Seth's truck and join everybody. She goes straight over to Seth and practically has sex with him right there on the hood of Isaac's Jeep.

I uhhh, turn my attention back to Treven.

"Yeah, if this were a death-match challenge," Treven says, crossing his huge arms. "Your man here wouldn't have brought you."

I twist my neck around and look upward at Isaac standing directly behind me. For a second, I want to lay into him and ask just how many times he's actually done something like this since we've been together and I didn't know about it. Because there's no way he'd tell me. But I reconsider. I'll save it for later when we're not surrounded by male werewolf testosterone and I'm not risking making Isaac look like I have a collar around his neck.

I hear a WHAP! and see Nathan's body hit the ground.

My eyes bulge wide and my body locks up.

"Damnit!" Nathan says, rubbing his jaw and...laughing.

Darren reaches out to help him back up and a smile breaks his face.

"If you want to go another round," Nathan says to Darren still with laughter in his voice, "just ask!"

"Ask?" Darren's face twists into a WTF sort of look. "You want me to ask you if I can punch you in the face? Man, you have gone soft."

From the corner of my eye, I see four female figures jump down from the steep ledge and walk over to join us.

A beautiful black girl with long, dark hair comes up behind Treven and I see her hands slither up and over his shoulders. An excited growl rumbles in his chest and between these two and Seth and his girlfriend sucking face on Isaac's Jeep, I'm starting to think Isaac and I should probably cut this gathering short.

Treven pulls the girl around in front of him, rather savagely, but I get the distinct feeling she's used to it and happens to like it. He kisses her hard.

I look up at Isaac again and he nods, knowing I'm ready to leave.

"Isis, meet the Mayfairs," Treven says.

Everybody introduces themselves and by the time it comes my turn, I've decided that she seems nice enough that I don't need my Rachel-defenses up at all.

"I'm Adria," I say and her smile gets wider.

"A pleasure," she says, running her hands up Treven's chest. "I've heard about you."

That takes me by surprise. Since when did I become interesting enough to talk about?

"You have?"

Isis nods, her smile dazzling against her caramel-colored skin. "Hook up with a Mayfair," she says, glancing briefly at Isaac, "and everybody knows about it."

I breathe a quiet sigh of relief. I didn't want it to be for any other reason, the sort of reasons that might single me out for being human, or for once being Vargas property.

"Nate," Isaac says, "are you good?"

Xavier laughs at my right. "He didn't look so good on his ass a few seconds ago." He and Darren bump fists.

"I'm good," Nathan says, grinning over at Isaac and me.

I chuckle a little under my breath.

Suddenly I feel like I need to sit down again and I reach for the Jeep door. Isaac pulls away and takes my hand. "Let's go get something to eat," he says, looking worried. "Did you eat anything today?"

I shake my head. "The last thing I remember eating was a tuna fish sandwich for lunch yesterday-haven't had much of an appetite."

"Well no wonder," Isaac says. "You're going to eat."

"What about the windshield?" I say, gazing down at the concave where Seth's body had slammed against it.

Isaac looks at the windshield. Then he looks at me. Back at the windshield.

He turns at his side, pulls back his arm and buries his elbow into the already broken glass, busting it out the rest of the way.

Seth and his girlfriend hop off the hood of the Jeep quickly and go back to fondling each other a few feet away.

I just stare at Isaac, my lips parted, my eyebrows wrinkled in my forehead while he clears all of the thick, jagged pieces away. Good thing windshield glass isn't as thin and sharp as regular glass or else his arm would surely be covered in blood and cuts.

He opens the door for me, dusts the nugget-like pieces of glass out of my seat and gestures with his hand for me to get in. I just shake my head, barely containing the smile and hop inside.

"The restaurant isn't far," he says. "I'll drive slow so you don't get any bugs in your teeth." He grins.

"Gee, thanks," I say, smirking.

The Jeep's engine comes to life after Isaac gets in and he lets his window down as Treven comes around to his side.

"So who's it gonna' be anyway?" Treven says, leaning over at level with the window.

Isaac shakes his head once. "We don't know yet," he says. "So far, looks like it'll be Nathan."

I know they're talking about which of them will be Alpha.

Treven looks mildly surprised. "He's not going back with your father?"

"No," Isaac says looking at Nathan out ahead talking to Darren. "Things in our family have...changed."

I ignore the fact that his comment held an underlying meaning; one that I know involves me in some way.

"Well, man," Treven says, starting to lean away from the window, "not to be a dick, but you know you guys can't leave this territory without an Alpha for too much longer. The next challenge probably won't be from friends."

A knot forms in my throat and I can't swallow it down.

Isaac nods subtly, as if in thought, but agreeing with Treven. "I know." His answer is distant.

Treven smiles in at me, but there's something more determined in his eyes. "You watch your ass, babygirl," he says and looks back at Isaac. "You ever need us we've got your back."

"Thanks," Isaac says.

We pull away and Isaac drives slowly down the long dusty road, but it doesn't help as much as I'd like at keeping the dirt out of my face now that there is no windshield.

"You know," I say, wrinkling my nose at him, "you're kind of bloody to be going in a restaurant."

Isaac glances down at himself.

"Shower?" he says, looking over.

I nod heavily with a teeth-baring grimace.

We stop at his house first and he showers and borrows one of his brother's cars before we head to the restaurant.

5

I PICK AT MY food after the waiter brings it to our table. All I can think about now is coming down with the flu right before our summer trip to Portland. Well, I have a few days to get over whatever it is. It's annoying how at one moment I feel the sickness creeping up on me, and then the next moment I feel perfectly fine. At least the lightheadedness isn't coming and going with the general crappiness.

"I can't believe you're not going to eat that," Isaac says across from me. He spears a huge piece of salmon on the end of his fork and somehow works it into his mouth. He's a lot like Harry when it comes to food.

"Hey, I ate some of it."

"Not enough," he says, pointing at my plate with his fork. "Now eat."

I lean away from the table and press my back against the booth seat. Isaac stops eating and absently places his fork into the mound of rice on his plate. He swallows and takes a swig of soda, wiping his mouth afterwards with the edge of his thumb.

"Don't lie to me," he says, "how long have you been feeling like this?"

"Just since yesterday," I say, taking a deep breath. "I kind of felt like this last year right before I got the flu-I do not want to go through that again."

He goes back to eating, but keeps his attention fully on me.

"Maybe you should get a flu shot," he says, taking a bite of rice.

"Absolutely not," I object. "I don't do shots."

Isaac laughs.

"Alright, well then I can get Camilla to mix you one of her health drink concoctions-some of that stuff she makes can burn the bacteria right out of your blood."

"Uhhh, no I think I'd rather take my chances with the fever."

"Smart girl," he says grinning, pointing his fork toward me again.

"Why does she make health drinks anyway?" I say. "Not like she's going to die of any diseases or anything."

"She's the weird sister," is all that he says with the shrug of his shoulders. "Well, in any case," he goes on, "if you get sick, I'll bring you soup and Ginger Ale and stuff."

I can't hide the blush in my face and absently I pick up my fork and poke around in my rice just to distract from it.

We're situated next to a window that overlooks the parking lot. The sun shines fiercely, casting bright pools of light reflecting off car windows. The trees are green again and there are flowers near the entrance of the restaurant, though they had probably been planted recently by some landscaping service.

Business is beginning to pick up at the restaurant as the day wears on; mostly small families who, by the way they're dressed, look like just came from church, or something.

Feeling guilty for wasting so much food that I didn't pay for, I lift the fork barely into my mouth and eat a small bit of rice from the end of it.

Isaac reaches across the table and places his fingers on my wrist, slowly lowering my hand. I let go of the fork and just look at him.

"If you don't feel like eating," he says, "don't worry about it."

I sigh. "I just hate it that you-"

"No", he interrupts, "that doesn't matter to me and you know it-I thought we were past this already."

Pulling my legs up onto the seat, I cross them comfortably under the table and place my folded hands into the hollow of my lap. I let out another deep breath and lean my head back against the seat.

Last month, while standing in the concession line at the movie theatre, Isaac had made it perfectly clear that I could 'never again complain or feel guilty' about him paying for anything. I remember staring up at the ridiculous prices of popcorn and soda, refusing to let him pay for all that stuff after he had spent so much money on me throughout the course of that week. Lunch and dinner here and there. Blended iced coffee-he was to blame for getting me hooked on those anyway. A new leather purse I had just vaguely mentioned that I liked when we were in the mall in Augusta.

After that, I've been careful not to mention my like of just about anything because I know he'll go out of his way to get it for me.

"I know," I finally say, "but it's the way I am. Besides, I hate to waste food, regardless."

The waiter strolls over. "Would you like refills?" He goes to reach for my half-empty glass, but I decline. Isaac nods to the waiter, indicating he will take him up on the offer. "And please bring the check too, if you don't mind."

"Sure thing," the waiter replies while taking Isaac's glass from the table.

I raise my index finger and say, "And a to-go box, please," just before he leaves.

Isaac smirks and leans back in the seat, too.

"What?" I say with a weak trace of laughter in my voice. "I can't save it for later?" I tilt my head to one side, waiting for him to give in.

Isaac shakes his head, surrendering.

"I take it you're going to pay for the gas in my car on the way to Portland?" he says, looking at me in anticipation. "The convenience store stops? Oh, and the I Love Portland t-shirts?"

It started out as a joke, but somewhere between 'convenience store' and 'Oh' the jesting expression he wore failed under something more intolerant.

"Adria," he says, "I would never want you to change who you are, but with me, you're going to have to at least try to let that independent wall down a few notches."

I blink, confused, and at first feel like I should be offended until he continues.

"Why don't you let someone take care of you for once?" he says. "Besides, I can guarantee you won't win this argument, so why fight it?"

He eats the last of his food and then moves the plate to the end of the table.

I change the topic. He's right, after all.

"So," I say pursing my lips and narrowing my eyes, "how many times have you gone off with your insane brothers to do stuff like that?"

I catch the smile in Isaac's face as he glances downward at the table, but then he raises his hooded eyes to look at me.

"You mean since we've been together?"

I smirk at him, trying not to let him disarm me with that sexy grin playing provocatively on his lips.

"Yes, Isaac," I say, "since we've been together."

Damnit! I have absolutely no willpower when he does that! He lets the guileful smile heat up even more around his eyes. I have been disarmed.

"Isaac?" I say, crossing my arms and trying to gain some of my ground back.

"A few times," he answers. "A couple of weeks ago while you were at school, a pack came up from Vermont-they were friends also-and before that, the famous Choi brothers, Hyun, Hyo and Ki."

I look at him warily. "And were they friends?"

Isaac scowls. "Not so much," he admits, "but we beat them and they respect us for it."

Well, that was good to know, but he's still not off the hook here.

"And before the snow melted," he continues, "a pack came all the way from Washington."

I get the feeling they weren't friends either and that maybe this challenge didn't end as smoothly. My eyes get narrower as I wait for him to tell me.

"Yeah, I could've done without that fight," he says. "Remember when Nathan was out of commission for two days?"

"Yeah."

Isaac shakes his head and lets out a deep breath. "He was messed up pretty bad; the Alpha broke his back."

I wince.

"And he still didn't lose?" I could hardly believe it.

"Nope," he says. "Nathan has never lost a challenge."

"What about you?"

"Technically, I've never officially been challenged-Nathan's closer to Alpha than I am," he says. "But I've never lost a fight." He puts up a finger and backtracks. "No, I take that back. I did lose to Atma Sahni, though he fights dirty and most don't acknowledge that he beat me."

"But you do?"

"Yeah," Isaac admits. "Atma's a badass and I respect him. He may fight dirty, but I think you have to be able to counter anything, no matter how dirty."

I admire Isaac's admission.

"What did he do that was so dirty?"

Isaac's shoulders bounce gently with soft laughter.

"He attacked me in my sleep."

My mouth falls open. "Seriously?" I smack my palm against the table. "Was he a rogue?"

"No," Isaac unwraps a little complimentary peppermint and pops it in his mouth, "he just fights dirty, is all."

"Why are you smiling about it?"

I don't realize until after I ask the question that I'm sort of smiling too.

"Just thinking about it." He pulls the neck of his shirt down to show me the deep scar I've always known was there, cut across his jugular. "He cut my damn throat," he whispers.

"And that's funny?" I'm not smiling anymore. Actually, I'm kind of pissed that he finds this at all humorous.

"Baby, you know it takes more than that to kill one of us," he says, softening his expression to comfort me. "But you're right; I shouldn't talk about it that way with you. I know it hurts you."

"Yes. It does," I say matter-of-factly.

A woman and her small son walk past and sit at the booth behind us. Shortly after, two more families fill the empty tables nearby. The faint chatter of voices I'm used to hearing gradually becomes more evident as more and more conversations rise up all around us. I find myself lowering my own voice as if my simple everyday conversation with Isaac-though really it's not that simple and everyday-will give his secret away. I do that a lot when out with him anywhere. It never matters where. It doesn't seem to make any difference that Isaac looks perfectly human and that only I know him for what he truly is. I will always look over my shoulder, mind carefully what I say in public and sometimes even sweat a little when someone gets too close, as if they'll be able to detect the faintest difference in him.

It's absurd, but it comes with the territory, like being the keeper of a dark secret and you're paranoid everyone around you knows you know more than you're telling.

"So why'd you change the subject?" Isaac says, catching me off-guard. "You're not getting away with it that easily."

"Get away with what?" I really did forget what we had been talking about before.

"That independent wall," he reminds me.

"Fine, you win," I say, looking across at him. "But only under one condition."

His lips tug into a surprised, subtle grin. "Oh really?" he says, reaching across the table and enclosing both of my hands underneath his own. He pulls my hands up and brushes his lips across the tops of my fingers. "You know, I've never done well with conditions. They make me feel all...restricted." He kisses the fingers on the other hand and I melt further into the seat.

But I have to pull my hands away before I fall completely under his spell and so I move back against the seat again, playfully pushing him away, though the tips of my fingers graze his for longer than they should.

"Will you stop that?" I can't help but smile. "Manipulation is a villainous trait, you know."

Isaac chokes back a small laugh and his blue eyes grow a little wider.

"The condition," I begin in my most authoritarian tone, "is that you can't buy something just because I happen to mention that I like it."

He crosses his muscular arms in front of him and just looks at me. I wait a few seconds longer for his objection, but apparently, I still have the floor.

"When we go somewhere," I continue, "it's like I'm tip-toeing around everything I say-I didn't really want the leather purse that much."

"Yes you did."

I blink, stunned.

"No I didn't."

"Yes, actually you did," he repeats. "Your words were: 'I frickin' love this purse, Zia-look at the little skulls on the inside.'"

It's funny, but stings a bit, how he called me out, but I pretend not to be fazed. "I was talking to Zia," I say, now crossing my arms to mimic him. "It's what girls do; we fall in love with pointless stuff all the time, but in reality we only love it as long as it's new. I was totally over it after the first day I carried it to school."

That isn't entirely the truth, but when he looks at me that way, with that trademark sexy, confident smile, I tend to babble a lot.

"Fine," he says, uncrossing his arms, "I won't buy you anymore purses." He rolls the peppermint package between his fingers and places it on the plate. Even that insignificant movement seems calculated, as if he's only pretending to be giving me my way.

"No," I lean up fully and reach across the table, taking the front of his shirt into my fist. "Not just purses, Isaac. Otherwise, I'll start saying how much I frickin' love stuff from Tiffany's and Louis Vuitton." I pull him toward me by his shirt and press my lips against his, tasting the peppermint without having his tongue in my mouth.

We break the kiss at the same time, pulling away from each other barely two inches, his shirt still wedged in my fingertips.

"Adorable," he says and a little girlish grin spreads across my face, though I'm not sure if he's being affectionate, or mischievous. Isaac is good at that; unreadable when he wants to mess with my head because he knows it makes me crazy.

I don't have time to figure it out as the waiter interrupts the moment, approaching gradually and then placing Isaac's drink and the check on the table. He takes our finished plates away.

He forgot the to-go box, but I don't say anything.

"Thank you," Isaac nods, moving his hand over the check before I can see the total and annoy him with my futile objections about him paying for it.

The waiter nods and strolls away, leaving us alone again.

Pulling out his wallet, Isaac fingers through his bills and chooses a ten for the tip, placing it near the half-full bread basket.

He takes a quick drink and stands first, offering his hand to me. "Ready to go see Seth off?" he says and I slip my hand into his, maneuvering myself out of the booth.

The moment I stand I feel hot blood rush up the back of my neck and into my head. Furious black spots spin around in front of my eyes like thousands of mosquitos, causing me to squint and become disoriented. Catching my breath is more urgent than an answer, so I keep my eyes on the table hoping Isaac won't notice.

"Adria," he holds tightly onto my waist, his strong fingers pressing into my ribs tenderly. "Sit back down," he says, guiding me back toward the booth seat, but I refuse.

"No, I'm fine," I say, searching my mind for the most logical explanation. "It'll pass-damn flu, I know I'm getting it. And right before summer break, too." I clench a fist at my side, totally mad about the timing.

The palm of Isaac's hand covers my forehead, testing the level of heat coming from it-though I don't feel at all feverish-and then both of his hands cup my cheeks. He stares into my eyes. "Are you sure?" he urges me. "You can go home or to my house and take a nap instead."

From the corner of my eye, I notice the couple sitting to the left of us has been listening. The woman looks away when she notices my gaze on her.

"I'll be alright," I say, looking at Isaac again, my face still resting in his hands. "We'll go see Seth and then it'll be a long, hot bath and bed at home for me."

Isaac barely smiles, almost as if he doesn't believe a word I said about being fine to go on with our plans.

6

SETH, THIRD OLDEST OF Isaac and his brothers, is leaving for Serbia tonight and they're throwing a big party for him at the Mayfair house. It was supposed to be Nathan, the oldest and next in line to inherit Trajan's throne, but Nathan decided sometime after that fateful night at the Vargas house that he will stay in the States and rule here.

I'm convinced this was all Isaac's doing.

Nathan wanted Isaac to rule here. He was more than ready to give up his 'Ascendency', as they call it, to Isaac not only so that Nathan could go back to Serbia with his father, but because Nathan wanted Isaac to be Alpha here.

But something changed in Isaac after he rescued me from certain death at the hands of Viktor Vargas. He's been different. Not to me-except that he's become even more protective than before-but to everyone else around him. His priorities have changed and from what I gather from conversations Isaac seems to leave me out of, his loyalty has shifted:

"I'm unfit to lead here, Nathan," I overheard him say just last week. "When I made the decision to do it, it changed everything. And I don't regret it."

I had been downstairs in Isaac's kitchen with Zia and we were about to leave for Finch's Grocery, but I left my purse upstairs in Isaac's room and had run back up to get it.

When I heard them talking inside the room, I forced myself to listen at the door.

"I get it, man," Nathan said, "but this is your pack, little brother, not mine and not Seth's. It was meant for you."

Silence ensued for a brief few seconds, which made me nervous they might know I was right outside the door.

"I can't do it," Isaac said. "To try and take on both, I would be failing both and you know it. Our father is barely capable of doing it himself and his years and experience far outweighs mine. I can't do it."

Take on both of what? I thought.

I wanted to push myself closer against the cracked door even though I could hear them just fine, but I was too afraid to make the slightest bit of movement, worried I'd give myself away.

I heard one of them sigh heavily and assumed it was Nathan.

"Then like I said before, I stay here too," Nathan said with heavy abandon in his voice. "If you give up your Ascendency to Seth, you know that Father will denounce your Lineage."

"I don't care," Isaac said coldly, as if he truly meant it, though the repercussion still wounded him. "An Alpha protects his own."

My palms were sweating and I had stopped breathing at some point, just to make sure I didn't miss anything under the sound of my breath. But at those last words, the breath caught in the back of my throat just as I had thought it safe to let go. I swallowed hard. An Alpha protects his own. Trajan had said that once, the night I met him and Aramei in the cave. A hundred things went through my mind then, but the one I plucked out of the disarray, the one my rational mind chose to believe was the obvious: Isaac's first and most important responsibility is to me. Alpha or not, Isaac's loyalties are to me and while it makes me feel like the most important girl in the world, it also doesn't feel right.

Why do I want to be the reason that Isaac loses anything? I'm not well-schooled in the werewolf history and how their principles, beliefs and customs work, but I know enough to know that Isaac is giving up everything for me.

I don't like it, that he feels such a responsibility to me. I don't like it that I feel like a responsibility at all.

After that day, after I had snuck quietly away from the bedroom door, I tried to talk to Isaac about it on many different occasions. I never let on that I had been eavesdropping so it was difficult to fish for answers about things I wasn't supposed to know.

But I never got much in the way of answers not coated by simple, unconvincing half-truths.

"I'm taking you home as soon as it's over," Isaac says, looking over at me in the front seat of his car. We pull into the driveway and he kills the engine.

"Fine by me," I agree and go to open the car door. I don't feel any better this time after the lightheaded spell. Instead, it seems to linger, just enough for me to know it's there, but not enough to make me want to sit down and gather myself.

Isaac comes around to my side of the car quickly and takes my hand.

The Mayfair house is crowded, more so than I have ever seen and that's saying a lot. I don't know half of the people all standing around gawking at us as we make our way past the kitchen and into the den. They don't gawk anymore because I'm with Isaac. They do it because I'm human.

I wonder if Harry and I are the only humans. He stands off to the side near the staircase with Daisy in front of him, encircled in his arms. I'm surprised at how well Harry takes to all of this, how easily he accepts it. He and I hardly ever talk about it anymore, about his girlfriend and my boyfriend being werewolves (we talk about them all the time, just not in that way). Sometimes I wonder if he has a better handle on everything than I do. That he somehow fits into this secret world naturally, and I'm still a newbie working my way through the amateur stage.

I feel like an outsider around everyone but Isaac and the few friends in our little group.

The house smells richly of food: pot roast, buttered dinner rolls and maybe even some kind of pie. All I know for sure is that it isn't helping the creeping sickness, which I react to instantly once the scent reaches my nostrils. I feel my throat retch a little, but I let out a deep breath and help myself farther away from the kitchen entrance. Isaac is beside me all the way and I notice as we approach the couch, those who had been sitting on it, as usual, move at once. I never look up from staring down at the floor. Honestly, I'm sure I'll either puke, or pass out if I look at anything higher than my waist.

Slowly, I lean into the softness of the couch. The back of my neck I feel is moist with a gross, prickling sweat, the kind I remember feeling right before I puked in school last year after getting food poisoning.

This is bad.

I don't remember feeling like this with the flu. At first, when the symptoms were only mild, yes it felt similar. But now, I'm not so sure. The symptoms aren't going away. They're getting worse and multiplying, quickly.

But I suck it up.

So many voices carry on all around me, mostly talking about Seth and his Ascendancy. Odd, sophisticated conversations about thrones and lineage and a host of other things to which I can never offer input.

Yeah, I definitely feel like an outsider. And despite Harry being here too, I still feel like the only human.

But then Genna Bishop, who I only know from Mrs. Schvolsky's Geometry glass, comes strolling down the stairs and I only have time to wonder why she is here. Other than Harry and me, there has never been anyone else from school hanging out here.

And I sort of hate Genna Bishop because she is so beautiful that, as one of Nature's laws, it's impossible not to hate her. Jet-black hair that flows like silk down the middle of her back. Soft, creamy skin that would be tragic if ever tanned. Green eyes so radiant that I swear she must wear contacts because eyes can never be that striking naturally. Even the way she moves, every subtle gesture of the hands, the way she tilts her head to one side when she smiles, is graceful and fascinating. Genna is a kind and quiet girl and has never come off as spoiled or conceited or shallow, but I hate her in that secret, envious way.

She steps down off the last step, her gentle fingers sliding away from the wooden banister. Maybe it's just me, or maybe it's because she arrived earlier and everyone else has already had their fill of gawking, but I notice I'm the only one staring as she makes her way through the room. Figures appear to move to let her by in areas where there is little space, but no one really looks at her. They go on with their conversations as though she's any other ordinary girl and isn't more beautiful than everyone in the room combined.

She's coming toward me.

Instantly, I feel like camouflaging myself into the couch. Not only do I feel disgusting because of the impending illness sure to ruin my Portland trip, but suddenly not even one of my favorite shirts and best pair of jeans seems adequate.

Secretly, I glance over at Isaac sitting next to me, just to see if he feels as compelled to look at her as I do, but he doesn't seem to notice her at all, at least not until she steps up to us. But it isn't enough to warrant his attention. He goes back to talking with Nathan who sits on the couch arm on the other side of him.

"Hi," she says, smiling as she stands over me, "I'm Genna. From Mrs. Schvolsky's class?"

Really? Did she actually think I wouldn't remember her?

I smile back at her, but I'm not about to stand up and risk vertigo or vomiting. "Yeah, I recognize you. How are you?" I really like her, despite not knowing her and setting that whole hate thing aside. I would never treat her badly.

"I'm good," she says.

Awkward silence.

"Ummm, want to sit down?" I say, patting the cushion to my left. "Kind of packed in here."

Her face seems to light up a little more.

Isaac and Nathan look over at me warily, but I ignore them.

"Yeah I guess it is," Genna says as she sits down next to me. "Thanks." I feel her hand touch my shoulder, but I really think nothing of it.

Maybe Genna just feels like an outsider as much as I do. I admit, even with Isaac next to me, it's hard not to feel like dinner.

She sits with her back straight and proper, one leg crossed over the other and her pretty powder hands folded loosely on her knee.

And then it occurs to me: Is she really human? I have to know and soon, because how can I have a conversation with her otherwise? Too many factors have to be taken into consideration: If she's human, but doesn't know what everyone else is, I have to choose my words wisely. If she does know, then it'll be awesome to be able to talk about it. And if she isn't human...well, there will be a lot questions for Isaac about why I wasn't told about her sooner.

I shift uncomfortably on the couch.

I can hear Nathan and Isaac talking to the right of me about how they think Seth is strong enough to lead his own pack in Serbia. I see Damien and Dwarf, Zia's brothers, standing at the den entrance hand-in-hand with new girlfriends-new girlfriends every month with those two, it seems-but can't make out what they're saying over the chorus of voices between them and me. Somewhere to my left near the hallway, I feel Rachel's uncouth comments coat my skin like something foul and hard to wash away. Of course, she thinks my presence here is 'inappropriate', but that's not a huge surprise.

Ah yes, Rachel. Seven months wasn't enough time for her to get used to me. In fact, it's been just enough time to cause her to hate me more than ever. But I've learned to ignore her for the most part. She can-and does-talk about me every time she sees me, but as long as her hatred never goes further than immature comments, then I can live with that. Literally.

I force a small smile and turn back to Genna beside me, pushing Rachel's words out of my ears.

"It's okay," Genna says in a low whisper, "I'm like you-not so much them, except that I do love a good steak every once in a while."

It's as if she's been digging around inside my head. Either that or the worries are etched all over my face and totally obvious. I'm pretty sure it's the latter.

"So you're..." I hesitate to say the H-word because I know that saying it aloud will make me feel even more out of place. I lean in closer to her, letting my gaze briefly observe those nearby. "You're human?"

Genna beams at me, somehow making me feel comfortable with so little effort. Her eyes seem to sparkle, but of course I know my own eyes are playing tricks on me because that isn't possible. Not the way I saw it happen, as if sunlight had reflected off an emerald at just the right angles.

She answers simply by smiling.

Genna crosses the opposite leg and lets her back slouch forward just a little, her thin fingers still dangling deftly over her knee. Even her fingernails are the perfect length and shape, painted with a layer of clear nail polish and at the tips of each are tiny decals of black and turquoise butterflies.

I sit straight up and give her all of my attention.

"How did you end up...," I search for the appropriate words, "...behind the scenes, if you will?"

Genna lets out a soft spat of air and a wedge of black hair falls near her eye. She reaches up and slides her fingers underneath it, tucking it back behind her ear.

"Nathan and I," she stops and looks over at Nathan, but it seems more a thoughtful moment rather than to see if he might be listening. "We met at Finch's Grocery."

"Oh," I say as if finally understanding the hidden meaning behind her placid expression. "How long have you two been going out?" I look at Nathan too, wondering about his current girlfriend and hoping he's not some kind of cheating pig-I just never thought of him as the type. Strangely enough, I'm the only one of us that feels the need to speak in a whisper about Nathan.

Genna shakes her head. "Oh," she says, "It's nothing like that. He and I are just friends."

Well, that's a relief, but still, I find it odd, seeing as how he doesn't say anything to her when she sits down next to us. I can't put my finger on it, but Genna Bishop is hiding something.

"It's nice to have someone around here not so 'wolfy', don't you think?" she says, smiling brightly over at me.

I admit that, yes, it is nice, but I keep it to myself because I don't want to give anyone the wrong impression, especially Isaac. "Well, I guess so," I say, "but I'm not too bothered by it, being the only human."

Genna raises a brow. "What about Harry?" she says, looking across the room at him. "Oh wow, is he...."

"No, no, no," I say, shaking my head, "he's definitely human. I guess I just forget that sometimes." I look over at him too, and feel guilty for it.

"A natural," she says in a soft, distant voice.

Not sure if there is some kind of hidden meaning behind that, but I get the strangest feeling from it. I might've probed her about the comment if I didn't realize all of a sudden that I'm feeling miraculously better. I lift my head upward and then swish it side to side just to see if I'll get dizzy or lose the few bites of rice I had earlier, but I feel fine.

In fact, I feel awesome.

Maybe the sickness jumped off me and decided it liked Genna better. It's a bad thing to wish upon someone, but I can't help it! Vacation is at stake here!

Before I can comment on how great I feel-because it's definitely conversation-worthy-everyone who is sitting suddenly rises into a stand and I feel Isaac's hand slip around my upper arm. Genna stands up beside me too. I notice I'm slightly taller than her, maybe by an inch, but it's enough to satisfy my need to have something that surpasses her.

The voices carrying on all throughout the room and the upstairs floor overlooking the den slowly begin to fade as a tall woman-taller than my triumphant one inch-enters the room. She wears tight black leather clothing and lace-up boots with thick, short heels. Only the skin of her hands, her face and her throat, shows. The tight collar of the long-sleeved top that she wears covers the back of her neck and curves in an elegant wave around the front where it splits downward into a V at the base of her throat. Her cheekbones are sharp and hard and the way her fierce dark red hair is pulled tightly into a ponytail stretches her face and eyebrows into an even more severe line.

She scares me. Although almost as stunning as Genna Bishop (but older and with no glow to her face), I can bet this woman has probably never smiled in her life. She looks every bit unfriendly, military-strict even, with rigorous determination and intolerance to failure in her eyes.

She reminds me of Trajan.

Absently, I feel my hand tighten around Isaac's, my fingers crushing his into compliance.

"Who's that?" I whisper harshly to him, but I never take my eyes off the woman...or werewolf, which I'm sure she is.

Isaac moves his thumb in a circular motion over the sensitive skin between my thumb and index finger, soothing me. "That's Seth's mother, Natasa Vargasavic. She'll be Seth's escort to Serbia."

Natasa...that name...I remember that name from the old book in the chest at the Vargas house seven months ago. I see the pages flipping in front of my eyes again, the foreign language, the sketch art and what those in the art symbolized. I can even still smell the mildew and salt of the chest that protected the book. I can feel the fragile, historical pages moving across my fingers, making me feel dirty and in a way, unfaithful.

"Glad she's not my mother," Isaac adds, leaning closer to my ear. "She's worse than Sibyl."

Finally, I tear my gaze away from Natasa to see Isaac beside me, to see if he looks as crazy as he sounded just then.

"What?" I say, unbelieving. "How can anyone be worse than your mother?" Wait...I need to contemplate this for a sec. If she's worse than Sibyl, the one who tried to kill me and Isaac, why in the hell would she be here? I glance at Natasa quickly one more time. I don't know which is more pressing, that particular biting question, or feeling guilty for talking about Isaac's mother the way I just did.

I choose to get my half-assed apology out of the way first.

"I mean...well, you know what I mean," I say.

Sibyl is an awful woman; even Isaac will be the first to admit it, but it still feels like an insult whenever I'm the one saying it. Isaac doesn't care, I know, but I have a submissive relationship with guilt.

"He's right," Nathan says, "If Seth ever comes back here it might not be in one piece."

A tiny gasp escapes Genna, her dainty little fingers resting gently on her lips; her emerald-green eyes are wide and focused.

"You don't mean that literally...right?" I say.

Nathan, Isaac and even their sister, Phoebe, who stands beside Nathan, all nod in unison like the bobble-heads my stepdad, Jeff, had on the dashboard of his truck.

"She's not a traitor like Sibyl," Isaac says to me. "But Natasa can easily rip Sibyl in two pieces without even thinking about it. It's why my father later lost interest in Sibyl, because Natasa was more powerful," he adds, though still looking toward Natasa as she weaves her way to the front of the room near the large rock fireplace. I look to Natasa and then behind her at the painting of Trajan and Aramei, back and forth, wondering briefly about this odd series of relationships.

I hope this sort of thing doesn't run in the family.

"Love?" Isaac says. "Are you sure you're okay?"

I snap out of the reverie and turn back to him.

"Yeah, I was just thinking."

The corners of Isaac's mouth lift into a smile. He brings me into his chest, wrapping his arms around me from behind and nuzzles his lips against my ear. "About what?" His breath on the side of my neck sends shivers dancing across the skin there. But I can't let him soften me right now. Not with that tall, terrifying werewolf, the one worse than Isaac's mother, standing dominantly in the room like a tyrant.

The pages from that old book flash in my mind again suddenly. I shift in Isaac's arms and tilt my head to see his face. "What did you say her last name was?"

Isaac looks down at me confused, maybe because I seem so distracted, because I am, and then he says, "Vargasavic. Why?"

I look across the room at Natasa again, chewing on that name, looking for the connection.

"Isn't that Viktor's true last name?"

There is a very long pause as Isaac looks at me more contemplatively. His eyes crease inward, wrinkling the spot just above his nose. "How did you know that?"

7

I SWALLOW A HUGE gulp of air and feel my eyes get bigger in their sockets as I realize the can of worms I just opened. But for the moment, I'm saved by a voice as intimidating as the body it carries from.

"I see leeadership here ees been vaning," Natasa says, her solid, narrow chin held high and imperially. She appears to be gazing at each and every body in the room with indignant disapproval. And she has a strong Serbian-English accent. Almost sounds Russian to me. But then, I really wouldn't know about that sort of thing. Vaning? I'm pretty sure she meant 'waning'.

No one else dares speak over her.

I see dozens of hard, engaged faces staring across the room. Those in the front row stand with their backs straight and their hands folded together, resting at the pelvis.

Natasa raises a hand and slowly her index finger unfolds from the others. The gesture produces a giant man who had been standing off to the side amid the crowd, near the foyer exit. His arms are as big around as both of my thighs, rippling with muscles and hard, pronounced veins. His head is square-shaped and I can't imagine where his neck disappeared to.

Natasa says something to him in her native language and he bows and turns on his heels to do her bidding.

Her voice rises over the crowd once again. "Vukasin has neeglecteed thees haus too long." My stomach hardens when her gaze falls in our direction. She moves her head side to side once slowly, as if dissatisfied. "Hopefulee Natheen vill doo vut needs to be done." She looks away coldly and adds, "But I doubt eet."

Wow. What a bitch....

I glance over at Nathan carefully, as though worried my movement might attract Natasa's attention, and I notice right away the boiling resentment in his eyes. But he doesn't say anything to defend himself. It's probably best, but for some puzzling reason I feel this great urge to say something for him. I clench my fists and hold it back. What, am I insane? I take a sharp breath through my nose, hold it there for a moment and let it back out through my nose very slowly. "Calm down, Adria," I hear Genna say so low that I wonder if I really heard it at all. I turn my chin sideward to look at her. Why would she say that anyway? My uncharacteristic anger can't be that obvious, can it? Genna is still facing Natasa, but I see her eyes just barely move to acknowledge me.

"Did you say that?" I whisper to her.

She seems nervous now, the skin on her forehead hardening somewhat and her gaze falsely fixated on Natasa.

Isaac's hand tightens a little around my wrist and then slides down to lock fingers with mine. He squeezes my hand carefully, just enough to let me know that he hears every word I'm saying and that Natasa might hear it, too.

I swallow hard and come back to my senses.

"My son, Sethius, will be the perfect leader for the Western Stara Planina once he is properly trained," Natasa says, and I'm glad that I've already adjusted to her accent. "His rulership will also encompass much of Bulgaria." She looks to her right where Seth stands tall, obediently, and she continues, "Lord Andrei Prvovencani will train him and when he is ready, Sethius will fight Andrei to the death and Ascend his position." She folds her hands together behind her back and raises her chin even higher. "It is destiny that Sethius surpass his elder brothers here in America to take this throne directly under his Great Father."

Every head in the room, except for mine and Harry's, bows collectively at the title Natasa used to address Trajan. Mine and Harry's eyes lock from across the room, both of us wondering if we should be doing the same. Just as everyone else is raising their heads, Harry's lowers in a cumbersome, delayed reaction.

I figure it's too late for me so I shrug it off and hope no one notices.

Natasa's cold, narrow eyes skirt me, but she doesn't say anything. I swallow another lump lodged in the back of my throat.

A fight to the death? That's pretty harsh. I look over at Seth, the way he stands there with his chest pushed out solidly, his back straight and his chin held high. His short, dark, copper-colored hair cut neatly on top, accentuating his matching copper-colored eyes. He doesn't seem to be afraid. I don't suspect an ounce of discomfort in his face.

His girlfriend however, standing against a far wall, looks extremely uncomfortable. Her light brown hair rests down around her rounded face and tapered eyes; her mouth is pulled into a nervous frown.

"Who is Andrei," I whisper to Isaac without looking at him.

He whispers back in the same stealthy manner, "Our brother."

Another brother? I want to ask more questions now, but I know I've been pushing the limits and so I stay quiet instead.

"When you all see Sethius again," Natasa continues, "he shall be addressed only as Lord Sethius. To address him as any other name is a death sentence." She looks in our direction again. "His brothers are not exempt and will also forfeit their lives, just as they forfeit their duties."

Isaac's hand tightens around mine more forcefully, but I know this time it was Natasa's words that caused it.

"Breathe, Adria," I hear Genna say and I swing my head around harshly this time to see her.

"What?" I say aloud.

She doesn't respond.

The Collective looks right at me now.

Isaac grips my hand so tight that it can only mean I'm being warned.

Natasa looks right at me and this time doesn't look away. I feel her gaze tearing through me with burning indignation.

"Is this your mate?" she says to Isaac, still staring into my eyes and now moving through the crowd toward us.

"Yes, Lord Natasa," Isaac answers, bowing his head once.

Lord? I feel my face crinkle at that masculine title.

"If you wish to keep her little human body in one piece," she says so coldly, "you should teach her to know her place in my presence."

Isaac's head bows again, but this time he holds it there for five long seconds.

I don't know what's come over me, but my whole body seethes with anger. It's like my mind has been split into two parts, two adversarial consciences. One knows that this situation is taking a grave turn and that I shouldn't say or do anything else. The other half wants to tell this tyrant exactly what I think of her.

Unfortunately, the half that isn't me is smothering the other.

"You're threatening me?" I say and I can suddenly see the whites of every eye in the room.

Natasa stops cold, drawing back her chin in a slow, interrogative manner.

I notice Genna at my side go to reach out, maybe to place her hand on my shoulder again, maybe to 'calm me down' as she had been-I think-trying to do, but I recoil from her. "No," I say to Genna and start to move toward Natasa. Isaac grabs me from behind, securing me in place with his arms tight around my waist.

What am I doing? I think to myself. Natasa could kill me!

I stop struggling against Isaac and just stand there, frozen in my own stupidity and confusion. I look back at him and his gaze is poignant and apprehensive.

I also notice that Genna is gone.

Natasa's voice startles me, pulls me right out of the confused state of mind and drops me into a panicked one. I turn around to face her, feeling the heat secrete from her body just inches from mine.

"I-I'm sorry," I say, pulling myself closer against Isaac. I try not to look at her, but my eyes can't seem to stay focused downward. I notice instantly how sick I feel again, how dizzy I'm getting over the course of these long, traumatic seconds.

"Look at me," she says and I raise my head.

Oh no...I shouldn't have done that.

I take a deep breath and try to hold myself upright. The ceiling is starting to spin.

Isaac holds me rigidly and I can feel his heartbeat booming violently against my back. I doubt he knows I'm about to pass out. He's focused on Natasa, ready to protect me from her if that's what it comes down to.

Natasa grazes the side of my face with the back of her fingers. She even feels dangerous. It doesn't matter that her touch is soft; it also feels deadly, like watching a Black Widow crawl slowly up my bare arm. I hold my breath and pray it doesn't bite me.

"Interesting," she says and I feel her fingers fall away from my cheek. Her eyes move to and from me and Isaac in a calculating exchange, until finally they rest on Isaac. "You still breathe," she says to him, "so this tells me that either Vukasin has become merciful, or..." she looks at me one more time for barely a second, "he does not yet know."

She smiles cunningly at Isaac. "Of course, we both know the answer to that, don't we?" she says and her words cause my skin to prickle.

I can't hold myself up for much longer.

Why won't she leave us alone?

I need to breathe.

"But no matter," Natasa says more dismissively, waving her hand in the space between us. "I have more important duties to supervise than the foolish actions of a subordinate."

She looks right at me now. "Were it not for your...handicap...I would have killed you where you stand."

She walks away, leaving me barely standing in a pool of trepidation. I feel my chest shrivel as I finally let out my breath and the ceiling and walls and bodies all spin around me as the floor comes out from under me.

I black out.

8

I CAN'T REMEMBER ANYTHING from the second I blacked out up until now as I lay in Isaac's bed, staring at the ceiling. How long have I been here? I can't get my head together. It feels like my body is on one side of the room and my mind on another and slowly they're meeting each other halfway. My hand comes up to rub my forehead, but even this movement feels strange and unbalanced.

My tongue feels weird, kind of heavy and it tastes like I've been sucking on a penny, though it's not foul, just intense and unfamiliar. I need some water. I lift my upper body from the mattress and hold my weight up first by the palms of my hands until I feel it's okay to let my back do the supporting.

The window is open, letting in a nice breeze as it dances against the long, flowing curtain before escaping into the room.

Isaac is standing outside in the hall talking to Harry.

"Is she alright?" I hear Harry say. He stares anxiously at Isaac, waiting for Isaac to let him pass.

"Go on in," Isaac says and opens the door for him.

Wait...how could I have heard their words so clearly as if I had been standing right there with them, or been able to see Harry's face as they stood on the other side of the closed door?

"Are you alright?" Harry says, coming up to the side of the bed. "What happened?" He reaches out and presses his hand to my forehead. "You don't feel hot." He gazes at me anxiously and finally sits down next to me on the side of the bed.

I'm still trying to understand what happened just now. I can't even begin to piece any of it together. Maybe the door was already open and I just thought I could decipher everything by their tone. Yes, that has to be it.

"I'm getting sick," I finally say. "At least...," I pause, testing how I feel now because I don't feel sick anymore at all. I feel awake and healthy and revived, a lot like I felt in that short period of time downstairs right after Genna sat beside me on the couch. Except better. "I feel...well I feel great right now actually, but all day I've been having these bizarre off-and-on dizzy spells." Nothing I'm saying actually feels right to me, but it seems enough for Harry to accept.

"You should see a doctor," he says. "Get some meds in your system before Friday gets here. I'll take you to the clinic myself if I have to. You can't leave me to fend for myself in Portland. What if they all decide to wolf-out at the same time and eat me?" He's joking of course and even Isaac can't help but smile as he stands off to the side, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed.

"Harry?" I say and he stops talking and looks at me seriously. "Are you wearing lipstick?" I reach up and rub my thumb against the corner of his mouth like wiping a streak of dirt off a kid's face. I look at my hand and then back up at him and smile. "Or are you wearing Daisy?"

Harry's face turns beet red. He reaches up with his fingers in a claw-grip and covers my whole face with his hand, pushing me backward playfully. I gently slap his hand away, laughing softly.

"Seriously, Adria," Harry continues as he stands from the bed, "you really should see a doctor. I admit that woman can make any guy piss his pants, but it's not normal to be passing out like that."

Reminded of Natasa, I don't feel so playful anymore. In that brief span of time, I really had forgotten everything that happened downstairs. But this I knew was a conversation better suited for Isaac and so I decide to wait for Harry to leave the room before I start asking questions.

I look across at Isaac and he likely already knows what's going on inside my head. I can practically hear his gears churning, preparing his brain for what kind of answers he's going to have to give me.

"Harry!" Daisy shouts from somewhere down the hall.

"In Isaac's room!"

He looks back at me, tucking one side of his blue plaid button-up shirt inside his jeans. "The doctor-okay?" he says.

I nod a few times, thinking about it. "Yeah, okay I'll go get checked out," I lie to get him off my back. No way I'm going to see any doctor willingly.

Daisy stands in the doorway, long blond curly hair draped over both shoulders. She smiles at me. "Better already I see."

"Yeah, I guess I am," I say, but I'm completely bewildered by it still.

"I must apologize for my mum," she says. "She's that way with everyone, so don't take it personally." Harry takes her hand, a set of jingling car keys dangle from her other hand.

"Natasa's your mother?" I never expected that, Daisy being English and all. Not to mention, Daisy and Xavier have golden-blond hair, Natasa has dark red hair and Trajan's hair is almost black. Mentally, I'm scratching my head.

"Shannon's mum, too," she adds. "Obviously Xavier's."

Obviously, because Daisy and Xavier are twins.

"Harry, are you ready?" she says. "Have less than an hour to get there."

Harry points at me sternly as they go to leave together, Daisy pulling him along by his fingertips. "You better go!" he demands, squinting one eye.

"I will, I will," I say and he disappears around the corner.

Isaac shuts the door.

"How long was I out?" I say as I get up from the bed.

"Not long," Isaac says, cupping my elbows in his hands as he stands in front of me now. He leans over and touches his forehead to mine. "About ten minutes, I guess."

He leans away from me now.

I'm too bewildered by the whole thing to do anything but stare out at whatever, thinking. The dresser beside me is nothing but a blurry object smudged into the wall. I blink back into reality and it solidifies back into view.

"But I feel practically...perfect, now."

I look to Isaac for answers and his hands fall away from my arms. "Well that's a good thing, isn't it?" He walks to the closet and nudges a pair of boots away from the door with his foot and opens it.

"Yeah, of course it is," I say, "but it's just...well it's strange. I feel like...," I'm having a hard time figuring out the best way to describe this, "...like my body just decided it wasn't going to be sick. I mean, I felt like that a little earlier downstairs, but then all of a sudden it came back out of nowhere when Natasa...."

"Yeah, I should've warned you about her," Isaac says, closing the closet door. He takes his shirt off and tosses it in the laundry basket behind the nearby chair. "I didn't expect her to zone in on you, but then...well, never mind." He raises his arms halfway to slip the new shirt on he had pulled from the closet. The navy fabric rolls down over his six-pack, the sleeves fit tight around his toned biceps.

"No never mind," I say. "But then what?"

He moves around the room, avoiding eye contact, but it doesn't seem to be intentional. He's looking for something. "It's no big deal," he says, exploring underneath the chair cushion by the laundry basket. "You definitely scored brownie points with everyone, that's for sure."

I cross my arms and stand in the center of the room. "How so?" I have to hear this. It's news to me that to faint in the middle of an important werewolf ceremony-whatever will score 'brownie points'. This should be good.

"You stood up to Natasa," Isaac says, pushing the chair cushion back down and moving toward the bed. "Natasa, I'm sure, even respects you more because of what you did. She may be a hardass, but one thing she responds negatively to is weakness. Fainted or not, you showed strength." He raises upright fully from being bent over looking under the pillows. "I knew she wouldn't hurt you."

"Oh, really?" I'm not sure I fully believe him; or rather I'm not so sure he fully believes it himself.

He comes over to me, his eyes smiling softly with devotion.

"Yes, really," he says, cupping my elbows again, my arms still crossed over my stomach. He draws me closer and brushes his lips across mine and my lashes fall and my arms unfold slowly. "And, I uh, have to say...what you did was a huge turn-on." He takes my bottom lip carefully between his teeth until I give in fully to the kiss, pressing myself against his body. His fingers spread to hold my head in his hands, his thumbs resting on my cheeks. He's always so gentle, yet so dominant with me that it makes me mad for him.

This is what got me into trouble three months ago.

It takes everything in me to resist him. Absolutely everything. And during the week before every full moon, when Isaac's hormones are in overdrive, it makes it that much harder to abstain. He has never crossed the line and the second I back out, he always backs down.

It's when my body doesn't want to back down that makes Isaac more dangerous. When his human and animal instincts know that I want him even if I'm only pretending not to.

Like the night three months ago.

Like right now.

Full moon is still nearly four weeks out...maybe I can prolong this moment for a just a little longer and get away with it.

I kiss Isaac harder and feel his chest melt into me. His hands slip underneath my bottom, lifting my body up, my legs wrapped around his waist. He breathes in more deeply, his mouth still crushed against mine.

For only a moment the kiss breaks and I hear him whisper playfully, "I'm onto you," and he pecks me softly once. Twice.

My lips graze his. "How so?" I whisper back and graze them again.

He nudges his mouth underneath my chin and I lift my head and close my eyes as the warmth from his lips trails down my throat in little kisses. "Like jumping off a cliff into water," he says and my whole body quivers as the tip of his tongue gently traces a path along the side of my neck. If my eyes could open right now, my vision would be fuzzy. My breath comes out in a soundless shudder.

I tighten my legs around his waist and go to lay my head on his shoulder, but he pulls away from my neck and smiles at me, easily finding the demure tone that my face carries.

He's seen it before.

"I'm sorry," I say and this isn't the first time I've apologized for this, for running toward the edge of the cliff again and again, but stopping just in time because I still haven't found the courage to jump off.

Isaac kisses my forehead, letting his lips linger there for a moment and then he carries me over to the chair. Leaning over, he sets me down and then kneels on the floor between my legs, resting his hands on my thighs.

"You promised you wouldn't say that again," he says.

I start to look away, but I don't.

"When are you going to believe that it doesn't bother me?"

I gaze down at him, trying to find the right words.

"I just know that most guys I've ever known hate it," I finally say, even though we've vaguely had this conversation before. "I was called a tease once or twice."

Isaac shakes his head, partly at how inexperienced guys can be, but also because sometimes it still bothers me and apparently it shouldn't. The truth is that I never cared what any other guy ever thought of me. It's Isaac's opinion that makes me second-guess myself sometimes.

He lets out a sharp breath and takes hold of my hands. "I'm going to be blunt so maybe you'll believe me this time."

I'm only a little worried.

"If you had given in to me sooner," he says, but then backtracks. "Let me start over-If you were anyone else and you gave in to me sooner, it would be a complete turn-off and we wouldn't be together to be having this conversation." His expression is very matter-of-factly.

"It's one thing I really don't get about human guys," he goes on, "that screwed-up mentality some of them have. They have no patience. I mean damn, it makes me crazy that you get me all worked up like that and decide, 'ummm, maybe later', y'know? But crazy in a good way, because when it does happen...well, you get the idea."

I'm blushing now and looking away from his eyes this time because I think I might burst into laughter if I look.

Of course, that's exactly his goal.

"Look at me," he says and I do, but his face is serious again. "I will wait forever for you and I mean that." His eyes are smiling again and I prepare for what he's about to say because I'm getting that playful feeling from him. "But believe me," he goes on, "the way you are when we're alone like this...I-dun-no, Adria." He's grinning hugely, his eyes drifting toward the ceiling. "I doubt 'forever' will come before you decide to take complete advantage of me."

My mouth falls open and I suck in a quick breath.

He's grinning from ear-to-ear.

"Take advantage of you?" I say, unbelieving, but loving every second of this.

"You scare me sometimes, girl," he says, the grin getting darker, more playful. "Sometimes I worry you'll throw me down and not let me up. I'm kinda...traumatized." He's trying so hard not to laugh.

I shove him playfully. "You're so full of shit!" I say and we both laugh.

Isaac scoops me up into his arms again and holds me straddled around his waist. With my hands dangling over the back of his shoulders, I give him one last hard, quick peck on the lips and then slide out of his grasp.

I can't do this forever; play the sexually timid virgin card. I don't want to! I'm afraid of him, yes, but nothing can change the fact that I still want him.

I thought he would distance himself from me all over again a week before every full moon like when we first met. I thought he would hate himself for losing control that night three months ago in Vaughan Woods and nearly killing me. I prepared myself for a little bit of blame, but months later and he has hardly talked about that night at all. And I've avoided going too deeply into what happened because of my own guilt, because I screwed up. And I always thought his silence indicated a hidden disappointment and maybe I should just leave it alone.

But not anymore.

The silence has begun to feel like the first layers of a divide between us. My humanity is enough of a divide.

"I guess it's a good thing we'll be back from Portland before the next full moon, huh?" I say, opening another tightly sealed can of worms.

He goes back to whatever he was looking for earlier, now sifting through a box of unpacked stuff sitting on the floor next to the nightstand.

"I guess so," he answers not looking at me.

"Isaac," I say, raising my voice only enough to let him know that my words are important and I need him to hear them, "We need to talk about March."

With his back to me, I see his head tilt upward and he sighs deeply, pulling both hands to the back of his head. He holds them there, his fingers interlocking.

"Please," I say, desperate and nervous he won't want to.

Finally, his arms fall back to his sides and he turns around to face me.

I wait, hoping he might be the one to start even though I know it should be me, and when he doesn't speak up, I say, "I know I shouldn't have-"

He puts a hand up and walks toward me. "If we're going to talk about it then you have to agree, no apologies, okay?"

I simply nod my answer. I'm surprised that already it's turning out exactly the opposite of how I expected it.

He motions to the bed. "Let's sit down."

I walk over and we sit on the side of the bed together.

"I admit that night was a close call," he says, "but it didn't end badly."

"But it could have," I remind him.

"Yes," he says, looking right at me, "but it didn't."

I'm not following him. Something is off and I detect it immediately. I'm not the oblivious human girl I was before I met him.

I fully expected Isaac to trust himself less with me, that he would tell me that because of that night, he can never forgive himself. I still expect him to look me in the eye and tell me that if I ever try to pull something like that again that he will never forgive me.

But I'm not getting any of that from him.

"Isaac," I say and I hesitate, "how can you be so confident?"

He doesn't answer and I still can't read him. It's starting to make me anxious. He looks away from me in some long distant thought and then turns back to me again. "It's just impossible." He pauses, averting his gaze so that he isn't looking me directly in the eyes. "There's no chance of it happening."

I look at him in disbelief, but I realize I'm staring right through him instead.

I snap back into the moment, "What do you mean?" I say. "Isaac...Look what happened to Sebastian. And the night in March...," I sigh heavily, almost swallowing the words down. "Okay, it's my turn to be blunt-it worries me that you're so sure of yourself."

He stares at the floor now, letting his folded hands suspend between his knees, his back arched forward.

"I don't know how to explain it to you," he says, "but I want you to be ready on your own time. Not on mine. And that's why I don't talk about it or try to convince you of it."

I look down, absently staring at the zigzag pattern of colors that make up the rug beside the bed. "Because then you think I'll feel more pressured?"

He crouches in front of me, placing his arms across my thighs like he did when I sat in the chair.

"I never want you to feel pressured to do anything," he says, his face severe and yet still so beautiful.

"But why would you think that?" I say, though I'm already feeling somehow I know the answer to this.

"Adria," he says, "you still worry I'm going to think you're a tease. Add this detail and you'll drive yourself crazy always wondering if I'm frustrated with you."

Why is he so good to me? I think to myself.

I don't know what to say to him because words really can't express how I feel right now. I can't say out loud that he just melted my heart, or that I think I'd die inside without him in my life because last time I checked, I sucked at poetry and we aren't Romeo and Juliet.

I smile warmly and I think it says everything for me just fine.

He stands up and starts searching the room again for whatever it is he lost.

I decide to drop it. I guess I'll find out in Portland if his confidence has been misplaced all along.

9

AFTER A LONG PENSIVE moment, I get up from the bed and slip my feet down into my gym shoes and then move over to the mirror mounted on the dresser to brush out my hair.

"What are you looking for anyway?" I say, watching him behind me through the mirror.

"There was a black velvet bag, about this high," he holds his hands out about four inches apart, "I thought I set it on the nightstand yesterday. I guess not."

He starts to pace.

"Have you seen it around?" he says from behind.

I scan the room briefly. "I've spent most of the time in here today sort of unconscious."

He laughs under his breath and stops near the foot of the bed.

"I'm sure it's around here somewhere," I say, walking toward him. "I'll help you look. What's in it?"

"No," he stops me. "I'll find it later."

He seems kind of nervous, maybe even a little defeated.

"Are you sure?"

The door comes open and Zia and Sebastian are standing at it, looking at us with up-to-no-good grins.

"Zia!" I say and run over to hug her.

"Knock next time," Isaac says, "Adria could be in here taking advantage of me."

Zia squeals out a laugh and embraces me in a hug.

She pulls back then with her hands around my biceps. "Oh, is that how it is now? You've become more Alpha than Isaac is supposed to be?"

"No!" I laugh, "He's just being a pervert."

Zia waltzes right into the room, hourglass h*ps swaying side to side, hair spiked up with not a strand out of place, as usual. Sebastian is not far behind, though he waits for Isaac to give him that guy approval-nod before he comes in the rest of the way.

"Besides," Zia says, "If you were busy, I'm sure you'd be smart enough to lock the door. And if not," she shrugs, "well, I'd get an eyeful and for you it'd be a lesson learned."

Embarrassment is slowly starting to melt me into a shell. "Come on," I say, "change of topic, please-how was the concert?"

"Awe-some!" she says with a harmonious high pitch. "You should've gone with us."

I go back to the mirror and Zia follows. She stands in front of it with me, checking herself out, making sure all of her spikes are in proper place, pressing each one between her thumb and index finger.

"No," I say, pulling my hair into a ponytail, "the way I've been feeling, it's probably a good thing I didn't go with you." I snap the hairband in place and pull my fingers from it, tightening the hair against my scalp in two halves.

Zia steps away from me, her expression guarded and teasing. "Ewww-contagious?"

"Shut up, Zia," I laugh and go back to my hair even though there's nothing left to do to it. "You wouldn't catch it anyway if I was."

"So true," she says, coming up behind me and resting her chin on my shoulder. Her white-blond hair is so intense against my darker brown hair. Her charcoal-colored eyes are distinct next to mine that wear only black mascara. Her round, angelic face looks at me in the mirror with pouty mauve-colored lips, "Well you don't seem so sick to me."

"Nah," I say, "I guess it was nothing because I've never felt better."

She raises her head and says, "Good!" Then she moves across the room and threads her arm around Sebastian's.

"We've got news," she says, looking to and from Isaac and me. "Go on, tell them," she urges Sebastian, but the look on his face suggests that everything about this is making him immensely uncomfortable.

Isaac raises a brow and draws back his chin just a little. In fact, I'm doing the exact same thing.

"He's embarrassed," Zia says looking over at Isaac with a low, secretive voice that is anything but low and secretive.

"I'm pregnant," she says and all the air is sucked from the room through three quick, heavy gasps. Mine, Isaac's and Sebastian's. His eyes have gone from uneasy to outright shock, the color completely drained from his face.

"I'm totally kidding!" Zia says and she tugs on Sebastian's arm. "That's what you get for being chicken shit."

The three of us let out our breath at the same time.

"Not. Funny," I say, still a little mortified.

"Come on," Zia says, "the joke may not have been funny, but the look on your faces was totally worth it." She cackles.

"Anyway, Sebastian is learning how to control himself. We were right behind the front row at the concert and this drunk guy kept bumping into Sebastian from behind-rude, vulgar, stank like hot beer, white trash in training-and of course, Sebastian knocked his front teeth out."

"Thought you said he was learning to control himself?" I say, glancing warily over at Sebastian who's finally decided that he's better off telling his own stories.

"Zia, come on," he says and turns back to us to pick up where she left off. "The guy had it coming. For thirty minutes this went on, him falling into me and most of it was intentional when he noticed that I wasn't happy about it. But I kept my cool."

"I was gonna' hit him if Sebastian didn't."

Isaac says while putting on his watch, "Sounds like you gave him more than enough time to back off, man."

"Yeah," Sebastian says, "but that last time, he hit me so hard in the back that I fell into a girl in front of me and banged her up pretty bad."

"Sooo, Sebastian clocked the guy," Zia says, smiling proudly. She pulls him closer by the arm and I notice he smiles a little too, but tries to hide it because he has always been more reserved than any of us.

"But his eyes didn't even change, Isaac," Zia adds and this was the real 'news' Zia couldn't wait to spill.

"Really?" Isaac says, nodding once, impressed. "So you didn't 'wolf-out', as Harry calls it, at all?"

"Nope," Sebastian says. "No black eyes, no claws. Just good old-fashioned pissed off human guy with a score to settle."

"That's awesome," I say from the side.

I really am happy for Sebastian, but once again, I find myself in a conversation that I really can't add to.

But I keep this excluded feeling to myself.

"So what did we miss around here," Zia says, plopping on the foot of the bed, bouncing gently a few times as if to test the springs or something. "Besides Natasa anyway. Saw her downstairs-wow, that woman has got some issues. Fifty bucks she doesn't have a man."

No one responds as if it's probably safer that way, but I think we all agree.

Sebastian takes the chair near the closet.

"I did hear that Adria fainted?" Zia says to Isaac, but then her questioning gaze falls on me.

"Adria's fine," Isaac answers, but looks at no one.

"Like I said, I feel great now. It was really weird. Still is, actually...."

Zia looks over at me questionably. "Weird as in how?" She laughs at me. "Losin' your marbles, or somethin'?"

And then something clicks in my mind and my whole body locks up.

Seven months ago, I had worried about it so much that I made myself sick letting it keep me up at night. After Isaac rescued me from Viktor Vargas, there was another secret I was keeping other than the truth about Aramei and that Isaac's father is protecting Viktor because it is Viktor's blood that means life or death for Aramei.

But this secret is much more close to home. This secret, if it's true, can tear Isaac and me apart.

Shortly after that night, I noticed how quickly the wound on my side had healed. I knew it wasn't normal. Wounds that deep don't heal almost completely within just a few days.

I tried to think back to the night Sibyl attacked Isaac and me in the car, when Isaac shifted inside with me still in it and how I was tossed over and over again inside the wreckage. Something else happened to me that night. I try so hard to recall, to grasp some kind of memory, but all I can ever see is the eerie, lifelike dream with me and Alex in the field in Georgia. I can remember every detail of it: the lone tree, the dead horse and the blood. Alex telling me to drink the water from a creek, yet there was no creek.

And I can remember Isaac's voice calling out to me. He said that 'he' was coming and I knew later that 'he' was Viktor.

Did Viktor do to me what he did to Aramei? Did he feed me his blood, performing the Blood Bond while I was unconscious as his prisoner?

The thought of it wrenched my insides.

For nearly a month, when I would sit or lay next to Isaac, when we were at school, or at home, or here at his house, all I did was worry. I could never tell Isaac about my fears.

I was ashamed.

And I didn't want to lose him. But most of all, I didn't want him to know that Viktor was alive because then he would know why and I don't want to put him through that.

But eventually, it got to where I didn't believe it much anymore. Slowly I began to think more sensibly. Although I learned little about the Blood Bond, I do know that after one is performed, the human will always need to drink male werewolf blood to sustain immortality.

Well, seven months later and I sure as hell haven't been drinking anyone's blood. So that can't be it....

"Adria!" Zia says, standing in front of me now, snapping her fingers around my head. She laughs. "Talk about deep thoughts."

I shake off the memory. "Sorry," I say. "What did you ask me again?"

Zia shakes her head and pats me on the shoulder as she walks past me toward the opened window. "I don't even remember-so are we all good for Portland next Friday?"

"I'm definitely in," Isaac says coming up beside me. "I need to get out of this town for a while."

Sebastian raises his index finger above his head. "I'm in, too."

"Great!" Zia says and then she seems distracted by something on the windowsill. She moves the rest of the way over to it and picks up a little black velvet bag with a silver drawstring and lets it hang from her pinky finger. "What's this?" She starts to open it and snoop inside, but Isaac moves quickly across the room and takes it from her, relief washing all over his face.

"Thank you!" he says, taking it from her quickly. "I've been looking all over for that."

"Oooh, what's in it?" she says, grinning hugely. "Lemme see." She glances over at me with a wry smile and puts it in my head that whatever's inside that bag might be for me.

Isaac walks away from her without answering.

Zia shrugs it off and sits against the windowsill.

"Is Natasa still downstairs?" Isaac says, carefully rolling the bag into his fist.

"She was wrapping stuff up when we got here," Zia says and then looks over at me. "Is it true?"

"Is what true?" I say.

Zia folds one arm against her stomach and rests the other elbow in her hand. She puts the tip of her fingernail between her teeth, but doesn't actually chew on it. She grins at me. "We also heard that you showed a little more personality than Natasa is used to."

"It's no big deal," Isaac says, hoping to drop the subject it seems.

"I-I don't know what came over me," I say, feeling really stupid about it now. "She just made me mad and...I honestly don't know what made me say anything. Felt exhilarating though, I gotta admit."

"I'm surprised that woman didn't have you for lunch," Sebastian says from behind.

"To tell you the truth," I say, "I am too."

I turn to Isaac now, just as he's walking away from me and back toward the bed. "What did Natasa mean by my 'handicap'?"

Isaac places the black bag beside the bed on the nightstand and then looks at me. "That you're human," he says. "And maybe because you're with me-she can find a lot of reasons to put you beneath her, I'm sure."

I guess being human really does have its advantages around this place.

Zia moves from the window and walks over to Sebastian. "Welp!" she says to Isaac and me, "we need to go-meeting up with Harry and Daisy to see a movie."

"Sure you don't want to come?" Sebastian says as he moves toward the door with Zia.

"No, we're good," Isaac says.

"Yeah, we sort of have plans," I say, glancing over at Isaac next to me.

"Oh?" Zia says, deciding suddenly against leaving just yet because maybe I'm going to tell her something 'juicy'.

I laugh quietly, shaking my head. "Zia, go see your movie," I say and shoo her away with both hands sweeping the air in front of me.

She giggles and drags Sebastian out the door with her, letting it shut behind him.

"She's crazy sometimes," I say.

Isaac agrees, smiling.

"So," I say, looking at him and to the black velvet bag on the nightstand, "what's in that bag of yours that you seem to love more than me?" I grin over at him.

Isaac's smile softens and the way he's looking at me makes me feel warm and excitedly curious. He takes the little black bag into his hand again and walks over to me.

"Hold out your hand," he says, now cupping the bag in the cradle of his palm. He loosens the drawstring to widen the opening.

"Isaac, you didn't buy-" I try to say, reluctantly holding out my hand anyway.

"Don't," he says and then places his free hand underneath mine.

I don't want to argue about this, or put up a wall. I can't bring myself to tear this moment away from him because that look in his beautiful bright blue eyes is devastating to me. This is important to him. It's not a purse or a five-dollar cup of soda at the movie theatre. And so I just smile warmly back at him and let him have his way.

Isaac tilts the bag over and a glistening silver necklace with two pendants falls softly into the palm of my hand. It's cool and delicate against my skin. I know I'm blushing. I look down at it for a moment before taking the chain clasp between my fingers and holding it up to see the necklace fully, letting the pendants rest against the back of my other fingers. One pendant is a sterling silver spiral and next to it another dangles made of some kind of elegant white stone encased at the top by tiny silver wires.

"It's called a moonstone," he says, taking it from me and undoing the clasp.

"I love it," I say, staring at the detail with admiration and then up at Isaac, waiting for me to let him put it on. I'm beaming. Absolutely beaming.

I turn around slowly and feel Isaac's hand brush against the back of my neck as he moves the ponytail over my shoulder. The chain drapes around my neck, the pendants lying softly just below the hollow at the base of my throat. I reach up and graze my fingertips down the chain and then hold the moonstone in them, looking down at it. "I really do love it," I say again because I do and I want him to believe me one hundred percent. His lips gently touch the back of my neck. "I had it specially made," he says and I turn around to face him again. He takes up the spiral pendant and lets it rest on the pad of his thumb. With his other hand he points to the center. "This represents the time we first met." His finger moves round and round from the center of the spiral outward. "And each of these points," he continues, stopping at equally spaced hollowed-out dots that line the middle of the spiral, "they represent profound moments in our relationship."

How can he be real? I try to grasp every word he says, and I do, but I'm overwhelmed by how much he means to me and how someone like him can be real, someone so poetic and so beautiful in every way, yet so beastly and dangerous and deadly.

It's extraordinary to me.

I feel like no matter how much time passes, that he'll always be extraordinary.

His finger stops at the first hollow dot. "This was when you saw me for who I really am." He moves to the second hollow dot. "And here is when you met my father."

When Isaac's finger comes to the third hollow dot, he stops.

The air is restless with silence. His eyes have strayed from mine, from the necklace and this spiral pendant of meaningful events, all of which have begun to play out in my mind as though they are happening all over again. For a long time he doesn't say anything, but I can't bear to interrupt what appears to be a crucial, reflective moment.

Finally, his eyes hold mine again and he says, "And this is when I almost lost you."

My heart falls, but I still don't say anything. I know he doesn't want me to.

His finger moves to the fourth hollow dot.

"And this was March," he says, his face replacing the sadness of hollow #3 with serenity. He leaves the description just like that: March, as though that one word speaks so many volumes all on its own and needs no other element to accompany it.

"Are you sure you like it?" he says, hoping I'm not just saying I do because I don't want to hurt his feelings.

I let out a breath. "Yes," I say harshly and with devotion. "I don't like it, Isaac, I love it."

"So then you're not going to bite my head off for buying you something?" He's grinning again and I want to shove him lightheartedly, but I don't.

Isaac sometimes has a problem with letting an intimate moment survive that last few seconds that most intimate moments usually do. But he wouldn't be Isaac if he didn't go right back to being playful and that's just fine by me.

"Not this time," I finally say and reach up on my toes and kiss him again. "This time I'll let you slide."

10

A HEAVY RAIN THUNDERED through last night, leaving a thick swath of gray clouds in the expanse of sky that I see through my bedroom window. I crawl out of bed to get ready for school, but all I want to do is sleep in. The smell of rain lingers heavily on the air even with my window closed, and the sound of water filtering through the gutters around the roof is slow and steady as a drizzle comes and goes from the clouds that can't make up their mind. A weak chill is in the air without the sun to warm the early summer morning, as if still trying to hold onto the cold spring with its last dying breath.

I walk over and raise my window to let in the breeze and the scent of rain, which has always made me feel calm and closer to nature.

I part my lips a little, feeling my dry tongue stick to the roof of my mouth, craving a shot of Listerine and toothpaste. And although the breeze drifting in through the window is reviving me some, I know that only freezing cold water splashed on my face from the bathroom sink will fully wake me up.

After washing up, I head downstairs to the smell of normalcy.

Breakfast tastes different this morning, probably because it's not a bowl of cold cereal like it has been since Uncle Carl went into the hospital. Beverlee was up before the sun, running the coffee pot first before cooking a big breakfast of eggs and bacon and biscuits smothered in my favorite white gravy.

I'm stuffed long before my plate is clean.

Uncle Carl eats his breakfast in the den. I haven't seen him anywhere else since he came home. He even slept there last night.

I hate to see him like this, but I never let the sympathy show on my face because I know that'll only make it worse.

I kiss Uncle Carl on his temple before I head out the door where Isaac is waiting for me in the driveway. I notice a small break in the clouds where blue sky peeks through as I make my way toward the Jeep. And momentarily, my hand comes up to feel the contours of the moonstone necklace Isaac gave me yesterday, partly making sure that it's there, the other part remembering the moment he gave it to me.

Life at school with Isaac has been fulfilling. For the first time in my life, I am the girl that other girls want to trade places with. I'm not Miss Popularity, thank God, but I'm no longer the Invisible Girl. And I have haters! You're nothing without haters, right?

Isaac doesn't really care for school much since he already graduated-he's mainly here for me-but he likes going to school because he says it gets him out of the house. Now, the funny thing about this is that it's not like Isaac doesn't have more important things to be doing with his day, like consorting with his brothers about pack issues and Vargas issues and other issues like that. But like I said, Isaac has pretty much given up everything for me, including his position as Alpha. I don't like it, but it is what it is and so far nothing I have tried to say to him has done much to change his mind.

We don't have any classes together, but we see each other everywhere: in the halls, the gymnasium, the library and of course outside at lunch. He also admitted to me shortly after he started school that he decided on being a senior to give me some space. He may be almost twenty (next month, actually), but he could still pass for seventeen if he wanted to. A taller, more muscular seventeen-year-old, but nonetheless.

Also, Isaac's youngest sisters, Phoebe and Camilla, started school at Hall-Dale last December. Phoebe and Camilla wanted to hang out with other humans and be in 'human circles', as they referred to it. Like most of the Mayfairs, even Isaac had been schooled privately by someone they called 'the Governess'. She and others of her kind are teachers at private schools all over the world. And humans-teachers and students alike that attend these private schools-are oblivious to what really goes on behind the scenes, that the mysterious teacher in the room down the hall that associates with no one is an Elder werewolf, teaching a class of Pure Blood werewolves.

Isaac graduated at a private school in Upstate New York, but one might think he's already spent eight years in college and holds several different degrees. He's highly intelligent, but it's not something he likes to flaunt. And he's purposely failing a few classes so that he doesn't have to pretend to graduate with the other seniors this year-wants to stay in school with me until I graduate next year.

At school, he's as quiet and reserved as Sebastian. Of course, this makes Isaac that much more mysterious and appealing to the girls.

I love it and hate it at the same time.

"Hi Isaac!" three girls-I call them Blond, Brunette and Red-Head-say in unison as he walks through the hall toward me later in the morning. Maybe it should make me jealous, but it doesn't. And when Red-Head smirks at me with competition in her eyes, maybe that's supposed to make me nervous, but it doesn't.

Because I know I have nothing to worry about.

I guess I do gloat a little, but never visibly. The only thing I don't particularly like about being in a relationship with the hottest guy in school is that it has drawn more attention to me than I ever wanted. And being popular, as I've mentioned, is territory I have always stayed clear of. There are four kinds of popular: the obvious, 'beautiful' kind, the inherited kind because one has money and their parents drive sixty thousand dollar cars, the likable kind-Harry fits in here-because someone was lucky enough to be born with a totally lovable personality that few can resist, and the popular-by-association kind, where I became a member the day Isaac started school here and it was quickly known that I am his girlfriend.

He stops in the hallway full of students, just long enough to kiss me softly on the lips so that Blond, Brunette and Red-Head can watch. And then he walks past me grinning, letting his fingers brush against the palm of my hand. They fall away and he leaves me standing here with Harry and dozens of eyes furtively observing me and maybe wondering what I have that Isaac Mayfair likes so much.

Red-head is red all over.

I can't lie and say I don't love it when he does that, but when everyone is watching it still manages to make me shrink inside myself, too.

Nothing comes without a price.

"I think I lost my phone," Harry says, patting his pocket and then the other. "Oh great-I'll catch you in the library," he adds, already walking away in the direction of the classroom he just left. "Call me a few times, okay? It's on vibrate. I might be able to hear it."

I nod and slip through the library doors, pecking the chiclet keys on my smartphone to dial Harry's number and I head over to my favorite table closest to the wooden magazine shelf.

Genna Bishop is sitting there, looking across at me as if she's been waiting for me. Her bright red sling-bag sits on the center of the table, pushed against the spider plant on display in its pot.

At first, I hesitate but then walk over and join her, setting my purse, two notebooks and a study book on the table near her bag. This is the next to last week of school, but I promised my English Lit. teacher I would reread Jane Eyre and do my paper over to bring up my final grade.

I remind myself that Genna's not clueless like everyone else in the school, and in some enigmatic way she makes me leery of her now, despite being human.

"How are you feeling?" she says, smiling up at me.

Finally, I sit down and slide the book over, opening to a section with multi-colored Post-It's jutting out from various pages where I had been making notes. "Much better," I say in a low voice. I glance down to notice Harry's number had picked up and so I put my ear to the phone. It's just the voicemail. I hang up and dial his number again.

"Where did you go yesterday?" I ask Genna, setting my phone on the table. "I guess I can't blame you though."

Genna smiles. "I know, I'm sorry," she says. "But you feel okay now and that's all that matters."

Already this conversation is weird.

I lick my lips and swallow, not really knowing what to say to her, or why she's here. I get the feeling it has nothing to do with books and studying.

"Genna," I say and pause, thinking of how to word the question, "how exactly did you say you knew the Mayfairs again?"

Genna leans back in the chair and rests her folded hands on the table in front of her. Today her fingernails are midnight blue, adorned by tiny silver stars. There's a small circular tattoo on the hollow of her right hand, but it's mostly covered by the index finger of her left hand for me to make out exactly what it is.

"I've known Nathan for a little while," she says, "since I stopped in Finch's Grocery one day."

"Sorry, Genna but I know, you already told me where you met him," I say, shaking my head. "I guess the real question is how do you know about them?" I glance around now, going through the slight paranoid motions, hoping no one is listening in even though I know that if someone were, they'd really have no idea what we were talking about.

She moves her hands and I finally get a brief glimpse of her tattoo in its entirety. Some kind of weird symbol I've never seen before.

Her emerald eyes flash and it catches me off-guard. I blink and look upward at the ceiling where a light washes over us through a large rectangular cover.

I feel like I've forgotten what we were talking about. My gaze moves toward the white beam that holds the ceiling up between the magazine shelf and our table. I think about what I'm supposed to say next. I can hardly recall the moment I sat down.

"I moved here last year from New Hampshire," she says. "My dad took a job in Augusta-thought we were going to get to move to California, but unfortunately we got stuck with cold, foggy Maine."

"You don't like it here?" I say, though the conversation still feels off because I don't remember where it came from.

"It's alright I guess," she says, leaning back up from the chair and propping her arms on the table at the elbows. "What about you?"

"I, umm...," I just go with it; "I really like it here. Not so much the snow, but I've grown to tolerate it at least-it's a shock to the system coming from Georgia."

Genna laughs lightly; her pretty cream-colored face appears to glow under the fluorescent light. "Yeah, that's like New Mexico and Montana, or Florida and Washington State."

I smile, agreeing, but am distracted by Tori and her two sycophants walking toward our table. I glance over briefly. Their pace slows as they get closer; all three of them are looking at me with suspicious, slanted eyes. The two behind Tori whisper something to each other then look right at me again, smirking. Tori stops at the end of the table, a book pressed to her chest. "What's wrong with you?" she says looking down at me over a crinkled nose.

I glance at Genna briefly, but then look back up at Tori who's staring at me like I've got bird crap in my hair. "Nothing's wrong with me," I say, but then I go into defensive-mode, "I'm having a conversation, if you don't mind."

Tori's eyes widen and she twists around just a bit at the waist to meet the eyes of her friends who share the same baffled expression as she does. But Tori never takes her eyes fully off me, as if I'm something strange and risky that she shouldn't turn her back on. I watch her gaze stray toward the table, over at Genna and then to me again. Her friends burst into a fit of subdued laughter.

"I see," Tori says with that look of sarcasm in her eye, "well, I'll leave you to it then."

She walks away and her friends follow; quiet laughs and whispers carry on the air.

I look at Genna again, who doesn't seem affected by Tori's visit. "How seventh-grade can she get?" I say, shaking my head. I go into Bully Defense now, feeling bad for Genna and the way Tori looked at her as if she were the bird crap in my hair.

"I wouldn't worry about them," I say, "Tori's still jealous over a stupid guy thing."

"Oh, I'm not worried at all," Genna says, smiling confidently, and I get the oddest feeling from it. "And you shouldn't either. Just calm down."

Calm down? "You said that to me before," I say, "at Isaac's house."

Okay, maybe I do need to calm down. This is driving me nuts! I know something is off about this entire exchange. I feel it in my gut. I begin to shift in the seat, not sure about how to act around this mysterious and extraordinarily gorgeous girl. I feel something in the air around us, something amiss as though we were copied from somewhere else and pasted into the scene and the edges haven't been lined up properly. I notice people walk by, but all of them glance at me as if I don't belong here. Now that I think about it, everyone is looking at me a lot like Tori did, but without laughing.

Am I nak*d?

I look down at myself, relieved that I'm fully clothed, but at the same time thinking how ridiculous it was to even entertain that.

Uneasiness starts to twist my insides into knots.

I lean my stomach over the table and move closer to Genna and whisper impatiently, "Please tell me how you know the Mayfairs?"

The smile drops from her face and she reaches across the table a few inches to touch my hand, but I slide back and pull away, resting my back against the chair.

"You're very strong, Adria," she says and I feel like she's looking right into my soul. "Stronger than I could tell, but not strong enough to fight this on your own."

"What?" I feel completely baffled and I want to just get up and walk away from her but I can't. I'm skeptical to the point that I almost feel in danger, but I'm also mesmerized by her and can't force myself to leave.

"I have to go," she says suddenly and pushes the chair back across the floor.

I just stare up at her, my mouth partly open.

"Adria," I hear Harry say from across the room. I tear my eyes away from Genna and turn to see Harry walking briskly toward me, cell phone waving above him in his fist.

When I look back at Genna, she's already disappearing around a table and past a series of bookshelves. I watch her until she slips around a corner and out of sight.

What just happened? I can't even form a sentence in my mind, much less speculation. I feel a lot like I did in the grocery store once when this woman pushed her cart in front of my mom's while standing in line to cut in front of us. My mom and me just looked at each other wondering, "Did that really just happen?"

"Found it on the floor beside my desk," he says as he plops down in the chair that Genna just left. "Who were you talking to anyway?" He looks at me suspiciously while setting his phone on the table. "I couldn't make it all out," he goes on, "but I did hear you say something about the Mayfairs and, y'know, that's a little weird, considering."

He's going through the paranoid motions now, which he never does because we never talk about this.

"How do you know what I was talking about?" I don't want this to get any stranger and already it looks like it's going to.

Harry picks his phone up by the edges with his fingers and shakes it side to side as if to show me. "My voicemail recorded your conversation-well, if you want to call it that."

I'm a little relieved. For a second, I thought Harry was going to tell me he could read my mind, or that he had been sitting here all along.

I would need to see a psychotherapist, if that was the case.

"I was talking to Genna Bishop," I say. "And obviously it's okay to bring up the Mayfairs because she knows what they are. Oh, and then to Tori for a second-thankfully that didn't go on longer."

"Genna who?"

"Bishop," I say, "she sits to your right in Mrs. Schvolsky's class?" I turn my chin at an angle and feel my eyes slant disbelievingly. Even a guy as loyal to his girlfriend as Harry wouldn't be able to forget someone like Genna Bishop. She's the type of girl so gorgeous that everyone knows her by name even if they've never met.

Harry's gaze studies me skeptically. "Anna Johnston sits to my right in Mrs. Schvolsky's class," Harry says. "And I've never heard of Genna Bishop."

11

I SNAP MY HEAD the rest of the way around. "Harry, don't do that."

"Don't do what?"

I let a long and heavy breath out through my nose and roll my eyes at him. I flip several pages in my book, opening it to the blue Post-It note. Harry's still looking at me like he really has no idea what I'm talking about, or who Genna Bishop is. That's completely ridiculous and I refuse to play along with this.

Harry's big hand slaps down on the pages in front of me and he slides the book out of my view and toward him.

"You're acting weird," he says, his thick, dark eyebrows knotted rigidly against his forehead. "Who is Genna Bishop?"

I trust Harry, that sincere look on his face, but the part of me that doesn't want him to be telling the truth because it will mean something is wrong with me is still in denial.

"She's been sitting next to you in Geometry all year," I say snappily, "and you can't tell me you don't know who she is."

"Adria," he says, gaping at me intensely, "honest to God, I don't know who you're talking about. Anna sits on my right-she's borrowed a pen from me twice this year and Jake sits to my left-chokes me to effing death with that cologne."

I'm staring down at the patterns in the wooden table. I'm starting to feel slightly dizzy again, but this time it's because my head is spinning trying to figure out what's going on. I look up to test the air again. It feels normal now, unlike things were when Genna sat here and I felt like the two of us somehow didn't fit properly into the picture. My gaze moves around the library and people still look in my direction every now and then, but now it seems natural even though a few still give me more attention than what is normal.

"Harry," I say, reaching out for his phone, "let me hear the voicemail."

He's trying to figure me out, watching me carefully like he's worried about something. But I'm worried, too. I just can't tell him why yet.

Harry nods and I pick up his phone, sliding my thumb across the unlock bar on the touch screen. The phone clicks and I move my finger over the little green phone icon that takes me to the voicemail. I put it on speaker, but turn the volume down enough that only we can hear it.

And I listen closely.

My voice is mostly distinct. Only a couple of times when I was farthest away from the phone and whispering to Genna are my words a little harder to make out.

I can't hear Genna at all.

And when Tori came up to the table, I can hear her voice as clear as my own though she had been farther away from my phone than Genna was.

Not wanting to believe this, I turn the volume all the way up and listen to it again.

Genna's voice is not there.

It was as if I was talking to myself....

"Yeah," Harry says, noticing the baffled look on my face, "I was trying to figure out who you were talking to-didn't realize Tori was here the whole time."

"No," I say, absently putting up my hand, "she wasn't here the whole time."

"Fine, but I've still never heard of-"

A short guy wearing a green Abercrombie and Fitch shirt walks by and I reach out to stop him. "Do you know Genna Bishop?" I say to him.

He thinks about it for a moment and then says, "No, does she go here?"

But I can't answer him. I'm too stunned and I simply slide back down on the chair and stare at Harry's phone in my hand. The guy walks away, but I hardly notice.

Maybe that's why Tori and her friends were looking at me so strangely....

"Whoa," Harry says, taking the phone from my fingers cautiously as if it were a gun and he's just talked me out of it, "you're really starting to worry me. First, you pass out at Isaac's-"

My face shoots up then, "You saw her there, at Isaac's, didn't you?" I say, desperately searching for something to make this all make sense. "Genna was there next to me the whole time...up until just a few seconds before I passed out." I feel my fingernails tapping heavily on the tabletop and I'm practically glowering at Harry. "You saw her, right?" It comes out like a demand that he absolutely has to tell me that he did see a girl, someone that he's never seen before.

"No," he says and his face exchanges worry with grief. He takes my hand, but I hardly notice that either. "Maybe you need to go home for the day."

I'm shaking I'm so stressed out, feeling like I'm losing my mind.

Viktor's face dissolves into my thoughts.

"Oh no...maybe he really did do it," I say to myself, feeling the tears start to choke the back of my throat.

"Who did what, Adria?"

I stand up quickly and grab my books, but before I can stack them into my hands, I start to see those furious black dots buzzing around in front of my eyes again. No, this can't be happening. Not again. I reach out to grab a hold of the back of my chair, but I don't catch it in time before the floor starts to rise up at me. I feel my body crash against the carpet, the side of my head thrumming after it hits the chair leg. I can hear voices all around me, hovering over me and they sound muffled and interwoven and I can't make anything out. I feel the side of my cheek pressed against the floor and the sound of my own breath is vociferous and desperate in my ears. My sight is doubling, tripling and I can't tell if there are six, or twelve, or twenty legs standing around me, moving back and forth across the floor. Nothing is clear.

Genna Bishop walks toward me from a strange and frightening blinding light. Is she an angel? She must be an angel. The light, her beauty, the way her emerald eyes sparkle like something out of a fairytale, the way I suddenly feel calm and relaxed. But she can't be an angel because I'm still afraid of her. Despite feeling calm and relaxed, another part of me wants to claw my way across the floor and away from her.

I hear her voice inside my head as she draws closer, the shapes and colors of everyone and everything else around her seems to fade and blend into her surroundings, becoming part of her.

She reaches out her hand to me and I feel it touch my wrist as it lies on the floor, my fingers curled inward.

"I'm sorry," she says as she kneels beside me, but she seems too far away to be as close as she is. "I couldn't foresee this and I couldn't sense it and it can only mean one thing."

Her voice sounds more like an echo coming from all sides and her lips never move. Whenever I try to move, her form becomes wispy, threatening to evaporate completely as though she is a ghost.

"What does it mean?" I say desperately. "Who are you?"

"You need to stay calm," Genna says, "more than ever, you need to stay calm-overactive emotions of any kind will only kill you faster." Her voice is muted like she's speaking through a glass wall.

Suddenly, my body is heaved backwards, the floor hurtling away from me as I'm lifted into the air. Genna's form breaks up like brushing a hand through a wisp of smoke and she disappears. I feel a set of arms underneath me and I see the white walls of the library turn into those of the hall as I'm carried briskly out the door.

I'm really getting sick of fainting and waking up in places I was not in before I fainted.

Like right now.

I open my eyes a slit at first because the light is way too bright and the walls way too white. I see a glimpse of the fluorescent light set above me in the ceiling, but then I turn on my side so it doesn't blind me. A pair of long legs dressed in black jeans are draped over a chair, bent at the knees. Black Doc Marten boots dress his feet, which are stark against the bright white floor. I blink a few times to let my eyes blur into focus.

Isaac is staring across the room at me, but he doesn't get up because the school nurse seems to have things under control.

"I've called your mom," she says looking down at me through a pair of thin gold glasses. "She's already on her way."

I don't care to correct her and say that Beverlee is my aunt; she might as well be my mom. I start to rise up from the bed, but she puts her hand on my shoulder and gently pushes me back down.

Isaac watches quietly from the side.

The door comes open then and two EMT's enter the room, one carrying a black and orange duffle bag I know is filled with medical stuff that better not include any needles, but I'm sure does. I tense up instantly and feel like I want to claw my way up the wall, but I just lay here in a sort of quiet panic.

Isaac must've noticed because he is on his feet and standing closer to me, maybe just in case I try to flee.

I still might.

"I don't need an ambulance," I say.

The EMT carrying the bag sets it on a chair and walks over to me smiling. But I never trust anyone who is associated with needles. EMT's. Veterinarians. Doctors. Drug addicts. They all scare me equally.

"Just going to check you over," the EMT says. He's already wearing a pair of blue latex gloves.

I force my head back against the pillow as his hand moves toward mine. He presses two fingers on my wrist while the other EMT pulls out an ear thermometer from the duffle bag and waits. Once my pulse is checked, he takes the thermometer from the other EMT and places it in my ear. After a few seconds, it beeps.

"Heart rate is a little high, but no fever," he says, clicking the end of the thermometer off and into the nearby trash can, "but nothing to worry over-I'm betting you're afraid of needles." He smiles down at me. Clean-shaven. Middle-aged.

I swallow hard and glance over at Isaac, thinking he's going to save me if this man tries to whip one out after me.

"No needles today, Miss Dawson," he says and puts a stethoscope to my heart. He listens for a few seconds and pulls the cold metal away from my skin. "At least from us, but you should go to the hospital for a full assessment."

The school nurse speaks up from behind, "Apparently, she fainted yesterday, too, off school grounds."

Just great-Harry must've told them that bit of forbidden information.

Or did Isaac? I glance over at him accusingly, but he shakes his head no.

The EMT turns back to me and nods once. "Yes, you definitely need to see a doctor," he says. "We can take you to the hospital now, or you can set an appointment with your family doctor since you seem to be doing fine at the moment. But I would do it as soon as possible."

Aunt Bev flies around the corner, her purse strap falling off her shoulder.

"Is Adria okay?" she says, so worried that it shows all over her face. She moves her way past the school nurse and gets in-between the EMT's; the quiet one is already zipping up the duffle bag.

"I'm fine, Aunt Bev," I say, tired of everyone asking how I am almost as much as I'm tired of giving them reason to. "Seriously, I'm alright, so please don't make me go to the hospital."

Beverlee dismisses me altogether, as though my opinion of my health isn't good enough and she gives the EMT's her full attention.

"All of her vitals are good," says the EMT that did the few assessments. "But I would get her in to see a doctor soon."

Beverlee nods and pushes herself the rest of the way past them and stands next to me. Finally, I can lift myself up without feeling threatened by over-reactors.

"What's this about you passing out yesterday?" she says, cupping my forehead in her hand as if not fully convinced of the EMT's evaluation, either. "Harry told me you fainted at Isaac's yesterday-why didn't you tell me?"

"Aunt Bev, please," I say, pulling away lightly, "there's not a thing wrong with me."

That's a complete and total lie and I know it better than anyone in this room, but I can't tell anyone.

I look over at Isaac again and feel my heart crumble into a million pieces. I look away quickly, as though him peering deeply into my eyes will give away my dark secret, the one I'm a little more than convinced of now. I feel sick to my stomach. The fear of what he will think, what he will say and do...the fear of losing him because Viktor bonded me to him...I can't think about that right now. I try to push it out of my mind, but every time I feel Isaac's eyes on me, it just comes back again, flooding painfully down into the threads of my heart.

I don't have the strength to argue my plea with Beverlee anymore. Not now. Not after letting this realization slither over the walls I've struggled to keep up the past several months.

This can't be happening. It can't be real.

I don't want to end up like Aramei.

"You'll go to the doctor tomorrow," Beverlee says firmly, "or you might not be going to Portland."

"Fine," I give in, "I'll go, but I don't need any blood drawn or anything. I draw the line."

Beverlee's chin draws back and I can tell she's suppressing a smile. "You'll have to do whatever the doctor suggests, Adria, I'm sorry. Even sorrier that drawing blood is pretty standard and it's likely going to be one of the first things they do."

I swallow a gulp of air. My stomach is churning, more now than it was seconds ago. Couldn't she have just lied to me?

I walk over to Isaac, though I feel Beverlee's hand pressed against my back the whole way, waiting to catch me if I decide to faint again. The EMT's are just leaving, but the school nurse is still standing in the room, so I decide it's not a good time to be showing him any kind of affection that involves more than a hug.

He hugs me and whispers, "I'll come over tonight. Call me if you start feeling bad again...just so I'll know."

"Okay," I say and grip him back tightly.

12

DINNER IS ALMOST READY, but I'm not hungry. I'm too depressed to eat. When Beverlee brought me home from school, the first thing she did was call and set an appointment for me. It's good and bad that she managed to get me in as early as tomorrow morning. Good because if it were any later I would almost definitely be missing my trip to Portland. Bad because I'm about fifteen hours away from being poked and prodded with needles and I'm contemplating right now about whether to pack a bag and hitchhike out of Maine.

But the needles have nothing to do with my depression.

Viktor Vargas has everything to do with it. Isaac has everything to do with it.

I look out over the field that surrounds our house from the roof that covers the wraparound porch and I wish I could see everything clearly in my life as clearly as I see the landscape. I started coming up here one night when I ventured into the dusty attic. The box window on the front side opens out onto the roof and I couldn't resist climbing out here and taking advantage of the solitude. I always did like to stare up at the stars; did it with Alex all the time in Georgia. Now, I spend my stargazing nights sometimes with Isaac, but also with Harry. I hear him coming up the attic steps now, the wood creaking underfoot, the old door with rusted hinges whining open as he steps inside. His voice rebounds softly in the wide open space as he calls out my name and says something about how dusty it is in there and that I should think about breaking out the furniture polish.

"Did you hear me?" he says, popping his head out the window.

I'm sitting upright on the roof with my legs crossed, letting the light breeze brush against my face, taking in the tranquility of the Golden Hour, the unwinding time just before the sun sets.

Harry climbs out onto the roof, his long legs make him sort of frightening as they lengthen and bend like a giant spider crawling through the small window. His shoe slides once against the shingles and my body jerks in reaction, but Harry fastens himself against the gentle slope and raises his body carefully into a partial stand.

"Beverlee said you're going to the doctor tomorrow?" he says as he makes his way over to me.

"Yeah," I say, but I don't look at him. My fingers intertwine uneasily in my lap.

Harry sits down next to me, his knees bent upward.

"I'm sure it's nothing," he says. "Well, obviously it's something, but doubtful it's fatal, y'know?"

I let out a spat of air through my nose and smile derisively to myself over that word: fatal. I had been thinking about what this means all day. About what being cursed by this Blood Bond means, if it's true that Viktor cursed me. And it's like I know in my heart that it is. All of the pieces seem to fit. Everything that has happened to me since then, all comes down to this one possibility.

"I hope you're not pissed at me for telling Beverlee about yesterday."

I smile lightly. "No, I'm not mad about that," I say, looking back out over the field. A set of headlights moves through the trees from the road, like dull flashlights veering off around a curve. It's not fully dark yet, so it must be a newer model car with automatic lights. I see something shuffling around, back and forth, far out near the end of the field and recognize it as the neighbor's dog from the end of our street. It's always running around loose in the evening.

"Are you going to tell me what's going on with you, or not?" he says, skipping all of the in-between talk that would've eventually led to what he really came out here for.

I pause and breathe in deeply and finally turn my head fully to see him at my side.

"Yes, I'll tell you," I say and he looks a little shocked that I gave in so easily.

I need this, to be able to get it out in the open. It's risky though because I'll have to tell Harry all about the night I was Viktor Vargas' prisoner. About the things that Sibyl told me.

When it comes to the dark secret of Aramei, Trajan and Viktor, I know there are ways around that, that I don't really have to tell Harry about it. But I want to. I need to. It's hard carrying this burden alone.

"I need to tell you everything that happened that night," I say, staring intently at him. "But you have to swear on your life and mine that you won't repeat any of it."

Harry's mischievous and lighthearted nature is tucked away now and he looks at me with such determination and loyalty. He knows this isn't the time for anything else, that what I'm about to tell him is important and that he should listen carefully.

He nods his promise and I know I can trust him.

I gaze out at the field and think back to that night more vividly than I ever have because I had always tried to forget about it, to tuck it away in the darkest folds of my memory. And I tell Harry everything, every last detail no matter how significant or small. I tell him how afraid I was and how it was then, in the clutches of death, that I came to understand just how dangerous this life is and that I know I can never go back to the way things were if I ever wanted to. When my life was seemingly simple, despite having a drunk for a step-dad and a vulnerable, love-hungry wreck of a mother. I explain to Harry how the Blood Bond works-how Sibyl told me it worked and even how Isaac told me it worked when I visited Aramei in the cave-and that immortality never comes without a cost. A very high cost. And I tell him about Aramei, about how fragile she is in mind, body and soul and that just being in her presence is an overwhelming experience that I'll never forget. And I tell him about the mysterious ancient book and about Trajan and Viktor and Natasa and how even though I couldn't read the language, I got the worst feeling from the drawings that screamed at me from its pages.

And I tell Harry about how Trajan protects Viktor because in doing so, he protects Aramei, the love of his life.

For once, Harry cannot speak. Instead, he stares out into the field with me and I can only wonder what thoughts and images float through his mind. I can sense his emotions, all of which I share: disbelief, shock, sadness and resentment, among others. He must be thinking about Daisy, too, and maybe what this means for her, if she's in any danger because of her father's choices.

We sit here, Harry and I, on top of the roof for a long time and finally the sun begins to slip quietly behind the trees.

Harry looks over at me, a storm of questions on his face, but he can't seem to decide on which one to ask first.

"What is the main reason you're telling me all of this stuff?" he finally says. He seems afraid of my answer, knowing just by my demeanor and the sheer poison of the mood that there is, in fact, a reason and that it can't be anything good.

I draw my knees up toward my chest and wrap my arms around my legs, my shoes propped against the shingles in a slight downward angle to hold my weight. In the sky a faint orange and pink hue lingers until finally the shadows pull it away and leave only darkness. The stars flicker on here and there until it's dark enough to see an expanse above me full of them, but this time I can't give them the attention they deserve.

"When I woke up in the room with Viktor, I noticed...," I say in pause, looking out ahead, "I told you something had happened to me. I know I must've been injured in the wreck, but someone bandaged me up pretty good."

Harry just listens. I feel his eyes on me the whole time.

"In just a few days," I go on, "the wound healed up and even now there's only a faint scar left to prove it was there. It's not natural. I sliced my knee open on the lid of a green bean can when I was twelve. Five stitches, a tetanus shot and a lot of discomfort and that took weeks to heal." I pull my pant leg up to show him. "The scar's worse than the one on my stomach and that one had twelve stitches."

Harry looks at the scar on my knee, but I doubt he really sees it much. Aside from it being dark, he's too engrossed in the story and anticipating what all of this will mean.

"I can't believe Viktor is alive...." Harry's voice is distant. It's like he's not even talking to me when he says this; his mind is somewhere else, in that dark, abysmal place where all shocking realizations go when first discovered.

I pull my pant leg back down and bring my knee back up to sit the way I was before.

"I think Viktor fed me his blood the first night I was there," I say and it stings as badly as I thought it would. "I think I've been bonded to him and I hate myself for it."

I hear Harry's breath release as if he had been holding it in for a long time. The air is stiff with silence and regret.

"And I can't let Isaac know," I add, my voice softer and more deeply affected by my own words. It feels like tears are burning in my chest.

"But that doesn't necessarily mean that's what happened," Harry says, looking over at me. "Really I think it depends on where the wound is and other stuff. Maybe the cut from the can caused an infection and it took longer to heal. You can't really base your theory on that." I can tell how unsure of his own explanation he is, but he's doing his best to seek logic first rather than jump right into the worst case scenario.

"I'm not basing it only on that," I say and his expression falls. "You know I've not been myself lately. Fainting spells. Weird suicidal mood swings like what I pulled with Natasa-that was insane, Harry!" I look at him fiercely for a moment. "And then the talking to myself-I think I'm going crazy. Just like Aramei, I think I'm starting to lose my mind and it scares me to death."

Harry shakes his head harshly side to side and turns carefully around enough to face me so he can get his point across. "But you said that it was like fifty years or something before Aramei started losing her mind. For you it's only been, what, like eight months since that happened?"

"Seven."

He opens his hands, palms up. "Well then see?" he says. "I doubt he did that to you-and when was the last time you drank from any werewolf veins, huh?"

"I haven't," I admit.

"There's something wrong with you, yes," Harry says, putting his hands back on his knees, "but it's likely more medical than anything else. You probably just need some iron pills and Thorazine."

"Harry, that's not funny."

He forces the little grin away that tried to creep up at one corner of his mouth.

"I know," he says, "but you can't do this to yourself-Watch, you'll go to the doctor tomorrow and they'll have a perfectly logical diagnosis and then you'll feel stupid that you ever let something like this get to you."

I laugh under my breath, but find nothing about this actually amusing. "Well, I doubt they'll diagnose me with anything illogical. Bloodbondicitis?" I roll my eyes.

"Okay," Harry says, giving in to me a little, "maybe they can't rule something like that out, but if they do diagnose you with something that makes perfect sense, then I think it'll be safe to assume you don't have anything worse to worry about."

"Maybe so," I say, still not convinced that any 'logical diagnosis' is possible anymore. "But what if, Harry?" I turn my gaze on him again, catching the glint of his eyes in the moonlight, the soft set of his jaw, the thickness of his eyebrows. "Let's just pretend for a moment that Viktor did perform the Blood Bond with me, just like he did with Aramei-he wanted me as his mate bad enough to kidnap me-if he did it, I'd slowly lose my mind and know nothing of who I am, or who I wanted to be. I would become a mindless, unpredictable...thing...and-." I stop abruptly, wishing that I could just choke back the words and the image of myself that they shaped in my mind.

Harry cups his hand atop my bended knee and pats it once. "Then Isaac would take care of you the way that Trajan takes care of Aramei," he says with such finality and candor that for just a moment I'm able to see a brighter side to the whole thing. But the moment lasts only as long as it takes for the harsh reality of it all to flood my thoughts once more. The reality of being trapped in a body that can't even bathe herself or understand simple, yet important things in life like shame and humility and inspiration.

"And maybe Isaac won't be like his father," I argue. "Already he's nothing like his father, Harry. Trajan is cruel and only has a heart big enough for Aramei. He only loves Aramei. The world could burn down around him and as long as it was just him and Aramei left in it, he would be content." Tears surface in the corners of my eyes, but still I manage to hold them back; the back of my throat and the spot between my eyes stings and itches and burns. "Maybe Isaac will love me less. Maybe he won't love me at all. Maybe he'll think of me as used, or tainted. He can never know about this, Harry." My stare pierces through him at my side. "Do you understand? Isaac can never know."

The tears break away and roll down my face, one trailing down the bridge of my nose. I reach up and wipe it away to relieve the itchiness it caused.

Harry scoots closer and wraps his arm around my back, grabbing my arm and pushing me to lay my head against his shoulder. "I don't think you're giving Isaac enough credit," he says, rubbing his hand in a circular motion against the side of my upper arm. There is a long pause and then he says, "Adria, what scares you more? Losing your mind, or losing Isaac?"

I sniffle and raise my head. I had never thought of this before and for what feels like forever, I sit on the roof, finally staring up at the stars and I think about it. I think about how while growing up I've lost everyone I've ever loved at such a young age. My dad. My grandma. My mother. My sister. I think about what it really means to be loved, what it means to be able to love someone. I think about how often love has been taken away from me and how angry I am because of it.

"My mind," I answer softly, gazing out in front of me at something that I don't actually see. "I fear losing my mind more because the way I feel about someone else is the only thing in this world that I know I can control. I've accepted that I can't make anyone love me. I couldn't force my dad to stay. I could never make my mother understand that I loved her more than Jeff ever would and I couldn't force my sister to love me more than Ashe." I wipe all of my tears away stubbornly and I never look at Harry. "Even if Isaac ever stops loving me, I want to hold on to my right to love him for as long as I can."

I've never opened up to anyone like this before. Not even Alex. Not even Isaac. I've never explored this part of my mind, until right now, in this moment with my best friend who seems to never let me down and always knows the right things to say.

I look up as headlights blur through the darkness at the end of my driveway and my demeanor changes quickly. I sniffle away the last of my tears and rub the tip of my finger underneath my eyes to wipe away any smeared mascara that might be there and I crawl out of this ridiculous, miserable moment that makes me feel exposed. And Harry understands that I don't want to talk about love and control anymore, so he says nothing in response.

"You're probably right, about the diagnosis," I say, watching as Isaac's Jeep-with a brand new windshield-drives past the mailbox.

"But none of it explains Genna," I remind him.

"Yeah," he says, "I admit that if anything really is 'unexplained', it's that whole Genna Bishop thing-that freaked me out."

Isaac's headlights blink out after he kills the engine, leaving the front yard dark again and he gets out of the Jeep already knowing where I am. I hear his keys jangling just before he pushes them down in the front right pocket of his jeans. The motion light on the front porch flashes on as Isaac moves closer and he stands near the pool of silver light illuminating one half of Beverlee's car parked out front. I wipe my face one more time, just in case.

He raises a hand and waves up at us casually. "Take your time, love," he says from below. "I'll wait for you downstairs."

Isaac has never even slightly showed jealousy towards Harry and that's just something else that I love about him. It's not that Isaac doesn't have that typical 'human' territorial instinct-he proved that two weeks ago when a senior, Mason Bragg, was hitting on me at school right in front of Isaac and Isaac stepped between us, staring Mason down with a look that needed no words. But Harry can do anything he wants. He can hang all over me, hug me, lay his head in my lap-it doesn't matter because Isaac knows Harry's heart. He knows my heart.

"I'll be down in a second," I say, waving back at him.

Isaac starts to head up the porch steps, but he stops and looks back up at us. "Oh and Harry," he says, "Daisy wanted me to remind you to...bring your thoughts with you-whatever that means."

Harry laughs quietly.

"Thanks, man," he says.

"No problem." Isaac leaves it at that and disappears underneath the roof overhang.

Harry looks over at me and clarifies, rolling his eyes around a bit, "My lyric tablet-I've been accidently on purpose forgetting it for a week."

He shrugs it off and comes back to the matter at hand. "Anyway, I want you to know that-and I can't believe I'm saying this-I don't think you're completely crazy. Maybe there really was someone there named Genna."

I snap around, surprised at Harry's change of thought and letting his little joke about my mental stability slide altogether. "Why do you say that now?"

Harry reaches up and absently scratches the side of his nose, contemplating. "Just that you really do seem perfectly fine, except for the fainting stuff," he says, "and it just seems weird, y'know?" He thinks about it a moment longer, his eyes knotted pensively. "Is that the first time you saw her," he says, looking right at me, "in the library today?"

"No," I answer softly, more to myself than to Harry because suddenly this puzzle just broke into several more pieces. "No, I've seen her since the day I started school." All of the times I remember seeing her rushes through my head now like a slow-moving series of old photos on a projector screen. "Just about every day in Geometry class, like I told you," I go on, "I've seen her on the bleachers in the gym. In the bathrooms. Harry, she was even at The Cove that night when Viktor came with Julia and my sister."

Harry looks all the more investigative now. He rubs the side of his face before letting his hands dangle over the tops of his knees at the wrists.

Finally, he says, "Then if you've been seeing her since before this whole thing with Viktor, that's proof right there that if she is just a figment of your imagination that your Blood Bond theory has nothing to do with it."

It feels like I've been yanked from underwater and the things around me I start to hear and see more clearly all of a sudden.

I realize too, that I shouldn't even know her name. I don't recall her ever telling me and the first time I actually spoke to her was yesterday at Isaac's house. But I've known her name since I started school as if I had heard Mrs. Schvolsky call it out at some point, or someone else mentioned it. But if no one else knows her and has never even heard of her, then how could that be how I know?

"Maybe you should ask Isaac," Harry says. "Whatever's going on, maybe he would have a clue."

"No," I say right away. "No way. I'm not giving Isaac any reason to start questioning my mental health. If anything, telling him I've been seeing and speaking to someone that apparently doesn't exist, that'll do it. He'll start to wonder all on his own if something more happened to me that night with Viktor, than I'm telling."

"Well, if it is true," he says, pulling himself into a careful stand, "if you think about it, that's not something you can hide from him forever."

My heart sinks into the pit of my stomach. It's not like I didn't really think about this before, but someone else saying it, forcing me to face the truth of it, feels so much more real than my time trying to forget it.

"But like I said," Harry adds, just before climbing back inside the attic, "Iron and Thorazine pills-it'll fix you right up."

I try to catch him to give him the smack he deserves before he makes it through the window, but I can't be fast enough while trying to keep from falling off the roof.

I hear a thud-clunk inside and see Harry's dark hair rising up from the floor.

I laugh because he had it coming.

13

WHITE STERILIZED WALLS. White elongated cabinets with little silver keyholes. The clean, yet uncomfortable smell of antibacterial soap that you only ever smell while inside a hospital or clinic. I hate that soap. There's something so oddly cruel about it. My legs dangle off the side of a brown vinyl examination table where just below I can see my reflection in the shiny white tiles that make up the floor. I don't look at all happy. I look sort of constipated the way my hands are pushed firmly against my cheeks to hold up my weight, how my eyes and forehead are pulled into a hardened, unmoving mass of displeasure. I feel the paper that had been rolled over the bed for me to sit on sticking to the back of my thighs and cool air keeps sneaking in through the loose ties of the ugly gown that covers me.

I wanted to leave my jeans on and just wear the gown to cover my upper body because there's nothing they need to do downstairs, but the nurse trained to be sweet and pleasant insisted.

She's not fooling me.

I know the next time I see her come into my room she'll be carrying the Tray of Doom, lined neatly with little plastic and silver instruments that prove there's nothing sweet and pleasant about her.

I should've told Aunt Bev to go ahead and come back here with me. No, maybe not. It's probably better that she doesn't see this defiant side of her so-called charming Adria.

There's a customary knock on the tall wooden door and it clicks open a second afterwards. I wonder if doctors and nurses just do that because they have to, or if they actually think that in that one-point-three-second timeframe if patients are nak*d, they'll have enough time to cover up.

A tall, middle-aged woman walks in; stereotypical, wearing a long white thigh-length coat over her pretty silk top and black slacks. Medical I.D. badge clamped to the coat collar, hanging just over her breast. Silky blond hair with highlights pulled into a ponytail that lies neatly between her shoulder blades. She's holding my freshly printed medical chart attached to a clipboard.

"So," I say with a faint snip of sarcasm in my voice, "why do you people knock before coming in anyway? Not like you wait until the patients say to come on in." I can't help it. I'm incredibly nervous and when it comes to needles my civility sometimes detaches itself from my conscience entirely.

The smile in her eyes is about as faint as my sarcasm: noticeable, but not meant to be blatant. I'm sure she's heard and experienced worse. And I'm pretty sure she knows I have a fear of hospitals not unlike a large percentage of the population.

I can go in one just fine, but not when I'm the patient.

The doctor places the clipboard on the examination table beside me. She smells nice, but I still smell the soap that she washed with from whatever room she left recently.

Her smile opens up more. "It's just to let you know I'm on my way in," she says. "You had plenty of time to undress and put on the gown, I see." She's making her point cleverly, not an ounce of offense in her voice. She's very professional, I'll give her that much.

Nervously, I fold my hands together between my thighs and look toward the latex glove dispenser hanging on the wall.

"So, what's been going on with you, Miss Dawson?" she says while rolling the stool over next to me and taking a seat on it.

I let my breath out slowly and look at her. She sits there now with the clipboard in her lap, but no pen to jot down the things I'm going to tell her because Ms. Sweet n' Pleasant took all of those notes down already for her. I don't say, 'But I already told the nurse all this stuff,' because it's pointless, like knocking on the door before coming in.

"I've been having dizzy spells," I begin, "and I've fainted twice in two days. A little nausea, but I haven't actually thrown up. Shortness of breath. Spots in front of my eyes." I'm not about to tell her that I've been seeing ghosts and having conversations with them, or that I think I might've been bonded for life to an ancient werewolf after drinking his blood. Not unless I want my very own private room somewhat like this one, minus everything but the white walls and floor and easy access out the door.

Logical diagnosis. That's what I'm here for.

The doctor peers down into the paper, scans it and looks back up at me.

"Have you been under any stress?"

I nod, but don't elaborate.

"And how often do you eat?"

I think about it. "Normal, I guess. Just not when I'm feeling dizzy."

"On any special diets? Vegetarian? Vegan? Anything like that?"

"No."

She pulls out a pen that had been hidden behind the clip on the clipboard and writes something down in a short, fluid motion.

"And how do you feel right now?" she says.

"Aside from being nervous," I answer, "I'm okay. At least until that nurse comes back in here with the needles and ruins my day. Oh, and she pinched my arm with that blood pressure cuff, so that hurts a little, too."

I catch another faint smile tug the corners of her lips, but she looks down at the chart again to covertly conceal it.

I do feel like a bratty child, and I'm trying my hardest not to be, but my defensives are way up and when I'm scared like this, I tend to become bolder rather than curl up in a ball and beg for my life.

"You'll be fine," she says looking back up at me a few inches higher than she sits. "Can you recall what happened, or what was said shortly before any of your dizzy spells?" She crosses one leg over the other, one arm over her stomach and fits the tip of her chin in her upraised hand. "Any of that stress related to any incidents in particular?"

Looking away from her and up at the ceiling tiles, I muse over the question for a moment. I thought when Uncle Carl came home it was a pretty un-stressful event, but I guess maybe I was a little stressed out, worrying about the house and if Uncle Carl will feel comfortable, oh and my heart-to-heart with Beverlee about Isaac. And then the day after in the restaurant...that probably just carried over from front row seats at the friendly neighborhood werewolf challenge. Now, at Isaac's house when Natasa was there and I actually did black out, I can definitely put that whole scenario in the stressful category. The same in the library yesterday with Genna.

Okay, so maybe they are related.

And both times I blacked out, Genna had been there-I think-telling me to 'calm down'.

Maybe there really is a logical diagnosis.

Except for Genna. She's still on my crazy list.

I'm looking at this doctor with a bit more appreciation now, as if she has all the answers and can ease my mind about the Blood Bond possibility.

"Yeah, I guess I have been more stressed out than usual," I say, but again, there's no way I can go into details.

She smiles more warmly, detecting my slightly diminished resistance towards her and says, "We'll run a few tests of course to rule some things out, but at your age, being in High School and dealing with so many things at once, it sounds like you might be having some anxiety. All of your symptoms are classic signs of an anxiety attack, and though fainting doesn't normally occur, it has and does happen at times with some people."

I've been wincing since before she even finished the sentence about running tests and already my heart is starting to pound wildly in my chest.

"What kind of tests?" I say, but I know full well what kind and I'm sure the doctor already knows that my question really translates: Please tell me these tests don't involve needles, which might result in me fainting right here on this table?

"We'll draw some blood..." I DON'T REALLY HEAR HER ANYMORE; her voice sounds really far off, or muffled behind a door. "...but I promise that Nurse Jillian will be very gentle."

Oh, is that her name? Well, I might not be awake by the time she rolls in here with the Tray of Doom anyway, so it doesn't matter.

After the doctor goes into all of the more uncomfortable questions about my bathroom habits and menstrual cycle (this is also why I hate hospitals-I'd rather drink spoiled milk than answer these kinds of questions) and jots down several more notes, she stands up and places the clipboard on the counter behind her and then squirts some foamy antibacterial stuff from a can mounted on the wall into her hand. First she looks at my pupils and then in my ears and throat and then moves her fingertips around my neck and under my jaw to check for swollen lymph nodes. I'm guided to lay back flat on the table and she pushes around on my stomach.

When she's done I lift back up and wait for phase three.

"The nurse will be in shortly," she says so casually, without any regard for my feelings at all (I know I'm being ridiculous), "so just sit tight and we'll get you all wrapped up and out of here in no time." She washes her hands thoroughly in the sink right next to a cartoonish print-out of a pair of hands covered in a mound of frothy soap that reads: DID YOU WASH THEM? She walks casually out the door with the clipboard pressed gently against her side.

I need to breathe. Deep, calm breaths.

Trying to find anything to keep my mind off what's going to come through that door any moment, I stare off at a poster of the circulatory system, and then at one of a heart (with a smiling, happy face) and all its parts and chambers and functions displayed with tiny side notes. I see a blood red trash bag hanging over the sides of a short metal can covered by a lid that opens with the press of a foot. And on the wall to my left sits a tan-colored needle disposal container with a black and red symbol that looks like something you see on the cover of a heavy metal album.

There's not a single thing in this room that's going to help ease my mind. I need a room with pictures of kittens and bulldog puppies.

Knock. Knock. One-point-three-seconds after and the door comes open, but I refuse to look up at Nurse Jillian, or whatever her name is. Seeing the tray I know will be the final point which sets me right over the edge and my fairly composed time in the doctor's office will take an unfortunate turn. I've never actually passed out at the sight of needles before, but considering my fainting track record as of late, if anything makes me faint it's going to be this. I look away from the floor and in the opposite direction instead, while the nurse says something comforting that I can't hear and gets her 'tools' ready.

Another series of light knocks and the door barely cracks open. I hear Aunt Bev's voice between the door and the wall: "Is it okay to come in?" Now that's how it's done.

"Yes, Aunt Bev," I say, still trying not to make any sort of eye contact with the nurse who wears a pink pastel scrub top with whimsical zoo animals printed all over it. But I do notice that she didn't bring a tray, but rather a blood-red caddy filled with little vials and perfectly packaged butterfly needles and alcohol swabs and Band-Aids and gauze.

The back of my neck is prickling with sweat....

Beverlee cautiously slips the rest of the way inside and lets the door shut softly behind her. She and the nurse exchange smiles as Beverlee makes her way to the chair sitting near the end of the examination table.

"They said you might need some company," Beverlee says, placing her banana-shaped shiny black purse on the floor beside her feet.

I start to politely protest, but then out of the corner of my eye, I see something move near the sink. For just a split second, it looked like the wall had moved, like a pebble had been dropped in a pond creating one brief series of ripples. I blink my eyes three times to adjust them more clearly, but there's nothing there. Okay, I'm seeing things again, but something like this is easier to pass off as 'seeing things' than a full body apparition that breathes and talks and for some reason haunts a Geometry class.

"All done," the nurse says. "See, now that wasn't so bad. You did great."

Huh? I blink awake...I think...and I stare up at the nurse, her hands covered by cream-colored latex gloves that I never saw her put on. Beverlee is standing up on the other side of me, but I never saw her stand. The nurse places three vials of freshly drawn blood into her caddy, blood that I never saw her draw. I look to and from her and Beverlee, back and forth dozens of times, my mouth hanging partially open, my memories rejecting me access.

"Did I faint again?" I'm completely and utterly baffled.

Beverlee's comforting smile remains, but I notice a touch of question in her face, too. "No, honey, you did great."

I glance downward, afraid to look right at the bend of my arm because it does feel like a needle had just been in it, but I give in. A Band-Aid is stuck to my skin, a little bulging piece of gauze held in place underneath it. The harsh smell of alcohol rises up into my nostrils. I look back up and let my gaze scan the room, looking for something out of place, something that could indicate that this is just a dream and I'm going to snap awake in a second and find out that I did black out after all.

I swallow hard, realizing that I'm fully awake and that the past however many minutes have somehow been stripped from my mind.

"You can go ahead and get dressed now," the nurse says as she goes to leave, one hand on the door and the other holding the caddy at her side by its handle. "Just sit tight while the lab works its magic and the doctor will be in afterwards with the results," she says to Beverlee.

Thirty minutes in this tiny room feels like three hours, but I can't be bothered by the long wait, or really even what the results might be. I think mostly about what happened to me in here, how it can be that I don't remember, yet I didn't black out, according to Beverlee. I sit quietly, staring at the wall near the sink where I think I saw something earlier, just before the nurse drew my blood. Beverlee tries to make conversation, probably just to get me talking because I'm sure I look a little traumatized, but I can hardly hear anything she says. I nod where I need to and shake my head at the appropriate time and even look at her a few times while she's speaking, but all of this is the doing of my subconscious. If she were to ask me later what we 'talked about', I would have no idea what to tell her.

I don't even hear the customary knock this time when the doctor comes back in, but I do manage to pull myself out of my deep thoughts so that I can hear what she has to say about the results.

Logical diagnosis. Please, let there be one.

"Looks like you are anemic," she says, standing in the center of the room with my medical sheet pressed to her side in the clipboard, "but so far we aren't seeing anything to indicate that it's caused by anything serious. Other than low iron, blood count looks good and your urine came back fine, but I'm going to put you on an iron supplement for now and see how well you do. In the meantime, we'll refer you to another clinic for further tests to rule out some things."

I'm still too stunned by the events to complain about her mention of 'further tests'. I just let her and Beverlee do all the talking.

"Also, I would like to try Adria out on a low dose anxiety medication." She pulls two small square sheets of paper from the clipboard and hands them to Beverlee. "This one is for generalized anxiety and panic attacks. It's the lowest dose possible, but if it doesn't help in twelve to fourteen days then call back and a nurse can phone-in a higher dose for you at your pharmacy-I'll note that in Adria's chart."

They talk for a minute more before the doctor leaves and another nurse comes in afterwards to discharge us.

Before we walk through the double glass doors past the nurse's station, I see the doctor standing there with her back to me, writing something in a thick file at a counter.

"Ummm," I mumble and she turns around to face me, but I feel really uncomfortable, "sorry about my craziness back there."

Like I said, I have a submissive relationship with guilt. NBC could make a show based on me-My Name is Adria-though it wouldn't be as funny as Earl's.

The doctor smiles, reaches over to the sticker roll hanging on the wall and tears one off.

"No worries," she says and puts the sticker in my hand.

I glance down awkwardly at Dora the Explorer and even more awkwardly back up at her.

She winks, but everything about the gesture is her way of clever payback and I can't help but laugh inside about it. I think I love that doctor now. Too bad she can't be my doctor in the future. This is just a child and adolescent clinic-Beverlee couldn't get me in to see her 'grown-up' doctor until next week.

14

SCHOOL IS FINALLY OUT and summer vacation has officially begun. It used to be that every year Alex and I would sleep until two o'clock the first day of summer vacation, and then we'd pack up our tents and head to Lake Sinclair with Alex's friends, Liz and Brandon.

I do miss her. I miss her a lot. But I'm making new memories and I can't think of anyone better to make them with than Isaac.

I spent the last days of school going on with my life, the one I enjoyed before these fainting spells started. The only thing that's had me stressed out lately is anticipating Portland. But that's a good kind of stress. And since the day I went to the clinic and found out that there was a perfectly logical explanation for what's been going on with me, I've been on air happy about it.

That little skeptic voice in the back of my mind is still taking up residence, but I don't hear it as much anymore.

And Harry likes to keep reminding me how right he was (though the iron pills were a lucky coincidence!) and how I should just let him make all of my decisions for me in the future. He's so full of it, but he's the best.

I'm thinking maybe the anxiety medication has helped, too. I hope so, because I'm going to need it this weekend.

I'm ready to give myself to Isaac, ready to try again, anyway.

I haven't seen or heard from Genna Bishop since that day in the library. It's like she just disappeared, no trace of her left anywhere. But that would've been an easy thing to do, considering I seem to be the only person who had ever seen her.

Maybe she wasn't real after all. Or, maybe I should just accept it and leave it alone. I keep trying to make myself believe that because what else can I do, really? I can either worry about it constantly, eventually driving myself into a nuthouse, or I can accept that maybe she is real, maybe there's nothing wrong with me at all and she's just a ghost, or...I don't know. Something like this isn't easy to resolve when you're only trying to make rational excuses to explain it. But werewolves are real. And were it not for that extraordinary fact, then I might be inclined to think more on the impractical side and make Harry right also about needing medication for schizophrenia.

I've been getting ready at home for about an hour now. My stuff has been packed for two days, but I have some things to do around the house before I go. I'm glad to have my aunt as my boss, too. Otherwise, I might not have been able to take off the whole weekend and tonight (I only work at Finch's on Tuesday and Friday nights and every other weekend) to go on a vacation. Apparently, teenagers don't get vacations, so I'm lucky in this way.

I practically dance down the stairs, not realizing how obvious I am, but Uncle Carl points it out to me.

"Excited much?" he says from his permanent residence in the chair in the den. "Portland's nice-was there last summer with Beverlee at Old Orchard Beach."

I just smile at him because right now I'm kind of stuck thinking I should be careful how I word things, just in case I say something that will remind him he can't go back to Old Orchard Beach and enjoy things the same way.

Beverlee comes around the corner near the stairs from the dining room. She's carrying her old, beat-up red wallet so packed full of photographs, cards and coupons that I imagine she must have to sit on it to get it to close all the way.

"I got you a pre-paid credit card," she says, slipping her finger behind one stack of cards in search of the right one.

"Aunt Bev, I really-."

"Now, don't waste your breath," she says, finding the right card and sliding it out from between the others. "There's two hundred dollars on here, just in case."

"Two hun-in case of what?" I say, objectionably, "That I might want to put a down payment on a car while I'm there?"

Beverlee shoves the card in my hand.

"Just have a good time," she says, smiling. "Besides, you'd need more than two hundred dollars for a down payment on a decent car anyway."

I smirk and reluctantly put the credit card in the back pocket of my jeans.

"Put it in your purse though," she says, objecting to the unsafe back pocket idea before my hand even falls away from my butt. "Lose it and anyone can swipe it wherever they want."

"I'll put it in my purse as soon as I go back upstairs."

She smiles and makes her way into the kitchen and I follow. She opens the cabinet over the toaster and starts taking down a few random things: a variety box of Nabisco snack packs, two packages of beef flavored Ramen Noodles (the only flavor I will touch), among other things. "For the ride and in case you get stuck on the freeway-don't want you starving to death."

I don't say how she's exaggerating a bit, or ask about how I'd cook Ramen Noodles on the side of the freeway, but instead smile and help her bag the items in a plastic grocery store sack. Lastly, she bends over underneath the bar counter and lifts out a six-pack of bottled water. "And being without water is worse than being without food."

"She's just going to Portland!" Uncle Carl says from the den. "She's not driving all the way to Mexico!"

I lower my gaze and smile inwardly.

Beverlee holds the noodles just over the sack and says in a low voice, "It's casual-thinking like that, that ends up with a flat tire in a monsoon on a stretch of freeway an hour's walk from the closest convenience store." She drops the noodles in the sack and points at me as if underlining the fact.

I laugh softly under my breath and shake my head.

I do the dishes for Aunt Bev, check with Uncle Carl in case he needs anything-he doesn't, of course; well, he says he doesn't anyway-and straighten up my room while I wait on Isaac to pick me up. And I make sure to put that credit card in my purse, too. I move over to the dresser mirror and touch up my makeup one more time; a few dabs of powder on my forehead where my skin is beginning to shine and then with a big blush brush, I outline my cheekbones with the soft pink glittery blush that Zia gave to me. She's always trying to get me to 'glamour up' and I admit that sometimes I give in to her a little. Daisy does it too, but Zia likes to 'hog me', as Daisy calls it. I love Zia to death, but I have to admit that I like Daisy's soft, laid-back style better than Zia's 'glamoured-up' beauty; for me anyway. The last time Zia made me over, she did that smoky-eye thing and I hated it. I looked like a raccoon.

Now I get to sit here anxiously, though I don't do much sitting. I pace my room, looking for something else to do, anything I may have missed and just end up taking my mini suitcase and duffle bag downstairs and set it near the front door next to Beverlee's bag of roadside emergency groceries.

Harry and Daisy pull into the drive first and I go outside to meet them.

"Right on time," I say as Daisy shuts her car door and walks toward me.

Harry climbs out after fumbling the seatbelt back inside the car, pulling it a few times trying to get it to tighten. A worn-out seatbelt isn't the only thing wrong with Harry's ancient 1970 Monte Carlo. There's been some kind of issue with it since I met him, but he loves that car and I don't see him getting anything new anytime soon.

"I can't wait to get out of here," Daisy says in her addictive English accent. She moves up the porch steps and I move down them to meet her halfway. The first thing she does when she's in touching distance is reach out a hand toward my neck.

"So pretty," she says, gently thumbing the moonstone pendant. "Let me guess-Isaac?" She grins looking up at me as she stands one step lower.

She glances back to see how close Harry is and then whispers to me, "Don't repeat this because Isaac will kill me, but I've never seen him like this before, the way he is with you-I think you have him whipped!"

I'm totally blushing.

"Shhh!" I say, smiling hugely. "That's not the word I would've chosen."

"Then how would you describe it?" she says and Harry is almost too close. But I use this to my advantage and pause a few long seconds to give Harry enough time to save me from having to answer the question.

"Where's everybody at?" Harry says. He looks down at his phone as if to check the time.

I hear motors in the distance now, just past the trees at the end of the road. Seconds later and two vehicles are pulling into the drive: Isaac's Jeep Rubicon and Nathan's FJ Cruiser with his new girlfriend, Hannah, in the front seat and Zia and Sebastian in the back.

I don't know what it is with werewolves and off-road vehicles.

As cars begin to pile up in the driveway, Aunt Bev joins us all on the front porch, dangling the roadside emergency sack in her hand.

"Hi Babe," Isaac says and pecks me once on the lips. "Where's your stuff?"

I open the front door just as Beverlee steps the rest of the way out and I go to get my bags from the floor. But Isaac gently pushes me aside and gets them for me, shouldering the duffle bag on one side and holding the mini suitcase in the opposite hand. "Sure you got everything?"

I mull it over for a minute. Toothbrush? Check. Extra panties and socks? Check. Make-up bag? Check. Three sets of clothes? Check. My new anxiety medication? Check. The purse on my shoulder? I pat it once as if I didn't already feel the weight of it. Check. I check off a few more things and shrug, satisfied that I packed everything I needed.

"Well, you did say I wouldn't be needing a bathing suit."

"Nope," Isaac says, "still too cold for swimming."

"Have you had your car checked out lately?" Beverlee says to Isaac from the side. She holds out the sack for him and he takes that too. "Oil change. Tune up. Tires. Things like that."

"Yes, ma'am," Isaac says, "it's all good to go. Perfectly safe. I give you my word."

I just look away and pretend to be listening to Harry and Daisy talk. I always look away when a conversation is openly about me, yet some try so hard not to make it so obvious. Isaac's Jeep isn't even a year old and probably doesn't need any of that stuff. It's Harry's car that needs it. Or, better yet, that shouldn't be traveling distances too far out of town.

Beverlee nods, accepting Isaac's not-so-secret promise to make sure nothing happens to me on the way there, or back. Then he heads down the porch steps and glides toward the Jeep where he slings my bags into the backseat with ease. Thankfully we won't be riding with the top off the Jeep, as I don't want my hair slapping me in the face for the next hour.

We pull out of the driveway one behind the other like a small fleet of 4-wheel-drive and 1970's metal. Harry and Daisy are in the lead since he's the one who knows exactly where we're going. It's easy to pick up Harry's speakers playing Incubus or something, I can't really tell; the guitar funnels from the car and carries behind it into our opened windows.

It feels unexpectedly strange, leaving Hallowell. I guess because I haven't been much outside of Augusta on an actual trip since I left Georgia back in September. Kind of liberating. I think this trip might be the kind of thing I've needed all along. A chance to get away from everything; or at least a chance to breathe outside of a place where a lot of devastating things have happened. Because it's not like things are bad now, or that I'm miserable, hate school and my job and just want to get away. Exactly the opposite. Everything is awesome. I guess sometimes a trip away from awesome can still be therapeutic.

We head east, destination Scarborough, and as we drive farther away and I can smell the salt and fishy ocean on the air, I can't help but think of my sister, Alexandra, and where she is right now, what she's doing, if she's thinking about me.

I doubt she ever thinks about me anymore.

Life in Hallowell has been quiet and I've not seen or heard anything of the Vargas family. William Vargas, brother to Alexandra's boyfriend, Ashe, I know is dead. The one I punched in the mouth at the skate park the first time I met them. Isaac killed William seven months ago. In the chaos I saw his human body lying lifeless and twisted on the floor of the Vargas house that night. I remember briefly seeing his cold, empty eyes, glazed over by a thin layer of moisture that only made his eyes look like glass to me. But Ashe, as far as I know, is still alive.

And Viktor Vargas...well, I'm probably the only one among us who knows that Viktor is still alive. Well, Harry knows now, too.

I glance over at Isaac sitting next to me in the driver's seat and for a moment all I can see is someone who believes so strongly in a lie. The lie of the century. And every day that passes, by not saying anything, I'm the one telling that lie.

God, Isaac looks so much like his father, Trajan. I see Sibyl in him too, though I would never tell him that because he would take it as an insult, even though Sibyl is beautiful. Malevolent and murderous beyond imagining, but still beautiful. Isaac has her bright blue eyes and dark hair, but he looks more like Trajan with his defined cheekbones and round face. But most of all that dangerous look in his eyes when he's deep in thought, or when something doesn't feel right. It's uncanny how much they resemble each other.

We stay on I-295 for what seems like forever, but having Isaac as my company makes any long drive bearable.

He's been talking about the trip he took to the Grand Canyon three years ago and the two weeks he spent in Corpus Christi, Texas, tracking a werewolf Turned by yet another rogue clan-as if the Vargas bloodline isn't enough.

"He Turned two days before the moon was full," Isaac says watching the road out ahead, "and killed a sixteen-year-old boy. Some of the locals said it was a Chupacabra, but there's no such thing." He tilts his head to see me from the corner of his eye and grins widely.

"Oh, as opposed to werewolves?" I joke. "Yeah, believing in a Chupacabra is just insane." I roll my eyes and laugh quietly to myself.

Isaac puts his eyes on the road again. A white van speeds by in the other lane, followed by a red SUV. A guy hangs his head out the window of the SUV and yells about something exciting, pumping his fist in the air. I mean who does that on the freeway? Probably a drunk college student heading to Portland too. I hope this Higgins Beach isn't full of crazy like that. Though, Harry did say that his sister's house was on a private section of Higgins Beach, so hopefully it's private enough to keep out the uninvited. And thankfully it's not hot enough for this beach to be packed like the beaches I'm used to in Georgia during the summertime.

"Uh oh," Isaac says and I look up through the windshield to see what he's staring at.

The Jeep begins to slow down as Isaac veers slowly toward the shoulder and finally we come to a stop behind Harry's smoking car. Cars buzz by us on the freeway so fast and so close that the wind moves the Jeep side to side.

"I knew this was going to happen," I say, shaking my head. I watch Harry get out, carefully opening the driver's side door enough to make room, but not so much the door will get knocked off by a passing vehicle. He kicks the back tire out of frustration and I hang out the Jeep window and yell at him, "Hey! It's not her fault you're driving her far past her expiration date!" He flips me off and I laugh loudly.

"Wait here," Isaac says, smiling at our playful exchange and he opens the door and climbs out.

Nathan and the others are stopped behind us.

When I notice that all of the guys are getting out and me, Zia, Daisy and Hannah are still sitting in our seats like good little girls, I decide to get out too. Isaac notices me walking toward them and I see how quickly his eyes move between me and the oncoming freeway traffic. A diesel zooms by, practically blowing my hair right off my scalp. I decide to move even farther away from the road and take my chances in the sloped grass instead.

"No telling what's wrong with it," Sebastian says over the freeway noise as I walk up. "And can't really work on it out here."

Isaac immediately takes a hold of me. I can tell how nervous he is that I'm standing out here with rude drivers not getting in the far lane when they pass us.

"I'll have to call a tow truck," Harry says, whipping out his phone. "We're only about twenty minutes away from my sister's anyway."

"You and Daisy can ride the rest of the way with us," Isaac says.

We camp out for thirty minutes on the side of the freeway until the tow truck arrives and hoists Harry's car onto the bed. Harry looks kind of sad as he watches the guy secure chains on the wheels, but I don't mess with him about it anymore. He really does love that car. Calls her Darla, but I swore an oath never to tell anyone that secret, including Daisy.

"I'm sure Isaac won't mind if we borrow his Jeep in Portland," Daisy says from the back seat behind Isaac. She softly hits the back of Isaac's seat and says, "Will you, my favorite and most charitable brother?"

Isaac sighs, giving in. "No, I don't care," he says, putting the Jeep into gear as we pull away, "as long as Adria and I don't need it."

"Of course," Daisy agrees. She scoots across the back seat and gets in Harry's lap. He kisses her on the nose.

I hear shouting from behind the Jeep and notice Zia's white-blond head poking out the back window, pumping her fist in the air as we speed away. I just shake my head and laugh quietly to myself.

15

TWENTY MINUTES LATER AND we're pulling into the private drive of a little blue house perched on a grassy landscape just feet from sand and ocean water. We pile out of the vehicles, but before anyone bothers to grab any bags, we run to check out the scenery. The wind is brisk coming off the ocean. The white sand beach stretches far out in a horseshoe shape, dotted by other private beach houses, all of them spaced fifty yards or so apart. I see a long winding sand-covered trail flanked by tall wind-brushed grass leading toward the ocean. Big sweeping trees sit on both sides of the house, one with a hanging three-seated swing swaying from its massive branches

Seagulls circle and dive overhead with high-pitched calls. The water lapping the shore sounds calm despite the brisk wind that keeps pushing stray hair that escaped from my ponytail into my mouth.

The sun is high in the sky and as I step up and away from the cover of one tree, I put my hand above my eyes to shield them as I peer out at the ocean.

"Crap-I forgot my sunglasses," I say as Isaac comes up behind me. "I knew I'd forget something."

Catching me off-guard, Isaac lifts me into the air and slings me over his shoulder. I scream, beating him against his back with my fists, but I know there's no way I'm hitting him hard enough to hurt him. I can't hit him hard enough to hurt him. He holds me there, his iron-grip hands fastened to my upper thighs.

"Put me down, or-"

"You'll what?" Isaac laughs. "You'll continue to pat me on the back with your flimsy little hands?" He spins me around once and I stop hitting him so that I can hold onto his sides instead.

"Isaac!" I try to kick my way free, but I can barely move my legs a centimeter his grip is so tight. "I've got to pee!" I scream, and in two seconds flat I feel his grip loosen and my body slides down the front of his easily.

My smirk widens and I maneuver myself behind him and jump onto his back, wrapping my legs around his waist, my hands draped over his shoulders. I move my mouth real close to his ear and say, "Or I'll use my wicked intellectual skills to trick you into putting me down since my flimsy little hands won't work." I press my lips against the side of his face. His grip tightens.

"I'd rather be tricked than peed on," he says, grinning.

"Tow truck's here!" Harry says from the driveway.

Still straddling Isaac from behind, he walks with me back to the cars where the tow truck is backing its way in. Harry stands behind it, guiding it to the far side of the driveway so that it's out of the way of the other cars. Seconds later, another car pulls in and a slim, brown-haired girl gets out holding four large pizza boxes. Harry hugs his sister and takes the pizza boxes from her and passes them to Sebastian before going back to deal with the tow truck that's now letting his precious Darla out of her chains.

Megan, Harry's sister, can't be older than twenty-five. And I can definitely see the resemblance as we all hang out on the large deck outside overlooking the ocean. Like Harry, Megan is tall, with dark, dark eyebrows and when she smiles I notice that one corner of her mouth lifts a little higher than the other, exactly like Harry's does.

All of the guys are literally stuffing their faces with pizza. Daisy, Zia and I eat with a little less savagery, and Hannah (she doesn't talk much) declines food altogether.

"If you're going to be working on that car here," Megan says to Harry, "make sure you put an oil pan and a blanket or something under it this time. I don't want that stuff leaving black stains all over the sand."

"Fine, Meg," Harry says with his mouth full. "Where's that guy you were dating-Phillip, I think? The one with the killer pinup tat?" Harry swallows his food and takes another bite bigger than the last; the corners of his mouth are red with pizza sauce. He looks at all of us sitting around the wrought-iron patio table and adds, "My sister said she'd never date a guy with tattoos. Never." He smiles triumphantly.

"Harry's trying to get rid of me," Megan says to us, taking a little bite of pizza herself. "Hasn't seen me in a month and is already tired of my company."

We're all smiling, listening to their innocent banter.

"Hey!" Harry says to Megan and then looks back at all of us. "She's just trying to make you feel bad for her. Don't fall for it. She's not as innocent as she looks."

"I'm on her side already," says Zia on Harry's right.

"Me too," I say. "Harry can be shady sometimes, especially when he wants something."

"Uh huh," Daisy says with her mouth full too. She points a finger and adds, "He thinks that charming smile and sad eyes of his are failsafe, but he has got it all wrong."

Harry's eyes get bigger and bigger as everyone gangs up on him. He turns to Sebastian, the one person at the table other than his sister who's known him longer than anyone.

"Come on, man," he says, palms up, "back me up here!"

The table gets quiet and all eyes are on Sebastian.

"It's her house," Sebastian finally says, shrugs his shoulders and goes back to his pizza.

The table erupts with laughter, even from poor, abandoned Harry.

"I'll be gone before any of you get back tonight," Megan says, wiping her mouth with a paper towel. She takes a sip of soda and sets the can back on the table. "And Harry, you know my rules. Break them and I'll tell Mom and I'll never trust you alone in my house again. Got it?"

Harry winks and makes a clicking noise with his tongue. "Got it."

I'm wondering what the rules are, but I'm pretty sure it's basic obvious stuff like no wild parties, no drugs or alcohol and no sex in the house. Stuff like that. Wild parties are iffy, because if we did have any sort of party, it would just be amongst ourselves, so it wouldn't really be 'wild'. Drugs and alcohol are no issue because as far as I know, no one here has any bad habits like that. Not sure about Nathan's girlfriend, Hannah, but somehow I doubt she does either. She's afraid of peperoni.

Sex in the house? Well, that's another story.

I'm the only virgin here (again, I'm not sure about Hannah, but being Nathan's girlfriend, I highly doubt it), and put a house full of couples like us alone in a beach house away from chaperones and there's a 99.9% chance that someone's going to be hav**g s*x.

I look over at Isaac sitting next to me and just imagine it for a brief moment. Oh my god. Maybe I shouldn't do that....

Isaac smiles at me and I feel his hand move across my inner thigh. It's nothing sexual. He does that all the time when we sit next to each other, but with the imagery still hanging on the edges of my mind, the touch only intensifies the details. I cross my legs instinctively as chills attack me all over and his hand has no choice but to pull away. I feel Isaac smiling at me from the side, maybe wondering what caused me to do that, but my face is burning so hot I can't turn around fully to look back at him. I feel his lips touch my jawline just below my ear and my already raised temperature goes up another two degrees.

We spend the next hour dragging our bags in from the cars and checking out the rest of the house. There are three bedrooms, but Megan stresses that hers is off-limits, so that leaves two for all of us to choose from. Harry and Daisy get the one he always stays in when he visits, and Nathan, being the oldest, gets the other room for him and Hannah. That leaves Isaac and I to snatch up the full walkout basement and Zia and Sebastian get the den area with a roll-out couch bed.

By mid-afternoon we head into Portland's Downtown District and leave the Jeeps parked in a public parking lot. We missed the Old Port Festival by a week, but Harry insists that there's still plenty to do when the weather's as nice as it is. On the way downtown, I've never seen so many fishing vessels and sailboats. And even though we missed the festival, once we make it into the Old Port District perched on the water's edge, I see there is no shortage of people walking the cobblestone streets with vendors and shops and restaurants teeming with business and a lot of tourists. By four o'clock, my feet are killing me from walking around so much. We visited just about everything that wasn't boring, but inevitably it was unanimously decided that the girls must break off from the guys because they want to check out the Harley Davidsons at a small motorcycle show nearby, and we of course, do not.

Kissing Isaac goodbye, even just for a little while I think will always feel like I'm kissing him goodbye forever.

"We'll meet back up at Deering Oaks Park," Isaac says, standing underneath a small white awning settled between two copper-colored signs. "Cell phone?" he looks at me quizzically.

I reach into the leather purse he bought for me not long ago and dig around for my phone. "Yes, Daddy, I have my cell phone," I say, holding it up to prove it and my grin just gets bigger.

Isaac rubs his hands up and down the sides of my arms. "What am I going to do with you?" he says. "Might have to conjure up a fitting punishment for that smart mouth of yours."

I push myself up on my toes to kiss him. I meant for it to be a simple loving peck on the lips, but before I move away, he pulls me closer to kiss me more deeply. "But I happen to love that smart mouth," he says now inches from my lips.

"Oh come on," Nathan says. "Don't make me get cliche and tell you two to get a room." He's holding Hannah's hand, who seems to blush when her eyes meet mine. Someone as quiet and petite as Hannah seems unlikely in our oddly arranged group. They've been going out for about a month. And she's tiny. She can't weigh more than one hundred-two pounds. She's pretty, in that cute Hailee Steinfeld sort of way.

We break off from the guys and cut through a small park from Market Street and head to the corner of Middle and Exchange Street to find a mandatory Starbucks. I'm trying to keep a mental map of these places in my head so we don't get lost. It doesn't matter that most of us have cell phones with built-in GPS systems; I like to take extra precautions and don't want to be one of those people who depend solely on technology for everything. As Aunt Bev might say: "It's casual-thinking like that, that ends up lost in the middle of nowhere with a dead cell phone and the only way back is to map your way out by the stars."

Some kind of blues music carries through the streets like only live music can, the rawness of the guitar and accuracy of instruments that recorded music tends to modify and bury.

We hit several smaller stores tucked into side streets and alleys before finding a restaurant we all agree on and I finally get a chance to rest my feet. The picnic tables outside by the water are full, so we sit inside by a window to eat our food, watching tourists walk by on the side deck. Daisy and Hannah sit across from Zia and me and our shopping bags sit next to us. I only spent a total of $32 on a turquoise beaded necklace for Aunt Bev and a couple of knick-knack's that'll probably sit on a shelf and collect dust.

"I started to think you didn't eat at all," Zia says to Hannah who smiles almost childlike with her shoulders pushed up near her cheeks. She eats like a bird, pecking at the organic greens and mushrooms her salad had been made with. She does look like she could use a nice fat steak with a buttery baked potato on the side.

I really don't know much about Hannah except that she is a werewolf. Newly Turned. Not even a year ago. I wonder how in the world someone as small as she is could've lived through the transformation. How she can continue to live through it. I guess it's obvious that how small one's body is has nothing to do with whether a female can survive it, or not. And I try not to think about the process much. Nothing about it exactly deserves my consideration. It would be kind of like sitting around daydreaming about horrific scenes from Dog Soldiers, or those two crazy chicks in those Ginger Snaps movies.

Not exactly my kind of daydreaming.

Hannah places her fork in her salad and daintily wipes one corner of her mouth. "I've never really had much of an appetite," she says in a voice almost too soft to hear.

Daisy smiles over at her and says, "I think that's one reason Nathan likes you, doll."

"Because she doesn't like food?" Zia says incredulously, stuffing a torn-off piece of flatbread in her mouth.

"No, honey," Daisy says, "Nathan just has a thing for petite girls, and vegetarians tend to be smaller than meat-eaters, I guess."

Personally, I'm not sure what it is about Hannah that Nathan really likes. Yeah, she's really pretty, but he usually goes for fun, outgoing girls with loveable personalities. Hannah isn't very fun, definitely far from being outgoing. And honestly, I think Daisy is just trying to be nice by helping Hannah to fit in with us. Because Daisy knows even better than I do that Hannah isn't Nathan's usual type.

That whole talk of being petite and of vegetarianism, it's just Daisy's way of including Hannah, as weird as the approach may be.

"You're a vegetarian?" I say, surprised, yet at the same time, not so much.

"Yeah," Hannah says coyly, "I've never eaten meat in my life. I was raised vegetarian."

I feel my eyes get a little wider. Zia's are as round as softballs and a piece of flatbread hangs precariously between her lips. "You've never had meat? Ever?"

I think Zia's eyeballs are about to fall out.

Being a vegetarian really isn't a big deal to me at all. Both of my best friends back in Georgia were vegetarians. What's so hard to swallow about this information is the fact that Hannah's a werewolf and the picture I'm trying to visualize isn't coming together like I want it to. I keep seeing her all wolfed-out, chomping down on some poor human's collarbone and stopping to throw up instead of finishing the job.

I lean over the seat so the couple sitting nearby doesn't hear and I say to Zia, "But she's...a werewolf." The word 'werewolf' I forced through my front teeth.

Zia finally swallows that piece of flatbread hanging from her lips and throws her head back and laughs.

"Adria!" she says, "werewolves don't actually eat people!" She pauses, looking upward and corrects herself, "Well, not intentionally, anyway."

She had said it all so loud that the nearby couple looks over at us warily.

"Well I know that, Zia!" I say, still pushing the words harshly through my teeth. "Just that being one means you're likely going to at least taste human flesh at some point-know what I mean?"

"I guess that's true," Zia admits, going back to her food. "She's bound to wake up one morning with bits in her teeth."

I shudder visibly and my face has scrunched up so much I know I look like one of those hideous troll dolls. "God, Zia! That's gross. Seriously."

Hannah looks pale now and the coy smile has fled from her face.

"Oh, doll," Daisy says, reaching over and laying her hand on Hannah's, "they didn't mean to make you sick." Daisy looks across at me and Zia with a cautionary expression. "Maybe we should talk about something else. Maybe a spinach garden, or those cute little shoestring carrots."

I notice Zia roll her eyes, laughing quietly.

Something tells me that Hannah is going to have to get over that whole vegetarian thing now that she's a werewolf. I can tell, just by looking at the way her scared, submissive eyes dance around on the table, that she's just trying to hold on to anything she can of her humanity. Being a vegetarian all her human life and then suddenly she's made into this flesh-biting beast, it must be traumatic for her. As if being a werewolf alone isn't traumatic enough.

I've said over and over again that when it comes to this stuff, I'm no expert. But it doesn't take an expert to see that someone like her won't make it in this dark world.

I feel sorry for her.

"I'm starting to think I should've gotten the blue top instead of the red one," Daisy says reaching inside one of her shopping bags. She pulls out the sheer red top she bought at one of the little shops earlier and holds it up for us to examine. "I wear too much red. I should try to diversify; what do you think?"

I swallow the last bite of my chicken salad and look at the top for a moment. "But you look good in red," I say. "Goes perfect with your hair color."

"Yeah, I didn't like the blue one anyway, Daisy," Zia adds.

"The red one is gorgeous," Hannah says and I'm a little surprised that she offered her opinion at all. But Daisy has that effect on people; she can make anyone feel comfortable.

"Adria! Daisy!" I hear a familiar voice say from behind.

Before I even turn around, I know that it's Cecilia from the skate park. And judging by the look on Daisy's face, she expected to see her about as much as I did.

"Hi Cecilia," Daisy says, smiling.

Cecilia literally reaches across the table to give Daisy a hug. As Daisy sits back down, I stand up and do the same, stretching over Zia sitting on the outside, to hug Cecilia. Zia just shrinks back into the booth, probably hoping that she isn't next in line.

"This is my dad-Dad, these are my friends from Hallowell."

Her dad, standing tall behind her with a pair of glasses pushed up to the top of his nose, smiles at all of us.

Daisy reaches out a hand for her dad to shake. "A pleasure," she says.

"Nice to meet you girls," her dad says with a customary smile and nod.

"Where are you guys staying?" Cecilia says.

"Near Scarborough," Daisy says, but knows not to offer up any more detail than that.

"Oh, I'm over in Westbrook," Cecilia says sort of disappointedly. I get the feeling that Westbrook must be in the opposite direction, or else her face might've lit up and her plan-making gears would've started moving around in squeaky little circles.

Another moment of awkward silence. I notice Cecilia's dad touch her elbow to sort of urge her along, but all the while smiling back at us.

"Well, I gotta go," Cecilia finally says. "It was good to see you. I'll be back in Hallowell next week-oh, hey Adria, tell your boyfriend not to forget what I said!" She smiles a big, toothy smile.

"Uhhh, sure," I say, feeling a little embarrassed that her dad is standing there, though really he doesn't know what she's talking about, I'm sure. "I'll let him know-good to see you too."

We say our quick goodbyes, feeling like we dodged a bullet.

"Isn't that the obnoxious girl from the skate park?" Zia says.

She and Daisy go into a conversation about Cecilia, but my mind veers off.

A group of people walk past the window every few seconds and the crowds are beginning to thicken as the late afternoon wears on. I also notice that the later it gets, the more people our age start to come out of hiding. I could've sworn I saw that obnoxious guy screaming from the SUV on our way here, but I could never really know for sure. A group of girls pass the deck hand in hand with their boyfriends. They stop just feet from the window and I can barely hear their voices through the glass, two of the girls making food recommendations. One couple points toward the street, while another seems set on where we're eating.

Something catches my eye. Just as the guy who had been pointing lowers his hand, I notice a small, eerily familiar circular-shaped tattoo just between his thumb and index finger.

He looks right at me and my whole body locks up in the booth. I don't blink for the few seconds it takes him to look away and my gaze is starkly fixated on the window. The group slips down the walkway and out of sight, but I have become heedlessly determined to follow him and so I lean up and press my forehead against the glass. Absently, I hear my purse fall out of the seat and onto the floor.

"Ummm, what are you looking at?" Zia says behind me and I can feel her shifting to pick my purse up from underneath the table.

I turn away from the window and try to compose myself, letting the shaken stupor drop from my face.

"Nothing," I say and make a movement toward Zia so she'll let me out of the booth. "I need to use the restroom."

Zia stands up to let me slide out and I grab my purse on the way as she hands it out to me.

"I'll be right back," I say just as Zia sits back down again. I don't even look at Daisy or Hannah before leaving, but I know they're probably looking at me as strangely as Zia is.

I walk at a normal pace initially; just until I can get far enough away from them, but when I make it to the front of the restaurant I take another turn and dash out the door and onto the sidewalk. I run to the end of the building and look in every direction, but at first I don't see the guy or the group he is with anywhere. I look again, desperately, over the heads of people and past moving cars until finally, as one group of people are shuffling out of the way and in-between two buildings, I see the guy out ahead. I follow fast, my steps picking up pace the farther away he gets, but I don't run. I don't want to draw too much attention to myself. I follow him all the way down Commercial Street, past dozens of restaurants and massive parking lots jutting out over the ocean and lined by sailboats until I see the guy cross Commercial and slip out of sight.

This time I run.

I hear my cell phone buzzing around in my purse, but I don't have time to stop and answer it.

By the time I make it across, weaving my way through oncoming traffic and onto another cobblestone side street, he's gone. Mexican music funnels from a nearby restaurant, muffled behind its outside greyish-blue walls and oddly-positioned windows. People come and go less frequent from the buildings that surround me than they did on the busier main street. I stop to rest and catch my breath, leaning against a brick building, pushing my purse against my side as it hangs sloppily over one shoulder. I don't bother to check and see who had called yet because I know it was probably Zia. I've not been gone long, but long enough that I should be done in the restroom by now.

And knowing Zia, she probably went into the restroom shortly after to find me.

I'm kicking myself for losing him, but at the same time, for chasing after him in the first place. But that was no coincidence. Okay, maybe it could've been a coincidence; that this guy and Genna Bishop would have the same tattoo in the same spot, of a symbol that I've never seen before. I guess if Genna were an average girl who everyone else knew, then I might not find the matching tattoo so investigative-worthy.

My chest heaves once, letting out a heavy sigh of defeat and I lean my head back against the cool brick. My phone does a series of light chimes to indicate that there is a new voicemail waiting for me. As I go to reach in my purse, I freeze again, seeing the guy across the street sitting on the steps of an ivy-covered four-story rock building. He's looking at me, this I am sure of. What I'm not so sure about is going any farther than where I stand. But this is stupid, to just stand here and not finish what I ran halfway here to do.

Even though I'm not exactly sure what that is.

He motions his head back once to indicate that I should walk over and talk to him.

I'm afraid to, but I do it anyway. I need answers.

I take a deep breath and brace myself, fastening my purse tighter against my side and I walk slowly alongside the brick building and toward the Mexican restaurant.

16

HE'S JUST SITTING THERE, looking at me from across the street; his arms hanging over his knees, his feet propped two steps down. He's of average height and build, with short brown hair. He's wearing blue jeans and a dark gray t-shirt, but most distinctly he's wearing a knowing look on such a placid, attractive face and I can't help but wonder if I really should just go back to the company of my friends.

I start to wonder too, if I'm the only one who can see him.

But that girl had been holding his hand and between thinking about the relief that gives me and about where she is now, I don't know which holds more urgency.

I stop on the sidewalk and just look across the street at him for a moment, studying him. A blue station wagon drives slowly between us. The door behind me to the Mexican restaurant opens and a customer steps out; the music from inside funnels around me and into the street briefly until the door closes and the man shuffles down the sidewalk with his hands in his pockets.

The guy seems really patient as I stand here, undecided. He continues to just look at me as though he's watching an interesting movie, showing no visible emotion, but too engaged to get up from it at least until a commercial break. But then finally I see the faintest smile play at one corner of his mouth.

"You followed me all the way here," he says. "Is that as far as you're gonna' go? It'd be a disappointment."

I don't respond, but I do take that first hesitant step into the street and after a few more, commit to crossing over. I don't just watch him, but I watch everyone and everything around me, constantly feeling like eyes are at my back. I realize I've been clutching my purse so tightly to my side that my fingernails have started to dig into my palm as my hand grips the leather strap. My heart is beating fast and I've swallowed so much that my mouth is dry.

When I make it across the cobblestone street and step onto the red brick sidewalk covered by messy shadows of sunlight and tree branches, I decide that this is as close as I'll get, putting about ten feet between us.

He smiles a fraction more, letting it show in his eyes, which I instantly recognize as another matching trait of Genna Bishop. His eyes are the color of a brilliant aquamarine stone, so bright and unnatural even for contacts that I feel like I can stare at them forever, that they hold the keys to an unimaginable mystery. He feels dangerous and my conscience is screaming inside.

Finally I say, "What are you?"

His brow rises just slightly and his close-lipped smile lengthens. He folds his hands together loosely with his forearms propped on his bent knees. "To the point, huh?" he says, nodding subtly as if to compliment my directness. "I like you already."

I stand with my free hand relaxed at my side.

"Then match me," I say, challenging him, "and do the same. Tell me what you are and let's skip the games and the fifty questions."

"Well...," he says, letting out a breath and goes into a stand, "as much as I'd like to, I can't tell you what I am."

"Why the hell not?"

"I just can't."

"You can't, or you don't want to?"

He takes a few steps toward me and regardless of that ten foot distance I wanted to keep between us, I don't move. I stand my ground.

He answers with his eyes, rather than repeating himself.

"I can, however, tell you my name and verify that question eating away at your curiosity."

My jaw tightens and I cross my arms over my stomach. "Okay then? Who are you and what's the answer to the question I haven't even asked yet? And how do you know what the question is?"

"Thought you wanted to skip the fifty questions?" He grins and I sneer back at him, but I don't entertain him.

"My name is Malachi (Mal-ah-kai)," he says placing one hand behind his back and holding the other out to me, but I refuse to shake it. A nonchalant shrug moves his shoulders and he withdraws. "No formal introductions. Okay. I can handle that, though you should know that it's incredibly rude."

"I don't care that it's rude," I snap. "Please, I just need some answers and I don't have a lot of time. My friends will come looking for me." This is also my way of warning him that I'm not exactly alone, just in case he's a psycho.

He smiles crookedly, placing the other hand behind him where they both rest horizontally at his back. "And no, I'm not human, to answer the unasked question that I took from your mind."

I don't know which to start with: him not being human, or how he knows what I'm thinking.

I choose quickly. "You can read my mind?" I say it sarcastically.

He nods, smiling the same clever smile I'm already starting to tire of.

"What? Are you a vampire or something?"

Malachi roars with laughter and doesn't have to answer verbally for me to know that my question was completely asinine, if not even somewhat offensive.

The laughter fades and Malachi shuts his eyes, subtly shaking his head side to side; the tip of his tongue gently grazes his lips to wet them.

"Come here," he says and I look at him like he's crazy. "I won't hurt you. I just need to...check something."

There's no way I'm moving closer. I move two steps back instead, my face twisted into a suspicious, refusing scowl. Malachi cocks his head to one side, his features allaying.

"Fine," he says. "Then we have nothing else to talk about."

He starts to walk away and I panic inside.

"No, wait...."

I know he's manipulating me, that by threatening to leave when I still haven't gotten everything from him that I can, that I'll give in.

I have to give in.

Malachi turns on his heels to face me again, a victorious smile burning around his eyes. He brings his hands around to the front and folds them together, resting against his pelvis. And he waits.

"Okay," I say taking a deep breath, "what do you need to check exactly?"

"Just come here." His smile widens. "You might even like it."

All of my thoughts just kind of freeze inside my head and I swallow even more vigorously. I hate myself for letting his carnal words cause any reaction other than disgust. Immediately I think of Isaac and how if he were here, Malachi might already be dead. Or, at least preferring it that way.

Malachi reaches out his hand again, this time for more than a handshake. I glance carefully all around me at the traffic moving down Commercial Street and the people walking by on the other side down Wharf Street. But I never really let my attention fully leave Malachi who now stands close enough that once I do reach out my hand it will be easy for him to take it.

I feel his fingers slip underneath mine and slide into the palm of my hand. Gently, he clamps his thumb down on the top of my hand and pulls me toward him. I glimpse the tiny tattoo between his fingers. I don't want to be any closer and I sure as hell don't want him to be holding my hand, but I feel calm and relaxed and consenting all of a sudden, as if someone else is inside my head making my decisions for me, telling me that it'll be okay and I'm not doing anything wrong.

Malachi's body is inches from mine and I watch nervously how his eyes close heavily and he leans toward my head. My first instinct is to pull away because I don't want this, whatever it is. His closeness feels entirely wrong, and I don't like it. But that calming voice in the back of my mind keeps telling me to ride it out, that it'll all be over soon.

His eyes are still closed and he parts his lips as he moves his face closer to mine. I hear his breath inhale deeply first through his nose and then I hear a tender imbibing sound as if he's taking my scent in through his lips. His breath has no smell, but I can feel the heat from it on my face.

Now my eyes start to shut and I feel my body becoming more and more accepting of his. My mind is intoxicated, but by what, I don't know. Shivers attack my skin all over, rendering me powerless to move. But I don't want to. I feel the weight of my legs turning to mush and the strength of my arms wilting away, causing them to fall helplessly at my sides.

But I come to my senses, snapping my mind back into my reality, my conscience, not the one unmistakably being dictated by Malachi.

I shove him away from me and I nearly fall into the lamppost behind me. I catch it instead, using it to hold me up because my legs are still trying to find control again.

"What did you do?" I lash out at him, my eyes trying to focus. I'm completely bewildered. And angry. And curious. And yes, captivated. But I want to slap the perfect skin off his face.

A clever grin spreads across his lips as he stares at me. He seems to be using this moment to gather his own composure, but clearly the experience didn't make him weak like it did me. I think it had the opposite effect.

There's something different about him and at first I can't put my finger on it. I watch him closely, every move, every breath, every blink of his eyes. Somehow he appears softer, the aquamarine of his eyes, brighter. His jawline is more pronounced, his arms more heavily muscled. If I didn't think it were impossible, I would say he looks...younger. Just a little. I don't know....

He begins to pace in slow, small steps back and forth near me as I brace myself against the black lamppost. I don't want him near me again, but somehow I know I have no choice.

I just hope he's done his worst already.

"What did you do?" I repeat, my voice softer and with less demand.

"It doesn't matter what I did," he says, walking toward me but I'm relieved when he passes me up and goes back to sit on the steps of the rock building. I stay put, treasuring this distance now placed between us again.

He props his wrists on his bent knees.

"You've already been Marked," he says.

I don't ask what that means because he already knows I have no idea what it means. I just stand here by the lamppost, not taking as much note as I should about why it just flickered on, the orange-white light spilling over me in the surrounding darkness.

"Her name is Genevieve," he goes on, looking past me from the step. "But I can't figure out why she would've stopped feeding from you-you have a strong essence. She could keep that beautiful black hair and delicious creamy skin for years just after a few feedings on someone like you." It seems like he's talking to himself, rather than to me.

I can barely form a sentence. I can't think straight and I don't know if it's because of the bizarre things he's saying to me, or because of whatever it was he did to me. Maybe it's both. I don't know. But my head is full of tumultuous little pieces of perplexity.

He looks right at me again. "Of course, you probably have no idea who I'm talking about, so I imagine that nothing I'm saying to you is making any sense."

"I thought you could read my mind?" I say, finding an inlet into this one-sided conversation. "If you could, then you'd know that yes, I know who Genevieve is-or I'm sure I do-but she goes by the name, Genna. Genna Bishop?"

Malachi shrugs. "Yeah, that's her alright," he says and then shifts the subject, "and yes, I can read your mind, but I usually can't see others like me inside anyone's head." He grins. "But I know that right now you're thinking about that werewolf boyfriend of yours, wondering where he is and what my head might look like in his teeth."

I'm only a little ashamed seeing as how he's being decent and offering up answers I wouldn't have otherwise. But he still sort of violated me and because of that, I don't feel so bad for picturing Isaac doing his worst. Hell, he's still violating me by digging around inside my head right now! And there's too many strange things happening for me to be able to be perplexed by the fact that he can even read my mind.

I think my head might explode.

"Can you elaborate a little more?" I say and I move my purse to the other shoulder. "Why would I not know who she is, especially if, as you say, she's 'fed' from me?" I'm satisfied with myself getting two complex questions out of the way in one sentence.

Malachi leans back and rests his back against a concrete step, dangling his arms from the elbows on the same step and lets his legs fall apart.

I hear another car coming off Commercial and it pulls onto the cobblestone street between us and the Mexican restaurant, blinding me with its headlights.

"Just that we usually don't show ourselves to others," he says and I wait for him to elaborate further, but he doesn't.

I use this brief, quiet moment to think about the lacking answer he did give and I picture all the times at school and at The Cove and even at Isaac's house and I was the only one who could see Genna.

I jerk my head up and stare harshly at him. "Tell me one thing, please. Are you real? Is Genna real? Or, is there something wrong with me?"

Malachi laughs and looks at me like maybe I could possibly be right about that second part. "Really? If I wasn't real and something was wrong with you, how would you know anyway? I could tell you, yeah I'm real, but if you're f**king loony toons then how would you know? What difference would my answer make?" He shakes his head, laughing quietly.

I don't respond. I just look at him, my face only getting more irritated by his taunts.

When he realizes that I'm serious he gives in and says, "Yes, I'm very real and so is Genevieve. You're not crazy." He lifts his right hand without moving his arm from the concrete and raises his finger as if to make a small announcement. "But, the fact that you can see me right now; that's what's interesting."

17

I FIND HIS COMMENT as mysterious as he seems to find it and finally I just walk over and stand in front of him. A couple walks by on Wharf Street, the man holding the woman's wobbly, intoxicated body up so that she doesn't fall. She's giggling and grabbing him in all the right places. When they cross the street I say to Malachi, "Why is that interesting?"

"You seem a little dizzy," he says, holding out his hand, "why don't you sit down." When I don't accept his help, he pats the concrete step beside him. "Really, you should sit down."

I don't know how he knew it before I did, but I am slightly dizzy. I touch my fingertips to my forehead and close my eyes for a moment and I see blackness consumed by white spots and strange unidentifiable shapes. My body sways more with my eyes shut so I open them again and carefully take the seat next to Malachi on the step.

"You did this," I say, looking down at the concrete with my hand still touching my forehead, "didn't you?"

"You're still asking fifty questions," he says matter-of-factly.

"Because you're not answering any of them!"

I hear him sigh next to me and then I raise my head and look over. His eyes shine plainly in the darkness, but just around the edges of his pupils in a perfect, fine, circular line.

"Well, the fact that you can see me," he begins, "can mean one of two things." He holds up a finger. "One, you're more deeply rooted in the supernatural world than most humans for..." he waves his hand around suggesting a calculation in his head, "...well there are a lot of reasons that could be, really." He raises two fingers now and his eyebrows arch a little higher as he looks over at me. "Or two, you're sort of in-between life and death, reality and insanity. So which one is it?"

My heart sinks like a stone.

I want answers, yes. I've been wanting them since I started seeing Genna Bishop and found out that I was the only one who could. And I've wanted answers since November, when I've been thinking all along that Viktor bonded me to him. But the answers that are starting to unfold before me right now; they're doing nothing but shaking me to my bitter core. Because I know it's true. I've known all along, but I've done everything in my power to doubt it, to make excuses, to find something else that it could be. And just days ago when I sat on that roof with Harry and told him everything, I let him talk me into making excuses for it then, too.

I can't anymore. I've been bonded to Viktor all this time and I know it in my heart because I can feel it. I feel it when I look at myself in the mirror every morning, when I lay alone, or next to Isaac and my cheek is pressed to his chest and his heart beats evenly through my muscles as he sleeps. I feel it when I look at my family and my friends and this forlorn feeling often overcomes me, as if my heart knows my time with them is limited and it's keeping it from my mind.

I gaze down at the concrete steps, letting the truth kill what's left of me and I swallow back my tears.

"Ah, I see now," Malachi says and I feel his body move closer as he pulls his back off the step and leans over to me. "A Blood Bond. I truly am sorry. I would never wish that upon anyone." He feels sincere, which might shock me a little if I could care in this moment.

I wipe the one tear in each eye that managed to cloud my vision and I barely look over at Malachi. "You know Aramei?" The sorrow in my voice lingers. I don't want to talk about my own Blood Bond, but I know I need to.

"All who are like me know of her at least," he says, "but I've never seen her personally. She's more heavily guarded than your own President, or that gold that's supposed to be in Fort Knox." He chortles lightly, lost in a totally unrelated thought.

"Aramei is famous because of her 'predicament'," he says gazing at the Mexican restaurant across the street, "like Pelicia-Cinnia, Claire Black and Rafe Fien, to name a few."

I don't care to ask about these people, whoever they are, but I understand enough of the picture he's trying to paint.

"Will I be...Will I be like them?" I say this reluctantly because I'm afraid of the answer.

"I can only see the future of my own Charge," he says nodding toward the restaurant as if that's where his 'Charge' is, and then I feel his hand underneath my chin. "You should be asking Genevieve these questions."

I look into his sympathetic eyes and he pulls his hand away now that he has my gaze.

"Why?" I say.

"Because I'm guessing that since she's been around you so much and has obviously Marked you, that you're her Charge."

"What does that mean?" I say. "I don't understand any of this." Without realizing, I don't even let him answer; the anger and self-loathing I've been pushing down into the pit of my stomach has found its way out. I push myself to my feet, letting my purse stay on the concrete step. My hands come up and I press my palms hard against the sides of my head. This is all too much. I left my friends at the restaurant to follow answers and what I found is more than I ever imagined, more than I can handle.

I feel like somewhere between there and here, I made a turn toward the ocean without knowing and flung myself off a pier. I must be dead, standing here talking to this strange being, letting his words open doors I never knew were hidden, flooding my afterlife with the answers to everything. Yet, these answers are only creating more questions and death is supposed to be final.

I swing my body at the waist to see Malachi still sitting on the step, the light from the lamppost leaving only one side of his face in the shadow of the building.

"Please," I beg, my hands out in front of me, "just tell me what you are!" The truth is that I have too many questions and they're all scrambling for the only exit of a burning building, completely choking the way out. I go back to the one thing I know he won't tell me, just to keep myself talking, to keep my mind from collapsing under the weight of all those questions trying to break free.

"I can't tell you because it's forbidden," he says, rising into a stand. "We're unable to speak our own name." The door to the Mexican restaurant opens and a small group of young couples file out, their appearance made evident by the lamppost on the sidewalk. "But that boyfriend of yours can tell you though."

He steps up beside me and watches the people across the street. I watch them too, only because he seems more interested in them than normal. I soon realize who they are. It's the group of people he had been walking with earlier. I see the short blond-haired girl he had held hands with come out last, and for a split second, I hope she doesn't see me talking to him alone like this in the dark. I don't want or need any jealous girlfriend trouble. But then I see Malachi walk out of the restaurant behind her, taking her hand into his. She laughs and reaches up touching his face and nuzzles her head underneath his chin.

I look back and forth between Malachi and...Malachi standing next to me.

"What-How-?"

He smiles at me. "I have to go," he says, "but it was a pleasure meeting you, Adria Dawson. Tell Genevieve I said hi, will you? Oh, and...that I still love her."

I'm too speechless to say anything back to him, my mouth parted halfway. I can't believe he's here and there....

Malachi walks across the cobblestones toward the people shuffling down the sidewalk. I see his form slide into his duplicate form like a spirit taking over the body of its host and no one sees it but me. He looks back at me once, his aquamarine eyes glinting in the darkness, and then the group slips into the shadows and out of sight.

I sit down on the curb, my legs bent upward. I put my head in my hands and close my eyes, letting the sobs rock me until suddenly I hear a familiar voice yelling out my name.

"Adria! Baby, where have you been?" I look up, only now realizing that it's nighttime as if I've been snapped from a dream. Between trying to understand how that's possible and seeing Isaac's agonized face staring across at me as he approaches, I can't do anything but look through him.

In seconds he's crouching in front of me, both of his hands bracing the sides of my head. "Love, are you okay? Adria-baby, look at me." I lift my eyes to see his face is tormented by worry. "Adria...." He crushes his lips against my forehead.

When he pulls away, I look at him and tell the truth for the first time: "No, Isaac, I'm not okay."

Back at the beach house, Isaac agreed to let me think for a little while before I tell him what happened. He almost wouldn't let me sit outside by myself, afraid that something else might happen to me. But I needed this and after Nathan convinced him, Isaac let me go.

I sit outside alone on the tree swing near the house, my favorite beige knit sweater pulled around my body to keep the cooler night air from making me uncomfortable. The wind has calmed since earlier in the day, but I can hear the leaves dancing in the tree above me and the soothing sound of ocean waves gently lapping at the shore out ahead.

Most of the lights in the house are on, letting a faint orange glow spill out of the windows. I hear my friends inside talking, but their voices aren't raised so I can't make out what they're saying. But I know it's probably mostly about me and all of the strange things I've done lately. I wonder if Harry will keep my secrets. I do trust him, but I know that he'll spill my secrets if it means it might save me.

Somehow, I know Isaac isn't contributing to their conversations. It's as if I can feel his concern, his fears. I imagine him sitting quietly off to the side as everyone talks around him. I don't know how I know this, but I do. I don't know how I can see it, but I can.

I look out at the endless ocean covered by darkness. Every now and then I can see a small white-capped wave rise up and blink out again. I think about the ride home and about what everyone said as I sat there, completely still and utterly quiet, lost in my own uncertainties. Apparently, when I left Zia, Daisy and Hannah at the restaurant, I had been gone for over four hours. It never even occurred to me that as I stood talking with Malachi that the night had fallen. Only now as I think back on it do I remember the lampposts coming to life and the car lights blinding me. But just like in the clinic when the nurse drew my blood, time had been completely stripped from my mind.

I know now that it was Genna, there in the room with me at the clinic that day. I know she was there when I saw the wall move. Somehow, Genna made me calm, like she had tried to do at Isaac's when Natasa was giving her speech. And in the library.

But why would she do that?

I know the only way I'm going to understand any of this is when I tell Isaac about her in just a few more minutes.

And I'm terrified. I'm terrified because now more than ever, I know that my Blood Bond and Genna Bishop are somehow linked, even despite seeing her before I ever met Viktor.

Isaac will know now. He will know everything. He'll know that I'm a liar and that I'm not fully his because the blood of his enemy keeps me alive.

The tears pour from my eyes and I don't try to stop them this time. I just let them flow, my body shuddering in a surrendering mess. I cry quietly in the night under the tree, my legs pulled up onto the swing seat, pressing against my chest with my arms wrapped around my knees. My bare feet are cold, but I didn't care to put on shoes before I came out here and I don't care to put any on now.

I hear Isaac's footsteps shuffling through the grass and sand behind me.

"I'm sorry," he says, "but that's as long as I can leave you out here by yourself." The swing shifts as he sits down beside me, pulling me into his lap. His closeness only makes me want to cry harder, but I don't. He wraps his arms around me and kisses the edge of my chin. The sweetness of his breath lulls me. "I'll wait for as long as you need before we talk about it, but I need to be here with you."

I reach up, my fingers halfway hidden in the sleeve of my sweater and I wipe my face. Nathan and everyone else come out of the house from the side door and walk toward the beach carrying blankets and other various items I can't see.

I pause, looking only at Isaac now, letting my gaze fall to see the outline of his beautiful face, his perfect lips and then once again the endless depths of his eyes.

"Why do you love me?" I say, my voice soft, almost a whisper.

I try to make myself believe I'm only testing the waters right now, feeling out his answers before I tell him the one thing I don't want to, but really I think I'm just looking for reasons to put it off.

Isaac draws back a little, mildly surprised by my question. But his eyes grow softer and I can sense how easy this is for him, instead of it catching him off-guard and leaving him scrambling to find the perfectly-worded answer.

He kisses me on the nose and says, "This could take a while."

A tiny smile warms my face, pushing through the tears and the pain.

I feel his arms squeeze me.

"I love you because you're extraordinary. You have all of the things I respect about a person wrapped up in one package, while every other girl I've ever met only had a few of those things. I love you because you're selfless, incredibly strong and because you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

An unexpected sob rattles my body and more hot tears stream down my cheeks, but I'm smiling behind these tears.

Isaac lets me cry for a moment longer, smiling back at me before reaching up and wiping the tears away with his fingertips.

"I believe there's someone out there for everyone," he says, "and when you meet that person, sometimes you know right away they are who you were meant to be with. And sometimes, years can go by before you let yourself believe that the feeling you've had about a person for so long, is actually love. And what a waste that is." He stops and smiles more warmly, his eyes searching my face. "I love you because I knew the first night I spoke to you, when I pleaded for you to get in the Jeep, that you were the one meant for me and I'm glad I was lucky enough that it didn't take me years to figure it out."

This time he kisses my lips. I shut my eyes, feeling his lips linger on mine for a long moment.

Right here, in this moment with Isaac, I truly feel like I would die without him in my life. My heart would die. My soul would die. I would be an empty shell devoid of anything solid. Any other time with any other person, something like that would seem absurd to me, but not with Isaac. And I try not to let Beverlee's words of warning ruin this moment, but they wake up inside my head and reach down into my stomach, crushing it into a mass. 'What worries me the most is falling so fast and hard for someone only to get your heart broken later. That kind of love is the most dangerous.'

Beverlee was right.

But so was I. To love Isaac so deeply really does mean that it will hurt a thousand times more when he disappoints or leaves me. I'm not ready to face that. I never will be. But the longer that I wait the more painful it's going to be in the end.

I move out of Isaac's arms and stand up from the swing, pulling my sweater closed around me. I notice a fire near the water, flames rising high into the air.

With my back to Isaac, I begin: "Downtown, there was this guy...well he wasn't human. He said he couldn't tell me what he is because it's forbidden. I followed him to the street where you found me because I noticed a tattoo on his hand that was identical to the one I saw on Genna Bishop's hand." I look out at the ocean and work the words out in my mind some more. "But he was mostly interested in me because apparently I could see him and I wasn't supposed to." I turn at the waist to see Isaac still sitting on the swing behind me. His face is blank, devoid of emotion, but I can already see that he's holding back a thousand emotions the best he can. It's as if he already knows what has happened and that he already knows what Malachi is. If this is true, then Isaac likely also knows why I could see Malachi...because I'm somewhere between life and death, sanity and insanity. Because of the Blood Bond.

My heart falls into the pit of my stomach, but I also hold back a thousand emotions and try to finish my story with tears in my throat. All of my words, my explanations, are coming out in a disorderly sequence, but it's the best I can do.

"Malachi-that's his name-he said that her real name is Genevieve. She's been following me since I started school in Maine, but I'm the only one who can see her. Malachi...he...," I hesitate at this part, ashamed of whatever it was that Malachi did that made me so weak, "...well he did something to me." The first of Isaac's emotions finally spreads over his features; his eyebrows have turned inward, his expression tormented by pure anger. "I-I don't know what he did exactly, but when he stopped, he told me that I've been Marked."

Isaac shoots up from the swing, leaving it to jump and jerk around madly for a few seconds before it slows to a mild sway back and forth. His hands are balled into fists at his sides and his eyes shift black and for a second I'm not sure if the anger is directed at Malachi, or me.

I take a step back, but before my heel even touches the sand, Isaac realizes that he's scaring me and rushes over, enveloping me in his arms; an instant reaction to right an unintended wrong. And he just holds me, the power of his arms like a wall of protection, keeping me away from the outside world and all of its cruel realities. I feel his lips pressing hard into my hair and the rapid beating of his heart against my body.

He lets out a long, deep breath. "This explains everything," he says, and my whole body tenses up with apprehension. I think my heart has stopped beating altogether.

He holds me for a while longer and while there's nothing I want more than to just stand like this forever, I can't stop myself from wondering what's going on in his mind. Does he already know about Viktor? Because if so, this wasn't the reaction I was expecting. Once again, Isaac is completely unreadable, but this time not for reasons intent on making me crazy.

Isaac pulls his body from mine, his hands holding both of my arms and he looks down at me with natural blue eyes again. "You're going to be okay, baby," he says and I don't know whether to feel relief, or confusion. "I won't let anything hurt you. Do you understand me?"

I just nod because I'm still unsure of everything. Isaac takes my hand. "Come on," he says pulling me along, "My brother can explain this better than I can."

Without another word, I go with him toward the moonlit beach.

18

THE BONFIRE SEEMS TO rise higher in the blackness as we get closer, the flames reaching into the night sky, appearing to lick the stars. Ocean waves steadily lap the beach like a hundred gentle fingers reaching for land only to retract and slither back out into the deep abyss. A tiny white light, just barely larger than a pinhole, moves along the dark horizon far off in the distance. I stare at it until it completely blinks out, lost in a haze of my own thoughts, my own bitter memories.

As all of my friends look up at me and Isaac as we join them, I wonder if I'll lose any of them for keeping the secret that I have kept. About Viktor being alive.

I feel the cool sand shift underneath my feet as my body pulls back in unison with Isaac's to adjust the distance between us and the flames.

Harry's face is filled with remorse, more-so than anyone else's because he already knows about Viktor. And about me.

I'm still not sure if Isaac does....

"It's a Praverian, Nathan," Isaac announces, ripping the word out indignantly. "Adria has been Marked."

Everyone shares the same expression of shock, but it's the worry in Nathan's face that frightens me the most.

For now, Nathan doesn't say anything.

Daisy gets up from the sand next to Harry and stands in front of me with an unnatural look of unease. "That's why you've been fainting." She brushes the back of her fingers down my cheek. "Oh, honey, no wonder you've not been yourself lately." She pulls me into a hug, but I'm still unsure about what direction this is turning, so as I hug her back I can't give her the same amount of affection.

She pulls away and smiles weakly at me, which makes me feel like I'm on my deathbed and she's just trying to be strong.

"A what?" Harry says from his spot on the sand. Hannah, sitting on the other side of him next to Nathan also looks up at us with the same curiosity.

Zia is surprisingly quiet, but she's paying as much attention as everyone else.

Finally, Nathan speaks up:

"They're damn dangerous, that's what they are. Our Elders call them The Keepers, others call them The Guardians-long history, so naturally they come with a long list of titles, too." I see Nathan's eyes pass over me as if afraid to look at me. He looks at Isaac instead. "Little brother, you know what this means."

A chill moves up my spine.

Nathan and Isaac stare at each other for an intense moment, the fire glowing orange on one side of Nathan's face.

I look away from them and down at the sand and instead of Isaac loosening his grip, I feel it get tighter around my stomach. Maybe Harry was right, maybe he will be like his father and protect and take care of me like Trajan does Aramei, after all.

Regardless, I still don't want to be like Aramei. No matter what, I can't live like that.

I'll die first.

"So, this...whatever you called it, is after Adria why exactly?" Zia says. She tosses a small branch into the fire and little sparks flutter up entangled in the wind. Sebastian is lying on a blanket in the sand beside her, his head propped up by one hand.

I feel Isaac behind me guiding me to sit with him and I do, but he doesn't let me sit anywhere but between his legs.

"A Praverian's job, per se," Nathan begins, "is to protect his or her Charge. But they usually don't feed from their Charges and if Adria's been Marked, that means she's likely not a Charge, but food instead."

"Food?" says Harry with huge eyes. Daisy sits back down with him. "What do you mean food?"

Nathan answers, "Well, even though they're immortal-ancient-a Praverian ages really fast. I'm talkin' within-months-fast." He sits back down by Hannah and bends his legs upward, propping his wrists on top of them.

Daisy adds, "They drink the essence of humans to stay young." She gestures both hands, looking at all of us. "A lot of humans committed to mental intuitions, people with schizophrenia, even dementia and Alzheimer's-a lot of them are victims of a Praverian feeding." She adds, shaking her blond head solemnly, "It's really quite sad what they do to people." Then she glances at me again, giving me that doleful expression, which seems to do more damage than anything Nathan is saying.

Nathan looks back at me now. "Usually, they choose humans to feed from who are already weak in some way, because weakness makes them more vulnerable to a feeding: disease, mental illness, old age-you name it."

"So, Adria's food?" Harry says, still mortified. "That sounds all kinds of messed up."

"She's better off food than a Charge," Daisy says.

"Yeah, to be a Charge is worse," Nathan adds, "because just being their source of youth doesn't necessarily mean Adria's doomed-this can be fixed." He points outward as if to underline a fact. "Now, if she were a Charge, there's no compromising on that one. To be a Charge means that person is fated to fulfill some destiny, which from what I understand, always ends in an early death. Praverians help guide them through it, see to it that they fulfill that destiny."

The more that Nathan explains, the more I'm starting to believe that they still don't know about Viktor and my Blood Bond. This revelation is crushing because that means if Isaac doesn't know, then he's not holding me like he is right now because he accepts it.

I push myself away from Isaac and stand up, my feet sink partially into the cold sand. I feel everyone watching me, but I can't look at any of them. I can't look because I'm ashamed. Instead of owning up to the truth and telling them that Viktor is still alive and that I'm bonded to him and that it's my weakness, I find myself taking advantage of this unexpected turn of events, saving me from having to reveal the truth. I know I shouldn't do it, but I do.

"So then what does this mean for me exactly?" I say, trying to further it along because the point needs to be made. I need to hear the bottom line before this nervous feeling in my stomach makes me sick. "How do I avoid being Genna's food?"

Isaac stays in his spot on the sand, but I can tell when my guilty gaze passes him that he wants nothing more than to be standing here with me. His overprotective obsession has become amplified and I admit, justified.

I cross my arms tightly at my chest, the chill in the air cooling my back and the crackling bonfire flames warming my front. I stare at Nathan for the answer.

But Nathan looks at Isaac first and they seem to share something that only the two of them know.

"It means we need to keep you away from her," Nathan says looking right at me. "Which'll be hard because Praverians can make you believe anything they want, make you see things that aren't there, and doll, that's just a few of the things they can do."

That definitely explains a lot.

"Then how do we keep Adria safe?" Isaac says, as if that's all he cares about.

Nathan looks inquisitive for a moment and turns to me again. "Wait-did you say her name was Genna?"

"Yes."

"Damn," he says, looking deeply into the fire. "I think she's been feeding on Mrs. Finch, too."

Isaac and I exchange glances. And then Harry and I do before turning our attention back on Nathan.

"I knew there was something jacked-up about that girl," Nathan says, still seeming off in his own little world.

I notice Hannah's attention turn a little darker, maybe out of jealousy.

Nathan looks at all of us again. "A black-haired girl came into Finch's Grocery not long ago, introduced herself as Genna," he looks over at Hannah with an easing look of assurance. "They let themselves be seen when they're looking for some kind of companionship because they spend most of their time in hiding and like us, they get lonely too-anyway, she came in a few times before the store closed and I just thought she was some chick hitting on me." He squeezes Hannah around her tiny shoulder. "So, I sort of ended up blowing her off. The next night, Mrs. Finch's health really went to shit. She even had to be hospitalized and they thought she might finally kick the bucket."

"But what makes you think that Genna had anything to do with that?" I say. "Mrs. Finch has been dying for a while."

"Yeah, but when a Praverian is around, especially when they're feeding, you get that weird feeling like someone's watching you constantly and the atmosphere around the store those couple of days had me creeped out. I was kind of paranoid and I don't get paranoid."

This makes sense since Mrs. Finch's house is actually the back portion of Finch's Grocery. I don't say anything, but this also explains why Genna mentioned she was a friend of Nathan's and that she had met him at the grocery store.

But Mrs. Finch is too off-topic for me and Isaac is getting more and more anxious by the second. Finally, he stands up and pulls me against him. As guilty as I feel being here, in his arms, I can't bring myself to walk away because it's the only place I want to be. With him is the only place where I feel safe.

"What does it mean that Adria's been Marked, anyway?" Hannah says in her soft voice, and like usual it's surprising whenever she says anything at all.

Isaac is the one who answers: "It means that Adria has been claimed by one Praverian and normally another Praverian won't feed from her." He hesitates and then adds, "But it's obvious this Malachi fed from her tonight or she wouldn't have lost four and a half hours of her memory and been so disoriented when we found her." I can feel the angry heat coming off him, the way his body tensed up when he said Malachi's name.

"Now answer my question, Nathan," Isaac says in a deeper, sterner voice, "How-do-we-keep-her-safe?"

"Leave that to me," Nathan says. "I'm going to try talking to her. Despite being dangerous, they're not all that bad; at least not all of them anyway. From what I know, they get so lonely they're not unwilling to compromise for friendship-I just hope she allows me to see her again."

Hannah's face falls. She may be quiet and sweet and seemingly innocent, but that girl has a definite jealous streak in her that I don't doubt is as dangerous as the beast in her.

"Adria's anemia and panic attacks...," Harry says and I jerk my head around to look at him, wondering where he's going with this. I stare pleadingly at him and he knows what my desperate expression reads. He knows that I'm begging him to keep my secret about the Blood Bond, about this being the sole reason why Genna has been feeding on me, because the Blood Bond is taking my mind, in turn, making me weak and vulnerable to her.

Harry's eyes don't leave mine for a long time and when he starts to speak again, he's still looking right at me and only me. "Is her anemia enough to be considered a weakness?" he says and I quietly let out the breath I had been holding in.

Very slowly Harry turns his eyes away from mine and he looks to Nathan for the answer.

"Yeah...," Nathan says, but even he seems unsure, and once again I catch him and Isaac glancing at one another as if they're both hiding something behind wary, cautious faces. In fact, they're looking at each other the same way Harry and I were looking at each other just seconds ago. "Yes, I'm pretty sure that's the reason," Nathan finishes.

I hate his lacking answer because all it does is worry me further. Does Isaac know about the Blood Bond, after all, and is afraid to tell me about it? Are we both playing the same game here?

I turn around to see Isaac. He looks at me with so much devotion, though tortured by worry. Maybe that's it. It must be why he's looking at me the way he is, as if his heart has been broken into a million pieces, not because of the Blood Bond, but because he knows that in time he'll lose me to it.

I push myself up to kiss him softly, feeling the sand sink between my toes and then I say to him, "Isaac, I'm really tired."

"Oh, come on chicka!" Zia says from the blanket. "Stay and hang out with us. We should celebrate! Not every day you find out more than one freak has some sort of obsession with you." She sticks her tongue out at Isaac, but he doesn't give in to her playful nature this time. Zia has always been more outspoken than any of us, but her comment just seemed off.

"Sorry, girl," Zia says frowning, realizing that her words were out of place this time. "I'm just tryin' to lighten the mood."

I smile across at her forgivingly.

"Go on and take Adria inside," Nathan says. "She'll be alright around here with all of us, and trust me if I feel even a little bit paranoid I'll yank you both out of the bed."

He adds, grinning widely, "No matter what you're doing."

Daisy and Hannah giggle simultaneously.

I know I'm cutting an important conversation a little short, but I can't help it. I don't want to talk about it anymore. And it's true, about being tired. I haven't felt well at all since Malachi. But I don't really want to go to bed to sleep. I want to be alone with Isaac, and now more than ever, I want to let him have me. I want him before it's too late, before I'm too far gone to understand love anymore. I can't let the repercussions of this curse force me into death without experiencing the most intimate part of love with Isaac, first.

I don't care about this Praverian crap, or that it should have me bewildered beyond imagination. I don't care that I should stay longer and find out everything that I can about them. Because none of that matters. I don't have much time and I'm going to spend every bit of what time I have left with Isaac.

"We'll talk about this more tomorrow," Isaac says to Nathan and Nathan nods back at him.

The only one I look back at is Harry as Isaac and I walk away from the beach, Isaac's arm wrapped around my waist.

"It was between Dr Pepper, milk and flavored water," Isaac says coming into the walkout basement where I sit curled up in the corner of the couch. "I knew you'd want the water." He places the plastic bottle in my outstretched hand.

"Thanks." Without leaning my head up the rest of the way, I untwist the loose cap and take a small sip.

"I'm going to figure this out," he says, looking down at me, but I don't raise my eyes to see him.

The air is rife with silence.

He moves closer and crouches in front of me, combing my hair away from my forehead. "I guess I didn't want to tell you just yet that there are things out there worse than us. I'm sorry."

"For what, Isaac?" I say, turning only my eyes to see him. "Sorry for sparing me?" I look away again and my voice becomes softer. "No, you did the right thing. I wasn't ready for anything else yet. I'm still trying to find my place in your world, y'know?"

Isaac sits on the floor directly below me. This way I can't look away from him unless I move my whole body on the couch. "Your place in my world is with me," he says, reaching up to touch my bottom lip with the pad of his thumb. "You believe that, don't you?"

"Of course," I say and it's true, I do believe it, but I can't stop thinking about how long it will last, how long I have left.

I stare off toward the large sliding glass door that opens up onto the beach, watching the lights from the fishing boats move around in the darkness. I can still hear the ocean with the door closed and I try to let the peaceful sound of waves calm my mind.

Isaac pushes himself up and kisses me on the temple.

I didn't come inside with him expecting this to happen, that I'd start feeling strange again, but I don't want to tell Isaac about it. Honest to God, I just want to scream at the top of my lungs about how sick I am of being sick. I can't take it anymore; fine one minute, fainting the next. Great one day, the next day sick as a dog. I snuck into my bag minutes ago and took one extra pill beyond the normal dosage of my anxiety medication, but I don't think it's working. Nothing on the market was really made to help with this sort of thing.

This has got to stop.

I feel Isaac's arm close around my bent legs, pulling me to lie against him instead of the couch arm. I nuzzle my head under his arm and let my legs fall over his lap. I hear the blood pumping through his veins with my ear pressed against him. I shut my eyes and let the calming sound of it soothe me. Blood. Why didn't I think of this before? Oh, probably because sitting around thinking about drinking someone's blood isn't necessarily the normal thing to do. But maybe that's it. It's been seven months since Viktor bonded me to him and I know I'm going to need to drink male werewolf blood sometime. Maybe that's what this is all about. If I had blood, maybe it would make me better, make all of this craziness stop and let me live a normal, faint-free, sick-free, hallucination-free life for a little while longer. Maybe it would make me strong enough to keep Genna off my back. And Aramei-she lived a normal life for fifty years before the Blood Bond started taking her mind. This has to be the answer!

But how would I pull something like that off?

Upon realizing this little kink in my revelation, the enthusiasm drains from my pores. And when I think more about Isaac possibly already knowing about the Blood Bond, I'm confused because if he does know, wouldn't he want to let me drink from him as Aramei drinks from Trajan? Why hasn't he offered his blood to me?

I can't take this uncertainty anymore!

And I feel incredibly hot. My skin is burning....

I lift away from Isaac and toss the thin cotton blanket I had been using to cover my feet onto the floor.

"Baby, you're burning up." Isaac cups my forehead in his palm and then touches it to the inner side of his wrist.

I feel sweat prickling in my hairline.

I breathe in deeply and get up from the couch, moving back toward my bag. I sit on the floor and dig through my not-so-folded clothes inside until I find the shorts I usually sleep in. I've never stripped completely nak*d in front of Isaac before and I'm still a little shy around him when it comes to changing my clothes, so I do like I normally do and turn my back to him. I practically rip off my jeans and slip the comfortable cotton shorts on over my panties and feel some instant relief from the odd heat wave attacking my body. But it's not enough and the little beads of sweat on my chest are causing my bra to feel itchy against my skin. I reach behind my back, unfasten the bra and pull it off through one sleeve of my top, tossing it on top of my bag with my jeans.

Isaac has been watching me the whole time from the couch, holding my bottle of strawberry-flavored water in his hand as he sits leaning forward with his forearms propped on his thighs. His eyes are soft with concern; the black of his messy hair pushed back away from his face as if he had just run his fingers through it. He hasn't shaved in a few days and the facial hair sprouting up all around his chin and his jawline is so sexy to me that I'm starting to wish he wouldn't shave at all.

"Do you want to take a bath?" he says. "I'll go run some water for you now."

"No," I say looking toward the sliding glass door. I think about the cool nighttime air and quietly yearn for it. I got drunk once, last year when I went to a party with Alex. I didn't want to drink-living with an alcoholic had the opposite effect on me than what alcohol did to some of my friends, but I tried it anyway. And I regretted it. All night all I wanted to do was puke my guts out and lay out in the cold air. It was the middle of winter and I remember my body being so hot that the only place I felt comfortable was outside on the porch in a pair of shorts and a tank top. It was thirty-five degrees.

What I wouldn't give for something as simple as being drunk, as opposed to the reason I so desperately want to feel the coolness of the air.

I walk to the glass door and slide it open. A cold fifty-degree wind rushes inside and I can feel tiny droplets of moisture in the air. I close my eyes and let the coolness wash over me, raising chill bumps from the back of my neck down to the backs of my bare legs.

Isaac's warm body comes up behind me and despite my temperature being hot enough, I still want him close. I turn around and press my body into his and crush my lips against his in a way that I've only done one time before. In March, when I wanted him in every way possible. When I tempted fate and he almost killed me. I taste him heavily in my mouth and just kiss him deeper, letting his tongue dance with mine, feeling every inch of my skin tremble with little waves of anticipation. The kiss breaks as we come up for air, but I can still feel his lips so close and I can still taste him. "What are you doing?" he says in a whisper and then he brushes his lips across mine.

He kisses my eyelids and I feel them shut for a brief moment longer.

Carefully, I pull away from him, letting his fingers trail across the skin of my arms. I stare into his eyes, watching how he watches me as if we're the only two people left in the world. "I'm jumping off the cliff," I whisper back our perfect metaphor and then smile faintly and run outside into the cool night air. The sand crushes underneath my feet as I run closer to the shore. Isaac is close behind me. I feel the little droplets of ocean spray tickling my face as the light wind scoops it off the surface of the water and carries it. We make it far enough away from the house that the lights from inside seem small and dim and the bonfire blazing not far from it appears as nothing more than a candle flame.

I stop running and as he comes up fast behind me, I catch him by the front of his shirt and take him into another kiss. I push him into the sand and fall down with him and the kiss never breaks. He breathes harder against me, forcing his mouth more vigorously against mine as I straddle him, my body arched over his as he lies in the cold, dry sand.

I lift away, holding my body up with my hands pressed near his shoulders. "Do you want me?" I whisper.

He raises his back from the sand to sit upright, wrapping his arms around me to hold me in his lap. He nods once slowly. I watch how his face searches mine, seeking some kind of assurance, maybe even for the faintest ounce of uncertainty in my plan. Because he won't sleep with me if he thinks I'm only giving in for his benefit.

"You can't find it, can you?" I say and graze my mouth across his chin.

He moves his hands from my waist and explores my face with his fingertips, kissing each spot where his fingers have touched. My jawline. My cheeks. The little hollow spot above my upper lip. The hidden one below the bottom lip.

He looks deeply into my eyes. "No...I can't find it," he whispers and his arms wrap around my back, pressing me fully into the heat of his chest. I see the stars flip up in my vision as Isaac turns me over and lies on top of me in the sand. I let my legs fall away, giving him access between them. Still fully clothed he presses himself against me and when I feel just how much he wants me, my thighs tremble, the inside of my chest pained with tiny quivers all the way down into my stomach and my hips.

He moans against my mouth. The more forcibly I kiss him back and press myself hungrily into him, the deeper and more abrasive the moans reverberate through his body.

But just when I let myself believe that I'm seconds away from the fate of my virginity, Isaac buries his face between my neck and shoulder and I feel the weight of his body ease from mine in a way that can only indicate refusal.

"Adria," he says from above, my cheeks resting in his palms, "I'm not going to do this to you. I can't."

My tears quickly burn their way to the surface, but I choke them down. I know deep down that his refusal isn't because he doesn't want me as much as I want him, but it still hurts as much as rejection and I'm too humiliated and confused and angry to look at him.

"I love you...so much...but I can't do this...." It took everything in him to say it. The pain in his eyes is unmistakable, but this time I can't stay to try and make it better. I push myself out from underneath him and storm away back toward the house, leaving Isaac alone on the beach.

19

I WAKE UP THE NEXT morning entangled underneath the sheets with him; the sliding glass door Isaac must've left open all night for me because I can smell the salty ocean heavily on the air and hear the waves licking the shore and the call of early morning seagulls making their rounds. I feel the breeze, too, brushing gently through my hair, cooling my face.

Prying my eyes open the rest of the way, I squint as the sunlight floods the basement, spilling out over everything except for the couch bed where we're curled up together. Isaac, feeling my movements, tightens his arm around my stomach as I lay with my back against him. Normally, the first thing I do when we wake up like this is roll over to face him, kiss him and force him awake the rest of the way by tickling him and poking him.

But not this time.

I don't roll over to see him sleeping, or wonder if he's already awake, only pretending to be sleeping so he can hold onto various body parts and not get blamed for it. I love his harmless little quirks. But I guess I'm not the only one of us that knows this morning is different from the rest and so he doesn't do any of that. And while I miss it, I don't want him to do it.

We spend the rest of our time in Portland together, always together, but there's an obvious distance between us. And everyone else sees it, too.

I love Isaac with everything in me, but I don't know what else I can do to show him at this point. And I think the feeling of being rejected by him, for whatever reason, has hurt worse than I ever imagined it would. It hurts because I was more ready than ever, because my heart was fully in it. But mostly because I have come to terms with what has happened to me and that it won't be much longer before I can't give myself to him at all. Because I won't know who I am. I won't know a damn thing about anything!

I was ready. And he took that away from me.

I can't be mad at him, just disappointed and embarrassed.

Zia is constantly over my shoulder, trying to pry the tiniest bit of information out of me, but I'm not talking about any of this to anyone. Not even Harry, who has pulled me off to the side once already, asking what happened.

On the ride back to Hallowell, Daisy sits behind me, playing with my hair and whispering things in my ear about how much her brother loves me and that no matter what happened, she can tell just by looking at him that he's hurting pretty bad.

But I can't tell her anything, either.

We pull up into my driveway and Aunt Bev is sitting out on the porch with Uncle Carl in his wheelchair, two glasses of iced tea between them on the little round table.

I try to smile as if everything is as great as it was when I left and I guess I'm pulling it off because Beverlee doesn't seem to detect anything different. I hug her and Uncle Carl before heading upstairs with Isaac carrying my bags for me.

He closes my bedroom door after setting the bags on the floor.

"What's on your mind, love?" he says.

I get the duffle bag next to him and toss it on the bed, pulling everything out of it just to be doing something. I still can barely look him directly in the eyes. I just feel so stupid.

"Nothing really," I say, tossing my dirty clothes from the bag into the laundry basket by the closet.

"You must hate me," he says and I stop what I'm doing and look over at him.

"I could never hate you." My chest shudders lightly. "It's not your fault anyway. It's mine."

I'm not sure what I'm saying, because I honestly don't know which of us is at fault. All I do know right now is that I don't want him feeling wounded for something that he shouldn't.

I'm the one lying to him. I'm the one keeping so many secrets and I'm the one he falsely believes wholeheartedly is his and his alone. I don't believe anymore that he knows about the Blood Bond. If he knew, he would be taking care of me in the ways I need to be taken care of.

I know he would. I don't doubt this anymore.

I should've just told the truth when I had planned to, but now I'm back to being afraid and ashamed of the truth. Afraid to tell him that Viktor is alive, of breaking his heart not once, when he realizes how unloving his father is, but twice, when he learns what Viktor did to me.

Yes, I should've told him when I had the courage.

So, I guess all of this really is on me. It is my fault and I can't let Isaac stand there for a second longer feeling that any part of it is his. I can't be mad at him because he didn't want to have sex with me. I know he's worried because I've not been in my right mind lately that he would feel like he's taking advantage of me-I'm the one being selfish! I could have an a**hole boyfriend that didn't care about something like that. But that's not Isaac. He would never hurt me like that.

I go over to him and hug him, letting my head fall against his body. He squeezes me so tight. "I could never hate you," I say again, but with more urgency. "You're everything to me and I'll love you until I...," I swallow, still holding back the tears, "...until I can't anymore." They weren't the words I wanted to say.

"We'll get through this," he says pulling me away from his chest to look at me, his hands braced against the sides of my neck, his fingers spread to touch my face. "Nathan's going to be at the store tonight and hopefully he'll see Genna there." He smiles briefly, but then it fades and becomes something dark. "And if he can't fix this the easy way then I'll do it the hard way."

I don't like the sound of that and instantly my guard goes up. "What is the hard way, Isaac?" But already I know what he's going to say.

"I'll kill her if I have to. You know I will."

My breath catches and I feel my body tense up. I shake my head disapprovingly. "But Nathan said-"

"I don't care what Nathan said." His bright blue eyes seem to churn with resolve. "I will do whatever I have to in order to protect you. I don't care from who, or what."

A single tear escapes down my cheek and Isaac kisses it away. "You have to know that." He crushes me against him, enveloped in his arms and I can't help but feel like those last words held so much more meaning than what I know. The intensity in his voice was so resolute, so pleading.

"Tell me that you believe it," he says, still holding me close.

"I do believe you," I say. "I do."

Beverlee's voice travels up the stairs. Isaac and I let go of each other as she knocks once first before opening the door to let us know she doesn't want to catch us in an awkward moment.

"How was your trip?" she says.

Isaac buries his hands in his pockets.

"We had a lot of fun," I say. "Went to that lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth and hung out Downtown a lot. It was great."

Regardless of Isaac and me not getting caught in an awkward moment, things still feel awkward. It's difficult to push down the conversation Isaac and I just had so quickly, and replace our anguished faces with fake smiles for Beverlee's sake.

"Well, I don't mean to interrupt," Beverlee says, still standing in the doorway, "but I wanted to see if you'd go with me to Rita's house in a bit and help us set up for her scrapbooking party." I wince, but I don't think she notices. "I know it's short notice," she goes on, "but she kind of called me last-minute. If you don't want to go, it's-"

"No, I'll...I'll go with you and help out," I say smiling across the room at her. I can tell by the way Isaac's gaze strays toward the floor that he is not happy about this.

"Thank you, Adria," Beverlee says, beaming. "I'll let you unpack. We'll leave in about an hour. Oh, and you don't have to stay for the party-I won't torture you that much. I'll give you a ride home after we set up, okay?"

I nod, smiling appreciatively, because she's right; making me sit through a scrapbooking party would seriously be torture.

Beverlee shuts the door after she slips out.

"You can't be by yourself," Isaac says as the false relaxed demeanor sheds off his body as soon as Beverlee is gone. "I'll go with you."

I laugh. "No, you won't go with me. It's kind of like being forced to watch a chick-flick marathon-you'd be all buckets-of-crazy." I kiss him on the cheek. "You can't be with me everywhere. I'll be fine. If I see Genna-"

"And what if you don't actually see her?" he says. "And now that she knows she can't hide from you as easily, she'll use other means: hallucinations, anything...."

"I'll handle it," I say, though I don't really believe it. "Nathan was onto something about that companionship stuff-Genna does seem kind of nice as weird as that may be."

"I don't like it."

I smile warmly at his protectiveness. "I won't be gone long. And I promise if I start to feel anything, I'll call you right away. I promise."

Isaac gives in. He knows he has to, as much as he is against it. If he had his way, he'd be with me every second of the day just so he could watch over me.

I made it through scrapbooking duty unscathed, and Beverlee had me home before dark. But between just getting back from Portland and going with Beverlee pretty much straight after I got home, I was passed out in my bed before ten o'clock.

The softness of Isaac's words whispering in my ear gradually brings me back to life.

"Wake up, baby."

I roll over to face him, curling myself into the fetal position and clutch the thin blanket tighter around my shoulders. It takes me a minute to realize that Isaac's really in my room and that I'm actually half-asleep. I moan a little into his body, not wanting to wake up.

"I need you to go with me," he says softly, tracing my eyebrow with his fingertip.

My eyes creep open, expecting to see sunlight shining through the window, but I quickly grasp that it's still pitch dark outside. I let them open the rest of the way and it takes a moment to adjust. I glance over at the clock on the nightstand to see that it's almost one o'clock in the morning.

"Go where?" I say, still trying to get my voice to wake up too.

His finger traces along my jawline and then he gently takes my chin between his thumb and index finger, leaning down to kiss my lips. "They've moved Aramei," he says after pulling away.

I rise from the bed, propping myself up by my elbow. "What? They moved her? Why?" I say, rubbing the haze from my eyes and pushing my body to sit up the rest of the way. The moonlight flooding the room from the curtain-less window makes Isaac's outline look so dark next to me, but I can clearly see his face and the curvature of his cheekbones.

"My father moves her around from time-to-time," he says, still in a low voice since we're the only ones awake in the house. But since Beverlee and Uncle Carl are downstairs now, I don't worry about them hearing us.

"Can't Nathan or Zia stay with her this time?" I look at him irritably, not because he's asking me to get up and go with him, but because I'm getting tired of it always being him stuck with the job.

"Damn, Isaac," I go on, "why can't Trajan take care of his own responsibilities?" I toss the blanket off my legs and reach up to rub my eyes some more.

I hear him sigh next to me.

"I know," he says, dispirited, "but my father has a lot of responsibilities being what he is."

"But why you?" I snap. "It's always you and I'm sick of it."

I stand up from the bed and he follows. "You know I'll go with you, but don't tell me you're sneaking into my bedroom at one in the morning to get me to go because you're worried about Genna."

"I can't tell you that."

I let out a frustrated breath.

"I'm sorry," he says, hooking his hands around my arms, "but until I know she's going to leave you alone and move on to somebody else, I'm not leaving you here with me more than an hour's drive away."

His gaze is sincere and unwavering.

I kiss him on the cheek just at the edge of his mouth. "I know...it's okay; I'll go with you."

I don't want to go. I've only seen Aramei once in all this time and after that night I knew I couldn't bear to see her ever again. And now, knowing that I'm a millisecond away from ending up just like her, being in her presence and reminded of my fate, it's the last place I want to be. But Isaac needs me and the longer I think about it, I start to convince myself that maybe seeing her again is something I need. Maybe there's something I missed the first time I was there. Maybe I'll find some kind of closure.

Who the hell am I kidding?

There's not much in the way of closure to ending up a vegetable.

Isaac walks over to the chair by the window and grabs my lounge pants for me. As I'm pulling them up over my panties I say, "I take it Nathan didn't see Genna at the store tonight then?"

"Not a sign of her."

"Well, what if he never sees her again?" I say, pulling my hair into a neater ponytail. "You can't drive yourself crazy always worrying about me. I'll put a stop to that real quick."

"What'll you do?" he says, though I do sense the faintest bit of humor hidden in his tone. This time though, he doesn't let it interrupt the seriousness of the conversation.

"I don't know," I say, slipping on my sweater, "but I'm just telling you in advance."

"Where are you going?"

"To brush my teeth," I say from the door of my room.

"We don't have time for that."

I open the door and step out into the hall. "Well, at least let me hit the Listerine."

We slip quietly out the front door, but not before I write a quick note for Aunt Bev saying Zia dragged me to her house, and leave it on the kitchen bar.

"So, where did they move her?"

We're heading northwest and just like the last time, I already get the feeling this is going to be a long night. I want to curl up next to Isaac and sleep the whole way there, but the bucket seats in his Jeep make that idea difficult to pull off.

"It's a secluded cabin about an hour and a half from here," he says while I'm trying to curl against my door instead. "It's only temporary; my father will probably move her again in a few days."

I groan laying my head against the window, pulling my knees up to my chest.

"And I take it you'll be going wherever he moves her then, too?"

I feel his hand on my thigh. "Does it really bother you that much?"

I rise up, deciding that there's no way I'm going to get comfortable enough to sleep. I turn my back at an angle, half against the seat, half against the door, and I cross my arms over my chest. "Only that he expects you to be her babysitter-Isaac, I just-." I raise my head from the seat and Isaac looks over at me briefly. "Can I be honest with you?"

"I always want you to be honest," he says and it stings for a second. "Baby, I know you hate my father and it's okay."

"No, I don't hate him. I know you look up to him and I know that he's not exactly Mr. Smith who lives next door and doesn't mind if the neighbor borrows his lawnmower-I can look past the fact that he's a werewolf. I understand what he is and what you are and that your ways are different from ours." I pause and he glances over at me again. "I just think he could be a little more...loving." It actually sounded pretty stupid saying it, but what I didn't catch in time was that it also might've stung Isaac a little. Isaac may have grown up like this, devoid of the kind of love that humans feel from their families and it shouldn't bother him as much as it might a human, but I know more than anyone that Isaac, being around humans so much all his life, started to crave love like we experience it.

He told me this himself months ago at Harvey's Coffee when we were still getting to know each other.

But the Elders, the way they are and always have been...they are legions of brutal killers all vying for some kind of power and when power and rage is at the top of the chain there is no room for love.

"My father loves us," he says very quietly, looking out the windshield, "he just shows it differently."

I think of my words more carefully this time.

"How does he show it?" I say, though not as if I'm being derisive.

"I'm alive, aren't I?"

I scoff and throw the control I had been maintaining right out the window, looking away from him. "That's not what I meant and you know it."

20

ISAAC GLANCES OVER AT me once more, moving one hand off the steering wheel and back on my thigh. The softness of his face reveals to me that he actually wasn't trying to be funny. I swallow hard and brace myself for whatever he's about to say because I know I'm not going to like it.

"My father chose me as an Alpha," he begins. "He sees strength in me unlike he sees in some of my brothers and sisters. And there are things you don't know..." he looks at me for a longer moment as the yellow-lined road straightens out ahead, "...he's let me get away with breaking our laws before."

I admit, I'm surprised by this information and definitely eager for him to continue.

He looks back at the road. "Getting involved with humans, for one."

I raise a brow, wondering about what course we just ended up on.

"It's forbidden," he says, "like a lot of things, it seems. But it was because of me that my father loosened the law about..." he seems uncomfortable with this all of a sudden.

"I can handle it," I say with a grin. "Hey those sluts don't have anything on me." He knows right away that I'm just playing around, hoping to ease his mind and that I don't really think of the girl's he's been with in his past, as sluts.

I notice Isaac's smile widen a little.

"Well, sex, relationships, all of it was forbidden. And it was a law centuries old. When I got involved with Avril, I wanted to love her because I wanted to know what it felt like. Though, when my father found out-Your BFF, Rachel, sold me out on that one-my father actually listened to me when he confronted me about her."

Ah, evil Rachel. No surprise there, really.

"What did you say to him?" That's definitely among about three other pressing questions that I'm a little more than curious to find out, but I stick to the subject and the point he's about to make.

"I told him that I've been around humans since I was two and that by him ordering us to hunt rogues all our lives and forced to live in the human world so much, that he can't expect us not to be influenced by it."

"And he actually listened to you?" I'm not buying it.

"Not at first," he says and I'm not surprised. "I was brought to the Elder Council where my father agreed to let them punish me."

"I don't wanna hear about it!" I rip the words out, turning away from him. I can't bear to listen to him tell me stories of how he was beaten, or forced to fight in some stupid death match of sorts. I don't want to hear it.

"No, love, listen to me," he says, his voice becoming softer. "They were going to exile me to Serbia, force me away from everyday human life and put me back in the mountains, but my father, no one else, had a change of heart and forbid the punishment at all."

A car passes by in the opposite lane, blinding me momentarily with its headlights on bright.

"My father said I was right, that I was destined to be an Alpha one day and that I should be able to act on my decisions before that time came. So he approved my request to loosen the law forbidding our kind to become involved with humans."

I mumble under my breath, "He's a hypocrite; after all, Aramei is human."

Isaac heard what I said, but he doesn't seem to care much about going into that topic.

"I'm guessing that 'loosen' means there were a lot of restrictions around it?" I ask.

Isaac nods. "Yeah, you can say that."

His answer leaves nothing but a suspicious question on my face.

"The night I took you to see Aramei," he says, "I was also bringing you to meet the ol' man." He tries to hold back that lopsided grin, but I still catch it.

My eyebrows crinkle softly. "What, like letting him approve of me, or something?"

"It wouldn't have made any difference to me," he explains, "whether he approved of you, or not. It wouldn't have changed anything between you and me-I would've fought him for you. But having my father's approval was important to me because he is my father."

"So he actually approved of me?" I admit it does make me feel pretty good. Still doesn't refute the fact that his father is not very high on my list of likable people.

Isaac's smile gets wider; another oncoming car passes us, illuminating what I notice as a proud and satisfying expression on his face.

"I told you standing up to Natasa the way you did was hot as hell," he says, grinning hugely. "You stood up to my father, Adria. Do you have any idea what kind of strength that takes-no werewolf lets that kind of courage go unnoticed."

I hide the blush in my face by looking out my window.

"So, did...Avril ever get approved by your father?" I totally failed at hiding the pang of jealousy. It wouldn't have mattered how I asked the question; there's just no way to hide the obvious in a question like that.

"Is someone jealous?" he says, and I hear the heavy grin in his voice.

I turn my head around harshly, my mouth fallen open in total disbelief. Okay, not so much disbelief, just the fake kind.

"No, baby," he says, cupping my chin in his fingertips, "no one approved of her." He lets his hand fall away and takes the steering wheel again and then becomes serious once more. "She was the girlfriend I told you about before. The one my family thought was unstable and who I Turned."

It shocks me to hear this admission.

I don't say anything for a moment, but I study Isaac instead, wondering if he still blames himself for her death.

"Like I told you before," he says, letting the memory fade from his mind, "I didn't love her; I only wanted to, just to know what it felt like."

I look down toward the dashboard, still not sure what to say. I'm not jealous anymore, but am a little bothered by the possibility of Isaac ever having actually loved someone before me.

"I didn't know what it really felt like until I met you," he says and it sounds like he's testing me, "but then you already knew that, didn't you?"

I look over at him carefully and I can't resist that disarming smile of his.

"But yes, these are the ways that my father shows me his love."

We turn down another street that looks exactly like the last one and keep driving with few cars in sight until we get on a seemingly endless stretch of highway.

"But because I'm one of the few he trusts with Aramei, it shows me more than anything his love for me."

None of it is what I consider 'love', but I can't bear to bring myself to say this to Isaac. However he wants to believe that his father loves him, I'm not going to take that away from him. It would crush him. And here I am all over again thinking that maybe it is a good thing after all that Isaac doesn't know what I know. Maybe it's still better that I continue with my original plan months ago about never telling Isaac that his father has put all of their lives in jeopardy over and over again for the sake of keeping Aramei alive.

After an hour, we pull down a dirt road hidden by a canopy of low, sweeping trees and heavy brush; even in the daytime you'd never see this road unless you already knew it was here. The change of scenery makes me think we're pretty much there, but then we drive another ten minutes down a slim, winding black street. There are no street lights, or painted lines on the road and the canopy of trees looming over each side only helps to block out any light the moon might give off.

Five more minutes and we come to a road block.

The Jeep's headlights brighten the nine giant figures standing in the center and on each side of the street. I've seen men like this before, in Aramei's cave. Werewolves. They only look like men, but their true identity is unmistakable to me. They're lightly armored, wearing thick vests and metal and leather bracers around their arms. Each has a sword sheathed at their sides.

I don't think I'll ever get used to seeing swords. Everything can appear modern and normal to me. I can be talking to someone I know is a werewolf and it doesn't shock me anymore. But when I see men wearing swords it never fails to make me look twice, just to verify I didn't slip in the shower and wake up somewhere in the medieval days.

"Stay here," Isaac says as he opens the door and hops out.

He doesn't have to tell me twice.

This makes me as nervous as it did the first time; no, actually it's worse because I already know that from this point onward, I'm not in the human world anymore.

As Isaac talks with the guards in front of the headlights, I glance uneasily out all of the windows, looking toward the thick, black trees that surround us on all sides and I can feel them in there. They're everywhere. These werewolves out in the open on the road are just a tiny fraction of their numbers. I think of Malachi, about how he described the way in which Aramei is always so heavily guarded. He was pretty dead-on.

It never dawned on me until now, why she is so heavily guarded like this. What can she do? I don't know, it just seems like overkill. I guess it makes sense that because Trajan is the most feared and most powerful werewolf living, that others who might want to dethrone him may go after the one thing he cares about the most. But it also makes me question Trajan's leadership on a whole new level.

I'm no military expert, but it seems like a poor tactical decision for Trajan to put all of his eggs in one basket like this. Either that or he has so many soldiers that he can afford to spare one hundred just to guard one person.

Yeah, okay, that's probably the case.

Isaac comes back around to the Jeep and slips inside.

The window banging once beside me makes my heart jump up into my esophagus. I turn around to see a familiar face staring in at me.

I push the button to let the window down, still trying to catch my breath.

"You're still with this pup?" Raul says, smiling in at me all crazy-like. He was one of the guards posted at the entrance to Aramei's room in the cave the first time I saw her. Raul and Isaac seem to have a respectful sort of relationship and even though this werewolf is as tall as a tree and twice as thick as any human body builder I've ever seen, it's not as easy to be afraid of him with his facetious nature.

"Yeah," I say, letting a sly grin touch the corners of my mouth, "but I've been thinking about broadening my horizons, maybe seeing other people, y'know, like big, older guys." I look him over suggestively.

Raul's grin consumes his face. He leans over farther so he can see Isaac sitting in the driver's seat.

"You hear that, boy?" he says and Isaac is grinning back at him. "Your girl wants to see what it's like to be with Big Raul-you're gonna' lose her, kid. Better get the shackles on her now."

Isaac shakes his head, big smile still intact. "Alright, Raul, I'll be sure to do that." He places his hand on the gear shift.

Raul winks at me and steps away from the window, patting the top of the door a few times to indicate it's okay for us to drive ahead now.

"He's right, y'know," I say, grinning over at Isaac. "Better get the shackles out."

Isaac barks a laugh. "If I get the shackles out," he says just as playfully as I had, "it won't be to keep you away from him."

I don't know why that visual made the area just below my stomach feel like ice all of a sudden, but I think I'll keep that to myself. I keep my face turned away from him, but I'm sure he can tell I'm blushing so hard.

The Jeep descends a steep little hill that leads down into a clearing amid the trees where a large two-story cabin sits. There is no electricity here and the only light glowing in the windows is the dancing orange flames most likely from lanterns lit all throughout the house. I expected an old, dilapidated cabin with cobwebs and six inches of dust and maybe even a few deer skins hanging out front, but this is actually nice.

Scanning the area, I see several tall, dark figures all standing around outside and I catch the glint of a few pairs of preternatural eyes staring back at us as Isaac and me get out of the Jeep.

There's a river, or maybe a waterfall nearby. The sound of rushing water resonates through the forest.

Isaac takes my hand and as we approach the front of the cabin, a werewolf in human form almost as enormous as Raul, steps in front of us. Only this guy, by the ominous, hard look on his face, I can't help but be intimidated by.

"And who is this?" he drills Isaac through a deep, rough voice as he looks down at me.

"My girlfriend," Isaac says sternly, which between it and the intolerant look in his eyes seems enough for the brute to bow his head and step aside to let us pass.

I'm surprised that he referred to me as his girlfriend, instead of his mate this time. When it came to the older werewolves, 'mate' seemed more appropriate, as if Isaac was speaking to them in their language by simply not using human terms.

When we step inside the warmly lit cabin, it isn't a surprise to see several servants all dressed alike in black ankle-length gowns, tending to various duties. One steadily dusts the empty shelves and abandoned rustic furniture. Three are coming and going from an area under the staircase that probably leads into a kitchen, each carrying different types of food; fruit mostly, which is carried up the stairs toward a wide-open section overlooking the downstairs floor and where I'm certain Aramei is being kept. Two more servants approach Isaac and me, bow low at the waist and raise their backs again slowly without ever saying a word. Isaac makes a slight motion with his hand, dismissing them and they bow again and move to stand against the wall.

The cabin looks only recently lived in; by Aramei and those inside of it now. There isn't anything else that I can see which might suggest any humans have been here in several years. Besides the perfumed oils and burning incense that is standard around Aramei, I can easily detect the smell of old air, weathered wood and something mildewed. And even though every inch of anything in reach had been recently dusted by the servants, the mounds of dust and cobwebs on the tall log-like walls and rafters above make this old cabin look as vacant and worn as I had expected it to.

Isaac pulls me along by my fingertips and we walk up the wooden stairs and onto the second floor, which is one enormous area with no hidden rooms or hallways to duck into. The space is vast, encompassing the entire area from halfway overlooking the downstairs floor and spreading out into an oval, flanked by a log balcony separating both floors.

Aramei stands in the soft orange light from a nearby lantern, one servant girl with velvety auburn hair devotedly at her side.

My chest feels empty, dominated by nothing but cold air which whirls up into my throat and down into the pit of my stomach. How just being in Aramei's presence can make me feel so overly emotional and afraid and wounded still defies any rationalization. Aramei stands with her back to us, her dainty arms lying softly at her sides. The white gown that she wears does little to hide her perfect nak*d form underneath it. Her silken hair lies neatly against her back, down the center between her shoulder blades, so shiny and soft you just know one of her attending servants had recently brushed it more than one hundred strokes. But Aramei hardly moves. I watch her, swallowing my pain, as she appears to stare downward at the hardwood floor. Her little white feet are bare and the gown she wears barely hovers an inch from the tops of her small ankles.

I see nothing but her in this moment. I don't remember that Isaac is standing next to me somewhere, or that the auburn-haired servant stands feet from Aramei with her hands folded carefully against her pelvis.

What is Aramei looking at? Nothing, of course, I make myself believe. Maybe she doesn't see anything at all. Maybe as she stands there staring off into oblivion, all that she sees is oblivion.

This will be me one day....

Isaac rests his hand on my shoulder from behind and it feels like an attempt to console me. But why would he need to console me? He doesn't know why I'm standing here like this, why my heart feels like an empty, dead thing rotting inside my chest, threatening to bring me to my knees while I wither away and die.

I hold back the tears hiding just behind my eyes.

"Milord has ordered she only be accompanied by you anymore," the auburn-haired servant says to Isaac and finally I tear my eyes away from the cruel mirror I had been staring into.

"When did he say this?" Isaac says and I feel his body step away from mine.

The servant bows her head as he approaches. "He informed us yesterday-no longer can Aramei be personally guarded by anyone but you, Milord." Her voice is gentle and subservient.

Isaac lets out a long, deep breath. I turn at the waist to see him. That look in his eyes is him trying not to appear devastated, while at the same time, apologizing to me for the new order thrust onto him. He already knows how I feel about it. This news, after the conversation he and I had on the way here, is cruelly ironic.

"Do you know what his reasons are for this decision?" Isaac says and I hear the anger seething quietly in his words.

I look back at Aramei, who hasn't moved an inch and I hear Isaac pull out a chair situated under a small table pressed against the balcony.

"Partially, Milord," the servant says, but she stops. I turn around slightly to see why. She looks toward another servant fluffing up the pillows amid Aramei's giant bed that sits against the far wall. "All of you leave us," she demands and every servant bows where they stand and scurries down the stairs.

"Everyone, all of you, go outside," Isaac says, looking over the balcony, to those lingering in the room below.

Not until Isaac and the servant are confident that only the four of us are left inside the cabin does the servant feel she can speak again.

"Milord," she says, "may I speak freely?"

"Of course."

I don't move. I turn my back on them, letting my gaze fall only on Aramei, but leaving my ears open to everything she and Isaac are saying.

"Your father has become obsessed, paranoid even," she says and her tone and choice of words feel borderline blasphemous to me, but I guess that's what being able to speak freely means.

"Go on," Isaac urges her.

Aramei still hasn't moved. Her body sways in an almost invisible motion, but she isn't the one provoking it.

"He was visited by a woman who told him that there might be someone on the inside who is a danger to Aramei."

"Who was this woman?"

"I do not know, Milord. I have never seen her before."

"Well, what did she look like?"

"She appeared young," the servant says, "her hair was dark and long, but she had no distinguishable traits to set her apart from any other young girl. But she was a Black Beast; this I know."

Black Beast is the old term for werewolf. Only the Elders normally still use it.

"But then why still allow all of these guards and the servants, or even you for that matter, around Aramei now?"

"The girl said that the threat is coming from among those you know, not from those of us who have tended to her and guarded her life for two hundred years."

I notice Aramei's chin raise and it's enough to keep all of my attention. She is still so beautiful and unchanging, still the same angelic figure she has always been.

I walk over closer to her, letting Isaac's and the servant's words fade behind me.

In a split second, I could've sworn I saw Aramei's body tense up as I approached her. But that can't be. She doesn't know that I'm even here. She doesn't know that she's here.

"Your father will be taking her back to Serbia soon. Permanently."

Those words cause my whole body to jerk around.

My eyes flash on Isaac, full of anger and censure. "No, Isaac. You can't let him force you to go to Serbia!"

Isaac doesn't look at me; his penetrating gaze hones in on the wall out ahead, but I read total defiance and resentment in his expression.

Trajan is in Serbia all the time; he's there more than he is here these days, but if he takes Aramei back there...no, this isn't going to happen. He's not taking Isaac away from me or me away from my aunt and uncle.

"Isaac...."

"Don't worry about it," he says, finally looking at me. "I won't let it happen."

The subject is quickly diverted when I see the servant's eyes widen as she stares off toward Aramei. And then Isaac is sharing her expression, causing me to turn around to see what has them both so mesmerized.

Aramei has turned fully around and is looking straight at me. Not through me as if I'm not standing here, but at me as though she actually sees me.

My hand flies to my chest.

My eyes dart back and forth between the three of them and I'm waiting for someone to say something because I'm so stunned that I don't know what I'd say if I had to say anything at all.

But no one murmurs a word.

It's like we're afraid to breathe, afraid to move for fear of scaring Aramei back into the static, unconscious state she's been in for so long.

Tears pour from my eyes, but I'm not sure why. I search my mind and my heart for some explanation, some buried emotion I never knew I had which has reared its ugly head in the most awkward moment, but I find nothing.

It's almost as if the tears I'm crying aren't mine.

Isaac carefully moves in behind me.

"Why is she looking at me like that," I whisper to him in a shuddering voice, but I don't move my eyes from Aramei's.

"I don't know," he says against my ear and I can sense that he hasn't taken his eyes off her, either.

Aramei walks across the hardwood floor toward me and my body just becomes stiffer and stiffer, my eyes widening beyond their limits, my lips parted. I see in her eyes something I've never seen before: life, though it's so vague and so frail that the slightest wrong move might scare it completely away.

I do stop breathing when Aramei stands directly in front of me and reaches out her pale, delicate hand and touches my face. My legs melt with weakness, but I manage to stay on my feet, feeling Isaac's grip tighten just a little around my waist.

"You see me...." She says in a voice almost too soft to hear and more tears roll down my cheeks.

Her hand falls away, and just like that, Aramei slips back inside that void that used to be her mind. I fall into Isaac's chest, trying to shake off...I don't know...what the hell just happened? I didn't faint. I know, because I remember everything; I just don't understand any of it.

As the servant rushes over to help Aramei to the bed, Isaac helps me into the chair by the balcony overlooking the downstairs floor.

"She's only ever acknowledged my father in that way," he says bewilderingly, but then his worries shift only to me. "Adria, are you alright?" He pulls the empty chair over next to me, sitting directly in front of me, laying his arms across my thighs.

"Yeah, I just...," I raise my eyes to look up at him. "Isaac...."

He's gazing at me with anticipation but I can't go any further. I can't tell him that I think I just felt Aramei's emotions. There's no other way to explain it even to myself, but that's exactly what it felt like. I wasn't crying my tears. I think I was crying hers.

I'm losing it...I'm finally starting to lose my mind.

"Get her some water," Isaac demands the servant, but I object.

"I don't need any water; I'll be alright."

I'll never be alright.

I see Isaac nod intently at the servant and she bows and heads down the stairs anyway.

"We'll stay here tonight, okay?" he says, moving the loose hair out of my face and tucking it behind my ear.

I raise my eyes to his and don't hold back the reluctant expression. "I don't know, Isaac..." I glance over at Aramei as she lies quietly on her side in the comfort of her bed.

Isaac puts my face in his hands. "I'll make you a bed. Right now. And you can sleep this off and we'll go home in the morning." He kisses my forehead, letting his lips sit pressed against it for a long moment and then he looks at me again.

"I want to stay up here with you."

"No," he says resolutely. "You're going to bed."

"But where will you be?"

"I'm not going anywhere. I'll go to bed with you down there on the couch. Eva can stay up here with Aramei."

I'm not going to argue with him about staying. I knew when we came here that we'd probably be here for a few hours and that as late as it already was when he picked me up, that spending the night here was likely anyway.

I just wasn't prepared for it.

Seeing Aramei the way she is, seeing again firsthand exactly how I'm going to be, is one thing. But spending more than a couple of hours in her presence, trying to sleep with her practically in the same room, that's not exactly what I had in mind.

I'm assuming the auburn-haired servant is Eva. She comes back up the stairs with a glass of water and hands it to me. I thank her and she waits for Isaac's nod of approval before she goes back over to Aramei.

It was a good idea. I drink the water down so fast that I feel like I just can't drink enough.

Isaac has a few more words with Eva before he takes me with him downstairs and makes us a bed on the couch. There are plenty of fresh pillows and clean linen that the servants had for Aramei's use, so sleeping on the old, dusty couch isn't so bad. Isaac orders all of the servants to sleep upstairs and I'm glad for this because it would be weird lying on a couch with about a dozen people scattered about in pallets on the floor all around us.

The couch is small, but Isaac and I lay comfortably with me facing him, curled up against his chest with my head tucked underneath his chin. All of the lanterns have been snuffed out leaving the cabin dark and it's so incredibly quiet that I can hear the insects outside and the sound of that rushing water nearby falling relentlessly over rocks. It's almost too quiet; if I didn't already know they were everywhere, I never would have guessed that there were so many servants and guards inside and around this cabin.

The steady sound of Isaac's breathing lulls me to sleep. And I know I'm dreaming now because I'm partially aware of this urgency to wake up. I lift away from Isaac's arms to see the front door of the cabin close softly and from the window I watch a figure with quiet, silky movements glide down the steps. I get up to follow, leaving Isaac in a deep sleep on the couch. I'm only dreaming. Nothing about this feels real, all except for that part of my subconscious that tells me I should push forward.

I slip outside into the night. The forest landscape is bathed by moonlight and a dark blue hue. There isn't a sign of a werewolf anywhere and in this dream I look behind me at the old cabin to see that it's no longer a cabin, but the entrance to a cave. But I don't think any more about it and I follow Aramei's angelic figure making its way through the trees out ahead; the thin, white gown that covers her is blowing against the trees as she passes between them.

She's standing at the edge of the river. A waterfall rolls and tumbles into the river below, but it sounds so soft, softer than it should sound if any of this were real.

I walk toward Aramei and she keeps her back to me. The wind combs gently through her hair and pushes the see-through fabric of her gown against her petite, hourglass form.

She turns only her head and the silky light-colored hair blows against the side of her cheek. She is so hauntingly beautiful.

"You see me," she says in a whisper, yet it sounds as though she's standing right next to me. "Don't shut your eyes."

I wake up with a jolt, hearing the sound of Eva's voice coming down the stairs.

"She's gone, Milord!"

Isaac stirs awake behind me and I'm still trying to get my head together.

Eva rushes around the couch and stops dead cold, looking down at me and toward the floor. Her eyes look to and from me and Aramei, who is asleep sitting up on the floor next to me with her head lying against the couch.

"Milord...."

Isaac rises up fully and helps me over to one side of the couch without waking Aramei up. He and Eva look at one another as if some kind of miracle has been performed.

"How did she get down here?"

Isaac goes into a stand, but I stay where I'm at, completely dazed by what's happened.

"I-I don't know, Milord," Eva says nervously and I can tell that she's no stranger to certain kinds of punishments where Aramei's safety is concerned.

But Isaac is not Trajan and he easily reminds her of this.

"It's okay, Eva," he says and looks back at me and then down at Aramei who still hasn't stirred. There's so much going on inside his mind right now that it shows all over his face.

"I will take her back upstairs," Eva says approaching Aramei.

Isaac stops her and lifts Aramei into his arms and carries her up instead. Eva scurries closely behind him, glancing back at me with that look in her eyes; that stunned, mystified look.

When Isaac comes back down he takes my hand.

"We need to go," he says, though his voice is distant.

We leave within minutes. The early morning sun has risen fully and it's a beautiful, perfect day, but I can't think of anything on the drive home but what happened.

And Isaac and I hardly speak.

I can't bring myself to tell him my thoughts, and maybe Isaac is just as afraid of his. We both settle with Aramei must 'like' me, which I guess doesn't seem so impossible. She may be oblivious to this world, but she sometimes seems to recognize Trajan, so maybe it's not so unbelievable that something like this could happen.

Of course, I'm not totally buying it, either.

21

ISAAC DROPS ME OFF at home and I sleep a few hours longer before heading to work with Beverlee at Finch's Grocery. And when I get home later in the afternoon, I find myself desperate for something to do. Something normal.

So, I spend the next twenty minutes unpacking my stuff from Portland and then I take a shower. I gather all of my dirty laundry and take it in the laundry room to start a load. Pushing up on my toes to reach the shelf over the washing machine where Beverlee keeps the detergent, I notice a small folded stack of my sister's clothes, covered by a thick layer of dust and dryer lint from sitting there so long. I think of Alex for a moment, lost in glimpses of her smiling face that only manages to depress me. I jerk the detergent down and fill up the cap, pouring it into the washing machine. After I twist the cap back on, I shove the container against Alex's clothes, pushing them farther back onto the shelf and out of sight.

While cleaning the lint catcher from the dryer so I can start the load Beverlee had left in the washer, I hear Uncle Carl's wheelchair moving across the porch and back into the house, the screen door closing hard against the back of his chair.

"Who is it?" I hear him say to Beverlee and I start the dryer and walk back out into the hall.

But as I get closer to the kitchen, I slow my steps because something about Uncle Carl's voice seems different and I want to listen.

"It's about Rhonda," I hear Beverlee say my mother's name and I stand off to the side, hidden by the shadows of the hallway. Beverlee hands the cordless phone to Uncle Carl. "Yes," he nods listening to the person on the other end of the phone. "Yes, thank you for calling to let us know."

My heart is beating really fast and my face is getting hotter, but it has nothing to do with my episodes-what's happened to my mom?

I hear the phone beep off as Beverlee places it back inside the charger.

I fly the rest of the way around the corner, staring at them both with a look of total desperation. "What's wrong with my mom?"

Uncle Carl looks at Beverlee first and then back at me. "She's in the hospital," he says to both of us. "Some kind of accident-that was some friend of hers, Janice Bentley, on the phone."

Janice Bentley was our next-door neighbor who has about a hundred cats.

I move into the kitchen. "Well is she okay?"

"She was hurt pretty bad but they expect her to make a full recovery. Mrs. Bentley said she would be in the hospital for several more days."

"I'm going," I say as if it's final and start toward the stairs.

"Adria!" Beverlee says running out of the kitchen. She stops me before I make it up the first step. "What do you mean?"

I suck in a deep breath. "I have to see her, Aunt Bev. My mom wasn't in an accident. Jeff did this to her. I can guarantee it."

"You're not going to Georgia," Uncle Carl says from the kitchen. "I don't want you anywhere near that man. He's the reason you're here, remember?"

I move away from the steps and back into the kitchen light. Beverlee places her hand on my shoulder from behind.

"Please Uncle Carl," I say, looking down at his worried face from the wheelchair. "I'm old enough to be able to handle things on my own. This is my mom!" I'm not trying to yell at him, I'm just distraught and he knows this.

Beverlee's hand gently squeezes my shoulder.

"Let her go," Beverlee says standing beside me now. "I think she'll be fine. She's very responsible."

"I don't think it's a good idea," Uncle Carl says and at this point I feel like I'm going to have to pull an Alex and just leave. "Why don't you go with her?" he says, looking hopefully at Beverlee.

"No-look, Uncle Carl," I say, stepping up, holding out my hands, "Aunt Bev needs to hang around here. You haven't been home long. I can handle myself, I'm not twelve." I didn't mean for that last part to sound so snippy, but it came out that way. I'm just really apprehensive. My face falls and I try to fix it. "I'll only go to the hospital. Not like Jeff will risk doing anything to me there in front of people. Besides, he's a coward and to be honest, I'm not the slightest bit afraid of him and he knows it."

Uncle Carl sighs and looks off toward the den.

"Maybe get Isaac to go with you," Beverlee suggests, hoping that might help ease Uncle Carl's mind. "Or even Harry."

"Harry can't," I say. "He's already on his way back to Portland with his dad so they can get his car running-I'll call Isaac."

I stand here, waiting for Uncle Carl to say something, or even just show an expression that'll give me the go-ahead. I'm too anxious and feel like I need to leave right now.

Uncle Carl thinks about it for a second longer and finally starts nodding. "Alright," he says, "see if Isaac will go with you."

I hug Uncle Carl tight and rush upstairs. As I'm re-packing my duffle bag, tossing whatever clean clothes I happen to see first down inside of it, I consider Isaac again and start to think that taking him with me isn't such a great idea, after all.

Isaac would kill Jeff. He already hates him just for being what he is and what he put me through growing up.

No, I can't take Isaac.

Things just got a lot more complicated.

But I don't have time for the phone call, trying to explain to Isaac that this is something I need to do alone, or risk him rushing to the airport to stop me, or force himself onto the plane.

I just need to go and I need to do it now before anyone else finds out that I'm leaving and it gets around to Isaac.

Beverlee comes into my room. "Did you talk to him?"

I hesitate and look away, throwing my toothbrush back inside my bag so I'm not looking her in the eyes when I say, "He didn't pick up his phone, but I'll be alright. It's probably better I do this by myself anyway."

Beverlee looks wary; she knows I'm lying to her.

"I'll take you to the airport," she says, smiling faintly and I thank her by smiling back for not only her faith in me, but also her discretion.

When the plane touches down in Georgia, I can hardly contain myself in the seat waiting for them to let us off. And when they finally do, I step off to the instant feel of familiarity. I lived in Georgia all my life and no matter how long I'm away from it, it will always feel somewhat like home.

I catch a cab to Athens Regional and it lets me off in the front under the hospital's towering glass walls. It's definitely going to be strange seeing my mom again after nearly a year and not one phone call from her, but I don't care how much she's hurt me, she's my mom and I'll always love her.

I enter the hospital through the Emergency area with my purse and the small duffle bag over the same shoulder. The woman behind the counter gives me directions to the part of the hospital where inpatients are housed. I follow a series of hallways that all look alike and then find an elevator to take me up to the second floor where I just end up walking in circles until I stop and ask a housekeeper for directions the rest of the way. "All the way to the end of the hall. Swing a left and it's right down that way, darlin'." I thank her and walk a little faster. It's nice to hear that familiar southern accent I'm so used to. Mainers have such a distinct accent next to the southern drawl.

Finally, I come upon the room. I stand outside the large beige door with my hand barely touching the silver lever knob. I'm hoping that Jeff isn't inside because I need to visit my mom without having to see his face, or smell the thirty-year's worth of vomit-inducing beer emanating from his pores.

He needs to be rotting in jail right now, but I know it's not likely.

I pull the handle down and the door clicks open.

"How'd y'know I was here?" my mom says in a strained voice as I come around the corner.

From the waist down she's covered in a heavy blue knit hospital blanket. Her hair looks freshly washed; odd against the rest of her horrific features that I instantly want to shut my eyes to, but I can't do anything but stare across at her. My heart is breaking and I'm motionless, afraid at first to walk the rest of the way to her bedside. Her eyes are so swollen the skin can be mistaken for blisters filled with blood. The left side of her face, her chin, and upward along her jaw, is bigger than the right. I can't tell if she's biting down on gauze like when you get teeth cut out, or if it's just the swelling.

I let a long, heavy breath out slowly through my parted lips and walk toward her, taking a seat in the chair next to her bed, putting my purse and duffle bag on the floor at my feet. I reach out to hold her hand, but she moves it, laying it across her stomach. She looks away from me.

"You don't need to be here, Adria," she says in a chagrined, distant voice. "You don't need to see me like this."

I look her over carefully, warily, scanning the rest of the damage even though I can't stand to see her this way.

I hate that man.

This is the worst it's ever been. Both of her arms are pockmarked by purple and grayish-blue bruises. There's still blood in her nose and I wonder if it's from before, or if she's having nosebleeds again. The last time Jeff hit her in the face, her nose bled off and on for a week. There's an IV machine on the other side of the bed, but they must've removed it recently because there are no little tubes running from it to her, and I notice the bend of her arm has been taped with gauze and dressing tape.

Her swollen head falls to the side so she can look at me, but she doesn't make eye contact. She stares toward the wall instead.

"How did this happen, Mom?"

I know how it happened, but I want her to say it. I want her to tell me the truth because if she does, if she can find the courage to admit it, it could mean that she's finally had enough. And I would do anything to help her. All of my savings, the money I have left on the credit card Aunt Bev gave to me-I would use it all to move her away from Jeff, even if I had to find her a place near me in Maine. And if it came down to it, I would ask Uncle Carl and Aunt Bev to let her stay with us just long enough to get her on her feet.

My mom still can't look at me.

"Oh, I was bein' stupid; you know me and the outdoors."

My heart sinks, but I just go along with it. I don't want to upset her.

"Well, tell me what happened," I say softly, feeling as though I'm just lying to myself for the sake of her mental well-being. "Where were you and who were you with?"

She looks fully at me now, letting her face rest against the pillow and I see a faint smile hiding in her eyes, feeling more confident that she has successfully misled me. She tries to smile more noticeably, but her face is so swollen that the slightest lifting of her lips causes discomfort.

"Me and Jeff," she says, "We went out to Beezo's place to camp for a few days. You know how them bluffs are, honey. I never did like doin' that crazy stuff, but Jeff talked me into it. I jumped off the smallest one, but just because it's small don't mean nothin'."

I know she's lying. I'm used to it.

It takes everything in me to hold back the things I want to say, the things I've said to her so many times over the years she's been with him. But as I look at her, I see nothing but resignation in her eyes, the same kind you see in the eyes of someone who has simply given up. They smile and seem at peace, completely accepting of the death that'll soon claim them because they have no more fight left in them.

My mother lost her fight long ago. Only now, as I sit next to her and brush her dark, chocolate-colored hair just like mine away from her forehead, do I see it.

And I can't fight her anymore because...when it comes to this, like her, I have no fight left.

Though my heart is shattered by my mom for the last time, I can't do anything but let the pain and disappointment run its course.

"Where's Alexandra?"

I look up at the television mounted on the wall and stare at the six o'clock news, watching the weatherman's lips move as he points at Fulton County, smiling at the obvious rain-free radar.

I swallow the painful lump in my throat and say, "She's with her new friends mostly these days."

"Oh," she says and her voice trails as if lost in some conflicting thought. "Well, what have you been doing? Is Carl treating you good?" I can easily detect how much pain she's in when every few words the corners of her swollen eyes crinkle and she pauses to let the pain move through her.

"I've been great," I say smiling down at her, hoping that maybe words of my life not being as bad as hers might make her feel better. "And Uncle Carl is wonderful. But he's in a wheelchair now."

"Really?" she says and it stings a little that she never knew about this sooner, that she has given up even her sense of caring and concern for family, for Jeff. "How'd that happen?"

"Car accident. Last November."

"Oh," she says again, as if it's the only word she knows.

A tiny burning pain shoots through my jaw and I notice I've been sitting here grinding my teeth as I listen to my mother. Hearing nothing in her words that suggests love, nothing in her eyes screams out to me saying she's a wounded soul trapped in that battered body. And it's starting to infuriate me.

Nine months and not one phone call. Not a single one. Pictures of all the times in the past when my mother let Jeff get away with treating her like tossed-out trash moves through my memory. And when he would yell at Alex and me, taking his anger toward us out on the things that meant the most to us. Jeff was why Alex kept her Precious Moments collection from our great-grandmother hidden in that box. Because she knew Jeff would shatter them against the walls. And the few times that Jeff did put his hands on me and my sister, when he thought that we were as weak-minded as our mother and would let him get away with it. I fight back the urge to cry. Not because of Jeff. Not because he's an abusive bastard that deserves to die a lonely, painful death from an eroded liver. Not because the entire life of my teenage years were stripped from me because of him.

I fight back the urge to cry because my mother let him get away with it all.

Jeff didn't take my mother away from me.

She let me go.

"How'd you get here anyway?" she says weakly, but I'm not really hearing her.

I look back down at her and try to see if I can remember anything from my childhood, from before the time when things changed. And I do see it. I look past the bruises and the blood crusted in her nostrils. I see far beyond the black eyes and swollen skin and I see the Rhonda Dawson that used to love me. The mother that used to sit with me between her legs while she braided my long hair. When she used to set her old makeup out on the vanity on purpose so that I would be tempted to try it. Because I wanted to be as pretty as her. And she would laugh and snap pictures of my face covered in mascara and lipstick. And I see all the times she drove with me and Alex to the ocean in Savannah. We were strapped in our seatbelts in the back seat with coloring books in our laps, while she tortured us with Patti Smith and The Doors music that we pretended to hate, but secretly loved. Because she loved them.

I could never hate my mother, no matter what she's done, or what she allowed my sister and me to go through. I could never hate her not only because she's my mother, but because she has abused herself all these years and doesn't know herself anymore. Because like any human being, all she's ever wanted in her life was love and she did anything for it, even if it wasn't right. Even if the love she was chasing wasn't love at all, but something sinister only pretending to be love.

She had it all along. Alex and I loved her more than the world. She had it all along, but she couldn't see it. She still doesn't see it and I know now that she never will.

I hear the door open and I breathe in fast to suck back the tears that had been rising to the surface.

I don't even see Jeff, but I know that it's him; I can sense him like a dark, loathsome shadow moving along the wall behind me. And I can smell the oil and engine muck lingering on his clothes.

And my mom's face lights up.

A pained smile covers the entirety of her face, the kind of smile I should've seen when I walked through that door.

I can't cry. I'm hurting so much right now that I can't even cry. This pain is beyond tears.

I stand up from the chair and pull my purse and duffle bag over my left shoulder. I still don't look at Jeff, but I know he's standing near the television by the wall.

"I have to go, Mom," I say, leaning over and hugging her carefully. "I love you. You get better, okay?" But I know my words are hollow.

She strains to hug me back; the smell of rubbing alcohol rises up in my nose as she moves her arm around me and then just as quickly lets it fall away.

"Long time, no see," Jeff says. "How've you been?"

I look over at him. He stands holding a bouquet of flowers next to where his heart is supposed to be. He's smiling faintly, but it's so easy to see that right now he's sober and hopes that either I believe the lie he knows my mom told me or that I'll leave quietly and not cause a scene; maybe even forgive him. I don't need to be a Praverian to know what he's thinking, how he's rehearsing his lines for my mom about how sorry he is and that he'll never do it again. And I don't need to be a psychic to know that my mom is about to tell him that she believes him and that she forgives him.

I walk toward Jeff and his smile gets a little bigger, but underneath it he knows the disingenuous effort is wasted.

Without a word or a single discernible expression on my face, I pull back my fist and bury it in his head. His skinny body collides abrasively against the wall and the flowers tumble tumultuously from his hands, scattering on the floor beneath him like dead promises. Absolute shock freezes his expression in place. He doesn't speak and neither do I.

Slowly he brings up his hand, wiping the blood from his broken nose, but never takes his stunned eyes off me.

I walk past him and right out the opened door. Two nurses are standing at the counter watching me with big eyes and surprised faces. The one with blond hair, pulled up into a ponytail, passes me an applauding smile and I step inside the nearby elevator.

I don't see much of anything on my way through the maze-like halls of the hospital as I make my way out. I don't hear the same housekeeper asking me if I found my way alright as I pass her again now on the first floor. Every sight and sound blends into one another; voices are subdued behind a thick curtain of thoughts swirling around inside my head. But I don't see any of those, either. It's like that one memory of my mother smiling down at my clown-like face with the camera clasped in her hand has frozen in my mind.

But I force it out and replace it with Beverlee's face staring down at me with all of the love that my mother gave up.

I push myself down the last long stretch of hallway and I don't really notice how much it's moving, how the walls are swaying in and out. The early evening sunlight soon to slip behind the horizon shines dimly out ahead, making the EXIT sign more visible above the tall glass doors.

I make it to them, stepping out and into the Georgia heat. The white concrete seems vast and endless and I feel like I'm standing in an ocean of smooth cement. The thin clouds streaking across the sky appear so close. Everything around me is larger than before: the towering glass walls of the hospital, the landscaping, the blacktop parking lot. I feel so small underneath the sky as it begins to close in all around me from every side.

I hear voices: "Miss? Are you alright?" And feel a hand clutching my elbow.

But the ground seems to pull out from underneath me, sending me crashing to my knees. Cars and people's legs and rust-colored clay flower pots all spin around in a haze of brisk, chaotic movement.

I lay on my back against the hot concrete as everything goes still, my gaze fixated on the sky, lost in some other place where painful memories are forbidden. Voices are moving all around me, but I see no one, at least not their faces. Their bodies crowd around mine like a mass of fabric and shoes and I just stare up at the sky until my eyelids shut out the world.

22

A DULL AND STEADY beep, beep, beep sounds nearby, constant and slow like dripping water. Something squeezes my arm so tight that for a moment it's the only part of my body that I can feel. Crushing pressure. It slowly eases, allowing the blood to flow through the rest of my body again. Another series of different beeps chime in my head. It feels like there's fire in my throat and I try to call out for water, but I don't think my lips are moving. I smell potent cleaners and body lotion and hospital soap and plastic.

My legs feel bare and exposed, though warm underneath a heavy swath of fabric. My feet are cold and the sheet I'm lying on feels unnatural against my skin; stiff like starched cotton, and it smells new, right out of the package.

Something's in my arm, like an oblong knot preventing me from bending at the elbow. I feel something similar in the top of my hand; a rubbery tube moving along my vein. Something sticky is pressed over it, pinching my skin into an unnatural fold causing the area around it to itch.

"Miss Lancaster?" I hear a woman's voice say from somewhere above me. "Liv Lancaster, can you hear me, hon?"

I don't know who these people are, or why it sounds like they're talking to me, but as I come around I become more desperate to find out.

"She's waking up," the same voice says as if to someone else in the room.

My eyelids are heavy, as though some invisible weight lies over them, but I manage to open them a slit. The overhead light is blinding and I squint them shut quickly and try again with my gaze looking downward this time. The room begins to come together in a series of indistinct objects that take many long seconds to become clear to me.

A black and white clock is mounted on the wall next to the television. I can hear it ticking so loudly in my ears, and the toilet water running in the nearby restroom until it cuts off with a thu-rump. There's a giant window covered by thick, gray curtains, but I can make out that it's dark on the other side of them, maybe very early morning. At the foot of the hospital bed is a tall rectangular table made to slide perfectly over the bed and my lap. A fat, clear container sits on top of it with a fancy lid and a rigidly-shaped straw poking from the top. The outside of the cup sweats, a pool of water forming underneath it.

"Miss Lancaster?" the nurse says as she stands to the right of the bed jostling the IV machine, where I notice at the end of the tube in the bend of my arm, a needle is sleeping underneath the dressing tape. "You really took a fall. How are you feeling?"

I close my eyes and squeeze tight as if to reset the scene, but when I open them again and let them blur back into focus, everything is the same.

"W-Who are you talking to?"

It still hasn't completely hit me yet that I've been impaled by needles.

The nurse presses a few buttons on another machine and leans over me, adjusting tubes here and there until she comes to the one laying at the base of my nostrils, feeding me oxygen.

"You, silly," she says, smiling at me all bubbly-like. "How are you feeling?"

I'm thoroughly confused and as I'm still trying to fully wake up, knowing that some kind of drug is trying to force itself the rest of the way out of my system, I realize that she really did just call me Miss Lancaster.

As if this isn't strange enough, the way the nurse leans away from me and looks toward an area of the room I still can't quite make out, the bright and bubbly smile dissolves completely from her face. I stare harder toward the shadowed area, letting my eyes focus, but still coming up short.

The nurse looks back at me and she's smiling again.

"I'll leave you to your family now," she says, patting my leg. She flicks the fluorescent light off that had been shining directly over my bed and exits the room.

I stare speechless at the door when it closes softly behind her. When I'm able to tear my eyes away, I look over to see Isaac standing on the other side of my bed.

"Isaac!" I start to get up from the bed, but he catches me before I'm sitting completely upright and gently pushes me back down.

"God, I am so sorry," he says and I can hear trembling in the back of his throat.

I still don't understand anything. Not what happened, or how I got here, or even where I am, but more than anything I want to understand what Isaac is sorry for. Why does he look so pained, struggling with everything in him to keep from breaking down in front of me?

"S-Sorry for what, Isaac?" I reach out my hand to him and he takes it, kissing the tops of my knuckles and then pressing the back of it to the side of his face. "Sorry for what?" I repeat softly.

"For putting you through this," he says, "and for letting it go on as long as it did and not telling you." He isn't struggling to say these words; they come out plainly and resolutely as though he has already gone through all of the reluctant motions beforehand.

"Putting me through what?" I look to and from his eyes and his hand holding mine, the way his thumb constantly brushes over my knuckles. "Isaac?"

He looks right at me, his gaze impenetrable. "Do you trust me?"

I want to ask him why he would even ask me that question but instead, I just nod a series of tiny, rapid nods.

He studies my face for a second longer, searching for the certainty of my words and then he nods as well, squeezing my hand a little tighter below.

Genna Bishop steps out of the shadows.

The blanket covering me crushes under the weight of my fist. I look between Isaac and Genna, finding no immediate explanations. I start to move from the bed again, but Isaac stops me again; the dressing tape over the IV in the top of my hand pinches my skin as I pull backward. The heart rate monitor starts beeping faster beside me.

"Isaac! She's in the room," I say, pointing, "The Praverian. She's behind you!"

His face remains calm and poignant and when he doesn't bother to turn and look, I know he's aware of her presence already.

My head snaps back to look only at Isaac for answers, but I keep Genna in my peripheral sight.

"She's here to help us," Isaac says and my face squeezes into an unbelieving knot.

"What?"

Genna steps closer, the shimmering blackness of her hair draping over her shoulders like silk, her sparkling emerald-colored eyes brilliant as she pushes her way through the shadow. "He's right," she says but I don't believe her. "I've been trying to help you all along."

I realize I've been shaking my head no, over and over, the closer she draws.

"Helping me?" I demand, my face twisted into outraging distrust. "Every time I've blacked-out, you've been there! You've been feeding from me!"

I pull my hand completely from Isaac and back myself against the head of the bed. The heart rate machine has reached ninety-six. Annoying little tubes dangle from both arms, preventing me from running out the door, but I'll rip them out if I have to. I'll rip them out.

"Isaac, what's going on?"

"You said you trust me," he says carefully, putting his hand up to stop Genna from coming any closer.

"I do, but...," I can hardly take my eyes off Genna for two seconds. "Why is she here and how can you see her?"

"She's allowing me to see her," he says. "Please, Adria, just calm down and let us tell you."

Genna keeps her distance. She moves to the end of the bed near the mounted television. This room is identical to the one my mom was in. Everything from the placement of the television and the restroom to my right, to the off-white color of the walls and the color of the bedding.

"Wait...how long have I...."

I can't do this anymore, sit here in a place I'm unsure of, unsure of what happened to put me here, unsure of how long I've been out and unsure if Genna had anything to do with it. I just can't do this.

Isaac reaches out for my hand again, waiting first perhaps to see if I'm going to push him away. But I can't. I need him right now. He's the only one in this room that I trust.

He pulls my hand up and kisses my fingers, softly shutting his eyes for a moment.

"You know I wouldn't be here with her if even a fraction of me thought she might hurt you."

I look across the room at Genna, cautiously studying her, the way she stands near the wall with her dainty hands resting at her sides, the way the corners of her eyes are soft and thoughtful. I remember the day with her in the library, the way everything seemed so surreal as if Genna and I didn't belong, but I'm not getting those strange feelings now.

My heart rate begins to slow and I turn my attention back to Isaac who sits so close to me that I can smell the natural scent of his skin and feel the warmth coming off of his body.

"I'm listening," I say.

Isaac breathes deeply and lets go of my hand, rising into a stand and pushing his hands down into his pockets.

"Ten hours ago," he begins, "I had been trying to call you; found out from Beverlee where you went after I couldn't get you on the phone. I was on my way to the airport when I got a call from Nathan." He glances briefly back at Genna. "He found Genna, and come to find out, talking her into not feeding from you wasn't even an issue-." Isaac stops abruptly, looking away from me and off toward the wall. I get the worst feeling from his sudden silence and the way his face reads, like he can't bear to finish the sentence.

Genna steps up then, nodding at Isaac with a look of understanding that I wish I could share and then she begins to speak.

"While I was with Nathan and Isaac, explaining everything to them, Isaac's phone rang and we all thought it was you. It was the hospital here in Georgia. Apparently, they called the last number you had dialed, trying to locate any of your family members. I hopped a plane with Isaac and here we are, your brother and sister, Genna and Isaac Lancaster."

I shake my head, confused.

"That was my doing," Genna says. "Right now you don't need your real family knowing what's happened to you. I manipulated the nurses taking care of you, to make them think you're someone else and Isaac and I are the only family members they needed to contact."

"But why?" I'm desperate for swifter answers, but as usual I seem to be learning more and more and nothing makes sense to me.

"Because what's wrong with you isn't something that any doctor can fix," Genna says carefully. I'm looking right at her, but I don't see her face as my mind is lost deeply in thought trying to piece these unfinished bits of information together to create something whole.

I feel the bed move as Genna sits on the edge next to me. I look up quickly, letting my mind clear and I start to recoil, but she puts her hands up in a surrendering fashion. "I'm not going to touch you. I promise. At least not unless you start freaking out and I have to calm you down."

I don't say anything. I just look at her, waiting for her to go on. Isaac is watching me, the pain and uncertainty in his eyes is unbearable to me, but I can't go into that yet. I need these answers.

"Wait...," I say as I grasp a sudden realization, "if you haven't been feeding from me then why have I been sick and blacking-out?"

The silence in the room is making my heart beat faster.

Genna takes a deep breath. "Because something else is causing it, Adria."

I swallow hard and look first into Isaac's eyes, but I look away when I feel the guilt start to stab me in the heart over and over again. I wipe the first tear away and hold back the rest for now, but I know that any minute a storm of tears are going to barrel from my eyes. Isaac knows about the Blood Bond now. I've never been so sure of anything in my life.

I wipe another tear away.

And another.

"I fed from you once," Genna says. "It was months ago when you were so distraught over your sister's betrayal. Your depression made you vulnerable to me, but when I took your essence that night, I felt something that I've never felt from a feeding before. I still don't know what it was, but I knew I had to watch you. I sensed that you're connected to us in some way." Genna never takes her eyes off me and as her words both comfort and scare me at the same time, I can't speak. I just listen. "Then one night, days after your time in Viktor's prison, I tried to feed from you again when you were vulnerable again, to see if I could understand your connection to us, maybe get a glimpse into your purpose, but I saw nothing. It was what I tasted that opened my eyes to grief, that made me need to help you more than I needed to use you for my own curiosities."

I feel my lips beginning to tremble. I can't look at Isaac now at all, but I sense that he's unable to look at me, either.

I stare down at my hands, which have been crushed into fists this whole time, as though Genna's words are the highest and scariest rollercoaster ride and I'm not strapped in properly.

"You already know...." Genna says softly, probably reading my mind.

I look back at her and I start to say something until I realize I don't know what it was that I was going to say. And then I finally look at Isaac and the tears start to stream. "Isaac...I am so sorry. I'm sorry I never told you."

His hands come out of his pockets and he moves over to me, a look of concern and of pain rests in his face.

Genna moves from the bed to let him take her place and he leans toward me, his hands cupping my cheeks and he kisses my forehead first before pulling back and holding both of my hands, his thumbs pressed softly against my palms. "God...Adria, you have absolutely nothing to apologize to me for." He's choking back his own tears and while I've never seen him this grief-stricken before, I can't get past my own grief and guilt and shame to tend to his. "Why would you think this is your fault? Baby, it's my fault. Only mine."

I shake my head no, tears burning the back of my throat. "Don't do that," I say, squeezing his hands now, "don't try to take the blame and turn it around on you where it doesn't belong, for my sake. Don't do that!"

He starts to speak, likely to defend his decision, but I stop him.

"I should've told you about Viktor," I say. "I never should've kept any of it from you. That he's still alive because Aramei's still alive...that I'm still alive." I rupture with sobs, my whole body shuddering uncontrollably. "I should've told you what he did to me, Isaac!"

He can't speak at all. His face has become frozen, unable to blink as he stares at me with shock and confusion. I wait for it, for him to let go of my hands and rise from the bed so that he can leave me sitting here in a pool of guilt. But he doesn't. He grips my hands tighter. I can't read his face, but I'm crying too hard to be able. I can't see through my own tears and I can't wipe them away because he's holding my hands so securely that I can't lift them. "I'm so sorry...," I say one last time, feeling my breath drain out of my lungs with heavy abandon.

"No...no," Isaac says, looking deeply into my eyes, "...Adria, Viktor didn't do this to you...I did."

23

I DON'T EVEN FEEL when my hands slip away from Isaac's. I can't hear my heartbeat, or hear my breath. The beeping machines next to my bed are muted. I see two pairs of eyes looking at me, but for what feels like an eternity, I can't actually see either of their faces. It seems that the world has stopped spinning on its axis. Time has stopped altogether and the only thing left moving anywhere is my subconscious, churning inside this vulnerable shell that is my body.

My gaze strays toward the bed and all that I can see are the patterns in the blanket, crisscrossing in and out of my vision.

"I bonded you to me the night we were attacked by Sibyl in the car," Isaac says, his voice straining and shuddering, but I still can't look at him. "It was my fault...I...it was because of me that the car flipped with you inside. Because I couldn't control my anger and my need to protect you. I couldn't wait a few seconds to get out of the car first, before I transformed." He's struggling to speak; the further he goes the deeper he sinks into the long-awaited truth.

And every word, every syllable, kills me that much more.

I have forgotten how to speak at all.

"A piece of metal," he goes on, "from some part of the wreckage, it went into your side. After I wounded Sibyl and the other one who was with her, I shifted back into my human form and went over to you. There was blood everywhere...I thought you were already dead." I sense him try to reach out to hold me, but absently, I refuse him. All I still see are the patterns in the blanket.

"I fed you my blood," he says, his voice trembling, "I couldn't let you die...and I knew Viktor was coming. I was too weak to protect you from him. I couldn't let-" He chokes down the emotions and I can tell he's not looking at me now. "I knew he would be the one to do it. If I didn't bond you to me...Viktor would have. It would've been the perfect opportunity for him. He wanted you all along, Adria...he would have done it if I hadn't."

All that I can see right now is that night. Me flipping inside the car. The bloody snow. My vision going in and out in some horrific sequence of events that never made sense to me until now. The strange dreamlike state I was in. Alex and me running through the field. Her telling me to drink the water from the creek. I know now what it all meant, what my subconscious mind was trying to decipher in the form of a dream. It was really Isaac and me running through that field together. It wasn't Alex who told me to drink from the creek. It was Isaac telling me to drink from him.

And the bloody death of that horse...that was me. That was my humanity dying as Isaac's blood coursed through my veins.

I pull slowly out of my deep thoughts, letting the images fade from my mind.

My eyes lock on his.

"I want you to leave," I say.

His tortured face locks up with my words. I want to hold him, to let him hold me, but I can't. Not this time.

"I mean it," I say softly, looking toward the window. "I want you to go."

I was wrong when I said it would hurt a thousand times worse whenever Isaac would disappoint or leave me.

There is no measure to this pain.

I can't look Isaac in his eyes, but I feel them all over me, desperately trying to force my gaze up to see him. But I don't look because it hurts too much. How could he have let me live like this for so long? How could he let me go through the transition and never let me drink from him?

I refuse to look at him even though his face is the only thing I want to see.

No one speaks. The room has become a permanent dwelling for silence and sorrow. Genna wants to speak, to say or do something to stop this from happening, but she doesn't.

Isaac looks at me one more time and finally I let his eyes capture mine, let them bore into me with one last plea even though his face is solid and holds no emotion itself. All of the emotion is in his eyes and it's devastating to me to witness it.

His gaze falls away and he walks out of the room.

Many long and quiet seconds pass and I don't look away from the place he last stood. Genna stays as quiet as before, letting me find myself from being lost in this moment.

I wipe all of the tears from my face and look at her.

"Help me get out of here," I say and I don't even wait for her to do anything as I reach up and pull the IV from my arm and then the one from the top of my hand. Blood pours from the perforations, soaking the hospital sheet beneath me in a thin, steady stream of crimson.

Genna is at my side now, pressing a wash cloth over my skin to stop the bleeding.

I climb out of the bed, feeling perfectly healthy and see my clothes sitting next to my purse and duffle bag in a chair, tied up in a plastic drawstring linen bag with the hospital's logo printed on it.

"Here," Genna says, taking my arm into her hand, "to stop the bleeding." She unwraps two Band-Aids and presses them firmly over the tiny bleeding holes.

After slipping on my clothes, I hoist my bags over my shoulder and swing open the door and leave the room, too.

I ride to my old house alone in the cab. I had left Genna standing at the front of the hospital. But I know she'll find her way to me, whether I want her anywhere near me, or not. She isn't human, after all. I doubt I could ever actually hide from someone like her.

I get out of the cab in front of my old house. It's early morning and the sun has yet to fully wake up, leaving the grassy landscape of the field and of the dirt road leading to the house in a haze of gray and orange and pink. The gravel and dirt grind under my shoes as I pass the mailboxes and walk along the weather-worn rusted fence. I see Mrs. Willis standing outside on her front porch, sweeping. She stops to watch me as my figure comes up the drive and when she notices who I am she raises her skeletal hand to wave at me.

I just keep walking, pushing my way through the yard and up the drive until I make it to the front of the house. It hasn't changed a bit. If anything, the dirty white paint has peeled away more and the rickety front steps look unsafe to walk on.

I gaze out at the field that surrounds the house and see how much taller the yellow grass has gotten. And then I see the lone tree in the distance, still full of leaves on its strong crawling branches that twist around the top to create a dome of protection. It's the king of the field, that tree. Somehow, I envy it. I stand here in front of the house looking out at how alive and free it is, at how no matter what goes on in the world around it, no one cares enough about that tree to disrupt its peaceful life. No one is going to march out there and cut it down, or force it into some sort of submission.

I used to be like that. In a sense.

I was once a girl with a giant field around me, so vast and protective, yet insignificant to the rest of the world. No one could hurt me way out there. No one would bother to waste their time walking such a distance just to tear me down.

I was untouchable.

I couldn't be hurt.

But not anymore.

I walk up the porch steps and drop my bags at the front door. Reaching out, I turn the knob and the door creaks open.

The house smells the same: that familiar scent of baby powder air freshener that my mom liked so much, the cigarette smoke lingering in Jeff's ashtrays, the gassy smell that always seeped from the old oven. The air is thick with heat as I make my way inside. The summertime temperature smothers any breezes that try to slip their way through any of the half-opened windows.

I go through the living room and down the hall, feeling the old floors creak and sink in spots under my steps. I don't go into Alex's room. I decide to leave that alone entirely. I push open my bedroom door, having to shoulder it as something is on the other side blocking it. When I get the door to open enough, I twist around it at the waist to look inside. It's no longer my room. I can't even see my bed. There are boxes piled high against the walls with Trent written in Sharpie across the sides. Trent's Shit. Trent's Magazines. Trent's Stuff - Keep Out.

My step-brother is as much of a bastard as Jeff.

I can't tell if Trent actually lives here now, or if he's just using my old room as a storage unit.

I leave the door half-open and go back into the living room where Jeff's empty beer cans are more obvious than my mom's knick-knacks. The DVD cabinet has been left open; DVD's lie scattered around on the stained rust-colored carpet. The old couch looks very much lived on; the outline of Jeff's head against the arm is still there from years and years of falling asleep on it and spending more hours out of the day on it than doing anything else.

Our pictures on the shelves are covered in dust. The one with me, my mom and Alex, taken at a portrait studio a year before Mom met Jeff, hangs crookedly.

But nothing about that is different, either.

I don't know what I came here looking for. Yes I do...I wanted to find something else painful, some other harrowing memory to drown out the pain I feel for Isaac.

But it's not working and I knew that it wouldn't.

I push open the front door and run outside, down the worn steps and away from the house. I run to the edge of the field and don't stop when the tall grass whips around my lower legs. I rush through it, forcing my trembling body out into the early morning light moving softly over the landscape. I run and run through the tall, wet grass and the tree gets closer. My chest heaves, searching for air not because I'm running so fast and so hard, but because the storm of tears is crushing my chest, suffocating all of my desperate breaths.

I trip once and almost fall, but catch myself and just keep running until I'm close enough to the tree to see the individual branches spreading out beneath the canopy of leaves.

And I let myself fall to my knees.

The legs of my jeans soak up water from the ground leaving my skin underneath to feel cool and grimy. I lean over, arching my back and press my opened hands against the earth, gripping whatever I can inside my crushing fists. My arms are mottled by dirt and brittle slivers of sun-ripened grass and moisture, but the only discomfort I feel is inside my chest, the uncontrollable sobs rattling every inch of my body.

My weight drops and I lurch forward, lying fully against the soaked ground. I can smell the dank moisture and water-soaked debris and I can feel something small and sharp poking me in the rib, but I don't care.

I don't look up at Genna when I feel her arm slip underneath me. And I don't care enough about that, either, to refuse or be cautious of why she's here and what she might want to do to me.

Genna pulls my trembling body against hers and she holds me there with her legs bent underneath, letting me cry softly into the thin fabric of her shirt. Her dainty fingers comb through my hair as I lay in her lap.

"It is a beautiful tree, isn't it?" she says, her words as soft as powder. "Not the way it sits there, but the way you see it sitting there."

She goes on:

"I have lived and witnessed others live a thousand lives, but the ones that I remember the most are the ones who chose to see the world in a different way." I feel her fingertip brush across my eyebrow and there's a smile in her voice when she says, "I'm a little disappointed that you aren't my Charge. I would've enjoyed listening to your thoughts every day, seeing the beautiful things that you see."

"I don't see anything beautiful, not in the way you make it sound," I say to myself, forgetting that she can actually hear my thoughts.

She brushes the backs of her fingers down the length of my cheekbone. "That's where you're wrong," she says aloud. "You see everything beautifully."

I don't understand her words or the meaning behind them, but I don't ask. They are completely ridiculous to me and I don't want to offend her blind philosophies.

"Come with me," she says going into a stand and helping me up with her. "I have a little more time to spend with you before I go back to my Charge." She takes my hand. "And I want to make the most of it."

I lay on my side against a comforter atop an incredibly hard hotel mattress, and I stare toward the giant window overlooking Athens. All I can see from the third floor is the gray sky covered by a blanket of thin clouds. The air conditioner hums to life under the window as the set seventy-degree temperature is threatened by the outside heat.

I don't care that I'm still in wet, filthy clothes, or that the poor housekeeper who will have to clean this room in the morning will have to lug the heavy less-often-washed comforter out with her this time. It smells like it was washed just yesterday.

I don't have the energy to worry about much anymore.

Genna is sitting at the little round table across from me with her legs pulled up onto the seat. The outside gray light leaves one side of her perfect oval face in a faint shadow, but always, her iridescent green eyes are obvious and brilliant and can never be obscured by anything dark.

"He has never been in love before," she says, but I don't look at her. "And I see that neither have you."

"Please," I say barely above a whisper, "I can't talk about Isaac." I shut my eyes softly for a moment because already they're starting to tingle. I don't want to cry anymore. I've cried so much that my head hurts and my sinuses feel abused.

"Okay," she says softly, but I get the feeling that she hasn't completely given in to my request. "Then let me tell you a little about me."

I look at her now, searching her face and I remember the things that Malachi told me. Malachi. The moment his name enters my mind, I see Genna's face shift from soft to wounded, and she raises her back, letting her shoulders fall slightly.

Her reaction catches me off-guard.

"I met him in Portland," I say, lifting from the bed so that I can see her clearly. "He told me some things about your kind."

Genna forces a small smile and I sense she's only doing it for me.

"What did he tell you?"

"Basic things about feeding and Charges," I say, "but nothing I really understood. He told me that you had stopped feeding from me-that's how I knew you were telling the truth back at the hospital, when you said you only fed from me once."

She nods once slowly.

I clear a breath. "This would be easier for me if you weren't reading my mind," I say. "I-I just feel like there's no point in having a conversation with you if you already know what I'm going to say."

Genna smiles. "You're right," she says, "I won't read it anymore."

I actually feel my mind get lighter all of a sudden.

I nod, thanking her and look toward the window before turning back to see her, quietly eager to hear more of what I have to say about Malachi. She had intended to tell me about her, but Malachi's name turned everything around, and that's okay.

Anything to keep her from talking about Isaac.

"Malachi thought I might be your Charge, but obviously not."

"No," she says, "you just happen to be someone I got tangled with-I'm still trying to figure it all out myself. We're a very engaging...collective, if you will. When we come across anything that appears different we have to investigate it."

"A collective?" I say. "What, like the Borg or something?"

She chortles. "Not quite. We can't read each other's minds-well, we can, but we can only see the human memories, never those of our true form-or even see each other in someone else's mind. In fact, we can't see each other at all, at least not for what we truly are. If I hadn't of fed from you to know otherwise, you could be one of us, right now, and I wouldn't know it unless you told me, which we never do."

"Yeah...," I think back to more of Malachi's words. "Malachi said it was forbidden to say what you are? Why?"

"Because we hunt each other," she says and I am totally taken aback by it. "We drink the essence of humans to keep us youthful, but we drink the essence-technically The Soul-from each other to gain power. Some call us Source Stealers; it is an accurate title, I guess." She looks upward in thought and then turns back to me. "Saying aloud our name, the word you use to label us-"

"Praverian."

She points at me. "Yes, that one-if I were to say it aloud, I would permanently reveal myself to every other one like me and eventually one of them would hunt me, drink my Soul and only then would I be truly dead."

"You're not immortal?"

"Oh yes," she says, nodding, "My kind are closer to immortality than any other being that walks this Earth. Each of us are A Soul. We're born into a human life just like you, we grow up and live out human lives the same way you do, not knowing what we are, until one day when we meet our Charge, we go through our Becoming. In a matter of hours, sometimes days, we understand who we are, we relive the hundreds, even thousands of lives that we've already lived in just a matter of seconds-it's very traumatic-and we come out of it knowing the course of our present life and for who we were awakened to protect."

"Your Charge?"

She nods and stands up from the table. She's wearing a thin, white long-sleeved top and I notice a silver necklace dangling from her neck, the pendant resting just below the second tiny button. I feel the silver chain of Isaac's necklace pressed against my skin, but I can't bear to look down at it.

"Unfortunately, we can die any way that you can, except for old age-as long as we feed, of course-and when one of us do happens to die, our soul is then reborn into another body and the cycle begins all over again."

"But...what about my soul? Is it not the same thing?"

She shakes her head. "No. Completely different. When you die, your soul passes on to wherever it is your souls go. Reincarnation only works with us. We're where the belief originated. We're older than religion."

I just stare at her blankly for a moment, trying to absorb this, but it's not something one can so easily do.

"Just how old are you then?" I'm already looking at her now in a sort of awe because it's like I know that whatever answer she gives me is going to blow my mind.

"I was a servant girl to the Roman Emperor you know as Caligula, in 38 AD."

A tiny gasp escapes my lips.

"Oh my God...."

"Fun times those were," she says with an air of sarcasm.

"Wasn't he like...the worst one?" My expression is misshapen horrifically just thinking about it.

Genna laughs. "That was one thing they got right in the history books, I'm afraid." She looks toward the wall now, crossing her arms. "I haven't been 'awake', per se, for very long in this life, but the one before this one...," she shakes her head solemnly and takes a breath, "Damn, I never thought that one would end-ninety years is too long to be in the body of a sociopath."

I don't know what to say.

"I actually met Isaac and his family when Isaac was six-years old." She leaves it at that, maybe hoping I might ask questions, but I don't.

The smile gradually fades from her face and she furthers things along. "How are you feeling?"

I look up from being lost in pictures trying to visualize her past. "I feel okay."

"Are you sure?" It seems she doesn't trust my judgment; maybe she knows something that I don't.

I nod. "Yeah...," Isaac's face appears in my mind and I want to say that, no I'm not okay, but I think that is precisely what she was referring to and I won't give in to her.

I get up from the bed and walk to the window to peer out beyond the gray sky. It looks like it might rain soon due to the early morning haze which still lingers in the atmosphere, but it'll probably burn off as the morning wears on.

I cross my arms over my stomach. "How much time do I have, Genna?" I can't look at her right now; not before she tells me because I'm afraid her face might reveal more of a devastating answer than the words she'll probably sugarcoat. I stare out at the cars moving back and forth through the four-way stoplight.

"You want the truth?"

"Yes," I lie.

"Not long," she says plainly, "two, maybe three months, but the effects of a Blood Bond are unpredictable. It could be tomorrow."

I turn around at the waist. "So then it could even be years then?"

Genna's eyes stray toward the double beds beside her, but then she looks back up at me. "Not in your case. I'm sorry."

I turn the rest of my body around so that my back is facing the window. "W-What's that supposed to mean?"

Her eyes lock on mine and I see grief within them, even more than I see the unnatural shining green.

"There is another reason why a Blood Bond is forbidden by any werewolf other than an Elder," she says, "one that has nothing to do with rank, laws or power."

She pauses as if to let me speak, but I just stare at her, waiting.

"Performed by a young werewolf," she goes on, "it wasn't meant to be done that way. Isaac's blood is not old enough to sustain you. You need his blood far more often than normal." She begins to pace the floor back and forth at the foot of the beds. She stops, looking across at me, her arms crossed as mine are. "Aramei, for instance, before she lost her mind, could go months without drinking Trajan's blood. And then after fifty years and her mind started to crumble, even then she could go without it for weeks at a time...but you...Adria, you need Isaac's blood every few days and it's only getting worse."

My hands have dropped to my sides. I start to say something, but all that comes out are a series of half-spoken syllables that don't even make sense to me, much less to Genna. I stare off at the wall, then the table where she sat and then the double beds, but I don't see anything.

"He's been feeding you his blood for seven months."

I look straight at Genna. I don't blink. I feel air drying the inside of my lips as they sit parted, unable to close.

"What?" I can finally get the words out. "How?"

My heart is crushing under the weight of this pain. All over again. I try to catch my breath, as if pressing my hands to my chest is going to accomplish that in some way.

"When you were unconscious," she says. "In the beginning, Isaac was almost as clueless about what was causing your episodes as you were. Adria, he had no idea. He didn't know that by him being so young, the Blood Bond would start taking your mind so soon."

I can't look at her still; my mind is trapped. "That must be why he thought I was getting sick because of you."

"Yes," she says softly. "The effects of a Blood Bond and the effects of our feeding are quite similar."

"I can't believe this...." My voice is distant; at first I didn't even realize I had said it aloud.

Genna walks over to me and places her hands on my shoulders. "Look at me, Adria," she says and slowly, painfully, I raise my eyes to her. "Overactive emotions of any kind, especially negative emotions, enhance-irritate-the effects of your bond. It's like pouring gasoline on a small fire. Emotions like what you're feeling right now," she shakes my shoulders gently so that I'll keep my eyes on her and try to comprehend her words of warning. "If you can't calm your emotions, you'll start to lose control. It can happen in many different ways, but the way it seems to always happen to you is everything that eventually leads to you blacking-out." She holds my chin in one hand and forces me to look at her. I never notice how often my eyes have strayed. "It's why I've been trying to help you. When I realized that you had been bonded and the unnatural severity of it, I only wanted to help, but over time, the worse you got, the more I realized just how bad it was. Not even my ability to control human emotions is strong enough to counter it."

I step away from her, causing her hands to fall from my shoulders. I'm not angry at Genna, I'm angry with myself.

"...He's been feeding me his blood." I say, more to myself at first, but then I look at Genna, my eyes filling with tears. "W-Why didn't he tell me?" My hands ball into fists at my sides and I reach up with both arms and press my fists against my ears. "Why didn't he tell me...?" I repeat in a devastatingly soft whisper.

I see each and every instance; every one of my episodes when I would black out and Isaac would be there when I woke up. In the house with Natasa, Isaac was the first set of eyes I saw when I opened mine. And when I woke up in the nurse's office at school, Isaac was sitting across from me. Earlier today, when I came to at Athens Regional, Isaac was there waiting for me in the room. And I see times even long before all of this, over the past seven months we've been together. I see the night he brought me home after rescuing me from Viktor. I replay the scene over in my head of when Isaac and I were in his bathroom, both of us covered in blood, me wanting to tend to his wounds even though they would heal easily on their own. I had passed out then too, and woke up the next morning with Isaac in the room with me.

Genna places her hands on mine and slowly eases them away from my ears. She interlocks our fingers. "There's nothing that I can say to you that will make anything better. Nothing. I won't be a part of what's left of your mind trying to prolong the inevitable-Look at me."

I do look at her with tears streaming down my face.

"Because it's wasteful to use what little time you have left on delusions." She squeezes my hands hard and it's almost as if I can read her thoughts now. I sense she's telling me these things with so much severity and devotion that maybe she's also saying them to herself. Maybe she needs me to right a wrong that in her own past, she could not.

I sniffle back a few tears. "There's nothing anyone can do to help me, is there?" I say.

She shakes her head and lets go of my hands. "No," she says carefully, "so don't use this time falsely hating Isaac for loving you so much."

Her words rip through me.

Genna walks away, gazing out the window now with her back to me. She seems lost in painful memories of her own.

"Malachi...he told me to tell you that he still loves you."

I see the faintest flicker of heartache tremble over Genna's features, but she's better at hiding heartache than I am.

"Who is Malachi?" I say softly.

"Someone I loved once," she says, still gazing out the window, "but that was a long time ago."

"Why can't you still love him?" I know she still does. She may be able to refrain from breaking down like me, but it's not so easy to hide love. But I go along, knowing that she doesn't want to talk about this as much as I didn't want to talk about Isaac.

"I just can't," she says, unfolding her arms and moving away from the window altogether. "We are the same. To be together would mean that one of us would ultimately kill the other." She walks toward the restroom and says, "It is the way things are-now get some sleep."

24

A LOUD POUNDING WAKES me from my sleep. "Housekeeping!" For a long moment, still with a series of blows on the door, I don't realize where I am. But the louder the knocks, the faster my head comes together. I'm almost used to time being stripped from my mind, so when I rise up from the hotel bed and realize that it's a new day and that Genna is gone, I just shake my head at all of it and walk over to open the door.

"Sorry, I'm just getting up," I say looking through the half-open door out at the housekeeper who scowls back at me. "I don't need any service, though. Thanks."

"Honey," she says in a slightly irritated voice, "it's past check-out and I need to get this room ready for the next inconsiderate over-sleeper who thinks that this is a luxury hotel." She blinks her eyes rapidly at me.

Somehow, I don't feel so bad anymore about how filthy I left the bedspread.

"Fine," I say. "Give me a few minutes and I'll be right out." I shut the door before giving her a chance to respond.

I stand in the center of the room for a moment, thinking about what I'm going to do, but my emotions are too conflicted right now to give in to what my heart is telling me.

I run my hands over my face and the top of my head. As I go to grab my bags, I notice something out of place sitting on the little round table by the window. A vial of blood, just like the ones they use to draw blood in the hospital, lies on its cylindrical side in the center of the table. Next to it lays a note, scribbled in Genna's handwriting that reads:

I take the vial into my hand and just stare at it before crushing my fingers around it. Grabbing my purse from the chair, I tuck the vial safely into an inside pocket and then shoulder it and my duffle bag before heading out the door.

The housekeeper, with her cart parked outside the room next to mine, sneers at me as I pass by.

"Thanks for giving me a minute," I say, regardless of her attitude. "Have a nice day."

"Umm hmm," she says, "you too."

I don't even know where I'm going and when I leave the hotel, I leave on foot. I check my cell phone once, noticing eleven voicemails, twenty-two missed calls and sixteen text messages, but I don't check any of them. I walk forever it feels like, with no destination until I eventually find myself in the park, staring across the pond and at the giant tree that used to be my thinking spot. I can almost see me and Alex sitting there underneath it the night our lives changed forever, as if I'm a ghost and watching my past unfold over and over again in some kind of lost soul loop.

A blue and red polka dot ball rolling across the grass in front of me pulls me out of my thoughts.

"Sorry, lady," I hear a tiny voice say and find it feels awkward to be called lady at seventeen.

I smile at the boy who crouches low against the ground to lift the ball into his hands. Absently, I watch him as he waddles back over to where a few other children play on the playground equipment.

And then I see Alex and me on the giant red slide. I'm at the top getting ready to go down and Alex is waiting at the bottom to catch me.

"Come on, Dria!" she shouts, banging her small hands on the hard slide plastic. "Don't be a chicken!"

I was always nervous going down that slide because it seemed so high. But Alex was always there to catch me, to stop me before I flew off the end and landed on my butt in the hot bed of pebbles.

I look away, wanting to forget.

All this time, since I left the hotel, I've been seeing Isaac's face in my mind. I've just been wanting to shut it out, to replace it with other things that apparently aren't making it any less painful.

Isaac is my life now. Not my mother and her self-abusing lifestyle and not my sister, who I guess in a way has fallen in my mother's footsteps.

As much as I am angry about what Isaac did, he means everything to me.

He gave everything up to save my life. He gave up his position as Alpha and he gave up his own life for breaking the Law and bonding me to him though he was forbidden to do it. If Trajan ever finds out about this, Trajan will have to kill him....

How could I let my anger blind me so coldly? Isaac made a decision, probably the hardest decision he's ever had to make, bonding me to him without my permission and sealing my fate. But Isaac was right. Viktor would have done it if Isaac hadn't. The very threads of my life could be in Viktor's hands right now.

What have I done?

I'm still mad as hell at him for not telling me. I still have this bitter taste in my mouth left over from seven months of trying to make myself believe that Viktor's disgusting blood wasn't running through my veins, keeping me alive. I still want to tell Isaac just how angry I am that I've tortured myself endlessly because of this; worrying about how he might feel about me once he found out that I was bonded by blood to his enemy. I want to scream at the top of my lungs and get it all out of my system.

But then I want to spend the rest of what time I have left with him, being with him.

Because I'm going to end it all before it's too late.

I won't live like Aramei. I won't. And with or without Isaac, I'm not going to.

I march quickly in the direction of the bicycle path and slip into the forest. It's so different during the day, with the sun high in the sky, spilling through the tops of the trees and pooling on the blacktop path beneath me in splotches. My steps get heavier as I walk faster until I'm almost running toward the place where Alex and I were attacked.

And I stop.

I hear the birds chirping in the trees and the wind combing through the branches. The air is humid in my lungs, but the cover of shade helps to tame the heat.

This is where my life changed forever. Right here on the bicycle path branching out in three different directions. I look at each one and wonder if we had run this or that way instead of through the trees, would things have been different? Would Alex have never been infected by Ashe that night if we did just one thing differently?

But then I realize...I never would have met Isaac otherwise.

When my flight lands in Augusta, it's raining. I know it must be around midnight. I catch another cab that drives me up the winding, dark streets toward Isaac's house and every bit of the way I think only of him. As the double yellow lines on the road slither in and out of my vision, I picture the day I first saw him sitting in the back of Damien's Jeep. I picture him at the skate park when I had my encounter with William and Ashe. Even then Isaac was watching out for me.

I think of the first time he spoke to me, the first time he touched me and the first time he kissed me.

And as the cab pulls to the end of the dark uphill driveway that leads to Isaac's house, I try to picture what Isaac is doing right now, but all I can see is the way he looked when I saw him last, when I tore out his heart.

It's pouring rain, but the cab driver doesn't want to get his car stuck in the treacherous muddy driveway, so I pay him and get out and walk the rest of the way up. I'm drenched by the time I make it around the bend to see the house in my line of sight sitting at the top of the hill with the old well toppled out front. I trek my way through mud puddles and finally make it to level ground. My wet clothes cling to my skin, my duffle bag feels ten pounds heavier saturated by the rain that continues to pound furiously on me. Even my leather purse is soaked but I don't care about anything right now except seeing Isaac again.

When I emerge from the blackness of the driveway and step in the subdued light funneling from the windows around the house, I see a figure sitting on the porch steps alone, his back arched over, his arms dangling between his legs, propped on his thighs at the elbows.

As if he senses me, Isaac looks up to see me standing in partial light.

I don't move. I just look across the driveway at him, letting the rain pummel me, feeling it cool my face and roll over my forehead and into my eyes. I taste it on my lips.

Isaac stares at me for a long, intense moment and then rises to his feet. He takes only one hesitant step forward and the rest of his steps become swift. In seconds he's standing in front of me, also drenched by the rain. He seems afraid to touch me, but I can see that it's the only thing he wants to do.

"You didn't even flinch...," I say, "when I told you that Viktor was still alive." My voice is forced over the loud pounding rain. "I'm so sorry...I'm so sorry for keeping it from you."

He starts to reach out for me, to take me into his arms like he has done so many times before, but I see his arms harden and he refrains.

I let my bags drop to the rain-soaked ground and I stand solidly looking up at him, feeling the pain in his heart. I too start to reach out for him, but decide against it, maybe for the same reason he had, though I'm not even sure what the reason is.

"I was selfish," I go on, my voice trembling, "I didn't even stop to think about what my lie did to you, I was so shocked and wounded by yours."

Once again, he starts to move toward me, but he doesn't. It's as if he's waiting for something, maybe for me to tell him that it's okay, that I want him to hold me. Or maybe he just wants me to say everything I want to say. I look him in the eyes, not letting my gaze weaken even for a moment. The rain washes continuously over my face, but not even it causes me to blink or look away from him.

I think because he isn't saying anything yet, that because I can't hear his soothing voice, it only makes me angrier.

I cry harder and pound my arms against his chest, letting it all out.

"You should've told me!" I wail, sobs quivering in my throat. "WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?"

He lets me hit him, over and over until I can't anymore and I fall against him, giving him the OK he had been waiting for all along.

Finally, he speaks:

"Because I wanted to spend the last of your days seeing your smiling face, not watching you let the pain of knowing what you'd become change you before the blood could change you." He grips my arms and pulls me away from him, staring deeply into my eyes with ferocity. "Because I was being selfish!"

My chest shudders, but I try to choke it down. My emotions are a whirlwind of chaos. I hear the rain beating against the ground and faint rumbles of thunder far off in the distance. My body starts to shiver from the chill in the air, but I force that down too. "This is how you knew...," I say softly, more to myself. "...You knew all along you couldn't hurt me because I was bonded to you." My head jerks up to look at him, my gaze burning into his angrily. "You knew, Isaac...."

Rain glides over his face as he stares into my eyes. He doesn't have to say a word because his face answers for him.

I scream at him over the rain, "You're just like him! You're just like your father!" Tears barrel from my eyes. I know my words hurt him, but I'm hurting so much that the only way to relieve my pain is to cut him deeper.

"Don't say that to me," Isaac growls. "Please...."

"Isaac...we could've gone through this together." I push his hands away again. "I've been going through it alone. ALONE, Isaac!"

"I CAN'T TAKE IT BACK!" Isaac roars.

"Would you if you could?" I say through my teeth, and he stops, stunned for a moment.

"No...," he says quietly, his face still permeated with anger and grief. "If it meant that you would die...I wouldn't take it back...."

The tears are burning my throat, but the shuddering of my chest subsides.

I see his jawline harden as if he's gritting his teeth. His gaze bores into me, unrelenting, and finally he crushes his mouth against mine and lifts me up into his arms, carrying me across the yard with my legs wrapped around his waist, and then up the steps without breaking the kiss once. I hear the front door swing open, smashing into the inside wall and he kisses me all the way up the stairs, only breaking it long enough to let me breathe and to get us up the stairs safely.

We crash into his bedroom and I feel him kick the door closed with his foot. My back presses into the wall as he pins me against it with one arm holding me from the bottom. His kiss becomes harder, more aggressive, but I want it that way and he knows it. Isaac lifts my arms above me, peeling off my wet shirt and tossing it across the room. He buries his face in my neck, moaning against my skin; I feel the hairs rise on my arms when his tongue traces along my collarbone and the bare skin above my br**sts. My fingers claw across his ribs and his back as I fight to tear his shirt off. I get it above his six-pack and then he reaches up and rips it off the rest of the way for me.

With his tongue tangled in mine, he pulls my body away from the wall. I feel both hands slip underneath me, carrying me across the room where he throws me onto the bed. The warm weight of his body presses against mine; rainwater runs down his chest and shoulders. It drips from the tips of his hair onto me as he lies on top of me.

I don't even think about it when I reach down and fumble the button on his jeans. He does the same, peeling mine off first before letting me get his zipper down. Without ever moving his lips from mine, he manages to get his pants off.

I'm trembling, every inch of my body shaking inside when I feel him through his boxers as he presses against me.

He looks down at me and whispers, "I have to know...are you okay?"

I touch his lips with my fingertips, searching his face with my eyes. He kisses my fingers, gently licking the tips of them. "I drank you before I got here," I say staring up at him. I pull him back toward me, taking him into another kiss, squeezing his body between my shaking thighs.

I feel his hand move between us, his fingers slipping behind the waist of my panties as he slips one side down and then the other seconds afterwards. I don't even notice when he gets his boxers off. I gasp when his fingers slide in-between my legs and he touches me. My back arches, my chest lifting gently toward his and the longer his fingers move the more I feel my body urging to pull away, but he holds me in place.

He kisses me once more as he moves his hand away, letting his wet lips linger on mine for a long moment before looking down into my eyes and hesitates.

When I don't back off, I feel him inside of me.

I inhale a hard and tremulous breath and my eyelids fall heavily. My thighs are shaking, every inch of my body quivering. I can't open my eyes. I want to, but they're too heavy with heat. He crushes his mouth over mine and I feel his moans in my throat. I push my body farther into his, wrapping my arms around his back, feeling his sweat under my fingernails as I drag them firmly down his moist skin.

He moans hungrily against my mouth until he pulls away and buries his head in my shoulder, pushing himself deeper between my legs. Tiny gasps escape my lips, over and over. My hands grip the back of his head, my fingers dig deeply into his dark, wet hair.

I hear a distinctive growl reverberate through his chest, through his entire body and I know, just like three months ago, what it means, what he's becoming. Breathing fast and heavy, I reach up to feel his hand and let the sharpness of one claw barely graze my skin, but not enough to cut it.

I feel his body ease, struggling with himself, fighting against the transition into his mediate form.

I reach up with both of my hands and lift his head so that he'll look at me. He resists at first keeping his head down, the rainwater and sweat soaking his hair and my fingers. "Isaac, look at me," I whisper soft and forcibly. "I want to see your eyes."

He shakes his head no in my hands and I can hear the denial in a low series of growls. I crush his body between my thighs when I feel him stop and he doesn't try to pull away.

Pulling his head two more inches down to me, I plant my lips against his forehead and through his disheveled wet hair, my palms still trying to force him to face me. "Please...."

Slowly, Isaac raises his black eyes, but not without reluctance. His lips are slightly parted, but I can see his sharp teeth barely piercing the top layer of flesh on his bottom lip. Little blue-black veins have spread across and down his cheekbones from both corners of his eyes.

He is frighteningly beautiful.

His lips are inches from mine. I touch them with my fingertips and he gazes down at me with a look of conjecture. The rain pounds harder against the roof. I hear it draining and trickling through the gutters. I hear Isaac's softened growls as he tames the beast inside. The heat coming off his body is almost unbearable now, but I press my body into his until I can't anymore. "You have to infect me," I say; each word so balanced and sincere.

Isaac's weight starts to lift from mine, but I pull him closer, digging my fingernails into his back, tightening my legs around him to hold him in place.

He gives in to me, letting me hold him down, only because of the soft look of resolution in my eyes.

"No...." He shakes his head twice. "No."

"You have to, Isaac." I reach up and brush the very edge of my fingertip across the skin under his eye, feeling the tiny raised veins. "I won't be like Aramei...you knew I wouldn't. Isaac...you have to do this for me."

Finally, he lifts up, but I latch onto him, forcing my hands around the back of his neck, my legs stay wrapped tightly around his waist. He sits up on his knees in the center of the bed with me, refusing to look at me, shaking his head no over and over again.

I won't let go.

I follow his eyes no matter where they wander, forcing him to stay with me, to look at me and never look away. "My sister lived through it," I say. "You heard what your father said, Isaac. He said that because my sister survived, the chances are I probably will too."

"Chances aren't certain, Adria!" The infernal growl in his angry words shocks me, but I don't give in.

I grab his face in my hands again, forcing his gaze. "It's enough for me," I say, "Isaac look at me!" My fingers are pressing harshly against his cheeks and temples.

He stares painfully at me, giving me what I want, but not without letting me see the absolute pain and conflict in his face, of what I'm asking him to do.

"No!" he says and his whole body shudders. "You promised you'd never ask this of me!"

I grab his face in my hands even tighter and stare intensely into his churning black eyes. "And you promised you'd never leave me to Aramei's fate...."

My words rip through him, tightening the pain in his face into something much more heartbreaking, but still he refuses. He shakes his head over and over, turning his eyes downward and trying to push me away, still conflicted by also wanting me here.

My body tightens with anger. "YOU TOOK MY CHOICE AWAY! THIS IS THE ONLY CHOICE I HAVE LEFT!" I never wanted to blame him and I know that it's not his fault, that he did nothing wrong, but my desperation is making me say things that I would never otherwise say.

Becoming what he is, is my only chance at any kind of life.

"This is my choice, Isaac...while I'm still capable of making my own choices...while I'm still the one in control." I lower my voice to a whisper. "I would rather die than live a life incapable of thought and of happiness. To live a life incapable of love...Isaac, I choose to risk it because I want to love you for as long as I can...."

His frightening black eyes glare back at me with so much grief, but I see something else in his eyes, too. I see the undeniable guilt of knowing that what I say is true.

Moisture forms around his solid black eyes and tears stream down his wounded face. I feel his clawed hands on my back, pulling me deeper into his chest. I lay my head against him, listening to his heart hammer through his body so fast and so hard that it scares me. Tears gush from my eyes and my whole body shakes from determination and fear. Fear of living the rest of my life devoid of thought and emotion and love. Fear of him not giving me what I want, yet fear of him giving in and making me what he is. Fear of not living through it and cutting my time with him even shorter than the blood might have given me.

I hate fear. It's just another form of death.

Isaac's chest shudders with tears and anger and self-torture. His arms tighten around me so hard that I struggle to find my breath. His skin is so hot now that it burns me.

"Tell me that you'll never hate me for this, Adria!" he says; the words trembling on his lips, his head pressed into my hair. "PROMISE ME!" His arms nearly crush me.

"I will never hate you for this, or for anything. I will love you forever...."

I shut my eyes as I feel his claws dig into my back and I try to bite back the pain.

But I can't. I scream out in agony, wrapping my arms and legs tighter around Isaac's body, using his flesh as a means to filter the pain somewhere else.

I scream out one more time and so does Isaac; a heartrending bellow that echoes infinitely through the darkness.

ISAAC

25

ADRIA WAS GONE WHEN I woke up. Sometime, in the early morning hours of June 21st, she slipped out my bed and out of my life. I can no longer smell the scent of her hair, or her skin lingering on my sheets. I can't even taste her in my mouth even though I try. The only evidence that she had ever been here was the necklace that I gave her lying on the pillow, and this torturous, burning hole in my chest where my heart used to be. The link I once had with her through my blood is also gone. I can't feel her emotions anymore. I can't see a glimpse into her life through her eyes as I was able to do on occasion throughout the seven months she had been bonded to me.

I knew she could feel me at times, too, that she could see through my eyes never knowing how it was possible, or if it was real. But I could never tell her. I could never let her know what I did to her or that because of our link, I knew about Viktor Vargas all along...at least...I knew about him being alive.

Nothing could have prepared me to learn the truth about Aramei and my father....

I knew that Adria didn't keep the truth from me to save herself, to secure her place in my heart. No, she kept the truth from me to save me, my feelings about my father and his unremitting betrayal. Adria's fears of being bonded to Viktor had little to do with how she felt. Because she knew deep down that it never would have made me love her less.

She was punishing herself for keeping me in the dark about Viktor being alive. I just wish I could've seen that long before I did, because I would have told her everything much sooner to spare her that guilt.

Submissive to guilt. I heard her say that once. But I never fully understood the way it affected her, until now. Adria lived a lifetime of pain and grief and injustice in just the few short years of her young life. There were things that happened to her as a child that I would never speak aloud and that she never told me. And when someone grows up knowing so little of what real love feels like, whether from family, or friends, or the love of a companion, that person starts to believe that they weren't meant to be loved, that good things will never happen to them. They start to believe that whenever something good does happen, it's inevitable that something bad will come along to replace it.

But she never complained. Adria never once cried on my shoulder about how life treated her. In fact, she often talked about how good her life was and that she was lucky she didn't have to face some of the hardships that other people face.

She never complained.

And sometimes, it pissed me off, because she had every right to.

Adria didn't deserve what happened to her the night she almost died in that car wreck. I did the only thing I thought I could do by feeding her my blood and hoping that it was enough and that I wasn't too late. I may have only saved her for a little while, but I wanted to give her that chance to live. I had no idea that me being so young would cause the effects of the blood to happen faster. Genna told me this on the way to Georgia. I never would've thought...Yet another way that my father betrayed me.

But she didn't deserve any of it, not the attack, or the Blood Bond, or the months she spent worrying about me. She didn't deserve to be forced to make a fateful decision that I knew she would honor. And seven days ago, when I last held her in my arms and listened to her implore that I infect her, I knew if I didn't that the alternative was...well, I couldn't let that happen.

"Isaac," Daisy says gently from the door of my bedroom, "They're ready for you now."

I sit on the edge of the bed, looking down at Adria's necklace draped over my fingers like I've done every day since she left. And I put the symbolic pendant to my lips and shut my eyes, reliving the memory of her face before placing the necklace back in the box on my nightstand.

My beautiful English sister watches me from the door, always worrying about me even though Harry went missing the same morning that Adria did. None of us knows what to make of it, and none of us can find any evidence that they may have left together. But one thing is for certain: two of us are brokenhearted. Daisy and I have grown closer as brother and sister in just a week than any of my brothers and sisters have in all of our years together.

Except maybe for Nathan, but the reasons for mine and Daisy's newfound closeness are different.

And I try to find some humor in all of this by admitting to myself that Daisy is stronger than I could ever be. I don't know if it's the nature of a female werewolf, who are often more powerful than the males, or if she was just born that way, able to keep a straight face when someone lets it slip that Harry might not even be alive.

I put a hole in the downstairs wall when someone said that about Adria.

"I don't want you to do this," Daisy says, her face downcast.

She walks over and sits next to me on the edge of my bed. I don't look up. I continue to stare downward at the floor, my arms suspended between my legs.

"Are you doing it for yourself?" Daisy says, "Or, are you doing it for her?"

She goes on when I don't answer.

"Isaac, she wouldn't want this," she says with heartache in her voice. "Not if she knew...."

"You're right," I say, finally lifting my head to see her. "No, she wouldn't, but I think it's time for a change, Daisy. And that's something she would want. It's something that I want...."

"It's brutal," she says, shaking her head and crossing her arms. "I can't bare it...and you can't change it. Not as long as Father is alive."

I sit quietly for a moment, looking at my sister with silent resolve. "Then this is the first step toward ending his reign."

Daisy's face is assailed by trepidation; her eyes dart toward the door as if fearful someone might've heard my blasphemous admission, but her head never moves.

"Oh no...no Isaac, you can't." She reaches up a hand and rests it on my shoulder. "No one has ever...Isaac; no one has attempted it since Viktor. It's suicide...."

"I don't fear death," I say. "I fear a life of imprisonment and as long as he lives, this cycle will never end. We'll always be under his foot and more of our blood, our brothers and sisters; they'll die because they aren't strong enough."

"Isaac-"

"They'll continue to die whether by his hand or on his orders and they will never be given a choice."

I look away from her now and stare out ahead of me.

"A choice is a valuable thing, Daisy," I say, thinking of Adria. "And I intend to take ours back."

"What if you die?" she says. "Then you can't take back anything."

"If I live through today, then I'll know I'm strong enough to go on with my plan."

I stand up from the bed, dressed in my finest ceremonial clothes: black Armani suit, white shirt and black tie. I wear my father's six hundred year-old ring, pure gold encrusted with six onyx stones and the Prvovencani crest. On my upcoming twentieth birthday, July 20th, my age Abating will begin.

Today, I become Alpha.

The house has been cleared of all half-breeds and werewolves of no rank. All that remains are my brothers and sisters, the Governess, who aside from my father taught me everything I know, thirty members of the Elder Council, and my father, Lord General Vukasin Prvovencani.

I take the stairs slowly, my hands folded in front, lying against my pelvis so that the ring can be fully seen as I enter the room. I keep my chin raised, for if to lower it at all during the ceremony, I disgrace my father's Lineage and he will kill me where I stand.

This ceremony is different than Seth's was. Seth was given a lower-ranking Alpha position under my father. My advancement, like Nathan's, has always been predetermined and makes me right-hand to my father. The only thing standing between he and I that would make me his equal is his life. I will be tonight just as my father was to his before he killed him and took control of everything.

Daisy joins my brothers and sisters away from the center of the room where my father and the Elders stand waiting for me. The Elders bow only their heads as I appear before them.

Of course, I keep my chin high.

"Are you prepared to face your fate and assume your position as Alpha?" my father says, standing in the center of the room in all of his dominant glory. His hands are folded just as mine are, his chin always two inches higher than anyone else's. He wears a long black leather coat split down the sides.

"Yes, Milord."

I am afraid; only a mindless fool wouldn't be. We've only ever heard stories of this ceremony growing up. I have nine more brothers other than those who have lived in this house with me. Most of them I have never met, but the only one left alive is Andrei.

Five of the others died during this very ceremony, all of them on the end of my father's sword.

I suppose that if Adria ever knew about this detail, things might be different. But it would not change my mind about wanting to change it, to set in motion a new era that has been unchanged since before my father became Lord General more than six centuries ago.

I take two more steps forward, chin high, and I raise my hands out to my sides. Two Elders, both tall with slicked-back brown hair, come on each side of me and rip open my suit jacket and shirt to expose my bare chest.

I don't have to look to know that all of my brothers and sisters stand watching in restrained, terrified shock. We are connected in this way, able to feel one another's most tumultuous emotions. Daisy can barely stand. I can feel her heart breaking, the absolute fear tearing it in half. I feel her tears just below the surface, but she knows she cannot outwardly show emotion during this ceremony in front of our father. And Nathan, he holds his emotions well, but I know that if I die tonight that he and my father will become mortal enemies.

I wonder if my father knows how he feels, or if my father feels nothing, because he shut our link off to him many years ago.

His link to Aramei was all that he could handle.

Another Elder breaks the perfect oval-shaped line and steps into the center of the room holding my father's sword carefully in his hands. He bows to my father at the waist, holding the sword out for him to take.

I shut my eyes.

I think of Adria. I let my mind wander through that life I had with her and still hope to have again one day. I dream of her face, the tiny freckles that I loved so much and she hated. I dream of the way she used to smile and how her laugh sometimes made me laugh because it sounded like an evil, giggling child. I picture the way she walked, the way she ran and the way her body felt so delicate and light when I held her in my arms. I think only of her because if I'm going to die, her face is the last thing that I want to see.

Pure silver rips through the center of my chest and I see Adria's life flash before my eyes. The pain is so intense that it alone I know might kill me.

I gasp for air. My body slumps over onto the floor. Blood spews from my mouth, pours from my chest into a pool beneath my body. I can't open my eyes. I can't.

I feel the life draining out of me, the silver burning through my veins, hot like lava. And just before everything goes black, I hear my father's voice whispering in my ear: "You will survive this, my son. I know this because we are alike, you and I. I've known about your Blood Bond since the night you performed it, but I could never kill you. I could never kill you...."

I think I'm dead...It's strangely peaceful here. Wherever I am. I can't tell if my eyes are open or shut. I hear nothing. Taste nothing. Smell nothing. But I feel everything...My body has become a shell for emotions and they're all swirling around inside of me.

All except for fear. I'm not afraid of the Unknown.

This is the Unknown....

I'm starting to see things. Wispy coils of light, different shades of white: ivory, bone, ecru. But...maybe I don't have eyes. I can't actually see the coils, not with eyes. I-I don't understand....

I'm convinced that I'm dead. Nothing in life can be this calm. Nothing. The senses don't exist here, but my mind hasn't changed. I still have this unending need to know what's happening to me, to be able to understand my fate.

If I am dead then why do I care? Why am I starting to feel anxious. Closed-in. Trapped.

Is this my Hell?

I can't wake up from this. I'm starting to feel frightened. The peace and the calm and the light that I somehow see, they're all becoming something darker.

I must be in Hell.

Heaven could never be like this, not any Heaven I've ever heard of.

Is that sweat?

I think I'm sweating. How can this be real?

Just let me die. Either bring me back, or let me die...

Blackness. All I see is blackness.

My eyes have finally opened. I think. I feel a soft hand on my forehead. Warmth. Wetness.

"Just sleep," I hear Daisy's voice somewhere above me.

I'm still connected to her and I know those emotions. She's afraid I'm going to die. She's convinced of it.

I'm going to sleep now. My mind is disciplined. I can do this; I can push this enigmatic nightmare into obedience and allow myself to sleep. Even if it's my final sleep. I have to let go.

26

WATER DRIPS CONTINUOUSLY FROM the bathtub across the hall, hammering through my brain. Slowly I wake up fully, allowing my eyes to adjust, forcing my keen sense of hearing down to relieve the throbbing in my head. The pounding sound of water droplets fades from my ears.

For the past five days the only ones allowed in the house while I heal have been me and Daisy and occasionally, the Governess. I've not been awake for most of it. A wound like this, one that kills more often than not, doesn't heal as well on its own. Not like other wounds I've sustained. For the first two days while awake, I couldn't move my back, much less bathe myself or lift my hand to eat. Daisy has been at my bedside most of the time.

Slowly, the house has been coming alive again. Nathan and my other brothers and sisters are home. Zia and Sebastian just walked in. I can hear Zia's voice coming up the stairs.

I wonder if she was drilled before coming here, if she and Sebastian know how to address me now that I'm Alpha.

This should be fun.

I rise up from the bed and slip on my robe and stand near the window, peering out at the sunlight washing over the tops the trees.

My bedroom door opens.

Strike one. She didn't knock, as usual.

I don't turn around yet. I'm waiting to see how many strikes she has in her.

"Hey, Isaac-well, you seem better," Zia says from the doorway. "Physically anyway."

Strike two. She didn't address me as Lord.

I hear my bed squeak as she plops down on it. "Any word on Harry?" She doesn't want to bring up anything about Adria for obvious reasons.

Strike three. Absolutely no respect.

I turn around fully, my back straight and proper, my hands folded in front. My face shows only one emotion, easily distinguished by Zia as she swallows and carefully gets up from my bed without the usual spring in her step.

She goes into a deep bow so that I can only see the top of her white-blond hair.

I flash Sebastian a grin before Zia raises her back again.

"Forgive me, Milord."

I can definitely get used to this.

Finally, I let the smile slowly creep up on my face and when Zia realizes she's been had, she runs over, squealing out a laugh and pushes me in the chest. "You jerk!"

I try to keep the smile on my face, because really, more than anything it was another unsuccessful attempt to take my mind off things.

Nothing is ever going to make this better.

"I need to get dressed, if you don't mind," I say with no emotion in my voice.

"Oh, Isaac," Zia says sympathetically, "Maybe she-"

"Stop," I interrupt softly, "Not right now, alright?"

A faint smile softens her eyes. "Alright," she says. She smiles brighter, walking over to Sebastian still standing in the doorway. "We'll be downstairs if you need anything-hell, you're Alpha now, so I guess all you have to do is ring a bell and we're all supposed to come running, right?" She looks around the room. "Didja' get a bell?"

She puts up her hands, "Alright, alright, we'll let you get dressed."

Things are changing in our pack. Now that I'm Alpha here in the States, Nathan will be going back to Serbia to be right-hand to my father there. No doubt, Natasa will be unhappy about this since Seth will not have the opportunity to prove himself right-hand material anymore.

Our politics are...complicated.

I began my training-battle as well as politics-before I could speak. My father's legacy is without a doubt brutal and revered. I know our ways better than I know just about anything, but the one law we were never permitted to know in full detail was the one concerning the Blood Bond. On the third night of my healing after becoming Alpha, the Governess came into my room and explained everything. A little late, yes, but nothing I can do about that now. According to our history, which stretches back more than three thousand years, there has only ever been four Blood Bonds recorded. Adria is not counted among them. Not yet. And Aramei...she has outlived them all.

If only Adria could've had the same luxury and was able to be Adria for longer than a few months.

I can't stand this anymore. Not knowing where she is, if she's even alive.

The one thing I do know is that already I fear that if Adria dies or I find out that she already has...I worry I will rule just like my father. I can already feel the dark, pitiless walls starting to surround my mind, closing in on me and my more tolerant nature.

Adria's death will threaten to be the death of me, of the Isaac Mayfair I grew up to be despite my father's iron fist.

But I know I'll have to fight it...for her sake. It will be a struggle not to become like my father, but with my plans to change the laws of our kind, to be a beginning for a new age, I'll have to let the death of the one I love make me stronger, not weaker.

It will be hard, but I have to fight it.

I head down the stairs to the faces of my siblings, a few friends and the Governess, who is always lingering in the shadows like an old crone. And despite Zia knowing that I'm not going to treat them as my father would, still everyone bows to me as if they are all seeing me for the first time.

I kind of hate it, really. To screw with Zia's head, sure, it's perfect, but in general it feels awkward.

"Come on, guys," I say coming off the last step, "I'm not ready for the formalities yet."

"Get used to it, little brother," Nathan says falling into the comfort of the couch with Hannah beside him. "Eat it up while you can that I'm bowing to you at all-won't last long." He grins at me from across the room, tossing his arm around Hannah.

Funny how I became an Alpha before Nathan, but then everything has turned out quite differently than any of us expected.

The Governess, wearing her usual blue-black robe, which covers everything from the neck down except her hands and her bare feet, steps up to me. She's nearly as old as my father, but not nearly as powerful regardless of being a six hundred year-old female werewolf.

She bows low at the waist. "Milord, if you permit, I shall leave for New York within the hour." Her words are always balanced, never revealing emotion. The Governess' are the epitome of discipline.

I nod half-way and speak to her unlike I will my friends. "You are dismissed, Governess. I need nothing further from your studies."

It shocks me some, how natural that felt.

The Governess bows lowly, taking two steps backward before turning on her heels and leaving through the foyer.

Once the Governess is out of the room, everyone else feels they can be themselves again. Other than me, only Nathan can be without fear around her. She can't touch us, but to them, she can and will show her powerful side if she's ever disrespected. She is an Elder, after all.

It isn't supposed to be this way, my Ascension as Alpha. I always imagined feeling proud and doing what all new Alphas do by immersing themselves in their honorable duties, setting forth new laws and upholding old laws. I'm supposed to be making my father proud by taking charge without guidance or prompt and making my pack my own, entitling new ranks and creating my own legion of werewolves that will help establish my leadership.

But I can't do any of that yet.

Not until I know what's happened to Adria.

I don't even know why I came downstairs; maybe I just needed the company. I'm almost fully healed now. Being alone in my room for nearly two weeks has put a serious black cloud over my head.

"Beverlee and Carl Dawson," Zia says to all of us, though avoiding my eyes, "they still haven't seen or heard from Adria."

I grit my teeth. I can't bear to talk about her, but I don't tell Zia to stop. I need to hear it, regardless.

"Do you think they're telling the truth?" Daisy says from beside me. I feel her gentle hand touch the back of my arm in attempt to offer comfort.

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure," Zia goes on. "They're still really messed up about it and it's hard to fake that kind of devastation." She adds looking over, "Might as well let them in on it, or put them out of their misery."

"Zia," Nathan says from the couch, "this really isn't the time."

She has always been outspoken, but even I had to agree with my brother on this one.

Zia sighs heavily and holds out her hands to us, palms up. "When will it be, Nathan? Adria's gone. Harry's gone. You don't find that a little f**king odd?" Her tone is becoming sharp.

Nathan stands up, letting Hannah's hand fall away from his thigh. "I said...this isn't the time."

"No, it's alright," I say, stepping up, "at least, for me it is." I gaze to my side at Daisy, indicating that I'm not speaking for the both of us.

"I'm okay with it, too," Daisy says. "It needs to be discussed."

"Well, it's weird to me," Zia says. "I hate to say it, but they're both human and they were best friends-maybe they just got tired of this life, that it was too much for them. I mean, if it were me, I'd probably stay freaked-out for a while, too."

I feel Daisy's eyes on me and I glance back at her briefly, letting her know that it's probably time I tell everybody the truth about what happened.

Nathan knew all along that I had bonded Adria to me-he was the only one I told-but right now, only Daisy knows what happened the last time I saw Adria.

I walk over to stand near the fireplace and I look up at the portrait of Aramei and my father, but my mind replaces their faces with two faces closer to home.

"Adria's no longer human," I say with my back to the room, "if she's even still alive."

"What?" Zia's mouth is on the floor by the sound of her voice.

I sense Nathan walking toward me. "Oh damn, Isaac, what did you do?"

I turn sharply at the waist in reaction to his words, at first feeling the sting of thinking he is reprimanding me, until I realize my defensive reaction is more in reply to my own guilt.

"She wanted it," I say looking at Nathan, but seeing right past him. I inhale a deep breath and run my hand over the top of my head. "I would never have gone through with it, but the Blood Bond was killing her fast and she wasn't going to allow herself to live like Aramei."

"Ho-ly shit," Zia says, plopping into the nearby recliner, her eyes staring out ahead of her. She looks up at me. "You bonded her to you?"

"Yes," I say simply, "but that's one thing I won't talk about anymore, so drop it. And I mean it." In this case, I will use my authority. What's done is done and the Blood Bond isn't anything that can be changed.

Not anymore.

Zia fully accepts my demand and looks away again, though completely devoid of her usual defiant sneers or comments that make Zia, Zia.

"I'm worried about her, Nathan," I say, seeing his face now, searching for some kind of encouragement that only an older brother might be able to give. "I know that a Sire and his fledgling have an emotional bond and can communicate telepathically, but Nathan...I don't feel or hear anything."

"She hasn't Turned her first time yet," Nathan says, "and that link we have with our fledglings can't be made until after that first time. Or-" Nathan looks away from me now. "Or, she's already dead."

I fight back the storm of emotions that are suddenly assailing me.

"I know...," I say with exasperation, "I just-." I let out another heavy breath. I already knew this information of course; I know more about our ways and our politics than just about anything, but I was only looking for some other reason why I may not be able to feel her. Maybe, like the Blood Bond, I hadn't been told everything.

But I know I'm fooling myself.

"Well," Zia says, her legs dangling over the arm of the recliner, "you have to admit that wherever Adria is, Harry knows about it and is probably with her. That fact couldn't be any more plainly obvious."

My sister, Camilla, raises her hand as if she's in school and waits for me give her permission to speak. She's the most submissive of my sisters and so it doesn't surprise me.

I nod to her.

"I think Adria is strong enough," she says in a yielding voice and when I don't reprimand her, she seems more confident about speaking. In fact, she stands from the chair so that she has everyone's attention. "I believe she is alive. She has always put off a certain energy and I still feel that energy."

Camilla, I referred to her once as the 'weird sister', and that still holds merit because she does odd things that humans do and werewolves don't have to: eats healthy food, meditates and does Yoga. But one thing about Camilla, being a female werewolf, she has a much stronger ability to sense the emotions and life-force of others than even I do being connected to Adria.

Her words give me hope.

There's a knock at the door, which takes me out of my thoughts. No one ever knocks around this place; any company we ever get is brought by those who live here.

All of us look at each other for a moment, sharing the same thought.

"I'll get it," Daisy says.

She walks through the foyer and I see the fading sunlight fill the dark area when Daisy opens the door.

I hear their voices, but the only one I'm interested in is the one I've never heard before. It's very faint and even with my keen sense of hearing it's still hard to make out his words.

After a few seconds, Daisy shuts the front door and appears standing at the foyer entrance; clearly there is someone else behind her, but too tucked away in the darkness to be seen.

"Come on in," she urges, and a young man, softer-looking and more petite than my brother's girlfriend, Hannah, steps out. "This is Isaac," Daisy holds out her hand to indicate me.

The young man bows his head, which I find a little weird because I have no idea who he is and I know he's not a werewolf. He lifts his eyes to me, full of submission and obviously, fear.

"May I speak with you alone?" His voice is as soft as his exterior.

I glance at Daisy first and then at Nathan, who still stands beside me.

"Sure," I say walking toward him.

I follow the boy outside, shutting the door behind me, but when I stay on the porch, he seems hesitant. His small eyes wander around, toward the windows and the front door.

I get the feeling maybe the porch isn't private enough.

"Ummm, maybe if we step farther out into the driveway?" I hold out my hand, palm up and offer for him to lead the way.

He nods gently as if thanking me, which is also weird, and then I follow him into the driveway near the top of the bend, the same spot I stood with Adria out in the rain the night that she came back.

I force the memory out of my head.

The boy bows his head again and before I have a chance to tell him to stop doing that because it's confusing the hell out of me, he starts to speak.

"My Mistress, Genevieve Bishop, sent me here to speak with you."

I'm suddenly more alert than wary now.

If he's here because of Genevieve, I know this might have something, maybe everything to do with Adria. My body stiffens with awareness and determination.

"Go on," I say, urging him in my calmest voice, though there was still a lot of desperation in those two small words despite my attempt to hide it.

The boy has trouble meeting my eyes; he's constantly looking toward the ground, or off to the side whenever I try to hook his gaze.

He needs to speak faster. Even the smallest hesitation between words is too long to suffer through.

"Why didn't she just come here herself?"

"It is not safe for her here," the boy says, looking carefully toward the house as if to indicate there is a danger inside. "She said that you must meet with her at a designated place and that if you must bring someone that only Nathan and Daisy Mayfair are allowed to join you."

"How can Genna be in any danger here?" I say, finally meeting his gaze. "I find that hard to believe, considering what she is."

The boy nods respectfully. "Yes, but she cannot come here. I am not at liberty to speak about it. Please, meet my Mistress on Water Street at the train bridge near the Kennebec River Rail Trail. She will be waiting for you in one hour."

"An hour it is then," I say without hesitation.

The boy doesn't say another word, but bows to me, turns on his heels and disappears down the driveway and down the hill leading up to the main road. I watch him until he's out of sight and I listen for any signs of a vehicle that he may have come here in, but there's nothing. I hear his steps going over the pebble-sized pieces of gravel at the end of the driveway and then he's gone.

Wasting no time, I rush back into the house.

"Yes, that's what he said," I whisper to Nathan and Daisy after pulling them into the back room and shutting the door. "I know it has to be about Adria, I can feel it." My heart is pounding, my hands clenched into fists at my sides.

"Something's not right about this," Daisy says, staring toward the door that leads into the den where at least fifteen of our family and friends sit.

"I trust Genna," I say.

Daisy looks at me. "No, I mean about them," she says, nodding toward the door. "I-It just worries me, is all."

"And it should," Nathan says. "There's only one thing that a Praverian fears and that's another Praverian."

27

IT'S ALMOST DARK WHEN the three of us make it to the train bridge. I park my Jeep in an alcove on the side of the road and we walk up the hill and into a veil of trees toward the railroad tracks. A few cars pass by on the street below, but the traffic is thinning out as the evening progresses. I'm starting to worry about the moon; tonight it'll be full. Tonight is the night that I will know if Adria is alive or dead. And that makes this meeting with Genna that much more important, though I'm not exactly sure why. I'm conflicted about being here waiting for Genna when I want to be waiting for Adria's connection to me to develop.

Twenty feet from the rusty old bridge and Genna steps out in the center of the tracks. I never noticed how bright green her eyes were; the only time I ever saw her was when she went with me to Georgia to find Adria, but even then I could hardly notice anything, I was so worried about my girl.

"Genna?" I say to break the silence. Already I'm looking around for any sign of Adria.

Genna steps closer.

"You see her?" Daisy says, apparently not granted the same opportunity.

"I don't see her, either," Nathan adds, peering into the trees.

"Sorry," Genna says as she gets closer, "I have to be one hundred percent sure before I reveal myself to them."

"Okay," I say, "how?"

"They have to speak my name," Genna says, "not my given name, but what I am."

I look at my brother and sister, first wondering if they can hear Genna at least, but it's apparent they can't.

"She wants both of you to say the word Praverian."

Daisy's face gets all twisted. "Huh? Why?"

"Because a Praverian," Nathan says with extra emphasis on the word, "can't speak their name aloud, or it'll mark them permanently to all other Praverians." He looks into the semi-darkness as if looking at Genna, who's actually three feet to the right of his gaze. "I just said it twice." He holds up two fingers. "Baby, you already know I'm full-on werewolf-what's with the distrust all of a sudden?"

"Because, baby," Genna says and I can tell that Nathan can see her now because his gaze moves over to where it should be, "one hundred percent. I have to be careful."

Genna nods towards Daisy. "Now her," she demands.

Nathan and I both look at Daisy simultaneously.

"Praverian?" Daisy finally says with a little melody in the word and as though this whole thing is ridiculous.

"Good," Genna says, "now to business-we have a serious problem and I never saw this coming, so let me get my thoughts together for a second."

I may not know Genna Bishop, how she usually acts, or really much of anything about her, but the way she is right now, it doesn't seem normal for someone like her. She appears nervous. I guess that's what has me so confused because Praverians fear nothing except themselves and it's obvious to all of us already that there is another Praverian around.

But why would that be our problem?

Genna rests one arm across her stomach and props the other at the elbow so that her fingers can probe her lips in thought. She paces alongside the rusted steel of the track.

Suddenly, as if she's decided something last minute, Genna stops and looks over at us all and her hands drop back to her sides. "I guess we should get this out of the way first," she says and then she looks to her left and a dark figure emerges from a patch of trees.

"Harry!" Daisy shouts and runs toward him.

I do a double-take and when I'm confident that I'm really seeing Harry walking toward us, I start to panic, wondering if Adria is with him, if she's going to emerge from the trees, too. "Where's Adria?" I say to Harry desperately. I can't help it that I don't ask about his well-being first; it's obvious that Harry's alright. I need to know about Adria and I need to know now.

"She's not here, Isaac," Harry says calmly and I immediately detect something very different about him.

He looks exactly the same. Perfectly healthy and unscathed, so I rule out a number of things that weren't likely, but still could've been.

"Well, where is she?" I say, urging him to tell me something before a vein in my head explodes.

"My connection to Adria is still too weak," Harry says and I'm growing more leery of him with every foreign word he speaks, "but I can tell you that she's alive."

I rush over to him and stand my ground, balling my fists at my sides. "Don't do this shit to me, Harry! She's been missing for almost two weeks! When she disappeared, you disappeared-where is she?"

Daisy steps between us, but what bothers me the most is that Harry never flinched. I don't sense an ounce of fear or intimidation in him. And this only tells me that either he's not Harry, or...he's not human.

Nathan grabs me from behind and pulls me away from Harry. I don't fight against him, but I never take my eyes off Harry's eyes, which I'm starting to realize are different from the Harry I knew. Slowly, Harry is letting the true color of his eyes be revealed to me. They're a deep, crimson red, sparkling around the irises just like Genna's....

I look to and from them both, back and forth in a mystified daze.

Daisy notices Harry's eyes now, too. She turns him around to face her; the backs of her fingers brush alongside his cheekbones. "What's....Harry, what's going on?"

Harry leans over and kisses Daisy, but he doesn't answer.

"Let me start from the beginning," Genna says. "It's the only way any of it is going to make sense to any of you." She looks lastly at me, waiting for me to relax and give her the floor.

I let my rigid shoulders ease and only now does Nathan let go of me.

"I'm listening," I say, but I'm extremely impatient and as much as I want to know what's going on, I'm still hell-bent on focusing on Adria.

Genna folds her hands behind her back and lets her breath out slowly. "When I came here, to Maine," she begins, "I came because my Charge lived here and as you know our Charges are our most important duty."

I glance coldly at Harry, but still nothing is making sense.

"Harry was-is-my Charge," Genna says and I hear Daisy gasp. "I came here to see him through his transition into becoming one of us...again anyway. It's why Adria often saw me in Harry's presence, sitting next to him in Geometry class, at The Cove when you all decided to drag Harry along to a place packed with werewolves, which could've gotten him killed." She stops for a second, gritting her teeth at this part as though still mad about it. "I was there, just in case things got too out of hand and I would need to protect him." She takes another breath. "But something went so damn wrong and like I said, I never saw it coming."

"What went wrong?" I say through my teeth, wanting her to hurry and get to the point.

"Harry was supposed to Become," Genna says, "as in, go through his transition into understanding what he truly is, sometime on the night that you and Adria were attacked in that car. The night that you bonded her to you.

"But he didn't Become and when the destiny of a Charge is altered like that, it means that another one like us, one gone Dark, was there to alter it."

"But how do you know that anyone's destiny was altered?" Nathan says. "I don't believe in all that destiny and fate BS-how would you even know?"

Genna looks away from my eyes and only at Nathan now, but I can tell that it's for more than just answering his question. She can't force herself to look at me.

"A Charge's destiny is always predetermined," she starts out slowly, cautiously, which only makes me that much more apprehensive, "and we see the lives of our Charges from beginning to end. Harry's destiny was to Become so that he could protect his own Charge...Adria."

I can't breathe. My chest suddenly feels like there's something sitting on top of it, pressing down forcefully against my ribs. Nathan's right behind me again, ready to grab me if he needs to, but right now I can't even move. My legs feel like concrete.

I notice Daisy step away from Harry a few inches; she looks at him with confusion and uncertainty.

"It was the thing about Adria that I couldn't understand when I fed from her long ago," Genna says softly. "It was why I felt she was connected to us in some way...because she is a Charge."

Finally, Harry walks closer to me, but not out of disrespect. There's something in his eyes, maybe benevolence and sympathy. "I'm not the one you should be pissed at, Isaac," he says and then his voice becomes more urgent. "It was never supposed to happen, that night in the car. Isaac, the attack never should've taken place. Adria should be perfectly normal, perfectly human right now, not even bonded by your blood or anyone else's. It wasn't supposed to happen."

"THEN WHY DID IT?" I'm shaking with anger, and already I can feel the beast within, the rage burning in my veins. But I have to hold out. I have to control myself at least until the full moon reveals itself. My fists are clenched even harder at my sides, my arms motionless and unbreakable; blood seeps from the palms of my hands as my claws protrude and pierce my skin.

I fall down into a crouching position, pulling both hands to the sides of my head. My eyes shift black and my blade-like teeth puncture through my gums. A low growl reverberates through my body, rattling all of my bones.

"GET AWAY FROM ME!" It comes out in an echoing, infernal growl. I don't know who it was that touched my shoulder, but I'm in no mood or position to be consoled.

"Isaac," I hear Genna say, "no one here is your enemy. I protect Harry...for now...and he protects Adria."

I jump to my feet. "I protect Adria! She's no one's Charge but mine!"

My ribs are starting to crack and I fight back the pain, my fists tightened, pulling my arms back to constrict my chest and hopefully delay my transformation. This time it's Nathan's hand on me, holding my body up and I don't push him away. I need the comfort of my brother. I don't want it, but I need it.

"Not yet, bro," he cups the back of my neck with the palm of his hand, patting it once. "Not yet."

I notice Daisy's hand grab Harry's and she pulls him away from Genna.

"If the only thing a Praverian fears is another Praverian," Daisy says with caution and warning in her voice, "then how can you two stand here together?"

"I can't hurt Harry," Genna says.

"At least not yet," Harry adds. "Once my Becoming is complete, then I'm fair game just like the rest of us. She can't hurt me while I'm her Charge."

"I need you to tell me everything you can about Adria," I say to Harry. I'm doing everything in my power to hold back, to keep the beast inside because I need to know. I need whatever information Harry or Genna can give me. I don't care about their Praverian issues. I don't care about anything right now except finding Adria alive and getting her the hell away from all of this.

Harry's Charge? I think not....

"I don't see it all yet," Harry says, "what Adria's destined to do or become or to fulfill. I see bits and pieces here and there. A small light-haired woman. Childlike. Surrounded by orderly women. Sometimes all I can see is death; bodies laid out in a field. Mountainous. The sky churning shades of white and black and gray. And I see Viktor Vargas. Just his face." Harry raises his head from being deep in the memories and he looks at me. "I would never hurt her...you know that, Isaac. She's my best friend. No matter what I am, my human experiences and emotions are exactly the same. Damn, man, I'm still skinny-ass Harry who wants to be a Pro skateboarder one day. Being what I am, it never takes away those feelings."

I see both Daisy and Nathan's faces hanging onto Harry's words as if they're seeping poison into the air. I know what they're thinking, that they can't wrap their heads around Harry mentioning Viktor's name, revealing to them that Viktor must still be alive. They glance at each other, but neither of them says anything.

I need to pull my head together. I look down at the ground, letting the train track and the grass sprouting all around it become the focus of my attention. I need to think.

"Genna," Nathan says, "let's just say this destiny stuff is legit-I'm pretending here, alright?-why would one like you mess with it?"

"They aren't like us," Genna and Harry clarify offensively at the same time and then Genna adds, "they go Dark for endless reasons-pick anything that might make you want to betray your own kind and it could be a reason-and out of spite, or hatred or revenge, they go out of their way to tamper with the Balance, interfering in our Charge's lives, disrupting events that weren't meant to be disrupted. Adria and Harry's case is one of them. It's why Harry didn't Become when he was supposed to. Everything that has happened since the night Isaac and Adria were attacked in that car wasn't meant to be."

Harry steps in, "And it wasn't until the night that Adria was Sired by Isaac that the Balance found its way back on course somehow."

"Yes," Genna says, "it's why Harry went missing the same night that Adria did. When Adria was Sired, Harry's destiny of Becoming finally took place."

"So you're telling us that there's a Dark Praverian running around Hallowell?" Nathan says.

"I'm telling you," Genna says with a calm sort of intensity in her voice, "that someone you know, someone close to you isn't who they appear to be...."

The air is fraught with mindful silence.

Someone in our midst is a traitor....

Nathan, Daisy and I all share The Look because if anything in any werewolf pack is unforgivable, it is disloyalty.

"You can't do anything yet," Genna warns, realizing what vengeful emotions are passing between my brother and sister and I. "We have to play this off quietly, Isaac. If the traitor finds out that we're onto him or her, and you have no plan in place to trap it, it will kill every last one of you. When we go Dark, our powers are unrestrained and limitless. We abuse them in every sense of the meaning."

I turn my back to them all and walk a few paces down the tracks, stopping about ten feet away and looking up at the sky.

This isn't happening! I thought that Adria being bonded by my blood and losing her mind too early was unforgivable. I thought that giving in to her and infecting her was unbearable. I thought that Adria not living through the transformation would be the ultimate nail in my coffin...but this? Adria, the only girl I've ever truly f**king loved is a Charge? Her life has been predetermined for her? She was meant to fulfill some asinine destiny, which we all learned almost always ends in some premature death. I want to ask how it can get any worse, but I'm afraid it will.

I march back over.

"Harry," I say, stepping closer to him as my claws and teeth sink back into my skin and the black of my eyes fades, "where is Adria now? You have to know something, anything-Harry, it's killing me...."

Harry looks away from me and out at the falling night. Another fifteen minutes or so and it will be completely dark, the moon will come to life somewhere behind those thick clouds and all of us will become something different. He lowers his eyes and seems to be looking down at his hands.

"Please, man...anything at all...."

I hear his breath catch and his head raises so that we can see his face again, but his crimson eyes are closed. He appears to be concentrating and I don't dare break his attempts. Hard lines start to form at the corners of his eyes as if he's trying to force a vision that refuses to give in to him. Then his eyes lock open and the crimson churns brighter, more furiously. He looks at no one; it's like he can't even see us anymore.

Daisy steps away from him.

And then finally, Harry's concentration snaps, forcing him to slump over, bracing his hands on his thighs. "All I see is a field," he says, trying to catch his breath. "Just a field...I'm sorry."

My heart feels like it's going to explode.

I know where she is...

I don't say another word. I take off running toward Vaughan Woods as fast as my inhuman speed will take me, leaving everyone else behind.

28

I FEEL THE SWAY of the moon in my muscles, like its reaching down through the darkening clouds and wrenching them to their core, nearly folding my body into an unmoving mass. My sight is becoming sharper, giving me full view into the darkness as it gradually consumes me. My ribs...always excruciating is the pain that inundates me when they start to break one by one in fast succession. But I'm holding the Change back, forcing the last part of my humanity to the surface, spreading it thin like dying soldiers on a battlefield. I don't stop running no matter how hard it is to run and force back the beast at the same time.

I have to get to her.

At a speed no human can match, I sprint through small pockets of night traffic and neighborhoods and old buildings, always dodging objects with ease that might otherwise crush me. I graze a tall wooden fence and leap onto the roof of a two-story house as if my body is air and I cannot be touched.

I weave my way in and out, street after street, the buildings and churches blurring into one another until I can't make anything out at all.

Vaughan Woods comes into view and I feel like I can't get there fast enough, no matter how hard my heart pumps this hot blood through my veins. I panic inside, feeling that every second that goes by is a second too long and it might be too late. I push myself harder, letting my mind filter its focus to the power of my legs, which only unleashes more of the beast.

I crash to my knees as two more ribs break and my hands come up, gripping my head as I arch my back, raising my burning chest to the sky. Pain rips through my spine and into the top of my head. I scream out in agony, my wails traveling through the night air as distinctly as thunder ripping through the atmosphere. I lunge forward, slamming my arms on the ground and fight the beast further, letting my need force it down for just a little longer. My heart beats in my fingers swift and abrasively; every ounce of breath forced from my lungs puts more pressure on my insides.

I can taste the blood in my mouth, seeping in-between my teeth and moving down into the back of my throat. I swallow it down, push myself to my feet and keep running over the wooden bridge and through the water, down the embankment and toward the field.

I can smell her...I can sense her so close.

A hundred branches whip my face as I move at lightning speed past them, weaving through the black forest that only makes the night seem darker.

I can hear her heart beating...so unexpectedly...calm.

A terrifying thought hammers at my mind: Is she dying? Is that why her heartbeat is so unnaturally still? Tears are burning my eyes and my chest; searing tears that I don't have the power to hold back.

I crash through the trees and stumble out onto the edge of the field.

I can barely walk. I hardly have the strength anymore to drag myself across the hot grass and I fall again, having less control over the power of my transformation. I scream out, raising my hands to the sky, letting the pain torture me from the inside as I fall against my chest on the ground. My breath comes out in rapid pants. I roll my body over and lay on my back against the grass and I gaze up at the stars peeking through pockets in the clouds as the pain filters through my body like hot wax, hardening in my veins.

But as I stare upward, fixating my daze-like gaze on one star in particular, I suddenly feel calmer. The weight of the pain recedes just enough to allow me to see again, to realize where I'm at and to understand what I came here for. That I need to get up from this ground and push myself forward if it's the last thing I do.

My head falls to one side; brittle grass prickles the side of my face. The landscape is visible at an angle, causing the night sky to lay awkwardly on the horizon.

I see a small shadow sitting in the center of the field, unmoving. I strain and my eyes begin to focus, the shadow becoming a figure.

I compel my body to move.

I raise myself from my back and push to my knees first, and each movement I make releases the pain that much more.

I stagger to my feet, gripping my torso with my arms, which is more painful, but a necessary gesture that my mind falsely believes might hold my ribs in place somehow.

But when I see Adria, the second I realize that the shadowy figure kneeling in the center of the field is my girl, it's as if I'm the one in control again. A weight lifts from my mind and I pick up my steps and run toward her, every second or so the pain from my broken ribs threatening to send me to my knees. But I don't stop. Not until I get closer. Within twenty feet of her, my run slows to a crawl.

I don't want to scare her.

"Adria?" I say, reaching out to her with one hand and still holding my ribs with the other.

She doesn't respond. She doesn't move.

Adria sits hunched over with her knees bent underneath, her hands splayed in front holding the weight of her body up. Blood has hardened in her hair. I see her breathing, her back rising and falling in a slow, calm motion.

I step closer, thinking about the last time she and I were here, in this very spot. I remember looking down over my beastly form at her small body reaching out for mine. The way her eyes held little fear, but only surrendering emotion.

I want to see her face now, to see the same Adria that let me have her in the most intimate ways just two weeks ago. I need to feel her lips against mine and her heart against mine. My soul is breaking into pieces as I stand here, waiting for her to look up at me.

But it doesn't feel right yet. I can't force myself on her. She left that night for a reason and I want her to let me back in.

It needs to be her.

I kneel beside her, keeping a five-foot distance. It takes everything in me not to grab her and crush her against my body.

Slowly, Adria moves, turning her head to the side as if to see me, but I still can't see her eyes and her face is obscured by shadow.

I move a little closer and reach out my hand, but I stop inches from her hair, feeling the incredible heat rising from her battered body. I see now that she has been fighting it, too. She has been using all of her strength to tame her beast, because if she had already Turned, I would have my connection to her. I would be able to hear her thoughts sitting this close and both of our emotions at their most turbulent.

Adria's been fighting it, holding it back...but for what?

And how?

"I'm here, love...I'm here and I'm not leaving your side...," I just want her to say something, anything that will indicate that she can hear me.

This time I do touch her hair. I can't resist.

Adria lifts her eyes to me and I struggle not to break down seeing her face. Still so beautiful and soft and kind, but covered in streaks of blood as if the tears she had recently cried were made of it.

She raises her hand weakly and I gather it into mine, kissing her fingers.

"Isaac...,"

And then I feel the moon at my back and my body locks up.

Now her heart is beating faster, too fast for me to count the consistency.

"AHHH!" her cries are deafening, sending me scrambling to hold her.

"...Adria, you can do this," I say pleadingly with tears in my voice. "I'm here with you and I won't let you go!" My words come out fast and hard and I finally do crush her body against mine, but Adria's back arches in a torturous display and she screams out again, filling my ears with so much pain and heartbreak. I want to close my eyes, but I can't. I'm with her in this, no matter how much it hurts me to have to see her go through it.

Writhing in my grasp, her mouth locks open and her human hands, quickly showing evidence of change, grip my arms. Her eyes have already gone black.

I hear her bones breaking...

Trembling and still trying to hold my own beast back so that I can be with her in this moment, I look up to the sky as if searching for some kind of reprieve for her, as though those stars that Adria loves so much might help her. But instead, I find myself holding her tighter as her body thrashes violently. The human cry in her voice turns demonic; deep guttural growls resonate throughout her chest inexorably.

I weep, trying to crush her tighter against me, but it's gone too far for that now.

I know I have to let her go.

Adria thrashes completely from my arms, falling against the earth, her back arched so much that only the back of her head and the heels of her feet are keeping her from falling down. Finally, she falls over onto her side, but when she tries to pull her knees up to her chest, her body locks rigidly when I hear her ribs breaking.

I can hear her...I can hear her words in my head now.

"Isaac...please help me...Isaac...," I hear her say in her thoughts. The pain won't let her speak out loud.

Tears stream down her face, matching my own. And for a very brief moment in time her body stops thrashing and she lies still against the ground, blood seeping from the corners of her eyes.

But I can't help her. I can't do anything but watch and hope that she survives, still at the same time trying everything in my power to hold myself back.

I can't hold it much longer.

"I won't leave you," I say in a low, devoted voice. "Just let it happen...."

The moon shines with all of its power as the thick clouds pull away from it. A blanket of soft gray light moves over the field.

Adria's remaining ribs snap in two, hauling her out of that calm moment, the eye of the storm moment, and she rolls over and pushes herself to her feet. And as if she had been shot in the back, her chest pushes out swiftly, her arms and head pull back inflexibly behind her and the rest of the bones in her body start to break. I hear every single one. Her small form begins to rise higher as her legs grow taller, massive and hind-like. Her skin begins to stretch, trying to keep up with the rate her bones and muscles are growing. Her head tilts backward, her face protruding into a massive snout and soon after, her teeth are gnashing. Black hair covers her entire body and knife-like blades three inches long dangle from her fingertips.

Adria howls into the night sky.

And I can't hold my own beast inside anymore....

ADRIA

29

IT FEELS LIKE A dream, soft like those that slowly urge you awake instead of jolting you up feverishly. I feel a breeze on my face and I can hear the sound of water rolling over rocks and the songs of birds singing their early morning melody when we're usually still in bed, listening to them from the window. I feel that I'm nak*d, but something long and thin drapes my body and I feel like I'm floating across the land, somewhere in the forest where the smell of nature is so absolutely distinct and pacifying. I never knew it could feel like this, how intimately we are connected to Nature. The wind on my face, the taste of moisture in the air, the smell of earth and trees and sunlight.

It's all so much stronger now.

My body lies pressed against the heat of Isaac's body as he carries me in his arms through some place I never remember being before. I can sense that I'm farther away from home than I was last night, that sometime after the transformation I left Vaughan Woods.

But I do sense that home is close. Even with my eyes shut and having no memory of the night before, after I Turned, I can tell that home is just ahead as if my animal instinct remembers every detail of it and can guide me there without having to see.

My body isn't sore. I can't understand it, but I feel better than I've ever felt. My arms and legs are stronger, my heart and my lungs feel renewed as if I'm using them for the very first time. My mind is what is still weak. Exhausted by the Change, I can barely open my eyes yet and I don't have the energy to speak.

"You don't have to, love," Isaac says to me telepathically. "We're almost there. Just rest."

I feel my face warm with a tiny smile.

His heart thrums calmly against the side of my cheek. I can feel that my nak*d legs are lying over one of his arms and my head is nestled in the other. And I just let the feeling of being close to him and of being alive wash over me as he carries me home. My hearing is so much more acute; I can hear the cars passing over the freeway that I know is several miles out. I can hear the sounds of forks and plates and coffee pots from inside the nearby houses as the residents of Hallowell share breakfast. I can hear their conversations and every now and then I can sense an emotion evoked by some kind of pain or joy or excitement.

At first, I'm enthralled by all of this, that I can hear absolutely everything; but all too soon the curiosity wears off and is replaced by unease because I can't seem to shut any of it out.

Isaac's warm lips press against my hair. "I'll teach you how to control it."

I lift my arm and hook it over his shoulder, nestling my head more deeply into his bare chest.

Many long minutes pass until I can sense the familiar feeling of home. I can easily tell exactly where we are, though I still never open my eyes. And as Isaac's bare feet walk across the dirt and gravel driveway and uphill toward his house I can sense those inside, those just like me. And all of them are waiting with curious impatience as they too sense Isaac and me are coming home.

"Why did you leave?" Isaac says telepathically as we approach the steps. "I have to know."

I think about the answer quietly for a moment, hoping that he will give me this time with my thoughts privately and then I say, "I was sure the transformation was going to kill me...I...I couldn't let you watch me die, not after I forced you into this. I just couldn't bear it."

He leans down and kisses my forehead before stepping inside to the warmth of the Mayfair house.

Nine months ago I was just a southern teenage girl living in Athens, Georgia who loved to swim with my friends in The Fork and hang out with my sister at the pool hall on Friday nights. Nine months ago I was a girl living a somewhat troubled life, but never letting it destroy me. I had dreams and aspirations just like anybody else. I never imagined for a second that I would be here in Maine surrounded by the supernatural world, or that I would become so much a part of it. Not so unlike the birth of a baby, my new life, my new existence unfolded in nine months of turmoil and happiness and sorrow and love. And last night on July 3rd, I was reborn.

I survived the transformation.

I can be with Isaac forever...I just wonder how long forever will be.

Days fade into weeks and life for me is slowly becoming clearer. With Isaac's guidance I'm learning to be what I am. He is by my side every second of every day that I want and need him, though when I need to be alone, he gives me my space. Our link to one another is infallibly strong, but it's the first thing that Isaac taught me to control because he knows that I can't stand knowing everything he's thinking. And he respects that I don't want him knowing my thoughts, either. Isaac closed my mind off to his, vowing never to listen unless I ask him to, or if I'm in trouble. He has taught me how to do the same to him, even though he told me he doesn't care if I listen to his thoughts whenever I want. Sometimes they're kind of dirty-he does this on purpose, just to get a smile out of me and it always works, but I opted for never listening in unless it's absolutely necessary.

I am more than a part of the family now, more than the outcast who used to hang precariously on the arm of the upcoming Alpha, always watching over my shoulder. The respect that I receive among others in the Mayfair house is unwavering. They are undeniably loyal to me. All except for Rachel, who even though treats me with the same respect that she does Isaac's sisters, will always be Rachel and I really can't expect anything more.

Although Genna Bishop has already helped me so much, there was still yet one more thing that I needed to ask of her before she left us and handed over the reins to Harry, my best friend and Guardian. On the night of the Fourth of July, Genna wiped Aunt Bev and Uncle Carl's minds clean of the time I was missing. And anyone else who comes in contact with them and who may have known about my disappearance will instantly be affected by the power keeping their memories at bay. Praverians truly are extraordinary beings. Whether loyal or Dark, their powers and abilities I think will always astound me.

But my relationship with Harry thankfully hasn't changed a bit. Harry hasn't changed a bit. If he had, I think it would've been like losing my sister all over again. But Harry is still fond of telling me what to do and explaining the consequences if I don't, and he still loves throwing spit-soaked sunflower seeds in my hair and locking me in Isaac's bathroom on occasion. It doesn't seem to faze him that with a thought he can bring any of the werewolves that are my family to their knees. He doesn't, however, take his duty to me lightly and sometimes I see the ancient Praverian come out of him when he's discussing issues with Isaac or Nathan or Daisy. He certainly isn't new to this. He may not have known what he was up until recently, but this fact has not hindered his memories, or his abilities.

But beyond Harry, there are still things that need to be sorted, secrets that I know will have to be unraveled, and a traitor who...I can't imagine it right now. It's too painful for me, to know that someone I know, possibly someone that I love, is a traitor.

For the first two weeks when I got back, everyone in the house was forbidden to come near me except Nathan, Daisy and Harry. I was the only one incapable of shutting off access to my thoughts to everyone else around me. With a traitor in our midst, one that can read minds, to learn to do this was critical. Whoever it is, the five of us know that he or she will undoubtedly be listening. And Harry, being a Praverian still has to pretend that he's nothing more than the human they have always believed him to be. He allows his human thoughts to be freely read by whoever the traitor is, but with his knowledge and power, it is only selective thoughts that he or she can hear.

Harry says it's tricky. Actually his words were: "It's making my frickin' head spin-hey, will you get me a soda?"

Oh Harry! I'd be miserable without his awkward charm.

Adapting. That's what I'm learning to do now and according to Harry, learning to do everything I'm capable of, quicker than the average newbie, is also critical.

Because a storm is coming and I need to be prepared before it gets here.

"If you know my future," I say to Harry with my back against the dank basement rock wall, "come on, you have to tell me what's gonna' happen. Am I gonna' get married and lug around a few werewolf babies-god, please tell me no babies."

Harry chortles, shaking his head side to side. He sits against the wall across from me at a safe distance. His knees are bent and his hands dangle off the tops of them at the wrists.

"I can only see visions of the destiny you're supposed to fulfill." He laughs louder suddenly. "Yeah, the thought of mini Adria and Isaacs running around kind of makes me want to start cutting."

I throw my head back a little, barking a laugh.

But then Harry gets serious again.

"I can't tell you or anyone else exactly what's going to happen because that just creates another opportunity to threaten the balance and throw it off course all over again." He smiles across at me. "But I've got your back, that's for damn sure."

"But what about the Praverian?" I say, letting every one of his words sink carefully into my mind. "I know you already told Nathan and Isaac, but I want you to tell me. How do you trap it?"

Harry shakes his head soberly. "It's not going to be easy," he says raising just his eyes. "I'll explain it to you soon." He flicks a small piece of rotted wood he had been rolling between his fingers out onto the floor.

"I don't see why we can't just line everybody up and force them to say it out loud," I argue. "Seems like the easiest way to weed the traitor out."

"Adria," Harry says and I've never seen him so serious, "whoever it is, they're powerful. They can crush your skull in on itself with a thought. When one of us goes Dark, it's...," he gazes off toward the tiny box window. I get the worst feeling from his demeanor, as though a long ago memory is raping his mind all over again. "...it's like unleashing a demon-I don't know how else to describe it."

"I think telling me it can crush my skull in on itself by just thinking it, is pretty self-explanatory," I say, but Harry is unaffected by the slight jest in my tone.

He stares back at me and I set all of my flippant emotions aside.

"Why doesn't it just kill us then?" I say. "I don't get why it's even here, or why it seems to have targeted me in that friggin' car wreck."

"It might have everything to do with your destiny," Harry says. "But at the same time, it could have nothing to do with you at all." He shakes his head, his thick, dark eyebrows knotted pensively. "This one seems more vengeful than the few I've encountered in the past. There's more to this one, Adria. I think it's toying with all of you, but I don't know why."

"Well, that's oh-so-comforting."

Harry smiles now, looking more like the smartass human Harry I know and love.

"Just think if you didn't have me to cover your butt," he says. "Of course, it's easy to cover a butt as small as yours-just sayin'."

"If I could move my hands to throw something at you," I say, "you'd so be packing a black eye with a bag of frozen peas."

I hear Isaac's footsteps descending the basement stairs. Tonight is the first night of the week approaching the next full moon and just like Sebastian used to do, I'm forced to spend most of my time down here surrounded by filthy wet walls and darkness with my arms and legs shackled to the stone. It feels every bit like an old dungeon from some time in the Middle Ages. At least, I think it does.

"Are you flirting with my girl again, Harry?" Isaac says with an air of humor as he appears in the room carrying a bowl of water and a handful of fresh hand towels.

"Hell naw," Harry says getting to his feet. "I don't know how you do it." He winks at me and I stick my tongue out at him.

Isaac sits down on the floor next to me, placing the bowl of water beside him and the towels in his lap.

"What's that for?" I say.

"We'll talk about it later," he says smiling warmly and reaching up to move my hair away from my face.

He turns to look at Harry. "So what's the word? What do we have to prepare for?"

Harry looks at both of us calmly, but I see in his eyes the severity of his answer.

"War," he says as if such a powerful word is so light on his tongue. He buries his hands in his pockets.

"Is there any way that we can stop it?" Isaac asks.

Harry looks only at me now and I get the feeling that he's mourning me.

"The war has to happen," Harry says, "And Adria will be the one to start it."

30

ONLY TWO NIGHTS HAVE slipped by me, but not without weight and cruel, unforgiving pain. I won't leave this cell. I can't risk it. Hurting Aunt Bev or Uncle Carl; killing someone innocent.

I stay here in my prison, sweating profusely as the burning heat suffocates my body.

Isaac is here always, washing my face of dirt and tears and blood, leaving only ever to replenish the bowl of water and get clean towels, or to bring food and drink.

I'm only let out when I need to make a trip to the restroom.

I can't see straight. The stone walls blur in and out of my vision. My eyes seem to stay coated by blackness.

31

IT'S BEEN FOUR DAYS now and it's becoming harder and harder to contain myself. It feels like the moon is out there looking for me every night, searching underneath every recess, leaving nothing untouched by its light. And my God, its lure is so strong. It's going to find me soon. It's going to see me through that single box window surrounded by mold and water-damaged wood. But I know that it doesn't have to touch me to Turn me. But when it does touch me, it provokes the transformation one hundred fold.

Isaac has been able to control his inner beast almost effortlessly, having gone through this hundreds upon hundreds of times.

And still he's here, seeing me through it all, helping to soothe my mind.

Now I know how he felt the many times while around me during that week before each full moon. I know how hard it was for him to refrain from touching me, to lie next to my bare skin without taking me.

I don't have the willpower that he had.

I've had him twice down here now. He's let me out of my chains long enough to let me have my way with him...long enough to prove to me that he's the Alpha.

This time though, my carnal emotions are too strong to let me out, to unlock my hands and legs from my shackles and risk me busting out into the night.

But he still gives me what I want....

32

TONIGHT'S THE FULL MOON.

The constant sound of rain dripping through the basement walls is so loud that I cover my ears. I can't control my senses anymore. The dank, moist air and the stench of something dead in the walls makes me retch. I can even smell the blood on my wrists from trying to break free as I try to fight the beast and to tame it.

But Isaac is still here with me, wiping the blood from my hands and the sweat from my face.

Tonight he unshackles me so that I can transform with minimal damage to my wrists and ankles. He says he can keep me down here no matter what, that he's strong enough to hold me here and I believe him.

He never leaves my side.

And I know that he never will.

Jessica Ann Redmerski was born in Little Rock, Arkansas on November 25, 1975. She lives in Arkansas with her three children and a Maltese.

