Chapter 1

"Oy! Addolgar!" they yelled into his human face. "Oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! You awake?"

Idiots. Every one of his brothers and sisters were utter idiots. Even these two-Ghleanna, his older sister; and Bercelak, his younger brother-who he believed to be the smartest of his kin, were still ... idiots.

"Maybe he's dead then," Bercelak suggested.

"Nah. I think he's breathing. He just sleeps like the dead, is all."

An elbow, probably Ghleanna's, rammed across his jaw. "Addolgar!" she screamed. "You awake?"

His jaw throbbing, Addolgar knew he couldn't keep ignoring his siblings or he risked losing part of his face.

He slowly opened his eyes. "What?"

"See?" Ghleanna said to Bercelak. "He's not dead."

"Such a relief. Mum would have had a fit if he'd turned up dead."

"Your concern overwhelms me, brother." Addolgar cracked his neck. "So what do you want?"

His brother and sister, also in their human forms, stood tall, hands on hips, staring down at him. The two of them looked the most alike of their siblings. Black hair, black eyes, rude natures. Bercelak had the nastiest attitude, but really he was only the most focused. He had big plans. He didn't just want to be a warrior; he wanted to lead the Queen's Army. It was a lofty goal, especially for one of the low-born Cadwaladr Clan, but if any of them could do it, it would be Bercelak.

Ghleanna was more like Addolgar. They battled because they liked it and were good at it. They loved the armor, the weapons, the blood, the death. When the Queen had no wars, Addolgar and Ghleanna found human wars to fight. They were always fun and good training.

But still, could Addolgar not get a few minutes to himself? He'd just wanted to have a meal and get a little nap before heading back to the human troops he'd been fighting with. As always, though, with his kin ... that apparently wasn't possible.

"Why are you two bothering me?"

"Her Majesty," Ghleanna sneered, "wants to see us."

Addolgar smirked. His sister didn't even bother trying to hide her dislike of the current monarch, Dragon Queen Addiena. She'd taken over for her mother, the much-loved Queen Ganieda, nearly a century ago, and Ghleanna still barely accepted Addiena as their ruler. True, she'd protect her as the monarch of their people, but that was as far as Ghleanna the Black was willing to go.

Curious as to what was going on, Addolgar asked, "She wants to see us for what?"

"You don't question," Bercelak snapped. "You come when called."

"When did we become pets?" Addolgar asked his brother. Ghleanna snorted.

"Don't anger me, brother. We serve the Queen-without question, without delay. Now get off your fat ass and let's get going."

Knowing quite well that his ass was perfect, Addolgar was getting ready to argue, for no other reason than to annoy his brother, when Ghleanna cleared her throat and motioned behind her. A group of humans were running toward them, all of them poorly armed with pitchforks and rusty swords and pikes.

"I'll handle-" Bercelak began, but Ghleanna quickly stepped in front of him.

"No," she told him. "You'll keep your mouth shut."

The humans quickly crossed the open field until they reached them, the one out front stopping in front of Ghleanna. "Did ya see him, soldier?" he demanded. "Did ya see the dragon?"

Ghleanna nodded. "We have troops searching for the bastard now. We'll find him. And we'll kill him."

"He destroyed my cattle!" one of the men yelled. "Look at this!"

They did. All those bones, sucked clean of meat, fat, and marrow. It wasn't the entire herd that Addolgar had eaten but at least half. He'd been hungry, though. Very hungry.

"That bastard," Ghleanna snarled. "We'll wipe the land of him, I promise you that."

The humans looked at Addolgar. "What's wrong with him then?" the leader asked.

"He ... was attacked by that dragon." Ghleanna nodded at Addolgar.

With a sigh and a barely suppressed eye roll, Addolgar raised his arm and weakly stated, "Don't mind me. I'm just slowly bleeding to death from the attack." All that cow's blood smeared over his human flesh helped with that lie. Of course, he'd been dragon when the blood had splattered, the human herder running off, screaming hysterically and pissing himself. And after Addolgar had finished eating, he'd shifted to human so he could relax with his back against a sturdy tree and his long human legs stretched out in front of him.

One of the humans studied Addolgar and asked, "Why's he nak*d?"

The three of them blinked and then Bercelak lied, "Because it'll be easier to carry his dead body back to the troops with no armor."

"Won't he need his armor for the funeral?" asked another curious human.

Addolgar and Ghleanna looked at Bercelak, waiting to see what their younger brother would come up with next.

"Uh ... yes. You're right, of course. Um ... but we all hated him. So we're stripping him of any honor at his death."

"But he's still alive," said a horrified woman.

That's when Addolgar bit the inside of his mouth to prevent the laughter threatening to come out; Ghleanna, always short on patience, had had enough.

"Here," Ghleanna said to the humans. "Take this." She held out her hand to Bercelak. He glanced at her open hand and back at her face.

"What?"

Ghleanna tilted her head the tiniest bit, and Addolgar read that move for exactly what it was. A threat.

Growling a bit, Bercelak ripped the coin pouch he had tied to his sword belt off and handed it to Ghleanna. She, in turn, handed it over to the humans. "For your cattle."

"You'll take care of the dragon, though, yeah?"

"Our troops are moving on him as we speak. Have no fear. He'll not be back."

"Lizards," the human spit out. "Hate them all."

With that, the humans turned around and headed back to their homes.

"I should have eaten them," Bercelak sneered.

"What is wrong with you?" Ghleanna demanded.

"They made me angry." He paused a moment, then admitted, "And they smell really good. I'm so hungry."

Addolgar pointed to a nearby meadow. "There's more cows over there. And I could eat again."

Ghleanna shook her head and rubbed her fingers against her temples. "You two are such idiots."

Addolgar laughed. "I was just thinking the same thing about you lot!"

Braith of the Darkness, Daughter of the House of Penarddun, so named by the western city she'd destroyed when they'd sent an army to her cave to hunt her as if she were some common bear in the woods, landed on the side of Devenallt Mountain.

The seat of power for the Dragon Queen of the Southlands, Devenallt Mountain was the one place Braith loathed going. As a royal, there were certain times of the year she was expected to come and spend time among other royals, but she hated it. She had nothing in common with ... well ... anyone. She had nothing to say. At least nothing that would interest anyone. So she mostly just stood around, holding a chalice of wine she never drank, and waited until she could sneak out without being noticed.

Unfortunately, she wasn't here for a specific royal event but because she'd been sent for by her father. Something that frightened her more than she'd ever admit out loud. She wasn't close to her father. Never had been. Her father had always made it clear that, to him, she was nothing more than "your mother's daughter," which was fine with Braith. She didn't need her father and didn't want to be around him, and he had always seemed to feel the same. So why he was summoning her to Devenallt Mountain, she had no idea.

Determined to get this over with, she tossed back her blue hair and headed into the mountain stronghold.

Moving out of one cavern and into another, Braith stopped when she saw one of the Queen's offspring, Princess Rhiannon. Of all the Queen's offspring, Rhiannon was the only one whom Braith managed to tolerate, which was probably as close to a friendship as either of them had ever had.

"My lady," Braith said to the royal, dipping her head a bit out of respect.

"Braith of the Darkness. You look well."

"Thank you, my lady."

Those who dismissed Rhiannon as another vapid royal truly did not know her, and they didn't want to know her. And with reason. Queen Addiena, a being to be feared, loathed her daughter more than Braith's father loathed her. While Braith's father ignored her, Queen Addiena seemed to take pleasure in making Rhiannon's life miserable. The current ruler of the Southlands was a cold, heartless, and petty cow who wielded hate and revenge with knifelike precision.

"What brings you here to Happy Mountain?" Rhiannon asked Braith.

"I've been summoned by my father."

The princess cringed in a rather unroyal manner. "Poor you."

"I know."

"It could be worse. You could have been summoned by that bi-gods!" the princess suddenly squealed, quickly turning her back to the entrance. "It's him."

Braith looked and saw Major Bercelak the Unpleasant-a name, it was rumored, that had been given to him by his own troops-making his way toward them. His gaze was locked on Rhiannon like a jungle cat's on a wounded deer.

In the mood to sacrifice herself for the greater good, Braith stepped around so that she stood between the pair. "Make a run for it, my lady. I'll protect your back."

"I'll not forget this, Braith of the Darkness."

Then Rhiannon took off, all that long, white hair flowing behind her.

Bercelak marched up to Braith, trying to see around her. "Where'd she go?"

"Who, Major?"

Painfully black eyes locked on Braith. "Princess Rhiannon."

"Oh. I haven't seen her."

"She was just standing behind you." The black dragon glowered at Braith. "But maybe with that large ass of yours I just missed-"

"Bercelak!" the dragon's sister, Ghleanna, snarled as she stepped up behind him.

"She got in my way!" he barked.

"I don't care if she shaved your hair off. Be nice!" The black She-dragon nodded at Braith. "Lady Braith."

"Lieutenant."

Now second lieutenant, Ghleanna might not outrank her brother in the Queen's Dragon Army, but she was his older sister and rank meant nothing when kin was involved.

"Sorry about my brother."

"You don't have to apologize for me," Bercelak snapped.

"Someone does!" she bellowed back, one of the few who showed no fear at the constantly snarling, glowering bear of a dragon. He had to be the most unpleasant bastard in the Southland territories, but, Braith could admit, he was very good at what he did, which was protecting the Southland borders.

"Oy," another voice said. "Did you lot hear?"

Then he was there. As tall as his brother, but wider. Like a mountain of granite inside the mountain fortress.

"Hear what?" Ghleanna asked while still glaring at Bercelak.

"About Davon the Elegant."

Ghleanna faced her handsome brother. "What about her?"

"Lightnings snatched her from her father's cave."

"What?" Ghleanna gasped, clearly shocked.

"Word is it was the Olgeirsson Horde."

"We should have killed that bastard Olgeir long ago," Bercelak growled. "The fact that he still breathes offends me."

"Did you hear of this, Lady Braith?" Ghleanna asked Braith.

"I had not."

But Braith wasn't exactly surprised. The Northland dragons did not breed many females, so they were often forced to steal She-dragons from other regions. But She-dragons weren't helpless victims waiting to be kidnapped, so the Lightnings usually cut off one wing when they took a female so that she could not fly away. And some She-dragons were so shamed by it, they ended up staying in the north with little to no fight. It was the kind of fear that could keep a She-dragon up at night and one of the reasons few knew where Braith lived. In fact, her father believed her cave was nearly fifty leagues away from where it actually was located. Not that she didn't trust him but ... no. She was lying. She didn't trust him.

"Perhaps that's why the Queen's asked us here," Ghleanna suggested. "So that we can track the bastards down and cut their hearts out."

"I want Olgeir dead as much as you," Bercelak complained, "but it annoys me that once again we need to run in and rescue the weak royals because they can't protect themselves."

Ghleanna rolled her eyes and rammed her fist into her younger brother's shoulder.

"Ow! What was that for?"

Ghleanna motioned to Braith. "We're standing next to a royal, you idiot."

"Does she really count?"

That's when Bercelak's brother took notice and cheered, "Braith of the Darkness! You're looking well!"

I am?

"She is?" Bercelak asked, which got him a shot to the neck from his sister's tail. He pushed Ghleanna back and the two began fighting. Addolgar ignored them both to focus on Braith.

"It's been a long time. How have you been doing?"

I'm fine. How are you? You're looking very handsome today, Addolgar the Handsome, lord of my loins.

At least that was what she'd like to say to him, but instead she came out with, "Yeah, hi."

Even worse, she said that into her chest because she couldn't bear to look into those lovely brown eyes. Her tail curled into a circle like a snake caught under the hot sun and her claws curled into tight fists.

Gods, he was handsome. She'd never known such a handsome dragon. His dark silver scales shiny. His fangs bright white and long. His dark silver hair reaching past massive shoulders to powerful muscled forearms.

Handsome!

And what was she? Her lip almost curled. She was nothing but Braith of the Darkness. Destroyer of a single city that no dragon had ever heard of.

How was that impressive to someone like Addolgar? Revered Dragonwarrior. Loved by his army comrades-dragon and human-and considered one of the "nice" Cadwaladrs of their Clan. The only other nice Cadwaladr was Addolgar's father, Ailean the Wicked.

Truth be told, it was Addolgar's good nature that warmed Braith's hard heart more than anything else. Not only because he was kind to her when even her own father was not, but also because he was kind to all he was not against in war.

Glancing over at his battling siblings, Addolgar said low, "Sorry about my brother, Braith. He can be a bit of a prat."

"Yeah," she said into her chest. "I know."

"What did he come over here for anyway?" Since, apparently, they both knew he'd never walk this way to see Braith.

"Rhiannon, I believe."

"Ahhhh. I see." Addolgar laughed. "His obsession with her is so ridiculous. That royal would cut his throat while he slept and laugh while he bled out."

Braith wished she could defend the princess on that ... but it was probably true.

"You two friends then?" he asked.

"Not really."

"Just royal politeness. I get it."

"Guess you could say that." Braith cleared her throat, studied her claws against the stone ground, and wondered when this nightmare of awkwardness would end.

"Oy! Addolgar!" his sister called out, now that she had Bercelak in a headlock.

"Looks like I've gotta go," Addolgar said.

"Of course."

"It was nice seeing you again, Lady Braith."

"You, too."

He walked around her and Braith let out a breath, grateful that was over. She hated that she seemed to be such a ridiculous mess around that dragon.

"You. Girl," her father's cold voice snapped at her from one of the chambers.

Braith turned toward her father. Perhaps if she could get this over with quickly, she could head home to her quiet, hidden cave with some cattle she could steal from the local farmers.

"Father," she said as coldly as he'd called to her. "You summoned me?"

Chapter 2

"You didn't torment her, did you?"

Addolgar stared down at his sister while they waited in the crowded hall for their turn to speak with the Queen. "Torment who?"

"Braith."

"Torment her? No." He liked that big-boned dragoness. She seemed sweet, if a little shy.

"She's not bad-looking."

Addolgar shrugged and answered honestly, "I wouldn't know. She never looks at me."

"Do you have any idea why?" Ghleanna asked.

He grinned. "No. Why?"

Ghleanna sighed and looked away. "Pathetic."

"Who me?"

"I don't like her," Bercelak complained.

"I think the feeling is mutual, little brother," Ghleanna replied. "She looked like she was seconds from tearing your eyes out."

"I don't know why," Bercelak replied. "I'm known throughout the land to be so friendly."

Addolgar and Ghleanna faced their younger brother ... and stared at him.

"What?" he asked drily. "Everyone knows I'm like happy puppies in a meadow on a sunny day."

There was a long pause after that proclamation and then both Addolgar and Ghleanna exploded into laughter, Bercelak almost cracking a smile.

Braith's father led her to a quiet alcove. When he finally stopped and faced her, it was like he looked right through her. "The Queen," he said, "will request that you be the companion to Lady Katarina when she's returned to her home in the west."

"Me?" Braith asked, shocked. No one had ever asked her to be anyone's companion. A royal she might be, but she wasn't charming or elegant or schooled in any of the finer arts. In fact, royal dragons mostly found her uninteresting and she prided herself on that. Because it wasn't easy to do as little as possible to elicit as little interest as possible.

"Yes, you. And you'll accept the offer."

"But-"

"There is no arguing here. Do as you're told."

"I guess I'm just surprised that the Queen-"

"Yes. She's your queen and you'll follow her directive without question. Understand?"

She wanted to punch her father in his snout, but she wouldn't. He was her father after all. True, a father whose funeral rite she planned to dance at and toast with ale, but her father just the same.

"Yes. I understand."

"Good. Now go to the throne room. She's requested your presence there."

Her father walked off, his tail following behind him. She was so tempted to step on it, just to see him yank back or fall on his face. Either would make her feel better.

"Hello, hello," Addolgar growled. "Who's that then?"

Ghleanna looked around him and rolled her eyes. "So typical."

"What?"

"A royal. You're as bad as the idiot over here."

Bercelak blinked, looked away from the Queen as she spoke to her Dragon's Maids. "Do you mean me?"

"Yes. You. Both of you. Always going for these simpering weak royals. Where did you get that from anyway?"

"Dad?" Addolgar asked.

"Don't insult our mother. She may be a royal, but she's hardly weak and she definitely doesn't simper."

"Who says this one simpers?" Addolgar studied the royal She-dragon speaking to the Queen. A pretty, gold dragoness with long, luxurious hair and light gold eyes. "Her legs are sturdy enough."

"Bloody twigs, if you ask me."

"I didn't ask you. I just wanted to know who she is."

"She's Lady Katarina from the Western Mountain territories. Her father is Lord Berg."

"Addiena hates Berg," Bercelak reminded them.

Addolgar felt a quick bolt of panic. "Gods, we don't have to kill her, do we?"

"No."

"Good. 'Cause she's cute."

Ghleanna sighed. "Idiots."

"Why am I an idiot?" Bercelak wanted to know.

"Let me count the ways," a voice muttered from behind them.

Surprised at that retort coming from Braith, Addolgar and Ghleanna laughed, but Bercelak turned around, faced the Elder's daughter.

Braith blinked and asked, "Did I say that out loud?"

"You did," Bercelak growled.

She gave a small shrug of good-sized shoulders for such a supposedly weak royal female. "Sorry."

"Lady Braith!" Queen Addiena called out from her throne. "Perfect timing, my dear! Come forward. Come forward. I have someone for you to meet."

"Yes, my Queen," Braith said.

And that's when Addolgar noticed something. The few times Addolgar had met Braith, the royal had never looked him in the eye, but she didn't seem to have that same problem with Bercelak. In fact, as she walked around him, she held Bercelak's gaze, almost challenging him. Perhaps she had more bite with those fangs than any of them had realized.

"What are you smirking at?" Bercelak barked at him.

"I didn't know I was," Addolgar replied.

"Well, you were."

The brothers were silent for nearly a minute until Addolgar noted, "You're awfully tense."

"Shut up."

"Braith, I don't think you've met Lady Katarina. Lord Berg's daughter."

Braith nodded at the fellow royal.

"Now," the Queen went on, "I thought you would be perfect to travel with Lady Katarina on her way back to the Western Mountains."

Braith and Katarina locked gazes, and Braith knew in that moment that she was not alone in not wanting to go on this trip.... Katarina didn't want her to go either. Braith had no idea why Katarina felt that, nor did she care to know since, in the end, they both had the same desire.

The problem was Addiena. How to handle her?

"Your Majesty," Braith tried, "I truly appreciate this honor, but I'm not sure I'm the best one for such a role."

"And I'm sure you are. Your father suggested you himself."

Braith tried not to frown, but it was hard. "My father suggested me for this? Really? My father."

The Queen laughed. "Oh, Lady Braith. You're so adorable. See, Lady Katarina? You'll be entertained by Lady Braith's humor all the way home. Won't that be fun?"

Katarina gave a reluctant nod. "Of course, Your Majesty. She seems quite entertaining."

"Now I'm sure you have," Addiena sneered, "very important things to do, Lady Braith. We all know how busy you are." And no, her sarcasm wasn't lost on Braith or anyone else standing within a twenty-league radius. "But I'd really like Lady Katarina to have a female companion along for this trip. She'll be simply surrounded by males and you know how those Western Mountain dragons are about their females." Did she mean the Western Mountain dragons that were, in fact, Southland dragons? Then yes, Braith knew the Western Mountain dragons because they were just like every other bloody fire-breathing dragon in the Southlands.

Gods, this She-dragon!

"But-"

"Now, if you're concerned that you'll be at risk on this trip because of those horrible Lightnings and what they did to poor Lady Davon, please, both of you, don't worry. You'll be protected by my best escorts. Your father chose them himself, Lady Braith."

Was that really supposed to mean something to Braith? Because, ya know ... it didn't.

"Of course, Your Majesty."

"Tell me, my Queen," Katarina asked softly, "will you be sending your troops into the Northlands to retrieve Lady Davon? As you know, the Northlanders do not kill our She-dragons, just force them into a Claiming."

"I know," the Queen said, sadly shaking her head. "It's truly horrible what these Lightnings do to our poor sisters. But sending my army into Northland territory would be seen as an act of aggression with the Hordes and I'm ... just not sure we're ready for war."

Ready for war over one meaningless She-dragon was what the Queen really meant. Because if there was one thing they all knew, her dragon army was always ready for war. They thrived on it the way the Sea dragons thrived on water. Still, the Queen would do nothing until she was ready.

"So we're agreed?" the Queen asked, although they all knew she wasn't asking a damn thing. To be honest, Braith would rather her just make it an order. Playing these constant political games with the female did nothing but chafe the bloody scales off Braith's ass.

Addolgar smiled at his brother's announcement. "I'd love to," he announced.

"Of course you would." Bercelak glared at his brother. "But this isn't a time for you to be trying to get under some royal's tail. You have a duty to our Queen. Do not fail her because you're busy trying to f**k Berg's daughter."

Placing his claw against his chest, Addolgar reared back and gasped, "Brother! How could you say such a thing? How could you question my-"

"Oh, shut up."

Addolgar chuckled. "I don't know why you're getting so upset about this. She won't be the first royal I've ever escorted."

"I'm not upset. But I'm concerned. Something ..."

"Something what?"

Bercelak shook his head. "I don't know. But watch your back, brother. With gods-damn Lightnings coming over our borders to snatch our females, we don't exactly have time to be battling bloody Thracius and the Iron dragons in the west as well. And this is Berg's daughter we're talking about. So this is no time to be lazy."

Addolgar understood that. Lady Katarina's father and his dragon army kept the Iron dragons, who lived-and plotted-on the other side of the Western Mountains, from trying to invade Dark Plains at every possible opportunity.

Of course, the reason that Katarina had been at Devenallt Mountain for nearly a year was because the Queen had been reminding Lord Berg of her power. Although she'd welcomed Berg's daughter with open claws, no one was fooled into thinking Addiena cared for her. At least no one but Bercelak, who continued to believe that Addiena was a wonderful queen who just liked to invite royal females to Devenallt Mountain for fun. But anyone not blinded by the Queen's beauty or, more importantly, the beauty of the Queen's daughter, knew this was simply a power play by the cold-hearted royal.

Politically, though, it did make sense after what had happened during the Great Battle of Aricia, when the Iron dragon Overlord Thracius had taken the Queen's consort and had him crucified in Quintilian Provinces. Something that had not bothered the Queen nearly as much as it had bothered the Queen's offspring. Especially Princess Rhiannon, who'd always been close to-and protected by-her father. Yet her consort's death had brought her throne under threat, because some Southland dragons didn't believe she was worthy of her position as their queen if she couldn't keep her kin safe. That had put Addiena into action, involving Lord Berg and his vast army. But not trusting his loyalty to her or her throne, Addiena had taken his beloved daughter Lady Katarina as security until the borders were secure and her point made.

The word "hostage" was never used, but it didn't need to be.

Still, no point in mentioning any of that to Bercelak. He was blindly loyal to the Queen.

"I am not lazy," Addolgar informed his brother. "I'm many things, but lazy is not one of them. But have no fear, Ghleanna told me that we will have a small squad with us and Lady Braith as well."

"Lady Braith," Bercelak sneered, his distaste for the royal more than evident. "Why is she going? What use is she?"

"Well-"

"None! That I can see," his brother cut in, which only made Addolgar laugh.

"Don't be such a bastard, little brother. She'll keep the royal entertained."

"Braith will keep the royal entertained? Braith of the Darkness?"

"She's nice. I don't know what you have against her."

"She does nothing."

"What do you expect her to do?"

"She's one of the Penarddun bloodline. You'd think she'd do something," Bercelak complained.

"Her mother may have been a Penarddun but her father has gone out of his way to ensure his daughter was not by raising her himself after her mother's death."

"With those shoulders and arms? Even that neck. It's a waste! The least she could do for the army is move some trees so the troops can get through."

"Is there anyone you don't think should be working for our precious army?"

"No."

"I'm leaving," Addolgar stated, giving up.

"Just be careful, idiot," his brother called out to him.

Addolgar headed off to find the lovely Lady Katarina, throwing a wave over his shoulder. "I'll do that, brother. I'll do that."

Chapter 3

"I am sorry about this, Lady Braith."

Braith looked down at the diminutive She-dragon, forced a smile. "It's all right, Lady Katarina. I know this isn't your fault."

"Just Katarina." She stepped aside as one of their escorts hustled by. "I'll be glad to return home so I have to worry less about all these titles."

"Well, you need not worry about mine at all."

Braith studied the soldiers that had been chosen for this trip. She recognized a few. They were soldiers loyal to her father. She didn't know why that bothered her, but it did. She didn't like this.

"Something wrong, Braith?" Katarina asked.

"Uh ..." She focused back on the royal. "No. Nothing. Just thinking. Wasn't really planning on a trip."

"And I wasn't really planning to come here." She raised, then lowered her front claws. "Yet here I am."

Braith felt bad for her. This was just a few days out of Braith's life. Yet Katarina had spent a year as nothing more than a well-treated hostage.

Placing one claw on the royal's shoulder-and ignoring how she dwarfed the She-dragon like a bloody ogre-Braith said softly, "Do not worry, Katarina. We will return you to your loved ones safely."

"I know you will."

Braith smiled at the royal, trying her best to put her at ease.

"There you are!" a cheerful, low voice said from behind her.

Braith's claw tightened on Katarina's shoulder, and she knew her eyes had widened in panic.

No. He couldn't be on this trip. Not him. Ghleanna. Or Bercelak. Gods, even Braith's own father, she would rather travel with! Anyone but ...

The panic must have been clearly on her face because Katarina suddenly moved around Braith, distracting the Silver.

"And you are?" Katarina asked.

"Sergeant Addolgar of the Fifth Legion, my lady."

It took Braith a few seconds to get control of her initial reaction. Of all the dragons who could be going with them, why did it have to be him? Her one weakness. Her one very handsome, very thick-tailed weakness.

"So, Sergeant Addolgar," Katarina continued as Braith finally faced them both. "Why were you looking for us?"

"I'll be your military escort for this trip."

"Oh, I thought these dragons were......"

Addolgar glanced over at the soldiers. "These lads mostly guard Devenallt Mountain and the Elders. Good, solid soldiers," he quickly added, never wanting to insult anyone-unlike his younger brother. "But I've been through the Western Mountains. Fought a few battles there. So, it was a good decision on my brother's part."

Figures! Gods-damn Bercelak! She should have known! Bastard.

"Now I don't want either of you to worry. I'm here to protect you both." Grinning, he nodded at the waiting soldiers. "Let me check on these lads and then we can get on our way."

He walked off and Katarina faced her again.

"Sorry about that-" Braith began, but Katarina shook her head.

"No need to worry. I understand that feeling. Felt it myself not too long ago."

"Well, if we could just keep it between us, I'd appreciate it."

"Because there are those here who use weakness as currency?"

After living at the royal court, it seemed Katarina understood the Queen as well as anyone.

"You might say."

"Don't worry, Braith. Your secret is safe with me."

"You two ready?" Addolgar asked. "Have everything you need?" When they both nodded, he gave that adorable, wide grin of his, showing all those perfect fangs, and swung his forearm out from his body. "Then after you, my ladies."

Determined to get through this somehow without embarrassing herself, Braith nodded and walked on, Katarina right behind her.

Then Braith realized something.... She had no idea how far away the Western Mountains actually were. A couple of days' travel? Gods. Hopefully not more than that.

Early on the fourth day of their trip, they camped for the night in a small grove. They still had at least another three-day flight before reaching the Western Mountains, but so far they'd made good time, considering it was nearing winter and the winds were beginning to howl.

Yet today's trip had ended early when Lady Katarina, who had been doing so well, with few to no complaints so far, suddenly announced she was getting tired. Addolgar understood; she seemed a frail thing. At least by dragon standards, she seemed frail.

So they'd settled here for the night. It was nice. Lots of trees, a lake nearby, and some tasty-looking oxen a few miles away. Addolgar never needed much more than that.

He settled down beside a large oak, his back pressed against the trunk so that his wings could get a good stretch. He'd rest for a while before searching out that oxen so he could eat, then take night watch.

Just as Addolgar began to get comfortable, Lady Katarina softly stepped up beside him.

"Lord Addolgar," she greeted.

"Just sergeant, I'm afraid, Lady."

"An earned title," she mused. "Much more admirable, I assure you."

Enjoying the compliment, Addolgar asked, "Do you need something, my lady? Or Lady Braith?"

"Oh, she's fine. A little fed up with this traveling. I think she believed this to be a much shorter trip, but she'll probably go down to the lake in a bit to relax. Actually, though, I'm about to make some tea. Would you like some?"

A royal? Making something for a low-born Cadwaladr? Who would have thought? "That would be lovely."

"Give me a few minutes then."

"Of course."

Feeling elated by the obvious attention of Lady Katarina-she was making him tea!-Addolgar relaxed back and let out a contented sigh. As he waited, watching the lovely Lady Katarina move around the campfire, he noticed Braith heading off into the woods toward the nearby lake. She had her head down as she silently eased away. No one noticed, which he expected was what she wanted.

Braith sat down by the river. Her back legs stretched out in front of her, her claws resting on her knees, and her wings stretching out from her body.

She'd admit, she couldn't stand to watch another second. By the gods, the fawning. The fawning!

It was all so easy for them, wasn't it? The pretty ones. It was as if the males felt an inherent need to coddle the pretty ones. Did their beauty make them somehow weaker?

Nor did it help that Lady Katarina was inherently sweet. It would be easier if she were a right bitch like most royals. But instead, she was polite, charming, and damn pretty.

Braith wanted to hate her, but she just couldn't. The bitch.

She heard movement in the trees, and Braith stood on her haunches and raised her claws, curling them into fists. Addolgar the Cheerful lumbered out of the trees, stopping when he saw her raised fists. He blinked hard.

"A bit nervous?" he asked.

"Aren't you?"

"No." Addolgar glanced off, silent for a moment, then asked, "Should I be?"

"Can you honestly tell me you feel comfortable here?"

"Oh. Do you think we should travel as human?"

Braith took a breath and reminded herself that this was Addolgar. He wasn't quite like his brother Bercelak. Although that could be why she actually liked him, because he wasn't his brother Bercelak.

"That's not what I meant." She turned her body a bit so she could see Addolgar clearly. "I don't trust these guards."

Addolgar stepped closer. "Why not?"

Braith did not answer right away. She might be attracted to Addolgar, but that didn't mean she could trust him. In fact, Braith trusted few, which was why she spent most of her time alone in her cave. It was safer.

Addolgar knelt down on one knee, one forearm resting on his massive thigh.

"What is it, Braith?" When she still didn't answer: "You can trust me."

Perhaps she could, but Braith had been protecting herself by herself for more than a century, since the death of her beloved mother, when her mother's kin had sent her a letter saying they wanted nothing to do with her because she had her father's blood coursing through her veins. So no, she wouldn't suddenly confide in Addolgar the Cheerful, but what she would say was, "Watch the guards. They are loyal to my father, not to the Queen."

Addolgar's head tipped to the side. "But your father's loyal to the Queen, is he not?"

"My father is loyal to my father. I have always made sure never to forget that."

From the camp they could hear Lady Katarina calling out to Addolgar. Something about tea. Braith hated tea.

"We'll be eating soon," Addolgar said.

"I'll be there in a bit," Braith replied, turning her body back around to face the lake.

Addolgar stood and began to head back to camp. But he stopped just before stepping into the trees. "Want me to save you some ox?" he asked kindly. Why did he have to be so bloody nice?

Braith didn't even bother to turn around. "No, thank you."

She heard him walk off, which wasn't really hard since he stomped like a moose. Once she knew she was alone, she let out a long sigh.

Briefly, she entertained the thought of breaking her oath to the Queen and just flying off. It would be easy enough; no one really cared that she was here. No one cared about her at all. But she knew she couldn't do that-her oath was her bond. Just as her mother had taught her.

After allowing herself to really wallow in all that self-pity, Braith decided to head back to camp. But as she stood, she knew dragons were near again. Once more, she brought up her fists and spun around, ready to fight.

Strong claws covered handsome faces because they, if no one else, knew what those fists could truly do.

"A little nervous, sister?" her brother asked from behind his raised claws.

"Always a little nervous," her other brother said.

And once Braith saw her older brothers standing in front of her, in the middle of nowhere, she knew she'd been right-her father was going to betray the Queen.

By the time Addolgar returned to the campsite, Lady Katarina was waiting for him with fresh tea and biscuits. She smiled at him as he approached.

"I was afraid you'd abandoned me, Sergeant."

"No, no. Not at all. Just checking on Lady Braith."

"She doesn't seem very happy," she murmured.

"Oh, she always looks like that." Addolgar sat down by the fire and took the tea from Lady Katarina, holding the metal cup between both claws. He sipped it, forced himself not to wince at the bitter flavor. He'd never been a fan of tea. He preferred water ... or just plain ale. He really liked ale. "She just has a lot on her mind."

"I'm sure she does. In fact, I think she has you on her mind."

"Me?" Addolgar chuckled. "Doubt that, Lady."

"Why would you say that?"

"She's never shown me the least bit of interest. I doubt she'd start now."

She held out a tin of biscuits and Addolgar picked one up with the tips of two claws, nibbled it, rather than shoving it into his mouth before grabbing a handful more. He worried he'd have to eat the oxen like this as well. All polite nibbles and patient rendering, rather than tearing and ripping until he could get to the steamy insides like he usually did at mealtime.

She motioned to the tea, apparently done with the topic of Braith of the Darkness. "Drink up. The bitterness will go away in a bit."

Addolgar nodded and took another gulp of the tea.

He didn't think Lady Katarina was right, though, because he couldn't imagine the tea tasting better anytime soon.

Lady Katarina sat down beside Addolgar. "You're very ... sweet, Sergeant Addolgar."

Addolgar couldn't help but smile. "You mean ... compared to my family?"

"Oh, no, no-"

"It's all right, Lady." He shrugged. "I'm a Cadwaladr. I have no shame about that. No ... insecurities."

"You're proud of them."

"Of course I am. They're my kin."

"And they'll be there for you? No matter what?"

Addolgar frowned, confused by the question. "Why wouldn't they be?"

"I'd heard they can be"-she thought a moment-"harsh. To each other, I mean."

"Some might say. But no more than any one of us can handle. And usually not more than any one of us deserves."

"Good." Her smile was soft ... and a little sad. "I'm glad."

"I'm glad you're glad."

Unable to tolerate any more of the horrid tea, Addolgar went to put the cup down, but it tumbled from his claw, tea splattering across the ground.

"Huh." He looked at Lady Katarina. "I'm a bit of a fumble-claws tonight. Guess I'm more tired than I realized."

"Go to sleep. It's all right."

"All right. Just have the lads wake me up in a few hours so I can take night watch."

"Of course," she said, her voice seeming to fade to Addolgar's ears. "And thank you, Sergeant."

Addolgar stretched out, trying to keep himself raised on his elbow, but his forearm gave out and he ended up crashing to the ground.

He tried not to look as clumsy as he felt and asked, "What for, Lady Katarina?"

"For being ever so kind."

"You're welcome," he said, grinning.

Lady Katarina's image dimmed, and he briefly thought about spitting in an attempt to get the bitter taste of that awful tea out of his mouth. But, unfortunately, everything went black before he had the chance.

"What are you two doing here?" Braith asked her brothers, hoping to sound as vapid as they believed her to be. As confused. Like their father, they gave her very little credit.

"To take Lady Katarina."

"Against her will?"

Meical scoffed, rolling his eyes. "Of course not. She's as involved in this as the rest of us."

"The rest of us?"

Afanen said with a dismissive shrug, "The soldiers here. They're loyal to Father. Well ... except for that big Cadwaladr oaf."

"Good thing they sent him and not Bercelak," Meical noted. "Or Ghleanna. That would have been messy."

"Do you really think he's just going to let her go without a fight?" Braith asked, her mind already racing.

"No need for all that." Meical stepped back as Lady Katarina came through the trees, three of the soldiers with her.

"It's done," Katarina announced, her eyes on Braith. Locked on Braith.

"Good, my lady," Meical said. "Then we should be off quickly."

Katarina kept her eyes on Braith and, for a few brief seconds, she thought the female was challenging her. But then Braith realized ... she wasn't. She was, however, trying to tell her something.

Braith cleared her throat. "Uh ... what about Addolgar?"

"He's been handled," Meical insisted.

"And if he's not," Afanen told her, "the rest of the soldiers will ensure he is before they follow us."

"You lot go then," Braith said brusquely. "I'll make sure he's taken care of."

"Braith-"

"We don't want to get this bit wrong, brothers. Father will have your asses if we do."

"She's right," Meical agreed. "Go. Make sure he's done, then follow the soldiers to our next location. They know where to go. Understand?"

"Of course."

Katarina nodded at Braith, her eyes widening a bit before she turned from her and took to the air.

Braith waited until her brothers and the three soldiers followed before she turned and charged back toward the campsite.

She found the remaining guards surrounding Addolgar's body. They glanced at her as she burst through the trees, but quickly refocused on Addolgar.

"I don't think he's dead yet," said one.

"Should we wait?" asked another.

"No," he said, and Braith began to panic. "Kill him. Let's be done with it and go."

He was only unconscious for a bit, but Addolgar had quickly figured out that Lady Katarina had poisoned him, though she clearly hadn't given him enough to kill him. One of his cousins liked poisons and understanding how much poison to use based on weight and gender and age was something all good poisoners learned. True, Katarina might be a bad poisoner, but if she'd been really trying to murder him, she most likely would have overcompensated, giving him enough to kill him instantly and with great pain and blood.

No. He was certain she'd known what she was doing, but she probably hadn't counted on these soldiers hanging back to make sure he was dead. They probably wouldn't have bothered for anyone else, either, but they would never take a chance on a Cadwaladr surviving. That was something a royal like Lady Katarina would not understand.

Addolgar could move, but he was weaker than normal and so he waited, pretending to be unconscious, hoping that he'd get a chance to use the element of surprise to his advantage.

While he waited, he used his mind to call to his sister, a skill all immediate kin had with each other.

Ghleanna.

Addolgar? What is it?

Trouble. I need you. Where are you?

Ten minutes away.

What?

Did you really think Bercelak trusted bloody Berg? Do what you must, brother. I'm coming for you.

Addolgar should have known his brother had sent someone to shadow them, but he would be forever grateful. Still. Ten minutes could be a lifetime if he couldn't stop these bastards before they hacked him to death. Yet before he could come up with a plan, Addolgar heard Braith's voice. Gods, was she part of this, too? No. He couldn't imagine that. Not Braith. There was something about her that seemed ... well ... she seemed not to care about much of anything. He couldn't imagine she would bother betraying the Queen. So he refused to think she'd start now. Especially when she'd been the one to warn him about her father's hand-picked soldiers.

"You lot go on," Braith ordered, and Addolgar opened his eyes just a bit so he had a good idea of where everyone was standing ... and what his odds were. "I'll finish him," she said, holding up an eating dagger sharp enough to cut his throat.

The soldiers nodded and began to move away ... except one. That one, a big Red, held up his claw, halting the others. His blue eyes narrowed on Braith and, after a moment, he said, "That's all right, Lady Braith. Your father's orders were clear. We kill the Cadwaladr and then we go. This isn't something you need to worry about."

With a jerk of his head toward Addolgar, the soldiers turned back to him, all of them pulling out their swords. Behind them, Braith let out a sigh, her head momentarily dropping. Perhaps her father's control over her was greater than Addolgar had thought. It seemed valid. He was clearly a dragon to fear.

But then she raised bright green eyes, her gaze locking on the soldiers. Fascinated, Addolgar couldn't even focus his attention on his imminent death. Instead, he continued to watch Braith.

Watched as she grabbed two of the guards by their hair with her talons, using one forearm for each. She yanked them back, flipped both of them up at the same time, and then brought them down hard, their necks snapping in the process. Before dying, the two males cried out, startled at the attack, and the remaining soldiers spun around to face her.

The Red snarled, smoke coming from his nostrils. "Your father warned us we might have to kill you. Guess he was right."

The Red raised his sword and charged, and Braith punched. She punched him in the snout. A punch so hard that Addolgar heard bone shatter, saw blood splatter the others. The Red stumbled back, landed on his ass. His snout was pushed back so far, he couldn't speak and he had to breathe through his open mouth.

The others charged, and Braith caught the forearm of one, yanked him forward, and broke it over her other forearm. While still holding him, she brought up her now-free fist and hit the soldier behind her in the face, spun, and punched him in the gut. She grabbed the one whose arm she'd broken and yanked his head to the side, breaking his neck.

By the time Braith faced the last standing soldier, the dragon's sword was arcing down toward her. Braith quickly reached up and caught the dragon's forearms in her claws, held them. The pair struggled against each other. The soldier was strong, but to Addolgar and the soldier's surprise, Braith was much stronger.

She yanked the soldier's forearms apart so his sword dropped to the ground. Then she dragged the guard closer, rammed her head against his. Once. Twice. Until he was dazed, nearly out cold. That's when she went behind him and grabbed his head. Addolgar thought she'd snap his neck like the others, but instead she forced her claws between his jaws and pried them open-and she kept prying until she'd broken the soldier's jaws away from his head.

She dropped the body, picked up her dagger, and ran toward Addolgar. As she did, she passed the Red and she didn't even stop as she charged by the still-breathing-but-clearly-dying dragon, cutting his throat as she moved and letting him bleed out while she came to Addolgar's side.

Addolgar closed his eyes again, continued to feign unconsciousness. He felt her stroke his hair. "Addolgar? Addolgar?" She pressed two claws against his throat, felt for signs of life. When she found them, she let out a sigh.

"Thank the gods," she whispered. "I'm so sorry, Addolgar. I had no idea he would ever ..." She swallowed. "Don't worry. We'll get you help and then I'll go straight to the Queen. I'll tell her everything. My father will pay for this betrayal."

Yes. Her father would pay. And so would Braith. As one of Elder Emyr's offspring, she would suffer the fate of her kin for no other reason than that she shared their bloodline. Addiena would want revenge now. Not when they eventually tracked Emyr down. And Addolgar realized he couldn't let that happen. It wasn't fair. Addolgar would hate to be held responsible for some of the stupid centaur shit his kin did on a daily basis. So why should Braith suffer for her father's treachery?

Yet he now understood Braith's sense of honor. Not that people talked about it as they talked about Bercelak's triumphs in battle or Ghleanna's fearsome reputation among enemies. No. He hadn't heard about it, he just saw it. In what she'd just done. Using her bare claws, she'd fought for his life and saved it. So Addolgar knew her honor existed. Knew it was powerful, which meant she wouldn't listen to reason. She wouldn't believe that Queen Addiena would hold against Braith what had clearly been plotted and executed by her father.

Addolgar wouldn't let that happen.

So when Braith got to her claws and turned away from him to, he assumed, figure out her next step, Addolgar did the only thing he could think of. He forced himself to his claws, ignored how dizzy he felt, and grabbed the back of Braith's head, slamming her right into the tree he'd passed out beside.

She went down hard, and was definitely out cold.

Panting, exhausted just from that little burst of energy, Addolgar stumbled and landed on his ass. He let out a sigh, glad to be sitting since standing wasn't working well for him at the moment. He patted Braith on her now-bleeding head.

"Don't worry, Braith of the Darkness. I won't let you get yourself into trouble. No. I'm going to save you from yourself just as you saved me from those bloody treacherous bastards. That's what friends do for each other. And since you saved my life ... we're friends, you and me." He grinned despite the pain in his head and the need to vomit whatever he'd eaten earlier in the day. "Friends! Because look at the great way I take care of you!"

Chapter 4

Addolgar smiled and waved at his sister and one of his older brothers, Rhys the Hammer. The pair landed and stared at Addolgar, their wings retracting against their bodies, their heads tilting to the side in curiosity.

Ghleanna went back on her haunches and placed her claws on her hips. "What the bloody hells happened?"

"I've been poisoned."

"By Braith of the Darkness?"

"No. She saved me life."

"So the soldiers killed her?"

"She's alive."

Ghleanna looked around at the soldiers' bodies. "So they beat her before you killed them?"

"Oh, I didn't kill them."

"Then who did?"

"Braith."

Ghleanna frowned. "Braith ... who?"

"Braith of the Darkness." He pointed at the prone She-dragon. "That Braith."

Ghleanna looked over the dead soldiers again. "Braith of the Darkness killed all these soldiers? With poison and then you beat them up after they died?"

Addolgar, known for his patience, was running out of it. "Braith didn't poison anyone. I was poisoned and these soldiers were going to finish me off. Braith killed them all, with her bare claws, and saved me. Which I found quite impressive."

"But the soldiers beat her up first?"

"No one beat her."

Ghleanna looked at Rhys, but their older brother could only shrug.

"Okay," Ghleanna said. "Then what did happen to Braith?"

"Oh! I rammed her head into the tree to stop her from leaving."

Rhys the Hammer, third born to Ailean the Wicked and nearly a hundred years older than Addolgar, shook his head and reminded him, "That is not how you keep a female. Even one that impresses you, Addolgar. Because when she wakes up ... she's going to hurt you."

"I did it for her own good."

Rhys rolled his eyes. "You all say that, but-"

"No, no. Really. I was saving her."

"From?"

"Herself."

Ghleanna and Rhys again looked at each other before Rhys asked her, "You brought me here for this?"

"You'd never believe me if I just told you these things. You must see. So you can understand what I go through."

"Would you two stop?" Addolgar ordered. "I don't feel well."

"Because you beat up Braith of the Darkness?"

"I didn't beat up anyone, Rhys. Because I've been poisoned."

"Is that why you're sweating between your scales?" Ghleanna asked, appearing slightly disgusted.

"Probably."

"Who did poison you then?"

"Lady Katarina."

"Lady Katarina poisoned you and Braith of the Darkness killed all these soldiers?" Ghleanna abruptly shook her head and demanded, "Addolgar, what the holy f**ks has happened here?"

He shrugged. "You're not going to like it, I'm afraid."

"Well ... to be honest, I don't like anything."

Rhys, who had been poisoned by more than one female over the years before he'd met and mated with the perfect She-dragon for him, mixed up something to calm Addolgar's stomach and get him back on his feet.

Addolgar was grateful. The poison Katarina had fed him might not have killed him, but it had made him feel like ox shit. Now, however, he was standing over a still-unconscious Braith and explaining to his sister and brother exactly what had happened.

And what was at stake.

When he was done, Ghleanna looked him right in the eyes and said, "She'd be better off if you kill her now."

"I am not killing her, Ghleanna."

"So you'll let Addiena do it? Because we both know the Queen will. We both know she'll enjoy doing it. She'll take her time with that one, make sure she gets lots of screams."

"Stop. I don't want to hear this. I'm going to help Braith. It's up to you whether you help me."

"So what do you want to do?" Rhys asked. "Hide her in your cave?"

"I think I should take her home."

Rhys frowned. "To your cave?" And it was more a strong suggestion than a question.

"To Mum and Da's house."

"Have you lost your mind?" Ghleanna snapped. "You can't take this bitch to Mum and Da's."

"She's not a bitch."

Braith moaned and her head rolled from one side to another, letting them know she was waking up. So Ghleanna slammed her back claw against the poor She-dragon's head, knocking her out for a second time. "You'd put our parents at risk for some piece of tail?" Ghleanna demanded.

"She saved my life."

"You can fight your own battles!"

"Not when I'm knocked out on my ass!"

"You mean knocked out on your fat ass!"

"My ass, like the rest of me, is perfection!"

"You two!" Rhys bellowed. "With the yelling! Cut it out!"

Annoyed with each other, Addolgar and Ghleanna folded their forearms over their chests and glared off in different directions.

Rhys sighed, and without even looking at him, Addolgar knew his brother was crossing his eyes. It was probably the same expression he always had on his face when he'd been forced to watch the pair of them when they were just hatchlings. He'd finally told their mother it wasn't remotely fair. "They'd be better off with demons watching them. At least the demons would have a fighting chance!"

"We take her back to Mum and Da's," Rhys said.

"What is wrong with you two?" Ghleanna snarled.

"Do you think Da would make a different decision on this?"

"I love our father," Ghleanna told them, "but he can be an irrational idiot. I won't expose our mother to this."

"She definitely wouldn't make a different decision."

"Because she hates Addiena. Loathes her. From years ago. The only time she's ever irrational is when the Queen's name comes up."

"It doesn't matter," Rhys decided. "We take her with us and let Mum and Da decide. If they're fine with her staying, she stays. If not, she goes."

"Fine," Ghleanna growled. "But if this goes bad-I'm blaming you, Addolgar."

Well ... Addolgar had expected that last bit.

Chapter 5

Braith brought her claws to her head and quickly realized her claws were now hands and that she was on a bed in what appeared to be a castle.

"That idiot," she muttered. Because only a Cadwaladr could make this situation worse.

Braith sat up, tossing her legs over the side of the bed. But as soon as her feet touched the cold stone floor, she fell back on the bed, waiting for the spinning to stop.

She gingerly touched her forehead, felt where her head had been split open. Why ... why would that big idiot ram her into a tree? If it was because he thought she'd been part of her father's treachery, she would be in the Queen's pits right now, awaiting execution. Instead, she was in a human bed, in human form-how he'd managed that, she had no idea-and trying desperately not to pass out again.

While lying there, Braith moved her jaw around. It, too, was swollen, although there was no lump. Somehow she doubted Addolgar had done that to her, but she wouldn't put it past one of his siblings.

Siblings who were probably all over this castle.

She knew that was where she was. In a castle, where the scent of fire dragons was in every nook and corner, which meant only one thing....

Because there was only one dragon she knew of who not only had a castle but actually lived in it rather than on it. And that dragon was Ailean the Wicked.

It made sense, though, didn't it? Anytime Ailean's offspring were concerned or confused or had done something that might get them put to death, they returned here for advice from their mother, Shalin the Innocent, or help from their father and the rest of the Cadwaladr Clan. But to Braith, coming here meant putting two very kind dragons at risk. Something she'd been trying to avoid from the beginning. She didn't want any more innocents hurt because of her father.

The room finally stopped spinning, and Braith was able to sit up. When she felt strong enough, she stood. She took a few tentative steps, and since that felt good, she walked to the door and opened it. The servant standing in the hallway gasped at the sight of Braith. Quickly closing the door, Braith proceeded to look for something to wear. Since she only intended to be human until she made it to a clearing, she pulled a long cotton shirt out of a trunk and drew it over her head. It reached her knees, and she decided that would cover enough of her for the sensitive humans.

She went back to the door and again opened it. The servant was still there, cleaning up after one of the dogs running around. Head held high, Braith walked down the hallway and then down the stairs until she reached the first floor and the Main Hall.

As one of the main dining areas for the extensive Cadwaladr Clan, there were many tables, but only one was occupied. That's where Addolgar and his parents sat eating their breakfast of meat and bread. Braith decided to forgo common courtesy and headed straight toward the open front doors.

She had barely passed the table when she heard, "Oy!"

Braith kept walking, not looking back, not answering. She merely had to get to the open double doors. She did, too. Making it outside and going down the stone steps. But as her bare feet stepped onto the courtyard, Ghleanna stood there, waiting for her.

"Going somewhere, Lady Braith?" Ghleanna asked.

"I have somewhere to be. So move."

"Wait, wait." Addolgar jogged down the steps, stopping by Braith's side. "You can't leave."

"I can't stay, Addolgar. You are putting your kin at risk. You know what the Queen will do-"

"Exactly," he cut in. "I know what the Queen will do even though you did nothing wrong."

"Then that's what I'll tell her."

"Oh, please," Ghleanna scoffed. "Do you really think that female will listen to you?"

"That female is our Queen. Now get out of my way."

Braith pushed past Ghleanna, but the She-dragon caught her wrist, held her in place.

Letting out a sigh, Braith looked over her shoulder at Ghleanna.

"Perhaps," Ghleanna murmured, "I wasn't clear."

"Actually," Braith admitted, "you were."

"Oy. Boy."

Addolgar looked behind him and saw his father gesturing to him with his hand.

"But, Da-"

"Up here now."

With a frustrated sigh, Addolgar jogged back up the stairs until he stood by his father's side.

After Rhys had headed out to see if he could find out any more information about what all of Emyr's plans might be while not alerting the Queen to what had already happened, Addolgar had sat down with his parents to talk about what their options were. What he hadn't expected was to see Braith walking out of his parents' home with, he was sure, the intention of turning herself in to the Queen.

"What is it, Da?" he asked Ailean, anxious to get Braith back inside.

"Just moving you out of the way, boy."

"What are you talking-"

Before Addolgar could finish the question, his sister flipped up the steps, her back ramming into the hard stone. Snarling, Ghleanna pushed her short, black hair off her face before charging back down the stairs toward Braith. Addolgar began to follow, but his father quickly caught hold of his arm and held it.

"You don't want to do that, boy."

Addolgar didn't understand. Ghleanna was a great soldier, but when she lost her temper ... well, he just knew his sister, and Ailean knew his daughter. So he didn't understand why his father would stop him from protecting Braith-until he saw Braith protecting herself.

It wasn't Braith's skills that stopped him in his tracks but her strength, her power.

Ghleanna, a true battle-hardened soldier, didn't bother to play by the dragon rules of fighting etiquette. Instead, she just swung her fist-and Braith caught it. Easily. Shocking even Ghleanna, who couldn't pull her hand away. After a moment of silence and intense glaring, Braith yanked Ghleanna forward at the same time she swung her free fist. Her knuckles slammed into Ghleanna's face, blood splattered, and after Braith released Ghleanna's hand, Addolgar's sister crashed to the ground. She was out cold, her nose broken from the looks of it.

Unfortunately, the other Cadwaladrs that were lurking nearby, most likely using the courtyard to sleep off last night's drink, were now awake and moving forward. As one, as they'd been trained to move since hatching, they surrounded Braith. One of their own had been harmed. No matter the situation, Cadwaladrs always protected their own, whether it was from humans or other dragons or bloody centaurs. They prided themselves on their loyalty to blood and kin.

And Braith was neither.

Braith slowly looked over those surrounding her, then cracked her neck. It must have been the sound of those bones grinding that panicked one of his younger cousins. She moved first, coming at Braith quick and hard, but she barely got within three feet of her before Braith's forearm hit her with such force, she sent the young She-dragon flying back and through the wall of one of the courtyard buildings. That's when the others moved, Addolgar's kin descending on Braith like the battle dogs the royals called them.

But, wearing only his shirt and with no weapons, Braith stood her ground as he'd never seen anyone stand their ground before. She wasn't graceful. She wasn't a proper soldier. No. Braith of the Darkness was simply brutal ... vicious ... like a powerful pit dog. There wasn't one part of her body she wasn't willing to risk in order to harm her opponent. Yet her innate strength seemed to protect her, and she used that strength without pity, without regret.

"Gods," Addolgar breathed.

"I know." Ailean glanced behind him before softly admitting, "Just like her mum, that one. I knew her mum long ago. Before she met Emyr."

"Is there anyone you hadn't f**ked before you mated with Mum?"

"One or two," his father teased. "Of course, those were girls that," he felt the need to add, "really didn't like males in the first place."

Addolgar rolled his eyes, unwilling to discuss his father's past conquests further, which was when he noticed that Braith still stood-while the rest of his family did not.

He glanced at his father. "It was like watching one big dog massacre a gang of smaller, weaker dogs."

"Like I said, she's truly her mum's offspring. That female had massive arms and a thick neck. But a lovely long tail," he added with a sigh.

"I don't know how Mum tolerates you."

"She knows that my heart and soul belong only to her. But me past is me own."

Braith looked back at Addolgar, sneering at him, one side of her top lip rising a bit to illustrate her true disgust. Then she stepped over his kin and headed off.

But as Braith walked, she didn't bother to acknowledge the extremely old She-dragon walking toward her in human form, a long, hooded robe covering her from head to booted feet. She moved slowly, leaning heavily on a long walking stick.

Braith had just passed her when the She-dragon's free hand came up and her fingers curled into a fist.

Braith stopped, her own hands reaching for her throat, and began to gasp. Her fingers pawed at what was not there, her body struggling against what no one could see.

The old She-dragon kept walking forward, her hand still in a fist, and as she moved, Braith was dragged along with her. She still struggled, still tried to free herself from the invisible grip, but it was useless.

Addolgar tried to go to help her, but his father's grip tightened, and now with no humor in his usually mirth-filled face, Ailean the Wicked gave a quick shake of his head. "Not this time, boy. This you don't do. This you don't ever do."

Ailean looked over his shoulder and called out, "Shalin. We need you. Now."

By the time Addolgar's mother reached Ailean, the old She-dragon stood in front of the castle stairs and Braith's human face was beginning to turn blue.

"The shame," a voice said from deep inside that hooded robe. "The shame of seein' me own kin getting bounced around like toys by this bit of a lizard."

Brigida the Foul, a more than nine-hundred-year-old Cadwaladr Elder, glared up the stairs at Ailean. Her hood finally fell back, revealing a human face that had been through much over the years and long, white hair. Not the white hair of age-Brigida had been blessed by the gods with that mane of hair since hatching. She was one of the rare White Dragonwitches and feared-for good reason-throughout the Southlands and beyond.

Everyone, even the Cadwaladrs, kept waiting for her to die ... but she simply wouldn't. She wouldn't!

"Hello, Great-Aunt Brigida," Shalin cheerfully greeted. "What a surprise to see you here. It's been much too long."

"Always so cheery, now that you've got the idiot here plowing ya on the regular."

Addolgar's mother smiled in the face of that appalling insult and said, "Would you like me to show you an available room? I think your favorite is-"

"Quiet, girl! With all that chattering! It annoys me." Brigida glanced at the still-struggling Braith. "Who is this?"

Ailean opened his mouth, but Brigida cut him off with a curt, "I'm talking to the boy."

Addolgar realized she was talking to him. "Uh ..." Addolgar cleared his throat. "This is Braith of the Darkness."

"Who is her kin, boy? I care not for her name."

"She's a Daughter of the House of Penarddun."

His great-great-aunt made a sound that some generous soul might call a laugh. "Well then ... that explains so much."

"She's here under my protection, Great-Aunt."

"Is she?" Brigida sneered. "Well, you're doing a bang-up job since she just beat up your kin and almost walked out of here to wherever she was headed."

"It's all a misunderstanding. I just need time to speak to her. So could you please ... unhinge?"

"You'll need some chains," she replied.

"Chains?"

Brigida lifted her fist, and Braith's body rose from the ground at the same time. Then Brigida dropped her fist hard and Braith slammed into the ground, knocked out completely from the impact.

Poor thing. If she wasn't being thrown into trees or attacked by his kin, she was being mystically flung to the ground by his old, terrifying great-great-aunt.

It was really going to be impossible to talk to Braith in a rational, calm manner after all this.

Addolgar looked at his father. "Uncle Arranz leave those chains of his around?"

"Check our room, dear," Shalin suggested. A suggestion that had Addolgar and Brigida staring at her while his father grinned and gazed off across the courtyard. Shalin's pale, freckled face flushed a deep, extremely bright, red.

His poor mother lifted her skirt so it didn't drag on the ground and quickly said to Brigida, "Why don't I get your room ready, Great-Aunt?" She spun and practically ran off.

Brigida shook her head at Ailean, her white hair whipping around her brutally scarred face. "Another poor female you've turned into a whore, Ailean the Slag."

Ailean didn't have the decency to be a little humble. Instead, his grin stretched into an outright leer and the old witch sucked her tongue against her teeth before slowly walking up the stairs, refusing Addolgar's offer of assistance.

"Get your bit of lizard, Addolgar the Cheerful. Let's get her secured before she wakes up and tears the walls of this ridiculous place down around us."

And based on what Addolgar had already seen ... Braith was the one dragon who could do just that with very little effort.

Oh, and as for his battling kin? They were already starting to wake up, which meant the complaining would come soon enough because none of them liked to lose. Especially when they lost to a bloody royal.

Chapter 6

Braith opened her eyes and screamed at what hovered above her, "Gods! Death comes for me!"

The horrifying face of death curled its lip at her and growled, "Well, that's charmin'." Death sat back in its chair, hands resting on its knees. "This face is not me fault, ya know?" Death looked off, thought a moment. Its finger traced one of the deep gouges across its jaw. "This one actually is kind of me fault." She pointed at the other side of her face, where part of her chin was missing. "And this one. A bit of barney at the pub."

Braith studied the beast sitting next to her bed. There were so many scars on that face and neck. Gouges. One eye was crystal blue, but the other was a milky white and grey. But that was the eye she felt saw beyond scale and flesh to soul ... so that it could steal it right from the body.

"What are you?"

That milky white and grey eye quickly locked on Braith, the blue one slowly coming along for the ride, sizing her up. "Don't you mean who am I?"

"No."

Those disturbing eyes narrowed and that damaged top lip curled. But before further words were spoken, the bedroom door pushed open and Addolgar-that idiot!-rushed in.

"What's going on?"

"She asked me what am I."

Addolgar's brown eyes widened in what appeared to be panic.

"I'm sure she didn't mean that," he said quickly. "It was ... it was the hit on her head," he offered, nodding desperately at Braith. "She's mad from that. You should ignore her."

Death growled a bit, then stood. "I'll be downstairs with your father," it told him as it slowly made its way across the room. "Sort this out, boy. The Cadwaladrs don't need anyone's problems but their own. Understand?"

"I do."

"Good."

Death walked out of the room, slamming the door behind it and Addolgar let out a breath, shoulders slumping, arms hanging down.

"What the hells was that thing?" Braith demanded. "Why are you sending death to my room?"

Addolgar glanced back at the door, his hands lifting, indicating for her to keep her voice down. "That was not death," he whispered. "That was our Great-Aunt Brigida."

"Brigida? Brigida the Foul?" He nodded. "I thought she was dead."

Addolgar shook his head and whispered, "She just won't die."

"I heard that, boy!" Brigida's voice rang down the hall, and Addolgar's pale human face turned paler. Braith did find it disturbing someone that old could hear a whispered comment behind a thick wooden door, but honestly, at the moment, Braith had other issues to deal with.

"Addolgar?"

He looked up at her, tried to smile. "Aye?"

She lifted her hands. "What are these?"

"Chains."

"Why am I wearing them?"

"To protect you from yourself." He seemed to calm down, his uncomfortable smile turning bright and cheerful. "See? I'm here to take care of you!"

Braith sighed. "Addolgar the Cheerful ... you are such an idiot."

Addolgar walked across the room and sat on his bed. The bed that Braith of the Darkness was currently on. She looked surprisingly cute on his bed, wearing his shirt and his uncle's chains, and sporting that big lump on her forehead.

"I know you're angry," he told her.

"You threw me into a tree."

"I had to."

"You had to? And why did you have to do that?"

"Because if I'd stopped to discuss the situation with you instead, Braith, we'd still be there ... talking. I didn't have time for that. I didn't know if your brothers would be coming back to look for you or if I'd be strong enough to fight them."

"Addolgar, I'm trying to protect you and, unfortunately, now all of your kin."

"The kin you just slapped around?"

"They're still breathing, aren't they? Because, usually, I don't allow for that last part. I was just trying to leave. Your family decided to keep me here."

"Because I'm trying to protect you."

"I don't need your protection, you git!"

"And I don't need yours, brat, but here we are!" Addolgar folded his arms across his chest and suddenly realized something. "You've made me angry."

"I've been angry for hours now."

"We're not talking about you. You're Braith of the Darkness. I'm Addolgar the Cheerful. I've earned this name, and you're ruining it by being unreasonable."

"You throw me into a tree-"

"That was for your own good."

"-have me attacked by your kin-"

"You brought that on yourself."

"-and leave me alone with Brigida the Foul, of all She-dragons-"

"She got away from us. Normally none of us would have done that. Not even to our worst enemy."

"-and I'm being unreasonable."

Addolgar nodded. "See? You do understand."

Eyes closing, Braith sighed once more, her head dropping into her open hands. "I can't believe I once thought you were adorable."

"Really?" Addolgar grinned. "You think I'm adorable?"

That's when Braith dropped to the bed, using a pillow to cover her face.

"Wait. Does that mean 'Yes, I think you're adorable' or 'No, I don't think you're adorable'?"

When Addolgar pulled that pillow off her, she refused to open her eyes. She didn't want to see his handsome face. This whole thing was ridiculous. She didn't understand what she was doing. What he was doing. What anyone was doing!

"Well?" Addolgar asked her.

Braith finally opened her eyes and found Addolgar leaning right over her. "Well what?"

"Do you really think I'm adorable?"

Braith raised her manacled hands, gripping his chain-mail shirt with her fingers. She lifted her body up by pulling herself closer to his face. Then, while trying to rein in her anger, and failing, she snarled, "I am trying to help you!"

"I know," he said simply. "We're trying to help each other. Like friends."

"Friends?"

"Aye. We're friends now."

"Are we?"

"Of course we are!" he replied cheerfully-just like his name. "Why wouldn't we be friends?"

"Because you threw me into a tree?"

"To help you. You keep forgetting that part."

Unsure what else to do, Braith released her grip on his shirt and dropped back to the bed.

"So are you just going to keep me here? Locked in chains like some human prisoner?" She studied him. "Maybe I should just shift to dragon and be done with all this."

"You wouldn't do that," he told her with what seemed to be an astounding amount of confidence, considering what they'd recently been through. "I know you wouldn't harm innocent humans, nor destroy my father's property."

Damn the bastard, but he was right.

"Look, Braith, once I'm sure you're not going to do anything incredibly stupid, I'll release you. And going to the Queen to tell her about your father-incredibly stupid."

"So is hiding from her."

"You're not hiding. You're trying to fix the problem. We're trying to fix the problem. And we will."

"This isn't your fight, Addolgar."

"It's more my fight than yours. It was me they'd planned to kill. That alone will bring every Cadwaladr within a thousand leagues to exact revenge. Trust me when I say you don't want to be in the middle of that shit storm."

"What does it matter? Your family already hates me."

Addolgar gazed at her for several moments before asking, "Why would you say that?"

"Because they attacked me in your father's courtyard?"

"Only because you battered Ghleanna. And she only tried to stop you because of me. Actually ... my kin was quite impressed. Once we wrapped up their wounds and snapped bones back into place. Where did you learn to fight like that?"

"My mother. And she learned from her mother. The females on my mother's side are, what my father has always called when he was feeling nice, hearty."

"Hearty's good. The Cadwaladrs respect hearty."

Braith couldn't help but snort a little laugh at that while she tried to figure out where to put her damn hands with these damn manacles and chains on them.

"What's so funny?" Addolgar asked.

"Lady Katarina wasn't exactly what I'd call hearty ... and you didn't seem to have any problems with her."

"Well ... no. She wasn't hearty. Not like you." And Braith briefly entertained using the chains to choke the life from the big idiot. "But she's a nice lass."

"Addolgar, she poisoned you."

"But she didn't kill me. That's what's important."

Her mother had been right, all those years ago, when she'd told Braith, "Males will always make excuses for the pretty." It was too bad, really. Braith had always hoped Addolgar wasn't like most males. But in the end, they were all the same, weren't they?

"You're sneering at me," Addolgar noted.

"Am I?"

"Your lip is curled, so it does look like you're sneering."

"I don't mean to." She really didn't. "I just don't know how we're going to fix this. My father ... he's destroyed my life, the honor of my bloodline. He's destroyed everything. And for what?" she asked. "To take the throne of Addiena?"

"That seems like a foolish goal. He'd have to get rid of Addiena, which is near impossible with her Royal Guard protecting her. And then there's her offspring, two of which are witches." He shrugged massive shoulders. "In other words, the House of Gwalchmai fab Gwyar is not to be f**ked with, I'm afraid."

"Perhaps my father's raised an army."

"Wouldn't you know if he had? Wouldn't he discuss it with you first?"

"My father and I aren't ... close. We never have been. He wanted two things when he chose my mother as his mate: sons and her royal title. I was never part of his plan and I mean nothing to him."

"Then why did he involve you in this at all?"

Braith admitted the sad truth. "Because he hates me. Always has. He knew I'd never go along with this. I'm a Daughter of the House of Penarddun, and our oath is our bond. He's never had the guts to outright kill me, so he was hoping I'd go along, put up a fight, and one of the soldiers would do the nasty job for him. This way he keeps his talons clean and he still has his precious sons."

She saw a very dark frown on Addolgar's face, and he said, "Or you could have just gone along with his plan."

"The honor of my mother's bloodline means everything to me," she snapped, "just as it meant everything to her and to all our female ancestors who came before us. You may be from the Cadwaladr Clan, Addolgar the Cheerful, but I'm a direct bloodline from the House of Penarddun. A Daughter. That means something to us. So, I'd rather be executed knowing I'd kept our honor than live a millennium in shame."

Addolgar said nothing as he gazed into her face. She didn't know what he was looking for or what he expected to find. Instead, she held his gaze until a voice at the doorway said, "Then we'd best figure out how to get your granite fists out of this, Braith of the Darkness."

It was Ghleanna. She leaned against the door frame, a wet cloth held to her swollen cheek. Her nose had already been put back into place by kinder hands than the one that had knocked it out of joint.

"I don't understand," Braith admitted. "Why are you all trying to help me?"

The She-dragon shrugged, smirked. "Maybe because it's nice to finally know a female with shoulders wider than mine." She motioned toward the stairs with a tilt of her head. "Come on then, you two. We'd better start figuring out what we're going to do before the rest of these idiots begin drinking again. They'll be useless once the ale comes out."

Ghleanna walked away, and Braith simply couldn't help herself. She lowered her chin to her chest and tried to see how wide her shoulders truly were.

"Don't worry," Addolgar cheered as he grabbed her hands and pulled her up from the bed, the chains obscenely rattling. "Ghleanna actually meant that as a compliment. She loves her giant shoulders."

Once on her feet, Braith looked up at the big, good-natured idiot. He grinned at her and all Braith could do was sigh, shake her head, and walk out of the room ... her chains rattling along as she did.

"What?" Addolgar asked from behind her. "What did I say?"

Chapter 7

Addolgar walked past Braith and went to the table where most of his kin had assembled. He pulled out a chair for her next to his mother and turned. Behind him, he could see Braith walking from the stairs to the Main Hall. She had her head down as she walked, her focus on the chains between the cuffs that were on her wrists. So she was unaware of Bercelak walking up behind her, pulling his sword from the sheath at his side, his face a mask of rage and hatred.

Word of what had happened was spreading among their kin, it seemed, and Bercelak had clearly made up his mind that Braith had betrayed his precious Queen. And for Bercelak the Unpleasant there was only one way to deal with a traitor to the throne.

Addolgar opened his mouth to yell a warning at Braith, but Ghleanna slapped her hand around his mouth, silencing him. He tried to run forward, but one of his good-sized cousins caught hold of him and held him back.

"Shhhh," Ghleanna whispered against his ear. "We've all got gold on this."

Addolgar rolled his eyes, disgusted by all his kin ... and the fact that he hadn't gotten in on the betting.

Bercelak was near Braith by now, his human body moving silently, the sword raised in one hand. If he moved fast enough and severed the spine at the base of Braith's neck, it would be the fastest way to kill her, or any dragon, in human form.

Suddenly Braith's head came up, and without missing a step, she turned and swung. Bercelak was close behind her now so that the chains didn't stop her from making contact with his face.

Bercelak blinked, stumbled a step, blinked again, and fell straight back, crashing to the stone floor.

Shaking out her hand, Braith faced them. She stood there, staring, as the Cadwaladrs stared back. Until Ailean barked, "You lot owe me. Pay up!"

With groans and growls of disappointment, Addolgar's kin began tossing gold coins on the table in front of his father.

Disgusted, Addolgar faced Ailean. "You bet against your own son?"

"Just like you, the boy doesn't pay attention. And seeing that she's just like her mother, he didn't stand a chance against Braith of the Darkness."

"Mum?" Addolgar said to his mother.

"Because I love him," she reminded them all as she'd been doing for centuries. "That's what I'm doing with your father. I love him. So, honestly-just let it go already."

Holding a wet cloth to his head, Bercelak was helped into a chair by his younger sister Maelona.

Maelona wasn't much like the rest of her siblings. Sweet and lithe in her human form, she took more after her mother than her father. A healer rather than a warrior. Which was good-a healer was clearly something this group needed.

"You bet against me?" Bercelak demanded of his father, completely ignoring Braith, who sat across from him.

"You seem surprised," Ailean replied, busy counting his freshly earned gold.

"And explain to me," Bercelak snarled at the rest of his kin, "why this traitor to our Queen is still breathing?"

"Perhaps we think she's too pretty to kill?" one of the cousins suggested with a smile.

"We don't have time for your jokes, Kel," Bercelak snapped back.

"Thank you," Braith mumbled as she again focused on the ridiculous chains. "Thank you very much."

"This isn't Braith's fault," Shalin told her son. "It's her father's."

"And I guess she wants to protect him as well."

Braith shrugged. "Eh."

"We're not going to hold against Braith what her father has done."

"Done with her help, I'd wager."

"She wasn't part of it," Addolgar cut in. "And she saved my life."

"Who cares about your life?" Bercelak demanded.

Addolgar was silent for a moment before he replied, "I do."

Braith studied the dragon who sat next to her. "You had to think about that reply?"

"Wanted to make sure it wasn't a trick question, didn't I?"

"If she lives, chances are high we all die," Bercelak reminded them.

"Not all of us," another cousin reasoned. "Probably just you lot."

"And that suits you, then, does it?"

The cousin shrugged. "No, but you should be clear."

Bercelak closed his eyes, a long sigh escaping his lips. "Why do I bother with any of you sorry bastards?"

"See?" Addolgar said to Braith. "That could be a trick question."

"Would you stop fooling around?" Bercelak snapped, his typically short temper even shorter. In fact, there were newborn mice that were longer than his brother's temper. "This is serious. The Queen will want her head."

"And we will not give that bitch anything." Shalin looked around the table. "Why are you all staring at me?"

Maybe because Shalin only let her anger out when it came to the current queen. Addiena and Shalin had a past revolving around Addolgar's father, and it was something they all understood but rarely discussed. They all knew about Ailean the Slag's past, but discussing it was something not to be done. Some, like Addolgar, merely snickered at the details of their father's past. But Ghleanna and Bercelak felt there was nothing funny about the way Ailean had lived his life before making their mother his all those years ago.

"Mum," Bercelak kindly said, their mother being one of the few dragons he showed any true respect for. "We can't just dismiss this. Whether it was Addiena or her mother, this is something that would be considered treachery by any who held the throne."

"He's right," Braith said softly, her gaze now on Shalin. "I don't know why my father did this, whether he has intentions of taking the throne for himself or for someone who has offered him more than Addiena. But whatever his reason, this cannot be ignored. It has to be dealt with."

"Aye, it does," Brigida announced as she made her slow way back into the hall. She had her walking stick in one hand and a jug of Ailean's ale in the other.

"And what do you suggest, Auntie Brigida?" Ghleanna asked.

Brigida stopped by Bercelak's side and began to tap him on the head with her walking stick. With an annoyed growl, Bercelak got the hint and moved out of the chair and into another one while Brigida took his place and slowly settled her ancient human body at the table.

"I don't know. But I think until we come up with something, we need to stash Lady Fisticuffs away some place safe."

"What about your own kin, female?" Bercelak asked Braith.

"You mean the kin who just turned on the Queen and made me into a walking target?" Braith asked, her attention still on those chains.

"No. I was thinking more your mother-"

"Is dead."

"I know," Bercelak snarled. "But if I recall, your mother has sisters, aunts-"

"No. Going to my Penarddun kin is not an option," she said simply.

Shalin leaned forward. "Braith, dear, why ever not? The Penarddun She-dragons are very loyal ... to their daughters."

"My mother's kin made it perfectly clear to me after she died that they wanted nothing to do with me."

"Did you ever tell them how you feel?" Shalin asked her.

Braith winced. "I'm not good at that sort of thing."

"Your mother passed years ago," Bercelak told Braith. "Are you trying to tell me that in this instance they won't-"

"Yes. I'm telling you they won't ... ahaaaaaaa!" she abruptly crowed, startling everyone at the table. She held up her still-cuffed hands, but now the chain between the cuffs was in two distinct pieces. "Got it!"

She'd pulled the steel chains with her fingers until she'd broken them apart. Something that amazed every Cadwaladr in the room.

Addolgar looked at a shocked Ghleanna and Bercelak, then back at a smiling Braith. "You do know that dwarves made those chains, don't you?" he asked.

Braith studied the chains she'd separated with her bare hands. "So?"

"So?" Bercelak snapped, his head wound briefly forgotten. "Dwarves, female. The ones who share the caves with the Volcano dragons. They make chains that can't be broken by anyone, especially dragons."

"Well, these are pretty old."

"It's dwarf steel. It doesn't matter if it was made at the time the gods were born."

"Your point?" Braith demanded of Bercelak.

"I don't know what my point is!" Bercelak exploded, but he immediately seemed to regret it, his hand going to his head. "Gods, my head hurts."

"Sorry about that," Braith muttered, cringing at his wound.

Bercelak stared at Braith for several long moments until he said, "Arranz."

Addolgar nodded. "Aye," he said to Braith. "Those are Arranz's chains. He won't be happy you broke them."

"Not the chains, you twit!" Bercelak yelled. "What is wrong with you?"

"Nothing." Addolgar thought a moment and added, "I don't think."

Maelona put another cool cloth against Bercelak's head and that seemed to calm him.

"Take her to Uncle Arranz's cave is what I'm trying to tell you."

"Oh. Oh! That's an excellent idea, brother."

"No, Addolgar." Braith looked at Bercelak. "I appreciate what you're all trying to do, but I can't let any of you get more involved than you already are."

Addolgar was reaching for the back of Braith's head when Ghleanna snapped, "Addolgar! Don't you dare do that again!"

Braith looked over just in time to see Addolgar snatch his hand away. "Really? You were going to do that again?"

"You're not being logical."

"So you ram my head into the table?"

"If necessary!"

"You can't help what your father has done, lass," Brigida noted, almost kindly.

"Who said I want to?"

"It's plain on your human face," Brigida said. "But you can't let your loyalty to blood stop you. Your mother wouldn't."

"What do you know of my mother?" Braith snapped.

Addolgar leaned in and said very low, "Careful here. She turned one of our cousins into a lizard once when he questioned her at a family gathering."

"I knew your mother," Brigida stated. "Knew your grandmother, too. Strong females, like you. With a streak of honor leagues wide. And you're just like them. You let your father get away with this and you'll never forgive yourself."

"Who said I was letting my father get away with anything?"

"You will be if you go to the Queen yourself. She'll take your head and won't even bother to look for your father because she'll have gotten her revenge."

"How? He feels nothing for me."

"Do you think Addiena will care?"

"Why are we bothering with all this?" Bercelak demanded, his forehead still swelling. "If she's not going to listen to reason, then let's take her back to the Queen as she wants and let her deal with it!"

Brigida's head snapped around, her steely gaze locking on Bercelak. Black smoke snaked from her nostrils, and Bercelak immediately threw up his hands.

"Fine. Fine," he said quickly. "Do whatever you want."

Braith briefly closed her eyes. "Please don't bicker about this."

"We will if you don't let us help you," Addolgar promised. "At least let us take you to Arranz. He's no big fan of the Queen either, so he'll be more than happy to help."

"You'll be safe there," Ghleanna added. "His cave is like a maze and our cousins enjoy tormenting anyone who tries to enter. You'll have no fear of anyone tracking you down there."

"This doesn't seem right," Braith hedged.

"It's all we can do right now, child," Brigida explained. "At least until we come up with something else or we track your father down."

"Which I will do," Addolgar promised. "He tried to kill me. It's the least I can do for him."

Finally, Braith relented. "All right. I'll do as you ask."

"Good," Brigida said with a nod. "Now, you'll need one of Arranz's kin to accompany you. Take that one with you." She motioned to Addolgar. "And the one with the thick neck over there."

Ghleanna's hand went to her throat. "Me neck isn't thick."

"Thick like a tree trunk," Brigida muttered.

"It's graceful. This neck is long and graceful." Powerful legs landed on the table and Ghleanna crossed her arms over her chest. "Graceful," she growled, appearing to fight an instinct to yell.

Addolgar shrugged at Braith. "Me sister's graceful."

"Yes," Braith replied, her eyes briefly crossing. "I can see that."

Chapter 8

With the chains broken, there was no point in forcing Braith to sit around at dinner with the cuffs still on, so Addolgar removed them.

She rubbed her wrists and nodded a thanks while food was brought out from the kitchens.

Addolgar retrieved wine from the side table and poured Braith a chalice full. He sat down while she sipped it and watched his kin eat, argue, and laugh at dinner.

"You all right?" he asked.

"I'm fine."

"Everything will work out, Braith. I promise."

She gave him a smile that was clearly forced and said, "I know it will. I'm just tired."

"You must be hungry, too."

Braith studied the platters of meats, roasted potatoes, and still-warm crusty bread. "No. I'm not."

"Addolgar," his mother said to him, her small hand resting on his shoulder. "Why don't you take Braith upstairs to get some sleep? It's been a long day for both of you."

When he looked into his mother's face, she frowned a bit and motioned to the back hallway with a tilt of her head.

Taking the hint, Addolgar stood and waited for Braith to follow. She placed her chalice on the table, thanked his mother, and followed him up several flights of stairs to his room. He held the door open for her and Braith stepped in.

"I'll see you in the morning."

Braith did no more than nod before she crawled onto the bed, dropped her head to the pillow, and closed her eyes.

Worried, Addolgar watched her for several moments before he stepped out of the room, carefully closing the door behind him. He turned around, but took a surprised step back when he found his mother standing there. His shoulders hit the bedroom door hard.

"Hello?" a sleepy-sounding Braith called out.

"It's all right, Braith," he told her through the door. "Go back to sleep."

Addolgar took his mother's arm and led her down the hallway.

"What are you doing up here?" he asked, keeping his voice low.

"You'll need to keep an eye on her. She says very little, that one, but I can tell-there's all sorts of things going on in her head."

"You don't trust her either?"

"I don't trust her not to throw her poor, foolish ass on the altar of her mother's honor. She's a Penarddun, Addolgar. They are ... a special kind of royal. I met her aunts when I lived in Devenallt Mountain, and ... well ... honor means everything to them. Which I do appreciate, but this girl is trusting that bitch Addiena to do what is right, which is the stupidest thing she could ever do. So don't let her sneak away from you on this trip."

"I won't, Mum."

"Good." Frowning hard, she studied the floor. He knew his mother was thinking about something, but he didn't expect what she said next. "I like her."

"You do?"

"I do. And I know exactly what she's doing. I used to do it, too, when I was forced to spend time with Addiena. There're all these things you want to say but you keep to yourself out of fear or guilt or whatever."

"Because of Addiena?"

"No. Not for Braith. It's that father of hers." She lowered her voice to a whisper. "I've never liked him. Not at all. But he is dangerous. Maybe not physically to you, but he's not above using others to get what he wants. Keep that in mind."

"I will. And I'll stay outside her door to make sure she doesn't sneak away from here during the night."

"Excellent plan. I'll bring you some food so you can eat up here."

"Thanks, Mum."

Finally smiling, Shalin went up on her toes, then stretched her arm up so that she could pet Addolgar's cheek. "My handsome son."

She winked at him and went down the stairs

"Don't let that compliment go to your head, brother," Bercelak said from behind Addolgar, and it took all of Addolgar's training not to scream and run away. Did the dragon ever make a sound? The big, overbearing bastard. "Mum says the same thing to all her sons."

Addolgar faced his brother. "What are you doing up here?"

"Can't I spend time with my own brother just to catch up and talk about old times?"

Thinking on that, Addolgar finally answered, "No."

Braith was allowed to sleep in Addolgar's room for the night. She didn't mind. His room smelled nice. But she had no delusions she was trusted. Not with Bercelak pacing the hallway outside her door while Addolgar rested against it all night long. The brothers never said a word to each other, but they never left either-although for different reasons she was sure. Bercelak, because he still saw her as a traitor even if it had been his suggestion to take her to Arranz's home deep in the Black Woods about fifty leagues from here. And Addolgar, because he was afraid she would still leave this place in the middle of the night to turn herself over to the Queen.

She would have, too, but there would be no getting past the Cadwaladrs undetected. She did not have the skills for sneaking around. She didn't lumber as some dragons did, but one could definitely hear her coming and going.

So, instead of fretting about it all, Braith slept until she heard a soft knock on the door. She immediately sat up and Addolgar stuck his head in. He smiled at her, looking surprisingly refreshed since he'd spent the entire night on the floor outside the door.

"We'll be leaving in about fifteen minutes. That enough time for you?"

Braith nodded. She didn't primp like some females did. "Are we going as human or dragon?"

"Dragon to start. But bring clothes and a bag for human travel. Just in case, Ghleanna left some clothes for you on that chair over there."

"And my father?"

"Brigida thinks he may have headed north."

"North?" Braith let out a breath, horrified. "He's heading toward the Northlands? To the Lightnings?"

"Perhaps. But don't worry about that now."

Easier said than done. Had her father actually joined forces with the Lightning dragons of the Northlands? The vilest, most brutal dragons and one of their greatest enemies until the Iron dragons had reared their curled-horned heads not too long ago.

Braith threw off the fur covering and swung her legs over the side of the bed. She stood, stretched. And that's when she realized that Addolgar was still standing there ... watching her.

"Anything else?" she asked.

"No. You got nice legs, though."

Braith looked down at her legs. Human legs that she'd always thought were rather thin and weak-looking compared to her legs when she was in her natural form.

"Uh ... thanks?"

When Addolgar continued to stand there, staring at her legs, Braith pushed, "Addolgar?"

"Huh?" he asked, looking up at her.

"Fifteen minutes, right?"

"Right! Right." He nodded. "I'll leave you to it, then."

"Thanks."

The dragon stood there a few seconds longer before he seemed to snap out of whatever haze he was in. But before he could move away from the door, a big shoulder rammed into him, knocking Addolgar's entire body into the wall beside the door.

"Da!" Addolgar exploded at his father.

"You need to pay attention, boy! You can't let a good set of legs and a pretty smile distract you from what's going on at all times. That's how you get your head taken off. And then your mother will cry and I hate when she cries." Ailean smiled at Braith and winked at her before walking off.

Eyes down, his human face red from embarrassment, Addolgar nodded at her and muttered, "Downstairs then," before he stepped back into the hall and closed the door behind him.

With a shake of her head, Braith went about getting her things organized. "The whole lot of 'em," she softly said to herself. "The whole lot of 'em are just daft."

Addolgar was heading down the stairs when Bercelak caught up to him.

"I don't like this," his brother told him as they walked down the stairs.

"You don't like anything. I've heard you complain about the air."

"It irritates me when it whistles. But that's not what I'm talking about. When did Brigida become so helpful?"

"I have no idea because I avoid her like the plague I once heard she vindictively spread in that little town near the Desert Lands."

"Just be careful, brother."

"I'll have Ghleanna with me. She and her thick neck will keep me safe until we get Braith to Arranz's."

"Her neck is thick, isn't it?"

"It runs in the family. Only Maelona has been spared the Cadwaladr thick neck because she takes after Mum."

They went down another set of steps.

"What are you going to do?" Addolgar asked his brother. "Head back to your troops?"

"No. I'm going to see the Queen. See if I can head this off at the pass."

"You haven't told her anything?"

"Of course not. As soon as I heard what happened, I came to make sure you were okay."

Addolgar stopped and focused on his brother. "You do care about me!"

"Oh, shut up!"

They made it to the courtyard and that's where they met Ghleanna. She had on chain mail and the surcoat of an army she and Addolgar had long ago destroyed. A large bag hung off her shoulder and nearly to the ground. It would be much smaller when she was in her dragon form, but once she untied the knot at the top, it would fit around her dragon shoulders just as well, allowing her to carry clothes and human weapons, along with food and other supplies for her dragon form.

"Where is she?" Ghleanna demanded.

"She's coming."

"Keep an eye on her," Bercelak warned Ghleanna. "I still don't trust her. And make sure Arranz is completely apprised of this entire situation so he and our cousins know what to do."

"Of course you don't trust Braith. You don't trust anybody," Ghleanna reminded their brother. "You don't trust the air."

"Because it tends to become unseasonably chilly when I'd prefer it to be warm. It's as if it does it on purpose."

Ghleanna closed her eyes, shook her head.

Braith stepped out of the Main Hall and onto the courtyard steps. She wore nothing but one of Addolgar's shirts, showing off those lovely human legs of hers. But she had a bag similar to Ghleanna's over her shoulder.

Once she stood next to them, Addolgar asked her, "You ready?"

"As ready as I'll-"

Braith's words were cut off as Shalin rushed out of the Main Hall. "Addolgar!"

At his mother's barked words, Addolgar, Ghleanna, and Bercelak dropped their travel bags and pulled their weapons. They instantly surrounded a confused Braith.

From the sky they dropped, the Queen's Royal Guard, surrounding the small group.

Ailean came out of the front door, pushing Shalin and Maelona back inside. Once the doors were closed, he pulled out his sword, resting the tip on the top stone step while his hand loosely clasped the pommel.

"Can we help you?" he asked ... kindly.

"We've come for her," the leader said, his claw pointing at Braith. "Give her to us and we leave you and yours in peace, Ailean the Wicked."

Ailean laughed. "Peace? Cadwaladrs know little of peace, I'm afraid."

On his words, shadows moved and then the Queen's Guards, who were surrounding Addolgar, Ghleanna, and Bercelak, who were surrounding Braith, were now surrounded themselves ... by Addolgar's kin. Most of them were just waking up from a hard night of even harder drinking, but it was one of the first things that every Cadwaladr learned ... to be ready for battle at anytime, anywhere, with the understanding that once they were done killing, more drinking could begin!

Now uneasy, as the Cadwaladr reputation was always in the forefront of any Southland dragon's mind, the guards slowly pulled their weapons, their bodies tensing in preparation for a fight.

"No, no!"

Braith easily muscled her way past Bercelak and Ghleanna, shocking them both since few had ever managed that before. "This isn't going to happen because of me."

"Braith-"

"No, Addolgar!" She let out a sigh, faced him. "I appreciate everything you've done, but no. This is where it stops."

Braith faced the Guard leader. "I'll come with you. Just leave the Cadwaladrs out of it."

Pretending not to be as relieved as he was, the leader nodded and stepped back, gesturing for her to move ahead.

Braith looked over her shoulder at Addolgar. "Thank you for everything, Addolgar. To you and your kin. I truly appreciate all you've done and tried to do." She smiled at him and Addolgar felt his gut tighten at the sight of it.

"Braith, please-"

"It's all right. I'll be fine."

But Addolgar knew she wouldn't be fine. It was her damn honor that was leading her down this road. Her damn honor that was making her take on what he would consider a suicide mission. It was her damn honor that would ensure she'd never listen to reason.

He watched her walk away until she had enough room to remove his shirt and shift to her natural form. She shook out her long, blue hair and blue wings before taking to the skies with the Queen's Guard at her back.

Once they were gone, it was deadly silent all around him as if everyone was giving Addolgar a moment to mourn-

"Owwwwww!" Addolgar roared after Ghleanna's hard hand slapped him in the back of the head . "What was that for?"

"Are you just letting her go?"

"She told me to. Owwwww!" Addolgar now glared at Bercelak , who had also slapped him in the back of his already sore head. "What the hells?"

"She told you to?" Bercelak barked. "What are you? A well-trained dog?"

"Last night you were ready to cut her down in Da's hall."

"That was last night. Today is different! And we're not talking about me, we're talking about you, you idiot!"

"Big-headed Bercelak is right!" one of their cousins called out, earning a glower from Bercelak. "We should follow those Queen's Guards and slaughter them all!"

Addolgar's kin cheered in agreement, but a calmly spoken, "No," stopped them from doing just that.

Ailean still stood at the top of the stairs, staring down at them all. "We will not slaughter anyone."

"So we just let them take her?" Ghleanna asked.

Ailean grinned. "I didn't say that either."

Chapter 9

Braith would admit, she'd expected rougher treatment from the Queen's Guard as they entered Devenallt Mountain. But the Guards were actually quite ... kind. Perhaps they appreciated her preventing a battle between them and the Cadwaladr Clan. Because they all knew-it would have been a battle the Guards would have lost even though their brothers-in-arms would have eventually avenged them.

In the end, though, Braith had simply not seen the point of all those dragons fighting and dying. Her father was a traitor. And getting the Guards killed would have only turned the Cadwaladrs into traitors as well. It was something Braith was not willing to put into motion.

So, she did what her mother would have done-faced the Queen.

The Guards led her to the Queen's throne room, the royals watching Braith from the shadows. There were no curses tossed at her. No threats of retribution for her father's betrayal. They just watched her and said nothing. She didn't know how to take that, so she didn't bother to think on it.

When she stood before the Queen's throne, she sat back on her haunches and briefly bowed her head. "My Queen."

Addiena's cold blue eyes slowly turned toward Braith. "Well, well," the Queen said softly. "The traitor's daughter."

Addolgar leaned around the corner and saw the guards standing outside the Queen's throne room. He pulled back and faced his siblings. "We'll never get past those guards without killing them," he whispered.

Ghleanna shrugged and began to pull out her sword, but Bercelak slapped her claw with his own. "We're not killing the Queen's Guards. We're part of her army."

"Then what do you suggest?"

"Father said we need to buy him time."

"For what?" Addolgar asked. He still didn't know what his father was up to. And based on the way both his siblings shrugged ... they didn't know either.

"Let's just do what he asks and hope for the best," Ghleanna suggested.

"But how?"

"We could start a brawl. We're always good at that."

"Or ... ," Bercelak began, but then his voice trailed off and Addolgar realized his brother had caught sight of one of the Queen's daughters. Princess Rhiannon. Everyone in the family knew of Bercelak's never-ending-and fruitless-obsession with the meanest royal in all of the Southlands.

She was walking by when Bercelak quickly stepped in front of her-completely forgetting about poor Braith!

"Princess Rhiannon," he said.

The white She-dragon looked up at him, her lip curling back over bright, white fangs. "Low Born."

"It's good to see you too."

Ghleanna's eyes crossed in exasperation-Rhiannon was their brother's one and only true weakness-while Addolgar stamped his claw and snarled at his brother, "What are you doing? We're running out of time!"

Rhiannon suddenly focused on Addolgar and he had to admit-he didn't really like it.

"Running out of time for what?" Her eyes narrowed. "Are you planning to kidnap me?"

"Can we?" Bercelak asked.

Ghleanna slapped the back of Bercelak's head and Addolgar admitted the truth: "We're trying to stop an execution."

"An execution? Oh. You mean poor Braith of the Darkness," she said casually. "Oh, yes. My mother will definitely have her dead in the next five minutes."

"Well, I don't want that," Addolgar said, horrified.

"Why do you care?"

"I just do!"

"She saved his life," Ghleanna explained.

"And like the loyal fight dogs that you are, you feel the need to rush in and rescue her from the scary demon dragoness?"

"You mean your mother?" Ghleanna asked.

"There's no proof of that."

"You have her eyes."

"It's like you want me to have you killed," the princess snapped back at Ghleanna.

"This isn't helping Braith!" Addolgar exploded. "We just need to buy some time."

Rhiannon sighed dramatically, eyes rolling. She glanced around, reached into a small group of young males, and pulled one out.

"Bram, my dearest friend. These low borns need your help. Introduce yourselves, all, because I'll not remember you, much less this conversation in the next five minutes."

"Bercelak. Addolgar." The young dragon greeted them, his gaze lingering a little long on Addolgar's sister. "Ghleanna."

Bercelak frowned. "Do we know you?"

"I'm Bram," the dragon said, appearing confused. "I stayed with your parents last summer."

"Oh." Ghleanna glanced at them. "Right. Uh ... Brogue."

"Bram."

"Right. Bram. Bram the ... Friendly?"

"Merciful."

"Of course!" Ghleanna smiled, patted his shoulder. "Bram the Merciful. My father speaks quite highly of you."

"Really? What did he say?"

"Uh ..."

"We don't have time for this!" Addolgar pushed Ghleanna out of the way and grabbed the young dragon's forearm. "Just go in there and do something, whoever you are."

"Do what?"

"They're trying to stop the execution of Braith of the Darkness," Rhiannon stated, still calmly.

"Well, that execution's practically written in stone."

"Then unwrite it!" Addolgar barked. "Or I'll go in there and lay waste to everyone!"

Not liking that response, Bercelak snarled, so Addolgar added, "Everyone but the Queen."

"Then you're of no use to me," the princess muttered.

"Rhiannon," the young, unknown dragon chastised. "Remember our discussion about things to say out loud and things to keep in one's head? This is a keeper."

Bercelak suddenly stepped into the young dragon. "You seem awfully familiar with Princess Rhiannon."

Blinking up at Bercelak, the dragon stuttered, "Uh ... well ... uh ..."

"Gods, Bercelak." Ghleanna shoved Bercelak aside and caught hold of the young male. "Go in there, Bram, and do whatever is necessary to get us some time. Can you handle that?"

"Aye."

"Good. Now go."

Bram the Whatever rushed off toward the throne room.

"Where's Da?" Addolgar demanded.

"He'll be here. But you need to calm down," his sister warned.

Bercelak, uninterested in any of this, faced the princess again. He smiled and she, in turn, sneered. "Low borns. I have absolutely no use for them." However, she did nod at Addolgar. "Good luck saving Braith's life, Cadwaladr. You probably won't, but ... good luck just the same."

She turned, the sharp tip of her white tail nearly slicing Bercelak's snout in two before she disappeared into a nearby chamber.

"You do realize you don't have a chance with her, don't you?" Ghleanna asked their younger brother.

"Shut up before I remove your scales."

"Your father's betrayal," the Queen went on, "does not sit well with me, Braith of the Darkness."

And Braith didn't bother replying to that or anything else the Queen said. What was the point? Braith could tell by the way this was going that nothing would save her, and speaking out would probably only make it worse. In fact, she hoped if she kept silent the end would be quick. So she kept her eyes lowered and waited for it all to be over.

"Uh ... excuse me, Your Majesty?" a voice said from behind Braith.

She didn't turn around, but she could hear another dragon moving up behind her.

"What is it, Bram?" the Queen testily asked.

"I'm sorry to interrupt, Your Majesty, but I was hoping to involve myself in this."

"Involve yourself?"

"Uh ... yes. Involve myself. With Braith's defense."

"Defense?"

"Why, yes, Your Majesty. Braith will get a defense, won't she? Since the accusation has been against her father and not actually Braith herself. Correct?"

There was a long, painful pause, and Braith expected the Queen to order her guards to just cleave off Braith's head. No one would exactly be surprised if she did, and the way the entire chamber became quiet ...

Braith simply closed her eyes and waited, but in the silence, she heard something. The sound of wood striking stone and it kept moving closer.

It was curious how everyone became so silent, even the Queen. Unable to wait any longer, Braith looked over her shoulder. And that's when she saw Brigida the Foul slowly moving across the throne room, her dragon body leaning heavily on her wooden walking stick, her left back claw dragging behind her as if unable to function at all.

As she moved forward, everyone stepped out of her way. Royals, guards ... everyone. Braith had never seen anything quite like it.

Brigida was a Cadwaladr. Not mated into the Clan but born into it like Ailean and Addolgar and all the rest. She was, as far as Southland royalty was concerned ... a low-born dragon. And royals didn't move back from low-born dragons unless they needed the low borns to remove a half-eaten carcass. Yet no one approached Brigida. No one stopped her. And the Queen gazed at her with something that Braith truly believed to be fear.

"Gods," Bram whispered to her. "This was Ailean's idea to save you?"

Braith could only shrug, because she had no idea what the Cadwaladrs were planning. Which, at the moment, was the most horrifying thing about all this.

Addolgar looked at his siblings, but all they could do was shrug helplessly. Why their father would send Brigida to help Braith, he didn't know. The Queen was not a fan of witches in general, and seemed to loathe White Dragonwitches specifically. No one knew why, but many suspected it had to do with her daughter, Rhiannon. Rhiannon was a white She-dragon after all. But she did not seem to have the same level of mystical power that Brigida or the few other White Dragonwitches of the Southlands had.

But, honestly, none of that mattered. Not with Braith's life on the line.

"Come on," Ghleanna said, tugging at Addolgar's forearm. She headed inside the chamber, Addolgar and Bercelak following. The guards let them by, but watched closely.

Brigida was still making her very slow way across the chamber toward the Queen.

Addolgar was about to storm around her one way while Bercelak went the other, but Ghleanna caught them both by the hair and yanked them back.

"But-" Addolgar began.

"We follow," Ghleanna whispered.

"She's moving like a snail," Bercelak grumbled.

"We follow," Ghleanna insisted.

So they did ... very slowly. Painfully slowly. Addolgar hadn't known anything could move that slowly and still be moving.

Even stranger, though, was the fact that everyone waited for Brigida. They watched. They waited. They moved out of her way. The She-dragon was clearly feared by one and all in this hall.

Except Braith, he realized. She'd been the only one he'd ever met, even among his kin, willing to brazenly, as Brigida called it, "back talk" her.

He found something rather endearing about that. Well ... maybe not endearing. But charming. No. Not charming.

Cute. It was cute. She was cute. Very, very cute.

"Stop staring at her!" Ghleanna whispered.

"Huh?"

"At Braith," she continued to whisper. "Stop staring at her like you're planning to kill her yourself."

"Was I?"

"What's wrong with you?"

"That is such an open-ended question," Bercelak scoffed.

"Nothing," Addolgar replied. "I was just thinking."

"About what?"

"How cute she is," he answered honestly.

Bercelak stopped. "Brigida?"

Addolgar thought on that a moment. "I don't know if I'd call Brigida cute. Would you, Ghleanna?"

Ghleanna stopped, covered her eyes with her claws. "You two have to be the dumbest centaur-fuckers ever."

"Gods, you are so hostile," Bercelak complained.

"I was thinking that," Addolgar agreed.

Braith didn't know what Ailean's offspring were doing. They kept stopping and bickering. Stopping and bickering. Even worse, they kept whispering-but they were in a cave chamber ... everyone could hear them.

And, at first, Braith thought that Addolgar was suggesting she was cute but then Bercelak mentioned Brigida ... ?

Was this really how the end of her life would look? Really?

"You must have faith," Bram said low, his voice managing not to carry.

"Faith? In what?"

His smile was small but there. "In them."

Perhaps Bram the Merciful was right. The Cadwaladrs were known to successfully manage two things-fix things completely or make them a thousand times worse.

And since she didn't see how any of this could get worse ...

"My Queen!" Brigida greeted Addiena when she finally arrived before her throne. "How good to see you looking so well."

"And you ... you look ..." Addiena let out a breath. "So what brings you here, dear Brigida the White?" Only the title one received at hatching was used while in the Queen's chamber. But Braith was sure everyone was thinking "foul."

"Ahh, my dear sweet Majesty. I've come here to offer my assistance in such a trying time."

"Trying time?" the Queen asked.

"The betrayal of Elder Emyr. How horrifying for you. That such betrayal was going on here, right under your beautiful snout."

The Queen's eyes narrowed into slits and Braith began wondering again if anyone would actually claim her headless corpse or if it would be tossed off the side of Devenallt Mountain.

"Even his poor daughter, Braith here, has no idea why her father did this. Or that he was about to do it. She was trapped in his horrible web of deceit and lies." Brigida reached over and patted Braith on the shoulder. She'd flinched away, but a claw on her opposite side from Bram kept her from moving anywhere. "He's betrayed us all, my lady."

"And what do you suggest we do about that?"

"He must be caught and brought back for trial as soon as possible. There is no other way. You must try and convict Elder Lord Emyr. No one else can do it but you, Your Majesty ... and Elder Lord Emyr himself must know the true wrath of your domain." Brigida's head tilted to the side and the entire chamber cringed at the sounds coming from her old neck. "Don't you agree, Your Majesty?"

The Queen studied Brigida for a long moment, her mind turning, searching-desperately, by the looks of it-for a way out of this. She wanted an execution and she wanted one now. But Brigida the Foul had made a very good point. To execute Emyr's daughter-who hadn't been caught while escaping with her kin, but debating what to do next with the loyal Cadwaladrs-rather than Emyr himself, would put a dark stain on Queen Addiena's reign.

Since, Braith was guessing, there would be many dark stains Addiena had to worry about during her reign, she was most likely weighing whether having Braith's head now would be worth it later.

Braith, however, wouldn't bother to get her hopes up. She had no faith in ... anything at the moment. So she just stood there, waiting for the ax to fall-literally and figuratively-until she felt something brush against her spine. She glanced behind her and saw Addolgar. He gave her a small wink and the tiniest smile, and, Braith would be forced to admit, she'd never felt so ... safe before. Not safe in the sense that her head would not go rolling across the chamber floor, but just that someone, other than herself or her still-missed mother, actually cared for her. That someone was watching out for her.

And that someone was Addolgar.

"You have a very good point, Brigida the White," Addiena finally stated. "But what will I do with Braith the Blue?"

"My liege," Brigida practically purred, "that's very simple." She focused those cold, dead eyes at Braith, sending a chill down her spine. "We send Braith the Blue to bring back her father-dead or alive."

Addolgar had his claw on Braith's back so he felt her entire body go rigid at Brigida's words. And he understood why. He wouldn't want to have to hunt down his father either. Mostly because his father scared him a little and Addolgar was quite sure the old dragon would kick his ass, but still ...

"Me?" Braith said. "You want me to hunt my father?"

It was the perfect reaction, wasn't it? The perfect reaction for the Queen. To see Braith's fear, her absolute horror at the prospect. If she'd been eager, the Queen would have immediately said no. But there was no eagerness there-and the Queen loved it. She lived on others' misery.

"Aye," the Queen said, her smile so wide, her bright white fangs nearly blinding everyone in the entire chamber. "You will hunt your father. Hunt him down and bring him to me. Or," she added for good measure, "I'll assume you were part of all this."

The Queen leaned in a bit, the tip of her tail eagerly scratching against the stone flooring. "That you were a part of it ... and anyone who may have helped you was part of it as well."

Braith's mouth dropped open in shock that the Queen was openly threatening all the Cadwaladrs who'd been at Ailean's castle during her stay, and she immediately looked to Addolgar, then Ghleanna. She glanced at Bercelak, but quickly sneered, before moving her gaze back to Addolgar. She stared at him for several seconds before focusing again on the Queen.

"Your Majesty-" Braith began.

"She'll do it," Addolgar quickly said for her, terrified she was going to do something stupid and "honorable."

Braith glowered at Addolgar. "What are you doing?" she demanded between clenched fangs.

"Stopping you from being an idiot." He grinned at the Queen. "She'll do it, Your Majesty. And I'll go with her to assist in bringing this traitor to justice."

"I cannot hunt down my own-"

Braith's eyes grew wide, her claws reaching for her throat.

"Aunt Brigida?" Addolgar pushed.

The old She-dragon smirked while Braith tried desperately to breathe. "Yes, dear?"

The invisible binding around her throat disappeared, and Braith took in big gulps of air. She really hated when Brigida did that to her.

"Aye," the Queen said, her grin even wider than before. "This is all a very good idea."

Cruel, heartless bitch. No wonder Princess Rhiannon hated her mother. Now Braith hated Rhiannon's mother, too.

Bad enough asking her to hunt down her own father but to threaten the Cadwaladrs merely for helping Braith ... where was the honor in that? Braith's mum would have asked.

"Glad I could be of service to you, my Queen," Brigida replied, her grin showing several rows of fangs, proving she had to be one of the oldest mortal She-dragons living.

"But wait," the Queen said when Brigida began to slowly turn to leave. "You know, I think I'd feel better if I had a little extra protection."

"Extra protection?" Brigida asked, casting her gaze over the armed and well-trained Queen's Guard that surrounded the Queen and filled the chamber.

"Aye!" She pointed. "Ghleanna can stay. She can help keep me safe." She lowered her head, those blue eyes on Braith. "Keep me confident."

"Ghleanna?" Addolgar asked. "Yeah. All right."

Braith faced him. "Are you mad?"

"Mad at what?"

She briefly gritted her fangs. "You cannot leave your sister here, Addolgar."

"Why not?" He looked at Ghleanna. "You don't mind, do you?"

Ghleanna shrugged. "Nah."

"See? She doesn't mind."

"I don't care if she minds. We're not-" Braith stopped to yank the walking stick from Brigida's claw. "Choke me again, old hag, and I will beat you to death with this thing!" She turned back to Addolgar. "Now, we are all leaving here together or I'm-"

"Just go," Ghleanna pushed. "I'll be fine."

"Yes, but-"

"If you're worried," Bercelak sighed out, "I can stay with her."

Ghleanna blinked. "I don't need you to stay with me."

"I didn't ask if I could stay with you. But I'm staying with you."

"Piss off," Ghleanna told her brother.

"You piss off."

That's when Ghleanna pushed Bercelak. Who pushed her back. So she punched his shoulder. Bercelak went to punch her shoulder, but Ghleanna caught him by the wrist and twisted his forearm around his back. He reached back with his free forearm and caught her by the hair. Then they were a rolling, pummeling mass of black dragon scales thundering across the throne room floor.

Brigida snatched back her walking stick from Braith and headed toward the exit. "Come along, you two," she called back. "We have much work to do."

"Wait!" the Queen called out. "You can't leave us alone with two battling Cadwaladrs!"

"Don't worry, Your Majesty," Addolgar explained while gripping Braith's forearm and dragging her toward the exit. "Once they knock each other out, you'll have hours of quiet before they start again."

"Before they ... what?"

Addolgar pulled Braith out of the chamber and around a corner. Even from there, he could still hear his siblings fighting in the throne room. He didn't know why they bothered. Everyone knew that Ghleanna would beat Bercelak within an inch of his life.... She never bothered to fight fair when it came to her siblings.

After a time, Brigida came around the corner.

"Come along, you two," she said again.

Addolgar quickly noticed that now that Brigida was out of the Queen's sight, her limp seemed to have lessened so much that it was nearly nonexistent. And her entire body moved much more fluidly ... as if she were considerably younger.

They walked in silence until they neared the mountain's exit. That was when Braith finally spoke up.

"I can't do this," she said.

"You can and you will," Brigida told her. "You'll find that old bastard and you'll drag his lizard ass back here."

"He's my father."

Brigida stopped and spun around, her dragon body powerful and strong as if she were centuries younger. Even Addolgar's parents didn't move that easy.

"I don't give a shit, Braith of the Darkness. He's a traitor to this Queen's reign and a danger. You don't need to kill him, but you do need to bring him here." She leaned in close and he saw Braith's claws curl into fists. "Think of it as a matter of honor. Your father may be doomed, but the honor of your family line won't be if you return him. And isn't that what matters for the memory of your dear ... mum?" she finished on a whisper.

Addolgar, claws quick after being raised among his kin, caught Braith before she could attempt to rip Brigida's head off and end up a sad little frog or pet chicken.

"Good," Brigida said with a big smile. "Glad we've agreed."

She moved around Braith and stepped out of the mountain and onto the ledge. "You'll track your father down. He and your brothers and that female who tried to kill Addolgar are heading toward the Northlands. He's taking a longer, safer route than flying over the sea, so you do have a bit of time, but not much. You'll want to grab him before he reaches the Northlands."

"What about Ghleanna?" Braith asked, her voice filled with concern for a She-dragon who only yesterday had physically fought her.

"What about her?"

"I don't feel right leaving her with the Queen as a hostage. Even with Bercelak here-"

"Bercelak?" Brigida laughed a little before unfurling her wings and heading up to the top of Devenallt Mountain.

Addolgar motioned to Braith and together they followed her.

This high up, it was cold on the mountaintop. There was ice and snow. And there were Cadwaladrs. They dotted the mountain like crows on a tree. And more kept landing. One after another after another.

Brigida faced Addolgar and Braith. "You see," she said. "Ghleanna is not alone. A Cadwaladr is never alone." The old She-dragon moved in closer, pressed the top part of her walking stick against the middle of Braith's chest. "And you don't have to be alone either. But we all make our own choices, Braith of the Darkness. And I've made mine. Now track down your father and bring him here." Brigida stepped back, her forearms lifting away from her body. "Or you alone will be responsible for the civil war between the Cadwaladrs and the Queen's Guard when we tear this place apart to get dear, sweet, defenseless Ghleanna from the bowels of Devenallt Mountain."

"Dear sweet, defenseless Ghleanna?" one of the Cadwaladrs called out. "Since when did centaurs fly?"

Then all the Cadwaladrs laughed, including Addolgar. Because it was funny.

But the way Braith was gawking at him ... he sensed she didn't see the humor.

Chapter 10

They flew for about an hour before Braith indicated she wanted to land. She pointed at the ground and Addolgar quickly found a good, safe spot for them. They dived and landed hard in a clearing surrounded by trees.

Addolgar took off his travel bag, dropping it to the ground, and shook out his wings. He grinned at Braith. "We'll make good time, as fast as you fly."

She nodded and pushed her blue hair off her face.

"You all right?" he asked.

"Aye. I'm fine. Any water?"

"There's a lake right over there."

Braith stared off in the direction Addolgar had pointed out, but she seemed ... confused. It had been an overwhelming day for her. True, she seemed invincible to Addolgar, but a bit of polite behavior couldn't hurt. She was a royal after all, probably used to getting everything she needed handed to her and all that.

"You wait here," he told her. "I'll be right back."

She nodded and looked off like she'd already forgotten about him.

Addolgar headed into the trees but quickly realized he'd forgotten his travel bags and the water flask he had inside. He turned back around and headed to where he'd left everything, but as he approached, he slowed down, his gaze on Braith. She was still staring off, but he realized she was breathing heavily. So heavily that, suddenly, she dropped to her knees, her front claws digging into the dirt.

Addolgar sprinted to her side, his forearms reaching around her.

"Braith? What is it?"

Panting, barely able to breathe, it seemed, she stuttered out, "I ... I ... I almost died. I almost died. I almost died."

Then it hit him-she wasn't invincible at all. She was, however, one of the strongest females he'd ever known. Because she'd lasted this long without having a full-on panic attack, and that was much longer than he would have lasted if he'd been in her place. Much longer.

Braith didn't care that she was making a fool of herself. She didn't care that she couldn't breathe, that she was babbling, that she was wrapping her forearms around Addolgar the Cheerful and holding him tight. She didn't care.

Because an hour ago ... she'd thought her life would end on a cold stone floor in the Queen's throne room.

Big claws stroked her back and hair, while he held her tight against his warm body, where she felt safe. It was the safest she'd felt since her father had summoned her a few days ago.

When Braith's panting calmed down enough that she could hear again, she realized Addolgar was speaking to her.

"You're going to be all right, Braith. We're going to get through this together. I promise."

Gods, he was trying to make her feel better. His sister was being held hostage, his entire family was about to start a civil war that could get them all killed, and he was being forced to track down a traitor outside of Southland borders with a panicking, pathetic female-and he was trying to make her feel better.

Appalled, Braith quickly pulled away from him.

"I'm so sorry, Addolgar."

"Sorry? For what?"

"For being ... pathetic. Weak. I'm of the Penarddun bloodline and I should have been strong-"

Braith's words were cut off because Addolgar had wrapped his claw around her snout, keeping it closed.

"Pathetic?" he asked. "Weak? You? After what you've just been through? You held your head up the entire time. You never showed Addiena or Brigida your fear. A fear you had every right to have. So don't talk centaur shit to me about you being pathetic or weak. I won't hear it. I won't tolerate it. And once you understand that, you and I will get along just fine."

He released her snout. "Now what do you have to say?"

"I ... um ..." She swallowed tears of gratitude, unwilling to be even more of a mess in front of Addolgar. "I'm thirsty."

He grinned. "So am I. Let's get some water from the lake and figure out what our next steps should be. Sound like a plan to you?"

Braith nodded. "A very good plan."

"Excellent!" He gripped her claw in his and pulled her toward the lake. "And I stole some oxen jerky out of Bercelak's bag. He makes the best oxen jerky."

"Bercelak the Vengeful cooks?"

"Aye. And he's surprisingly good at it, too!"

They traveled late into the night until they could go no farther. Exhausted, they finally stopped near a town. Addolgar would prefer to stay in the woods for the night, but they were in a more densely populated area, filled with humans. So whether they stayed in the woods or not, they'd have to do it as human or risk some farmer or late-traveling merchant stumbling across two sleeping dragons. It was not a good way to start the day, in his estimation. Burning a bunch of humans crispy for nothing more than being in the wrong place at the wrong time. True, Bercelak would do it, but he had little to no tolerance when it came to humans. He thought they should all burn. Or, at the very least, be nothing more than cattle for dragon meals.

They shifted to their human forms and dug into their travel bags for their clothes.

With a comical little expression on her face, Braith pulled out the clothes Ghleanna had put together for her. She held them up for Addolgar to see.

"Your sister seems to have a love of chain mail."

Addolgar chuckled. "She's Cadwaladr. All my sisters love chain mail except Maelona, who has no desire to pick up a blade or an ax. Never has." He studied her as she slipped the clothes on. They fit her, but barely. Especially around the shoulders. She moved her arms, trying to stretch the material out a bit.

"Have you thought about getting in some military training?" he asked as he pulled on his own clothes.

She shrugged. "Actually ... I have. But my father was against it. He said royals shouldn't lower themselves to being a military force."

"Some of the best kings and queens the Southland dragons have had fought in battle. Addiena's mother was a battle mage for many years before she took the throne."

"I don't disagree with you, but-"

"Your father no longer matters in your future, Braith. Once we're done with this, it'll be all down to you."

She sighed. "I still don't know how I'm going to do this, Addolgar. Turn in my own father?"

"I'll be right by your side." He tugged on his boots, then added, "In fact, let's think of this a different way."

"And what way is that?"

"Instead of you bringing in your father ... you're retrieving Lady Katarina, while I'm bringing in your father."

"And what does that word play actually do, Addolgar?"

"Take the pressure off. You think too much of words," he explained while he stood. "They have all this meaning for you." Addolgar reached down and grasped her hands, lifting her to her feet. "So use all that meaning to your benefit. I'll bring in your father while you'll bring in Katarina. Now, what about your brothers?"

"What about them?"

"We should probably bring them in, too, or Addiena will just send us out again."

"Don't worry. Where my father goes, my brothers will go. They've never been able to think on their own."

"That's sad."

"My mum tried to help them, but since hatching they've been loyal to my father. Plus they're rather stupid."

"And you've been loyal to your mum."

"From the beginning to the end of time, I'll be loyal to my mum."

"I don't blame you. She did a good job teaching you to fight."

"She did?"

"Braith, you may not be ready to ride into battle"-yet-"but you've got basic hand-to-hand combat techniques down pretty well from what I've seen. You took out Bercelak." He leaned down until their noses nearly touched. "Bercelak. Only Ghleanna and a few of our older sisters can take him in a fight."

"He doesn't like fighting females?"

"Bercelak will fight anyone. But my sisters are like you. Strong, fierce ... a little heartless."

"He started it." She glanced down. "You going to let my hands go, Addolgar?"

"If you insist."

She looked off, thought a moment. "Well, you should keep holding at least one. I wouldn't want to get lost on the way into town." She briefly chewed her lip, still wouldn't look him in the eye. "I've never been here before."

Doing his best not to smile too widely at that, Addolgar released her left hand but kept hold of her right. And, without much else said, they headed into town, hand in hand.

They walked into the pub. A dark, dastardly-looking place that Braith normally wouldn't do more than tear apart with her claws.

Even worse, as soon as they stepped inside, the entire place fell silent, all eyes turning toward them, watching them with suspicion.

Braith pulled her hand out of Addolgar's and curled both hands into fists beneath her fur cloak, ready to battle her way out of here if necessary. But then Addolgar pulled the hood of his own cloak back, tossed his silver hair off his face, and the entire room went up in a cheer.

"Addolgar!"

"Hello, all!" Addolgar called out in return.

He took Braith's hand again, his fingers easily separating hers so that she no longer had a fist, and led her into the pub. There were more greetings all around. Cheerful pats on the back, and hugs from the females, a few handshakes as they passed through.

Addolgar finally stopped by a table. He stepped behind Braith and took off her cloak, placing it on the bench beside her. He took off his own and then sat on the other side. A barmaid walked up to the table with four big mugs of ale. She slammed them down on the table. "From your fans," she giggled, winking at him.

Grinning, Addolgar pulled three ales closer to himself and pushed one toward Braith.

"We have Mum's stew tonight," the barmaid said.

"Say no more," Addolgar told her.

"And bread?"

"You have to ask?"

The barmaid winked at him again and focused on Braith. "You as well, miss?"

"Aye, please."

She nodded and walked off. Braith watched the girl for a bit before looking at everyone else.

"We're safe here, Braith. You can stop looking so worried."

"You spend a lot of time here?"

He shrugged and gulped from one of the mugs of ale. "I've been here over the years. I travel a lot."

"Yes, but they seem to ... know you so well."

"I like meeting strangers. You never know what you'll learn. What you'll discover."

She leaned in. "But all these humans?"

"You don't like humans?"

"I don't dislike them. But I don't trust them either."

That made Addolgar laugh. "I don't trust anybody except me own kin. But that doesn't mean you can't enjoy others' company. Everyone has a fascinating tale to tell if you're willing to listen."

The barmaid returned, placing large bowls of delicious-smelling stew in front of them along with several platters of fresh, warm bread.

"Need anything else, you just let me know."

"Thanks, Mary." Addolgar ripped off a large chunk of bread and began devouring that first bowl of stew. He didn't speak while he ate. He just ate. And before he'd even finished that first bowl, Mary brought another, and then another. All of which Addolgar ate. More bread was brought and he devoured that as well.

Braith, however, was satisfied with two of the large bowls of stew and one large loaf of bread to appease her human appetite.

By the time she finished her second bowl, Addolgar had finished his fourth and was leaning back to sigh contentedly.

"Good, eh?" he asked, that smile on his face.

"Very."

"Mary's mum runs this place. She makes the best stew. Ale's good too." To prove that, he finished off his third mug of ale, only for Mary to bring four more.

"Dessert?" Mary asked.

"What ya got?"

"Me mum's raisin and ale cake."

"Bring it."

Laughing, Mary walked off and Addolgar rested his elbow on the table and his chin in the palm of his hand.

"You all right?" he asked her.

"I'm fine. I was hungrier than I thought."

"You haven't eaten in a couple of days. And it's been a rough couple of days."

Braith placed her hands on the table and leaned in a bit. "Addolgar."

"Hhmm?" he asked, smiling down at the desserts Mary placed in front of them. "You should try this," he told Braith. "Mary's mum makes a great raisin and ale cake."

Braith glanced down at the cake-it did look good-and back at Addolgar.

"Addolgar ... I don't know how I can thank you."

"Thank me? For what?" he asked around a mouthful of cake.

"Putting your family at risk? Helping me with the Queen? Protecting me from Bercelak?"

"You protected yourself from Bercelak."

"Addolgar," she felt the need to remind him, "the Queen is holding your sister hostage."

Addolgar blinked, nodded. "Uh-huh."

Braith frowned. "Yet you don't seem too worried about her."

"If it were Maelona, I'd never have allowed it. I'd have torn the walls of Devenallt Mountain down before I let her take Maelona. So would the rest of my kin."

"But Ghleanna ... ?"

"If the Queen wants to have Ghleanna and Bercelak staying at Devenallt Mountain while you and I track your father down-that's her decision. And I wish her much luck with it." He pointed at Braith's cake with his spoon. "You going to eat that?"

Chapter 11

"You staying here for the night, Addolgar?" Mary asked. "Me mum wants to know."

"Aye," he said, after glancing at an exhausted-looking Braith. "We'll take a room. Is the one on the top floor open?"

"It is. But it's extra."

"We'll take it."

"Let me check it first, make sure it's been cleaned right. I'll let you know when you can come up."

"Thanks, Mary."

Mary headed to the back stairs and Addolgar again focused on Braith. "Stop worrying," he ordered her.

"Who says I'm worrying?"

He rolled his eyes in answer and Braith gave a small sigh.

"I can't help it," she finally admitted. "I can't believe my father has done this. And for what? He could never rule the Southland dragons. Not as a monarch. Being an Elder was the most he could ever hope to be. And he should be proud of that."

"Perhaps he thinks he's saving his people. There are many who don't feel right with Addiena on the throne."

"But she is. And she has been for nearly a century." Braith rested both her arms on the table. "What I can't figure out, though, is what Lady Katarina has to do with any of this."

"Perhaps he hopes to use her father's army to challenge Addiena. It would be a bold move, but her father's army is strong. They have to be since they are all that lies between us and the Irons."

"I thought the fear was that he'd side with the Irons."

"He could, but he'd be foolish to try. The Irons see themselves as superior to everyone. In their minds, they only answer to the gods. So betraying Lord Berg would mean nothing to them. And he knows that."

"But if Lord Berg challenges Addiena, won't he have to face the Cadwaladrs in battle? I've always heard that's what keeps many challengers for the throne from our borders."

"Using our name will stop those who talk a lot about claiming the throne but really have no true heart for it. But those who truly want it, like Overlord Thracius in the West or the Horde leaders in the Northlands ... the Cadwaladrs are merely something to figure out how to defeat. All we manage to do with the likes of them is keep them back until they have enough forces to move."

Braith placed the palms of her hands against her eyes, her exhaustion and frustration beginning to grow. "I just wish I knew what he was doing. Who he was working with. My father does nothing on his own." She dropped her hands and looked Addolgar straight in the face. "He's not a brave dragon."

"What about your mum?"

"The bravest I knew."

Addolgar finally asked the question that had been bothering him for most of the day. "Why are you not close to your mum's kin?"

"My mother saw me as a Penarddun, but her kin see me as my father's daughter. And they want even less to do with him." She shook her head, glanced off. "As always, I'm on my own."

"Not anymore you're not. You have the force of the Cadwaladr Clan behind you. That's more than most will ever be able to say."

"I still wish we hadn't involved your family. If one of them gets hurt or ... if anything happens to your kin, Addolgar ..."

"Nothing will happen. And you seem to think you've somehow forced us into this. Or as if we're doing it out of pity. The Cadwaladrs don't feel pity. Not for each other. Not for anyone."

"Then why are any of you helping me?"

"My father's doing it because you won him lots of money. Ghleanna's doing it because she likes knowing another female near her age who can't quite wear her clothes. Bercelak will say he's doing it to protect Ghleanna, but really he wants to spend time around Princess Rhiannon, even though we all know he doesn't have a shot in all the hells with that one."

"And you?" she asked, before Addolgar could list the reasons all of his kin would be involved in this. "Why are you doing this?"

"That's easy. Because I like you." He grinned. "I like you a lot."

"Why?"

"Because you make me smile."

"You're Addolgar the Cheerful. Everything makes you smile."

"Not everything. And if I want to like you, Braith of the Darkness, I get to like you. Whether you want me to or not."

"Why wouldn't I want you to?"

"I don't know. Maybe because I'm not a royal?"

"Is there anything about me, Addolgar, that says I embrace being a royal? That I live my life as a royal? Anything?"

Addolgar thought on that a moment before replying, "Not really."

"The Penardduns may be royals, but you don't find any of them living in Devenallt Mountain or attending any of the parties or rituals. My mum hated that stuff. Didn't see the purpose of it at all. And I have to agree with her. I only attended royal events to keep my father off my back."

"So, when this is all over, if Addiena strips you of your title-"

"As long as I get to go back to my cave and be left alone, I won't give a flying centaur shit."

Addolgar glanced up and saw Mary wave to him from the stairwell. "Come on." He took Braith's hand and led her from the table and to the stairs. They went up the three flights and walked down the hallway to the last room. Mary held the door open for them.

"Think you'll be needing anything else tonight, Addolgar?"

"No. We're fine. But we'll be up early tomorrow. We'll need food before our trip. And if you have any bread and meat that can go with us, I'd appreciate that."

"Of course. Me and Mum will take care of it."

"Thanks, luv."

Mary nodded at Braith and walked out, closing the door behind her. Addolgar led Braith across the large room to the fireplace. She immediately held out her hands to warm them and Addolgar took her cloak from her.

"I'll make sure to keep the fire going tonight."

"All right."

"Why don't you get some sleep, Braith?"

"I will."

He stepped behind her. "I meant now."

"I don't know how you expect me to get any sleep with so much on my mind."

"You need to sleep if we hope to get any real traveling done tomorrow."

"The territory between here and the Northlands is enormous, Addolgar. My father could be anywhere."

"I know his route."

Braith faced him. "What do you mean, you know his route?"

He shrugged. "I heard from Brigida." He pointed at his forehead. "Up here." Although he should only be able to do that with his siblings and parents, those rules had never stopped Brigida from popping into anyone's head whenever she damn well felt like it, no matter her relation to them. Many believed it was because of her powers as a White Dragonwitch that she was able to do so with such ease. Others believed she was a demon who could burrow into anyone's soul. Addolgar decided to believe the White Dragonwitch angle so he could sleep at night.

"From here, we head west to the borders between the Southland and Outer Plains. She says we'll find him there."

"Dense forests in those parts. We'll have to be careful."

"You know the area?"

In answer, Braith only shrugged and walked toward the bed. She stopped before reaching it, spun around, and asked, "Are you sure we shouldn't leave now to find-"

Addolgar placed his hand over Braith's face. He had big hands and he covered almost all of her face. "You need sleep. I need sleep. We will not be traveling anywhere tonight."

"You," she said behind his hand, "don't have to keep doing this when you don't like what I have to say."

"Apparently I do. Otherwise you wouldn't keep saying those things."

He dropped his hand, gazed down into her face. "I'm by your side on this, Braith. We're in this together. Stop worrying about things that are already in motion. Already said and done. Our focus should be on our goal. Getting your father and bringing him back for the Queen to deal with. Don't let anything else drag you down."

"I just feel so guilty."

"For the actions of your father? No wonder you and Ghleanna get along so well. Whatever your father has done or will do, it has nothing to do with you. Just as my father's illustrious past has nothing to do with Ghleanna or any of his offspring."

Braith shrugged. "Well ... I could see how your father's past could follow-" Braith sighed deeply from behind Addolgar's hand. "You did it again."

"You were saying something I didn't want to hear."

She slapped his hand off.

"Ow!" he barked while laughing. "What was that for?"

"I'll get some sleep," she replied. And with that, she got on the large bed and stretched out. Then, stiff as a board, with her arms by her sides, Braith lay there.

"Good gods, female," Addolgar muttered. "What did you do with yourself before I came into your life?"

"I lived quietly alone in my cave," she snapped back. "And I was quite happy there, too."

Addolgar stood over her, hands on his narrow hips. "How can you be comfortable all stiff like this? With your clothes on?"

"I'm cold," she reminded him, desperate not to take her clothes off. Her human body was not something poets would ever write about, so she wasn't about to get nak*d in front of Addolgar, of all dragons.

"That's what the fur covers are for. You'll get under them and with the fire going, you'll be fine."

"I'm fine as I am right now."

"At least take your boots off."

To appease the big ox, Braith sat up, but before she could touch the leather of her boots, Addolgar was there.

"I'll do it," he said cheerfully, smiling at her.

He tugged off first one boot, then the other. He then pulled off her socks and lifted her feet, studying them.

"I thought they'd be bigger."

"How is that not an insult?"

"It's not an insult. Or a compliment. Just an observation." He thought a moment. "But your feet are cute, and that is a compliment."

Laughing, Braith pulled her feet out of his grasp. "My boots are off. Can I go to sleep now?"

"I don't think so."

"Why not?"

"You're not relaxed. Who can sleep when they're not relaxed?"

"I'll relax eventually."

"At least take your leggings off."

"I will do no such thing."

"You're being as silly as humans about this."

"That's my choice."

"Well," Addolgar said, "my choice is for you to be comfortable."

And that's when he grabbed the bottom of her leggings and began to yank them off.

"Addolgar!"

"You'll thank me when I'm done."

No, she wouldn't!

Braith tried to scramble away, but she only managed to assist him in getting her leggings off while, at the same time, flipping herself off the blasted bed.

Growling, she got to her knees and rested her arms on the bed. She glowered up at the beast. "Give me back those leggings!"

"I'm trying to help you."

"I don't know what you're doing, but I'm sure there are laws about it!"

"I don't know why you're being so shy." He paused a moment, then asked, "Do I make you nervous?"

"Yes!" Braith replied honestly.

"Why?"

"I just ... look, just ... I mean ..." She slammed her fist against the bed. "Give me my blasted leggings!"

Addolgar studied her for a bit before he surmised, "You don't want me to see you nak*d."

"Leggings."

"Do you think I've never seen a human body before?"

"Leggings."

"Do you have a few scars you don't want me to see?"

"Leggings!"

"Fine." Addolgar tossed her precious leggings behind him and began to toe off his boots.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Getting nak*d."

"What the hells for?"

"So you can be comfortable getting nak*d, too, so we can get some sleep."

"How would that make me feel comfortable? In what universe would that make me feel comfortable?"

"You can see my scars."

"I don't want to see your scars!"

"There's no shame in scars. The more scars you have, the more respect you get from the Cadwaladrs."

"Addolgar-" she began, but her words were cut off when his chain-mail shirt hit her in the face.

"Dammit!" she barked, yanking the shirt off and tossing it to the floor. But before she could get her bearings, Addolgar's leggings swiftly followed. They were heavier and nearly knocked her on her ass, but she managed to keep her balance and toss them away too.

"See?" he asked when she looked up at him. "I'm just like you."

Braith could only shake her head and reply, "You have to be the biggest idiot, I've ever known."

Confused, he looked down at himself, then back at her. "What?" Addolgar asked. "Is it me thighs?" He cringed a bit. "They're too big for the rest of me, ain't they?"

Unable to look at him a moment longer, Braith buried her head into the fur covering and sighed, long and deep.

The biggest idiot ... ever.

Addolgar knelt on the other side of the bed and studied the top of Braith's head. All that thick, blue hair spread around her, covering her arms, and reaching to the floor. He couldn't help himself-his fingers were running through it before he even realized it.

That's when Braith's head slowly came up. He didn't quite understand the look on her face. Was she angry? Insulted? Disgusted? He didn't know her well enough to know what she was thinking at the moment. So Addolgar did what he always did in these situations. He asked.

"I can't tell. Are you pissed? Or just appalled?"

"Confused," she said softly, her expression unchanging.

"Confused about what?"

"Why did you touch me? To be kind?"

"Kind?" He thought about that word for a moment before admitting, "Braith, I'm not kind."

"You've been kind to me."

"I like you."

"Me? I thought royals like Lady Katarina were more to your taste, Addolgar."

They usually were. But there was just something about Braith......

Addolgar took a risk and reached his hand over again, gently pushing stray blue hairs out of her eyes. "The more time I spend with you, Braith, the more I like you."

"I'm not really likeable."

"Who told you that?"

She shrugged. "Everyone. But I don't need anyone to feel sorry for me about that."

"Braith, no one as strong as you gets anyone's pity. And you certainly don't have mine."

"Then what is it?"

"I'm drawn to you, Braith of the Darkness. You make my scales itch."

Her eyes grew wide. She no longer had that hard-to-read expression; instead she just looked overwhelmed. "I do?"

"There's just something about you." He placed his hands on the bed, then pulled them closer so that she wouldn't feel threatened. "But that's just how I feel. You don't have to feel the same way. I know what I am."

"What you are?"

"A Cadwaladr. For some we're a challenge. For others, we're to be avoided like the plague. I understand both sides."

"I envy you your family, Addolgar. Their loyalty to each other is something to be cherished."

"I do. But I also understand how we must appear to outsiders."

"None of that means anything to me," she said.

"I know. You're all about honor and loyalty."

"It's how my mother taught me. It meant the world to her and it means the world to me." She ran her hand through her hair and Addolgar had to bury his fingers in the fur covering so that he didn't do the same. "I keep thinking about what she'd tell me. Right now. She was a direct dragoness. Not like most royals at all."

"And what would she tell you?"

"I think she'd tell me to remember my bloodline. My Penarddun bloodline. She didn't think much of my father's." Her lips suddenly curled into a small smile. "And she'd remind me of the strength in that bloodline. The confidence."

Her head dropped forward and then Braith was pushing herself away from the bed and easily getting to her feet. She stepped back and, with a deep breath, she used both hands to push her hair off her face and behind her back.

Braith stood there, her gaze on Addolgar's-and that's when he understood what this was. What she was risking. For him.

Dragons were never more vulnerable than when they were human, except when they first hatched. Humans had no scales, no claws, no spiked tail, no flame. All they had were their ability to run fast, their interesting human form, and their devious minds. Otherwise, they were as weak and frail as rabbits.

Yet here Braith was, at her most vulnerable, and she was leaving herself open-for him.

Addolgar stood, ready to move to her side, to take her gently in his arms and softly tell her how beautiful she was and-

"Oooof !" he barely managed as Braith suddenly ran over the bed and threw herself into Addolgar's arms.

"Too eager?" she asked, grimacing as he quickly tightened his arms around her so that she didn't fall to the floor. Then again, the way she had her legs around his waist and her arms around his shoulders, she could probably just keep herself up there without his help.

"I like eager," he admitted.

"I just ... it's just ..." She gazed down at him, and Addolgar didn't know exactly what to make of this current expression.

"Braith, it's okay if-"

That's when she kissed him. Hard. Her arms moving to his neck and wrapping tight, her lips against his, her tongue pressing into his mouth.

It startled Addolgar at first. He usually had to work harder than this. Much harder. Unlike his father, he didn't have females throwing themselves at him. And yet ... that's exactly what Braith had done. She'd thrown all the usual centaur shit away, all the promises and lies and ridiculousness, and she'd just ... given herself to him. Freely. And with hunger.

Making him perhaps the happiest dragon in the land.

Chapter 12

Addolgar walked them over to the bed, turned, and dropped back against it, Braith still wrapped around him like a shameless snake.

But she couldn't help herself. He was so handsome and charming and a tad goofy that she couldn't resist him just standing there ... nak*d. Wonderfully, wonderfully nak*d.

She'd never really found human bodies interesting one way or the other-until she'd seen Addolgar as human. Human and nak*d. He should always be nak*d. Just running around nak*d. Naked, nak*d, nak*d!

And now she had that perfect human nak*d body beneath her and, in a moment, on top of her as Addolgar flipped her and himself over.

Their kiss seemed to go on forever and she enjoyed every second of it. Every second of his taste, the feel of his tongue, the stroke of his fingers against her human skin.

She heard groaning and she realized it was her!

It was rather hard to believe that Braith of the Darkness, who was fazed by little, was groaning at the touch of ... anyone. But it felt so good.

Addolgar pulled out of their kiss so he could lick and nibble her neck.

That drove her crazy, made her legs tighten around his waist.

His hands on her sides, he kissed his way down her throat, across her shoulder, down to her breast. His tongue curled around her nipple, tugged. She was grateful Addolgar's heavy body was on top of her or she would have flipped off the bed. He tugged again and Braith dug her fingers into his shoulders and back. Her human fingers had no long nails, which was good because she would have torn the weak, human flesh from him.

After tormenting her other breast, he began kissing his way farther down. Braith raised her head, briefly wondered where he was go-oh. Oh! He was going there.

She reached up for the headboard as Addolgar's tongue slipped inside her. Unfortunately, there was no headboard to grab so Braith flattened her hands against the wall and bit down on her lip, barely remembering there were others in the building trying to sleep. But she couldn't stop the groans or the growls as Addolgar held on to her h*ps and explored her p**sy with what she considered wild abandon.

Braith's eyes crossed and her toes curled. She didn't think she could take much more. Then the tip of Addolgar's tongue circled her clit, taking her higher and higher until he suddenly gripped it between his lips and suckled.

Braith exploded, her body shaking, her hands tearing at the wall behind her. She cried out even though she tried not to, and fell back on the bed, barely able to breathe.

When she finally opened her eyes, Addolgar was above her, his arms braced on either side of her. He studied her for a long minute, his gaze moving over her face, until he asked with all sincerity, "Are you all right?"

She brought her hands up to clasp either side of his face and pressed her forehead against his chin. That's when she realized her human body was no longer cold; instead she was sweating.

"I'd be much better," she admitted, "with you inside me."

Addolgar slid his hands down and behind Braith's knees. He lifted her legs up and spread them before pressing his c*ck against her and slowly pushing it inside her.

Braith gasped out, her smile wide. A smile he realized he rarely saw from her. But she was smiling now and nothing felt better.

At least that's what he thought until he went in deeper and Braith tightened down on his cock. Now he gasped, his entire body shuddering.

"Gods, female," he laughed. He kissed her. Once. Twice. "You feel incredible, Braith. Amazing."

She kissed his neck, shoulders. "So do you. So good."

He pulled out, drove back in. They both groaned, holding on to each other.

"What are you doing to me?" he asked, confused.

"What are you talking about?" Braith arched into him. "I'm not doing anything."

He drove in again and it felt better than the last time. Gods, he didn't care what she was doing as long as she didn't stop doing it. He couldn't even talk anymore; his body taking over.

Addolgar raised himself up, again bracing his arms on either side of Braith, and then he powered into her. He knew the female's strength now. Understood she was physically strong. So he didn't hold back. He just took her as he wanted to and the smile that lit up her face told him it was the right choice.

Thank the gods, because he wasn't sure he could stop. If nothing else, he knew he didn't want to stop. Between her sweet moans and the way her body easily met him thrust for thrust, Addolgar was in heaven.

Braith suddenly gasped, her hands slapping hard against his shoulders. Her back arched and she came, beautifully, her entire body tightening around him. When her p**sy clamped down on his cock, Addolgar came with her, his head thrown back, his hands gripping the fur covering beneath her.

When she'd wrung him dry, he fell off to the side, crashing next to her on the bed. They lay there, staring up at the ceiling and panting until at the same time, they looked at each other. They stared for a long moment, then looked back at the ceiling and continued panting.

The door opened and Addolgar came in with one hand holding the fur covering around his waist and the other holding a tray of bread, meat, and cheese.

"Thank the gods," Braith sighed out, reaching for the tray. "I'm starving!"

"Aye. So am I."

She placed the tray on the bed and Addolgar brought over the water jug and two chalices. He sat down across from her, with the tray between them, and they dove into the food as if they hadn't eaten for days. They mostly ate in silence-except for the grunts-until they'd finished off everything.

Braith picked up a few remaining crumbs with her finger and sucked them off, sighing in satisfaction.

"Cheese and bread has never tasted so good."

"Don't forget the meat," Addolgar reminded her.

Grinning, Braith teased, "Didn't get much of that after you got your hands on it."

"I was hungry ... and did most of the work."

Braith laughed outright at that. "If you do say so yourself."

Addolgar moved the empty tray, water jug, and chalices onto the floor. Then he stretched out on the bed and rested his head in Braith's lap.

"You don't smile," he suddenly stated.

"What?"

"You don't smile. Not often." He took hold of her hand and placed it on his head. That's how she knew he wanted her to stroke his hair. Since he'd taken such good care of her ... how could she turn him down?

"I guess I don't," she admitted while slowly dragging her fingers through his lovely silver hair. "Never thought about it much."

"You should smile."

"Why?"

"It makes you look happy. I enjoy seeing you happy."

Braith could say in all honestly that no one had ever said that to her. Her father could not have cared less if she were happy and had told her as much. Which, coming soon after her mother's death, had most likely been when she'd stopped smiling.

"What are you missing, Braith?"

She really had no idea where this conversation was going. "Missing? I'm not missing anything."

"You are. I can tell. We need to find out what that is so you can have it and be happy." He grinned at her. "I enjoy seeing you happy."

"You do? Then kiss me," she ordered, leaning down, her mouth hovering over his, "and I can promise you without a doubt that I'll be as happy as you want me to be."

Chapter 13

Braith awoke in Addolgar's arms. They were facing each other, her forehead pressed against his, her hands resting against his shoulders.

She felt unbelievably comfortable, in a way she normally didn't feel comfortable unless she was alone in her cave. So much so, she didn't want to get up. She didn't want to face the day and the challenge of hunting down her father. But as soon as the suns peeked through the wooden slats of the window shutters, Addolgar's eyes opened.

A true soldier.

Addolgar saw her eyes on him and he instantly smiled in a smooth, easy way that told her it was genuine. He was glad to see her. Glad to have her here. The realization warmed her more than she could have thought.

"Good morn to you," he murmured, his low voice rolling seductively down her spine.

"Good morn."

"We have to get up."

"I know."

"I don't want to."

"Me either," she agreed. "But we have to, don't we?"

"Think of it this way ... we finish this quickly, and then we can go to my cave and spend as much time rolling around my floor as we like."

"Your cave?"

"Or we can go to yours. Although mine is surprisingly nice. My brother Rhys decorated it."

"Rhys? Rhys the Hammer decorated your cave?"

"He has a skill. The family tries not to judge."

"So," she couldn't help but ask, "after this is all over, you and I-"

"Will be rolling around my or your cave floor. Was I not clear?"

Braith laughed. "No, no. You were quite clear."

"You still look happy."

"I am." She hugged him. "I'm very happy."

His arms tightened around her and he whispered into her neck, "Then let's go track down that bastard father of yours and get this done with."

They traveled for nearly three days, pushing their way toward the border. They took only short breaks for food and quick naps. Thankfully, the wind was on their side, helping them move fast.

Addolgar would admit-if he'd been asked-that his reasons for all this were quite selfish. Unlike his brother Bercelak, Addolgar didn't give his all to the Queen. He gave his all to the battle. So finding a snotty-nosed traitor and returning him for whatever punishment the Queen had planned really didn't interest him much. He was a warrior, not a pet dog to run errands.

But for Addolgar, this wasn't about the Queen or her throne or anything but Braith. And he couldn't help but feel that once her father was captured and handed over, things might change for her. Because right now, it seemed as if something was missing. He couldn't explain why he felt this way. Couldn't explain why he knew that whatever was missing had nothing to do with her father but what her father was keeping from her. Her true freedom, perhaps? Addolgar didn't know, but he'd always trusted his instincts. Those instincts kept him alive in battle and relatively unharmed when home with his father. So he wouldn't doubt them now. Instead, he'd follow them and get this job done, so he could focus on Braith and what she needed.

Addolgar simply couldn't help himself. He wanted her to be happy. Whether she spent another second with him when this was all done or went off on her merry way without him, he wanted to know that wherever she was, she was happy. And right now, as much as he was sure she enjoyed her time with him, she was far from truly happy.

The suns had set and they'd just passed the border that separated the Southlands from the Outer Plains. He turned and dived, landing outside a mountain that Brigida had told him about. Braith landed beside him and they walked until he found the entrance. A pass that cut right through the heart of the mountain.

Addolgar stopped Braith before she could go farther. "Take this," he said, handing her his sword.

She turned the weapon over in her claws. "Don't you need this?"

"I have me ax and hammer. Don't need much more than that in a fight."

She shrugged. "I don't know this weapon, Addolgar."

"That's all right." He took the weapon back from her and proceeded to wrap the leather belt around her waist. The scabbard hung at her side and she smiled up at him. "Feels good, doesn't it?" he asked.

"It does. Doesn't make me a soldier, though."

"We'll see," he murmured, nodding. "Ready then?"

"Ready."

Together, they flew through the mountain passage and the farther they went, the more Braith realized that Brigida was right. Her father had come this way. Recently. Braith could scent him.

When they neared the end of that passage, and the night sky was easy to see in the distance, Braith landed, with Addolgar right behind her. He placed one raised silver claw to his snout and Braith nodded.

Moving silently, they headed down the last of the passage until they reached a natural ledge jutting from the mountain. They both eased to their bellies, drew their wings in tight, and crawled to the end of the ledge. They peeked over the side and that's when Braith saw her father, along with both of her brothers. Lady Katarina stood next to Emyr and looked upset, busy wringing her claws while Braith's father talked to a dragon she did not recognize. A purple dragon. A Lightning.

Braith turned her head to see if Addolgar had realized what this situation had just become when a flash of steel from the corner of her eye caught her attention. But before she could scream a word of warning, the tip of the spear rammed into the ankle of Addolgar's back claw. Blood gushed from the wound and Braith expected to hear a scream of pain from the dragon, but all Addolgar did was grit his fangs and turn murderous, glowering eyes on his attacker.

There were two Lightnings standing behind them with grins on their faces. But those grins faded when they saw Addolgar's expression, and then watched the silver dragon stand to his full height, the spear still jutting from his back leg.

Addolgar grabbed the one who'd attacked him by the snout and easily shoved him to his knees and held him there. The other Lightning raised his own spear to fight Addolgar, but Braith caught the weapon. The Lightning tried to rip the spear from her grip, but she held on. She wouldn't let them hurt Addolgar any more than they already had. The Lightning pulled again and, annoyed, Braith tore the weapon from his grasp. She pointed the spear at his face.

"You're no warrior," the Lightning snarled at her.

"I know," Braith replied before she rammed the spear through the Lightning's eye. Unlike Addolgar, he did scream.

Addolgar, taking her cue, gripped the other Lightning's jaws and yanked them apart and kept yanking until the bottom part tore away from the Lightning's face. He dropped the gurgling but dying dragon to the ground, and Braith turned to where she'd last seen her father. He still stood there even as her brothers and the other Lightning dragged Lady Katarina away.

"Treacherous female," Emyr hissed.

And, in reply, Braith lifted two talons and flicked them at her father.

Braith's brother Meical returned to grab hold of their father's forearm and pull him away. They'd hit the skies soon.

"Go," Addolgar told her. "Go after them."

Braith shook her head and faced Addolgar. "I'll not leave you."

"Braith-"

"I'll not leave you. In fact"-she crouched down and looked at the spear jutting from his leg-"I need to get you to a healer before you bleed to death. I think an artery was hit, Addolgar."

"But your father-"

"Can wait to face his death. You're more important right now."

Addolgar sighed. "Gods-dammit."

"What?"

"The old bastard."

"My father," she assumed as she put Addolgar's forearm over her shoulder and helped him step over the bodies of the Lightnings.

"No," Addolgar corrected. "Mine! The old bastard was right. I need to pay attention to what's going on around me at all times. I can't let a good set of legs and a pretty smile distract me."

"Yes, yes," Braith complained. "Katarina has very nice legs."

"I don't mean Katarina, brat. I'm talking about you."

"Oh." Braith worked hard not to smile, considering the current situation they were in. "Well, then ... we definitely have to get you to a healer so that I can continue to enjoy these sorts of compliments."

"I don't know any healers in the Outer Plains, Braith."

"If I can get you over the border ... I think I know those who can help us."

"You don't look very happy about it."

"Only because I know they have no desire to see me. But that means nothing to me right now."

"Uh ... shouldn't we take this spear out before we head off?"

"We take that spear out, Addolgar, and you'll be dead before we get out of this passage."

"Oh," he replied softly. "All right. Guess we'll leave it in then."

Chapter 14

Braith practically had to hold him up the last few leagues of their flight. He could feel his life ebbing from him as every mile passed. But Braith wouldn't let him go. She wouldn't allow him to keep telling her to go after her father, or for her to go on ahead of him. Instead, she kept him steady and kept talking to him. He'd never known she could be so chatty before. Then he realized that she wanted to make sure he didn't pass out.

"Here," she yelled over the wind they were pushing against. "We're landing here."

Addolgar nodded, not in the mood to say anything. They landed in front of a cave opening buried deep in the woods a few leagues from the Southland borders. With his forearm still around her shoulders, Braith led him inside.

"You can rest now," she said, helping him to a boulder and pushing him against it until he could relax and slide down to the ground.

"I'll be right back, Addolgar," she told him, clinging tight to his front claws. "You hold on for me."

"I have to. I refuse to die with this stupid spear sticking out of my leg."

She nuzzled his cheek and stood, releasing his claws. He watched her walk off down a passage. And, a few seconds later, he watched several dragons covered in fur from head to claw silently follow right behind her.

Addolgar opened his snout to warn her, but one of the dragons stopped, focused on him, and waved a single talon at him.

At that point, all Addolgar could do was wait. As far as he was concerned, it was the strangers' funeral pyre because he knew what they would be facing.

Braith hadn't gotten far from where she'd left Addolgar when she knew that someone was behind her. She sensed the presence because she heard nothing. Felt only the air move as a weapon was brought down toward her.

She followed her instincts and dropped into a crouch, spun with her tail lashing wildly behind her. The one right behind her was tossed onto her back, blue hair tumbling out from under a fur cape, bright green eyes glaring up at Braith. The female never lost her weapon, though. Nor was she alone. There were three others. All young, female, armed, and ready to fight.

Then again, so was Braith.

She reared back and raised her fists. The four females glanced at each other, then dropped their weapons, tossed off their capes, reared back, and raised their fists.

Grinning, Braith nodded-and threw the first punch.

Addolgar heard the familiar sounds of a brawl and opened his eyes to see Braith tossed out of the passage. But she got back to her claws and was ready when the first She-dragon ran at her. Then another. And another. Four altogether attacking Braith. Yet ... she didn't seem to mind. She seemed to be having fun. In fact, if he didn't know better ... he'd think she'd forgotten about him completely.

She caught a wrist, twisted, and caught a back claw aimed for her face. She yanked both in the opposite direction, and still managed to block a tail to the neck, and a fist to the spine.

Even bleeding to death, Addolgar was impressed.

Braith unleashed her wings and went up to the ceiling holding on to a tail and a fist. Using her wings, she spun in the air, taking the She-dragons with her, and dropped them when she had some speed. Both She-dragons went flying, and Braith landed hard on the ground, panting and grinning-until she saw Addolgar. And the way her grin faded, Addolgar realized something....

"Piss and shit ... she did forget all about me."

Gods! What had she done! The only dragon she'd ever wanted to be with and she'd forgotten he was out here ... dying! Because she had a chance to brawl against She-dragons just as strong and ridiculous as she was!

She was horrible! She was a horrible, horrible She-dragon! She wasn't even a dragon. No. At this moment, she was like a human. A worthless, pathetic, weak human! Her mother would be so ashamed!

Well ... her mum would be ashamed of how she'd forgotten about poor Addolgar. But her mother wouldn't be ashamed of the way Braith slammed her back claw down, catching hold of the tail trying to trip her to the floor while she was busy worrying about poor Addolgar.

Braith reached down, grabbed that tail, and began to ram the She-dragon it was attached to against the cave wall until a voice bellowed out, "What in all of damnation is going on here!"

Startled, Braith released the tail and the She-dragon she'd been battering and faced that bellowing voice.

Another blue She-dragon. Older. Green eyes widening at the sight of Braith.

"Gods. Braith? Little Braith?"

"Hello, Aunt Crystin," Braith greeted.

Beside her, one of her cousins stood, looked Braith over, and demanded of Crystin, "Little?"

Indignant, Braith glowered at the She-dragon and demanded, "Throwing boulders from that glass cave are we?"

Kin. Now he understood. They were all kin. He could see it now that the fur capes were off and he had nearly ten She-dragons with blue hair, wide shoulders, and startling green eyes, staring intently at him.

"I think he's already dead," one of the younger ones observed.

"He is not dead," Braith snapped.

"Everyone calm down." An older one carefully examined his wounded leg. "This spear nicked an artery." She glanced at Braith. "You were smart not to remove this."

"I was hoping I'd made the right decision. He was in so much pain."

"He looks familiar to my eyes," another older She-dragon noted. "Do we know him?"

"He's Addolgar the Cheerful," Braith answered. "Of the Cadwaladr Clan."

The one called Crystin gasped. "Gods. One of Ailean's offspring?"

Then, in unison, the four older She-dragons sighed out, "Ailean."

Braith's back straightened, understanding the smile on her older kin's faces far too well.

"All of you?" she asked. Actually, it was more a demand.

"Not all at the same time," the one examining his wound stated. "That would have been wrong."

"And disgusting," one of the younger ones muttered.

"He looks quite a bit like his father," another older one stated. "In the face. Similar snout. Don't you think, Crystin?"

"I do. But there was just something about that dragon, wasn't there, sister? Something ... delicious."

"You know my father's not dead, Mum?" one of the younger ones complained. "He may not be here, but you could at least show a bit of respect around his favorite daughter."

Another young one looked at the first. "Daddy never said you were his favorite."

"But I know I am."

"We should move him," his healer stated, resting back on her haunches. "He needs warmth from a fire, and it'll take me some time to get this out without killing him in the process."

Addolgar didn't know if Braith made a sound or an expression that he missed, but the older one quickly soothed her with, "Do not worry so, Braith. This won't be the first time I've fixed this kind of wound. And all those who've come to me have survived. We just need to take care. And I need you to be strong. Understand?"

"I do."

She nodded. "You have your mother's strength, child. You'll be fine." The healer looked at Addolgar. "I'm Owena. I'll be taking care of you. And you'll be fine. Understand, Addolgar?"

"That's what's been missing," Addolgar noted, raising his talon and weakly pointing at Braith.

"Missing?" Owena asked him.

"With Braith. I see it now," he told them, wanting them to understand, should Owena have her first failure with this type of wound. "She's home now. It was never her father." He smiled up at Braith, took her claw in his. "You're home now."

Addolgar had other things to say, but he was so tired and everything was going sort of black anyway. It made more sense to close his eyes and stop worrying. So he did.

Braith gripped Addolgar's claw. "He's dead," she gasped.

"He's not dead," Aunt Owena told her.

"He looks dead," one of her cousins muttered.

"Shut up, Heledd." Owena motioned to them. "Let's get him inside."

Together, they all lifted Addolgar-not an easy feat even for them-and carried him deep into the lair of the Penardduns. They placed him in a cavern with a blazing pit fire and a chest filled with Owena's healing tools.

Braith's mother had once told her that Owena was more fighter than healer, but someone among them had to do it and Braith's grandmother had decided it would be Owena.

Once they had Addolgar facedown on a fur bedroll, Owena again examined his wounds and ordered two of the younger females to pull together clean cloth, water, and tools while Crystin grabbed Braith's forearm.

"Come with me. Now."

Braith knew what was about to happen. She'd come here out of desperation. That was all. But she'd face anything to save Addolgar. She truly would.

Crystin pulled Braith out of one chamber and into a much larger one. There was an enormous table surrounded by chairs that she assumed were used when the Penardduns were in their human forms. Another aunt, Aledwen, if Braith remembered correctly, walked in from a separate passageway, her eyes widening at the sight of Braith, just as Crystin's had done.

Aledwen put her claw to her chest. "Gods. For a moment ..."

"I know, sister," Crystin said, her gaze on Braith. "I also thought our beloved sister had returned to us. You look so much like your mother, Braith." Crystin straightened up a bit. "And you came here when you needed help-"

"I'm sorry about that," Braith quickly cut in. "I know this wasn't what you wanted, but you were the closest and Addolgar needed help now."

"Not what we wanted?" Crystin glanced back at her sister. "Who told you that, Braith?"

"You did. I was considered my father's child, not a Penarddun. Your letter after my mother died made it clear how you all felt."

Crystin sighed, shook her head, while Aledwen turned away.

"What?" Braith asked.

Crystin shrugged. "I never wrote you a letter, Braith."

"It was your dragon script, Crystin. I know it."

"I never wrote it."

Tragically, Braith wouldn't put it past her father to have someone copy Crystin's style of dragon script, but that didn't explain anything else.

"Whether you wrote the letter or not, you never came to see me after Mum's death. You never ..." She choked back tears threatening to come. "You never came for the Ritual of Ashes. You never came just to see me."

"You're right. We didn't. We stayed as far away from you as we possibly could. Didn't even come to Devenallt Mountain when invited, took the role of protectors of our borders when necessary. You're absolutely right. We did all that."

"Well," Braith said, knowing she sounded bitter but unable to help it, "glad we got that cleared up."

She turned, ready to go back to Addolgar's side, when Aledwen suddenly blurted out, "He threatened to kill you."

Braith stopped. "What?" she asked, without looking at either aunt.

"He threatened to kill you."

"Eventually," Crystin added. "First, he threatened to take your title and any fortune our sister left you. But he quickly realized that threat held no meaning to a Penarddun. But then he said if we made any attempt to contact you again, he'd have you killed. He knew poisoners. 'The best in the land,' he said. That he could do it, even while you were safe here. And that, child, was when we believed him."

Braith slowly faced her aunts, studied their faces, and quickly saw the truth in their eyes.

"To be honest," Crystin went on, "we thought you'd come to us. So we waited rather than risk your life. But we should have known your father had found a way around that as well."

"But why?" Braith asked. "He has no use for me. No love. Why would he care if I was here with you or alone in my cave?"

"The Penardduns are matriarchal, child. His first threat didn't work with us because anything and everything your mother had, including title, was passed down to you. I honestly think that at first, he was just being his usual, vindictive self when he kept you from us."

"We used to openly mock his weak arms and that tiny little neck of his," Aledwen said, grinning. "He hated that."

"But once he understood the true power of our line, he understood that without you, Emyr and his idiot sons risked losing all of their standing among those court royals who actually give an ox's shit about all that as well as your mother's fortune-and that he would not stand for."

"But he wouldn't have lost his Elder status."

"Do you really think your father cares about being an Elder?" Crystin asked.

Aledwen gave a hard laugh. "Do you think he would have even gotten that had it not been for your mother?"

"Emyr has always had much bigger goals than to be a mere Elder."

"Like taking the throne?" Braith asked.

"Well-" Aledwen began, but Crystin held up her claw, her gaze on Braith.

"Gods, child," Crystin said with a sigh. "What has that ridiculous a**hole done now?"

Addolgar opened his eyes and smiled into the face staring down at him. "Braith ... you've aged beautifully."

Old Braith grinned. "Thank you. But I'm Braith's aunt. Remember? Owena?"

"Oh. Right. You f**ked me dad."

"Aw, dear." Owena patted his shoulder. "Everyone's f**ked your dad."

"I know. He's quite proud of that. Am I going to die, Lady Owena?"

"Just Owena. And no. You've got your father's constitution and your mother's will to live. Because how that She-dragon survived her time as bitch Addiena's companion, we have yet to figure out."

"Now, now. That's treasonous talk."

"I like to live on the edge." She winked at him while wiping blood from her hands with a big cloth. That's when Addolgar realized he was in his human form.

"Hey. I'm nak*d!"

Owena laughed. "You are. And I realize that my sister was right. How like your father you are, sweet Addolgar." She leaned in and whispered, "I see why our little Braith likes you."

"Does she?"

"Can't you tell?"

"I'm male. I have no idea what you females are thinking."

Owena laughed again and said, "I'll get her. She can show you herself."

Owena turned to go, but Addolgar caught her arm, gently held it. "She didn't think she was welcome here."

"She was wrong. We never turn a Penarddun female away. Ever. But her father had other plans."

"Does she understand that?"

"She's learning. It'll take time. He ... he made sure she felt completely alone."

"She's not alone," he said simply. "She has me."

Owena smiled, and gods, he saw Braith in that smile. "We'll make sure she learns that too."

"Well, don't be too pushy. You don't want to put her off me. But feel free to put in a good word."

Laughing again, Owena patted his shoulder and walked out of the chamber. But Addolgar didn't know what was so funny. He really wanted her to put in a good word for him.

Braith looked up as Owena walked into the chamber. They'd all eventually shifted to human so they could help with Addolgar since Owena said it would be quicker for Addolgar to heal that way.

"Should I assume from that smile he's going to be all right?" Braith asked, needing to hear something good.

"He'll be fine," Owena said on a laugh. "That boy is ... entertaining to say the least." She dropped into a chair catty-corner from Braith, wiped her brow, and let out a long breath. "I hate artery work. Do the wrong thing and you could have the one you're trying to save bleeding out all over you."

"I'm so glad that didn't happen."

"Me, too. I've heard it's quite a mess when it does." Owena looked around. "Where's everyone else?"

"Went to town to get food and wine."

"Ahhh. To celebrate your return to the Penarddun fold."

"Have I returned?"

"Are you asking me because you're subtly telling me you're not? Or because you're seriously not sure?"

"Well, I'm not subtle."

Owena chuckled. "Nor was your mum."

"Why was she with him?" Braith asked.

"With your father?" Owena thought a moment. "Because she wanted you."

"She could have had me with anyone."

"Not every She-dragon finds a mate because not every She-dragon wants one. Your mother never wanted one. She liked fighting and she liked us. That was it. But she wanted you. She had you named when she was still a hatchling. But she needed a male to make that happen. The problem was finding a male willing to have an offspring outside of mating. When she couldn't, she turned to someone who wanted anything but his mate's love. Then she had a son ... so she tried again. She had another son, so she tried again. Then she had you and she had what she wanted."

"And my father had what he wanted."

"Sons and a title." Owena rolled her eyes. "I always hated your father. Scum on a dying pond has more integrity than your father."

"Doesn't that lack of integrity taint me? Being his daughter?"

"You're not his daughter," Owena snapped, one finger pointing at her. "You're your mum's daughter. You're a Penarddun. Just like your mother and your mother's mother and her mother's mother. Going back a millennium. Your father was nothing more than a means to a very important end.

"But," Owena went on, leaning back in the chair, "it seems his time is over."

"He's betrayed the Queen."

"No. He betrayed Addiena. That's a fool's game." Owena studied her. "And she sent you to catch him?"

"It was either him or me." She glanced over at the chamber where Addolgar recovered. "If it wasn't for Addolgar and the Cadwaladr Clan, the Queen's Guard would be tossing my head off Devenallt Mountain as we speak." Braith ran her hands through her hair. "Is it true?" she asked. "Did my father really threaten to-"

"You know it's true, Braith."

"Do I?"

Owena leaned in. "You know. Penardduns don't lie. We hit. And we hit because we know we're stronger than most males. In fact, we're so strong it's hard for us to find males willing to put up with us. But you know, as a female, that if we could have, if we thought for a minute that your father wouldn't carry through with his vile threat-we would have come for you. We would have been there to lay your mum to rest. To perform all the rituals she was due. We never would have let you face that alone. Not the daughter of our dear sister. And definitely not a female of our line."

Braith finally had to ask, "What about the males of our line?"

Owena shrugged, flipped her hand casually. "We care for them. Love them. I have two of my own." Her flitting hand swept the air. "They're around somewhere. And I love them." Her lips pursed a bit, and Braith felt her heart tighten when she recognized the gesture as one her mother had often made. "They are a bit stupid, though."

The pain around Braith's heart lessened when she had to laugh. "Aunt Owena."

"They can't help it, you know. It happens in the egg," she reasoned. "As soon as they grow that genitalia, intelligence goes right out the window and we're left with this thing that just wants to stick it in any hole."

"Aunt Owena!"

"Oh, tell me I'm wrong!"

"Well," Braith admitted, "I don't know if I can do that."

"Of course you can't. But that's all right. We're Penardduns, which means we accept males as they are. Handsome but stupid and useless without us."

"That is very giving of you," Braith teased.

But Owena said, in all seriousness, "I know."

Addolgar opened his eyes again and announced, "You're young again, Braith of the Darkness!"

Braith frowned. "What?"

"You're young again. I saw you much older and you were still astoundingly beautiful. But now you're young again ... and you've multiplied."

"Multi ..."

Braith looked over her shoulder and snarled at the additional versions of herself. "Don't you lot have something else to do?"

"Come on," one of the copies said to the others. "She's got her claws into this one."

"You need to learn to share, Braith of the Darkness," said another.

"You need to piss off, cousin."

One copy grabbed another copy's arm. "Come on, sister. She's attached to this one. You might as well give it up."

With some grumbling, the copies departed, leaving Addolgar alone with the original. The perfect, delicious original.

"How do you feel?" Braith asked him.

"Not bad. But I think that's because the Older You had me drink some ale that's completely wiped any and all pain from my system. I want to bring some of that home."

Braith dropped her head, but he could tell from the way her shoulders shook that she was laughing.

"Well," she finally said, "I'm glad you're all right. I was worried."

"So was I. But Older You took very good care of me."

"You should know, Addolgar, that Older Me is Owena. And I wouldn't call her Older anything, if I were you."

"Good idea. The lasses hate that."

"Yes. We lasses do."

Braith tucked the fur covering around Addolgar's body, but he pushed the covers off again.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Get in."

Braith's eyebrows went up. "Get in? Are you mad?"

"No. I need you to help me heal."

"Addolgar the Cheerful, you need no such thing!"

"Owena!" Addolgar yelled out as Braith desperately tried to cover his mouth. "Braith won't help me heal!"

"Gods, child!" Owena called from the other chamber. "Just get into bed with the big idiot. It's not like he can do anything with as much of your aunt's ale as I made him drink."

Addolgar grinned. "See? She agrees with me."

"Oh ... fine!" Braith went around the other side of the bed they'd moved Addolgar to once Owena had used Magicks to force his body to shift to human, and got in next to him.

"Aren't you going to get nak*d?"

"No, I am not going to get nak*d!"

"Owena!" he called out. "Braith won't get nak*d!"

"Why are you making the poor lad work for it?" her aunt called back.

"I am not getting nak*d!" Braith yelled so everyone would hear it. "So just leave off!"

"Someone's no fun," one cousin announced.

"Poor Cadwaladr!" said another.

"Heard his father never had to work so hard," another piped in.

"There's truth to that!" admitted an aunt.

"I'll get nak*d!" offered another.

Pulling the covers up to cover both her and Addolgar, Braith settled into his side while yelling, "I swear by all the gods, if I have to come out there, there will be all hells to pay!"

There was finally silence from her kin after that announcement, and that's when Addolgar knew he'd been right. "Just like I said, Braith of the Darkness ... you're finally home."

"And how do you know that, Addolgar the Cheerful?"

"Because your beautiful smile tells me so. Now cuddle me close so I can hold you while I sleep."

Braith did just that, placing her head against his chest and her arm around his waist. Addolgar wrapped his arms around Braith, sighed happily, and kissed the top of her head.

"I'm so glad you're here, Braith," he told her.

"So am I. Because clearly my kin can't be trusted around handsome dragons weak from blood loss."

And he adored the fact that she sounded a bit jealous when she said that.

Chapter 15

"Time to eat!" a voice bellowed, and Addolgar's eyes snapped open to see one of Braith's aunts standing over him. "You hungry, Cadwaladr?"

"Always," he admitted.

"Good." She motioned to a platter of meat she'd rested on a side table by the bed. "Owena wants you to eat. So eat."

"Yes, ma'am."

The She-dragon grunted and walked out of the chamber.

"Is she gone?" Braith whispered.

"Aye."

"Am I that loud?" she asked.

"Not at all. Braith, you barely speak."

"Why speak when you have little to say?"

"You have tons to say, you just think it instead. But what you're thinking shows on your face. And it's usually scathing!"

Braith giggled at that because they both knew he was right.

Braith sat up, the smell of fresh meat rousing her stomach. She hadn't had anything to eat or drink but Bercelak's jerky and lake water since they'd left the pub. Even nicer, someone had cooked the meat for them. Much easier for their human forms to digest, and she always enjoyed the smell of freshly cooked meat.

But before she dove headfirst into the platter of food, she studied Addolgar's face. His color was back, and he seemed stronger than he had the night before.

He returned her gaze before suddenly announcing, "You're so beautiful."

Braith let out a sigh. "Damn. I thought you were getting better."

"Sorry?"

"I thought you were getting better. But it seems you're still off from the loss of blood or my aunt's ale."

"Because I told you that you're beautiful?"

Braith frowned. Addolgar did sound ... better. Stronger. More like himself.

"Well ... I guess," she admitted. "I'm just not used to it."

"Get used to it. I hate having to constantly argue my point with you."

"I didn't think we were arguing."

"We would be if you kept not believing me when I tell you how beautiful you are."

Gods, she wished he'd stop saying it. It made her feel uncomfortable. Mostly because no one had ever said it to her before. Definitely not her father or brothers. And no other male dragon she'd spent time with before had said the things to her that Addolgar had said and continued to say.

Things that she had to admit-at least to herself-she loved to hear even while they made her uncomfortable.

"We still have to retrieve my father," Braith said, trying to change the subject.

"Trying to change the subject, I see," Addolgar announced.

Bastard.

"Well, we do need to retrieve him."

"I know. And we will."

"You seem awfully confident about that."

"Your father has not decided to spend his life in the Northlands. I've been to the Northlands, Braith. It's nothing but snow and ice and miserable dragons and humans. Your father may be a miserable bastard, but he wants the Southlands. The Northlands is not what he wants, and he has to know he's not strong enough to ever get them. He couldn't even manage his own daughter much less a bloody Lightning Horde. So I have no doubts we'll find him. Now kiss me," he ordered.

"You are awfully surly this morning."

"The pain in my leg is brutal. My head hurts because I think I'm hungover from your aunt's blasted ale. And you haven't kissed me yet. So, aye, I am surly. I'm allowed to be surly!"

A sentiment bellowed at Braith. And one that made her giggle.

"What's so funny?" he grumbled.

"You're much more terrifying when you're cheerful. When you're surly, you just sound like a cranky hatchling." She thought a moment before adding, "Like Bercelak."

"There's no need to be so bloody rude, Braith of the Darkness!"

Her smile lit up the chamber and it brought Addolgar joy to see it. But he was feeling very cranky because he was in pain, so he refused to tell her any of that. Instead, he snapped, "You should have gone after your father yesterday while he was still on Outer Plains territory. Like I told you to."

"And left you to die?"

"If necessary."

"That would have been bloody stupid."

"The fact is that now we'll have to travel deep into Northland territory to retrieve your father."

"You said he wouldn't go there."

"I said he wouldn't stay there. I didn't say he wouldn't go there. But we can't wait for him to return here with a bloody Lightning Horde at his back."

"I don't know why you're getting angry at me. When we discussed this last night-"

"Last night I was drunk on that demon wine your aunts make! This morning I see everything quite clearly!"

"Well, you know what else you can see clearly?" she snarled. "My ass! As I walk away!"

Then she was off the bed and gone from the chamber, leaving him alone, in pain, and still cranky.

Surprisingly, yelling at her had not made him feel any better.

Braith walked until she'd found her way outside. Once she stood under the early morning suns, she took in a deep breath of the cool Outer Plains air and tried to stop herself from going back inside and pummeling Addolgar the Brainless. Because he deserved a right good pummeling!

"Good morn, cousin."

Braith turned and saw three of her cousins sunning themselves on boulders. Like lizards. Lizards in human form.

"What are you doing?" Braith asked.

"Enjoying the suns," replied one.

"It gives our scales a lovely bright hue," said another.

Braith blinked. "Except you're all in your human form. So how does that help your scales?"

They stared at her for several seconds before one stated, "You're a bit of a know-it-all, aren't you?"

"How is that ..." Braith shook her head. She wouldn't go from arguing with one idiot to arguing with three.

When Braith didn't say anything, one of her cousins asked, "Do you think your father would have really killed you if our mums tried to contact you?"

"Yes," Braith said plainly. She'd accepted the truth of that late in the evening as Addolgar had slept beside her.

"That's so sad."

Braith shrugged. "Eh." She could no longer dig up the energy to care about what her father did, would do, or would like to do. If he'd had his chance, he probably would have strangled her as soon as she'd hatched, but he'd always been a bit terrified of her mum. With good reason. Her mother would have twisted his head around until it popped off his shoulders if he'd ever touched Braith.

"Well, uh ..."

"Braith," Braith filled in for them.

"We remember. I think I remember playing with you when we were hatchlings. You're Braith, and I'm Caron, Crystin's eldest. This is Ffraid, Owena's middle daughter. And this is Delyth, Aledwen's eldest."

"We're glad you're here, cousin," Ffraid told Braith. "Our mums worried over you constantly. So now maybe they'll shut up about you."

For some reason, the muttered words made Braith chuckle.

"And now that you're safe with us," Ffraid went on, "we can show your father what it really means to f**k with the House of Penarddun."

"Aye," Caron agreed. "Once we get your father back here, we'll deal with him."

"Get him back here?" Braith asked.

"Aye. Mum sent out Heledd-that's Aledwen's younger daughter you chatted with last night-and two of Ffraid's sisters. They're good trackers. They'll track him. And once we know where the bastard is, together we'll hunt him down and show him that Queen Addiena should be the least of his fears."

Braith stepped closer to her cousins. "Hunt him down ... together?"

"Oh, luv," Caron said sadly, "do you still care about what happens to your father?"

"No," Braith said flatly. "I guess I'm just trying to understand. All of you will be coming with me and Addolgar ... into Horde territory to help me bring in my father?"

The three She-dragons sat up and gazed at Braith.

"Of course that's what we mean," Delyth replied. "You're no longer in this alone, Braith of the Darkness. You're one of us."

"And that bastard father of yours no longer holds your safety over our heads," Ffraid added.

"But I wouldn't worry, cousin," Caron said, lifting her face up toward the sunlight and closing her eyes. "He'll be out of your life soon enough and then you can decide what you'll do next."

"Do next?"

"Like move here with us for training," Delyth said.

"Or spend your time with that hunk of Cadwaladr meat."

"Oh. Uh ... yeah, uh ..."

"Look!" Ffraid crowed. "She's blushing!"

"I am not!" Braith shot back.

"You are! It's so cute!"

"I am not cute!"

"Of course you're not, luv," Caron told her. "You're a Penarddun. No one will call us beautiful or heart-stopping-"

"Oh, no," Ffraid cut in. "They do call Penardduns heart stoppers."

When her cousins said nothing, "Get it?"

That's when they started laughing at a confused Ffraid. "What?" she asked. "Wait. Are you laughing at me or at my joke? Because my joke is quite witty."

Fed up with sitting around, feeling miserable and still cranky, Addolgar threw his legs over the side of the bed.

"What do you think you're doing?" Owena asked as she walked into the chamber with another jug of that cursed ale.

"I'm getting up. I can't sit around, doing nothing-"

"That's exactly what you're going to do until that leg heals."

Addolgar stood up, felt pain shoot through his leg and right into his back, making his head hurt even more. He ignored it. "My leg's healed enough," he lied.

Owena sighed and stepped back. "Oy!" she called out. "The Mountain is trying to walk on that leg."

Addolgar stopped, focused on Owena. "The Mountain?"

"What do you want us to call you?"

"By my name?"

"Eh," Owena said, sounding just like her niece.

Three more of Braith's aunts walked into the chamber.

"What's going on?" Crystin asked.

"I think he's trying to leave," Owena answered.

"Where are you trying to go, Mountain?"

"Stop calling me Mountain. We have to find Emyr. If you hadn't realized, your niece's life depends on returning him to the Queen."

"Oh, for the sake of the gods," Crystin sighed out. "This is already being handled."

Addolgar, now hopping around on one leg trying to reach his travel bags and the human clothes within, asked, "Handled?"

"We have our best trackers hunting down that ponce as we speak. If they can't bring the idiot back themselves, we'll do it, kick him around a bit, and then pass him off to your precious Queen to finish him."

Resting his hands on a wooden chair, Addolgar looked over at the four She-dragons. Like Braith, they were all tall with strong shoulders and necks, powerful legs, and bright eyes, but, he sensed, there was an inherent lack of understanding among them that he hadn't had to worry about with Braith. She understood things quite clearly. But the She-dragons of the House of Penarddun as a whole ...

Addolgar just didn't know. He knew little of royals, but the ones he'd had any dealings with were nothing like these females. The Penardduns had no servants, wore mostly trousers when they were human, and liked to brawl. With each other. True, he really liked that about them, but it still had him very worried.

"The trackers you sent," he said, "they weren't your daughters, were they?"

"Of course they were. Our daughters are the best trackers you'll ever find."

Addolgar briefly dropped his head. When he was in a better mood, he'd probably handle this with more skill. But he was in pain and cranky.

"You let your daughters go into Northland territory? Horde territory? With Lightnings? The dragons who kidnap our females, cut off one of their wings, and force them to be their mates?"

Owena frowned. "I thought they didn't do that anymore."

"Of course they do!" Addolgar bellowed. "They just took Davon the Elegant from her kin's cave. And you lot sent your defenseless daughters to face them! Alone!"

"Ohhhh," Crystin said. "So we need big, strong males like you to protect us from big, strong males? Is that it?"

Addolgar wagged a finger at Crystin. "I have sisters, Lady Crystin. And you'll not trick me with that one."

Owena walked toward him. "Don't worry about our daughters, Mountain-"

"Please don't call me that."

"-they'll be just fine. They know how not to be seen. Especially by big, strong males of any species. So you can get back into bed."

"I've made up my mind," he insisted.

That's when all four females moved toward him until they surrounded him. Owena pointed at the bed.

"Get over there."

"No. You can't make me."

"Oh, dear boy," Crystin told him sadly. "Yes. We can."

Devouring several pieces of bacon she'd snatched from a plate on the table, Braith walked toward the chamber where Addolgar was resting. As she walked, she passed all her aunts and cousins heading in the opposite direction.

"Where are you all off to?" she asked.

"Going into town for a bit. Get a few supplies. Need anything?"

Braith shook her head. "I'm fine. Thanks. Did you check with Addolgar, though?"

Her Aunt Crystin stopped, blinked at her. "Uh-huh. He's fine."

"All right," Braith said around the delicious, chewy bacon in her mouth. She continued on. She wasn't in the mood for another fight with Addolgar, so she only planned to pass the chamber and glance in to make sure he was sleeping or, at the very least, hadn't rolled off the bed in a fit of Cadwaladr rage.

And, as planned, she glanced in and kept walking....

Then Braith stopped, blinked, looked around, and, finally, took several steps back until she arrived at the chamber opening.

"Not a word," he growled. "Not a bloody word."

Taking another bite of bacon, Braith sauntered into the chamber until she reached the bed. She gazed down at Addolgar.

"Comfortable?" she asked.

"Leave off."

"Just want to make sure you're comfortable, Sergeant." She leaned over and carefully studied the chains that had his arms secured to the bed. "Oh, poor lad." She leaned back, shook her head sadly. "These aren't dwarven steel, I'm afraid. You could probably break through dwarven steel like I did." She bit the inside of her mouth to keep from laughing when Addolgar rolled his eyes. "This is Volcano dragon steel. Even a Penarddun can't break Volcano steel."

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" he demanded.

"Of course not. I'm sure this was done in your best interest." She smirked. "Did you try to leave? Did you find out they sent my cousins into Northland territory?"

"Even you have to know that was foolish."

"They didn't ask me. But at least my cousins are not wounded. Can't fight anyone with that leg of yours."

"It's healing."

"I'm sure it is. But it'll be even better tomorrow."

Addolgar snarled, looking off.

"Don't be mad at me," Braith told him. "I didn't chain you up."

"But you would have."

"If it would allow you to heal properly so you can adequately back me up in a fight-damn right I would."

He glowered at her. "Did you know?"

She took another bite of bacon before asking, "Know what?"

"That your kin has started calling me The Mountain?"

The snort and the bacon she'd been chewing were out of her mouth before she could even think to stop them, so when both hit Addolgar full in the face, she could tell he was not happy about it.

"Get out," he ordered.

"Addolgar-"

"Just go."

"You're being unreasonable." She dropped the rest of the bacon on the plate of untouched meat Owena had placed on the side table earlier and wiped her hands off on her trousers.

"I know you're in pain," she said.

"I'm fine."

"And that you're anxious and miserable. I understand all that."

"You understand nothing, heartless female."

"But we're all just trying to take care of you."

"By tying me to the bed? Is that what Daughters of the House of Penarddun call taking care of the wounded?"

"They only did that to protect you."

"And you're full of massive shi-"

"Addolgar the Cheerful!" she barked, mostly so she wouldn't laugh. "Watch how you speak to me, Low Born!"

"Finally," he grumbled. "Signs that you are, actually, a bloody royal."

"I am a royal. Royal blood runs through my veins, and my aunts say that my mother left me a vast fortune that my father didn't know about. Now it's all mine. They've been saving it for me. A dragon's hoard of jewels and gold, just for me."

"What is your point in telling me this?"

"So you'll know that I'm a powerful royal now with all my gold."

"And?"

"You better be nice to me."

"Or what?" he challenged, his dark silver brows pulled low, his brown eyes annoyed. Addolgar the Cheerful was definitely a healer's nightmare. He was always in such good spirits that when he was truly wounded or ill, he just became an incorrigible baby.

A handsome, adorable, incorrigible baby.

Braith moved to the foot of the bed and using one finger, stroked it down the arch of Addolgar's foot, then using three fingers, she slipped her hand under the cover and stroked carefully across Addolgar's bandaged ankle and up his calf.

"What are you doing?" he asked as she, and her hand, moved forward.

"Amusing myself as powerful royals are allowed to do." She dragged her fingers up his inside thigh. "Are you, Low Born, saying I'm not allowed to amuse myself with you?"

Still frowning, Addolgar stared at her, clearly confused. Until the back of her hand brushed against his cock, and his entire body jerked in surprise. His frown slowly faded and he gazed at her with wide eyes.

"Well," she pushed, "am I not allowed to amuse myself with you?"

Addolgar cleared his throat, shook his head. "Of course you are ... powerful royal. Amuse yourself all you'd like."

When had Braith become this brazen little wench who couldn't seem to stop smiling and touching his cock? Not that he minded her being a brazen little wench. He liked her a lot. Perhaps more than he should. But now he knew he'd been right all along. Braith had been missing something. But now, back with her kin, a part of them, she was whole once more. And being whole would make anyone happy.

And a happy Braith was a Braith who brazenly put her hand under his fur covering and stroked his cock.

Her fingers strong and firm, she smiled as she watched him.

"Unchain me, Braith," he ordered, desperate to get his hands on her. To drag her to the bed and take her, hard and fast.

But Braith's reply was a simple, "No."

"What do you mean no?"

"No," she said again, her hand still stroking him.

"Dammit, Braith, get these chains off me!"

"No."

"I'll tear this bed apart," he threatened.

"And then you'll have to answer to my aunts. They're very proud of this bed. Ripped some poor bloke's castle apart, stone by stone, to get it, too. Do you want to tell them what happened to their bed when they get back?"

Growling and seriously annoyed, Addolgar still had to admit, "No. I do not."

"That's what I thought."

Who knew Braith could be so bloody smug? So damn haughty? And gods in heaven, a hand had never felt so good before.

"Braith," he groaned out, unable to stay mad at her for long when she was doing such wonderful things to-

"Oy!" he snapped when she pulled her hand away. "Put your hand back there, female!"

"Calm yourself, Sergeant."

She grabbed the bottom of her green cotton shirt, a loan from one of her cousins. Clothes from a fellow female that actually fit Braith's shoulders, neck, and arms. She pulled the material over her head and tossed it aside.

"I'll be right back," she said before burrowing under the fur covering.

Addolgar leaned up to see what she was doing. "You'll be right back? Braith of the Darkness, what exactly are you up-gods!"

Her hot mouth pressed against the side of his cock, her tongue teasing as it followed the veins to the tip.

Addolgar got even harder. As he was unable to see anything but her head moving under that fur covering, all he could do was feel and it felt bloody amazing.

He gripped the chains with his fingers, cursing the fact that Braith seemed to be right. Volcano dragon steel was impossible to break.

Braith now had the head of his c*ck in her mouth, and Addolgar was trying to focus on the crystals hanging from the cave ceiling. They sparkled, reflecting the light from the nearby pit fire.

No. That wasn't working. He didn't give a centaur's shit about crystals hanging from the ceiling. He didn't give a centaur's shit about anything at the moment except Braith, her mouth, and what they were both doing to his cock.

Addolgar really didn't think he could take much more, but then Braith did something no other female had ever done to him before-she released her flame.

Not a giant ball of it, meant to destroy or batter everything in her way. Just a bit of flame. Just enough, in fact, to almost have him coming right there.

"Braith," he snarled out between gritted teeth. "Braith, get up here now. Now!"

She crawled up his chest until her head came out from under the fur covering. "Too much?" she asked. Although the grin on her face told him she didn't care if it was.

"Get nak*d, Braith," he ordered. "And ride me. Now."

"But-"

"No more joking, Braith. Either you ride me now, hard, or I tear this bed apart and you will have to deal with your aunts. You."

She sat up, the fur covering falling away as she did. Her n**ples were hard, and she was breathing deep, her green eyes dark as she watched him.

"Fuck me, Braith of the Darkness," Addolgar told her. "Fuck me before I destroy everything just to get to you."

Braith couldn't get out of her boots and trousers fast enough. In fact, she still had her trousers hanging from one leg when she straddled his hips. She couldn't be bothered to take them off completely. Not when his c*ck was pointing right to the ceiling, hard and true, his face begging her to take what was hers.

Holding his c*ck between her fingers, she maneuvered over it, and then slowly lowered herself down. It filled her, so thick and long that Braith had to stretch her thighs farther apart. She took her hand away and let her weight do the rest.

When she finally rested against Addolgar's body, they were both panting. She'd never felt like this before. It was as if her entire body was alive, feeling everything, wanting to feel everything. She no longer missed her safe haven in the cave where she spent all her hours alone. Not when she could have this. And for the first time in her life, she felt she could have this. She could have it if she wanted it.

She began rocking her h*ps against Addolgar, using her muscles to squeeze his cock. His back arched, pushing himself deeper inside her, and Braith leaned forward, pressing one hand against his chest to hold her body up.

She gazed deep into his eyes and Addolgar stared right back.

"You are so beautiful," he said-and she believed him. She believed that he believed she was beautiful.

The hand braced against him slid up until she tightly gripped his shoulder. Her other hand, with her gaze still locked with his, slid down her stomach and between her thighs. With the tip of her middle finger, she circled her clit. She wanted them to come together, and Addolgar's hands were currently ... occupied.

Their groans filled the chamber, their bodies writhing on the bed as Braith did what Addolgar had ordered her to do and rode him harder and harder, until he came inside her, his body nearly lifting off the bed. Braith's own orgasm followed close behind, her thighs gripping him so tight she feared she'd broken his hips.

When her body had stopped shaking, Braith dropped down on Addolgar's chest, his still-hard c*ck buried inside her.

It took them long minutes to get their breath back. And when they finally did, Addolgar stated, "I am so hungry now. And I blame you for that, Braith of the Darkness."

And, yes, Braith did consider that a compliment.

Chapter 16

At some point, Braith had removed Addolgar's chains, but by then he'd had no desire to go anywhere. He was much too comfortable, too bloody happy, to even consider leaving this bed. Not when he had her asleep in his arms, one impossibly long leg wrapped around his waist, her silky hair sweeping across his chest.

He stroked her back and let her sleep until he heard the happy scream of returning hatchlings.

"Braith," he murmured softly. "Wake up, luv. Your kin are home."

She lifted her head, pushing her hair off her face. "Huh?"

"Your kin have returned."

Braith rested her arms on his chest and frowned into his face. "So? Oh. Did they call for me?"

"No, but-"

Owena walked in. "When you're up," she said to Braith, "come into the hall. We have something for you."

"Ooooh!" Braith cheered. "Gifts!"

Owena laughed and walked out. That's when Addolgar realized something. "They don't care, do they?"

"Don't care about what?"

"You, the long lost daughter of their sister, being with someone like me."

"Someone like you?"

"A Cadwaladr. A low born."

"Considering they sigh every time your father's name is mentioned, I'd have to say no, they don't care."

"For good or bad, there were few who escaped my father's attention before he mated with me mum. But it was never far from anyone's mind that he was and always would be a Cadwaladr. A battle dog that the royals use for protection."

"I like dogs," she softly mused. "Especially when they have a little extra fat and are well seasoned."

"Don't"-Addolgar closed his eyes and worked hard to not laugh-"ever say that to my mother. She has a fondness for dogs. Live, happy ones."

"Is that why there were all those dogs running around your-"

"Gods," he cut in, "you didn't eat one, did you?"

"No, no." Braith sat up. "I was too annoyed at you to eat much of anything while at your parents' home."

He chuckled. "Aye. You were."

"I'm going to go see what they got me," Braith told him, tossing off the fur covering. "I'll bring you some supper."

Addolgar sat up, stretching and yawning.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm getting up." He shook his head before she could argue that. "Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere. I just can't lie here anymore. Besides"-he smiled-"I want to see what they got you too."

"What is he doing up and about?" Owena demanded.

Braith, with Addolgar's arm over her shoulder so he could hop on his good leg, led the dragon to the big table in the middle of the hall chamber.

"Chair or table?" she asked him.

"Table."

She got him on the table and waited until he was comfortably situated before facing her aunt.

"What did you ask?"

"I asked what he was doing up?"

"Don't worry. He's not planning to make a run for it."

"He better not," Owena warned.

"So what did you get me from town?" Braith asked.

"Go on, Delyth. Show your cousin what you picked out for her."

Delyth, with her hands behind her back, walked up to Braith and, after a lengthy pause, brought both her arms around. She held out something cloth-covered and long. Braith pulled back the cloth and blinked.

"Oh," she said, staring at the steel and leather-covered hilt. "A sword. How nice."

"It's a good weight," Delyth replied. "A short sword to start you out."

"Right." Braith took the weapon from her cousin's outstretched hands. She hefted it a bit, held it up. "Lovely. Thank you."

"You're welcome."

Braith turned and showed Addolgar the weapon.

He stared at it for a long moment before he asked, "That's what you got her?"

"What does that mean?" Delyth snapped.

"That's a bloody toothpick."

Delyth marched around Braith until she faced Addolgar. "It's not for when she's dragon. It's for when she's human."

"As human she can break dwarven steel into pieces." He reached over and took the sword from Braith's hands. "It's a beautiful weapon. One my sister Ghleanna would adore. But this isn't for Braith."

"Then what is the right weapon for Braith, Lord Smarty Claws?"

Addolgar, his brow going up at the challenge from Delyth, slipped off the table Braith had just put him on and hopped back to their chamber.

"Addolgar!"

"I'm fine!"

Owena shook her head. "That leg will never heal if he keeps running around on it."

"I know."

A few seconds later, Addolgar returned with his oversized carrying bag. He hopped over to the table, tossed the bag on it, then sat down again. Once comfortable, he reached into his bag and pulled out a large-headed hammer.

"A hammer?" Delyth asked, hands on hips. "A sword, Cadwaladr, is elegant. A beautiful extension of a warrior's arm. But you want to give my royal-born cousin a thick, heavy, clumsy weapon like a hammer?"

Addolgar studied the weapon in his big hand, looked over at Braith, and threw it at her.

She caught it, easily. Swung it once, twice, then lifted it with both hands. It felt right in her hands. Comfortable. The way, she assumed, a weapon was supposed to feel.

Braith grinned at Addolgar. A grin he returned.

Owena nodded. "He's right. She's a hammer dragon."

Disgusted, Delyth glowered at both Braith and Addolgar. "You know," she finally said, "you two certainly are perfect together. You're both bloody know-it-alls."

Addolgar sat on the table between Owena, Aledwen, and Crystin. Together, they watched and gave pointers to Braith while she became acquainted with his hammer.

Wait. That came out wrong.

Crystin poked Addolgar in the ribs and he had to grit his teeth from crying out. It seemed the Penarddun "poke" was equivalent to the Cadwaladr head-butt after a night of heavy drinking.

"Yes?" he asked Crystin, once he could do it without crying.

"That niece of ours," she said low, so only he and the other aunts could hear her, "she's a nice lass, isn't she?"

Addolgar thought on that for a moment. He didn't know if he'd call Braith "nice." Bunnies were nice. Braith was more ... lusty! Yes. She was lusty. And beautiful. And adorable. And-

"You don't think she's nice?" Crystin demanded and that's when he realized Braith's aunts had been waiting for a response. When one hadn't come, they'd taken that as a bad thing.

"No," he replied honestly. "I don't think she's nice. She's anything but nice. And when you get to know her again, you'll also realize she's not nice." He looked over the three She-dragons in human form glowering at him. That's when he added, "Because nice is boring. And that's the last thing your niece is. So, no, my ladies, I don't think she's nice at all."

"You know," Braith said, unaware of the other conversations going on around her, "I think with some training, I could wield two of these at the same time. Oh!" She looked at Addolgar, her eyes wide with excitement. "Or an ax."

With a shrug, he reached into his bag and pulled out his ax. He tossed it at her, but Braith wasn't ready for it and she instinctively ducked. The weapon collided with her cousin Ffraid, who'd been standing behind her. Thankfully, the She-dragon was hit with the flat of the blade so it just knocked her on her pretty little ass.

Everyone stopped and stared at poor Ffraid stretched out on the ground, the ax resting on her chest.

Owena leaned over so she could look around Braith. She gazed down at her inert daughter. "You all right, Ffraid?" she called out.

Ffraid raised a hand but her only answer was a groan.

Owena leaned back, nodded. "She'll be fine."

Before Addolgar could dispute that-he had thrown that ax rather hard, knowing quite well that Braith could handle the power of it-Aledwen suddenly jumped off the table, her hand to her forehead.

"Sister?" Crystin asked. "What is it?"

"It's Heledd. She comes this way." She suddenly tore off her fur cloak. "She is not alone," she announced to the room.

Addolgar didn't really know what that meant, but based on the way everyone suddenly moved with purpose, he knew it couldn't be good.

It seemed to be a practiced thing. Several of the older offspring hustled the hatchlings, who were still too young to shift to human, to some other place inside the vast cave while the aunts and older cousins and sisters, retrieved weapons and shields.

Braith still held his hammer. "What's going on?" she asked.

Aledwen, now shifted to her dragon form, faced her niece. "Your father sent Lightnings after Heledd and her cousins."

"How many?" Addolgar demanded, horrified any Southland male would set Lightnings upon the females of their kind.

Aledwen blinked, then answered, "She thinks ... nearly a horde's worth."

Braith let out a breath and, in that instant, Addolgar saw her resolve. He knew what she would do.

"Braith, no."

"You stay here," she told him. "You're not fit enough to fight."

"Please," he said, grabbing Braith's arm. "Let me call to my kin."

"We don't have time, Addolgar," Crystin said. She looked at her niece. "But you should wait here, Braith."

"I won't."

"Braith ... this isn't your fault."

"Perhaps. But you're my kin. I'm coming with you."

Crystin looked at her sisters and they all nodded. Not the reaction Addolgar had been hoping for.

While the aunts and cousins began to head out of the chamber, Addolgar shifted to his dragon form, as did Braith.

"This is reckless, Braith," he warned her. "You're not a warrior. Not yet."

"I know that."

"The Lightnings, as much as I hate them, are fierce warriors. I trained for decades with me uncles before I was ever allowed to face them in battle. You've only been actively kicking ass for the last few days."

"I don't plan to be foolish, Addolgar. But I can't just let them go out there and face this alone."

"They're not alone. They're a crowd."

"Addolgar-"

"Your aunt is right. This isn't your fault."

"I never said it was. But I didn't have to bring you here. I did, and my father knew I would. He sent Lightnings knowing there would be mostly females here. Just what a Lightning Horde would want to hear." She stepped closer, placed her claw on his forearm. "But I need you to stay here. You're still healing and, to be honest, Addolgar, I can't afford to lose you." She shrugged. "I've been swinging your hammer around and it hasn't bothered you once that I haven't grown tired. Most males I've known ... that just makes them nervous."

He took his hammer from her, rammed the base on the rocky floor. It extended into a weapon that could only be held by a dragon in its natural form.

"That's remarkable," she said, smiling as he handed the weapon back to her.

"My sister and I got tired of needing two sets of weapons, one for when we were dragons and one for when we shifted to our human forms. So a Volcano blacksmith made this for us." He wrapped his claw over hers, looked deep into her eyes. "Use it well."

"I will."

She stepped back from him, and that's when Addolgar added, "Their natural weapon is lightning. When they open their maws, be prepared. That shit goes everywhere. Just like in a storm."

"Okay."

"And if they're in armor, well, their armor doesn't cover all their important bits. Feel free to attack the groin if necessary. Use your tail."

"It'll be fine," she tried to assure him. "Just please ... stay here. Keep safe." She leaned into him, nuzzled her head against his. Then she was gone.

As Addolgar sat there, already missing her, Caron walked by, heading toward the exit. She smiled at him.

"Don't worry, Mountain, we'll take good care of our cousin."

Addolgar growled. "Stop calling me that."

Chapter 17

Braith had just reached the chamber where she'd met her cousins only a few days ago when Heledd flew in. She was going so fast that when she tried to touch down, she hit the ground hard, and turned into a rolling ball of blue scales and black claws until she hit the far wall.

Braith ran to her side just as her other two cousins followed Heledd in. This time, the aunts caught them, preventing them from ending up like Heledd.

Helping her cousin up, Braith asked, "Are you all right?"

"They're right behind us." Heledd looked over at the rest of the kin. "We need to move."

"You all know what to do," Crystin said. "Now go." And Braith's kin did, charging out of the cave and into the open. "You," Crystin barked at Braith. "Stay by my side. I don't want to face The Mountain if something happens to you."

Heledd patted Braith's shoulder before heading back out. Braith did as she was ordered and went to her aunt's side. Together they moved toward the exit, but before they reached it, Lightnings dropped from the skies. There were so many, Braith didn't even bother to count, concerned that she would let the number make her feel defeated before she even began.

And without a word, the Lightnings charged, attacking Braith's kin inside and outside of the cave. They had no intent to harm; they wanted to bring the females in alive and relatively healthy. So they were trying to disarm, which was exactly what two Lightnings did to Braith.

She'd barely raised her hammer before it was ripped from her claws and tossed aside. Then the two males were on her, slamming her to the ground.

All she managed to hear was, "Get her wing!" before the panic set in.

He wanted to pace, but he didn't want to do it while hopping. He had no idea what was going on outside and he was completely and utterly not happy about it!

"Fuck it!" he finally muttered. "I'll just bloody hop."

But before Addolgar could move from his spot by the hall table, he scented what some would consider a thunderstorm. That scent of lightning in the air. But he knew there was no storm deep inside these cave walls.

Gods, he was definitely not at his best if he was forgetting the battle strategies of the Lightnings. Especially when it came to rounding up females. He'd always heard there was a lot of arguing about that strategy among the Lightnings. Most came head-on because they had a better chance of getting hold of the most hearty females. Those females not afraid to attack, although there was always the risk of mortally wounding them during battle. At the same time, other Lightnings would go in the back way, where they often found the ones too young to take, the old She-dragons-which could be ridiculously dangerous at those advanced ages, especially if they were the ones minding the hatchlings-and the weaker She-dragons too afraid to run. The weaker She-dragons were also the ones the Lightnings could make use of.

Addolgar knew that somewhere in this cave the Penardduns had hidden the hatchlings. He may not be able to help Braith, but he wouldn't let anything happen to her young cousins while the Lightnings were searching for other females. Turning, he started to hop over to his ax when a flash of purple flashed by him. But it was too late. He was already flying across the chamber and crashing into the opposite wall.

"Look what we have here, lads!" he heard a Lightning announce. "A lonely little Fire Breather!"

One Lightning was holding her down while the other pulled out his ax. "Flip her over!"

Not liking the sound of that one gods-damn bit, Braith got one forearm out from under her attacker, bent it, and brought it up. Her elbow collided with the Lightning's jaw, stunning him, but he still wouldn't loosen his hold. So she brought her elbow across his snout again. That knocked him out and she pushed his body off her. She tried to scramble away, to get her hammer, but a claw grabbed her by the ankle, dragging her back.

"Oh, no you don't," a male said. He didn't seem to care what she'd done to his comrade.

Braith tried to grab something she could hold on to, but her talons tore through nothing but dirt and stone.

She was yanked back to the Lightning and, desperate, she kicked out, hitting him in the chest. With an "oof!" he flew back several feet, and Braith tried again to get to her claws.

"Get that one!" someone yelled, and Braith knew they were talking about her.

Addolgar slid down the wall and landed on his ass. He could already hear his father telling him this was his fault because he wasn't paying attention! And knowing the old bastard was right, yet again, did nothing but piss Addolgar off.

An ax head slipped under Addolgar's chin and lifted. "Hello there, darlin'," the Lightning taunted. "Those females leave you in here to protect you from the big, bad Northlanders?"

"Poor thing," another one tossed in as the ten or so Lightnings laughed. "What should we do with him?"

"Make it quick, I think. Wouldn't be right to let him linger in shame."

A clawed foot was placed against Addolgar's shoulder to keep him sitting up and the dragon pulled his ax back, readying to swing and remove Addolgar's head. A part of his body he was quite attached to.

"Give us your name, darlin'," the Lightning told him, "so we can tell the females we take that you died with your head up."

"Name's Addolgar the Cheerful," Addolgar replied over the hearty laughter of the Lightnings.

"What a lovely name. It'll look good on your funeral pyre."

Then Addolgar added, "Of the Cadwaladr Clan."

The ax, in mid-swing, stopped and the laughter died. The moment lasted no more than two, maybe three, seconds, but that was all Addolgar needed. He grabbed the claw pressed against his shoulder and yanked the Lightning down and close, their snouts inches from each other.

"Nice to meet ya, daaaaarlin'," Addolgar shot back, mimicking the Lightning's accent. Then he snatched the ax from the Lightning's claw and rammed the blade into his neck. Blood spurted and Addolgar got up, bringing the Lightning with him. The ax had only gone in halfway, so the Lightning was still putting up a bit of a fight, but it was easy enough to hold on to him, which Addolgar did.

"Now, let's be clear, shall we?" He pulled the ax out of the dragon he held in his claws, and placed the blood-covered weapon on the ground beside him. "There's only one way this can go, darlin's," Addolgar teased. "You know it.... I know it."

And to prove it, Addolgar put his claws into the wound and proceeded to tear the screaming head of the Lightning the rest of the way off until he stopped screaming.

Addolgar dropped the body and held the head in one claw while he grabbed the weapon with the other.

"So, darlin's ... what's your pleasure?"

That's when they all charged Addolgar at once.

Braith scrambled a few feet away from the one who'd grabbed her leg and then dived the rest of the way to get her hammer.

She'd just wrapped her claws around the handle when her legs were grabbed again and she was dragged back. Once she stopped, Braith flipped onto her back and raised her hammer in time to block the sword trying to cut off her wing. She shoved, pushing the sword away from her, and rammed the head of her weapon into the Lightning's chest. He lurched back and looked down at what was now a concave pit where his ribs used to be.

He lifted his gaze to Braith and raised his claw. "Please-" he managed to squeak out, but Braith ignored his plea, running forward and bringing the hammer down on the Lightning's head. He dropped to his knees, his head flat, his neck compressed.

Panting, Braith sensed there were more Lightnings behind her and she spun around, now ready to fight. But it wasn't Lightnings; it was her three aunts, watching her while the cousins fought alongside their own daughters and nieces.

"Wait ..." Braith took a breath, tried to understand. "You didn't help me?"

"We wanted to see if you could help yourself," Crystin explained. "And you did. Nice one, niece."

"Nice ... ? Are you ... ? You ... you treacherous cows!"

"Where's the loyalty?"

"Shut up!"

"Oy!" a male voice called from outside the cavern. The sound of it was so disconcerting, all of Braith's kin and the Lightnings stopped fighting, and Braith and her aunts walked toward the cave opening.

An older Lightning who was missing the scales and skin on the left side of his face so it seemed like he was perpetually smiling, stood in front of the cave opening, his gaze hungrily examining Braith's kin.

"Southland females," he growled out, and that's when Braith realized he was also missing the scales and skin on the right side of his neck. The area was so damaged, his words seemed to be torn from his throat. "There is no need to fight us. To risk your lives. Come with us now of your own free will and we swear on our honor that we won't harm you. We'll take you to our land and treat you like the queens you are." His expression turned hard, even while it still looked like he smiled. "But fight us now-and your regret will be great."

"Take our wings, will you?" Owena asked him. "I thought you lot didn't do that anymore."

"We do what we must. Now come. Join us, so we can stop all this fighting. We'd hate to risk so much ... beauty."

Owena looked around at her kin. "What do you say, Penardduns? Do we give ourselves to these Lightnings? Or stand our ground?"

Funny. Braith was tired of giving herself to dragons she didn't respect, like her father and the Queen. But she was also tired of being proud and standing her ground like a good little She-dragon.

So she did neither. Instead she ran. Using rage, annoyance, and outright viciousness, Braith of the Darkness ran out of the cave and right toward the Lightning leader. He saw her coming and smiled until she raised Addolgar's hammer. The leader reared back, but Braith just kept coming. She couldn't stop herself and, to be honest, she wouldn't. This felt ... right. So very, very right.

As she neared the Lightning leader, Braith unleashed her wings and rose up in the air, bringing the hammer up and over with both front claws and then down until it collided with the Lightning leader's head. He let out a roar when the hammer hit him, but that's when Braith rammed her back claws into the Lightning's chest and forced him to the ground. She dug her talons past his scales and kept him pinned to the ground with the strength of her legs while she brought the hammer up and over, again and again and again, until she'd beaten the Lightning leader's already damaged head into a blood-and-bone pulp.

Covered in the Lightning's blood, she turned around and faced her kin.

Her aunts gawked at her, tears in their eyes, until Crystin said through barely held-back sobs, "Your mother ... would be so proud!"

"Then let's do this in my mother's honor," Braith suggested. "And kill ... all of them!"

Chapter 18

Braith liked Addolgar's hammer. She liked it a lot. It fit her somehow. Knives, swords ... no. All that slashing steel and shoving pointy ends into things did nothing for her. But battering that hammer onto a Lightning's head gave her a perverse pleasure. She got hit a few times. A couple of cuts. But nothing she couldn't handle.

At one point she stopped and took a look around. Her aunts were mostly delegating. Ordering their daughters on which Lightnings to kill and, sometimes, how. Heledd walked among the bodies, looking at each one. Braith didn't know what her cousin was looking for until she saw her gaze move back to the cave opening.

"What is it?" Braith asked her cousin.

"There's some missing."

There were so many, Braith wondered how she knew. If she truly knew. "Are you sure?"

"I'm sure."

From what Braith understood, the Lightnings would have no interest in the hatchlings, even the female ones. They at least respected that particular boundary. But they were probably more than happy to come around and attack from behind ... and yet they hadn't.

"Addolgar," she said, looking to Crystin. "Addolgar!"

Braith raced past her kin and back into the cave. She heard Crystin behind her, yelling at her daughters and Owena to follow. Braith didn't wait for them. She couldn't.

She charged down passage after passage, trying not to think too much about poor, defenseless Addolgar. She never should have left him. She never should have deserted him!

She finally hit the passage that would lead her to the main chamber, and ran full out around that last corner-where she stumbled to an awkward stop, her kin running into the back of her and nearly knocking her on her face.

Together, they stood and stared, watching Addolgar-on one leg only-swing his ax down, taking the head off some Lightning. Then using his wings to move, he spun, and swung his ax again, cutting into the side of another Lightning. He tore the blade out, swung again, this time into the Lightning's neck. Another Lightning came up behind him, but Addolgar threw his wings out, knocking his enemy into the wall. He turned, brought the ax up, tearing the stunned Lightning open from groin to belly. Addolgar yanked the blade out, and the Lightning's intestines fell to the floor in a nasty pile.

That left only one Lightning. A rather young one by the looks of him. Addolgar faced him, hopped toward him on his good leg. He took his blood-covered ax and pressed the blunt head against the youngster's throat. He pushed until the Lightning was backed up against a wall.

"Cadwaladr trash," the youngster hissed, trying to hide the fact he was terrified.

"Go home, Lightning," Addolgar told him. "Go home and tell them what happened here today. They'll not only face the Penardduns if they are ever stupid enough to come back here, but they'll also face Cadwaladr trash. Now leave my sight, boy, before I get testy."

The Lightning slid against the wall, moving away from that ax head. Once he was far enough away, he turned, and ran out the way Braith assumed those Lightnings had all come in.

Owena sat back on her haunches, crossed her forearms over her chest and said, "You shouldn't be playing around on that bad leg, Mountain."

Addolgar's back tensed at Owena's words. "I'm not playing around on my leg, and stop calling me Mountain!"

Addolgar turned around, ready to tell Owena what she could do with her bloody nicknames when he saw Braith. She looked ... happy. As happy as he'd ever seen her.

He grinned and announced, "Look at you, Braith of the Darkness, all covered in Lightning blood! My father would be so proud!"

"Thank you." Braith held up his hammer. "Can I keep this?"

"Absolutely," he said, hopping over to her. "You'll need it." He reached her and pulled her against his body, hugging her tight. He let out a breath at having her safe with him again. Even better ... she hugged him back.

"I was so worried," she told him, "when Heledd told us we hadn't gotten all of them. I realized they must have come in through another way."

"Lightnings like the sneak attack. Too bad for them, I love killing Lightnings, so it all worked in my favor."

"Good job, Mountain," Crystin praised. "Your father would be proud of you, too, I think."

"And I thought you knew my father."

Braith leaned her head back and looked up at Addolgar. "Wait, why do I need your hammer?"

"It's your hammer now. At least until we have one made for you. And you'll need it for when we go after your bastard father."

Braith broke out in another smile that warmed Addolgar's heart. She was whole now, wasn't she? Truly whole.

Crystin stepped up to them, placed her claw on Braith's shoulder. "We'll clean up this gods-damn mess, take care of the hatchlings, and head out tomorrow morning to find Emyr."

Braith studied her aunt. "You don't have to, Aunt Crystin. This is my fight."

"You're a Daughter of the House of Penarddun, Braith, which makes this our fight."

"Plus," Owena casually tossed in, "your bastard father's pissed us off for the last gods-damn time."

There was agreement from Braith's other aunts and cousins.

"He sent Lightnings after us like we're some bloody cattle to be auctioned off," Caron growled.

"Which is bad enough," Ffraid added. "But he also sent them after his own daughter. If my Da was here right now, he'd be losing his mind."

"Let's not involve your fathers," Owena said. "You know how they are when they get cranky."

"And they'll just blame us," Aledwen muttered.

"Besides, they're encamped closer to Dark Plains than they are the Outer Plains so it'll take them days to get here. And, to be honest"-Crystin studied her blood-and-brain-covered sword-"I am so very ready to end your father, Braith of the Darkness."

Braith looked at Addolgar, then her aunts and cousins. "Then that's what we'll do."

Chapter 19

Three days later, his wounded leg strong again, Addolgar stepped up behind Lady Katarina. She was still very pretty, but she was no match for his Braith.

"My lady?"

She didn't turn around, her focus on the field of flowers she stood in. "I really thought they'd leave you be if I made it look like I'd killed you. I had no idea they'd want to make sure you were dead."

"I'm a Cadwaladr, my lady. One would be foolish not to ensure a Cadwaladr is dead. We have a way of coming back again and again until we are."

"Well, I'm glad Lady Braith was there. I could tell by the way she looked at you during our trip that she'd make sure you survived."

"She did."

Katarina slowly faced him. She studied him for a long moment before she nodded her head in approval. "I see."

"I'm sure you do."

"Sergeant Addolgar ... understand, my goal wasn't to betray the Queen. Or my kind."

"Then what are you doing, my lady?"

She sat back on her haunches, clutched her claws together. "What can I say? I fell in love."

Addolgar couldn't help but feel vaguely disgusted. "With Elder Emyr?"

Her eyes widened. "Oh, gods, no! No, no, no. Not Emyr. Herleif."

"Herleif?"

"Of the ... uh ..." She cleared her throat. "Torbjorn Horde."

"A Lightning?" Addolgar struggled to control his rarely seen anger. "You betrayed us all for a Lightning?"

"I betrayed no one, Sergeant. I swear that on the souls of my ancestors."

"But you sent them to raid the Penardduns' cave."

"That was not Herleif's Horde." She closed her eyes, brought the tips of her talons to her temples, and rubbed. "I was a fool, Addolgar."

"For trusting Emyr?"

"Aye." She opened her eyes, dropped her claws to her sides. "The deal was simple. Soldiers that were loyal to Emyr and his sons would escort me safely through the Northlands and into Torbjorn territory."

"In exchange for what?"

"Herleif's troops given to Emyr for him to command against the Queen."

"How is that not betrayal, m'lady?" When Katarina looked away, Addolgar guessed, "They were going to kill Emyr and his sons instead."

"I knew he was not someone the Queen would miss."

"Oh, well then ..."

"I know you don't understand this, Addolgar. You're a Cadwaladr."

Perhaps 'twas true. Perhaps the Cadwaladrs would never plan such a thing because they weren't royal enough to justify such shitty behavior. Yet he could also say with absolute certainty that the honor-bound Braith and her Penarddun kin would never do such a thing either. And their blood was as royal as Katarina's.

"But it turned out," she went on, unaware that Addolgar saw her much differently now, "Emyr already had plans of his own in place. He was going to hand me over to Olgeir and his Horde and, in return ..." She swallowed, continued on, "In return, they were going to march around to the borderlands between the Southlands and the Western Mountains."

Addolgar blinked in surprise. "They were going to strike your father."

"Aye. And then attack the Queen's troops from her weakest point."

"Olgeir's smarter than I gave him credit for," Addolgar grudgingly admitted.

"I couldn't let that happen," she said fiercely. "Not to my father. I know he'd never allow me to mate a Northlander, but he's still my father. I still love him."

Whatever. His sisters would never let anyone-not their father, not even the Queen-get between them and the males they loved. But they, like Braith, had a little something called integrity and backbone. "The troops that attacked Braith's kin?"

"A small local Horde whose territory Emyr had permission to travel through. But that's when I knew something was very wrong. The Henriksson Horde is an enemy of Herleif's people and loathe Southland dragons. They never would have allowed us to travel through their territory unchallenged. But they allowed us to travel through for Olgeir. When I realized that ... well, one night I went off to relieve myself, shifted to human, and snuck back. That's when I heard Emyr's plan." She frowned and noted, "Emyr had to repeat that plan several times to his sons. They were quite stupid."

Addolgar thought on that comment a moment. "Were?" Then he gawked at the royal. "Lady Katarina ... what have you done?"

She gave a very small and dainty shrug. "What I had to."

"Oy. Mountain."

Annoyed by that nickname, Addolgar glared over his shoulder. Owena stood behind him and gave a short jerk of her head, as always ignoring his glare.

"Stay here a moment," he told Katarina before he went off after Owena. He followed the She-dragon until he reached a clearing. Braith and the rest of her kin stood waiting. Waiting and staring. He walked past them, not stopping until he reached Elder Emyr. The dragon sat slumped in front of the pit fire, remnants of drool and vomit dried on his chest scales, one of his eyes picked out by the crows that had planted themselves on all the bodies.

"She poisoned them all," Owena said low, as if afraid to wake the dead. "All of them."

Addolgar immediately turned and walked over to Braith. No matter how she might have felt about the dragon, Emyr had still been her father. He took her claw and led her a bit away from her kin and the rotting smell of death.

"Are you all right?" he asked when they stopped.

"It's not exactly what I expected. Not like this." She suddenly looked up. "Is Katarina still alive?"

"She is. I found her in a clearing."

"What happened?"

"She's in love. With a Lightning from the Torbjorn Horde."

Braith's eyes widened at that. "A royal of stature willingly going to a Lightning? That's something Addiena will never tolerate."

"I know. Katarina knew it, too."

"Why did she kill them?"

"For several reasons, it seems, but apparently I'm not royal enough to truly understand her logic."

Braith smirked. "My father double-crossed her, didn't he?"

"Exactly. And she reacted accordingly."

"Huh. Well, my father always underestimated females," Braith murmured, glancing over at the bodies again.

Addolgar squeezed her claws with his own and she looked away from the corpses.

"What do you want to do?" he asked her.

"About Katarina?"

"Aye. Do you want to take her back to the Queen?"

Braith thought on that a moment. Then she asked, "Do you believe her? About the Lightning she says she's in love with?"

"I do. And, in case you're wondering, the Horde that Emyr sent to your kin's cave was the Henriksson, not the Torbjorns. They had nothing to do with the raid, if it helps any."

"It does since we did kill all those males. I'm sure there are more left behind, but that Horde was probably gutted."

"Why does it matter?"

"If we let her go, we need a commitment that the Torbjorns will not try to cross the borders again to attack."

"They won't. They weren't planning to. Kill your father and brothers, though ... that did seem to be on the agenda."

"So many wanted that dragon dead," she sighed out. "And yet, I feel nothing for his loss from this world." Braith briefly closed her eyes, then said, "Let her go. If for no other reason, she did help to save your life."

Addolgar smiled. "I guess we do owe her for that."

"Then it's decided. We let her go and tell the Queen Katarina had already escaped and we couldn't safely go farther into Northland territory. We'll also take my father and brothers back to the Queen. See if their bodies appease her at all."

"Are you comfortable with that?"

"Addolgar, this needs to end. For you. For your kin. For my kin."

"What are we doing?" Crystin asked from behind them.

Braith stepped around Addolgar. "We're taking my father and brothers back to the Queen."

"They're already dead," Crystin complained.

"I am aware of that, Aunt Crystin."

"So we've got to carry these bodies back all the way to Devenallt Mountain?"

"Addolgar and I need to get my father's remains back to Devenallt Mountain."

"You don't think we're coming with you?" Crystin snapped, suddenly appearing quite annoyed. "Do you really think we'd let you meet that Red bitch on your own?"

"Auntie Crystin-"

"Shut up. You ramble like your mother sometimes."

Braith looked up at him. "I ramble?"

"Not compared to my people," Addolgar admitted.

Crystin faced her sisters. "We need to get these three idiots back to Devenallt Mountain without breaking our backs in the process. Any suggestions?"

"Aye," Owena said. "I've got one." She held out her claw to Addolgar. "Give us your ax, yeah?"

Addolgar took a step back. "Owena ... no."

"Just give us your ax. We'll take care of the rest."

Disgusted, but not seeing much option, he looked at Braith. "And are you all right with that?"

His She-dragon shrugged her shoulders and replied, "Eh."

Addolgar decided to take that as a yes.

Braith winced as Crystin tossed the bags holding the heads of her father and two brothers at the foot of Addiena's throne.

The Queen glared down at the remains for a long moment before she focused that glare on Crystin. "Really?"

"As requested, Your Majesty. The traitor Elder Emyr and his sons."

"I wanted them alive ... and would you two stop that!" Addiena suddenly bellowed.

They all turned and watched Bercelak and Ghleanna pull apart. Blood dripped from Bercelak's snout, and one side of Ghleanna's jaw was swollen. It seemed that the siblings had been fighting since Braith and Addolgar had left, much to the Queen's annoyance-and Braith's perverse sense of justice. Perhaps Addiena would now be less inclined to take so many hostages after this.

Bercelak pointed a damning black talon at his sister. "She started it, Your Majesty."

"I started it?" Ghleanna screeched. "You're such a big baby!"

"Your Majesty!"

"That is enough!" Addiena roared. She pointed her claw at Ghleanna. "Over there!" she ordered the She-dragon, motioning across her hall.

"But, Your Majesty-"

"Ghleanna! Move!"

With a nasty snarl at her brother, Ghleanna stomped across the hall.

Addiena let out a very long and pain-filled breath.

After she seemed a tad calmer, she focused back on Braith, her kin, and Addolgar.

"Now where was I?" she asked.

"You said you wanted them alive," Brigida the Foul answered for Braith and the others as she slowly made her way across the hall. "But truth be told, Your Majesty, you actually agreed to dead or alive. And the Penardduns went with dead."

Addiena glowered at Brigida, but she couldn't argue something that everyone who'd been in the throne room that day had heard. Especially in front of the other Elders, who were watching Addiena closely to see how she handled this. Many of them had offspring of their own, and unlike Braith's father, they did not want to think that their actions could affect their children the way Emyr's had been impacting Braith.

Tapping one talon against her stone throne, the Queen eyed the group standing before her. Finally, she demanded, "And what of Lady Katarina? Her father is most worried about her."

"The-" Braith began, but Brigida, who now stood beside her, cut in quickly.

"Tragically, Your Majesty, she was taken. By the Lightnings," Brigida added with a sneer.

"The Lightnings? They took her? Are you saying she was used as a bargaining chip by Emyr?"

Brigida blinked and glanced at the Penardduns.

"Ripped from us, she was," Owena elaborated. "It was so sad, watching those bastards fly off with her. But we were too late to get her back."

"And who," Addiena demanded, her eyes narrowing dangerously, "took her?"

Brigida, holding on to her walking stick, leaned in and announced, "Olgeir, Your Majesty. Dragonlord of the Olgeirsson Horde."

Shocked, because Braith had no idea why the name of that bloody Horde was being used at this moment, Braith glanced at Addolgar. But he gave a very tiny shake of his head and they both kept silent.

The Queen's front claws dug into the stone of her throne. "First," she growled, "they take Davon the Gold. Then they have the gall to take Katarina the Gold as well?"

The Queen looked down, her claws still digging into her throne. She stayed like that for a long bit, but then, suddenly, she raised those blue eyes until she was looking right at Braith. And, in that moment, Braith understood. She understood that the Queen knew they were all lying. She knew it, and she didn't care. Because she was going to use this to her benefit.

With a blink, the Queen assumed her most put-upon expression as she looked over her court.

"This cannot be borne," she told them in her most queenly voice. "They cross borders to steal what is ours. And that is not something that we can tolerate. That we will tolerate." She briefly scanned the chamber until her eyes locked on Bercelak. "Captain Bercelak," she said, "you will lead my troops into the north and give the Olgeirsson Horde a taste of the Southland's wrath."

Bercelak nodded. "It will be my pleasure, Your Majesty."

"Your Majesty," one of the Elders interrupted, "you said it yourself, if we attack the Lightnings on their own territory, they will consider it an act of war."

"And what are we to consider their attacks on us? On our She-dragons? No, no," she said, raising her claw, the talons with bits of stone still clinging to them. "The time is perfect." She looked at Braith again, blue eyes so very cold. "Isn't it ... Lady Braith?"

Braith knew what the cow was doing. Understood it quite clearly.

Now, with Emyr dead, Braith knew this would be the last concession she ever made. But she would have to make it. If she wanted to live.

"It is, Your Majesty. It is the right time to strike. To stop whatever my father may have put into motion."

The Queen relaxed back into her throne. She gestured to the heads on her floor. "Get that trash from my sight. And, Captain Bercelak, we will meet in one hour to discuss how we'll be moving forward. So have your battle plans ready."

"I always do, Your Majesty."

The Queen focused on Braith.

"Welcome home, Lady Braith, and"-the Queen smiled at this last bit-"good job."

Chapter 20

They landed on the top of Devenallt Mountain, which was now covered with even more Cadwaladrs than Braith had even realized there were in the world, much less in close range of Devenallt.

Pissed, Braith faced Brigida the Foul and her aunts. "What the holy hells was all that?" she demanded.

"What do you think that was?" Crystin asked. "Us covering your ass."

"And doing a damn fine job of it, if you ask me," Owena added.

"I didn't ask you. And what was all that centaur shit about the Olgeirsson Horde? Why are we bringing them into this?"

Crystin shrugged. "I have no idea."

Braith looked at the White Dragonwitch. "Brigida?"

"Why don't you mind your own and I'll mind my own."

"Why don't you tell me what's going on?"

"Her Majesty, lazy whore that she is-"

"Brigida!" one of the Cadwaladrs cried out.

"-would let the bloody Lightnings swarm this land if we let her. But we gave her a good solid reason to send some of our troops in there, which-once Bercelak does what he does best-will piss off the rest of the Hordes and we will finally make a stand with those purple-scaled bastards. Or," she went on, "would you rather just hand over our females to them now, Braith of the Darkness?"

"That wasn't an option either, but doing this ... what if Addiena finds out that we never even saw the Olgeirsson Horde?"

"And when do you expect that to happen?" Brigida asked, moving around her to an edge on the packed mountain where she could take off comfortably. "When Olgeir himself actually writes her a letter informing her of this? Because even if the big bastard could write, I don't think he would bother, which means you're safe."

"But-"

"Leave it be, Braith of the Darkness. This no longer has anything to do with you or that idiot father of yours." Brigida expanded her wings from her body. "Just be glad you get to live another day."

Brigida stepped off the mountain and her wings caught the air, sending her soaring off.

Braith closed her eyes and let out a breath. She had no idea how she'd lost control of this.

"It'll be all right," Addolgar told her, his claw brushing down her shoulder.

"I hope you're right."

"Hey, Mountain!" Owena called out, and Braith quickly caught Addolgar's wrist before he could do something stupid. "We're hungry."

Now it was Addolgar's time to close his eyes and let out a breath. "Of course," he finally said. "Mum already knows you're coming."

As a ridiculously large group, they flew to the area just outside the gates of Ailean's castle. There, the Cadwaladrs and the Penardduns landed, shifted to human, and put on clothes. The Cadwaladrs, although no longer needing to protect Braith or Ghleanna, had not returned to their own caves or castles because they all wanted to get their chance to hunt and kill Lightnings in the north. So until Bercelak decided which of the Queen's troops would be coming with him, the Cadwaladrs would be making good use of Ailean's territory.

The Penardduns, however, had a longer trip back home and invited themselves to stay at the castle for the night. Something Addolgar knew his father wouldn't mind ... but Addolgar couldn't speak for his mother. She just thought they were coming for dinner.

They entered the courtyard and found his mother and father waiting for them on the steps.

Shalin grinned and clapped her hands together when she saw her offspring come through the gates. They always felt her love without her ever saying a word.

Their father, though, was always more ... chatty.

"We're so glad you all have your heads!" he announced ... loudly.

Addolgar stopped at the bottom of the stairs, gazed up at his father. "Gee ... thanks, Da."

"Well, what do you want me to say?"

Braith's aunts pushed past Addolgar and Ghleanna so that they could leer up the stairs at Ailean.

"Ailean," Crystin called out. "Long time, old friend."

"Crystin. Owena. Aledwen. Good to see all of you again. As always, the Penarddun She-dragons look beautiful."

Braith's aunts grinned widely at the compliment-Owena may have even giggled-while Ailean's mate and offspring rolled their eyes. Especially Ghleanna, who appeared the most appalled.

"Well," Crystin said, "we'll be staying here at least the night so I hope you'll have time for dinner and a little chat about old ..."

Crystin's words faded away as three male dragons in human form walked out of the Main Hall doors. Addolgar didn't recognize them, but Caron ran up the stairs and threw herself into one of the dragons' arms.

"Daddy!"

Crystin crossed her arms over her chest and gawked up the stairs at her mate. "What the hells are you lot doing here?"

"Oh," Shalin said, smiling, "when I heard from Addolgar that all of you were safe and coming back to the Southlands together, I sent out messengers to retrieve your mates since I knew they were part of the troops camped not too far from here. Isn't that fortuitous?"

"Aye," Crystin muttered. "So very fortuitous."

The three males glowered down the stairs at their mates and one of them demanded, "What idiocy did you idiotic lot get me lovely daughters into this time, ya daft cows?"

"Don't even start!" Aledwen barked back, stomping up the stairs to the Main Hall, her sisters stomping right behind her. The three couples bickered all the way into the castle, but the way the Penarddun offspring didn't seem to notice or care told Addolgar this was how things went among their parents.

Once the Penardduns had gone inside, Shalin opened her arms and Addolgar went up the stairs to hug her.

"I'm so glad you're all right." She pulled back. "How's your leg?"

When the Lightning had rammed that spear into his leg, Addolgar had done his best to block what was happening from his kin. But his mother always knew. Always.

"It's fine, Mum."

"Did you cry like a baby when that Lightning speared you?"

Addolgar scowled at his father. "No. I did not."

"But you weren't paying attention, were you, boy?" When Addolgar didn't reply, Ailean threw up his hands. "How many times must I remind you lot to pay attention? Do you think I've been training you since hatching just for my bloody health?"

Shalin pulled away from Addolgar and placed her small hands on Ailean's arm. "My love, why don't you go check on our guests? I'm sure Crystin would just love to relive old memories."

"Fine. You talk to the boy then."

Once his father had gone back inside, Addolgar said, "I'm leaving."

But he hadn't even managed to turn all the way around so he could walk down the stairs before his mother grabbed him by the hair and held on tight.

"Mum!"

"You're not going anywhere. You and your brothers know how your father is. You know why he does what he does. So why must we go through this over and over again?"

"But-"

"He loves you, Addolgar. He loves all of you. In his own ... Ailean-like way. He would do anything for you. Never forget that. So do not be a prat and simply remember that I love you more than the suns."

Knowing there was no point in arguing with the female he loved so much, Addolgar just sighed out, "Thanks, Mum."

She released his hair, turned him around again so he faced her, and patted his cheek. "You're welcome, dear."

Braith, feeling uncomfortable just standing there behind Addolgar while he bickered with his parents, walked off, leaving them to it.

She wandered into one of the horse stalls. At first, she thought maybe these were horses for eating, but then she saw all the saddles and realized that these were horses for riding. Braith walked up to a stall with a large black stallion, resting her arms on the wood gate. It was so strange, wasn't it? Dragons riding horses to get around even though dragons had wings. But the Cadwaladrs were ... unique.

"Sorry about that."

Braith looked over her shoulder at Ghleanna. "About what?"

"My brother and father."

She shrugged and focused on the horse in front of her. "Doesn't bother me. Besides ... my father's head just got tossed off Devenallt Mountain-it's not like I have any room to judge how other families get along."

Ghleanna winced. "Sorry about that, too."

"It could have been my head." Braith let out a breath. "Ghleanna ... ?"

"Mmmhm?"

"I'm worried."

"About?"

Braith let out another breath and admitted to Addolgar's sister, "Olgeirsson did not take Lady Katarina."

"Oh, I know." She waved all that away. "Addolgar already told me."

"Wait. You know?"

"Of course I know. My brothers hide nothing from me when it comes to our enemies."

"And it doesn't bother you that we may be starting a war based on a lie?"

"What's the lie? Olgeir may have not taken Katarina, but he took Davon. She's just as important."

"I know she is, but ..."

"But ... what?"

"Well"-Braith frowned, the realization suddenly hitting her-"if Davon didn't matter ... why does Katarina? Because of her father?"

"Doubtful. It probably has more to do with the fact I reminded Addiena that with a war she wouldn't have to get approval from the Elders for a gods-damn thing."

Braith gawked at the She-dragon. "What in all the holy hells would make you tell her that for?"

"Brigida ordered me to." Ghleanna shrugged. "And I don't want to be a lizard. She can turn anyone into a lizard."

"I understand not wanting to be a lizard, Ghleanna, but still-"

"Look, a good war cleans out the weak." She tapped Braith's chest. "You should come with us to battle. I heard what you did to those Lightnings."

"Your brother says I have a way with hammers."

"You should talk to our older brother Rhys then. His name is Rhys the Hammer. He only fights with hammers. He'd get you set up with a nice one." She pushed her short, black hair off her face. "You in love with my brother, Braith?"

"Rhys? I barely know him."

"Don't be a smart-ass, royal."

"Don't ask me personal questions, Low Born."

Ghleanna pointed a finger at Braith. "You better be in love with my brother."

"You're ordering me to love your brother?"

"I won't have his gods-damn heart broken because of you!"

Braith faced her. "Heart broken?" She straightened her back. "Over me?"

"Of course over you," Ghleanna barked, punctuating it by placing both hands against Braith's shoulders and shoving.

"Well, he never told me," Braith snapped and pushed back.

"Maybe you're just not paying attention, royal." Shove.

"And maybe you're just assuming, Low Born." Shove back.

Ghleanna stopped, sniffed the air. "Oh," she said, smiling, "my brother's coming this way. Maybe we'll just go ask-"

Braith didn't let her finish. She grabbed the She-dragon by her face and flung her toward the closed back doors of the horse stalls. Ghleanna's body rammed into and through the wooden doors, landing in the woods on the other side.

By the time Braith turned back around, Addolgar was walking into the stalls from the other open doors.

"There you are," he said. "Hungry? Food's on, but you'll have to move fast or miss out. The Cadwaladrs will descend on that table in a matter of minutes."

"All right."

Addolgar studied the damaged back doors. "What happened over there?"

"Got me."

Braith headed out, but as she crossed the courtyard, Addolgar caught up to her and took her hand into his.

"Addolgar?" she said as they neared the steps.

"Mhmm?"

Braith opened her mouth to tell him what she was feeling but quickly closed it again. She couldn't. Not without knowing how he really felt. She refused to make a fool of herself.

"What is it?" he pushed.

"My aunts," she decided to tell him, "want me to come back with them. For a little while. Get to know them and the cousins a bit."

"Good," he said. He smiled, his hand briefly squeezing hers. "It's become painfully obvious to me what you've been missing all these years is being with your Penarddun kin. You belong with them."

"I do." They reached the stairs, and Braith took the opportunity to pull her hand away. "And what about you?"

"Probably with Bercelak to fight the Lightnings. The three of us-me, Bercelak, and Ghleanna-fight well together."

"Excellent." She patted his shoulder before turning and walking up the stairs. As Braith entered the Main Hall, a cheer went up from her kin. Most likely because someone had broken out the ale.

"There she is!" Crystin announced, now comfortably situated on her mate's lap. "Ailean, you should have seen our girl. Fights just like her mum. Full of ruthless rage and uncontrollable brutality."

"Would have brought a tear to my eye ... if I hadn't been bleeding from it at the time," Aledwen tossed in.

"Oh, look," Owena stated, waving toward the door. "It's The Mountain!"

Addolgar let out a sigh and, cringing, Braith looked up at him and mouthed, Sorry.

"He'll be coming with us tomorrow, too, Shalin," Crystin said to Addolgar's mother. "But don't worry. We'll take care of him like he's one of our own."

"Hopefully not like one of your own sons," Shalin muttered.

"It's not like we kill the males at hatching, so I don't know why you're complaining," Owena snapped.

"And we know they're around somewhere," Crystin explained. "I'm sure our sons are fine ... wherever they are."

"Don't worry," Crystin's mate explained, his big hand around a pint of ale. "There's always a male around to train them since the females have no interest."

Braith stepped up to the table and explained to her kin, "Actually, Addolgar's not coming with us. He's going with Bercelak into the Northlands."

Addolgar pulled out a chair and sat down. Braith began to do the same, but Addolgar's arm went around her waist and he pulled her onto his lap.

"It'll take a few weeks for Bercelak to get all the troops and supplies he'll need together," he told her. "Until then, I'll be with you."

"Oh. All right then."

This wasn't what Braith had expected. She'd wanted a clean ending. Not this lingering thing where she would only manage to get more and more attached until she wouldn't ever be able to let him go.

Unsure what to do, Braith did what she always did. She sort of folded in on herself. It was how she'd always handled her father when ... well, whenever he was around. Pretending nothing bothered her was something Braith had always been good at, and she put those years of practice to excellent use now. But as she looked around the table of amiably chatting dragons, she noticed that Addolgar's mother was staring at her.

When she saw that Braith was looking her way, the She-dragon raised her brows. Braith frowned, confused. Shalin raised her brows again and then gestured to Addolgar with a tilt of her head. Still unclear what she was trying to tell her, Braith gave a small shake of her head.

That's when Shalin the Innocent, Tamer of Ailean the Slag, slammed her hands down on the table and barked, "Gods-dammit, Braith, say what you're actually thinking!"

The only time Addolgar could remember hearing his mother yell was when she'd discovered Ghleanna and Addolgar holding a screaming and crying Bercelak over a small but active volcano they'd discovered deep in her cave.

"What the bloody hells is wrong with you two?" she'd bellowed at them while holding a sobbing and recently hatched Bercelak to her chest.

This time, however, she didn't sound mad as much as frustrated.

"Mum," he lightly chastised.

"She's not saying what she's thinking, Addolgar." Shalin wagged a finger at Braith. "Your father's gone now, so there's absolutely no reason to keep what you're feeling to yourself. I can assure you from what I remember of your aunts ... they won't."

Crystin nodded. "She's right."

"So you might as well start with my Addolgar," Shalin pushed.

Addolgar studied the She-dragon in his lap. "Braith?"

Braith turned on his lap so she could more easily look at him and announced, "I don't know what the hells we're doing!" Okay, that was much more a bellow, wasn't it?

"Well," Addolgar explained calmly, "um, I thought we'd stay here for the night. Go back with your aunts and I'd stay there until Bercelak calls me to battle. And before I go, I'd Claim you as my own and then your aunts would train you in weapons combat. Which, when you think about it, is the perfect time, because there will be Lightnings trying to make their way over the Outer Plains' border into the Southlands, thinking those borders are undefended. You'll get some excellent training slaughtering that lot."

"He's right," Crystin agreed while reaching over and taking one of the ribs from the platter a servant had just placed on the table. "Nothing better than those fools swarming the border only to face the Daughters of the House of Penarddun. Bloody good training for my girls. Bloody good." Then she cleaned that rib of meat and marrow in seconds.

"So that's the plan," Addolgar told Braith. "Unless you want to do something else."

Braith stared at him, her mouth open. "What?" he asked her. "What's that look for?"

She looked over at his mother, and all Shalin could do was shake her head and say, "I know, dear. But you learn to love them despite it all."

Confused, Addolgar began, "I don't under-"

But before he could get his sentence out, Braith jumped off his lap, placed her travel bag over her shoulder, grabbed the neck of his chain-mail shirt, and yanked him out of the chair. Then, with a strength everyone in the universe should fear, she dragged him out of the dining hall, up the stairs, and to his room. She pushed him inside and slammed the door shut.

"Sit," she ordered, tossing her travel bag near the bed.

"Yeah, but-"

"Sit!"

Addolgar sat on the bed.

Braith walked up to him and asked, "You want to Claim me?"

"Of course I do." Addolgar thought a moment and then, his heart dropping, he asked, "You don't want me to? You don't love me?"

"I didn't say that."

"So you do love me?"

"I didn't say that either."

"Well, which is it, female?"

"Don't bark at me!"

"Well, don't play with my heart!"

"I'm not-"

Braith stopped, closed her eyes, took a breath.

After a few seconds, she said, her voice low, "I love you, Addolgar. And I can't imagine anything I want more than being Claimed by you."

Addolgar grinned. "See?"

"See?" Braith barked, glowering. "What should I see?"

"That we're perfect together. How can you not see that?"

"You're trying to drive me insane, aren't you, Addolgar?"

"I don't think so." He thought a moment. "No. I'm pretty sure I'm not."

Gods, what was she getting herself into with this dragon? Because he was big and ridiculous and some days just plain ... goofy. But he was perfect for her, wasn't he?

Addolgar suddenly grabbed Braith around the waist and again pulled her onto his lap.

"I'm so in love with you, Braith," he told her, and she felt in her bones that he meant every word. "And do you know why?"

"I have no idea," she replied honestly.

"Because I am such an amazing dragon that I know I richly deserve a She-dragon as wonderful as you. See?" he asked, grinning at her. "How could I not love you when you're so clearly made for me?"

Aye, the big bastard would always be a handful. That she knew, too. But she didn't care. Because like his mother had said, Braith would love him despite all the rest of it.

"You know I'm right, don't you?" Addolgar guessed, winking at her and grinning. "I'm amazing. You're amazing. And we'll have amazing offspring. Strong and smart like their mum and able to take a good, solid head-butt like their da."

Braith ran her hands through her hair. "We're already having offspring?"

"Not right away. First you need to get proper battle training."

"And why do you think that's necessary?"

"Because you really enjoyed fighting those Lightnings, and you were really good at it. You can't waste skill like yours, Braith. Plus, to be honest, you do have a warrior's name. Braith of the Darkness. That's a warrior's name and you can't waste a good warrior's name."

"I guess I didn't understand the rules."

"But now you know."

Braith pushed Addolgar's arms aside so that she could turn around and get back on his lap, her legs around his waist, her arms around his neck.

"I do love you, Addolgar," she told him, loving how the words made his grin grow even wider. "More and more each day. It wasn't just my kin I was missing in my life, but you. One without the other would break my heart, and I thought my heart was dead a long time ago."

"Not dead, Braith." Addolgar pushed her hair off her shoulders. "Just hibernating. Like a bear."

She laughed and kissed Addolgar, the warmth of his mouth making her feel safe and loved. His hands clutched the back of her shirt as he deepened their kiss, his tongue exploring her mouth, reminding her why she enjoyed being human around Addolgar.

When the kiss ended, they were panting, Addolgar resting his forehead against hers.

"It will not be easy to leave you for the cold of the Northlands, luv."

"But think of it this way ... while you're away, you won't have to hear my aunts call you The Mountain."

Addolgar rolled his eyes. "Is there any way we can get them to stop doing that?"

"Of course not."

He rested his head on her shoulder. "I thought that's what you'd say......"

"No point in getting upset," Braith said, running her hands through his hair. "Especially since I brought something just for you in my travel bag."

Addolgar raised his head. "For me?"

"Uh-huh."

Glancing over, Addolgar saw the bag lying on the floor. He grabbed it and, with Braith still on his lap, he dug his hand inside.

His grin went from cheerful to leering as he pulled out her aunt's chains, cuffs, and collar.

Addolgar held them up. "And what are we going to do with all this, Braith of the Darkness?"

Pressing her hand against his chest, Braith shoved her mate flat against the bed, pinning him there, and snatched the chains from him. She grinned down into his suddenly panic-stricken face. "Guess."

Epilogue

During the Reign of Queen Rhiannon the White

Addolgar landed on the ground and immediately shifted to human. While he put clothes on, he tried not to listen to the complaining going on a few feet away from him.

He was a general in Her Majesty's army. A Cadwaladr. And an extremely proud father of seven Daughters of the House of Penarddun. Yet, Addolgar was being forced to listen to so much gods-damn complaining!

His eyes narrowed on the blue hair shining in the sunlight while the complaining went on and on.

For Addolgar was just one simple dragon. So it was unfair for anyone to think he could tolerate this. Or that he should tolerate this. He deserved much better for all he'd sacrificed over the years.

So, picking up his hammer, Addolgar walked up behind all that to-the-ground-length blue hair and raised his weapon. With his left eye beginning to twitch, he brought the hammer down.

But before it crashed into the head, silencing all that complaining, a strong hand caught his arm-and held it. Only one being he knew of, besides his brothers and Ghleanna, could do that.

He looked down into the smiling human face of his mate. Braith of the Darkness, Daughter of the House of Penarddun, and mother of thirteen offspring-seven perfect daughters, and six idiot sons-shook her head at him.

"I. Can't. Stand. It. Anymore," he told her, glaring at all that blue hair that did not belong to anyone from the House of Penarddun, but adorned the big, fat head of one of Addolgar's many nephews.

Briefly chewing her lip so she didn't laugh out loud, Braith called out, "How are you, dearest Eibhear?"

Sighing-dramatically-something his ridiculous princely nephew, the son of his brother Bercelak, had managed to make into a bloody art form in his short, less-than-a-century-old life-the idiot boy didn't even turn around before he started complaining more!

"I've had better days, Auntie Braith."

"I'm sure you have." She tugged on Addolgar's arm, raised her eyebrows. Lower it, she mouthed at him.

I don't want to.

Do it anyway.

With much regret-he'd never have a chance like that again-Addolgar lowered his weapon just as the idiot boy faced them.

"I thought you were staying in Dark Plains for a little longer," Braith prompted Eibhear. She looked over her shoulder at the boy, and the way her cotton shirt was cut, Addolgar could see part of the Claiming brand that he'd placed on her upper chest all those years ago. Addolgar wore Braith's Claiming mark with pride on his entire right leg, from ass to foot.

"I did, too," Eibhear continued to complain. "But apparently my father had other ideas."

"It was either that," Addolgar shot back at the boy, "or let Bercelak cut off your head like he planned!"

Eibhear, human and dressed in chain mail and the surcoat of some long-dead army, put his hands on his hips. "Why? Because I didn't agree with the old bastard?"

"You're a soldier!" Addolgar yelled. "You don't agree. You don't disagree. You follow orders!"

The boy raised his hands in the air. "Well ... I don't like following orders. How about that, Uncle?"

Addolgar went for the boy again, but Braith rammed her hand against his chest, stopping him before he got more than a few feet.

"Eibhear dear," Braith said, "why don't you go inside and see your cousins."

"I don't feel like seeing anybody," the idiot boy complained.

Now, it was one thing when Addolgar's demands weren't followed, but it was another when Braith's nicely put requests weren't.

Slowly, the She-dragon faced her nephew-by-mating. As always, she had two hammers secured to her back. One was once Addolgar's hammer. The other was one Addolgar had had made for her. She'd been fighting with those two weapons for centuries now, and dragon, human, and centaur feared her. Of course, Addolgar had been right ... the hammer was the perfect weapon for her. Unlike the current queen, Rhiannon, Braith was not sharp-tongued. She was blunt in word and deed, and blunt weapons were perfect for her. Lack of an edge never stopped her from killing enemies with an enthusiasm that even her own kin respected ... and feared.

"Nephew," she said, walking up to Eibhear. "Go inside and see your cousins."

"Was I not clear?" Eibhear snapped back. "I said I don't feel like it."

"Oh. I see."

Braith turned away from the idiot boy and with her eyes on Addolgar, she pulled out one of her hammers, hefted it between both hands, and spun, swinging the weapon.

The boy, to his credit, was quick, though; his time in his mother's army had enhanced his reflexes. He dropped low and the hammer zipped by, the head of it ramming into the ancient tree beside him-and tearing it out at the root. The tree tipped over and, with great noise, fell.

Horrified, Eibhear stared first at the fallen tree, then up at Braith from his still-crouched position.

"I said," Braith calmly repeated, "go inside and see your cousins."

"Yes, ma'am."

The idiot boy stood on shaky legs and stumbled quickly toward the Penarddun cave. Once he'd disappeared inside, Braith secured her weapon and again faced Addolgar.

After staring at each other for a long moment, they both burst out laughing.

"Gods, Addolgar-what the holy hells? What happened to my sweet Eibhear?"

"And if I have to hear that bloody question again from some besotted female ... I will end him!"

She returned to Addolgar's side. "What happened? I thought he was to stay in Dark Plains for the next two or three moons. At least. And I definitely didn't think he'd be going back to the Northlands with the Lightnings after what he did to that Northlander's cousin."

Refusing to think too much about the near-war the boy had almost started with their current Northland allies, Addolgar stepped close to his mate and said low, "I'm not taking him back to the Lightnings."

"Where are you taking him?"

Addolgar didn't answer right away, trying to think of the best way to say it.

"Addolgar?" Braith pushed.

Forget it. There was no best way to say it.

"I'm taking him into the Ice Lands."

Braith blinked, shocked. "What the battle-fuck for?"

"He's to become Mi-runach."

She gasped, hand clasping over her mouth. "Addolgar, no! No!"

Although the Mi-runach were rarely mentioned among the Southland dragons, everyone knew of them. They were nothing more than a brutal death squad made up of warriors who couldn't follow orders. Who were more a risk to their comrades than they were a help. And the training for those who joined the Mi-runach was brutal, heartless, just like the dragons who made up their ranks.

"We have no other option," Addolgar told his mate. "You see how he's acting."

"He's young. And obsessed with some human female with impossibly long legs. Give him time. He'll work through this."

"Not without some help." Not without the heartless training of the Mi-runach.

"Isn't that what kin is for, Addolgar? Leave him here with my aunts. They'll get him in line."

"Absolutely not. First off, this wasn't my decision or even just Bercelak's. It was Rhiannon's. She made this decision, so there'll be no going back. And secondly, I'll not have my daughters around that idiot boy's bad influence."

Braith's lips pursed and she rested a hand on her hip. "What about your sons?"

"What about them?"

"Don't they matter?"

"If they did, you would have warned me long before we had them," he said, as he'd been saying ever since his first son had been hatched.

"This again?" she demanded.

"You should have warned me!"

"What would it have changed?"

"Everything."

"Da!" one of Addolgar's sons yelled from behind him, making Addolgar cringe. "Hello, Da!"

Addolgar turned, faced his middle son. The boy was standing right behind him in human form, eating a big wheel of cheese, and yelling at him even though Addolgar was less than four feet away.

"Hello, son."

"You staying long, Da?"

"Not on this trip. But when I come back this way, I'll be staying for a bit."

"Good!" the boy continued to yell.

"Why are you yelling?"

"Was I?" he yelled.

The sound of something heavy hitting rock had Addolgar stepping around his middle son, but that just showed him the tragic sight of his two youngest sons taking turns running and ramming their heads into the side of their mountain home. Over and over again.

It's what Braith hadn't warned him about, even though Owena had apparently warned her. That although the males of the Penarddun line were big and strong and good, solid fighters, they were, to put it bluntly, painfully dumb. Not like their sisters at all.

"Cheese?" his middle son yelled, shoving the half-eaten wheel under Addolgar's defenseless nose.

"No."

Braith patted their son's arm. "Why don't you lot go inside? Eibhear's here, but only for the night."

"Eibhear's here?" the boy yelled. He faced his still-ramming-into-the-mountain brothers and yelled, "Oy! Eibhear's here!"

"Eibhear's here!" the other two cheered in unison. Then they charged toward the cave opening, but as they neared it, the youngest shoved his older brother so that he missed the opening and ran snout-first into the cave wall.

The boy flew back, landed, sat up, shook his big, blue head, and laughing, got to his claws. "Bastard!" he yelled before charging after his brother. Now the two would batter each other all the way inside until their great aunts and older female cousins told them to cut it out.

Grinning, his mouth filled with cheese, Addolgar's middle son ambled back into the cave.

"They could be worse," Braith reminded Addolgar.

"They could be?"

"They could be like Eibhear."

Addolgar remembered his brother's face when Bercelak had ordered his youngest son from his sight while Addolgar, Ghleanna, and Bercelak's second oldest son, Briec, worked hard to hold the dragon back from murdering his own flesh and blood.

"You're right," Addolgar finally agreed. "It could be worse."

Braith slipped her arms around Addolgar's waist, hugged him. "I'm glad you're here."

"So am I." He pulled her close, kissed her temple. "I wish I didn't have to go, but this needs to be done."

"And Bercelak chose the one dragon he could trust to make sure Eibhear gets to the Ice Lands safely. But you can't keep trying to kill that boy with your ax. It'll put a strain on family dinners."

"Only with Rhiannon, since she really loves the nasty bastard. And it wasn't me ax, it was me hammer."

Braith laughed. "Oh. Well then."

Addolgar hugged Braith again, resting his head on her shoulder. "Do you think the idiots-"

"Addolgar," she softly chastised.

"Fine. Do you think our sons will keep Eibhear here for the night? You know, keep him busy?"

"I do. They love Eibhear and they're such cheery bastards, they overlook almost everyone's rude behavior."

"Then let's go to town. Spend the night at that pub there."

Braith lifted his head from her shoulder, kissed him. Centuries and her kiss still made him as weak as one of her fists to the face.

Panting, they pressed their foreheads together and gazed at each other.

"Aye," Braith breathlessly agreed. "Let's go to the pub. You can have breakfast with the rest of our brats in the morning, before you leave."

She stepped back and took his hand. They were grinning at each other when Eibhear stepped out of the cave and yelled, "Do I really have to stay here talking to these dragons?"

Addolgar was marching over there to tell the idiot boy exactly what he had to do and how to do it, but Braith, still holding his hand, pulled him back as his two eldest daughters in their human forms came out of the cave and cut in front of the boy. They blocked him and his eldest daughter raised her arm and pointed her finger, motioning back inside the cave.

"I don't report to you," the idiot boy snarled at her.

That's when Addolgar's second oldest daughter stepped into her cousin and stared him in the eye. Not even an inch shorter than the very large Eibhear, she glared at him until three more of Addolgar's tall, powerfully built daughters came out as well ... and surrounded the idiot boy. Without a word, they overpowered their cousin without raising a weapon or issuing a threat. Their presence alone was a threat. Understanding that, the idiot boy snarled but turned around and went back into the cave.

His daughters faced Addolgar and Braith, waved, and said together, "Hi, Daddy."

"My beautiful daughters."

"We'll keep an eye on Eibhear tonight," his eldest offered with a smile that she had clearly inherited from her mother. "If you and Mum need some time alone."

Giggling, his daughters went back inside and Addolgar looked at his mate, grinned.

"I don't think I've ever seen you look prouder," Braith noted.

"Because I have perfect daughters, just like their mum, and ... sturdy, reliable sons."

She laughed. "Sturdy and reliable? If that's the best you can do for our sons."

"It is. But," he promised her, "I'm sure after several hours alone with me beautiful mate, I can come up with something much, much better."

Pulling him toward town, Braith teased, "Well, when you give me an offer like that, Addolgar the Cheerful, I don't see how any female with a passionate love of hammers can turn you down......"

