CHAPTER ONE

SEEING WHITE

In one years time Id lost a lot. My parents, an Ivy League scholarship, enrol ment at a state school I was al but failing out of, and"not to forget the big one"my life. That was a lot for a twenty year old to take, but in return Id been given Immortality, a family by al definitions of the word save for blood relation, friends that would as wil ingly lay down their lives for me as I would them, and a man named Wil iam Hayward.

The man who didnt only have my love, but my soul. A man I never believed was out there, a man who I never knew was meant for me once I did find him, and a man Id come to accept I deserved.

Wed fought with our lives to be together, nearly losing them on more than one occasion, but we knew death was a risk worth facing if thats what it took to make our wish come true"to spend an eternity together. Wed settle for nothing less and knew better than to expect anything more.

Our wish was one night from coming true.

Careful, Bryn! Cora hol ered at the far end of the white tent"although considering it was stadium-sized, tent seemed the wrong word. Unlike you, that bone china and Italian crystal are actual y breakable.

Im being as careful as Bryn-possible, I said, creeping up to the ladders top-rung, a string of Chinese lanterns and stubborn determination in hand. I dont know whose bright idea it was to set the tables before the lighting had been strung, I mumbled, stretching as far as my muscles would pul , raising up on my toes in order to thread the wire through the evasive hook, but someone is tempting fate.

That someone would be me, Abigail said, fussing over a floral centerpiece spil ing over with magnolias and orchids so white they were blinding.

And if Id known Cora would assign you a ladder and light-stringing detail, I would stil have the breakables off the premises and wrapped in a layer of bubble-wrap. Something of a smile pul ed up her mouth. A triple layer of bubble-wrap.

For someone whose humor Id assumed was as dry as the Serengeti, Abigail could hang with the best of them.

Bryns doing just fine, Cora assured, sounding like she was trying to convince herself.

Of course ..."I popped to my very tip toes, prima bal erina style" ... I am, I said, the strand of lanterns reaching their destination just in time for the former wobbling of the ladder to break out into seismic quaking that would have registered a ten on the Richter scale.

Steady, Bryn, Abigail lilted, rushing my direction.

Too late! Cora hol ered, coming at me from the other way. Shes going down!

I held on for another moment, but I was only delaying the inevitable. Fact of life: when a ladder and I went in hand to hand combat, the ladder would always win.

Sorry, Abigail! I yel ed, spil ing over the other side of the ladder, hoping the col ateral damage would be minimal, but knowing it wouldnt.

I was expecting to slam into table or china or crystal or grass-padded earth; the one thing I wasnt anticipating were a firm pair of hands.

Why, hel o there, his voice dropped an octave until it hit the desired level of overdone seduction. You didnt need to go to such extreme measures if you wanted to end up in my arms. Al you had to do was ask.

Youre mental, I said, blowing away the mess of hair covering my face. But thanks, I offered, finding myself positioned in Patricks purposeful y flexed arms. His gift of teleportation was as equal a blessing as it was a curse.

Youre a life saver, Patrick, Abigail said, circling the table Id nearly face-planted into.

I dont know about that, but I am a saver of al material things of a fragile state. He grinned, looking down at me. Including you.

The way he was staring into my eyes, so intently it was almost possessive, made me uncomfortable. I shifted my eyes and my body, trying to free myself from both embraces.

He released me, but only just enough so that my body slid ful form down his and now, as if things werent awkward enough, Patricks face was flushing. His face never flushed.

Eh, Patrick? I said, peering at Abigail and Cora who both looked as uneasy as I felt. You can let go of my h*ps now.

His grip loosened, but the intensity in his eyes didnt recede. In al of Patrick and my encounters, many had been of the close kind. Toppling, somersaulting, sparring, flat-out brawling our way through strength and talent training had positioned our bodies in more precarious positions than Wil iam would like to know about, but never, not a single exception, had I witnessed the emotion spil ing from Patricks eyes at present.

Il give you one more second to remove them of your own accord before I pry them off her hips, a good-natured voice emitted behind us, causing Patricks eyes and hands to fal in unison.

I spun around, in ful elation mode, leaping into another set of arms at the same time I threw my arms around his neck ... and I was al instinct from then on. You made it, I whispered, feeling a months worth of tension dissipate in a heartbeat.

Wil iams face pul ed back from our embrace, just enough so he could look me hard in the eyes. Oh god, Id missed those eyes. Did you real y think I wouldnt? his voice was light, but his expression wasnt. It was as serious as Id seen it. That Id miss the day where I was promised an eternity with you?

I was stil waiting to wake up from the dream. When Charles had made a promise that Id become a Hayward in exchange for Wil iam fulfil ing his chosen one cal ing, I wasnt sure whether fate had decided to fight fair or if it was just building me up so the fal would be that much harder.

The rumors had started the day after, the same day Wil iam had been sent off on a mission to such a remote location the satel ite phone had a tough time holding a connection (that should have been my first hint that fate was putting together a particularly nasty surprise). The rumors that Charles and the Council had no intention of granting a Betrothal or a Unity to Wil iam and me, but since they couldnt renege on their promise for fear of Wil iam reneging on his, I would be promised to a Hayward as Charles had so careful y put it that day in his office, but not the Hayward I wanted.

There was only one other Hayward and it was the one that had just had his fingers and stare fastened on me. When Id let my mind wander down that path, Patrick and me United ... wel , lets just say there wasnt enough time in the day to cringe, cry, or convulse. But I wasnt letting Charles, the Council, Patrick, or fear in general ruin anything more between Wil iam and me. I was marching forward with him, head high and hopes even higher.

No, of course I didnt think youd miss it, I said, sweeping my gaze over him, taking in as much of him as I could. But there are these little things known as circumstance, chance, and the Council that have gotten in the way before.

You have so little faith in me then? he whispered, his eyes fal ing to my lips right before his mouth did. His kiss was sweet, succulent, and ...

short. He eyed me, waiting for an answer

I have faith that goes beyond faith in you, I said, wetting my lips, waiting for more. He wasnt getting, or acting on, my suggestion. However, I have no faith when it comes to the three Cs previously mentioned.

He grinned, nothing but affection in it. I dont know how I make it weeks without you, he said, leaning his forehead into mine. Kiss me.

I dont think Id ever obeyed a demand with such speed or wil ingness. My lips melted against his, yielding to the movement of his. It had been next to a month since Id had those lips on mine and I was going to make sure I made up for as much lost time as I could.

It was the exaggerated clearing of a throat behind me that broke through the al encompassing fog Wil iam and I produced. I pul ed" pried" away from him, peering over my shoulder, already knowing who the throat-clearer was.

Another, Wil iam coaxed, nudging me with his forehead. When I didnt respond as I had on every other instance when hed made a similar request, he glared without severity at Patrick. Dont mind him. Hes just jealous.

More like nauseous. Patricks eyes rol ed to the sky. You might not have to partake in minion duties like Betrothal Bal set-up because youre master of the universe, but the rest of us are busy.

The trio of us girls jacked our eyebrows sky-high. Up until saving my fal from ten rungs up, Patrick had made it a point not to show his face since the last tent stake had been driven into the ground an hour before dawn this morning. Even Nathanial and Joseph had bailed after the Texas-sized tent had been set, excusing themselves to man-work out on the endless acres of the Hayward estate. We were girls, but not stupid ones and certainly knew our way around a working farm by now. Harvest was months done, and seeding didnt come for a few more. The only man-work being undertaken in the fields today was Betrothal Bal set-up evasion.

Yeah, wel I dont have the feminine eye it takes for these kinds of things, Wil iam threw back, situating my feet back on the floor. By the way, I love what youve done with the place. Its got Patrick written al over it, Wil iam teased, sweeping his gaze over the dAcor that was white, white, and white.

When Id asked Abigail why we were setting the place up like we were a bunch of anti-colorists, shed said this was the traditional way of doing a Betrothal Bal . White symbolized the color of purity and was therefore fitting for the occasion. However, this didnt quite equate with me. When I thought of my Betrothal to Wil iam, my thoughts were anything but pure.

At least Im confident enough in my manhood to let my feminine side make an appearance every decade or so, Patrick fired back, plucking an orchid from the centerpiece of the nearest table. If looks could kil , Immortal thing aside, Abigail would have obliterated Patrick where he stood.

Speaking of rugged male confidence, wheres your legion of indentured servants? Patrick flashed a wicked smile. I mean, personal body guards?

Outside. Wil iam nodded towards the entrance, looking chagrined, not that I could understand why. Once Wil iam had agreed to embrace al that was expected of him, the Council had slapped a mandated handful of security guards to him so fast you would have thought he was a Middle Eastern diplomat.

They went with him everywhere, everywhere- everywhere, so wherever he had in mind for us to catch-up tonight, I already knew theyd be militarily positioned around us. As inconvenient as several tight-lipped, iron-faced, security guards could be, if it meant he was shielded from John Townsend and his destruction-hungry Inheritors, I could deal with the audience to our intimate moments.

Although Id have no qualms about making threats of locking them alone in a coat closet with Patrick for a week straight if they wouldnt leave Wil iams side for our most intimate moment coming in the near future. Hopeful y.

I wanted to believe Wil iam had been assigned security because of the added risks facing him after everything wed encountered, but I didnt put it past the Council that part of their reasoning had been to ensure Wil iam was staying on track, not only in his missions, but in his quest to ... save the world, for lack of a better phrase.

Excuse me, sir? A familiar face, dressed in unfamiliar attire"a stiff black silk suit"stepped through the entrance. The Council is requesting your presence. Norberto smiled nervously, waving at al of us. Like five minutes ago.

Sir? Real y? Patrick said, pointing his hands at Wil iam as if in explanation. Are we real y back to square one with you, Norberto?

Wil iam exhaled, drawing me to him in such a way I knew it was one of those final kind of embraces. At least final as in a few hours. He kissed the top of my head as I groaned in exasperation. Im only playing by the rules because you were the pious one who didnt want to ruffle any feathers.

I seem to remember a shift in the piety last time we spent the night together, Mr. Hayward, I mumbled, curling my fingers into his dress shirt, inhaling him note for note.

Is that so? he whispered straight into my ear, goose-bumps and a tremble my only response. Il show you piety tonight.

And al my people said TMI! Patrick shouted, his face puckering. Im out of here before clothes start-a flyin and table tops get-a rockin.

The tables are off limits, Abigail warned, spreading her arms wide in warning.

Dont worry, Abigail, I said, trying not to laugh at the concern she was showing for her beloved tabletops. I can guarantee you with absolute confidence the only thing Wil iam wil be violating until were properly United is his living room sofa. I elbowed him in the chest, which only made me tight with want. How much longer would I have to wait until I had that chest against mine, nothing but heat, sweat, and desire separating our skin?

Imaginary cold shower, Wil iam whispered through gritted teeth. For the love of god, woman, try to control yourself.

Sorry, I whispered back, no apology in it. If I had to feel his pent-up physical frustration, he certainly had to experience mine. I couldnt say if this was the way it was with other people"being able to sense each others feelings, their emotions"but this was the way it was with Wil iam and me.

For the love of al that is holy, you two, Patrick said, shaking his head. Do you ever say anything without your hormones taking the lead?

Do you? I shot back, crossing my arms.

Patrick sneered back, knowing I had him. Only when I have to. He came towards us, patting the side of Wil iams arm as he weaved the orchid behind my ear. Something to remember me by since I know as soon as I walk out that door Il be a distant"more like a non-existent"memory.

Wil iam patted Patricks back in passing. You know, if you were anyone else, Id be pummeling you right now. There was no seriousness in Wil iams voice, although I didnt doubt if any other man had tried to rest a flower behind my ear, Wil iam wouldnt have hesitated to carry out his threat.

Geesh, ever since youve been al but promised a Betrothal to her, youve gotten al Rottweiler territorial on her, Patrick said, making for the exit.

You pee on her leg to mark your territory? He high-fived Norberto in passing, winking back at me.

Um, ewww, I said, Abigail and Cora adding their own grumbles of disgust.

Catch ya al later. Im in need of some serious shock therapy to rid myself of the mind-raping you two just performed on my brain, he hol ered back, breaking into a jog as he exited. Final y.

Um, sir? Norberto said, taking a hesitant step forward.

Im right behind you, Norberto, Wil iam said, placing a final kiss over my mouth. Wait up for me? He actual y worded it like a question. Did this man not realize Id not only wait up tonight for him, but Id wait every moment of forever for him if need be?

Always, I sighed, watching him lope away from me, wishing I could fold up into wal et size so I travel via his pocket with him wherever he went.

Good seeing you too, Wil iam, Cora cal ed after him purposeful y, sticking out her lower lip.

He froze mid-stride, shoulders tensing. He spun around, apology written on his face. Running to Cora and Abigail, he scooped each one up in an arm, pul ing them to him. Great seeing you both, he said, gushing as he grinned over at me. Sorry?

Looking satisfied when he set them back on the ground, Cora answered, Accepted.

Wil iam wiped at his forehead. Phew. He stared over at me, his smile pul ing up one side of his cheek. I have a tough time remembering theres a whole other world out there other than ours when Im with you. Il have to work on that.

I hope you dont, I said immediately.

Bryn, Cora scolded, hitching her hands on her hips. You do realize we,"she motioned between Abigail and herself"are included in that other world?

Sorry, ladies, Wil iam cal ed back, skirting around the dozens of tables in his journey towards the entrance. Bryn has spoken. There wil be no other world acknowledgement when were in our own.

His exit was fol owed by three sighs, although mine was the only one that wasnt exasperated.

CHAPTER TWO

ONE MAN TOO MANY

Other than a shattered wine glass, a torn tablecloth, and a string of lanterns gone MIA, you did an exceptional job keeping the Bryn tornado of destruction caged, Cora said, patting my arm.

Lets not forget the nearly demolished Table Twenty-two, Abigail chimed in, switching off the power source to the tent where, tomorrow night, my dream would either come true or a ful -fledged nightmare would manifest.

I gave my head a violent shake, attempting to jostle free those thoughts. I would not al ow anything to spoil the eve of the Betrothal Bal where Id become an almost Hayward. A Mrs. William Hayward.

Emphasis on the nearly, I said, as the tent fel black, although there were enough stars lighting the Montana sky to cause the dAcor within to glitter like a disco bal . I almost preferred it this way.

Come on, Im not sure if I can be physical y exhausted, but we can at least pretend, Cora said, weaving her arms through Abigails and mine. Ive got a fresh batch of oatmeal raisin cookies at home, providing Joseph heeded my warning that hed be on couch-patrol for a week if he ate al of them. And you know coffees customary.

That sounds wonderful, Abigail started, trying to hide the but tone in her voice, but Im sure Nathanials expecting me after being gone al day.

I knew from experience Cora was rol ing her eyes. And he cant do without you for another hour or two while we girls kick our feet up and overdose on confection and caffeine?

Nathanial, Abigail said, in explanation.

Yeah, yeah. I forgot hopeless without his woman ran in the family. Good thing it decreased in severity with each brother.

Abigail nudged me. I dont think there was much decrease from first to second born. Sorry.

Im not, I said, smiling. I think hopeless without his woman is where I want Wil iam the better part of forever.

Wish granted, Cora said, letting out a low whistle as we rounded the east side of the tent. If Id been able, I would have done the same, but the man was exceedingly adept at rendering me speechless.

Hundreds of votives were il uminating the lanterns lining a grass walkway that ended right in front an angel. My angel. Wil iam stood in front of a table fil ed with flowers, food, and candles, wearing a charcoal suit and a smile. A bunch of tulips cascaded from his hands.

Holy ... I muttered, pondering if this was real. These kinds of things didnt happen in real life, but very little of what Wil iam and I were could be qualified as real life. Thats what made it so special. Thats what made it worth fighting for.

Hotness, a new member to our trio of gape-mouthed girls added. I think you mean to say, holy hotness. Sierra shouldered up next to me, bumping my hip with hers. That boy is sin on a stick. Her eyes took in the scene before us, the William scene, and as always, she looked like she was savoring every inch of him. If you need any help with that, any help at al , you just let me know, honey.

Thanks for the offer, but Ive got him covered, I said, feeling my face go a little dreamy as he made a slight bow at me.

Sierra, as always, your uncanny ability to objectify the male species is inspiring, Cora said, giving me a go get him shoulder nudge. Lets leave these two alone.

Sierra stuck out her lower lip. Youre no fun.

Can I tempt you with coffee, cookies, and girly conversation? Cora asked, weaving her arm around Sierras waist and steering her away.

Is his"she tilted her head Wil iams direction"younger clone going to be there? she asked hopeful y.

For your insidious viewing pleasure. Cora grinned, continuing to maneuver Sierra in the opposite direction. She threw me a thumbs-up behind her back.

Abigail squeezed my arm as she fol owed after the other two. Do you ever give your libido a rest, Sierra? she asked, trying to sound parental.

Your eyes are going to go crossed if you keep it up.

Ha! Now that I wouldnt mind as long as the crossing had to do with them changing a certain sapphire blue.

Their conversation continued as they progressed into the night, but it was the silent man in front of me that held every ounce of my attention.

Everything about the set up screamed elegance and class, so I should have demurely made my way toward him keeping a control ed pace and face.

But elegant I was not.

My grin turned to a beam and my jog became a sprint as I crossed the space separating us. He mimicked my response, meeting me in the middle of the candlelit runway. I threw myself at him, not one for holding back when it came to Wil iam, and he caught me like hed been expecting nothing else from me.

Final y, I said, referring to the past month hed been gone on his mission, the past few hours hed been with the Council, and the past few seconds it had taken to get to him.

Alone at last, he said, plucking the wilted orchid from my ear that Id long forgotten about and replacing it with one from his bouquet.

Just then, something caught my eye. Wel , almost alone, I said, pointing at the four men circled around us, ready to protect Wil iam from whatever threats waited beyond their circle, and there were many.

Theres no one except for you and me tonight, my love, he said, gliding my body down his as he set me down. The heat and desire coming from him was suffocating. Or was that coming from me? Who knows? Who cares?

Our own little world tonight? I said, drawing in a breath to calm the fires.

His eyes glinted with a familiar note of mischief. Our own little world every night.

Now that kind of talk isnt what we need if you want me to restrain myself until were properly"I actual y did the air-quote thing"United so you can make a respectable woman out of me.

With the way youre running your hands al over me right now, he said, grimacing with torture, restraint and respect are not exactly on my mind at present.

In that case, I said, running my fingers up his jackets lapel. Id say youre overdressed for the occasion. I suddenly caught myself as I went to loosen the knot of his tie. I took an investigative look at my attire and, if he was overdressed, and we werent going to be getting undressed anytime soon, I was embarrassingly underdressed. Not only underdressed in a white tee and worn jeans, I was also dirty, wrinkled, and hardly fitting for the man and scene set before me.

Hold that thought? I asked, peering up at him.

Ive been holding that thought for decades, whats a few more minutes? I felt my face iron out in surprise, pleasant surprise. Or weeks, he clarified, causing my face to line with disappointment.

Pious much? I taunted, placing a kiss that was much too quick for my tastes on his lips as I spun around.

Where are you going? he cal ed out after me.

To make myself more presentable, I said over my shoulder as I continued jogging down the candle-il umed path. But how did you make someone like me look presentable for someone like him? You couldnt, but I wasnt going to let that stop me from trying. I had just the dress in mind that promised to have him wringing his napkin in his lap al dinner long. Good thing Id taken up the girls offer for a shopping trip in Missoula last weekend.

Dont be ridiculous, Bryn, Wil iam cal ed out. You look radiant.

I let out a laugh, picking up speed. The sooner I got back to Joseph and Coras, the sooner I could wriggle into said dress, which would hopeful y result in wriggling out of said dress soon after. Perhaps that was a stretch, but hey, the Eiffel Tower wasnt built because people thought smal , right?

Lying isnt real y your thing, babe, I said. But dont worry. Il be back in a jiff and closer to the radiance factor when I return.

I jetted through the dark fields and, despite the formidable speed I was harnessing, part of me wished Id been bestowed with Patricks gift of teleportation. It would make things so much more bearable when Wil iam was gone al the time.

The house was dark save for the porch light, so the girls must have made a detour to Abigails first and Josephs man night with Patrick, Nathanial, and Hector must have been extended, so Id have the house al to myself. Which would make it that much easier to get in and out in record time.

I turned the shower on and rushed to my bedroom, pul ing the dress from its hanger so fast it spun around the pole like a helicopter blade until it fel to the floor. I slid the top drawer of my dresser open and grabbed the first couple of things that were on top, but then an image of Wil iam dressed in a tailored suit, flowers in hand, surrounded by candlelight popped to mind. I dropped the mismatched cotton numbers and returned to the closet.

Id been stockpiling lacey, silky, sheer, so-on-and-so-forth unmentionables the past month with the new roundabout promise Charles had made Wil iam and me regarding our impending Betrothal. Partly because the power of positive thinking couldnt hurt, partly because Id never gone this kind of lingerie shopping before and it was pretty fun, and partly because a girl needed a significant col ection when they spent an eternity with the man whod be taking the painstakingly selected numbers off.

Digging through my most recent purchases in the pink striped bag, I settled for one of the tamer bra/panty combos, pul ed the tags off, and sprinted back to the bathroom. I made even the fastest of clothes shedders seem slow when I shrugged out of mine and, while the water streaming down my body felt amazing, it managed to feel more like a necessary evil when I knew it was keeping me from Wil iam.

In the same blink of an eye, the shower was off, my skin dried, and my hair was detangled via my fingers. I slid into and fastened on the pale pink matching under-outfit, appraising the way a couple of inanimate items could lift, smooth, and basical y transform a sneaker-enthusiast like myself into something almost ... sexy.

My throat went dry despite knowing tonight wouldnt be the night al that was within them would be discovered, but knowing that night was coming as soon as itd had ever been ... rumors of me becoming Mrs. Patrick Hayward aside.

Needing a cool glass of water to wet my throat and cool the flames rushing into every layer of my body, I ran down to the kitchen. Keep it together, Bryn. No one needs to know youre wearing these weapons of male distraction, I said, talking to myself. It wil be like a practice run, I assured myself, fil ing a glass.

Now how do I join that practice run? a voice cal ed out from the dark behind me.

I dropped the cup in the sink, spinning around shock-faced, realizing too late I was nak*d save for the scraps of fabrics that, instead of covering, seemed to highlight the areas they were stretched over.

Hot damn, woman, Paul said, jaw dropping before it formed around a low whistle. That man you have it bad for is one lucky schmuck.

Paul! I yel ed, the only reprimand I put together as I jogged towards the laundry room praying Cora had left something"dirty or clean"that could save me from another once-over from Paul.

Extremely lucky, he crooned, eyes latched onto certain areas of my body that were bouncing in rhythm to my escape.

You are a pervert, I cal ed back once Id made it into the laundry room. Youre lucky Wil iams not here or else he would gladly be removing your eyes from their sockets as we speak.

Yeah, yeah. I get hes the honorable one and Im the dog, Paul said, pacing around the kitchen. But I can guarantee you he wouldnt have covered his eyes if youd come bouncing down the stairs and he was the one waiting for you instead.

Whatever you need to tel yourself to feel better, I snapped, knowing he was probably right. However, one of my truest friends, who I wanted nothing more than friendship from and he wanted that and more, much more, was the one person I didnt want to see me near nak*d.

The look that had fal en over his face"rugged, untamed desire"was exactly the reason why. Paul knew how I felt about Wil iam and I didnt doubt that he wanted me happy with whoever I decided on, but that hadnt stopped him from trying to wedge in between us whenever chance had presented itself this past month. You could have let out a customary Hello or Hey, Im lurking in the shadows of a dark kitchen, I said, offering my silent thanks to Cora when I found a clean pair of Josephs boxers and a wel -loved Stanford sweatshirt neatly folded on top of the dryer.

I could have, he replied, continuing to pace around the kitchen. But would you have stil come prancing down the stairs looking like a lingerie model?

Of course not, I answered, sliding into Josephs pajamas. Judging from how long he and Cora had been apart today, he wouldnt be needing them tonight anyways.

Thats why I didnt shout out a warning. I could hear the impish grin on Pauls face.

I let out a grumble. I dont need Wil iam to detach your eye sockets. I know how to operate a melon scooper.

Yes, Im very wel aware of how capable you are to take care of yourself and how vicious your delivery can be. Pauls voice was light, but it was forced.

You said it, I said, making a concerted effort to put on an unaffected face. So keep that in mind next time youre considering turning into a peeping tom.

Paul laughed. That wasnt peeping, Bryn. That was unapologetic, wide-eyed staring. Theres a rather large difference.

Youre right, there is. I pul ed open the door, meeting his gaze that fel on me immediately. He looked just as annoyed as Id been relieved finding Josephs would-have-been pajamas. A peep I might have been able to forgive, a five second long stare I cant.

Oh, please, Paul said, leaning against the counter crossing his arms. It must be exhausting to keep up that unfailing act of pretending you wouldnt be with me right now if it wasnt for him.

Okay, that was one reply I was not expecting from him. It threw me and I lost whatever comment I was going to throw back in his face.

I thought Id made it clear to him that this kind of talk was off limits, but Paul was as persistent as he was direct and made an art form of ade an adXforgetting certain requests of mine that didnt align with his goals. What are you doing here? I asked, playing ignorant of his last comment.

I needed to see you, he said, scanning the room with feigned interest. I needed to tel you something.

Wel , youve certainly seen me, I said, adjusting Josephs boxers lower so they covered more of my skin. Please, tel away.

He was staring at me again, eyes soft and smile amused from my attempts at sounding stern. He looked like he was in no hurry to divulge why he was here. He seemed perfectly content to lean against that counter and stare-slash-smile at me al night long. Problem was, I had somewhere else I wanted to be al night long.

Not to be rude, Paul, but if youve got nothing to say, Ive got to get going. Wil iams waiting" Just cool your jets for two minutes, Bryn, Paul interrupted, the corner of his mouth twitching. Im supremely aware that youd rather be with him than with me, but Il make it short.

That wil be the day, I mumbled. Short conversations and Paul Lowe were mutual y exclusive entities.

Wel , heres that day, he said, smiling tightly at me. Good. Bye. Bryn. That short enough for you?

Id heard him say it a hundred times before, maybe even a thousand with the way he made sure to let me know whenever he was leaving, even if it was just a trip downstairs, like it was his way of making sure he kept himself in the forefront of my mind. However, this time when he said it, there was something hopeless and final about it.

But since I was the master at jumping to the worst of conclusions, I let the new, more positive Bryn reply, Good-bye. Il see you tomorrow night. It sounded as unsure as I felt, but Paul wasnt known for his skil at picking up female nuances.

He rol ed his eyes at my attempts; so Id not been as subtle as Id thought. That good-bye I just issued was one of those final kinds. You should be jumping for joy right about now.

Okay, back it up, I said, inhaling. Why are you handing out final good-byes? It took a valiant effort to stay composed, to keep the emotions buried so I could approach this rational y, but I wouldnt be able to hold them down much longer.

His eyes cut through me. You know why.

Those were the three words that broke me. Tears stung the surface instantly. I know what you want, Paul, and I wish I could give it to you ..."the first tear skied down my cheek"but I cant. I thought you knew that.

His face twisted as he watched another tear escape. Dont you think I know that? I tel my brain to get over you and it listens. I tel my heart the same and it laughs, he said, his voice tight. Do you think I like feeling this way? Watching you head-over-heels, hardcore, al -over in love with some other guy while I stand around like some pathetic loser, my life measured by each smile you send my way?

Paul, please, I said, close to begging. I knew Paul had felt something for me, but Id chosen to believe wed put that behind us, but he was choosing to put it very much before us again. I cant, you know I cant. If I could, I would, but I love him. Il always love him.

Something of a wince pul ed Pauls face tight. I hated hurting him, especial y when hed done nothing other than love me, but I knew the crueler of my two options with him would have been to string him along, to let him think there was hope in waiting in the wings.

That was a lost cause the day a certain Wil iam Hayward entered my life. Im so, so, so very sorry, I said, wishing I could erase myself from Pauls life so he wouldnt have to feel the pain I was watching play across his face. So he could go on with the rest of his eternity, making another woman happier than she ever thought she could be. I knew Paul would be that kind of companion, the one in a mil ion, but he wasnt meant for me. I wasnt meant for him.

I know, I know, he said, rushing towards me. He pul ed me into his arms, cinching them so tight around me it felt like he was trying to keep both of us from fal ing apart. Im not looking for an apology or an explanation or a pep talk. Im just putting it al out there because thats what I do. Im a lost cause for preserving my delicate male ego.

I sniffed, trying not to drench his shirt in tears and snot. More like a glutton for punishment.

He tucked his chin over my head, inhaling deeply. That too. But only for you.

Youre going to make a woman very happy one day, I said, letting him pul me tighter to him.

He humphed. Says the woman who wont ever be her.

What am I going to do without you dousing gut-wrenching guilt over me every day? I teased, feeling that the wave of emotions had crested.

Youre real y not going away are you?

He nodded into my head. As far as I can get.

Where? I asked, wiping my forearm over my eyes.

Wherever the airline ticket the Council approved for me says.

You havent looked yet? I asked, dumbfounded.

Nah, I wanted to see you first. Besides, theres nowhere worse they can send me than I can feel right now.

I laughed darkly. You do realize our Council has a twisted sense of humor, right? Who knows where you could end up?

Good point, he said, pul ing me back to him when I tried to weave out of our embrace.

I didnt fight him this time. It sounded like I wouldnt be fighting with him again for a long time. How long wil you be gone?

However long it takes to finish up my training, find Immortal nirvana, find a cure for cancer, fix the hole in the ozone layer, and fal out of love with you. He sighed. Could take an eternity. Good thing thats what Ive got.

I know its selfish to ask you to stay, so I wont, but that doesnt mean Im not going to miss a good friend like crazy.

Friend, he repeated, like it was a curse. Friend. This time when I pul ed back from him, he let me go. I never thought Id hate that word so much, but if thats al I can have of you, Il take it.

He extended his hand, his shoulders stiff. So long, friend.

My brows squeezed in confusion. Youre leaving now? Like right now?

He shrugged his answer.

Cant you at least wait until after the Betrothal Bal ? I felt the emotion catching in my throat again, realizing Paul Lowe could be walking out of my life the next moment for goodness only knows how long.

I dont think so, he replied, guarded.

Please, Paul. Stay and have a good time, the world wil stil be there in two days waiting for you. I wanted to grab his hands in mine and squeeze them until he promised hed stay, but lines that were already blurred from Pauls point of view were crossed whenever I initiated a touch with him. No matter the innocence of it, he was an optimist in the worst kind of way for a girl who wanted nothing more than friendship.

I cant, he whispered, hanging his head.

Yes, you can. Please? I didnt care, I was begging now.

He stayed silent, contemplating, so I went in for the kil . Please stay. For me?

His eyes closed. I cant, Bryn. Please dont ask me again to stay around to watch you Betrothed to another man, because theres nothing I wouldnt do for you, including staying behind if thats what you real y wanted. So dont ask me again unless thats what you real y, real y, really want, because I wil , but it wil break every last friggin piece of my heart that isnt shattered quite yet. One side of his mouth curved up in a contrived smile as he stared me straight on, waiting for my answer.

Have a safe trip, I whispered, letting him go, knowing deep in my heart it was the right thing to do. Il miss you. I leaned in for one more hug that was reciprocated with such rawness from Paul my words were choked at the source. I was tired of good-byes. There was no good reason to vocalize it anyways; it was heavy in every inch of our embrace.

Thank you, he said, letting out a sigh that surpassed relief. Putting his hands on my shoulders, he broke us free of our embrace looking like the most tortured creature Id ever seen. Youve got a man to get back to. Tel him he better take care of the woman we love or else Il happily resurface from whatever remote corner of the universe the Council intends on sending me just so I can kick his perfect little ass.

I laughed, no lightness in it. Im sure that wil go over wel .

Giving me a final smile, he headed towards the slider door leading off the kitchen. Sliding it open, a gust of cool November air forced its way into the house, giving me a chil despite the Immortality perk to sunny and seventy forever. I knew he was going to say something else, Paul and I had shared enough life experience together for me to know that, I just wasnt sure what the nature of it would be.

When his face turned ful -on to mine with a grin starring in his impish expression, I knew we were past the heavy. Just in case youre looking for any male opinions as to honeymoon lingerie ... he trailed on, his eyebrows doing an al out peak, that little bra and panty number you just modeled for me is bangin. His smile slid up higher to dimple ignition. Pun absolutely intended. See ya around, Bryn, he said, throwing himself out the door the next instant, leaving me behind with the chil night air and an ocean of guilt.

See you around, Paul, I whispered to no one.

CHAPTER THREE

A STALL FOR TWO

Id bul eted out of Joseph and Coras so quick you would have thought John Townsend had sicked every last one of his thugs on me. After Paul left, the house felt empty, hol ow, and a part of me did, too.

Not because I doubted my devotion to Wil iam, but because the feelings Paul had for me were stil very real and significant. Id blanketed myself with the warm fuzzy that, after Paul saw me back together with Wil iam, and once he became enamored by the al -too-impressive single women in our Al iance, Id be a distant memory.

That had been the easy way to look at it, but life was never easy.

The only thing I wanted to do was run straight into Wil iams arms and stay there until the cocktail of pain, hurt, and guilt I felt had been washed away. I was lucky enough I had someone to comfort me, but who did Paul have? He was hurting just as badly, if not worse, than I was and the person whose arms he wanted to have comfort him was running in the opposite direction of him to find solace in another mans arms.

How had I managed to make such a mess of things with Paul? Just thinking about al the wrong turns Id made with him brought on a new wave of tears, but the emotional overload couldnt have hit at a better time.

The barn was a few yards away and would be a welcome hide-out to recompose myself before I made my way back to Wil iam, who Id already left waiting too long on this should-have-been magical night ... and darn it if I hadnt forgotten the dress that, if I hadnt gone searching for it in the first place, I wouldnt be feeling the way I was now.

If I wasnt convinced already, dresses were the devil.

Id promised to return as radiant as Bryn-possible and had returned a hot mess sporting mens pajamas and puffy red-rimmed eyes.

I grabbed a few apples from the barrel and made my way down to a stable that was the horse equivalent of the corner office. Wil iam indulged the fil y, almost as much as he did me, so much so shed turned her nose up if someone had the audacity to offer her an apple with even the smal est of bruises.

She greeted me with a courtesy neigh, although she made it a point of looking inconvenienced that her sleep was interrupted by the offering of a mere three apples.

Sorry to disturb your beauty sleep, your highness, I said, sliding an apple through the gate. She took it begrudgingly, chomping at it like it was the least impressive apple shed ever tasted.

Bryn, a concerned voice cal ed out from behind. What are you doing in here? Wil iam paused, perusing my attire with narrowed eyes. And should I be concerned that youre wearing my brothers underwear?

Sorry, Il be right there, I said, careful not to meet his eyes. I just need a minute.

Are you crying? he asked, coming towards me.

No, Im fine. I turned my back on him, swiping my sweatshirt sleeves across my eyes.

Yeah, Wil iam huffed, gripping my arms and spinning me back towards him. Heard that one before. He took one look at my face and his lined with worry. What happened? He drew me to him, surrounding me with the comfort that natural y exuded from him.

Its ..."I didnt want to tel Wil iam I was crying over another guy on his first night home, but more than that, I didnt want to lie to him"Its Paul, I said, sighing into his shirt.

His body tensed. What did he do? he asked, almost snarling. This time?

Wil iams reaction had me doubting my decision to keep what was upsetting me to myself. Wil iam had the patience of a saint, but hearing one word from me about Paul Lowe had a way of extinguishing it. It seemed even a saint had their limits when it came to a guy relentlessly pursuing his woman.

I bit my lip, drawing Wil iamhome&trade attention to them. His eyes flashed fire. Did he try to kiss you again? His voice was murderous.

What? No, I said, emphasizing the calm in my voice. Of course not. After the warning Id given Paul this past summer after hed mauled me mouth-first, I could say with certainty he feared my wrath more than Wil iams.

The fire dimmed the smal est amount in his eyes. Did he lay one unwanted finger on you?

Oh, men. It was like there was no sin more unforgivable than one man hitting on another mans woman. Testosterone was as irrational as it was incendiary.

No, I said, sounding more exasperated than Id intended. Wil iam, please calm down.

Because, so help me god, Il rip his arms off and beat him with the bloody stumps if he even thought about" Hes leaving, I whispered, silencing his outrage with three soft syl ables.

His eyes relaxed as he swept my hair behind my ears. I know.

You knew? I asked, leaning back from him. Why wouldnt you have told me?

His face formed around an expression that shouted, Really? For starters, because Ive had a whole five minutes with you since Ive returned and I didnt want to waste one second of those precious few discussing Paul Lowe. And second, because it was his place to tel you, not mine. The anger had leaked out of his voice, but in its place was concern. Are you upset with me?

I looked into his eyes, drowning in worry. Of course not, I answered honestly. Im upset at myself.

Now why in the world would you be upset with yourself over Paul leaving? he asked, loosening his tie with one hand, coming to terms that there was no recovering from the detour this night had taken.

We both know hes leaving because of me, I said, looking down. But one of us is thril ed and one of us is tortured.

Youre right, I am thril ed hes leaving. He didnt yield to my glare. Its better for you, for me, and for him if he leaves.

For him? I repeated, not convinced Paul going to some unknown location with unknown people was in his best interest.

Wil iam nodded. A man can only take so much before he breaks. Judging from the location I noticed Pauls head hanging, his breaking point is about one Betrothal Bal away. The affectionate tone Wil iam was delivering his words with couldnt soften the truth. And I was about one more once-over stare from him directed at you from reaching my breaking point. A smile curled up one side of his mouth, but it was forced. But if I might inquire into the source of your torture? Is it because you feel guilty he is leaving or ..."he swal owed, eyes drifting to the side"or is it because you maybe ...

might have ... some kind of feelings for him? His voice neared a whisper by the end of it.

Stil the doubt in him. I didnt know how much more of my unfailing love it would take to convince him, but I wouldnt give up, no matter how long or how much it took. He was worthy of my best efforts"and then some.

Wil iam Hayward, you are the only person who doesnt see you for who you are, I said, shaking my head. The only person I have those kinds of feelings youre referring to,"I fit my hands around his face"is you. I placed a tender kiss on each of his cheeks. I feel tortured because Paul feels such pain because of me. I cant even begin to imagine how it would feel if"having the feelings I do for you"I had to watch you love another woman, knowing there was nothing I could do or say to change your mind. I felt the waterworks threatening to switch on again. Im not saying Paul has the kinds of feelings I have for you"of course he doesnt ... he couldnt. I shuddered at the thought of how it would feel to have that kind of love unreciprocated. But if he even feels one-hundredth of what I feel for you, it must be unbearable to see us together.

His hand slid under my hair to massage my neck. Oh baby, I know you intended that to be sobering, but that might have been the most beautiful thing Ive heard.

If that was the most beautiful thing youve ever heard,"I rose an eyebrow"coming from the mouth of a woman sporting menswear in the middle of a stinky, hot barn"

Also known as the woman who wil have my last name soon, he interjected, like it was the proudest of things. Yes, I didnt have any doubt Id be a Hayward soon ... just, please, to everything holy in the universe, not because of the pale-haired charmer who could never love anyone more than himself.

I kept going, not letting his condition or my paranoid critic sidetrack me. Love hasnt only blinded you, it has made you deaf as wel .

He shrugged, a familiar smile creeping into position. Maybe, but I dont need my ears to enjoy you. His hands slid from my neck down my back, pausing to grip my hips.

And what about your eyes? I played his game, finding it difficult to put together a simple sentence the way his fingers were dril ing into my skin.

His eyelids dropped, his hands fol owing their lead. His smile crept higher. I think I can make do.

Tingles ran the ful length of my body.

Case in point? he whispered, his mouth finding mine with no amount of searching needed, despite his temporary blindness. His mouthed sucked at mine gently, right to the heart palpitation point, before he released me.

I half-sighed, half-moaned. Point proven. Who needs sight and sound when theyve got hands and lips that can do that? I was stil feeling the aftershocks tingling down my body from them.

He laughed, deep and slow. I dont need them, he said, his lids lifting to reveal the pale colored eyes that would one day soon be forever changed if fate decided to cut us a break. They took me in, from very top to very bottom, right back up to my eyes. But Im certainly glad I have them.

Excuse me, sir, an assured voice cal ed out from the barn doors, a loud clearing of the throat fol owing.

And our bubble of privacy wed conjured up was popped. Nothing like a dark-suited, buzz-cut guard to kil the mood.

Wil iam didnt hide his look of extreme annoyance when he turned to him, but he left both arms twisted around me. Yes?

I thought I should let you know we had to take down your, eh ... picnic? He said it like he had no clue what to cal it.

Why? Wil iam asked, making a one syl able reply sound like a threat.

The guard shifted. A few members of the Council arrived this evening and, wel ... the poor man looked like he would have been more comfortable if he was on fire. Eyebrows were raised ...

Wil iam cut him off with the raising of his hand. No need for further explanations, James. Al you had to say was the Council. I can fil in the blanks. Storm clouds rol ed through Wil iams eyes, but it passed quickly. Shrugging it off, he said, Thats alright, I can play their game one more night. Once were Betrothed tomorrow, they cant tel us we cant have a candlelight dinner for al to see if we desire so.

James nodded his head. Good evening then, sir. Wel be outside waiting.

Theyl be waiting awhile, Wil iam breathed in my ear as I felt the smile lift up the corners of his mouth. Have you met my soon-to-be Betrothed, James? Wil iam cal ed out to the guard making as fast of a retreat as he could without looking rude.

Sir? he paused, swal owing.

Wil iam motioned at me, standing tal er. This is Bryn Dawson. Wel , save for a few formalities, Bryn Hayward.

I gave James a smile, pul ed wider than was introduction-customary due to the man beside me verbalizing my upcoming name change. The awkward look James gave me confirmed he wasnt ignorant of the rumors swirling about regarding my upcoming Betrothal. Pleasure to meet you, maam. Best of luck to you tomorrow night. There was something purposeful about his words, tel ing that it wasnt just Wil iam and me who wanted to see us end up together tomorrow night.

You too, James, I said softly, trying to send my silent appreciation. And thanks. Were going to need it.

James smile was sad as he ducked out of the barn.

Ive always liked to think of myself as a man who creates my own luck, Wil iam said softly, picking up right where we left off, pre-James. His eyes gazed at my neck, his mouth taking their place.

My eyes closed, James a distant memory. I hope youve been creating an extra big batch, because you know as wel as I do things never go the way we hope they wil .

This wil , his words hummed across my neck, igniting a new set of chil s.

Wil iam was so confident, so assured, that his and my name were sitting side by side on that list of Betrothals. There wasnt a hint of doubt I could find in his words or his voice or his demeanor. If it were up to Wil iam, wed be promised forever tomorrow night.

But it wasnt up to Wil iam. It was up to seven men, his father included, who were as cold, unyielding, and ancient as a glacier. If Wil iam and I being together didnt align with their plan, then tough; I didnt put it past them that theyd pair Patrick and me without raising a single brow.

So whats the plan for the rest of the night? I asked as I leaned back from him, sure Id explode into a flaming bal of sexual frustration if his lips slid against my skin one more mil imeter. Since you know the Council wil be watching us wherever we go from here.

Then maybe we should stay right here, he suggested, dead serious.

I took a purposeful look around the hay bales, feed bags, and dirt floor. I curled my nose to bring home the point. Here?

A moment. He raised his index finger for me to stay and jogged to a vacant stal in the front of the barn. There was an explosion of sounds, shifting, moving, bursting, and scraping and then it fel silent.

Wil iam ushered out of the stal , the tilt of his brow at just the right angle for me to know he was up to something. He bowed, sweeping his hand from me towards the stal . Your stal for two, Miss Dawson.

I kept his gaze as I crossed the space between us. I gave him a confused look which he met with an assured one before I took a step in the stable. Whoa, I muttered, taking in the stable hed transformed into what could have been a cozy room in a rustic cabin. Blankets were spread al over and around the entire area, a good six inches deep. A strand of frosted white globe lights crisscrossed above us, which suddenly glowed like soft orbs in the night sky when the lights overhead clicked off.

You are a master at improvisation, I said, stil awed from his resourcefulness.

More like an opportunist, he said, coming up behind me. Did you real y think Id let them ruin tonight for us?

I smiled. Have I mentioned before that I love you?

Only a few mil ion times. He nuzzled my neck, pul ing me down to the blanketed ground. But its a few tril ion too few, so keep on keepin on, love.

You wont hear me complain. Ever.

He reclined onto his back, pul ing me down next to him until every inch of my length ran against him. You are an opportunist, I teased, burying my head in the curve of his neck.

Have you seen my woman? he said with exaggerated seriousness. Darn right Im an opportunist.

I hope you never wake up one day and real y see what the woman you love looks like, I said, only somewhat teasing.

And I hope you one day wake up and realize how crazy you are, he tossed back, shifting us so he was looking me in the eyes. His face took a turn to the serious. So what are you not tel ing me about Paul?

I waited too long to answer, so I knew he wouldnt accept my answer without further investigation. Nothing, I said, my voice high with imitation innocence.

His expression confirmed he wasnt the least bit convinced by my reassurances. Did he try to touch you? he asked, his voice in control, but his eyes werent.

Not ... exactly, I answered, looking to the side.

His eyes sealed into slits. He did try to kiss you again, didnt he? So help me Il " What? I interrupted. Did you not hear me the first time? Paul did not try to kiss me tonight, I said, drawing out each word. Although I was certain, had I given Paul a microscopic level of hope, he would have.

What did he do then? Wil iam asked slowly, making an effort to keep the lid on the fury bubbling up in him.

Promise you wont beat him to a bloody Immortal pulp? I asked.

Absolutely not, he answered. But I do promise if you tel me, I wont go hunt him down right now based solely on the conclusions Ive jumped to from your hesitancy to tel me what he did. Wil iams eyes softened some when I glared at him. I think bloody pulp would be a good look for a man who is incessant about trying to steal away another mans reason for living, dont you?

Patrick was right, you have gotten al territorial, I said. Dont you trust me to be alone with another man?

You, he said, tapping the end of my nose, I trust implicitly. Its him, or any man for that matter"my father and brothers exempt"I havent got a bit of trust in.

Nothing like twisting the knife deeper into my side. I dont know what Wil iam would have done if hed been privy to the rumors of Patrick and me being matched tomorrow night, but it certainly gave me an understanding of why they said the threat comes from where you least expect it. It wasnt other men, Paul included, Wil iam had to worry about losing me to. It was his own brother.

Please tel me, he said, nudging me with his forehead. Al this pent up adrenaline needs to be released into something physical before I combust from it.

Something physical?

He shrugged. Pummeling Paul or"his eyebrows peaked"an old-fashioned rol in the hay ought to fit the bil , too.

I grumbled, al too aware that whatever distraction I sent his way or amount of time that went by, he wouldnt give up on pul ing the answer from me. He was relentless. Okay, so dont freak out,"his head shook in disagreement"dont really freak out, I edited, blowing out a loud burst of air. So I was, eh, trying on some new ... lingerie, I said, like I was guilty by this admission alone.

His pupils widened. I dont know how this relates to Paul"at least it better not relate to him"but keep painting this picture for me. Im liking where youre going with it.

I couldnt control the grimace before it broke free. Wel ...

This story does involve Paul, he growled.

I rubbed my hands over his chest in slow, calming circles. Extra calming circles. He might have seen me modeling it while I was walking around Joseph and Coras that Id assumed was empty of people and perverts, I threw in for good measure.

Thats it, he said, matter-of-fact. Im going to kil him. He pushed against me to stand up, but I not so gently shoved him back down, placing myself on top of him. His eyes went from stormy to dreamy in two seconds time and his hands had no problem finding their places to affix. So maybe I had this distraction thing down; I just had to pul out the real y big guns when the occasion arose.

Youd have to move from this position to kil him, you know, I said, lowering my voice a few notes.

Your powers of sexual persuasion could crush the axis of the world, I swear, he said, looking like Paul was long forgotten.

Why, thank you very much, I giggled, placing a tame kiss over his mouth. Stil planning on going somewhere?

I can always kil Paul tomorrow, he answered.

Good thing Paul was leaving tonight, because I only partial y doubted Wil iams threat. Good choice.

His hands ran up my back, creeping inside Josephs bulky sweatshirt. You wouldnt happen to have that lingerie on under these sexy P.J.s would you? His fingers traced up my back, winding up over my backbone.

Those hands of his could ignite me with the most PG rated of touches; I couldnt even imagine how Id feel when they did anything more.

Wouldnt you like to know? I teased, sliding my hands up to hook over his shoulders.

I cant imagine ever wanting to know anything more. His smile was tilted in mischief.

If I was certain youd make good use of the lingerie if I told you, I would, but since I know you wont,"at least not until you make an honest woman of me"Im not going to tel you, I said, leaning away from him.

He knew Id cal ed it for what we both knew it was. I am an insufferable prude, arent I?

Absolutely insufferable, I said solemnly.

One day soon Il be forever cured of it, so watch out, he said, winking.

My heart did jumping-jacks, but I was happy to play along with this only form of fore-play hed al ow. Good thing Ive stocked up on an eternitys supply of lingerie.

You keep that kind of talk up and prude wil be the one thing Im not, he warned, tucking our bodies into a more tame, less tempting position.

Fine, I complained, knowing my cause was a lost one now. This is coming a little late, but Im sorry your night was ruined. Im sure you had a mil ion different plans for how you wanted to spend it with me. My voice was back to its normal, sex-kitten-free tone.

The front of his body pressed into my body, sweet and seduction free. I only wanted to spend it one way. His arms curled around me, squeezing me to him so there wasnt even a strip of air separating us. This way. His voice was sleep heavy and my body fol owed his lead, saying a silent prayer that tomorrow night wed be promised an eternity of fal ing asleep in each others arms.

CHAPTER FOUR

BUSTED

Wil iam Hayward! a voice shrieked us awake. What do you think youre doing?

Good morning to you too, sunshine, Wil iam replied, fol owed by a yawn.

Dont you sunshine me, Cora warned, her index finger bobbing at him in agitated fits.

Whoa, Wil iam said, propping up on one elbow, keeping me tucked to him with the other. Back it up a few finger wags. Why are you so upset?

Why am I so upset? Why am I so upset? She was as close to fuming as Id seen her.

Wil iam nodded his head, the look of earlier amusement gone from his face.

I expect this,"she pointed both hands at the tangle of Wil iams and my bodies"from her, but you know better. For crud sake, Wil iam, give me a break. I cant keep the whole of the traditional world of Immortals together single-handedly. A little help would be appreciated since Bryns under the impression that tradition is a dirty word. Her face was flushed and she could barely look at me.

Wil iam paused, likely as confused as I was. I mean this with no disrespect, Cora, but I dont know what the heck youre talking about.

My sentiments exactly.

Coras eyes couldnt have popped any farther without dislocating out of their sockets. Dont you dare play games with me, Wil iam Hayward. You know darn wel what Im talking about.

More silence, nothing but the tapping of fingers as Cora pounded them against the stable door. Its early and Im a blundering, forgetful idiot at the moment"you can blame her for my current state. Wil iam glanced down at me in accusation which was received with an elbow to his side. Please show mercy on me in this weakened state and remind me again what Im supposed to know.

I smiled at the way only Wil iam could diffuse a bomb of female emotion. Coras eyes narrowed into slits at me. My smile disappeared as quickly as it had formed.

Because my husband idolizes you and my best friend loves you beyond repair, Il remind you.

Wil iams body relaxed some. Youre a dol , Cora. Whats it again I need reminding of?

Her eyes pointed from me to him, and back again, everything purposeful about it. Its bad luck to see the Betrothed before the Betrothal, she said as if it was the most obvious thing.

I gave up on the hope that Wil iam and I could kiss the morning away; it seemed circumstances outside of our control would be preventing this.

Were not technical y supposed to know were being Betrothed. No one is. How can that be an ancient Immortal custom, tradition, saying ...

whatever? I asked her, not mincing words in her fit. Cora and I could handle each others temper tantrums, whereas the boys went running at the first sign of a female uprising.

Dont you start with me too, Bryn Michel e Dawson. I felt Wil iams stomach tighten from the laugh begging to be released, but he kept it down. He was a smart man. Today is a big day and I cant orchestrate the most massive event our Al iance has put on in ten years if I have to keep your attitude of epic proportions in check as wel . Her hands flew to her hips. So put on your big girl panties and throw me a bone, wil ya?

Leave it to Cora to fly off the handle over some sil y outdated tradition that had been likely made up in her mind, a girl whod remained calm in the midst of death, persecution, and Immortal war. I could give her one thing, though"Cora knew her priorities and held to them.

Easy, Cor, I encouraged, wiggling out of Wil iams vice-like hold. Deep breath in, deep breath out. Heheho ... I demonstrated for her as I stood up. I gripped my hands over her shoulders. Heheho, heheho.

She mimicked my masterful breathing techniques Id picked up on television and, despite the recuperative oxygen being a moot point to Immortals, I witnessed the tension melting from her face. Melting slowly.

My big girl panties are firmly in place. I glanced back at Wil iam, sharing a look. Al too firmly in place, actual y.

His cheeks had begun to redden when I turned back to Cora. Im sorry from the very bottom of my heart that we shunned such a revered, time-honored, well-known Immortal tradition. When her eyes narrowed this time, there was no anger in them. What can I do to remedy this atrocity?

Brushing back the shorter layers of hair that had fal en out of her braids, she shot me a partial y appeased look. For starters, you guys need to high tail it out of here. Like now. She looked down at Wil iam like she was waiting for him to figure something out. Man, you real y are an idiot whenever Bryns around. She puffed out a gust of air when Wil iams face stayed ignorant of whatever she was trying to relay to him. Let me spel it out to you ...

Wil iam grinned, enjoying this game. Better say it nice and slow just to be safe.

The Council members are wandering around the farm. Theyre not saying it, but theyre looking for you since you missed breakfast and your bed remained neatly made. Cora rol ed her eyes. I mean, real y. You put together the most intricately woven plans and you overlook the most obvious things. She looked to me to back her up, but she was on her own.

Theres something seriously messed up with a bunch of old men being so concerned with protecting my chastity, Wil iam said, trying to sound unconcerned, but he could never disguise the way he was truly feeling in his eyes.

Youre special and al , but this isnt any kind of special treatment theyre trying to torture you with. They treated us al like we were a bunch of hormone drunk teenage boys that couldnt be trusted up until the day we were United, Cora said.

The Council final y got one thing right when it comes to Bryn. Wil iam looked at me, his grin growing broader when I crossed my arms in a huff.

You, Cora stomped, pointing at Wil iam. Get out of here. Wel wait here for ten minutes before we go. And dont be obvious when you leave. Go out on a ride or something. Cora nodded down the rows of stable. The horses are getting fat.

Yes, maam, Wil iam said, shooting her a salute after he came to a stand.

And you ... She grabbed my elbow, steering me towards the doors. Youre coming with me. You cant be trusted to your own devices for an event such as tonight, so you wil be makeover putty in Abigails and my capable hands.

Wil iam lunged through the stal just in time to brush a kiss over my lips. Il see you soon. Il meet you on the dance floor. He winked, his expression confident.

I swal owed. Save me a dance, I cal ed after him as he jogged down the barns wide hal , heading for the pasture.

For goodness sakes, woman. Cora came to a screeching halt. Why are you wearing Josephs sweatshirt? Her eyes roamed down lower. And his underwear?

I sighed. Its a long story, Cor, and trust me when I tel you its one Il never repeat.

Its a darn good thing my purse slash oversized luggage lives by the adage, always be prepared. She slung her purse forward, propping it up with a knee, rifling through its contents. She bit her lip, her arm disappearing up to her armpit in the bags depths. Aha! she exclaimed, pul ing out a trench coat so lightweight it was paper-thin.

Why do you have a trench coat in your purse? I asked as she shook it open.

Shrugging, she said, A beige trench coat is this fal s must-have outerwear accessory. Turns out its todays must have accessory for getting you out of the barn without making it blaringly obvious you and Wil iam were up to no good last night. She circled her eyes around my morning attire.

These are Josephs, I said, pul ing at the sweatshirt. Not Wil iams.

I know that and you know that, but do you think anyone else would?

I peered at the bulky Stanford sweatshirt and equal y bulky boxers. Nope, no difference, I admitted, impressed. Cora real y had thought this al out. Except my man smel s a hundred times better than yours, I added, taking a whiff of the sleeve.

Regardless of the season, Joseph always smel ed like fresh-cut grass and a summer morning. It was a pleasant smel , but even if he smel ed like one hundred percent kona coffee and my favorite kind of dark chocolate, Wil iam stil would have smel ed a hundred times better. Nothing smel ed better than love.

Take those off. She nodded at my pajamas. Put this on and ... She went on another scavenger hunt through her purse, retrieving a pair of classic black flats that were way too big for her tiny feet. She tossed them to the floor and I slipped my bare feet in them. They couldnt have fit better if theyd been hand tailored.

You knew this would happen, I said, pul ing the sweatshirt over my head.

Of course I did. She grabbed the sweatshirt and tossed it in her bag. I had a feeling the Council would be showing up early, so I armed my trusty bag"she patted the yel ow leather purse"and when I found your room absent of its occupant this morning, and Patrick cal ed to let me know Wil iams was the same, I started the search.

She grinned at me. It didnt take too long. You guys werent exactly very creative ... or romantic, she said, curling her nose at the barn.

Yeah, wel , sometimes circumstance and resourcefulness makes up for creativity and romance when thats al youve got to work with, I said, pul ing down the boxers, now standing basical y nak*d in front of Cora save for the pale pink lace panty and bra set. It seemed wrong two people other than Wil iam had seen the scanty excuse for underwear Id picked out with him in mind.

Hot mama! Cora exclaimed, looking me head to toe. Wil iams going to bust something when he sees you in that.

Hey, Cora, the coast is clear, a new voice shouted right around the corner. A teleported voice that was going to be rounding the corner quicker than I could duck behind the mountain of hay bales off to the side announced. Holy lingerie! Patrick exclaimed, braking to a stop the instant he saw me. I mean, he shook his head, trying to look away, but he wasnt successful. I mean ... holy boobs" he shouted, his face instantly red.

Patrick! Cora and I both yel ed out at him in disapproval, but his roaming stare had me frozen where I stood.

Wow. Just ... wow, he breathed, his eyes final y moving north until they met mine. Youre perfect.

A flying apple hit him right in the nose, clearing his expression of everything that had just been there. And youre a perv, Cora scolded, shuffling through the barrel for another one.

Patrick lunged behind the nearest wal , fearing for something more important to him than his life"his facial bone structure.

That was just a warning shot, or apple, Cora yel ed, winding her arm back with the next one ready to launch. Come around that corner again and youl suffer the wrath of my speedbal , speed apple.

This is the thanks I get for helping you out? Patrick shot back, but his voice had dimmed. He was leaving. Those Haywards were smart men when it came down to it. Although Id say I received my thanks seeing Bryn in nothing but her scivvies. He chuckled the one he was most known for.

Now thats my kind of thanks. Catch you girls later.

Not if I catch you first, Cora grumbled, handing me the trench coat. Sorry about that.

You defended my honor. Thanks, Cora, I said, stil feeling the flush in my face and neck from Patrick finding me sans clothing, wishing he would have found me in my usual underwear, for he would have pierced his eyes out with hot pokers if he walked in on me in those. Cotton on women was Patricks kryptonite.

Cora helped me into the trench coat; again, a fit so perfect the cuffs even hit in the right spot of my freakishly long arms. How are you doing? she asked, her inability to look me in the eyes leaving nothing to interpretation as to what she was referring to.

Im doing my best not to think about it, I answered, cinching the belt tight. Because it doesnt matter if I think about being Betrothed to Wil iam or Patrick tonight. Both scenarios drudge up emotions that are so extreme, they handicap me.

Cora gave my hands a squeeze, a sad smile on her face. Do you think he suspects anything? I mean, I know hes been gone since the day after you guys were al but promised by Charles, but talk gets around faster than you can say shameless gossip.

I shook my head. Hes so deliriously happy he couldnt have a clue. I looked up at her. Do you think I should tel him before tonight? The thought of informing Wil iam that I could be promised a forever to Patrick was something on my list of things I never wanted to ever think, let alone speak.

What do you think ... she stopped, shaking her head. She laid her hand over my heart. What do you feel you should do?

Knowing what I felt was always easier to gauge than what I thought. Too many things could get in the way when you thought something out, things like morals and social responsibility, your prior experiences and others perceptions. Feelings were easier, at least for me, because Wil iam was the center of my universe, what kept the pieces of me in orbit. When I went on my feelings, he was at the core of my consideration, making my decisions easy. A certain part of me wants to tel him so he can be prepared for what could happen. I was tired of saying Patricks and my name in the same breath. I couldnt do it any more. But then another part tel s me theres nothing he could do to prepare himself for that, so why ruin his night?

Cora shot me a look of disbelief.

Its not like we know for sure were not going to be Betrothed tonight, I said, trying to convince her as much as I was myself. Everything might happen just the way he expects.

I know that, Cora replied in her calm voice. I want that just as much as you do. I was only inquiring so I knew what kind of reaction to expect from Wil iam tonight. She grinned, pul ing at the sleeve of my coat. Our ten minute waiting period must be done. So I wont need the few dozen extra security guards until immediately after the Betrothals are cal ed out.

You might not need them at al , I said, feigning offense as she led me out the barn doors. Besides, in case you havent noticed, Wil iams already got his own security duty on his heels twenty-four-seven. Why would you need even more?

We stepped out into the early morning mist, the crispness of the air a welcome relief from the stifling conversation.

Theyre not for Wil iam, Cora said, linking her arm through mine. Theyre for Patrick.

I laughed, even though I knew I should have been crying for letting my mind wander down the Patrick and Bryn Hayward path. Coras own loud, choppy laugh joined mine and I was grateful she was with me. Cora had a gift for infusing laughter into any situation.

Hey-a, Bryn? Patrick said, stepping out from behind the prehistorical y large tree in Charles backyard.

Cora and I skidded to a stop in our surprise, but she recovered faster than I did. Lifting her chin, she ignored him, pul ing me away from his tortured looking face and his disheveled looking clothing.

That got my attention more than anything, Patrick had a strict no wrinkles al owed policy when it came to his designer clothes and the only time Id seen his shirt tails sticking out of his slacks had been ... wel , never. If I hadnt been so flustered from being caught near-naked by him, I would have noticed then, but he looked drained, like he hadnt slept in days.

Can I have a second? he asked, staring at me. A second alone? His eyes darted to Coras before settling back on me.

What do you need, Patrick? I asked, wrapping my arms around myself.

I need to say something to you. He swal owed, sweeping his hand through his hair. Its important.

Ha! Cora grunted. Youve said more than enough already this morning. Holy boobs? she quoted. Real y, Patrick? Real y? She tugged on my arm again, trying to break me from the torture coming from Patricks eyes, keeping me rooted where I was.

Bryn? he whispered, sounding defeated. I wasnt sure which scared me more, Patricks demeanor or his tone.

Not now, Patrick, I said, closing my eyes for a few heartbeats to break his gaze. This time when Cora pul ed at me, I was able to break free of my statue-like state. Later, okay?

What if laters too late? he said, more to himself than to me, but it caused my already considerable resignations for tonights outcome to increase.

Id let too much ruin tonight already, I wasnt going to let anything else. Thats just too damn bad, I cal ed back, feeling more awful than empowered.

Patricks only response was driving his fist into the trees wide trunk.

CHAPTER FIVE

DRESS EVASION

Do you think Pervert, I mean Patrick,"Cora shot me an evil grin as we started up her and Josephs walkway"has heard the rumors?

Patrick and rumors? Dont those two go hand in hand like Patrick and conceit? I said, rol ing my eyes to the gray sky. Hes probably the one that started them.

That would be something hed do, Cora said, coming to a stop. What are you going to do if it is Patrick?

Her question stopped me. I inhaled, visualizing drawing in the positive and emptying out the negative. Inhale Wil iam, exhale Patrick. Happy thoughts, happy thoughts.

And then, Wil iam was there, as real in my mind as if he was standing inches in front of me, grinning like only he could. Its not going to be Patrick, I said, confident. So I dont need to worry about Patrick now or ever. Closed book. I looked back at her and an expression of surprise and pride met me. Can we not talk about it anymore?

My lips are sealed. She drew an imaginary zipper across his mouth. So lets go get you ready for your man. Weve transformed Nathanial and Abigails whole second floor into a swanky day spa so we can indulge in some pampering and primping.

Sounds very ... girly, I settled on.

And that sounds like a very Bryn way of saying no, thank you, Cora said, propping a hand on her hip. Are you seriously bailing on us? We wanted to make today extra special for you. She stuck out her lower lip.

Today will be extra special, I said, feeling my confidence growing. And thank you so, so much for putting al that together and thank you for this morning and looking out for Wil iam and me ... It was always hard saying no to Cora, but this one was especial y hard. But I real y need to be alone for a few hours to col ect my wits.

Cora sighed, resigned. Fine, wel get an extra massage in your honor. She gave me a quick hug, topped off by a reassuring smile before turning. If you need a distraction from your wit col ection, you know where to find us.

Wil do, and thanks again, I cal ed after her.

She stopped so abruptly you would have thought shed run into an invisible wal . Oh, dear me, I cant believe I almost forgot.

Forgot what?

She looked at me over her shoulder. Please, Bryn, if you love me like a sister, please tel me you have a formal dress picked out, purchased, and sized appropriately for you.

What I wouldnt give to have such trivial worries instead of the life and death ones that had plagued me my entire life. Have a little faith, I answered, keeping my voice level.

She studied my face, looking for some fissure of deceit. Final y convinced, she said, I have a little bit of faith, so alright,"she nodded her head once"I cant wait to see it. Give me a cal if you need any help getting it zipped or picking a pair of shoes to match or walking once you get into al of it. She winked at the scowl stretching across my face before she did the best run-skip combo Id seen yet. Only Cora could pul off a couple of side braids while skipping through a field without looking ridiculous. Good luck, Bryn! she shouted as she disappeared in the trees.

I make my own luck, I grumbled to the air, turning to prepare myself for a Betrothal to Wil iam Hayward.

So I didnt exactly pass the day in a way that would have pleased Cora. Instead of plucking, waxing, and polishing my way to seven oclock when the Bal official y got underway, I snoozed my way to six forty-five.

The dream that had run on replay the entire eight hours Id been racked out made spending the same amount of time with Cora and her merciless beauty regiment seem like a day at summer camp.

The dream had started out good; great, actual y. I was moving towards a tuxedoed Wil iam, facing away from me in an endless sea of blowing wheat. There was an unfamiliar face smiling at me as I marched towards them, hands clasped between a smal book. I looked down; I was wearing an elaborate dress that looked more like a cupcake frosted with glitter. Cora had obviously had a very prominent position in dress selection.

However, there was no room for me to feel anything but elation that the moment had come at last. Wil iam and I were minutes away from being tied to one another in the most eternal kind of way.

I gave up on walking, breaking into a run over the remaining distance keeping us apart"I wasnt about to let my pastry of a dress stop me. Id no more come to a stop at the absent alter as Wil iam turned to me. He was smiling, like it was the happiest day of his existence ... but it wasnt his mouth or his nose or his eyes"those eyes Id memorized so long ago they were more familiar than my own. Wil iams dark hair faded to a pale blond, fal ing straighter and longer until the man standing before me held nothing left of the man I loved.

Forever, Patrick said, drawing my hands into his.

And thats where the nightmare stopped, rewinding back to me walking clueless down the organic aisle towards the wrong man. This was exactly the thing I didnt need right now. Whatever confidence Id mustered up this morning had vanished, leaving me behind with more uncertainty and near panic than Id felt yet.

I couldnt jump out of bed fast enough, not sure Id ever return to it, just in case it was infected with bad dreams. Thankful Id showered earlier, perhaps knowing it was likely Id sleep late, I rushed to the closet, flinging open the door. I went straight for the shelving unit where my surplus of jeans hid. My hands fel on empty space. My jaw dropped when I saw not a single pair of jeans was left and I didnt have the typical excuse of not doing laundry to blame. Cora. I growled it like a curse word, just as I found a folded note in place of where my beloved jeans had once always been there for me.

Nice try, Bryn. Put on the dress. Now. Or else youll never see your denim friends again.

Love Ya!

Cora

Dont you grumble at me. Its for your own good. I have to save you from your own fashionflawista tendencies.

I grumbled anyways, col apsing down to the ground in my aggravation. I couldnt handle the gown Cora had hanging from its garment bag in the dead center of my closet. I doubted my ability to make it through the night without having a breakdown of epic proportions. I certainly didnt need the added complication of keeping my breathing minimal thanks to the confines of a too-tiny dress. Wil iam loved me, dress or no dress. I didnt care about what anyone else thought.

The scattered lingerie bags in the back of my closet caught my eye, not because I needed to unwil ingly model any more of it, but because the day Id purchased the mass of it, Id also picked out a new pair of jeans. Cora had been in the kitchen gadget/machinery/weaponry store when I got them, so she couldnt know they were there ...

Quick as lightning, I plunged my arms into the mountain of bags, upending them al until the dark denim dropped out of one. Yes! I shouted, raising them to the sky like they were holy. Take that, Cora Hayward. You may try to put a wedge between jeans and me, but you shal fail.

I popped to a stand, squeezing into them before Cora caught word of them on the wind and pried them out of my hands. There wasnt much hope she wouldnt try pul ing them off my body if she found me in this state of fashion incompetence, so I needed to get to the Bal and fast. Even Cora wouldnt cause a scene of jean rage in the middle of her Al iance.

I buttoned up a white linen blouse to the point of decency, but left a couple undone so the sapphire necklace would be on ful display. Wil iams promise months back that this night would come. I pul ed on my brown leather boots and made a run for the front door, peeking over my shoulder every few steps to make sure Cora wasnt expecting this kind of a betrayal from me, waiting to pounce on me.

I broke into an Immortal-speed run as soon as I was through the front door. I emptied my mind of everything except the feel of the night air breaking over my face and the way the ground gave a little at each of my hurried lunges. My confidence may have been next to non-existent regarding how tonight was going to go, but that didnt mean I had to think about it.

The white tent was glowing like something from a dream, obvious in the dark night even from acres away. My throat went dry, knowing the man I loved and the man Id be Betrothed to were waiting inside that tent. I prayed theyd be the same man.

The music streaming from it hit me next, a familiar tune I couldnt name weaving through the Haywards estate, greeting the last few guests trickling into the tent. As I crested the last hil above Charles home, I could see from the acres lined with cars that I was late. Immortals observed punctuality like it was next to godliness. It seemed odd to me that beings who lived forever thought being on time was so important. Its not like they were going any where ... ever.

I walked the rest of the way to the tent, using those precious seconds to pul back my shoulders and hold up my head. If my Council had decided upon upending my future with a technicality, I wasnt going to give them the pleasure of knowing how much theyd beaten me.

There was a perimeter of guards surrounding the tent, spaced every twenty feet or so. Seemed like overkil to me, but if John was eager to get to the Haywards and me, I knew his ego was more than capable of ordering an attack the night of our Al iances Betrothal Bal . Had just the kind of melodramatic flair he ate up.

A couple of guards at the entrance offered me a contrived smile as I made my way in, taking in one final breath of air for good measure. Id gotten no more than a few feet inside the tent glowing with its paper lanterns strung by yours truly when everyone within viewing distance decided to turn their attention to me. Brows arched and tilted, eyes and jaws dropped, fol owed by noses turning their way north, al brought on after my Bal attire was taken in.

At the last Bal , Id stood out because everyone anticipated I was John Townsends Betrothed-to-be; at this one I stood out because I looked like the vagrant that had just wandered into some swanky hotel. I wasnt sure which instance was worse, which was kind of sad considering John Townsend had to be high up on the list of replacements for the lord of the underworld.

I wanted to cross my arms in the worst way, to fold up into myself, but I held my stance, playing the confidence card for al it was worth. I couldnt let anyone make me feel unworthy without my consent; thats what my mother had quoted to me over and over again, even when I rol ed my eyes at her in my teen years, but it was the only thing getting me through this. Even in death, my parents were stil looking out for me and it was this reminder that warmed my heart, reminding me I only cared about the opinions of those I loved. Everyone else could think, stare, and sneer at me to their hearts fil .

A form cut through the jaw-dropped gapers, instantly making me forget every last one of them save for him. Wil iam rushed towards me, stopping inches from me. He was so close I could feel the heat radiating from him. He took me in purposeful y, unapologetic as his eyes roamed down the length of my body. You look breathtaking, he whispered.

You too. Tuxedo becomes you, I whispered back, thankful Id been able to form words with Wil iam packaged in clothing that made him so achingly sexy I wanted to tear it off of him.

Il be right back, he said, winking as he jogged towards the exit.

My look of confusion was al I had for him. Hed likely just gotten here, Id just gotten here, and he was leaving. Already the night was off to a rocky start. Never a good thing to see the man you loved running in the opposite direction.

Five minutes, he mouthed, flashing one hand with his fingers spread wide.

Hurry, I mouthed back, plastering on a smile when my mouth closed. Most of the unwanted attention had fol owed Wil iam out the door, mine included, and didnt return to me once he disappeared. My goodness that man had perfect timing.

I turned to wander around the outside of the tent as the center was packed with bodies mil ing around, glasses in hand, chatting as they complimented the over-the-top dAcor thanks to none other than Miss Jean-Thief herself ...

Cora! I jolted like my hand had been slapped as a five foot nothing figure planted herself in front of me, fuming in a twinkling gown and a French twist.

I am never talking to you again, she seethed. You hear me? Never again.

I opened my mouth to respond, but she was on a rol . What is this exactly? she said, gesturing up and down my body.

Eh, clothing? I responded, looking down to make sure her and I were seeing the same thing.

Wel , its hideous and utterly inappropriate for the second biggest night of your existence. Her hands were bouncing on her hips"she was reaching her upper agitation limit. Once the foot-tapping accompanied the peaked brows, wide eyes, flushed skin, and hip holding, it was downhil from there. Where, might I ask, is the vintage Chanel evening gown I had over-nighted from Paris the day after I found out you would be Betrothed so it could be painstakingly hand-tailored for you?

Shed put a lot of effort, thought, time, and likely money into the dress I hadnt even bothered to take a look at. I immediately regretted my decision to not at least have taken a peek at the gown"I owed her that. Let me offer you a heartfelt Im sorry before I answer that, I said, putting my words together careful y because Coras silk wrapped frame was nearing its eruption point.

Where. Is. It? The words seeped between her clenched teeth.

I winced preemptively. Back in my room? I was incapable of making a reply without ending it with a question mark when Cora was like this.

I am going to go get that dress right now. She bobbed her finger to the beat of her words. And you are going to wear it. End of story.

Man, Ive got good timing. Im not sure if Patrick had crept up behind me by teleporting or using his own two legs because Id been too caught up in Coras one sided cat fight. End of story with this conversation"he pointed between the two of us before gesturing between me and him"beginning of story for our conversation. Without another word, Patrick clasped my hand in his, pul ing me away from Cora without apology.

I am not done with her, Patrick Hayward, Cora cal ed out after us.

Without slowing or looking back, Patrick answered, Give it a rest, Cora. Ive got something of actual importance I need to discuss with Bryn.

Im not sure if Cora had a response for that"but I guessed she did and it wasnt cordial"because Patrick pul ed me down the narrow canvas hal way leading into the outdoor tent equivalent of a coat closet.

Whats going on? I asked like I had no clue, although I had a rather large one.

He didnt answer, he just kept marching forward until we were swimming in an ocean of varying shades of dark-colored wool and silk jackets.

Enough with the drama already, Patrick, I snapped, pul ing my hand away from his, although the death-grip he had it in didnt loosen, but he stopped. Youre freaking me out.

He spun around, his face as intense as Id ever seen it. Super, this night had just gone from the outside to the inside ring of hel . Sorry. Im not trying to freak you out, he said, letting go of my hand to run it through his perfectly straight hair. Ive been trying to get a minute with you al day, but since youve done an exemplary job of avoiding me"his eyes accused me in unison with his tone"I had to resort to extreme measures because Ive run out of time. Ive got to say this to you before or else youre never going to believe me, he finished, peering up at me like he was scared to make eye contact.

Before what exactly? I had no problem making eye contact with him, glaring my warning his way.

He blew out a long puff of air. Before were Betrothed.

CHAPTER SIX

MRS. (FILL IN THE BLANK) HAYWARD

I took a step back, my glare fal ing to the floor. I dont know what youre talking about. Wil iam and I are being Betrothed tonight.

Patrick let out a single note of laughter. Sure, honey. Keep tel ing yourself that. Too bad youre going to be crashing back down to reality in about thirty minutes.

I took another step back, crashing into a rack of coats. Patrick righted me, then the rack, before both spil ed to the ground. Im warning you right now, Patrick, I said, snapping my arm back from his grip.

Oh, shut up, Bryn, Patrick said, squeezing his eyes closed. You might be able to pul this demanding crap on my brother, but youve met your match in me.

Dont do this, I begged.

Patrick continued, I need you to stay quiet for one minute, sixty seconds, so I can get this out. Think you can manage that?

No, Im certain I cant manage that, I said, doing my best impersonation of looking tough. Especial y if what you want to say to me has anything to do with the crazy talk you prior mentioned.

He rol ed his eyes, unaffected at my best attempts at toughness. Youre not going to stay silent and listen to what I have to say?

No. You have some sort of handicap that prevents you from comprehending no the first time? My tone was toxic, but stil , Patrick remained undeterred.

Fine, if you wont cooperate, Il have to help you in experiencing the whole silence is golden motto.

I turned to leave, sure I couldnt handle another word from him, when he suddenly appeared in my path, this time aided by teleportation without a doubt. Without warning, his hand covered my mouth, effectively silencing my rebuttal. Im sorry I have to do this, but I have to say this to you first or else youl never believe me after the fact.

If I wouldnt have been so surprised by his hand clamping over my mouth and his words, I would have been able to come up with some snarky comment to throw in his face, but it was when his forehead lined the way Id never seen it before that I knew I was in trouble.

Theres no roundabout way to say this, he said, staring without blinking into my eyes. I love you, alright? Now before you go al femme fatale on me, hear me out.

I wouldnt have been more shocked if hed just confessed a life of monk-like celibacy was for him. I wanted to break free and run away, forget this whole thing had happened, but Patricks vulnerability was magnetic.

He inhaled, the lines of his face ironing out. I know Im not what you want, I know that. I know my loves not good enough. I know Im not good enough, he paused, digging his tongue into his cheek. Regardless, thats the way I feel and I needed you to know. Im sorry. His apology was sincere, free of the usual Patrick undertone. Il see you out there. Releasing his hand from my mouth, he turned to leave me drowning in the sea of coats and recent revelations.

Why are you tel ing me this? I whispered, deflated.

He stopped mid-step, turning back to me. Would you have believed me if I said it after we were Betrothed?

I had nothing but silence as an answer for him.

Precisely my point, he said, gesturing at me in answer. Youd say it was contrived ... forced. Wel , now you know.

What about Sierra? I asked, sure I wasnt hearing this right. I thought you guys had something going on.

Shes like gasoline to my fire, he said, shaking his head. She a great girl, but I need someone who can douse water on me and calm the fire, not enflame it even more.

Patrick,"there was no gentle way to put this"I love Wil iam. Theres nothing I, him, or you can do to change that.

Dont you think I bloody wel know that? he said, his voice tight. Im not asking you to stop loving Wil iam and fal in love with me. I couldnt do that to him and I wouldnt do that to you.

So what am I suppose to do with this newfound knowledge? I cried. I realize the majority of Immortality had been confounding for me, but this was the clincher. How could Patrick loving me while I loved Wil iam result in a happy ending?

Ive got a plan, he said careful y.

If I had a wish granted for every time you said that and your plan went haywire, Id be the luckiest woman in the world instead of the current unluckiest.

Dont make me have to take necessary force with you to make you be quiet again, he said. Because despite my history of plan failure, this one Im fairly certain youl be on board with.

I crossed my arms. Since I know refusing is pointless, Im al ears.

If we are Betrothed and, whether you want to admit it to yourself or not, we both know its more than likely given Wil iams and your past attempts at happily ever after, Il request a transfer. Somewhere far away from the Council and our Al iance. Some place where wel be nothing but exceedingly good looking foreigners. While there was never an opportune time for Patricks teasing, this was no time. Ive got enough seniority and experience the Council wil pretty much grant me any transfer request.

How is moving halfway around the world a good plan for our bad situation? The thought of leaving behind Wil iam and his family with no one other than Patrick in tow was something even my cruelest thoughts wouldnt conceive of.

Patrick squeezed the bridge of his nose. If youd shut up for two seconds and let me finish my thoughts, youd find out.

Im sorry, Patrick, I am. Im sorry you think were going to be Betrothed and Im sorry you love me and Im sorry I dont love you back, I shouted, biting at my lip. But al Ive ever wanted was Wil iam. I want to be with him, not you. And youre tel ing me were going to pack up and move away from him, meaning Wil iam and I wil not be together, and youre expecting me to stay quiet about it?

You and Wil iam will be together, he said, not reciprocating my agitation.

I was obviously missing something. Come again?

He sighed, folding his hands into his white tuxedos pockets. Only Patrick would have the confidence to pick a white tux and actual y pul it off.

You heard me. Wil iam and you can be together. Together, together"if you catch my drift. The sky-high position of his brows and impish smile clarified. I wont touch you, save for maybe clamping my hand over your mouth when you wont see reason and maybe swatting your butt with a dishrag from time to time.

Thanks for tel ing me you wont touch me, since thats completely your choice to make, I said, scowling at him. But in case you decided to change your mind, Ive got this handy little unwanted male touch device that zaps whoevers dumb enough to try.

Patrick laughed a few notes, clearly not impressed. Your death threats are ever so inspiring, but if you could rein in the venom and sarcasm for a second or two, what I said might set in.

A few seconds ticked by where neither one of us spoke before Patrick said, Get it yet?

Get what?

You wil be United, with me ... Patrick said, leaning towards me.

Gross. How does you and I being"I coughed" united hold up on your bargain of not touching me because I can guarantee you if you even try to" You always get so concerned with the unimportant details, you miss the big picture. Kiss, he said, leaning closer.

What? I shouted, lunging backwards.

Keep it simple stupid. Kiss, he explained, shrugging.

There is nothing simple about this. I looked at him. Stupid.

He grinned at my term of endearment. Try this simple on for size. Being United, everyone wil expect your eyes to change to sapphire.

I felt nauseous. And?

No one wil need to know who was the responsible for the change, he said. Its not like the name of who deflowered you is tattooed on your irises for the Council to read.

What ... I whispered, letting what hed just said sink in. Are you saying what I think you are?

If it involves you and Wil iam getting it on while I lie alone crying myself to sleep every night, then yes.

This was too much information to take in within ten minutes time. Everything had changed between Patrick and me and I wasnt sure if we could ever get back to where wed been. But what about you?

Il be alright. I always am, he shrugged it off, but I could see he was touched by my concern. Unfortunately, Id been concerned about something else.

Your eyes, I said reviewing the pale color. I think someone would notice if mine changed and yours didnt.

Il figure something out, he said. Ive got everything figured out. I dont want you to worry about anything, okay? He placed his arms around me and gave me a quick hug. Your last name wil be Hayward, you can be with Wil iam every minute of every day if you want. His face turned a few shades of red. And every night for that matter.

For al the digs I made at Patrick, Id always known he was a good man. Whereas Wil iam wore his goodness on top of his skin, Patrick wore his beneath, but Id never doubted it, even when wed been at our worst after Id left Wil iam in my efforts to protect him. But now, after confessing the sacrifice he was wil ing to make for Wil iam and me to be together, I realized Id severely underestimated just how deep his goodness ran.

Youd do that for him? My voice broke, but I wasnt embarrassed to let Patrick see the emotions hed invoked in me. He deserved to see me in my raw form.

He nodded once, staring into my eyes. And for you.

I didnt verbalize it, but the why was written on every wrinkle of my expression.

Because I love my brother more than I love myself and I have that nauseating Id do anything just to see you smile kind of love for you. He rol ed his eyes to lighten the mood, but my guess was it had more to do with keeping the glassiness in his eyes from spil ing over. Who would have guessed Id turn into such a romantic, right? Or an insufferable martyr?

I might have, I said, stil feeling like I hadnt caught up to the conversation yet. In his own twisted, thoughtful way, Patrick had managed to make whatever outcome came from tonight bearable. Even a Betrothal to him meant being with Wil iam. It was a win-win, although things would be infinitely simpler if it was Wil iams name paired with mine. Things like living in the house Wil iam had built for us, family dinners, holidays, Al iance functions, leaving everything and everyone behind for some far-off place, but al that aside, Patrick had given me Wil iam no matter what. Thats al that mattered anyways. Wed work out the details as we always did, on the fly.

I dont know what to say ... I bit my lip, not having the first idea how to go about thanking someone for such a gift as Patrick had given me.

Dont say anything. Besides, Im kinda digging this state of confoundedness youre lost in. He grinned. Its nice youve final y decided to stay quiet and listen now that Im done saying what I need to.

I was thankful Patrick was able to diffuse the moment with his sarcasm. Does Wil iam know?

Patricks head tilted. Is my head stil firmly attached to my neck?

At present, I said, keeping my smile from forming.

Precisely. Do you think it would be if I told him I was in love with his girl? It was a rhetorical question, but those were the fun ones to answer since no one ever expected a response.

Heck no, I said, not sure why I was able to conjure up a laugh after everything that had transpired between Patrick and me, but Im sure it had something to do with Patricks easy-going way. He approached everything like it was no big deal, nothing to get al worked up over, professing love to his brothers woman included. So what now?

I asked, sure he had something in mind.

He spread his arms wide. We hug it out.

I went into his arms, wrapping my own around him and squeezing into a ful -blown bear hug. Youve got to be one of the most thoughtful, sweetest, kindest men Ive ever known.

Eh, yeah ... he said, sounding stern. Thats one rumor we dont want getting out into the public. Keep the lid on that one, wil ya, sister? I mean, woman I love,"he shook his head once"I mean, my brothers soul mate"another head shake"I mean, my future Betrothed. One more head shake, fol owed by, I dont know what to cal you any more.

I smiled against his chest. Bryn works.

Stil trying to sweep my girl off her feet, the voice I loved most cal ed out behind me. Hows that working out for you? Wil iams voice was light as can be, no seriousness in it.

I think Im gaining ground, Patrick answered, giving me a final squeeze before releasing me. You better watch your six, brother.

Wil iam chuckled, aware of nothing that had transpired between Patrick and me other than our embrace, although his ignorance wouldnt last long. I couldnt keep something like this from him.

I leave you alone for five minutes and a guys already tried to step into my place. He shook his head like he didnt know what to do with me, although I knew from experience he knew exactly what to do with me.

Wil iam, wow, nice digs, Patrick let out a cat-cal sounding whistle. You real y outdid yourself getting dressed tonight.

Id been so obsessed with staring into his face, I hadnt noticed anything else. Letting my eyes slide south, a light blue crew-neck shirt had replaced the black jacket, a pair of dark blue boardshorts replaced the black slacks, and a pair of sandals were where a shiny pair of black leather shoes had been minutes ago.

He did a twirl for us. Yeah, wel , everyone I saw was in casual wear, so I decided to take the monkey suit off and join the crowd.

My brows slanted down as he slung his elbow behind my neck, pul ing me to him. Im the only one out there in casual wear, or cotton and non-designer for that matter.

Exactly, he lowered his voice. Everyone I saw was going casual.

I cast a quick look down at my outfit and then did another not so quick look at Wil iams. I was more business casual where hed taken it down a couple notches more to beach casual.

You did this to deflect attention from me, didnt you? I said, pul ing on the hem of his tee.

Nothing ashamed about it, he answered, Maybe.

There was no maybe about it. Everything Wil iam did was intentional. Thank you, I said as my lips thanked him with a peck on the cheek.

Its not as noble a gesture as you might think, he began, the partial wince of chagrin setting in now. I didnt want you to feel uncomfortable of course, but more than that, I didnt want to give every un-United guy in our Al iance an excuse to be checking you out al night. He cupped his hand over the canyon of my back. Thats my job.

Patrick shifted, looking away from us. Il leave you two alone. Nice talking with ya, Bryn. He flashed a smile my way as he started down the hal way.

Wait for us, Wil iam cal ed after him, fitting his hand over mine. Ive been waiting for this night for two hundred years. Im not about to miss it.

I laughed as he threw me piggy-back style on his back and jogged up to Patrick, whod turned to wait for us in the hal . He was stil smiling, but his eyes refused to look at the two of us gal oping and laughing down the hal .

Eager much? I said, turning my attention back to Wil iam. I wasnt going to let Patricks and my conversation ruin the time I got to share with Wil iam when he was like this.

Carefree and hopeful and bursting at the seams with happiness. These were rare moments life didnt give out readily"they were not meant to be experienced half-heartedly.

Like you wouldnt believe, Wil iam answered, tilting his head back towards me just enough I was able to connect my lips with his. However, no matter how much I wished the hal would have been infinite, we were yards away from spil ing out into the tent fil ed to capacity with Immortals that would not look favorably on two unBetrothed members of their society locked at the lips, chosen one or not.

So what were you two doing in the coat closet? Wil iam asked, shoving Patrick to the side without any real force.

Barely swaying, Patrick stuck his hands in his pockets and grinned at the empty hal before us. I was professing my undying love to her.

I would have skidded to a stop had I not been attached to Wil iams back. I shot Patrick a glare that he didnt miss. Patricks approach of hiding the truth in plain sight had thrown me. I was planning on tel ing Wil iam and I was certain Patrick knew I would, but now wasnt the time. Not with Patrick so close and hundreds of Immortals to serve as witnesses to Wil iam decapitating his brother.

Join the club, Wil iam replied good-naturedly, taking it as a joke as Patrick had intended.

Patrick glanced back at me, his smugness not meant to be missed.

We al came to a stop at the closed door at the hal ways end. I was stil wrapped around him, but I already missed Wil iams closeness.

Unless you want around a thousand Immortals to witness you ..."Patrick stared at our positioning, amused" riding Wil iam, Id suggest dismounting, cowgirl.

Wil iam released my legs at the same time I unwound my arms from his neck. Standing on firm ground, Id never felt so unstable.

Here we go, Patrick said, pushing open the door. How about this Betrothal Bal , we do our best to blend in?

The trio of us shared a remembered grin as we ducked through the door. Our smiles faded in the same amount of time it took the gazes of those closest to us to look the three of us over like we were a science experiment gone wrong.

Way to blend in, Wil iam muttered over to us.

Its the tux, I stated, looking to the side. The dude waiting at the pearly gates cal ed, Patrick. He said he wants his glowing white suit back.

This is imported silk, hand-tailored, and cost a fortune. If anyone even tries to take this baby from me,"he ran his fingers up to his col ar, popping it up rock-star style"divinity no exception, Il throw down.

Hate to break up the two of your stimulating conversation happening here, Wil iam whispered over to us, but were only drawing more attention.

Maybe we should mingle a bit?

Wel if you two werent dressed for some runway show for Wal-Mart, they wouldnt be staring, Patrick snapped, sliding one hand into his jacket pocket. Actual y, wait, Im with you. Of course theyd be staring.

Wil iam sighed, beginning to weave through the crowds. Goodbye, Patrick. He looked back at me and I knew from that alone he was asking me to come with him, wishing he could lead me around the room with his hand rooted at the smal of my back.

I fol owed after him. Wel stop stealing your thunder, I said back to Patrick.

He grabbed hold of my eyes and didnt let them go. Whats thunder without his trusty sidekick lightning?

Patrick may have been a mystery to a lot of people, but he was easy to read for me and I didnt need further clarification as to where he was going with this. A loud, booming noise alone in the dark, I answered him, keeping it light.

Ouch, was his only response as he disappeared into the crowd.

I turned and hurried my pace to catch up to Wil iam, wishing I could pause for a minutes time to enjoy the result of the endless hours Abigail, Cora, and I had sacrificed planning this thing.

When Joseph lunged in front of Wil iam, his face so serious he looked more like his older clone than Id ever seen him, I knew stopping to enjoy the fruits of our labors wasnt going to be happening any time soon.

Because I love you both and dont want to see you suffer a slow, painful death, Im going to give you a warning, although if you tel Cora Im the one that told you, Im a dead man, Joseph said, his voice low and hurried. Or at least never sharing a bed with my wife for the rest of eternity.

Whats up, Joseph? Wil iam asked, angling his body at me. The only intimacy we were al owed in public.

Joseph leaned in, scanning the area like he expected her to materialize from thin air. Coras on her way here with a gown in hand and a glower that could bring John Townsend to his knees. He stood up tal er, something catching his eyes back at the entrance. I take that back. Coras here with a gown in hand and a glower that could bring the god of the underworld to his knees. Joseph smiled between the two of us, gathering us into a quick embrace. My advice to you would be"a look over our shoulders resulted in the amplification of his eyes"run!

I heard Coras rol ing grumble as Wil iam grabbed my hand and ran the two of us through the tent, dodging circles of Immortals so deep in conversation they didnt notice us. Reaching the opposite end of the tent, we crouched behind a debutante width bal skirt. Wil iam glanced over at me, his eyes playful and excited, like there wasnt anything better than dodging an angry sister-in-law with me.

You two real y are made for each other, a demure voice said as the wide skirt rotated towards us. In an attire"Abigails eyes sparkled as she looked down at the two of us, arms encircling one another"and an Immortal code inappropriate kind of way, youre perfect for each other.

Might I compliment your gown selection, Abigail? Wil iam whispered, looking up. In addition to making you even more stunning than usual, it serves as an effective means of evading Cora.

Abigail grinned, running her hands down her dress. Why, thats exactly what I considered when purchasing it. She looked at me. It seems the two of you could use al the help you can get.

Youre astute and an angel, Abby, Wil iam said, looking up at Nathanials overbearing form.

You guys real y think thats the best idea? Nathanial asked, his deep voice as quiet as it would go as he took in the two of us huddled behind his wife. Its not like youre Betrothed.

Wil iam and I glared at him in unison.

... yet, he added, smiling despite his recent reprimand. You guys real y dressed to un-impress, didnt you?

A teleported Patrick appeared right beside me. Shes coming, he warned, grabbing my hand and pul ing me away, crouching low in his hurried state. I told you to watch your six, he hol ered back at Wil iam, who was looking shock-faced at the two of us, because Cora had found us so fast or because Patrick had pried me from him, I wasnt sure.

Aha! an equal y proud and furious voice exclaimed. Gotcha! I was grabbed by the shirt col ar and spun around, no measure of gentleness in it, to find Cora with the garment bag in one hand and Joseph pul ed along by her other. Joseph had underestimated her glower. Vastly underestimated.

You hold her down, she dictated to her apologetic faced husband. Il dress her.

I dont think thats necess ... Wil iam started, coming to my rescue before Coras slit eyes leapt to him.

I am a woman on the verge, Wil iam Hayward, she snapped, annunciating each word sharper than the prior. Do not mess with me.

Wil iams face of shock was worth the inconvenience of Cora chasing me around. You would have thought shed just told him she was giving up coffee, designer clothing, and Joseph from the wide-eyed look he was giving her.

You,"she snapped her finger my way"are coming with me.

The music stopped at the same time someone clanged a butter knife against Abigails precious Italian crystal. I couldnt see her, but I knew the look she was giving the crystal assaulter.

Ladies and gentlemen, Charles voice cut through the crowd without the assistance of a microphone. Coras fingers and expression dropped from me as she turned her attention to the center of the tent ... Id never been so relieved to hear Charles voice interrupting a conversation. Please take your seats. The announcement of the Betrothals is about to begin.

I had that stomach dropping sensation times about a thousand. Patrick looked like he was experiencing the same thing. Actual y, as I scanned the faces of the Haywards surrounding me, they al had varying degrees of the same sort of feeling lined on their faces.

That was, except for Wil iam. He was beaming like Id never seen him, no measure of uncertainty to mar the upcoming announcements. His eyes swept over to me, his smile dropping ever so slightly when he recognized anxiety in my eyes. Whats wrong? he whispered.

It was heart-breaking to watch his overjoyed reaction dim. I didnt want to imagine how it would feel to watch him crushed when ... if ... Patricks name was cal ed out instead of his.

I manufactured a smile, feeling al of the Haywards eyes on me, wondering how I was going to respond. Nothing. Just pre-Betrothal jitters.

I felt the combined sigh of relief from those around me. Wil iam centered himself in front of me, running a hand down my face. The Haywards acted appropriately and quickly, pul ing tight together, forming a shelter against any wandering eyes.

Forever is moments away, he breathed, his lips wanting to connect with mine so badly I could feel his hunger. Il meet you out there. His eyes jolted to the vacated dance floor before flashing a wink at me and taking off in the direction of his father.

Hed been granted an eighth seat at the table of seven, not as a Council member, but as the recently embraced chosen one.

Il see you out there, I whispered, chasing away the tears before they could surface.

Without warning, Cora flung herself at me, throwing the gown bag at Joseph and tossing her arms around me. Good luck, she whispered, her voice tight. Were al here for you, no matter what. Just as quickly, she broke free and headed for the Haywards table, dabbing her eyes with the sides of her fingers.

Josephs parting smile was worth more than any words of reassurance he could have mustered.

Abigail came up beside me, weaving her elbow through mine. The underskirt of her bal gown rustled as she leaned into me. Believe with your whole heart it wil happen, she said, not whispering like Id expected when shed leaned into me. She wanted me to hear this, loud and clear. And so it shal . Patting my hand, she smiled before fol owing after Cora and Joseph.

Nathanial squeezed my shoulder in passing, genuine yet stil awkward as Nathanial and I remained cool acquaintances, although I knew at the heart of it al , he wanted his brother happy and, since that meant being with me, Nathanial had embraced me as another member of his family.

I had to remind myself how to walk as I made my way to my table, situated directly across the dance floor from the Council table, and as I found my place seating from the sand dol ar cal igraphied with my name, I found I was directly across from Wil iam. He didnt miss it either. His eyes grabbed me as he rose from his chair, making a slight bow my direction.

That man has it so bad for you, a voice lilted beside me, breaking my attention from the man stil smiling like a lunatic at me.

Ive got it worse for him, I said, smiling over at Sierra before scanning the other faces around the table. I didnt recognize most of them, but the three guys in between Sierra and me had accompanied Wil iam on a couple of his missions out in the medical field.

Excited? one of the guys asked me.

I gave it my best try at responding with an expression that said I didnt know what he was talking about.

Wil iam talks in his sleep, he explained, shrugging his hulking shoulders. If he isnt moaning your name, hes sighing about a Betrothal. His friend to the right elbowed him, but it was more one of those that was encouraging him on that tel ing him to shut up. Ive spent a lot of time with Wil iam in the field. Hes the best man Ive ever known. Youre a lucky woman.

His friend throwing elbows scanned me with peaked brows. Hes a luckier man.

Yes, yes. We al know Bryn is the height of al woman-dom and youd saw off your left testicle to have her. As always, Sierras way with words had a way of bringing on a communal cringe to any conversation. But Wil iam would rip off the rest of your manhood for even thinking about that, so lets shut our traps and show a little respect?

The men hadnt made me feel al that uncomfortable, other than the eyebrow-elbow ones once over, but I shot Sierra a smile of appreciation.

She answered back with a pistol shot hand gesture and a click of her mouth.

The smal talk was abruptly over as a hush fel over the room and the table of men across from me rose in unison. My body ran numb down to my toes and a nervous energy was buzzing with such strength I pul ed the linen napkin into my lap to wring some of it out.

Good evening, my friends, Charles stated, glancing around the room, his eyes the warmest Id seen them as he seemed to acknowledge everyone. Ive never been a man of words, nor particularly good with those words I choose,"a soft laughter of assent echoed through the tent"so why dont we get to the heart of why were al here? he said, pul ing out a piece of paper from the inside of his jacket.

The room went fuzzy in that old-school black and white static television kind of way. It felt quite possible I was on the verge of passing out for a record second time as an Immortal and it wasnt something on my list of things I wanted to do in front of every last member in our Al iance. That would be something theyd never forget. Literal y.

I heard a clearing of the throat that was as recognizable as it was obvious, but it gave me the break I needed in my overwhelmed state to look up, right at him.

Charles paused mid-unfolding and turned his head to his son.

Excuse me, Wil iam said, a smile pul ing his mouth into position.

Charles head shook, but there was no disapproval in it; he looked more amused than anything. Wil iams stare returned to me and he let out the most non-existent kind of winks. Hed succeeded in getting my attention turned elsewhere than on my trepidations about whose name was planted next to Bryn Dawsons on the sheet in Charles hand.

Standing with his hands clasped in front of him, at the end of our seven council members dressed in tuxes, Id understood why hed wanted to get my attention. His surf attire stood out as much as he did in a room and, next to the stark black and white al around him, it brought a laugh to the surface. Thankful y I was able to restrain most of it before what was left surfaced as a hiccup.

I saw Sierra having to work at containing her own laughter then, but Charles pretended not to notice. One guttural outburst was enough for him for one Betrothal announcement.

If there are no more interruptions, Charles said, raising his eyebrows in Wil iams direction, eliciting another echo of laughter from the room. It gives me great pleasure to announce the first Betrothal of the night.

I was pretty sure my name would be last on that list again, because a. they liked the idea of torturing me for as long as possible, b. they wanted to make their chosen ones Betrothal a grand finale, c. they wanted to make sure al the Betrothals were announced before Wil iam tore the room apart when Patrick and my name were paired, or d. al of the above ... except for b.

Miss Bryn Dawson is hereby and forever Betrothed to, Charles cal ed out, eyes pul ing me out of the crowd, just in time for my face to fal . Heres what I should have calculated in my Betrothal line-up"when the Council was involved, always expect the unexpected.

A few moments passed in silence as I felt al the eyes in the room bearing down on me, as if they were waiting for me to do something. If it wasnt passing out, I wasnt sure what they wanted or if I was capable of it in this present mess.

Charles gestured his hand up, signaling me to rise. I offered him a forced smile, popping up so quickly my knees hit the table on my way up, rattling the tables china. I heard an obvious snicker coming from the Haywards table to the right of the Council table and I didnt need to look to know it was coming from a white tux.

My cheeks flushed to ful red as I tried to force composure. I was going to face whatever future the Council had set before me with strength and courage. My eyes flitted back to Wil iam and he was already side-stepping around the table in anticipation, he was that confident it was him. At the same time I noticed a shifting in a seat a table over. It was kind of hard to miss it with the blaring white tux he was exhibiting. His hands braced over the table, preparing to rise ... he was that confident it was him.

No matter what the outcome was, one person was going to leave heart-broken. I would have given anything to keep both Patrick and Wil iam from heartache, but there was only one who would crush my soul to see in such a state.

Charles continued, choosing to play ignorant of his sons assured movements, Have I inserted enough of a dramatic pause? He grinned into the folds of the paper in his hand as another shot of laughter rol ed through the crowd of Immortals on the edge of their seats.

Mr...... I heard the col ective holding of breath throughout the entire tent as I took my own. Charles eyes lifted, right into mine, and he smiled. One that was warm and welcoming, one Id never seen turned in my direction. I knew who the name was a heartbeat before it fel from Charles mouth.

Wil iam Hayward.

My knees gave out beneath me along with the rest of me. Thankful y, my chair caught me before the ground did. There was an explosion of clapping and a few hol ers of congratulations thrown out, but the only thing I real y took notice of was Wil iams victorious figure coming for me. And he wasnt walking towards our eternity together, he was running.

He was lifting me off the chair and carrying me out to the dance floor before I had a chance to replay the name that had been cal ed out in my head. Wil iam. William ... and me. Betrothed.

Wil iam lowered me to the floor, slowly and intimately and, before I could do a stupification clearing of my head with a few shakes, his lips were on mine, unyielding and unrestrained. That was a more effective means of clearing my mind and, despite my state of shock, I did what any self-respecting Immortal girl would have ... I gripped my fingers in his shirt, pul ed him closer, and kissed him harder.

The room exploded with hoots and hol ers, cheering us on. A few more seconds of mind-numbing kissing ensued before Wil iam released me.

His eyes were sparkling as I saw the reflection of my own doing the same. Dance with me? he whispered, running his hand down my back until it fitted over my hip. Forever? he added while I ran my hand down his arm until it folded into his.

And then some, was my only answer as he pul ed me tightly to him, leading me across the dance floor as only he could.

The room ratcheted up a few levels in noise; it had to be nearing the crystal shattering point. As I scanned the room, not a single body wasnt cheering or jumping up and down, the Hayward table the wildest of them al .

Except for one.

Patricks eyes found me, gripping mine to him, wanting me to see the genuineness on his face. He nodded once as a smile broke slowly over his face. Folding his hands into his pockets, he turned to walk away and was swal owed whole by the crowd.

CHAPTER SEVEN

BETROTHED ... AGAIN

I hadnt been out of Wil iams arms since I first went into them several hours back at the announcement of our Betrothal. It stil hadnt settled in yet, so whenever hed planted a lingering kiss on me, I found myself throwing a nervous glance around us because earlier this same night, wed technical y no more belonged to each other than I did to the freckle-faced boy twirling like a top beside us on the dance floor. Yet here we were, my head resting against his chest as we swayed to the music and no one cared, not even the Council. Wel , no one cared in that you two are in so much trouble way.

After the first few dozen discovered Wil iam wasnt going to release me to step into their congratulatory embraces, the remainder of the crowd settled for patting him on the shoulder and a lucky few received high fives. And thered been no shortage of wel wishers since we were the only couple that had been Betrothed. Smack in the center of the limelight, the place I tried to avoid at al costs, but something about knowing this entire event had been orchestrated for nothing other than extending Wil iam and me a promise of forever made al the attention we were getting easier to be gracious about.

May I cut in? Joseph sauntered up to Wil iam and me, stil lost in our own little world. I knew separating was inevitable, but it didnt make it easier to execute. At least a dance with my future brother-in-law was one of the better reasons to leave the arms of Wil iam Hayward.

I tried pressing through Wil iams embrace and I might as wel have been banded to him by a six inch thick layer of steel. His expression was appal ed, eyeing Joseph as if hed just asked if he could drive a dagger through my heart. I thought you understood the way it was, Wil iam said to Joseph, attempting to sound severe. I wil never wil ingly surrender her into another mans arms.

Joseph was failing to hide the same smile I was holding at bay. What if she willingly decides to leave your arms? he asked, looking to me for some help.

Hed have to keep looking. Sorry, Joseph, I said, replacing my head against Wil iams chest. I was just promised an eternity together with this man and I take that in a strictly literal sense. Besides, I wouldnt want to go against what the Council has ordered. Id found my admiration for the Council had increased in vast quantities since their Chancel ors little announcement.

Yeah, Joseph threw his hands up in the air, turning to retrieve his wife from Hectors best attempts at waltzing. Its not like youve done nothing but approve of the Councils orders.

Hey, Wil iam cal ed over to Joseph who was in the middle of dipping Cora. No need to get al mouthy with my girl. Looking down at me, his eyes went soft. Thats my job.

When his mouth touched mine, time didnt only stand stil , it unraveled in an endless spool before us. There would be no more fleeting kisses, no more stolen moments, no more sneaking away to be alone"unless we wanted it"no more wondering if Id have to watch the man I loved spend his life with another. I sighed between our combined lips, bliss in every thought and touch.

Easy there, kil er, Nathanial said, leaning into us as he and Abigail danced their way towards us. Theres a time and place for that and the time is after your Union and the place is in your bedroom.

Abigail covered her husbands mouth. Dont listen to him. The two of you together like this ..."she searched over us with her eyes"wel , its beautiful. Dont waste a second of it.

Not planning on it, Wil iam answered, a hand grazing up to the nape of my neck as he pul ed me back to him, his lips and h*ps moving with skil to the music.

So fantastic, you guys are Betrothed, Cora interjected, steering Joseph in our direction. Lets move on to important things here, like dress selection.

I sighed my exasperation against Wil iams mouth before looking over at her. Whatever grudge shed held against me for coming to the social event of the decade dressed like an outfit-impaired imbecile had melted. Wil iam opened his mouth, likely to come to my rescue, before Cora barreled ahead. We need to book our tickets, like yesterday, for New York or Milan or Paris" Not Paris, I warned, trying to hold back the memories of a skuzzy apartment, a skuzzier bar, and a team of Immortals sent to destroy.

Fine, fine, Cora said unaffected. Paris is overrated anyways. My point is we need to be on a plane tomorrow, select a dress tomorrow night, have it tailored and ready to go in a week tops"

Cora, I would have shaken her if it hadnt required removing my hands from where they were hitched into the back of Wil iams boardshorts. We were Betrothed like two minutes ago. Whats the rush?

The coming together of four sets of brows were the only answer I was offered.

What? I asked, growing impatient. What are you guys not tel ing me? I, of course, was already jumping to the worst conclusions.

The Betrothal period is short, Abigail began, getting high marks for bravery. Lasting only a couple weeks, if not days, before a Unity ceremony is conducted.

Id perfected the face of shock tonight, wearing it again at Abigails announcement.

With someone as notorious as Wil iam is, the Council wont want to wait long, Abigail continued more careful y. Likely due to the Immortal blood draining from my face. I give it a week, maybe ten days tops.

Cora leaned in, looking me in the eyes. Youre Betrothed to Wil iam tonight, only to be United with him in a matter of days. She was practical y squealing in her excitement. Can you believe it?

United united, Joseph implied, his ful beam of a smile on display as he raised his arms to the roof. Woot, woot!

Ive told you a mil ion times, Joseph, Cora scolded in her usual fashion"with a smile. You are not a rapper with nothing more than a first name.

Wait, I said, unwrapping one arm from Wil iam to glom onto Coras outstretched arm. Youre tel ing me I wil be Mrs. Wil iam Hayward sometime in the next couple weeks?

Yes. Cora drew out her reply into a few syl ables, casting a concerned look at Abigail.

Whatever happened to a long engagement ... or Betrothal?

It took a backseat when you were Betrothed to the man of your dreams, Cora answered instantly, looking me over like Id gotten a bad case of crazy fever. Its the traditional way of doing things. You recent Mortals used to do precisely the same thing before you decided to make an engagement a drawn out affair. When you know who you want to be with, why would you wait to actual y be with them?

Theres a reason for that, you know, I fired back. These kinds of events take a lot of time to plan, not to mention if you want to book a venue that doesnt include the local Dennys parking lot, you need a years lead time since anything thats worth renting is booked at least that far in advance.

I was hardly going to be one of those brides that had to have just the right everything or else ... I didnt care just so long as Wil iam, me, and some sort of officient was there to bind us together, but I was having a tough time wrapping my mind around it being only days away"for a lot of reasons.

Since when did you turn into a walking Brides magazine? Cora snickered, glancing over at Abigail with a can you believe this? expression.

Come on, quit acting so conventional already. We al know you would have sawed yourself in half to be Betrothed to Wil iam and we also know youd light the mutilated leftovers on fire to be United with him. Cora leaned to the side of Josephs hold, looking expectantly at me. United with him! she hol ered, stomping a stilettoed heel into the dance floor.

I could feel an emotion that felt like concern growing in Wil iam. Id felt the tenseness of his body like this so many times before, except this time I was the one bringing it on. I knew he, and everyone else for that matter, had anticipated me being ready to sprint down the aisle at the first chance.

Id expected to feel the same way, but Id been so wrapped up in hoping wed end up together I hadnt spent time preparing myself for the reality of it.

Was I having second thoughts about Wil iam or wanting forever with him? Absolutely, positively not. Some days those two things felt like al the good that was left in the world.

I was doubting myself. My ability to make the man clutching me to him happy. Happy for an eternity. I didnt have prior relationship experience to navigate through the ups and downs of what wed surely face. I wasnt a skil ed cook like Cora, I wasnt experienced with every other aspect of homemaking"I did an internal cringe at the word"that Abigail executed like it was second nature.

And then, of course, there was that physical encounter I was so excited for and so terrified of. Prior to Wil iam, I hadnt even experienced a kiss with a man. How could I count on my lack of experience to fulfil al his expectations, everything I wanted to give him?

I swal owed, partly from the heat rising at the thought of it, but more from the terror of accepting how inadequate Id be. How would Wil iam wake up feeling the day after our Union when he discovered I was as satisfying as a yard tool? I nearly shuddered at the thought.

You should see your face right now, Cora said. What I wouldnt give to know what is going on up in that odd duck mind of yours. She ceased swaying back and forth in Josephs arms to take a detailed look at me. But from the dilation of your eyes and that lovely crimson color spil ing al the way down your neck, I think Ive got a good idea what youre thinking about. A grin curled up one side of his mouth. Or fantasizing about.

Cora, Wil iam warned, sounding more severe than hed likely intended.

You dont need to protect her from me, Wil iam. Im on you guys side, remember? She attached a hand to her hip. Im just trying to get to the bottom of why Bryns not dancing on the tables right now.

Wil iams body tensed up another notch, a spasm running down the val ey of his back. That was my snapping point. Cut me some slack, Cora. I scowled. A few hours ago I thought I was going to be Betrothed to ..."I caught myself just in time"wel ... given the Councils aptitude for upending my world, anyone else but Wil iam, I said, thankful for the recovery, until I felt Wil iams gaze heavy on me.

You did? he asked, his voice quiet.

I flinched at the joy Id just sucked out of him. I wasnt saying anything right, so maybe it was time I just sealed my mouth shut for the rest of the night until I had a few hours to calm myself down, get a four-year degree in Suzy Homemaker, and become the apprentice of a sex goddess. From my ability to pick up on these kinds of things, I should be ready to become Wil iams wife in a few decades.

Cora laughed a couple notes when I went silent again, throwing me a you owe me look. Turning to Wil iams, she said, You real y expected someone like Bryn, who makes worrying an Olympic event, to suddenly believe everything was going to come up roses because the Council made you guys a roundabout promise?

When Wil iam responded with a chuckle, the majority of tension flowing from his muscles, I knew I not only owed Cora, I owed her big time. Shed diffused in one sentence what would have taken me a few days.

Abigail smiled over at me, sharing something of an empathetic look, like she not only knew the concerns running through my mind, but understood them. Its not about the venue or the veil, its about the vows you make to one another.

I nodded my acknowledgement, letting Wil iam tuck me back to him. His chin pul ed my head against his neck and the concentrated sensations of having him this close"the beat of his heart against mine, the warmth pulsing from his body, the scent rol ing from his neck"calmed me into a state of near hypnosis. Where I was a master at setting a moment on fire, he was a master at extinguishing it.

This partys coming to an end, Cora changed the subject, searching the half empty tent. After party at our place? she asked, excitement already bubbling to the surface at the thought.

Were in, Nathanial answered instantly, running his fingers under his col ar. I cant get out of this thing soon enough.

Need any help with that? Abigail murmured, running his hands up to his neck, loosing the bowtie.

Nathanial didnt hesitate. Give us an hour, he said to Cora, already steering his wife towards the exit.

Or two, Abigail lilted back.

Cora snickered at the two of them, power walking through the tent, before answering Josephs hopeful expression without even looking. Dont get any thoughts, babe. Ive got an after party to prepare for. She was bouncing from the excitement of it.

Joseph groaned. Its just the six of us, we dont need anything more elaborate than a good playlist and a slice of your red velvet cake to have a good time.

Nice try, Cora said, spinning to Joseph. Youd think from that sad puppy face you have that youre deprived. She looked up at him with a heavily lidded expression. But I know better. She turned his exaggerated frown over with a lingering kiss. Come on, she instructed pul ing on him. You wil be greatly rewarded for your assistance.

Joseph fol owed her, shrugging his shoulder into Wil iams as he passed. See you guys in a few, or whenever you decide to stop pretending to be utterly, sickeningly enamored by each other. He stared at the two of us entwined on the dance floor before lurching forward from a yank from Cora.

A few paces away, Cora came to a screeching halt. Looking back at me, I knew whatever she had to say wasnt going to be to my liking. Oh, and Bryn? she said, sugar-coating her tone. I might have forgotten to mention that youre not al owed to see Wil iam until your Unity ceremony.

What?! I shrieked, sure Id heard her wrong or she was teasing ... or exaggerating. Please tel me youre not serious.

Oh, I most certainly am, Cora replied, eliciting a moan from both Wil iam and me. Another ancient tradition. It makes the Unity ceremony that much more special going without seeing each other during the Betrothal period. She was grinning in a wistful kind of way. I could have strangled her.

So you better enjoy tonight because, come sunrise, you two are official y cut off from each other, Cora said, pul ing her earrings out and sliding them into Josephs pocket. Stil looking forward to that long, drawn out Betrothal, Bryn? she asked, reviewing my expression.

Words were difficult to form in this shel -shocked state, but in my desperation I found a few. Cora? I cal ed out as she and Joseph continued towards the exit. She looked back at me, knowing shed won. Do you think we could get a Unity ceremony put together by tomorrow night? I asked, only somewhat teasing.

Theres the Bryn I know and love, she yel ed across the room. Dont worry, wel get this thing rol ing. You can count on me.

Wil iam nuzzled my head back from his chest, his face glowing. You want to be United with me tomorrow night?

Tomorrow morning if it means not seeing you until we are, I answered, mirroring his expression.

There is something so sexy about knowing you cant stand to be away from me as much as I cant stand to be away from you, he said, his voice low. It makes me want to ditch this party and Coras just-announced after party.

The vibrations of his voice heavy in my ear sent tingles down my spine. Something tel s me that the certainty weve been given tonight would upend our threadbare restraint. I dont think we better chance being alone.

You just denied me, he stated, sounding appal ed, but his eyes were excited. Even sexier. His words came out muffled as they positioned at the height of my neck, journeying down ... and down"

Eh-hmmmm, one of Wil iams guards announced himself, looking uncomfortable interrupting our moment.

Yes, Max? Wil iam asked, barely removing his lips from my col arbone. He obviously didnt care how uncomfortable the guard or I, for that matter, was.

Might I inquire as to how much longer youre planning on staying here? Max asked, eyes circumnavigating the room, mine fol owing suit. Save for the four guards interspersed around the dance floor, several members of the orchestra clasping their cases closed, and a couple dozen waiters, the place was empty. The world Wil iam and I created had eclipsed into the realm of ignorance to everything around us and that was dangerous. A room of hundreds of Immortals had emptied out and wed been none the wiser.

Wed have to make more of an effort to pul ourselves from our blissful bubble of there being no one else in the world except for us.

It seems we real y know how to clear a room, Wil iam said, scanning the room with me. Ready to move on to the next place?

If we have to, I sighed, al owing him to lead me from the dance floor we hadnt left since our Betrothal was announced.

My sentiments exactly, he grinned back at me, nodding over to Max. Wel be at Cora and Josephs for the remainder of the night.

Means of transportation, Max listed off, keeping stride beside Wil iam, somehow managing to make a six foot three man that was muscled to perfection look like a shrimp. I had to give the Council credit for attaching the biggest, scariest, stone-faced guards to Wil iam they could ... and I guess I had to give them credit now for our Betrothal.

Wil iam shrugged. Foot? He looked back at me, seeking approval.

Moonlit walk with my Betrothed ... and five guards in tow? Thats the stuff romance is made of right there, I teased, snickering when he tried to give me his sternest look.

Youve turned into quite the comedian, Wil iam said as we left the tent, five figures ghosting into position around us, far enough away to grant us a semblance of privacy, but close enough to be effective if need be.

It was reassuring having them there and even more reassuring knowing they were there when I wasnt, but I was the deadliest thing in our party of seven, not to mention my protection of him stemmed from love rather than duty. If anyone was foolish enough to attack Wil iam when I was around, they were certifiably insane, because doing so in my presence was like signing your own death certificate. I didnt value life so little I was eager to deal out death, it was just that I valued his life so much death was overshadowed by it.

So turning into a regular wisenheimer means youve been spending too much time with Patrick again. I knew Wil iams tones wel enough to know he was only teasing, but he also knew my tones.

So when I replied, Hardly, in my high-pitched voice, accompanied with staring straight ahead, he knew hed struck a chord.

Busted, he said, not pretending to ignore my tel as I hoped he would. What are you not tel ing me? Something having to do with Patrick?

My eyes stayed forward when I answered. Hes the buzzing mosquito in the ear of Immortality. Not to mention a serious pain in my butt, I mumbled.

Nice try, Wil iam said, wrapping his arm around me as we meandered into the night. And high marks for trying to distract me from my topic of seriousness.

I learned from the best"this time I looked over at him with accusing eyes"and I took real y good notes.

I can see that, he said but you cant distract a distracter. So time to fess up. What do you know about Patrick that I dont?

I wrapped my arms around myself, sliding into the crux of his arm like I was cold. I shouldnt have been cold, but I felt cold. Um, I dont real y know what to say ... I began, knowing I couldnt keep this from him, but not knowing when or how to phrase it, or where to begin.

How about with the truth? he offered simply, like the truth was the simplest solution to anything, and for him, I knew it was, but for me, things had always been more complicated.

The truth, I repeated to myself, the last thing I wanted to be divulging to him tonight, but I knew the last thing was usual y the way every situation I was involved in resulted in. Like I was the final stroke of black marring an exquisite painting.

Wil iam waited, his patience unwavering. After a few more internal grumbles, I resigned myself to the truth. Im worried about him, I began, trying to ease our way into it. Hes been acting strange lately"Wil iam shot me a look"wel , stranger than usual.

Wil iam nodded. Ive noticed the same thing, too. Any idea why? he asked, straight to the point, just his style.

Months of Patrick-quipping experience answered, He realized he just went through the entire planets population of women and hes going to have to start at the beginning again.

Good observation, Wil iam answered, trying to look serious. But I think my womanizing brothers ways are ending because hes found ..."he looked at me, his eyes happy"the one.

I stumbled over a non-existent impediment in my path. Wil iam caught me like he was always ready for my grace to make its appearance. Why do you think that? I asked, clearing my throat mid-way through.

A hundred smal reasons and one big one, he answered, spinning in front of me and leading me through the fields with his back to the world.

Oh, yeah? I said, giving indifference a try.

He erased his black book of phone numbers"that was legendary, by the way"and wont take a cal if a girl cal s. I mean, did you see him tonight?

He wouldnt even look at one. The only one I saw him with was you, Wil iam said, the lightness in his face tel ing me he didnt suspect anything. Hes not eating, hes not sleeping, and hes taken to writing poetry. The mushy, sappy kind that goes down in history.

It should have made tel ing Wil iam that much easier since hed opened the door for me, but it made it harder. I could see he was happy, excited even, that his brother had shunned the Immortal way like his big brother and fal en for someone before he was granted permission, but I knew the happy would drain from his expression the moment after I told him who the girl was.

And the big reason? I asked, delaying, but I couldnt much longer. The lights from Joseph and Coras place were glowing in the distance.

Wil iam shrugged. Hes got that tortured look in his eyes of a man thats in love in the kind of way that could break him.

Guilt like lava flowed over me. How do you know that? I said, trying to imply he was over exaggerating.

I lived that look for two hundred years, he said, his eyes showing me what he was talking about. It was heart-breaking in a beautiful way. Im stil living that look.

Forever now, I said, smiling through the moment. Nothing, not even dodging around the truth of Patrick professing his love to me, could extinguish the reminder of Wil iam and my Betrothal.

Thats right, he said affectionately. I never knew torture could feel so good.

I laughed as he swept open the picket fence sweeping around Joseph and Coras.

So? he asked expectantly, reaching for my wrist and pul ing me to a stop.

I sighed, realizing if tonight was the last time Id see him until our Unity"my stomach dropped at the thought"there was no other time to tel him than now. I couldnt Unite with Wil iam with this huge of a weight hanging on my shoulders.

I spun to him, forcing my eyes to look into his. I think I know who that girl is.

You do? he whispered. Who?

CHAPTER EIGHT

SECRETS AND SURFING

I sighed, squeezing Wil iams hand as a preemptive form of comfort. Im pretty sure that girl is m" Here they are! a voice shouted the instant the front door slammed open. He hurried down the steps, hooked an arm around Wil iams and my necks, and led us into the house. You guys kept us waiting long enough. We almost sent out the cavalry, Patrick said, scanning the guards positioning around the outside of the house. Wel , a second cavalry.

Hope I didnt interrupt anything too important, Patrick said, keeping his voice light as we stepped through the door.

Not real y, Wil iam said, throwing a play punch into Patricks ribs. We were only talking about you, after al .

Oh, yeah? Patrick asked. What were you talking about? He gave me a quick look, the arm over my neck squeezing.

Hey, the near newlyweds decided to final y grace us with their presence, Joseph cal ed out from behind his guitar.

Wil iam weaved out of Patricks arm as he turned to him. Later, he said, but I expect a ful disclosure. He tried sounding stern, but he was so happy for his brother it was impossible.

Super, Patrick muttered as Wil iam retrieved his guitar from Cora. Ive got to borrow Bryn for a moment, brother, Patrick cal ed out, pul ing my arm in the opposite direction of where I was headed. I need a little help in the kitchen.

You need more than just a little help, Wil iam joked, fingers strumming against the guitar strings.

Dont I know it, Patrick said under his breath, picking up his pace when we entered the hal . Emerging into the kitchen, he turned on me. You were about to tel him, werent you? His voice was low, but I couldnt tel if it was from anger or hurt.

Yes, I whispered, glancing towards the hal .

Are you trying to get me kil ed? He took a step into me, too close for comfort given tonights professions.

I took a step back. Stop being so dramatic, Patrick. Hes not going to kil you.

Thats what Id do if some loser told my girl he loved her. His eyes fel and this time he took a step away from me, and another, until he turned his back on me and opened the refrigerator.

Wel , thats not what he would do, I said, pul ing out Coras dessert plates as Patrick pul ed a triple layer red velvet cake from the fridge.

Yeah, believe me, I know how perfect my brother is and how much you love him for said perfection and how Im the polar opposite of him. He half-slammed the cake down on the counter.

Thats not what I meant, Patrick, I replied, distracting myself by counting out seven forks.

I know, he sighed, bracing his arms into the counter, letting his head fal between them. Dont mind me. Im just the guy who watched the girl he loves be promised to someone else.

A mixture of emotions hit me watching Patrick reduced to this crumpled form: guilt for being the cause of it, grief for his love going unrequited, and anger towards him for fal ing for me when he knew the way Wil iam felt.

Knowing from experience that anger had a way of overshadowing every other emotion, I knew that would be the one to reply. I thought you were one of the few that supported Wil iam through everything he went through finding me, you helped him find me at times for goodness sake,"Patrick waved his hands up and down, hinting I should lower my volume"but now, because youre mistaking some errant crush as love, youre al put out because he succeeded?

Errant crush? Patrick repeated, his ears going red. Put out? Did you real y not hear a thing I said to you tonight?

I heard everything, Patrick, I answered, bringing my hands to my chest. But what do you expect me to do? Or say? I love Wil iam, I emphasized, wondering if I repeated it enough if it could chase away his feelings for me.

Supremely aware of that. Thanks for the reminder. He looked down at his chest, feeling around the sternum area. If youre done pulverizing my heart, mind handing it back over?

I glowered at him before turning my back to him.

I dont expect you to say or do anything. I know you love him, unconditional y, and thats the way it should be because, as much as I love you and want to spend my life with you, Id rather kil myself than hurt my brother that way, he said, the theatricality gone from his voice. But what do you expect me to do? You cant control who you love, as much as I wish I could. I wish I could look at you like every other girl, a chal enge to conquer and enjoy until Im bored a few minutes later, but I cant, he confessed, undoing his bowtie and sliding it free of his col ar. I see the future I want, but Il never have when I look at you. I see contentment and meaning and passion when I look into your eyes. I feel betrayal and disloyalty to my brother when I look at you the way I am now, he said, his eyes taking me in like they had been for awhile, but Id not paid any attention to the intensity in them until I was made aware of it. Ive tried and tried to look at you like youre no one, but I cant. So please, just tel me, what do you want me to do?

Everything from his expression, his posture, and his voice was desperate and, as much as I knew he needed more from me, I knew Wil iam would come looking for me soon.

I want you to tel him, I said, turning to cut the cake, but my hand was shaking. Crushing two good mens hearts in two days time had reduced me to a misfiring bundle of nerves.

Let me do that, Patrick scolded, his hand folding over mine to pul the knife away. Before you cut your fingers off, or worse, destroy dessert.

I heaved an internal sigh when I heard the sarcastic undertones returning to Patricks voice. The worst was over.

I held out a plate for him to lay the first slice on. Fine, Il tel him, he said, before mumbling, next century.

Before were United, Patrick, I demanded as he balanced another piece of cake on a plate. Im not going to start our lives together with that kind of a secret potential y coming between us, so why dont we just go get him and get this over with? I turned to retrieve Wil iam, knowing sooner was always better than later in instances like this. Patrick caught my wrist, spinning me back towards him.

Not tonight.

Yes. Tonight, I stated, pul ing against him.

He smiled at my attempts. There was no chance Id be breaking free of my former strength instructors grip. I dont want to ruin anything about tonight for him. Or for you. Tonight shouldnt be about me. He loosened his grip on my wrist, gauging me with his eyes. Okay?

He had me there and he knew it. I didnt want to cap off a night of near perfection with this kind of a bomb. Fine, I relented. But you better" Il tel him, he said, annoyed. Dont get your panties in a twist.

Dont talk about my panties, I warned, praying I wasnt scarlet.

Why? Patrick asked through a grin as he set another piece of cake on a plate. Does it turn you on?

Absolutely, positively not, I said, making sure I trended towards the overdone side of sounding appal ed.

Dont be looking at me like Im the only one that thinks about them. He licked the frosting from one of his fingers, lifting another one towards my mouth. My answer was a scowl. I didnt want any part of Patrick in any of my orifices. Wil iam might not talk about em, but hes definitely thinking about your panties, he said, licking off his other finger. A lot.

Enough with my panties, I commanded through a clenched jaw, Patrick doing his duty of driving me crazy. I dont wear any, so its a moot point, I lied, hoping to end the undergarment talk right there.

Me neither, he shrugged, dead serious. I didnt doubt it. And you and I both know thats not true. You wear the kind of panties that every man hopes his girl wears. His eyes drifted dreamily to the ceiling as he let out an exaggerated sigh a few moments later. I wanted to lobotomize him for having seen what he did and now having the audacity to relive that memory right in front of me.

Forcing my scowl to deepen, the muscles in my face began to hurt. When are you going to tel Wil iam?

When are you going to tel me what?

Patrick and I both snapped our heads back to find Wil iam strol ing into the kitchen, an unsuspecting grin on his face. Wel , here it goes, I thought, wondering if I should move Coras col ection of antique Rosevil e vases ... just in case.

Tel you about the surprise surfing trip Im taking you on, Patrick said with such ease I realized how greatly Id underestimated his talent for fudging the truth.

Wil iams face lit up. Sweet. When?

Whats the hold up on the cake? Joseph said as he entered the kitchen. And did I just hear surfing?

Wil iam nodded as Patrick rol ed his eyes.

Surfing? Nathanials head peeped around the corner, his brows peaked.

Patrick threw his arms in the air. Why not? I might need some back-up.

That wil be perfect, Cora lilted, joining our party in the kitchen, Abigail right behind her. Abby and I were planning a surprise party for Bryn"cal it a bachelorette party if you wil , she said, bouncing and clapping to the same beat. Lets plan for the same time and wel see who ends up having more fun.

More fun? I said, relieved knowing Patrick had a set time to discuss ... things with Wil iam. The boys wil be surfing and wel be what? Plucking, polishing, and pumicing until were raw, hairless mounds of flesh and you want to know who wil have more fun? They dont cal that a victory, Cor, they cal that a landslide.

Wil iam laughed, ringing his arm around my neck.

You want to make a bet on that? Cora chal enged, hitching a hand on her hip.

Why not? I shrugged. I wasnt the betting type, but this was a no brain required win.

Okay, so if the girls have more fun and win, you have to wear whatever gown I pick out for you at your Unity ceremony, she said, her eyes already in far off dressing-up-Bryn-land.

Fine, I said, crossing my arms. But if the boys win"like I know they wil "you have to promise to never try to dress me again.

Deal, she said, putting on her best poker face.

Every one in the room was shaking their head like the game was already over.

You realize what you just did? Joseph asked, lifting a forkful of cake to his mouth. Cora hasnt lost a bet since 1865.

I thought the Yanks would lose, she said, shrugging like she wasnt referring to an epic event in world history.

Consider your reign coming to an end. I stared my chal enge at Cora as Patrick extended a plate of cake at Wil iam.

No, thanks, he said, shaking his head. Ive got something else planned for dessert.

The next thing I knew, I was in his arms, back dipped low to the ground like we were back on the dance floor. My inhibitions about his family having a front row seat to this moment were gone the instant his lips molded against my jaw, running the ful length down my neck.

Get over yourselves, a voice that was so aggravated it took me a moment to place it grunted. We get that you love each other and that youre hot for each other and that you belong to her and she belongs to you. Patricks fingers pointed between the two of us, his veins bulging in his forehead.

You dont have to prove anything, he shouted, slamming his untouched plate down on the counter and marching out of the room. Stop shoving it my face!

The whole kitchen went quiet, everyone looking at each other, varying degrees of what the heck just happened? expressions on each face.

Wil iam lifted me, his eyes confused, almost hurt.

Dont mind him, I said, dismissing Patricks outburst with a wave of the hand. So much for Patrick not making the night about him. Hes just being dramatic.

Joseph was the first to laugh, but it was soon accompanied by everyone elses. I was glad Id achieved my objective of understating Patricks reaction, but it kind of freaked me out how easily it had come and how even easier everyone had bought it. That was too much of Patrick coming through in me right there.

My brother? Wil iams sarcasm cut through his laughter.

Maybe I should go check on him, I said, biting my lip. Just to make sure hes alright.

Joseph swal owed another bite of cake. Nah, let him take his Midol and sleep it off.

A snicker rol ed between the boys. Hopeful y he takes two given that mood swing, Nathanial added.

I hate to end these kinds of night, but if were al going away on our respective girls/boys adventure tomorrow, Ive got to start packing, Cora said, putting what was left of the cake back in the fridge. And after swooping in to save Wil iam and Bryn this morning, committing a felony by robbing Bryn of al her jeans, staying corseted into this thing al night,"she motioned down her sparkly nude-colored gown that had cinched her waist into 1950s Hol ywood starlet tiny"and chasing Bryn around the bal with that beautiful gown that wil likely spend the rest of its days locked away in the back of her closet,"she shot me a quick look that said Id committed treason in her eyes, as if I wasnt already convinced of it"Im in need of several hours of recuperative rest.

Were leaving tomorrow? I shrieked doing an internal clock check: 1:49AM. As in today or tomorrow as in tomorrow?

You have a gift for making the littlest things complicated, Cora chuckled, grabbing Joseph by the hand to steer him out of the kitchen.

Thats my other superpower, I grumbled.

Tomorrow as in eight hours or so, Cora answered, stopping at the hal way. So you better say your goodbyes and get some rest because I dont need to be babysitting a cranky bear al day long.

Maybe I wil have some of that cake, after al , Wil iam said, grinning at me. It did look amazing.

And thats our cue to leave, Nathanial insinuated, throwing Abigail over his shoulder as he headed to the slider door.

Thanks for dessert, Cora, Abigail giggled. See you al in a few. We waved them al off.

Dont think you have me fooled for one second about your intentions, Wil iam, Cora said. You look about as interested in that cake as Bryn is.

Alright, fine, Wil iam said. Were going to be up a while longer so I can al but ravage my newly Betrothed.

Cora didnt look thrown by his directness, but I was. Heat ran through me, but it wasnt the embarrassment kind, it was the desire kind. The good kind. I suppose you better make it count since you wont be seeing her for a while, but please be nice to the sofa, she whined, descending into the hal way. Its new and was expensive.

We werent.

CHAPTER NINE

CATHERINE

Cora, could I please have back at least one pair of jeans? I hol ered down the hal a few minutes before sunrise and a few minutes after Wil iam had left.

Not a chance, she answered, peeking her head outside her bedroom door.

Okay, I grumbled, rummaging through the coat closet for a duffel bag. Ive got plenty of ratty old sweatpants that wil work just as wel . I hoped by stooping to attire threats, Cora would cave.

Its only your dignity youre sacrificing, she said before disappearing behind the door again. So she was stooping to morality threats in hopes Id cave. Shed have to stoop lower if she was serious about me giving up sweats until I either got back or restocked my jean col ection.

Retrieving the bag from the bowels of the closet, I ducked back into my room, ready to reenact my under five minute method of packing. Pul ing open my top drawer, a soft three tap knock sounded at my door. Id heard that knock plenty of times before, although it was normal y coming from my bedroom window.

Come in, I cal ed out, pul ing out what I needed, considering sling-shotting them his way before packing them. The door creaked open. What?

You didnt get enough of me last night? I smiled, spinning around, ready to pitch my handfuls of bras and panties at his face.

I wasnt sure if my body froze before the blush could make it to my cheeks, not that it real y would have mattered anyways. Charles stared back at me, looking as embarrassed as I felt. His eyes shifted away when he saw what I held in my hands.

Expecting someone else? he asked, seeming fascinated with the view out my window.

Yes. I mean, no, I stuttered, shaking my head. I mean ... Im sorry. I rushed to my bed, shoving the unmentionables into the duffel.

No, no, Im the one that needs to apologize, he said. Im sure I was the last person you would have expected.

I didnt want to agree, feeling that could be rude"Charles had never sought me out, at least, not when Id been absent of his son"so I went with the only other appropriate response without lying. Apology accepted. Besides, I said, forcing a smile, its nice to see you.

Charles peaked his brows at me, like he didnt believe me, and he was right. I wasnt al that happy to see him. I wanted to like Charles, for Wil iams sake, but he made it so gosh darn hard, but I was certain his sentiments were the same regarding me.

Thats not the only thing I have to apologize for, he said, his face shadowing. Has Wil iam told you much about the way I was before Immortality?

Before watching my wife, daughter, and daughter-in-law die? He cleared his throat, his eyes closing. Before watching my sons die in a different way?

Um, no, not real y, I said, taking a seat on the edge of the bed. This was the first time Charles and Id had a one on one conversation and it looked like it was going to be a heavy one, not that you could expect anything but heavy coming from Chancel or Charles Hayward.

One side of his mouth inched up. I was an older version of Joseph in my Mortality, he stated, while I struggled to imagine a beaming, happy to the point of annoying Charles. I couldnt do it. But as you know, that man is no longer. Going through something like that changes a man into a completely different person. I no longer use my heart to guide me, but my mind. I turned to reason and science and statistics ... anything, just so long as I didnt have to let something into my heart again. He reached for a photo of Wil iam and me resting on my dresser, fingering over his sons peaceful face. Thats why Ive been so successful in moving my way up the Immortal Council ladder and so unsuccessful with growing my relationships with my sons. Its something Im not proud of, he said, placing the frame back in its place.

I shifted on the bed. This was a side to Charles Id never seen, never expected existed, but the emotion that was rol ing off of him was similar in quantity and intensity to Wil iams.

I cant even imagine what Catherine would say if she were here. He shook his head before settling into a sad smile. She did everything by heart.

Everything. She used to tel me letting your mind rule your life was like accepting an early death. Shed remind me that a mind would never permit you to waste away an entire day laying beneath a cloudless summer sky or indulge in lemon meringue to the point of corset-bursting"he threw a chagrined look my way"her words, not mine ... or run away with the poor blacksmiths son when she was expected to marry the son of the king of cotton at the time.

She sounds amazing, I said, enraptured by the picture of Catherine Hayward that was being painted for me. The woman had birthed the man I loved, so, if by technicality alone, I had to love her.

Yes, she was. I loved that woman in that desperate, al -consuming, she-could-break-me-with-one-word, way. His eyes clouded to another moment, lost in his memories. Id forgotten how that kind of love felt ... until I saw you and Wil iam together.

Given everything hed just said of him and Catherine, I guessed it was the highest compliment he could give. I felt honored, but stil a little awkward at this emotional, nostalgic Charles in front of me.

My son had been broken more than Id ever seen another man after the girls died and the guilt he felt in their absence and I knew when you entered each others lives hed opened himself to be broken again. I knew, given everything about his situation and your situation"he didnt need to specify, we were on the same page with Wil iam and my situations"that the road before you would be rocky and ultimately would end badly.

I looked out the window, wishing Wil iam were here with me to provide some moral support or a comforting set of arms. Anything that could help dul the sting of Charles words.

I wanted to protect him from that, from breaking past the fixing point. I tried so very hard, but heres what someone forced me to remember a couple days back. He looked at me, forcing my eyes to focus on his. Even if I would have known Catherine would be murdered just feet away from me in a tree our children used to swing from, and Id have to go on for an eternity without her, that wouldnt have changed my mind that day I decided to exchange vows with her.

Emotion was something I tried to keep in check with Charles around, but his comfort at showing his to me made returning the favor easier than anticipated. I didnt hold the tears back like I preferred to. I let them run down my face, untouched.

I remember that love, I get it now, he whispered, smiling. I know we havent seen eye-to-eye on a lot of things, and probably stil wont, but I see your heart now. And as Catherine would say, thats al the matters anyways. He patted my hand resting over the mattress before heading towards the door.

Who do I have to thank for reminding you? I cal ed out to him, stil dumbfounded.

His pace didnt slow as he answered over his shoulder, Patrick.

That was the last name I was expecting and something about knowing that Patrick played a pivotal role in aiding Wil iams and my Betrothal"setting his own feelings aside"made my heart ache.

CHAPTER TEN

ADRENALINE JUNKIES

IM GOING TO DI I I I IE!!!

It was the only thing that came to mind as my body rocketed through the air straight for the rocky coast below. My cheeks were flapping, my insides were churning, and my survival instinct was at its peak limits"Id never expected gravity to be such a violent natural phenomenon.

You cant die, at least not this way, Coras voice came through my earpiece like she was taking part in nothing more lethal than shuffle board. But you better pul that parachute in about three seconds or else youl look like a pancake walking down the aisle.

I didnt wait three seconds. I reached for the chute chord the next instant, pul ing it so hard Im lucky it didnt separate from the yards of silk that were the only thing keeping me from becoming a pancake, as Cora had so put it. My body whipped back in the dusky night air, making my free fal the couple minutes prior seem tranquil in comparison.

Stil kickin there, kil er? Coras smug voice entered my ear.

Il let you know once my feet are firmly back on solid ground, I mumbled back. And by the way, next time either of you think about a girls getaway, count me out.

Oh, quit being such a baby, Cora said, at the same time an elbow weaved through mine as effortlessly as if we were strol ing down the sidewalk, not thousands of feet floating through the air.

Shes right, take a break from reprimanding us for our idea of fun to just enjoy the view, Abigails voice came through my earpiece next, as my other arm was snagged by another elbow.

The least you could have done was give me a little warning, I said, looking side-to-side at the Hayward girls. Id mental y prepared myself for a spa weekend of torture or scrapbooking until I wanted to poke my eyebal s out or ... I fumbled for the right words, or anything other than street-luging, sand-boarding, and last, but certainly not least, sky-diving.

They both giggled in unison, like the whole thing was just too cute. A girl who could have happily spent her life on a steady to non-existent stream of adrenaline fal ing through the air with two girls that were the definition of indoor girls"or so Id thought until today"grumbling and glaring her way through thousands of feet of air.

So heres the life lesson, we saved the best for last, Cora began, glancing at Abigail to take over.

So up here, theres nothing but raw emotion, raw physicality. Your heads not in the clouds and your feet arent cemented to the ground, youre right in between.

Let me guess, this is going to be another one of those balance is the best thing since sliced bread Immortal metaphors, isnt it? I asked humorlessly.

Thats it, Cora said with such exasperation I could hear the eye rol in her voice. Im cutting your parachute. Youl make a lovely pancake bride.

I elbowed her, taking my lemons and making lemonade of this whole elbow-weaving, girl bonding thing.

Our point is, Abigail continued, unaffected by neither Cora nor myself, that what you feel here, in the in-between, is what is real. Youre not so bogged down in the details of the street-view or so preoccupied with looking to the sky, that what you feel"what you know here"is what is real.

Okay, I annunciated, opening my mind to the mental rubix-cube, that wasnt what I was expecting you to say, but that mind bender just elevated you to wicked smart status, Abigail.

Why, thank you, she lilted as Cora grumbled something about it being her idea. So what do you know?

It was the vaguest and most pointed question Id ever been asked. Truly mind-boggling and I wasnt sure how to get it al out. I know I love Wil iam, I began, that the very first thing that was at the tip of my mind.

See, easy as that? Abigail said, pleased. What else?

I love you guys, I said, before mumbling, despite you trying to end me today.

More giggling from the two adrenaline junkies on either side of me.

I love Joseph, Nathanial and ... My voice choked around the name before I could say it, ... and Patrick. And Paul, too. Clearing my throat, I added, and Im growing to love Charles now, I think.

Wow, Cora blew out a breath, now thats progress.

Zip it, Cor, Abigail demanded. Bryns on a rol . Shouldering me, she asked. What else?

There were about a thousand other things that were fighting to emerge, everything from wishing my gift was something else, to Paul and Patrick finding amazing women they would worship, to my thirst for revenge on John Townsend and his brood of Inheritors. There was my favorite flavor of ice cream, the way I missed weekends at the pier with my mom and dad, and the way Wil iam made me feel secure in a way Id never known. There was everything, but when I let myself get lost in the moment, taking in nothing other than the unattached, uninhibited shot of life that was pumping through my veins, there was just one thing left.

One simple thing.

I would do absolutely anything for those of you I love, I whispered, as this air of clarity settled around me. Life seemed so much more simple now that Id set aside the pesky details that blocked my view of the truth of what I knew. Yet even at this, I knew it was simple to say and difficult to execute. But this was my truth and I wouldnt betray it to the best of my ability.

I knew it, Abigail breathed. Youve got a heart of gold and the soul of saint ... despite that surly demeanor you like to hide them behind.

Pretty amazing, isnt it? Cora said. Thats al there is when you boil away the rest"love. Unconditional freakin love.

Wow, how nicely put, I said with sarcasm, feeling the calmest Id felt in ... wel ... ever. It was like the skies had cleared and Id final y found my north star and nothing could derail me from my path. I owed the girls big time for this revelation and I also knew, no matter what the boys had planned for the weekend, Cora had won the bet and Id be walking down the aisle in whatever monstrosity of a gown she selected.

Oh wel , it had been worth it.

Ooo! Cora exclaimed, pointing. Theres our place. Man, were good.

The black ocean thundered into the miles of sandy shore in Pacific City where wed be spending the next couple of nights in the Haywards beach getaway. Id assumed the boys would be using it given their surfing addictions that trended towards unhealthy, but Cora and Abigail had assured me they were in search of none other than the Big Kahuna. I wasnt sure if that meant somewhere farther down the coast or hitting up Hawaiis North Shore, but I guessed since Patrick had initiated and planned it, nothing and no where were off limits.

It real y is beautiful, I al owed, taking in the scene below me and, perhaps my impression of it had improved given my recent updates to my overal outlook, but Cape Kiwanda from thousands of feet above was a sight to behold.

Enjoy it while you can because the last grains of sand are trickling through the hour glass, Cora said. You remember what we told you about making a running motion in the air when youre coming in for landing?

Yeah? I asked, the relief from my nervousness coming to an abrupt end.

Good, Cora said with a head nod. Time to start, track star.

I didnt respond, I was frozen in the moment, certain there were stil minutes or precious seconds where we could ward off the inevitable return to earth.

Like now, Bryn who yel ed at us for trying to kil her whos now going to come near to taking care of it for us! Cora yel ed, punching my arm.

This time, I went into action. My legs cycled like mad, probably moving so fast they were a blur, but I didnt have time to rethink or adjust my speed until they tumbled into solid ground. Or at least soft sandy loam.

Graceful I was not, so when I did a near cartwheel and a half landing face first into the ground, I was appreciative of the girls having picked a beach to land on. Rock, asphalt, or compacted earth would have stung like a bugger.

Bryn! Oh my holy clumsiness, Cora yel ed, laughing around her words of concern. Are you alright?

Other than just eating a bucketful of sand? I said, spitting away the grit in my mouth. Im just dandy, how about you? I managed a glare at her"more due to the sand in my eyes than anything else"as she walked up beside me, upright, sand-free and smiling.

That was so much fun, Abigail said, her voice high with excitement. Should we see if the pilot can take us up again tomorrow?

No, was my immediate reply, as immediate as Coras, Yes!

Im marrying into a family of dare devils, I said, reaching my hand out for a little help up. Someone upstairs had a good laugh at that one.

I most certainly did, Cora laughed, pul ing me up.

Were clear here, Abigail said, dusting her hands off and packing up the three of our chutes in the time it would take me to fold a pair of socks.

Ready to move onto our next event of the evening?

Just as long as it doesnt involve defying death, confronting death, slapping death in the face ... anything death related, Im up for anything.

No more Evel Kenevil tonight, Bryn, Abigail said, heading towards the Haywards beach house. We promise.

Thank goodness, I said, heaving a sigh. You both can hold me down and torture me by rounding my fingertips just so and waxing my whatever and I wil happily oblige you. After today, a day in a spa wil look like a picnic.

Oh, Bryn, whatever would we do with ourselves if you werent here to insert a snarky comment every time you talk? Cora said.

I opened my mouth to answer her question with yet another snarky comment, when Abigail shook her head. Dont answer that. Youl just fuel the fire. Besides, she said, lowering her voice. I wanted to ask you what your look of panic was al about last night when you heard Wil iams and your Union was fast approaching.

Oh, yeah, I mumbled, kicking the sand with my sneaker. That.

Yeah, what about that? Cora chimed in, spinning and waiting for us. I got to tel you, Bryn, panicked was, like, the last thing I expected you to be when you found out youd be with Wil iam so soon. So whats the deal? She plopped down into the sand and patted the area beside her. Are you having seconds thoughts now that al your dreams are about to be realized?

No! I exclaimed before her brows could peak from her question. Its not the Union ceremony Im panicked about, I began, guarded. The subject I was dodging was one I was never comfortable discussing, not even having it discussed around me. So uncomfortable, in fact, that during fifth grade birds and the bees lessons, Id been the student who was either scarlet red the entire time or snickering without consent whenever certain anatomical objects were verbalized.

And if it was any one else, Id jump to the next logical conclusion that you were angsting over the ceremony location or the guest list or the menu" But since it is me, I interrupted before she ran away with herself, taking a seat beside her in the sand, you know thats not what Im biting my fingernails over. Im not worried about anything regarding the Unity day or every day after, for that matter.

Abigail nodded, looking down at me. Its the Unity night"and every one after"that youre panicked about, she stated as sure as shed been of anything.

My face screwed to one side when she laid it al out there, but beating around the bush didnt run in the Hayward familys blood. Bingo, I sighed, crashing my back and head into the sand. I was already a sand monster, what were a few more grains? Unity nights are for those women who know what do to with their bodies, not for those who seem to be in a constant battle with their malfunctioning, uncooperative ones.

Oh, Bryn, Cora said, looking back at me. You find anything and everything to worry about.

I do not, I replied, despite knowing she was mostly right, but this is actual y something legitimate to worry about.

Before Cora could reply, Abigail patted my hands laced over my stomach. Trust me, she emphasized, everything wil be just fine.

Is that because of your confidence in Wil iam or in me? I asked, blowing out a breath.

It has to do with my certainty regarding you twos chemistry, she answered. Im so convinced of it, even if you were both incapable of walking and talking at the same time, Id have no concerns that everything would come together without a hitch in the bedroom.

Abigail! Cora scolded, letting out a giggle.

What? she replied. Isnt that what were dancing around? If Wil iam and Bryns chemistry is going to translate behind closed doors?

Of course it is, Cora replied but Im not used to you being the one to spel it out. Thats usual y my job.

Sorry, Abigail said, gazing up at the stars. You werent getting around to it quickly enough.

How did ... everything, I began, not caring who brought it up, but glad one had, work out for the two of you when you were United? I mean, did you guys even know Nathanial and Joseph or were they like strangers? I couldnt imagine what it would be like to be told you were going to be spending the rest of your eternity with a mere stranger, but given the obvious relationship and chemistry the girls had with their husbands, it was hard to imagine it any other way.

When I was Betrothed to Nathanial, Abigail began, I cried every night leading up to our Union.

You did? I asked, awed. Nathanial and Abigail werent as overt with their affections for one another as Joseph and Cora, but anyone who had a smidgeon of emotional capacity could see what the two shared. It was something special.

She nodded her head. I barely knew him and what I did know of him, I didnt particularly like. Mind you, everything Id heard of him had come from other peoples mouths and not from any actual personal experience with him. Rumors are the most vicious little things, she mused, as she swept her sheet of long black hair forward and started to braid it. Once we were United, I found out Nathanial was none of the things Id heard. He wasnt scary or chauvinistic or boring as a wordless book. He was gentle and kind and adventurous. He was my perfect match, my soul mate, my one true love. I know you arent particularly fond of the Council, Bryn, but they got one thing right when they matched the two of us, she finished, smiling to herself.

So how did things go in the ...? I hinted, knowing Abigail was capable of picking up on the subtlest hint.

Her smile hitched higher. We took it slow the first few days. Nathanial said hed give me as much time as I needed. But as I got to know him, the true him, I didnt need much time. Her cheeks flushed the tiniest bit at whatever memories were playing in her mind.

What a great story, I said, sighing. But I think I would have felt the same way if I heard I was supposed to spend forever with Nathanial. He stil terrifies me half of the time.

Abigail laughed, sliding her rope of a braid over her shoulder. Dont let him fool you. He might like to act the part of the tough guy, but hes nothing but mush on the inside. Dont let him scare you.

Ive known him for decades and Im stil terrified of him more often than not, Abby, Cora interrupted. I dont think I worked up the courage to look him in the eye for the first year after I was United with Joseph, I was that scared stupid by him.

Abigail covered her mouth as another laugh escaped her.

Were you crying for nights after you were Betrothed to Joseph, too? I asked, having a hard time imagining someone as endlessly sunny as Cora drowning in tears.

Oh, she was crying alright, Abigail said, looking down at Cora. Tears of unrestrained joy. That girl was infatuated with Joseph from the first time he grinned in her direction.

Ahhh, Cora sighed wistful y, her eyes somewhere else. I fel in love with him the first time I saw him, but I wasnt as bold"or as stupid"as you and Wil iam were to chase after that love without the Councils permission. Id fol ow after him like the most pathetic of creatures, made sure to be put on as many missions with him as I could squeeze my way into without looking obvious" Trust me, as a Coordinator, Abigail said, it was obvious.

Cora continued undeterred. I even feigned interest in farming so Id have a reason to talk with him or help him out during harvest. She sighed again, this one intense. And if I thought Id loved him before, it was redefined when I saw him shirtless and drenched in sweat stacking bales of hay.

Okay, so there was chemistry from the start for you, I said, not sure how much more advanced the wistfulness in Coras eyes would grow, but not wanting to find out. But what about for Joseph? How did he feel?

She grinned as wide as her husband could. It turns out he had it as bad for me as I did him, but he was too shy and too much of a gentlemen to spurn the Immortal way and make a move on the woman he loved like his older brother did. She looked over at me in explanation.

And youre tel ing me if he would have spurned the Immortal way and made a move on the woman he loved, you would have turned your nose up at him? I asked, rhetorical y, because from what Id experienced of Joseph and Coras love, there was never a question of if theyd be together, just when.

Her sheepish expression didnt require a verbal answer.

Okay, so needless to say, there was chemistry there from the start that worked its way without a hitch into the bedroom, I said, feeling like none of this was giving me any reassurance that Wil iam and I would experience the same benefit given my lack to be anything remotely sexy.

Cora bobbed her head. The kind of chemistry that makes you never want to leave each others side ... Her smile curved into a wicked one. Ful y clothed, at least.

Okay, so you two are sex goddesses, good for you, I said, trying not to sound too acidic. How does this help me in my speedy advancement to the bedroom?

Of al the things youve spent your life worrying about, this is the most invalid one, Cora said with exasperation as Abigail put on a face of patience.

Lets take a logical, sequential approach to this since our assurances at your chemistry are fal ing on deaf ears, shal we? Abigail began, settling her hands in her lap.

How was Wil iams and your first kiss?

I got tingles al the way down to my toes just thinking about it. Perfect, I said, remembering that first kiss that was so unlike what I assumed first kisses would be like. It was urgent and consuming and passionate. Drowning in passion.

Abigail nodded her head like she was making a mental note. And how about the first date?

Surfing at Newport Beach. Boardshorts, muscles, and dripping wet hair. I didnt need to remember anything else. Perfect, I answered.

And how about the first time you danced together? I do believe you had quite the audience for your first dance, didnt you? she said, looking at me from the side.

It wasnt just quite the audience; it was quite the flabbergasted, angry mob of Inheritors who wanted to wring our necks before they even knew who or what we were, I said, al but shivering going back in time to my first days of Immortality at Townsend Manor. But given Wil iam was able to lead me across the floor without so much as a stumble from the queen of clumsy, Id have to say that was perfect, too.

Another nod from Abigail, obviously getting at something I wasnt catching on to. And how about every other touch, kiss, embrace, and caress that have come after? If you had to sum the whole of Wil iams and your physical encounters into one word, what would it be?

Let me guess, Cora said as I opened my mouth. She shot me a knowing look. Perfect, right?

I grinned at her. Precisely.

Okay, so your first kiss, first date, first dance, and everything that came before, during, and after of a physical nature has been classified, by you may I point out, Abigail said, pointing her eyes at me, as perfect. So why are you so unsure that sex wil be so different?

Her bluntness threw me for a moment, shaking loose whatever argument Id been forming in my head as shed formed her convincing defense.

Why was I so sure Id be a failure in bed when everything of an intimate nature shared between Wil iam and I had been anything but a failure? The odds had been against us for no other reason than my utter lack of experience and proclivity for the awkward path in life. But it wasnt just me and it wasnt just him that were the only factor in our intimacy, it was the two of us combined. Whatever magic it was wed manufactured when we came together, it was massive enough it consumed our imperfections and made what was left over a beautiful thing.

Id heard it a thousand times, but I got it now. We werent perfect, but we were perfect together. Perfect. Together. Perfect ... together.

Insert light bulb switching to the on position now.

You get it now, dont you? Abigail said, her face elated. Something just went off inside that unsure little brain of yours. I can see it on your face.

I smiled, sure the rest of my expression looked dumbfounded. But in a relieved kind of way. I think so.

What a relief, Cora said, using my shoulder to stand up. Wil iam and Bryn have hot, scrumdidiliumptious chemistry. Wow, never saw that coming, she deadpanned, smirking down at me. Can we get this bachelorette party back on track then? She didnt wait for an answer as she bounded through the sand towards the house.

Abby, I said, pul ing her up after I stood up. I dont know if you realize it, but you just gave me a priceless gift. Thank you, I said, hugging her too me.

Thats what sisters are for, she said, her voice pleased. To support one another, be there for each other, and make sure to let one know when they are being insufferably insane.

Its an il ness, but Im working on finding a cure for insufferably insane, I said straight-faced as the porch lights buzzed on, fol owed by the interior lights coming on nearly al at once. I smiled as the memories of the first and last time Id been here flooded to mind.

Just to cut the suspense, the next event on our bachelorette journey is dinner, Abigail announced as we stepped inside.

Now youre speaking my language, I said.

I could almost see Wil iam sitting at the head of the table, staring at me with those peaceful eyes Id seen the night of our Betrothal. Peace was such a rare commodity in Wil iams and my lives that it was worth documenting, if not erecting some sort of monument to each precious instance.

So why dont you hop in the shower and wel prepare a grand feast? Abigail had such a grace with words that she could manage to insinuate I needed a shower without managing to offend me. It was a gift I did not possess.

Just what I had in mind, I replied, making my way to the first floor bathroom.

I got you a new set of jammies, Cora cal ed after me, shuffling through pots and pans. Not because I thought you needed any or wanted any or wouldnt be utterly inconvenienced by it, she added, trying hard to keep her smirk from developing, but because I thought it would be nice. Thats al .

Id made it a personal mission to put up a fight whenever Cora and clothing came to a pointed head in my life, but I knew she was doing it with the purest of intentions.

Gosh darn if that enlightening freefal hadnt upended my world.

Thank you, I said, her face flattening when she heard the sincerity instead of the sarcasm in my voice. That was very thoughtful of you. I smiled, winking at her, before finishing my journey into the bathroom.

There are some new slippers in there, too, she cal ed out. And I picked you up that to-die-for hair conditioning masque I discovered on the black market of cosmetics and theres a coconut sugar scrub that wil redefine life as you knew it and" Thank you, Cora, I said, just enough warning in my voice to silence her mid-sentence.

I cranked the water on and pul ed the ponytail holder from my hair, unleashing a good half pound of sand onto the tile below. As I peeled off my layers of clothing, the half-pound grew to a respectable kiddie-size sandbox.

Stepping under the shower, another layer of sand trickled off me, mottling the water running down the drain for a few minutes before it final y ran clear. Satisfied I was mostly sand-free, shampooed, and conditioned, I turned off the water, stepping out into the heavy steam.

I slid into the jammies Cora had laid out for me, wondering if I should let her take charge of more of my wardrobe when the black yoga pants fel to just the right length"finding pants to fit my mutant long inseam required shopping in the mens department or looking like I was waiting for a daily flood"and the light blue tank was the softest, most comfy material Id ever had wrapped around me. She knew her stuff, I gave her that, but I wasnt quite ready to let her make me into her own three-dimensional paper dol .

Five fingers tearing through my hair served as the grand finale to my beautification. I might have tried that hair ... masque ... thing if I hadnt been so eager to eat. Cora or Abigail on their own were culinary legends, but their talents combined resulted in meals that were worthy of left-over mummification so generations after could pay their respects.

Stepping out of the bathroom, the smel s of epicurean delights were absent. Maybe theyd decided on ordering pizza instead, although I couldnt think of a time either had ever stooped to this level of disgrace.

Cora? Abigail? I cal ed out, silence my only response. Instinct fluttered to the surface, something was wrong, but it was an instinct I wanted to ignore. Nothing was wrong, this was them playing a prank on me. Stop being so paranoid all the time, I reminded myself.

Just as I was rounding the corner into the expansive kitchen, a figure stepped in my path. A man who was unfamiliar, dressed in a flashy suit topped off with a flashier tie. He grinned at me, running his thumbs down a pair of metal ic gold suspenders, snapping them at the waistband.

You guys did not hire a stripper, I snapped, shouldering past the man. Tel me you didnt hire a ...

What I saw next wouldnt compute. Id left the girls in the kitchen, banging around the cupboards like women on a mission, and in barely ten minutes time the room had fil ed with twenty bodies, a handful holding a wide-eyed Abigail and another handful struggling with a furious faced Cora.

My bachelorette party had just gone from death-defying to downright deadly.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

SURPRISE

What is this? I asked as the man with the suspenders shouldered past me, making sure he hit me with the same force I had him.

And here I was under the impression you were a smart girl, an al too familiar voice emitted behind a shield of bodies before cutting through them. Two Haywards" plus one soon-to-be"girls al on their own, hundreds of miles away from the protection of their Al iance, and the first thought that comes to mind is, what is this?

Troy, I sneered, scanning the room, calculating a defensive that wouldnt end as soon as it began. Given the numbers of Inheritors Troy had brought along and that the only al ies I had in the room were bound up, my chances of putting together a successful fight wasnt looking good.

But that had never stopped me before. What do you want?

Yet another question as unremarkable as the first. He clucked his tongue, shaking his head. You know what this is and what we want. The vagueness of his answer was specified by the ful -length stare that slid down my body.

Wel , here I am, I said, spreading my arms to the side. I wont put up a fight. This time.

Troy gauged me, trying to figure out if I was cooperating or antagonizing. No matter what he decided I was, he motioned towards the remaining handful of men not attached to Cora and Abigail. As they progressed towards me, I didnt step back, nor did I let the adrenaline pulsing through my body ready it for a fight.

Instead, I searched for peace in the moment, remembering the look in Wil iams eyes last night. He was always in the forefront of my mind in these kinds of instances. So it wasnt a surprise thoughts of Would I ever see him again? What would he do if he never saw me again? What would I do if I never saw him again? were at the forefront, but as much as the possible answers to these paralyzed me, I wouldnt let Cora and Abigail suffer in my place. This was my battle, the war Id brought about. I wouldnt let anyone sacrifice themselves in my place.

Thats a good girl, a voice that grated on me like nails running down a chalkboard purred behind me at the same time her hand pinched around my neck. My parents had always taught me that hate is a very strong word ... but I hated that woman.

Of course the cowards wouldnt go into battle with a twenty year old girl without you, Stel a, I said, trying to sound like al my strength and emotion hadnt just run dry at her touch.

You should know by now men are nothing but the muscle fol owing orders coming from the brains of the women, she replied as the six men coming for me found a piece of me to adhere their grips to.

I wish I could agree with you on that statement, Stel a, but Ive got a personal policy against agreeing with bitches ... so, sorry, no can do. I shrugged, only serving to dril the fingers deeper into my flesh.

I wonder if that perpetual smirk you wear wil stil be in place in a few days? Troy mused, grinning malevolently at me.

Probably, I replied, keeping my tone light. Theres little you can do to me that could change it.

Wel see, Troy replied, too much hidden meaning in his tone to be comforting.

Alright, youve got me. I glanced at the herd latched onto me. Do with me what you wil , but you can let them go now. I nodded at the girls who were putting on their bravest faces, wishing Nathanial and Joseph would walk through the door. There wouldnt be an Inheritor left standing when they were done with them.

Isnt that a nice notion? Troy said, spinning to look at the girls. But one that, unfortunately, wil go unrealized.

I surrendered, I said as calmly as I was capable. I played by the rules. Now its your turn.

Bryn, Bryn, Bryn, Troy said, shaking his head. Is there anything you know about me that would lead you to believe I fight fair?

Rage shot through me, but it was as explosive as a wet fuse. Nothing sparked to the surface like I wanted it to. Accepting physical warfare was getting me nowhere, I tried a little psychological. My eyes grabbed his, narrowing at the same time I smiled. Is there anything you know about me that leads you to believe I fight fair?

Troys grin matched my own"threatening. A worthy opponent, he said, staring me over again. I wait decades to find the next one.

Consider your wait over and, unless you want to experience an Armageddon the instant Stel as laughable grip"I peaked my brows in reminder to that instance only weeks back in Germany"comes loose, you better let them go now.

Ah, idle threats. Troy flicked his ear my direction. What would I do without them and the sheer desperation in them? Turning away from me to the two parties with their captives, Troy nodded his head. End them.

So help me" I struggled, as effective as an ant stopping a shoe from squishing it.

Boys win! I knew you girls would be doing something lame like needlepoint or ... a new voice cal ed out from a materialized body right before Patrick took in the scene. His eyes scanned his sisters-in-law first before they leapt to me. There were few times Id seen Patrick scared, but this was definitely one of those times. It wasnt just fear, it was terror.

Get out of here! I shouted a beat before the six men grabbed him, but Patrick teleported a mil isecond before they had him. The charging men col ided into each other, rumbling the rafters.

Patrick flashed next beside Cora, his fist shattering into the jaw of the man holding her by the throat. He disappeared again, appearing the next instant in front of Abigail, driving his elbow into a mans exposed neck. The heap of men were righting themselves, some already moving in Patricks direction, but he disappeared right before one mans fist connected with his nose.

Appearing again by Cora, a left hook took out another one, sailing him into the loveseat.

Enough! Troy yel ed red-faced, before giving a slight nod to the captors holding me. It was instant, electrifying, and brought me to me knees despite the dozen hands holding me up.

I screamed, nothing decipherable but primal notes emitted in agony. I stuffed the scream back inside, the shock of it surfacing on my face, but I wouldnt give these men the satisfaction of knowing the pain I was feeling.

Patrick stal ed mid-strike, a horrified look taking the place of the prior concentration. Stop it! he yel ed, charging towards us, but four men barreled into him from behind before he could teleport away. Im warning you right now, he continued against the men seizing into him. You do that one more time and every last one of you wil be wheel-chairing your way through eternity.

Troy raised his hand and the sharpness of the pain dul ed, but the sting continued to spread like blood through my veins. I wanted to moan, I wanted to pant, I wanted to tremble, but more than I wanted any of that, I wanted to show these men just how little their best attempts could bring me down.

Wel , that was uneventful, Troy said, yawning. I expected something better than that coming from Patrick Hayward, but after that feeble attempt, Id have to say these girls put up a better fight. He squared himself in front of Patrick, pitching a bent arm high in the air before he released it into Patricks stomach. I saw the pain of it register in Patricks eyes, but nothing else gave Troy the pleasure of knowing hed hurt him. Patrick and I were more cut from the same fabric than I wanted to acknowledge.

Maybe Im just saving the best for last, Patrick said, his school boy sarcasm present even in the midst of this hopeless situation. How do you know Im not about to teleport every single one of these baboons into the middle of San Diego Zoos lions den, leave them for lioness fodder, and teleport my ass back here to get on with kicking yours?

Troy sighed, stretching his arms above him like this conversation was so boring he needed to perform calisthenics to keep from fal ing asleep. If you were able to teleport others, you would have already removed the woman you love from the room.

Patrick kept his face blank, giving nothing away, but I sensed the surprise register in him when Troys acknowledgement affirmed that Patricks best attempts at burying his feelings hadnt fooled him. His feelings sat so plainly on the surface, an emotional amoeba like Troy could pick up on them.

Wil iam might not notice the way you look at her, Troy said slowly, staring at Patrick staring at me. But I havent missed it.

I dont know what the hel youre talking about. Thankful y, because the day I start comprehending the ravings of a lunatic, Il know its time for the straight-jacket, Patrick responded, slow and seething.

Theres no need to play ignorant with me, boy. Wil iams not here to rip out your eyes for looking at her the way you do and believe me, I havent missed the way Miss Dawsons h*ps sway when she walks either.

You seem to like your tongue since you run it so much, Patrick said, glowering at Troy. So if youd like to keep it, youd better shut your mouth now before I not so surgical y remove it.

So fierce, so angry, so desperate to defend her, Troy said, his eyes excited from the male testosterone flowing. So much like Wil iam its scary.

Of course Im desperate to defend her, Patrick shouted, his facade of indifference crumbling. Shes my brothers girl!

How noble of you, Troy said, smirking at him. But no, its not just that, its something more, something that goes much deeper than brotherly loyalty.

Whatever you say, chief, Patrick said, looking like he had to force his eyes away from me.

Since youre so adamant Im wrong and I so rarely am, Id like to conduct an experiment, Troy began, the twinkle in his eyes making my stomach drop. Bring Bryn here. He motioned my captors to come towards Patrick. You say youre not in love with her. Convince me youre not.

How am I supposed to do that you crazy SOB? Patrick snapped, his eyes skipping between me and Troy as I was drug right in front of him. My face was so close to his I could feel his breath pulsing over my forehead.

Look at her, Troy demanded, propping a fist under his chin, observing us like we were some laboratory rats.

I am looking at her, crap for brains, he answered, his eyes continuing to shift between me, the seven around me affixed to different pieces of my body, and Troy.

Your attempts at deflecting your feelings for her by insulting my intel igence are lost on me, Troy laughed, before charging forward, ripping my hair back with one hand, and tilting my chin up with his other, angling it closer to Patricks.

Take your slimy hands off of her! Patrick shouted, struggling against the men holding him back.

LOOK AT HER! Troy yel ed, ripping my head farther back via my hair.

A whimper escaped from me.

Im going to break every bone in your damn body the next time I see you, Patrick snarled, fixing his eyes on me. This classify as looking to you?

Patricks eyes didnt waver away or close for a blink. He took me in, embracing me with those pale blue eyes as emotionlessly as Patrick was capable, but today it seemed he wasnt very capable of looking at me impassively. I saw his feelings as bright as the mid-day sun in the depths of those eyes, so intense it made me squirm.

He didnt need to say it to me again, his eyes were professing their love with as much conviction.

Very nice, Troy said, clapping. Im sensing Im more right than youd like to admit, Patrick, but to be one hundred percent certain, Id like to take this experiment one step farther.

My stomach took another bottom-out, already knowing where Troy was going with this. I didnt know if what was going to happen next or me keeping up with the mind of someone like Troy bothered me more.

Kiss her, Troy commanded, letting go of my hair and chin and taking a step back.

Patricks eyes widened before shadowing into slits. Thats like asking me to kiss a sister, you incestuous freak, he snarled at Troy before lunging towards me, pecking me on the lips. It could have contended for the title of worlds shortest kiss. Big deal. He shrugged, looking at Troy. Convinced yet Im not in love with my brothers girl?

Kiss her, Troy demanded again. Or else I wil and, as Bryns al too aware,"he grinned at me, raising an eyebrow"I dont exactly play gentle.

Memories of my head crashing into a brick wal , my cheeks burning from the heat of a slap, and Immortal grade barbed wire cutting through my wrists and ankles reminded me of Troys gentleness. But even with these reminders, I was on the fence with who Id rather have kiss me.

I wasnt worried about feeling anything for Patrick in a kiss, feelings didnt just emerge out of nowhere when mouth came in contact with mouth, but I was worried about his feelings increasing. Hearts didnt come back from that kind of heartbreak and I didnt want to be an active participant in sending Patricks over the cliff.

Looking back at Patrick, I could see his mind was already made up. His eyes were already there when his hands molded around my jaw line, tilting my head just so. His eyes didnt close until his lips closed over mine, unmoving at first. Patricks heart sounded like a train chasing me down the tracks when his lips moved against mine, smoothing and gently sucking with the skil of a man whod had countless decades and even more countless women to perfect his craft on.

Troys throaty chuckle was the next thing that entered my consciousness, but Patrick ignored it, his mouth growing urgent against mine. Now theres a man in love with a woman, Troy said, applauding our performance.

Patrick resurfaced to reality, his lips tapering in motion until they left mine, rushing back to press one sweet, and very final feeling, kiss into mine.

I couldnt look at him when my eyes opened. I didnt want to chance finding a look on his face that said everything between us had changed when I felt nothing had changed. Wed kissed, been forced to kiss, and as talented as he was in this department, it didnt impact me like Wil iams did. It didnt make me want to spend the rest of our lives doing nothing but this.

So let me explain how the rest of the nights going to go, Troy began, already looking bored by Patrick and me. The girls are going first, then you,"he tilted his head at Patrick"and then were leaving here with Bryn. Anyone need that repeated?

What do you mean the girls are going first? I asked, anxiety coiling my stomach. Going where?

Troys mouth curled up. To wherever and whatevers waiting for them on the other side, sugar.

Youve got me! I screamed, desperate as my eyes flitted between Cora and Abigails overwhelmed faces. You dont need to kil them, youve got me. Take me and leave them. Il go without a fight. My pleas were becoming urgent as Troy shook away each one with a wave of his hand. Why? I cried. Why do this to them? Theyve done nothing wrong.

Nothing except love me, was the explanation that came immediately. Id become the cheese in a mousetrap for too many loved ones and here Id unknowingly lured three more to their deaths. Why? My head fel , my goal of not showing emotion a moot point at this juncture.

For sport, Troy answered. And because one less Hayward, not to mention three less Haywards, makes my world a damn finer place to live in.

He scanned the room, sneering at the four of us, looking at me last. Thats why. Dont pity them, death would be better than where were sending you.

Without another word, Troy lifted his arms to the men holding Cora and Abigail, as if to say, anytime today and, as instantly as Id cried out minutes ago, the girls were too. A chorus of wailing erupted that made Patrick look like he was being split down the center and made me feel the same way.

His eyes squeezed shut when Cora let out a particularly shril scream, but they flashed open a second later, a glint of hope in them that hadnt been there before. Noggin bonkin, he whispered to me, waiting for it to register.

One of the thousands of Patrick-slang terms for various strength training techniques. This was one of his favorites and one he regularly liked to inflict on his brothers for no other reason than blood relation. Brace yourself, he said, thrusting back his head before rocketing it straight into mine.

He held nothing back"my brain felt like a scrambled egg and had about the same IQ at the moment. Thankful y, Patrick was there to think for me.

Unleash the beast, Bryn, he hol ered, just before the heel of Troys dress shoe connected with his jaw.

The impact of my head whipping back created enough momentum to unhook several sets of hands from my skin. I wasnt sure which ones or if hers stil were locked in position, but I didnt waste any time turning to find out.

My skin sparked from the rage, veining into every pore within the time it took Troys eyes to widen with disbelief. Touch her, Stel a! he hol ered.

Now!

But it was too late, far too late. Whoever was stil attached to some piece of me fel to the floor, living or dying I didnt care. Patricks bril iant on-the-fly plan had worked in stal ing Cora and Abigails deaths and getting Troys attention.

So here we are again, I said, glaring at Troy. Im the one with al the power and you have none.

I raised my hand to stop Troys response. Before you say anything, this is the deal Im wil ing to make. And while I might not be able to take out al your men before I go down, we both know theres only one Im gunning for first. The smugness from Troys face had drained at my jailbreak and, instead of looking at a twenty year old girl he could play games with, he was looking at me like I was the angel of death ... who was down on my quota for the month.

You let the three of them go from here unharmed, not fol owed, and left alone for the rest of their lives"along with al the Haywards"and I wil go with you wil ingly without a struggle, I smirked, crossing my arms, or else Im zapping the first one dumb enough to touch me.

No deal, Patrick stated like he had a say in my deal, which he didnt. And as a friendly reminder, I real y hate it when you play the martyr.

Shut up, Patrick, I said, keeping my eyes on Troy.

He was considering, at least to the best of his dimwitted ability. When he crossed his arms, I knew Id won the most important battle of this war.

You drive a hard bargain"

Thats the great thing about having al the power, Troy. You can. I let my arms rise as I took a few steps towards him. He al but lunged backwards.

Fine, Troy said, stil side-stepping around me. Let them go as soon as we have her.

Stupid is your job, I said, picking up my pace in his direction. Let them go now.

What reassurances do I have that youl come with us if I let them go first? Troy asked, stumbling over a chair leg.

None, I said calmly, but its not like you have any other options at the moment.

One side of Troys lip snarled up. Let them go, he commanded, keeping his eyes on me.

The three parties released the Haywards and made their way around me. You guys can go now, I said to the three frozen forms staring at me.

Girls, you go, Patrick said, nodding at the slider. Neither moved.

Listen to me right now, you three, I said, my annoyance shifting to desperation. Leave, I begged. Get out of here. The only way you can help me is by leaving and going back to live your lives. Please, I said, proud of myself for sounding stronger than I felt.

Patrick grabbed both of the girls and nearly tossed them outside the slider, locking it closed before shouldering through the men bearing down on me. He stopped right in front of me, too close given my current condition. Leaning his head to the side of mine, he whispered, Wel find you.

I nodded, knowing that wherever Troy was taking me was un-findable, but if Patricks vow made it easier for him to leave me behind, Id happily nod my acknowledgement.

He smiled the rarest one Patrick had in his arsenal, a vulnerable one. Stay strong, kil er. He winked, turning away from me and marching in Troys vicinity. Stopping inches in front of him, Patrick said, Im real y looking forward to the next time I see you. Im going to bring my little friend revenge along with me. Cant wait to introduce you two. With one more look back my way, Patrick grinned before jogging to the slider and disappearing behind it.

I felt as close to joyous as one could given the situation and that the tables would soon be shifting favor away from me.

I see Patrick Hayward is stil quite capable of one of the things he does best, Troy sneered out the slider door. Turning and leaving.

As twenty men advanced towards me with beefy outstretched arms and vacant expressions, my instinct was to do the same, but I stayed rooted where I was.

And now its time to hold up your end of the deal, beautiful, Troy turned to me, victorious. Time to drop your defenses ... quite literal y.

I worked up my final reserves of courage, forcing my gift to take a hiatus when times like this were exactly the time to use it. Irony was the funniest of things, although I wasnt laughing.

Feeling the last of it evaporating off, I shrugged. Come and get me.

Stel a, Troy said, pointing to me. Youre up.

If you think Im going to be the first one to touch her, youre dumber than you look, she snapped back. Send one of the expendable meat-heads in to test the waters.

You are such a pain in my ass and, just so you know your place, honey, if it wasnt for your gift, Troy said, glaring her way, youd be expendable too.

Here, I said, lunging at the nearest man and touching his chest. Problem solved. Ape-man is stil standing. Im perfectly safe to touch for al your wrathful beating pleasure. I made sarcasm and a smile my way of staying in control of a situation I had none in.

However, I had control of myself and that was al we ever had anyways. I couldnt direct where theyd take me or how Id be treated or how long my days would run, but I could control my every response to what lay ahead. And I would.

Youre a brave little kitten, Troy said as Stel a came my direction. Too bad your days are numbered. He was trying to inject some fear into me, but I smiled wickedly back at him.

They always have been.

CHAPTER TWELVE

BLACK BOX

It was black, the unseeing kind that even my Immortal eyes couldnt cut through. I couldnt be sure how long wed been travel ing in some sort of vehicle with a sack cinched over my head, but it had been long enough to lose track of time. If I had to guess, Id say a day. Maybe two? Maybe less? The hard thing about suffocating blackness was its ability to slow time to a near standstil .

Not that time real y mattered, anyways. Whether an hour or a week had gone by, it didnt change that wherever I ended up would be the last place Id visit in this life. My body stil throbbed from the fists thrown against it; these men were definitely not against hitting a woman and it made me wonder if Stel as gift also incapacitated my ability to recover or if these men were particularly skil ed at landing a punch in the right spot. Knowing John, knowing Troy, I guessed it was both.

The vehicle skidded to a stop and, before I had time to wonder if wed hit a red light or almost hit an armadil o crossing the road in Amaril o, I was pul ed from my seat and tossed over a shoulder. A hand stayed gripped to my arm, the claw-like nails and my absent power enough of an explanation as to who the hand belonged to.

There were no sounds other than the rumble of feet jogging over a hard surface, no sounds of moving water or chirping birds or automobiles or anything that would give me something to narrow down the options that I could be just about anywhere in the North American continent.

There were no scents that would distinguish if I was inside or outside other than a mans cheap smel ing, spicy cologne. A couple of minutes later, something that sounded like a heavy door groaned open.

It isnt a home with al the comfort of a Haywards not-so-humble abode, but it wil just have to suffice as home sweet home for now. Since for now is only a few days and al you have left, Troy said, laughing.

The man whose shoulder I was hung over tossed me potato-sack style to the ground. It was grainy smooth like concrete and cold.

Enjoy your humble quarters, Troy said, as I realized that, for the first time in hours, there wasnt a hand adhered to my shoulder. Stretch your legs out, go ahead and make yourself comfortable.

Before I could react, verbal y or physical y, the same door that had just opened closed shut and the rumble of laughter was cut-off mid-note. The bag over my head was stil in place, along with the ankle and wrist restraints I knew better than to try to break through. I was bunched into a bal lying on the concrete, so I attempted to stand"its much harder than youd think when youre bound and blinded"but my head crashed against a wal before Id barely risen from a sitting position.

That couldnt be the ceiling, please God tel me that wasnt the ceiling. I could feel the hyperventilation setting in with just the possibility. I reached my bound wrists above me and, sure enough, before theyd progressed more than a few inches above my head, they hit a ceiling. A ceiling and I was sitting, semi hunched over. I was going to lose it if they kept me in here longer than a few minutes.

Running my hands across the ceiling, I found where it ran into a wal , not more than a couple of feet away. Moving them back directly above me, I did the same until my fingers traced the seam of the wal in front, behind, and the other one to the side of me. One of my worst fears had just been realized. I was locked in a three by three foot, dark, cold, concrete room. My hands and ankles bound.

This was one of those moments I knew I could crack in the space of time from one second to the next. I was experiencing one of those primal, runaway train, barreling towards insanity moments and there would be no one or nothing to offer any comfort if I let myself go any further down this track.

Lifting my knees, I lowered my head to them, imagining Montana. The fields that rol ed on forever, the expansive sky overhead, the feel of the crisp air breaking across my skin, Wil iams hand in mine ... I felt calm trickle its relief into my bloodstream, dul ing my senses just enough to regain control of them.

This was nothing but Johns way of trying to break me, showing me who was in control. This was nothing more than a smal room. A very smal room. A room couldnt break me, a room couldnt change me. I was the only one capable of doing that and I was stronger than losing it after two minutes in a box ... in a smal room.

I lifted my wrists to my necklace, grabbing the sapphire hanging from the chain, a tangible reminder of Wil iams unfailing love. And in this cold, dank box, it was the hope I held onto.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

NIGHTMARE INCARNATE

I knew the box was meant to disorient me, make me lose track of time, sense, and self, but it was almost twenty-four hours to the minute"having nothing else to do, I busied myself with counting the seconds, then the minutes, and last, the hours"when the door screeched open.

A burst of fresh air swirled around me as someone grabbed me and dragged me out of my new little home.

Stel a, a voice said impatiently.

Had to make sure she wasnt going to kil me before I touched her, she sneered back, that al too familiar hand circling around my arm.

Am I your guinea pig or something? the man asked, a voice I didnt recognize, as he forced me into a chair.

Yes, Stel a answered, no tone of apology present.

A strap was pul ed over my lap, cinched tight across it. This whole thing was starting to feel a bit too experimental for my comfort and the only thing I could think of was Hectors fear that John would use me to try to replicate my gift"or curse was more how I viewed it"to deal out death with a mere touch of the skin.

The bag was ripped off my head and my eyes blinked open. The first thing I noticed was the light swaying above me; it was one of those lights you saw in movies or documentaries depicting torture chambers. I never would have guessed a light had such power to begin the process of unraveling me al over again.

A movement in front of me caught my attention. I focused on the figure, knowing anything would be better than staring at the metal, circular, swinging lamp.

I was wrong.

It had been over half a year, but the nightmares had never dul ed in frequency or vividness and, seeing him now, observing me like I was a possession, reminded me why.

John, I said, giving it my best attempt at sounding unaffected. So nice to see you again. You look better than the last time I saw you. I smiled, mostly contrived, but part real as I remembered his crippled form breaking through the Council table after Id nearly kil ed al the Council members as they were trying to do the same to me.

Bryn, Bryn, Bryn, he mused, marching straight for me. How Ive missed you. His hand flew against my cheek, just as ice cold as before, although the sting he left behind was so icy it burnt.

Feeling a shift from fear to provocation, I laughed. Ive missed being your bitch-slapping bag, too. Feels like youre out of practice, I said, sucking in my freshly slapped cheek.

Troys right, you have managed to grow more spirited, more confrontational, John said, staring me straight on. Lets see what becomes of these newly heightened traits when you see what youre to blame for. Turning to the metal door behind him, John hol ered, Bring them in!

The door flung open before I was able to cripple with fear at who could be coming through that door. Despite the desire to protect them as much as I loved them, John saw my weak spot for those I loved and he wasnt above using this knowledge to get what he wanted.

One of Johns men walked in, carrying another man over his shoulders. A man wearing casual beach attire... and who wasnt moving. Johns man threw him down in front of me, face-up. I didnt know his name, but I recognized his face. Hed been one of Wil iams many personal guards that were rotated through, at least hed been that before. A person didnt need to confirm with a pulse that this man was dead.

You did this, John said, gazing over the sprawled out man like he was a pile of manure. And you did this, he said, as another body was heaped on top of the man.

I gasped, immediately wishing I hadnt, but how"even with my best efforts"could I remain calm in the midst of such unconscionable death?

This next man, another face of one of Wil iams guards, dressed in the same kind of attire that youd see tourists wearing at the Oregon Coast ...

at Pacific City. I hated when these kinds of light bulbs went off. Johns blame of me being responsible for their deaths made sense now, specific sense.

Wil iam was not about to let the three of us girls go away alone without some kind of protection in place. We hadnt even known they were there, as invisible as ghosts theyd been, and now theyd joined them. It should have warmed my heart to know Wil iam cared so much for us, but warmth was something my heart was incapable of as I stared at two lifeless faces I was responsible for taking the life from.

And you also did this, John repeated, his eyes scalding on me, wanting to devour my every reaction.

The next figure flung to the pile was a young girl who had a beautiful face in that sweet, innocent kind of way.

Annabel e, I whispered, a sob pouring from my mouth as I took in her ashen, lifeless face, her eyes stil opened in their horrification at her last moments. The diamond choker was on her neck, no longer sparkling despite the flawless cuts of the stones. Why? The only thing I could bring to the surface.

John grinned with no less malice than Id ever seen. Guilty by association, he said, walking over a few arms and legs towards me. Grabbing my chin, he lifted it until I was looking into his startlingly calm eyes. I think my pets gotten enough fresh air for one day. She isnt looking so good. Time to put her back in her cage. His eyes wandered to my lips.

I actual y had a flash of hope that he would try to put his mouth on mine because I wouldnt hesitate to bite a chunk of them off. The mix of horror and rage pulsing through me hed instigated by piling innocent bodies in front of me brought out sheer animal instincts. Perhaps seeing this in my eyes, or knowing I was eager to take whatever piece of revenge I could from him, his lips stayed away.

He nodded to the men standing to the side of me who went into action unbuckling me, repositioning the bag over my head, and dragging me back into my prison.

Welcome home, Bryn, was the last thing I knew Id hear for awhile as the door sealed me away.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

A MOST WELCOME GUEST

Two days, thirteen hours, twenty-four minutes, and a handful of seconds later, I wasnt sure if there was any going back from the crazy that had burrowed its way in after hearing nothing but silence, seeing nothing but black, smel ing nothing but the musty scent of the burlap bag over my face, and moving no more than an inch in this direction or an inch in that direction.

You would have thought Id been in solitary confinement for years the way my emotions would swing from panic to terror to fury to depressed"it was like living a never-ending bout of PMS to the tenth power. There couldnt have been a more effective means of torture, caging me like this, and I knew my tight accommodations had everything to do with John and his wanting to break me. Knowing this was the only thing that kept me from going that final step towards breaking"the anger over it kept me just north of crazy-land.

The first day Id kept my anger on the tip of my mind in order to make it easier to keep my gift buzzing on the surface of my skin because the next time someone grabbed me out of my box, that would be the last thing theyd do. However, it was exhausting to keep that kind of power focused and alive and Id gotten my first and only few hours of sleep since entering the child-sized cave three days ago after Id exhausted its power.

Id done my best to keep my mind from thoughts of Wil iam. You would have thought reminders of him would comfort me in this prison, but, instead, imagining that kind of light in this kind of darkness was nearly as agonizing as my confines. Every time wed been separated in the past, Id had the comfort of knowing we were each staring at the same night sky, but not now. The black void was so suffocating I could barely remember how the stars sparkled. So I focused on revenge and anger and what Id do the next time I came face to face with John Townsend without metal restraints, lap belts, and Stel as hand.

One second I was in the grips of the chil stale air swerving around me and in the next, a warm, comforting set of arms wound over me.

Have room for one more? a light voice whispered in my ear as his body contorted around me and the rooms parameters. Okay, this is not helping my phobia of dark, enclosed places. Im going to need a double dose of therapy this week, Patrick grunted as he struggled to bring his leg around.

The shock of the heat and feel of having something good around me overwhelmed any verbal response and, as if sensing it, Patrick tucked his chin over my shoulder and rocked me towards calm. Wil iam wanted me to pass on a message, but since hes a dirty-birdy and I wont repeat those filthy words ..."I didnt need the light to imagine Patrick smile"to sum it up, PG style, he misses you, loves you, and cant wait to see you again.

Really cant wait to see you again, especial y if it means post-Union.

The present situation wouldnt have been conducive to smiling save for one thing: Patrick. So, howve you been? he asked playful y.

The dAcors a little lacking and the room is smal er than the pictures made it look, but the after dinner mint on my pil ow every night makes up for al those lesser comforts, I answered dryly.

He chuckled. Let me get this thing off of you, he said, pul ing the mask off my face. It was just as dark without it, but the air moving over my face felt cooler and less sticky than it did after festering in a burlap bag.

When he moved to my wrists and I felt him ready to clip them, I stopped him. Dont. Theyl know someone was here if my bindings are cut.

Patrick stal ed, like he was fighting against every instinct not to free me, before sighing. Theyre animals. Im going to kil every last one of them Wil iam doesnt, he said, anger seeping through.

And Il finish those you two leave behind, I said, letting my head fal back onto his shoulder. But make sure to save me a few. Ive got a bad case of payback needing to be released.

Deal, he said, rewrapping his arms around me, drawing me tight into him because, wel , there wasnt any space to al ow for a personal bubble.

How in the world did you find me? I asked, wondering if this was nothing more than something my crazed mind was making up in its warped state. I assured myself that this had to be real because if and when I lost it, it would be Wil iam visiting me. And where in the world am I? How are Cora and Abigail and"

Slow your rol there, Bryn, Patrick said. Il answer any and every question you have but one at a time. I dont have the brain capacity of Wil iam.

Sorry, I offered, trying again. Where am I? I even said it slowly to show my cooperation.

Good ol Newburg, Oregon. Townsend Manor, to be exact, he answered.

The location surprised me, despite it being the most logical place John would bring me. The endless journey here had been an attempt to disorient me"it had worked"and, other than the Council chambers in the seeming bowels of the earth, I hadnt seen a single room in Townsend Manor that wasnt marbled or gold leafed to the point of offensive.

This box and the room that contained it didnt fit with Townsend Manor, but it did in a way ... in a way that had to do with its sick and twisted owner.

How did you find me? I asked, trapping the next question that was on the tip of my tongue. Having no company for days had made me especial y accommodating, even when it came to Patrick.

I told you I would, he answered, like it was something as simple as simple could be, before adding, and after father was able to locate your approximate location I might have had a little help from a slight Latin male Morpher known as Norberto, Patrick answered, his head tilting into the wal as a chuckle rol ed out. Currently posing as a flaming hot Swedish maid, and let me tel you, the French kind have nothing on the Swedes.

Hes here? I asked. At Townsend Manor?

Patricks head nodded. After he got a taste of death-induced adrenaline running from Inheritors back in Nicaragua, he practical y came begging to me for another hit. Since Johns a little sensitive to imposters infiltrating his Al iance, a Morphers the only one that we could slip in here, so we took him off Wil iam guard dog detail and hoped he could sniff out some information regarding your precise whereabouts. Turns out, my man Norberto is a very gifted sniffer.

I sighed, feeling gratitude and guilt. If not for Norberto, I would stil be alone and lost, but I also knew he was risking his life"again"snooping out this kind of information and sending it back to the right people in our Al iance.

If he didnt know it by now, he would soon. Coming to Wil iams or my defense is a death wish.

Although hel be the last one we need to worry about slipping in after we take this whole Inheritor circus"including its ring leader"down, Patrick said, his body tensing against mine.

From what Wil iam said, it could be awhile before that happens. If it ever happens, I replied, knowing what that meant. Id stay trapped in this cel or Id be dead long before. There were moments in the box when I would have taken death over an extended stay curled into myself by the six wal s surrounding me. It seemed easier, but I had to keep reminding myself that the easy path and the right path are rarely the same.

Its already happening, Patrick said. Wil iams banding the Guardian Al iances together. Theyre working together in the best interest of the whole instead of the best interest of each individual Al iance. Almost every last one is wil ing to join the fight, or at the very least, support the fight. Patrick drove his fist into one of the wal s; even against his strength, the material it was made of didnt give any. In short, that equals out to John Townsend and his whole power hungry, tastelessly dressed, wil ing to hurt girls in his quest for world domination, operations going down.

Theyre coming here? I asked, not wanting to think the next thought, let alone give it air. Wil iams coming here? Our last day at Townsend Manor, before Id been as close to death as I had been just once before, John had warned Wil iam to never return, promising death the next time he made an appearance.

I mean, what kind of sick SOB hurts a girl? Patrick continued on to himself, unaware of the panic I was experiencing thinking about Wil iam coming through those front doors again. Il tel you who. Someone who wants to get their face smashed in by my boot, thats who.

He didnt sound like hed be letting up on his latest soap box in the next few minutes, so I interrupted. Wil iams trying to fulfil the prophecy, I said, less of a question than a statement. Hes been able to unite the Al iances because they al think by taking down John and this Al iance, everything wil be al copacetic again? Their precious balance wil be restored? I said, knowing Immortal lives would be the cost.

They dont think this wil restore their precious balance, he quoted back to me. They know it wil . Patrick waited a few seconds for that to settle in, knowing Id need it. Vanquishing John is what the prophecies point to, whether you like it or not, sister. In thousands of years, Immortals have never experienced such chaos in both ours and the Mortals worlds. Whether or not this is the exact instant in time the dead prophets refer to doesnt matter because the living Guardians believe it is.

Believe it is? Dont you mean, they know it is? I said, throwing it back in his face.

Dont mix up my words in your unfailing quest to be the worlds greatest cynic. You know what I mean, he replied, unaffected. This is it. The age we al hoped wed never see come, but al hoped we would in an egotistical kind of way so wed go down as heroes in Immortal history until the end of time.

Heroes? Seriously? I said, disgusted. We werent talking about a backyard game of save the princess from the plastic three foot tal castle, we were talking about the lives of hundreds, maybe even thousands.

This is the stuff heroes are made of, Patrick said, his tone so eager I knew no amount of convincing otherwise from me would work. Capitol H to the fin "ero.

So this is it, I whispered. Wil iam certainly didnt have to wait long for the pinnacle of his chosen one duties to come to a head. I bet hes regretting he agreed to it now. Especial y since the reason he did was probably going to die in the concrete depths of Townsend Manor.

Are you kidding me? Hes the reason every ones coming together. Its creepy how one word from him has the ability to stop the squabbling and bring everyone together. He real y is the chosen one, they were right al along, Patrick said, sounding proud instead of patronizing as he normal y did when he spoke of Wil iams duty.

Im sure it was a proud thing to have your brother be the one to, for dramatic flare, save the world, but for me, I wanted nothing to do with the man I loved leading the charge through Townsend Manors wal s.

Hed attained hero status to me months ago and there was nothing more he needed to do to keep it.

So the prophecies are coming true, I said to myself. The Council must be jumping for as much joy as they are capable.

Its freaky. I felt Patrick nod. Its like watching a history book play out, page for page, and Im right in the middle of it. Its pretty freakin awesome, actual y.

I sighed. When wil men learn that war is not pretty freakin awesome, I repeated. The day you morons figure that out is the day we might see an end to it. Did you and your gangbuster Immortals ever think about that as youre trying to restore peace? When did Wil iam become a believer that death is the only way to bring about peace? I was getting flustered and the enclosed space only aggravated it.

Whoa, slow down, John Lennon, Patrick said, rubbing my arms with his hands. Were not saying wars the ideal avenue for anything, but do you see any other solution when it comes to getting John and his goons to back down?

He let the question hang in the air, taking my silence as my answer.

Precisely, there is no other option and you know as wel as I do that countless lives"Mortal and Immortal"wil be lost the longer he goes unchal enged. And Wil iam"just between you and me"could give a crap about fulfil ing his chosen one detail. Hes only orchestrating this epic battle for the most important thing in the world.

Whats that? I asked.

To save his girl, he answered, his hands ceasing their rubbing.

Patrick, I said, my voice grave, between you and me, I dont think Ive got much longer. Johns grown desperate, wel , more desperate, and I think he expects something big is coming his way. If he does what I think he wil ... I swal owed, closing my eyes. Please dont let Wil iam be the one to find me. Okay?

Youre not going to die, Patrick vowed. This thing is going to happen soon. Like days soon, okay? So do me a favor and put on that antagonistic, nothing can knock me down attitude that John finds incredibly sexy, not to mention me,"I elbowed him"and hang in there a few more days. Think you can do that?

I chose not to respond to his questions since that would only result in an argument. How are Abigail and Cora? I asked, sure Id never be able to rid my mind of their faces when Troys men had tried to kil them.

Theyre fine, although I wouldnt want to be Troy or any of those maggots he brought along with him that night, he said, shivering with Patrick-flair.

Let me guess, Nathanial and Joseph are going to annihilate whoever had the smal est hand in organizing that night, right? I said, knowing Wil iams brothers were just as protective of their women as he was of his.

Wel , yeah, to put it gently, but the only one Id be more terrified of than them is a tempestuous bal of fury with a current vendetta to rid the world of foul-mouthed, kil ing happy, ghastly dressed Inheritors ... he said, building the drama like only Patrick could, a tiny, five foot nothing woman named Cora Hayward.

Shes mad? I said, and while I was sure she would be, I didnt assume this would be the one that would overshadow the other emotions shed surely feel after being held captive by Johns men.

Shes madder than Ive ever seen a person. Josephs going to have to tape her down with Immortal strength duct tape to make sure she doesnt fol ow us into battle. Hel hath no fury for a woman threatened with death, he said, lowering his voice.

Before he ran away with himself, I sent him on a detour. Did you tel him yet?

When Patricks head thumped against the wal behind us, I knew hed understood exactly what Id asked in my vague question. Yes, he said, offering nothing more.

And? I pressed.

First off, I dont think there is anything worse than having to look your brother in the eye and tel him you fel in love with his girl, and second, if you do have to tel him that, make sure hes preoccupied with saving the world and saving said girl from the monsters of it.

So he wasnt upset? I asked, finding it equal y hard to believe and not believe.

No. He was furious, but it was quick-lived. I think he knows I dont stand a chance in hel that youd choose me over him, not that Id ever want you to make that choice ... because I dont think my ego could take that kind of a blow.

So everythings good between you guys? No hard feelings, we can al get back to the same as it was before? Providing I survive this whole thing, which was highly doubtful at the moment.

If you qualify me never getting to look at you again, Wil iam putting me in a ful body cast for the rest of eternity and shipping me to the middle of nowhere, then yeah, everything wil be back to normal, he said, chuckling at the end.

Im glad you got that off your back and he accepted your apology. You feel better having it off your shoulders? I asked, resituating my back against his chest. The close quarters that forced our bodies so tightly together probably wasnt the ideal way to help a man get over the woman he was in love with, but until there was another option, wed have to make it work.

I guess so, but Ive got something to apologize to you for, too, he said, managing to twist his face towards me where I knew our eyes would be locking if it wasnt black as black could be. Im sorry I kissed you back in Pacific City.

Its not like you real y had a choice. Avoiding death is a justifiable reason for kissing me, I said. Youre forgiven.

Yeah, but Im sorry for the way I kissed you. I wasnt exactly in a hurry to end that kiss, or holding back.

I laughed nervously. I was there. I remember. The memory of it brought heat to my cheeks. The embarrassed, awkward kind of heat. And for the record, I can see why youre such a hit with the ladies. Youre a very good kisser, I said, trying to sound as conventional as I could.

You think Im a good kisser? he asked, fishing for details most likely. Details he would not be getting.

In that practiced, technical kind of way, I explained. Not in that I felt sparks and the world moved kind of way.

I never thought Id see the day where a girl would describe my kissing as technical, Patrick said, shaking his head. The end times real y are upon us.

It was so comforting being with Patrick, having a piece of home and a piece of Wil iam with me in this personal hel . It was like hed surrounded me in a bubble of light and the last thing I wanted to do was pop it, but too much time had passed already and John could be returning to retrieve me from my cel any time. You better get going. I dont want anyone to find you here, even if its just a second before you teleport out of here.

Yeah, I know, he said, fol owed by a sigh. But the thought of leaving you alone in here is tearing me up inside. I dont know if I can do it.

Il be fine, I lied, squeezing one of his arms with my bound wrists. But maybe you could stop by and say hi every now and then?

Every hour until we bust through the front door and burn this place to the ground, he said with conviction. Sound good?

I knew Patrick had better things to do than check in on me every hour and Wil iam might not have liked the idea, but it would keep my mind from having an irreversible break with my soul ... or at least delay it.

Sounds great, I answered. And thank you. Thank you for finding me and tel ing Wil iam and making me feel better.

Oh wait, he said, slapping his forehead. I almost forgot. Wil iam wanted me to give you something. Readjusting us, Patrick fought to get his arm in his pants pocket. Fishing free whatever he was searching for, he flattened my palm wide. He explicitly said I was not to put it on you, but to put it in your palm for you to put on.

My brows went together. Why cant you put it on me? I asked.

A cool metal band, propped up by the impressive size of the stone centered on it, dropped into my palm. Thats why.

A tear slid down my face, fol owed by another, no warning theyd be surfacing. A myriad of emotions too strong to control released them.

You know what it is? he asked.

Yes, I choked out, sniffling.

Are you alright?

Of course I am, I said, laughing through the tears. The man I love just had his brother who feels the same way drop a wedding ring in my hand ...

or a Union ring, whatever it is, I said, closing my fingers over it. Almost instantly, it warmed at my touch.

Its a promise of forever, no matter what you want to cal it.

It gave me strength just having it in my hands, knowing this promise was waiting for me if I made it out of this box, this room, and this mansion, alive. Take it with you, Patrick, I said, trying to push it back in his hands. I dont want John seeing it and taking it away. I couldnt stand it. My desire to wear the ring was al -encompassing, but the thought of John ripping it off my finger and tossing it out with the garbage overcame my want to wear it.

No way, he said, keeping his hands bal ed into fists. Wil iam wants that on your hand and if I go back there with it in mine, he wil be crushed.

Dont do that to him, dont do that to me. His arm moved against me in a close confines, shoulder nudging equivalent way. You know I cant stand to be around him when hes al mopey.

But if John sees it, hel take it, I said, knowing my objections were useless.

Who cares? Theres more than one diamond ring out there, but theres only one man you love, Patrick sighed with drama, as youve made so obviously clear. If John takes the ring, big deal, Wil iam wil get you another, but John can never take away the promise behind that ring.

I know that, I said, wanting to add the term sil y at the end.

Then dont let him. Wear the ring from the man that loves you, focus on what would make him happy, not on what would make John unhappy.

Again, I said, shaking my head. Your depth of emotional understanding amazes me. Youre like the Buddha of love.

That may be the worst attempt at a compliment Ive ever been given, he said, giving me a quick squeeze before unwinding his arms from me. So youl wear it?

Il wear it, I said, the dark confines not able to put a damper on the excitement I felt.

Phew, he said, blowing out a string of air. I dont know why you have to make everything so difficult.

We dont have time to get into that, I replied, pinching the ring between my fingers on my right hand, positioning it over my ring finger of my left.

Put the mask back on, I remembered, eliciting a heavy sigh from him, but he did as I asked. Patrick was like me in that, even though we might not have wanted to, we did what we had to.

Il see you in an hour, he said, dropping a quick kiss on my temple before the mask slid over it.

I nodded as he disappeared, leaving me alone again, but the warmth and promise situating into its final resting place on my finger fil ed the empty space with an intangible form of Wil iam. I sighed, finding peace in the most unlikely of places.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

IMMORTAL ARMAGEDDON

Patrick kept his promise, not missing a single hour of the past three days. It was like finding my own little piece of heaven inside of hel . He didnt stay longer than a minute or two, apparently the Guardians were getting close to attacking Townsend Manor and there were a lot of things he was responsible for, but each time I saw him, he had some new joke of the Cracker Jack box quality and some message from Wil iam to leave me with.

Sometimes it was only a word, other times it was a sentence, but Id lived my life the past seventy-two hours waiting for these words from Wil iam.

I hadnt seen John or anyone else on his side of Inheritor insanity since the first time and that was more troubling than it was comforting. When it came to Johns kind of evil, I adhered to the keep your friends close and your enemies closer adage and, despite being held in his manor, Id seen more of Patrick than him. Things were quiet, not only because I was trapped in a black void, but because I felt it bal ooning around me and I knew the quiet was going to be bursting soon.

Not more than a minute later, Patrick appeared. Hed left me not even a half hour ago, but this wasnt what alerted me; his whole body was rigid with adrenaline and anticipation.

Its starting, he said, excited.

Fear crippled me as I imagined Wil iam pounding down Townsend Manors front door. He wasnt the kind of man who would accept any other position than at the front line and my only hope was the Council. It was a sad day when my last hope was the Council, but I had to believe they wouldnt let their chosen one lead the charge into the Sparta of Immortals.

No matter if that door magical y opens, I dont want you to move a toe from this clown box, you got that? he asked, shaking my shoulders gently.

Is there anything in our experiences together that would number one: lead you to believe Id stay huddled in a hole while people I cared about were in danger, and number two: that Id listen to any order you gave me? I asked, drawing my words out slowly in an effort to keep him in here with me as long as possible and out of the battle.

Listen to me, damn it, he snapped. I know we tease and bicker and make it our mission to give the other a hard time, but I need you to do what Im asking. And its not just me asking, Wil iams the one who asked me to tel you to stay put until he comes for you.

Im sorry, Patrick, and you can give my sentiments to Wil iam as wel , but Im not going to sit on my butt while the man whos tried to kil any Hayward he can get his hands on"

Not to mention you, he mumbled, but I didnt let it detour me.

"kil ed Annabel e and a couple of Wil iams guards, chased me around half of Europe, burnt down Wil iams home, tied me up twice with hel wire, and threw me in this black hole for a seeming decade, is final y being brought to justice, I ranted, knowing my evidence in my defense of why I should be al owed to unleash some revenge was fal ing on deaf ears. And he was responsible for making you kiss me, I stated like it was the worst offense, shuddering with exaggeration.

Its you they want, Bryn ... obviously. I felt his arms open to capacity to make his point. Stay here, stay safe, let us take care of these slugs, and Wil iam or I wil come for you. Okay?

I was silent, fuming, and resistant. I was sick of being asked to take a backseat while everyone else put their eternities on the line. I wouldnt agree to Patricks appeal and I wouldnt stay put if that door opened.

Patrick waited a few more seconds for my answer, but receiving none, he sighed. Alright, silence is good enough for me. Thank you for your cooperation, he deadpanned, throwing his arms around me suddenly. He pul ed me tight against him, his muscles already quivering from the adrenaline hed be putting to good use in seconds. Im off to help save the world. See you in a few, he whispered, disappearing.

I knew it would be starting soon, probably in the next minute or two. Wil iam was only holding off whatever Guardian army hed assembled to wait for Patricks return, knowing his brother would have it no other way than joining him on the front lines. There was a part of me that wished I could sleep through the next hour or day or however long it took for it to be over, but at the same time I felt like I owed everyone a floor above me the respect of experiencing each second of the horror theyd be facing.

It was only a few more minutes before I heard the crash of something huge fal ing to the ground, fol owed by the rumble of hundreds, maybe even thousands, of footfal s vibrating the floor above. It didnt take long for the noise up above to grow in intensity, a muted roar interjected by loud rumbles or sharp crashes, sounding like Townsend Manor was being torn apart by hand.

My own adrenaline was shooting through every nerve ending, begging to be released. Al my limbs began popping in motion"waiting, anticipating, worrying.

I didnt wait long and, although I thought it would take significantly longer and thered be more fanfare associated with it, the dwarf-sized door in front of me opened. The mask was torn from my head and the wire banding my wrists and ankles coiled free right after.

The light of the room did a blinding job on me; a sheet of white was the only thing I could see. Rubbing my eyes, I tried to hurry my Immortal twenty-twenty vision back. It helped some, but the figure crouching in front of me was not Wil iam or Patrick, that much was obvious to even someone as impaired as I was at present.

Hurry, a voice instructed. It was familiar, but not enough so I could make an identification without a face. Get out of here.

I didnt think it was the smartest idea to let this nameless acquaintance in on my temporary blindness, but given he hadnt tried to kil or severely maim me yet, by that merit alone he couldnt have been one of Johns.

Who are you? I asked, expecting one of Wil iams guards to name himself. My vision was clearing and a standard issue black suit, combined with a tight haircut, was breaking through.

Andre, the man answered, bringing on a flood of memories that didnt inspire nostalgia.

I instinctively shrunk back from him. What are you doing? I asked, sure this was some kind of ploy to bait me out, but since I didnt see anyone else accompanying him"namely the female counterpart to John"I focused on buzzing my gift to the surface. I was past the point of mercy. Long past it. Just the shortest touch and this man would be dead. I could feel the intensity of this past week, this past year, bringing a potent charge of it to the surface.

He sighed, backing away a few feet from me, giving me space. Im an Inheritor through and through, in the way we were intended to be. Im not one of Johns mutated Inheritor mutts. Not any more, at least. He was becoming more focused so I could now see the lines running through his forehead. Our mission may not be to protect life, but it isnt to end life either. His words and expression seemed to be sincere, but I wasnt buying it.

Not coming from a man whod served John so wel in the past.

Thats convenient, isnt it? I said with acid. Since an army of Guardians busted through your front door and wil be cleaning up the mess upstairs with whosever is left standing.

Thats not why, he answered, shaking his head once. Theres been an underground movement in Johns Al iance for months now, either wanting to break off and move on to another Inheritor Al iance or doing what we could to aid those Mortals or Immortals whove had the misfortune of crossing John.

Real y? I said, stretching my legs out so they hung out the door. It was the first time my legs had reached their ful length in a week. I dont seem to recal you coming to our aid when Wil iam and I were standing trial in front of the Council last spring.

His mouth curved up on one side. Yeah, wel , I was a late bloomer to the movement, he said, walking a few more feet away from me, stil in a crouched position. Ive never been known as the brightest crayon in the box, if you catch my drift.

The word understatement came to mind, but I took advantage of the increased space hed given me. I ducked out of the box, rising hesitantly, sure Id col apse if I attempted anything faster. Instead of feeling like unset gelatin, I found my body strong, primed for battle, if there was any left for me.

So youre letting me out because youve managed to infect yourself with a case of bleeding heart syndrome? I asked, taking a few steps towards the open door at the end of the room, careful to keep my distance from the colossal sized man.

He smiled. Lets just say Ive seen the light and leave it at that.

Before my notions of good and evil, up and down, and life and death became any more confused, I waved at Andre as I made my way towards the door. Wil iam was a floor away, our Union only days away. These promises had been al but lost the past week, but here they were, waiting for me on the other side of this door.

Miss Dawson, he cal ed out as I was stepping through the door. Dont go up there unless you want to die. Things arent looking so good for your Guardians. I think John was expecting them and he was ready. Il show you the back way out" Andres voice turned to a blur as I moved down the hal , feeling terror mixing with the adrenaline thrusting me forward. Whatever was going on up there, whether Andre had been exaggerating or not, I had to see with my own eyes. I had to convince or pry out, if need required it, Wil iam, Patrick, and whoever else I could.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

TOGETHER

The end of the hal ran into a set of concrete stairs I leapt over, needing only two bounds until I was at the top of the staircase, nothing but a steel door separating me from the mayhem on the other side. It was the kind of door that was likely padlocked with a line of hinges and locks running down the entire seam of the door, but Id discovered there was very little that could hold me back when Wil iams life was at stake.

I closed my eyes, inhaling as I pictured smashing through the door. I went from stil as a statue to screaming as I kicked the door, a dent forming around my foot. The door gave, opening with ease like it was constructed of nothing more than cardboard.

Bursting through it, I expected to find myself dead in the center of battle headquarters, but instead I found myself surrounded by the books and beauty of the manors library. My eyes fel on the table where Id been nothing more than a disil usioned girl in love with her professor at the time, back when things had been simpler and less dark.

A noise that rattled the books in the room broke my moment of reminiscing. I ran towards the doors on the other side of library. One was hanging unhinged, so I tossed it to the side and stepped out into the chaos.

And if ever thered been a scene that had been made of chaos, this was it. Nothing could have prepared me for what was playing before me now. Not what Id seen of battle and hate personal y or what Id seen dramatized on the big screen or what Id seen of documentaries of wars in school. There was nothing that could prepare you for malice and murder playing out in front of your eyes.

There were bodies everywhere, tiling the marble floor, garlanding the staircase running down the foyer, stringing from the chandeliers ... and these were just the unmoving ones.

There were stil hundreds of alive-at-the-moment ones in hand to hand combat, utilizing whatever they could to give them the upper one. I watched one man lift the limp body nearest him and throw it at the one charging him, sending the man flying backwards through a second floor window.

Groups of bodies crouched over a single body held to the ground, drawing out a life that could have gone on forever had it not been for me. I knew this day had been coming before I came into the picture, but the exactness of this day had been punctuated by me. Death wasnt just my gift, it was my curse.

It was what was surrounding me.

There were no tears"the emotion charging through me was beyond any relief I could give it. When my gaze fel upon a mans eyes freezing mid-scream, to stay that way forever as the Inheritors surrounding him with their hands dril ed into his skin smirked away to the next closest Guardian, I went into action.

I knew I should be helping any one I could, the one who needed my help most at closest proximity, but I needed to find Wil iam. I had to find him.

If death was al we had left to count on, we were going to meet it together.

I hurdled over endless bodies, both living and dead, relying on my internal compass to find him. If he was anywhere in the manor, I knew whatever tether it was that tied us together would lead me to him, but I didnt feel the usual tug I did when he was close. There was nothing but a slack rope, begging to be pul ed taut. Desperate, I searched over each face in passing, praying none of the silent ones would be his.

Making my way to the end of the foyer, an Inheritor noticed me approaching. In the midst of mayhem, he noticed me. Luck was something as evasive as a golden ticket when it came to me. Ripping the giant bronze gong from its cables, he heaved it on to its side, tossing it like a Frisbee my direction. I ducked just as the giant disc whizzed past me, crashing into a cluster of men behind me.

Not achieving his goal of slamming his target with a two ton flying saucer, the man marched towards me, making it no more than a tile length in my direction before someone hip-checked into him, sending the Frisbee thrower flying across the room.

Go find him, Paul yel ed, shrugging out of his jacket. Ive got your back.

This time tears pricked to the surface. Either Wil iam had convinced him or, hearing word of the upcoming war, Paul had eagerly asked to be a part of it (although I didnt doubt the latter had more to do with him being here). Paul had wanted nothing more than to separate himself from me, yet here he was, defending me so I could find Wil iam.

Go! Paul yel ed as the man who had it out for me began to stir.

I did, running and leaping past him, having nothing but a smile and a hand running over his back in passing. A smile and a touch for a man that would very likely die here today. Save some for me, I hol ered back, not able to let a serious moment be my last with Paul Lowe. Wed end things like wed started them.

His eyes swept around the room as he readied his body to meet the charging man. I real y dont think that wil be a problem.

My laugh of reply was sad, but it was al I had for him as I ran towards the sealed doors leading into the bal room. I wasnt sure if Id find any one in there, but I couldnt let it go uninvestigated.

I shoved through the ten foot tal doors, closing them noiselessly behind me. I didnt need or want to be fol owed. Turning to inspect the al but silent dark room, my knees gave out. I would have fal en to them had I not stil hand my hands braced over the doorknobs.

It was like Id just awakened from a nightmare to find it hadnt been a nightmare at al , but the sweetest kind of dream in comparison to what I saw before me now.

At the center of the massive bal room was a long table to which a few dozen chairs were fitted around. At the far end of this table were a handful of Inheritors surrounding a man laying prostrate over the table, John at the head of the man. I shook my head, sure the body I was seeing splayed out on the table wasnt him, it couldnt be. It was a trick of the eyes, a mirage of my deepest fears. It wasnt Wil iams eyes that were fading into shadows before me as a team of men lead by John neared their goal.

I screamed, shril and without the restraint of volume, the kind that would have had the men covering their ears if they werent so intent on ending the life of the man I loved.

The faces stayed focused, not looking my way, but one did. John managed a smile through his concentration, eyes lifting to the mezzanine floor above as a flood of men rained from over the railing.

Just when I thought this day couldnt get any better, John said, his smile pul ing tighter as the army of men came at me. I rushed forward, no plan, no strategy in mind other than getting to Wil iam. That was al that mattered in our end. That we were together in life and, now, in death.

An audience to my greatest victory yet, John said, as the swarm of men scattered over me. The day I kil the chosen one. The day Immortals wil discover the prophecies are false and our ancient, antiquated ways are in need of an overhaul.

I lost sight of the cluster surrounding Wil iam as I crumbled beneath the weight of an endless sea of bodies fal ing over me, but I was a Taker, in ful mastery and ownership of my gift. John had the numbers, but I had the hand of death to be dealt out to any who fel victim to a touch of my skin.

I heard the shrieks and felt the convulsions of the men closest to me on the pile as their bodies rol ed to the ground, freeing me. I leapt up, already surrounded by another circle of men ready to stal me however they could, but these ones had witnessed their counterparts dying instantly and looked a bit more reluctant to throw themselves down on me.

Knowing I couldnt wait around for them to come to me with Wil iams life siphoning from him, I charged towards the ones in front of me, arms outstretched.

That wil be quite enough of that I think, a voice cal ed out from above me. I didnt need to look up to know it was Troy, but a fluttering glass sound vibrated around me, shifting my eyes up. I couldnt have looked up at a worse time. I noticed Troy for a flash as he flew off of something down to join his comrades because it was the smal island of a chandelier careening towards me that seemed the more urgent of the two threats.

I was correct in which of the two posed the greater risk to me, but I was incorrect in the amount of time I had to leap away from it. The chandelier couldnt have struck me more dead-on. I crashed to the ground beneath it, hearing and feeling the crystal breaking against the hard surfaces it smashed into, including my body.

It was as close as Id felt to having the wind knocked out of me as an Immortal and I wouldnt be alive if I was stil Mortal. But Troys purpose hadnt been to kil me, it had been to distract me.

Theres our little Juliet, Stel a purred, sliding her hand into mine. I didnt think I could have felt worse after being on the bad side of a head-on col ision with a few ton chandelier coming from three floors up, but Stel as touch proved to me yet again just how wrong I was about a lot of things.

Come on, she sneered, pul ing me by the wrist across the floor, bits and pieces of the same chandelier Wil iam and I had danced under stil stuck to or in me. Lets watch Romeo die.

She dragged me to the end of the table, where the men were stil working over Wil iam, so near to their objective. Sliding her hands under my arms, she lifted my broken body and laid me out over the table, not a foot away from Wil iam.

His eyes were a stage away from vacant, not even able to connect with mine with the intimacy I was so familiar with. His skin had christened from copper to gray and his cheeks and eyes were sinking into the depths of his skul . He was more dead than alive.

I concentrated on forcing my gift to the surface like Id never wanted it to more, but it was like turning a key over in a car without a battery. No matter how hard or how many times I tried, I was powerless.

When that failed, I tried to fight. Tried to bite, claw, kick, and squirm my way out of Stel as hold, but I was a newborn lamb in the claws of a lion.

Like the lamb, the only fight I could put up was a scream.

Stop it, its useless, Stel a snapped, grabbing the back of my neck as I snapped my head back and forth, trying anything to fight. She smacked my head down on the table, twisting it towards Wil iam and holding it there. Watch him, you little twit. Youre going to watch him die.

My body was stil shaking, but it wasnt in fight, it was trembling in realization. Wil iam was seconds from death, seconds from the one thing Id tried with everything in my power to keep him away from. Wil iam, I said, my voice shaking worse than my body.

His eyes traced over to mine, the hint of confusion evident in the pul of his eyebrows. He was already so far gone he didnt recognize me.

Im right here with you. I wont leave you, I vowed, hoping my words would make their way into the fading pieces of his consciousness and would give him comfort.

John chuckled, his eyes burning into me. I must extend my thanks for delivering Wil iam to me on a silver platter. This whole thing worked out even better than Id planned, John said, his voice wavering, tel ing he was experiencing a physical tol .

He waited for me to reply, to make further inquiry into his insanity, but I was done with trying to figure out him, the Inheritors, Immortality ... and life in general. Cora and Abigail were right when they said that, in the end, theres nothing that matters except unconditional frickin love. I was done with the rest of it.

Bryns a little preoccupied at the moment, Stel a answered John, cackling in between. Let me be her voiceover. Clearing her throat, she said, Why, John, whatever are you talking about? she lowered her voice a few notes and added an embel ished school girl wistfulness to the tone.

He grinned at her. This was never about you. You were only the piece of irresistible bait I needed to dangle in front of him.

Whatever do you mean? I thought I was the one you wanted. Why wouldnt I be, with my sub-standard looks and dimwitted personality? Stel a cackled again, in response to her attempts at playing me or Wil iams eyes further fal ing, I wasnt sure.

Youre pretty enough to look at and I have to admit that fiery attitude of yours turns me on like nothing else, but theres a mil ion more of you out there, darling. Johns eyes bored through me. Once I knew who Wil iam was and what the Guardians assumed he was, you became nothing more than the carrot at the end of a pole, dangling just out of reach until I got him exactly where I wanted him. John looked down, his face victorious. Right here. Dying at my hands and with his death, I also kil whatever hope the Guardians had of overthrowing me.

Wil iams body suddenly shook, tapering off into a tremble, something unintel igible drifting from his lips before they closed in unison with his eyes. The man I loved was gone. Here a moment ago, gone forever in the next.

I win, John sneered, growling over his face, ... chosen one.

My eyes fel two heartbeats after Wil iams, about to beg John and his assassins to turn to me next. I now understood why Juliet saw no other choice than to fal chest first into that dagger or why my grandma had died of natural causes not even a week after my grandpa. Love had become the essence of their lives as it had mine. When it was gone there was nothing left. Nothing but the wrath and hate and upheaval storming around me.

There was no need to beg though because John came at me before Wil iams chest fel in its final breath. He flung the chairs away, his executioners fol owing behind him. I knew the pain that would be coming, it was something Id never forget, but I craved it. There was no worse pain than what was pulsing through me having just watched Wil iam die before me. His body losing the warmth Id coveted so many times, right beside me.

Dont worry, dear, youre next, John said, spinning me around so he could look me in the eyes. His were drunk with power and victory. Im sure mine were somewhat defiant, but mostly dead.

I was done with John Townsend, done looking at him, worrying about him, having nightmares about him, done with anything having to do with the grinning form of soul cancer before me. His malignancy had spread, corrupting the body of Immortality. He may have won in this life, but I was certain there was a next one after this and whoever and whatever ruled it would slam the gates shut before the likes of John Townsend would be al owed passage.

It was there Id find Wil iam. It was there we could live the kind of peaceful existence together wed always longed for. Death was the answer al along.

Fate might have been fickle and maybe even favored the fortunate, but one thing I did know"it was cruel.

I twisted my head towards Wil iam, ready to die, ready to fol ow him as I had at every juncture. But what I saw when I looked over at him didnt make sense, it couldnt have been possible. His body was shifting, flickering tiles turning over, starting from his head and moving down his body. I was so uncertain of what I was seeing I narrowed my eyes, blinking them a few times to be sure.

Stel a, John, and his men were busying themselves around me, savoring the moment, oblivious to what was happening inches away from them.

The shifting ended at his feet, the limp body before me eliciting everything from unbridled joy to fresh remorse in me. My life eclipsed from dark to light in a space of time so short it was incalculable.

Norberto laid next to me, where I thought Wil iam had moments ago. Hed morphed into Wil iam in an attempt to avoid a concentration on the real one and hed paid with his life. A life I knew he was wil ing to give in Wil iams defense, but it didnt ease the sorrow I felt staring at his young gentle face.

You look at me, John commanded, dril ing his index finger into my cheek and forcing it back to him.

Seeing John so smug, so sure hed just annihilated Wil iam and, along with it, the Guardians hope, made me laugh. I may be dead in the next minute, but the triumph of knowing Wil iam was stil out there, alive and fighting, couldnt go unreleased.

See if youre stil laughing through this, John said, dril ing his finger deeper as four others prepared to join it.

Thats the last finger you wil lay on her ever again, a voice boomed through the bal room, coming from the giant doors Id come through.

John froze, his smugness vanishing as quickly as itd appeared. Both our eyes, along with every other set in the room flew towards the voice, where a man stood like a last beacon of hope, quivering in his rage.

He looked like hed spent a weeks stint in hel and had to shovel, climb, and claw his way through legions of demons to get out. His clothes were torn, tarnished, and, in some places, missing. The exposed parts of his skin were blotched with the less favorable colors of the rainbow and substances of war. Id been more right about him leading the battle from the front of the line than Id wanted to be and he had the scars, battle wounds, and stories to go with it.

Wil iam! I yel ed, releasing my relief and my fear and every other emotion that somersaulted after.

John glanced back at the body splayed over the table, his eyes widening as he took in Norberto. He stared for another moment before composing himself, a smile settling into its proper level of smug as he looked back to Wil iam. Oh, goodie. That was a rather pathetic kil . I was expecting much more fight from the great chosen one, he said. No matter, though. I real y cant imagine anything better than kil ing you twice in the same day. Looking around the room, John yel ed, Boys, take him down. Hes alone, looks like hel just spit him out, and his powers are not even a tenth of what youve heard rumored.

The army of men hesitated, looking amongst themselves to see who would go first.

Im stil in hel and, while my powers might not be what theyre rumored to be, I can assure you I dont need anything more supernatural than my abhorrence for you to take out every Inheritor in here, Wil iam growled, scanning the room. And Im not alone, he said, shaking his head. I brought a couple friends.

Two more bodies flew down from the mezzanine, taking their spots on either side of Wil iam.

Am I supposed to be intimidated? John said, looking Patrick and Paul over like they were the least impressive Immortals hed seen.

Wil iams mouth curled at the corners. Youre about to be.

As his mouth closed, I knew Wil iam was done with words. He was done with John, just like I was. Only one of these two would be leaving this room today and I was not going to watch Wil iam die again.

John must have seen the same thing in Wil iam I did because his expression turned serious, but when his eyes glanced back to me, a glint sparked in them. Let the games begin, he said, reaching a hand high in the air before slapping it down towards my face.

I felt the table shake before a gust of wind rushed over me as I was lifted from the table, away from Johns advancing palm and into the arms of the man I thought Id lost. Despite the speed of it and the bodies I could hear readying themselves, I let myself get lost in how his skin felt warmer against mine, how his arms seemed stronger, how his face was endlessly beautiful.

Flipping off the table and ending at the other end of the bal room, he turned back to the center of the room, glaring at John. Not. Another. Finger, he growled. And in case my face leaves anything to interpretation ... Wil iam turned it straight on John, an expression that could have dropped me had I been on the receiving end. Im going to kil you today.

One of Johns eyebrows peaked. Was that a threat? he said in a tone that was a stage away from a yawn.

No, Wil iam answered. That was a promise.

Right then, Patrick and Paul rushed at the group around John, dodging through and over the dozens of shock-faced men dotted around the room.

Wil iam set me down, staring into my eyes as he kneeled beside me. Im pledging myself to you tonight, with or without a Unity ceremony. He smiled before he fixed his mouth to mine. So please make it a point to stay alive.

I wil if you wil , I repeated, breathless.

Deal, he said, the softness of his face out of place on the war torn Wil iam hovering beside me. Ive got to finish a job real quick. He winked, popping up to face the oncoming flood of Johns men. Do me a favor and let me take care of this, okay? he asked, charging into the avalanche of men before I could answer, which was good because I was not going to huddle in a corner while the three men I cared about most in the world were outnumbered more than twenty to one.

Especial y when I was a touch away from doling out a death sentence to every last one of these men intent on ending my meaning in life. It was zapping across my skin before I stood up and it was at ful power by the time the first man tried ringing his hands around my neck from behind.

Before his fingers had circled around, he fel to the ground. Death was a hard thing to be responsible for, harder in most instances than facing your own, but there was no other option at this crossroads. The time for sitting around a Council table and coming to a peaceful agreement had ended the day John Townsend rose to power. We were neck deep in the realm of black and white, no more shades of gray to confuse us. It was their lives or ours and in this absolute, death became an easy choice.

Two more men leapt at me, knocking me to the ground, but their fight was over as quickly as itd begun. I rol ed their massive bulk to the side, flipping off my back to a stand. There were four clusters of men scattered through the room. Three with arms moving like pistons which I assumed Paul, Patrick, and Wil iam were at the center of and one stil grouped around the table looking like scared children my direction.

Theyd seen me end three lives in under three seconds and had been stupid enough not to run.

However, I did.

Right in their direction, towards the men who had accompanied John with attempting to kil Wil iam and succeeding in kil ing Norberto. Mercy was a five-letter word they were unfamiliar with and I wasnt about to change that for them in their last few moments of life.

Charging their way, I sprung off the floor, performing head over foot aerobatics in the air until I landed in the center of their huddled circle. Al I had to do was open my arms and spin, like a bal erina of death. Their bodies crumbled to the floor, faces of shock now frozen with death.

I didnt spare a moment of mourning, there wasnt enough time or desire. Scanning the room, I tried to make out what clump of men contained Wil iam, but I was distracted by the light stalking of footsteps coming up behind me. It seemed impossible I was able to make out this faintest of noises in the earthquake of racket, but I turned right as she launched at me.

I ducked as Stel a flew over me, her hands affixing around air as she crashed to the floor. I lunged towards her, knowing whoever was the first of us to make contact with the other would win the battle of gifts. Although temporary handicapping of a gift wasnt as final as my gift. Or as deadly.

I threw myself down at her, fingers stretched to their capacity. She rol ed to the side, just missing the pinky of my left hand grazing her cheek.

There was so much rage shooting through me right now, it wouldnt have taken more than the smal est of caresses to take her out and the fear in her eyes told me it was as obvious to her as it was to me.

She leapt up, spinning towards me, ready to pounce. It was Stel a and me, cat fighting it to the end. I couldnt resist.

Here kitty, kitty, I mewed, wagging my finger at her.

She actual y hissed her reply, hesitating long enough for me to leap to a stand.

No need to let our manners get away with us, I said, as we began dancing around each other, primed for attack or to ward it off. You had to have been expecting this somewhere along the way. You know what they say. Karma is a ... wel , for lack of a better word, karma is a Stel a, I said, a streak of black hair and copper skin catching my attention. I chanced the longest look I could, finding Wil iam and John dodging and taking each others strikes.

Okay, this whole dancing around Stel a thing needed to end right now.

And overrated is a Bryn, she hissed back, hands clawed at the ready as she took advantage of my distraction. It was almost easy and I knew I owed that al to Patrick, having the upper hand on Stel a, because as I jumped the space it took to clear her stiletto-ed height as she charged at me, it was obvious how my strength training had been to hers what fire is to paper. I flipped midair, landing on top of her shoulders. Her scream froze as I laced my fingers through her hair, her body losing its rigidity before it tumbled to the floor.

I didnt stop to check or pause to rejoice. Stel a was dead, but it wasnt her life I was concerned with, it was the man who gave meaning to why I was fighting. Wil iam and John werent in the back corner theyd been in just a minute ago and as I scanned the room, I found it emptying. Emptying quickly. Some of Johns men were throwing looks over their shoulders back at me, some glancing at the more pressing threat, Paul barreling after the herd of men exiting the room.

The room was stil , eerily stil . Other than Pauls hol ering dimming as he continued his pursuit out of the doors, there was no other noise. Panic gripped me, so intense it overtook the rage keeping my gift at the surface.

Wil iam? I cal ed out, scrambling towards the corner Id last seen him. Wil iam"answer me! I hol ered, panic and desperation weaving together to create something truly overwhelming.

Im here, Bryn, he answered, his voice tight and low.

I scrambled towards his voice, skidding to my knees when I found him on his knees behind one of the marble pil ars supporting the mezzanine above. I crawled up next to him, taking in nothing but him, searching every inch to find whatever John had done to him to bring him to this fatigued position.

Im fine, my love, he assured, letting his eyes settle on me before they closed in concentration.

Whats the matter? I asked, doing another scan of his body.

If anyone ever asks, I was not your strength instructor, okay? Patricks voice cal ed out across from Wil iam. I let my gaze shift from him for the first time since finding him. Patrick was across from Wil iam, also on his knees, his face lined in concentration save for the eyes that were narrowed in mock accusation. Always mind your surroundings, he re-quoted to me, pointing his eyes to the floor. Or what, or who, is crippled and dying at your feet.

My eyes fol owed his, right into a sapphire set that were so dark they were almost black. I shuddered as I took them in at such close proximity.

John was supine on the floor, eyes and body losing purchase on Immortality as Wil iam and Patrick quivered in their efforts of drawing it from him.

John was close to taking his last glare, but Wil iam and Patrick looked nearly just as close. Id never seen either one of them so weak and straining with effort. Sweat wasnt just beading across their skin, it was dripping from it as it looked like it took every last reserve of strength to stay upright on their knees.

Let me finish him, I said, readying my hand over John, waiting for them to release their grips. I wasnt going to chance my current flowing from John into them if they were stil adhered to him.

Wil iam shook his head once. No. I promised that hed never touch you again, he said, his teeth gritted. Its a promise I intend to keep. Let us finish this.

His words touched me, but he was also being ridiculous, risking his and Patricks life when I could end this with a brush of my hand. I have the same right as you to finish John Townsend, I argued.

You have a right, but not the same right as I do, Wil iam answered, his face wincing further.

Oh, real y? I asked, about to force him and Patrick away if it came to it.

Real y, Wil iam said. John Townsend has terrorized, kidnapped, beat, and tried to kil my Betrothed, he said, grimacing from the pain or his words I wasnt sure. Im claiming my right as a husband right now.

Husband? I said, something of a smile forming in the midst of it al .

Maybe not at this exact moment, but later today. His eyes moved to mine, like they were fighting an army to get there.

I met them, locking his to mine. I need you alive, upright, and ... eager if Im going to become your wife tonight, I said, wanting to put Townsend Manor in our rearview mirror for the rest of our lives, ripping it off and pitching it out the window so we wouldnt have to look back. So step aside and let me finish this business, I begged, watching his shoulders crumple forward.

I watched his mouth open, in objection I was sure, but before it could be verbalized, Johns voice hissed through his clenched jaw. Youl ... never

... win, his voice dimmed, his head fal ing to the side as a whisper capped his last words, chosen one.

Something in similar noise to a sonic boom rumbled the room, flinging the three of us back. I landed on my back, aching, stil dotted with shards of crystal, and relieved. John Townsend was dead. The only place Id have to fear for seeing him again was in my nightmares, but something about the calm I felt trickling into my veins told me he had died there too.

Am I dead? Patricks voice muttered.

I dont know, Wil iam answered. Am I?

You certainly look like it, his brother answered, laughing a strained one as he sat up and took a survey of the room. Someone mind tel ing me what the hel just happened?

Sitting up, I crawled over to Wil iam, stil laying flat over the floor.

Bryn, are you alright? he cal ed out, lifting his head to find me.

Mm-hmmm, I answered, crawling over him until I was settled right above his face. More than alright. I wanted to kiss him in the worst way, but I wanted to scold him worse yet. What in the world were you thinking doing that with just the two of you? You could have been kil ed, I said, smiling through what Id intended to be a lecture.

Wil iams arms circled around me, col apsing me down to his chest. I knew we had it covered, he answered, lifting his head up to kiss me, but I pul ed back. Perhaps that one defensive move had been the most monumental Id made today.

Patrick huffed. Im glad you were so confident. I thought I was going to die. I stil feel like I might, he said, examining himself. He looked marginal y worse than Wil iam. After sucking that mans life away, I feel dirty. Dirty as in I need a scalding hot shower and pumice stone dirty.

I glanced over at him, aware that Wil iams mouth was tempting me an inch away. You are dirty, I said, inspecting him. And you do need a shower. Why dont you go take care of that? I said, hinting at the door.

Im not moving until someone carries me out, he said, flopping back down on the floor dramatical y.

Have it your way, I said, shrugging. Dont mind us. Sliding my fingers down the sides of Wil iams neck, I gripped what remained of his dress shirt.

Pul ing it to me, his head lifted from the floor, his lips responding to my subtle message. I kissed him, he kissed me, we kissed each other ... we consumed each other. There was nothing like narrowly missing death to make you feel alive. To make you want to do everything youd always wanted to do.

You do realize you can get a girl pregnant kissing her like that, right, Wil iam? Patrick said, turning his back to us.

Wil iam didnt respond, but I wasnt the saint he was. Its a good thing Im on a fail-proof form of birth control known as Immortality then, I shot over at Patrick, silencing him ... for awhile.

I turned my attention back to the man sprawled out beneath me. Did you mean it when you said youl be my husband today? I asked, my mouth leaving his to trail down his neck.

Did you mean it when you smiled your consent? he replied, happy and breathless.

Looks like today it is, I said, part of me wanting to pul him from the floor and find the nearest officiant we could and part of me wanting to keep him pinned to the floor like this. I dont have anything to wear, but the shredded, stinky pajamas hanging from my body.

His mouth slid outside my ear. I dont mind. It wil make them that much easier to remove. I gulped, but I wasnt half-paralyzed with fear like Id been at the Betrothal. I wasnt any more convinced that Id be a competent and satisfying lover, but I could figure it out. As much practice as it took. I dont have anything to wear either, but Il have the one thing worth wearing by the end of the day. His forehead slid over mine, pressing his eyes into mine. You on my arm.

Patrick let out a note of laugher. And by that you mean, you in my bed, he stated, making a face as he mimicked Wil iams voice.

No, thats what you mean, Wil iam replied patiently. I mean, you on my arm, he repeated to me, his voice bursting with happiness.

Do you think its safe to go out there? Patrick asked, lifting his head from the floor enough to glance in the direction of the lobby. Because I dont want to lift another finger in war today. Overthrowing an evil dictator is exhausting work.

Wil iam placed a kiss on the corner of my mouth before looking over at him. Judging from the near silence and the numbers we held back for the second onslaught, Id say the war outside of this room was over long before the one in here was.

My brows squeezed together. You were holding some back? I asked. How many?

Wil iam shrugged, glancing at Patrick. Only about a thousand.

It didnt make sense why hed hold men back, especial y when some of those hed sent in first had died. Why?

I couldnt risk John doing something desperate with you, Wil iam answered, his voice guarded. If I came blazing through the door with the numbers we had in tow, who knows what he would have done to you. I wouldnt risk it. So I let him think he had the upper hand, coaxed him into an even more bloated confidence before Nathanial led the rest of the charge.

So Norbertos life was in vain? I said, biting my lip. Al those men who wil never open their eyes again died in vain?

No, Bryn, he said, brushing his hand down my cheek. My only objective might have been to keep you safe until I found you, but to the rest of these men it was much bigger. They lost their lives fighting the battle of good and evil and while they might have lost the battle, they won the war.

John and his Al iance are no longer.

Wil iam had been a soldier, a leader of soldiers, a lifetime back. Hed learned that wars meant lives lost. It was something he could accept easier than me because, other than seeing it on the news and front pages of newspapers, Id never known the soldiers who had died for a cause. Id never looked in their eyes and cal ed them my friends.

I knew thered be more than just Norberto whod been a friend that had died today, but I couldnt let myself be carried off with these thoughts.

There would be a time for mourning, as there was a time for everything, but today I was going to become a bride.

A bride to the man whod gotten under my skin from that first smile at OSU and stayed there, melting into the depths of my core, taking over the whole of my heart. The man fate had tried with every power of destruction at its beck and cal to surgical y remove from my life.

As I looked around the war-torn room and over our war-bludgeoned bodies, I knew wed shown fate just what we were made of and the fight we were wil ing to put up for each other. Wed kicked fates ass and were committed to doing so every day of forever if thats what it took.

Come on, I said, pul ing Wil iam up with me, sure I couldnt get out of Townsend Manor fast enough. Youve got a girl to make a Mrs. Wil iam Hayward today.

Wil iam leapt up with me, fingers weaving through my hand as he succumbed to my pul ing. Now theres motivation.

You two have fun, Patrick cal ed out after us. Im planning on not moving from this spot until my body stops throbbing from ending the lord of the underworlds life and my bodys caught up on the sleep I havent had in three days since I was making hourly visits to a girl who was ... cooped up.

Thinking of the box made me want to stretch as far as I could.

Dont worry about me, though, Patrick continued. Its not like you guys owe me anything.

Wil iam and I exchanged a look. We were both suckers when it came to Patrick and his little brother tendencies that were too endearing to be ignored. Jogging back to him, Wil iam heaved Patrick over his shoulder. Come on, little brother, he said, grabbing my hand and continuing towards the door. I need a best man.

Real y? Patrick said, his mood instantly improved. You dont want that little twin of yours that hero worships you immediately to your left?

Wil iam shook his head. I want the man whos risked his life almost as many times as I have for my bride right beside me.

Patrick practical y giggled in joy. Josephs going to be pissed.

Fair warning, Wil iam said as we broke through the unhinged doors of the bal room. If you even think about my bride in an inappropriate way, I wil have no problem stripping you of your best man duties.

What if I dont think about it and just do it? Patrick asked in a wicked tone.

Then Il happily beat you to a bloody pulp, Wil iam replied, weaving through the bodies layered through the foyer. I tried not to take in the faces as we passed.

So angry al the time, Patrick teased. Hasnt any one ever told you that violence isnt the answer? At that, we al unconsciously took a sweep of the room. Except when it is? Patrick added, continuing to investigate the remnants of war.

Violence isnt the answer, I said as we stepped through the front doors into the early morning light. Love is.

Patrick grunted as he lowered himself off of Wil iams shoulder, sweeping over the upside-down cars scattered around the Manors ground, the countless fires burning to their end as there was nothing left to consume, the bodies"endless bodies"the stil alive ones looking only marginal y more so than those of their fal en counterparts around them. Says the girl who is Uniting with the man of her dreams today, he mused, descending the steps. Come on, weve got to get you to the chapel, girl.

I fol owed the two of them down the stairs and off of Townsend Manors estate, never looking back.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

A RUN DOWN THE BEACH

Its a good thing I kept this DaVinci of gowns on hand, expecting you two would do something rash like getting United the same day of the most epic war in Immortal history, Cora said, struggling with the last few buttons on the gown shed chased me down with at the Bal . Come on, Bryn, suck it in, she coaxed, grunting as she forced a button into its place. Work with me here.

I cant suck in any more, I said, wondering if she real y had the dress hand tailored to my size, emphasis on my size, or if shed ordered it a size smal er to torture me. But fair was fair, shed won the bet as to whod had more fun on their girls/boys weekend"at least pre-Inheritor army party crashing ours"and I was happier than I thought Id be losing a bet to Cora. Unless youre aware of a way to temporarily remove my ribs, thats as tiny as I go.

Hmmm, she mused to herself. Not that Im aware of, but that would be a preferred solution to me potential y bursting a button on this gown of divine origins.

I was kidding, Cora, I said, sucking in a long breath in an effort to be helpful.

Yes! she hol ered, the second of the evasive three hooking into the satin loophole. One more to go and youre a bride ready to walk down the dirtiest aisle Ive ever seen.

I glanced out at the beach outside of the second floor window. When Wil iam and I had tossed around places for our Union on a short notice"a few hours short notice"wed both arrived at the same conclusion. The beach of Pacific City. Of course performing something as sacred as a Union on the same grains of sand where the boys surfed, children built sandcastles, and seagul s screamed did not please Cora, but she let it go faster than I thought her capable. She was almost as excited for us as we were.

Abigail! she hol ered over to her sister-in-law and my soon to be sister-in-law who was zippering into her own dress. Your keen talent for buttoning the un-buttonable is needed. Urgently needed, Cora emphasized, blowing the hair that had fal en over her eyes in the midst of her dress taming efforts.

Youre going about it al wrong, Abigail said, swaying her way to us wearing a tea-length dress identical to Coras. I swear the girl had thought of everything in the event of an elopement. She knew us too wel . Bryn, take a deep breath, she instructed, stopping in front of me and grabbing my wrists. I did as commanded"careful y. Any sudden movements from my mid-section would result in opening a slit down both sides. Good. Now let it out, al the way out, she said, her voice hypnotic in comparison to Coras. Coming around my back, I felt her fingers replace Coras, the final button slipping into its loop with ease. Ah-hah! she said, leading me over to the floor-length mirror in the bedroom. Now thats a dress tailored to perfection.

She was right, it cinched to every angle and curve of my body, but my definition of tailored to perfection included one that would al ow me to sit down without busting out the back, or breathing for that matter. I guess its a good thing I didnt need oxygen anymore and chairs, for that matter, I could avoid for one night.

So? Cora asked, nudging me. What do you think? Wil this work? Id meant for it to be your Betrothal gown and would have selected something far more extravagant than this for your Union, but were running on short notice here, she said, before adding under her breath. Thanks to you and your future husband who simply couldnt wait two more days for something hes been waiting decades for and youve been waiting months for.

Cora, Abigail scolded, shooting her a look before her reflection looked me in the eyes, a proud smile on her face. Do you like it, Bryn?

Putting the fit aside, I let myself real y look at the gown for the first time and I didnt like it.

I loved it.

I would have picked the same one had I been thrown into the center of a warehouse ful of every wedding-slash-Union gown ever made. The ivory lace overlay covered the same colored silk charmuse in a slim silhouette (very slim) sliding down the body to its chapel-length train. It was topped off with cap sleeves and a sweetheart neckline. I felt as guilty for giving Cora such a hard time about it as I felt overwhelmed with gratitude that shed selected a gown with such consideration.

Having her and Abigail beside me, doting over me like proud parents, dul ed some of the ache that my real ones were not able to be here today.

I didnt know how I would have explained any of this to them, but they would have known their daughter was marrying a man she worshiped and who would protect her with his life and I knew"even if they were aware of every nitty-gritty detail of our Immortal world"they would have been whole-heartedly supportive and thril ed to see me so happy.

The Haywards were becoming my new family, never to replace the one Id lost, but to enhance and create a future of memories with. I was gaining a family my parents would have selected for me to take their place had they seen in a crystal bal that theyd be pul ed from mine so violently.

I love it, I said, stil kind of awed. I love you guys. Thank you. I felt myself getting choked up, thered be no shortage of that today, so I elected to stop gushing words before my eyes fol owed suit. Sniffling, I asked, You think the boys are ready to go? My heart thumped at the thought of seeing Wil iam soon. The last time Id go to him as a Miss Dawson, the first time Id walk away with him as a Mrs. Hayward.

Theyve been ready for an hour already, Abigail said, smiling as she brushed my hair back, twisting it into an elegant updo. Someones growing very impatient down there.

What are we waiting for? I said, not meaning to shout, but the anxious excitement in my voice pitched it higher than normal. Lets get this show on the road.

Not so fast, Cora said, holding my arms at my side. Hold your horses while I accessorize you.

And she was back to playing dress-up. I took a breath and would count to a hundred, knowing I owed her big time for the dress. If she wasnt done with her accessorization process by then, I didnt care it I had to drag her down the aisle with her hands glued to my train. I was meeting Wil iam at the end of it in five minutes or less.

As Abigail pinned the last few pieces of my hair into place, Cora slid a white orchid in ful bloom behind my left ear. When she came at me with a diamond choker that was al too similar to the one John had given me which Id promptly re-gifted to Annabel e, I balked away.

Dont you want to wear something different around your neck? For once? she asked, holding the sparkling necklace in front of my eyes.

No, I said, covering the sapphire pendant with both hands just in case she went in for it.

She shrugged a shoulder. Suit yourself, she said, giving up easier than Id thought her capable.

What did the boys end up deciding to wear? I asked, hoping to distract myself from the jitters. You have five tuxes within arms reach like you had these dresses? I teased.

I wish, she grumbled, rifling through a suitcase spil ing over with scarves, jewelry, and shoes. I keep an emergency tux here for Joseph, so Wil iam wil at least be dressed for the occasion, but the other four are having to make due with dress shirts and slacks. She sounded like it was one of the most detestable things she had yet to encounter in her lifetime.

Done, Abigail announced, slipping the last bobby-pin from her mouth into the nape of my neck.

I practical y leapt for joy.

Hold it! Cora said, running towards the door I was aiming for. Lipstick, she said, drawing a tube from the depths of her dress.

I shook my head. Im going to be kissing him at the end of the ceremony. I dont want to smear lipstick al over his face.

Cora shook her head back at me. This isnt a Mortal wedding, this is an Immortal Union. The preacher doesnt announce you husband and wife before you kiss. You save the kissing for later, she said, uncapping the tube.

I dodged my head to the side as she came at me with a color that reminded me of clown paint. Chapstick, I announced victoriously, grabbing up my tube sitting on the dresser beside the door. I slimed on a double coat to appease her.

She blew out an exhausted sigh, giving Abigail a look. Ive waited over a hundred years for a wedding other than mine in this family to get al girly over. What a waste, she said, hustling a pair of satin ivory stilettos from a box. Put these on and thats it. I wont impress any more torture on you.

Heaven forbid I try to turn you into a girl.

I looked down to the floor where the dress skimmed down over it, covering my bare feet. Shoes with any kind of lift on them were a dangerous thing for me and, considering I had stairs to go down before Id be drudging through a quarter mile of sand to the surf line, shoes were the last thing I needed if I wanted to make it there quickly. Not to mention ankle sprain free.

I hesitated for long enough when she lowered the shoes down to the floor that I could tel shed already succumbed to my decision when she looked back up to me. She tossed the shoes across the room. What a waste.

Opening the door a crack, Abigail stuck her head out, holding me back. Boys! she hol ered down the stairs. Shes ready. Get out there and wel be right behind you.

We heard a raucous of movement as bodies sprung to attention and I thought I even made out Wil iam mumbling, Its about time.

I smiled"my thoughts exactly.

Bouquet, Cora said militantly, handing me a simple bouquet with a potpourri of white flowers.

Taking it, I said with sarcasm, I thought this wasnt your typical Mortal wedding?

Its not, she said, sweeping around me to fan the train out. But you fidget like no one else and this wil give your hands something to concentrate on. If thats alright with your highness, of course, she added, only partial y teasing.

You real y have thought of everything, I said, gripping the bouquet harder.

Was that a thank you? Cora asked as Abigail opened the door wide for me, content the boys were trudging to their destination.

I looked back at her and winked. That was a thank you so much Im going to owe you for the rest of my existence.

She beamed back at me, instantly mol ified. Youre welcome.

Abigail headed down the stairs first, stopping at the bottom one and waiting for me, perhaps anticipating I could come fal ing down them at any step. Against al odds, I made it down without so much as a stumble. A true feat in my present mental state and attire.

I glanced over to the sofa and loveseat, where the indents were stil fresh from those whod just left them. This was happening. It was real y happening. It seemed like this would be the point most brides would start trembling or experiencing that last bout of cold feet jitters, but I felt neither.

I was so confident in my decision it had managed to stifle my equilibrium of fidgeting. In fact, Id never been so confident of a decision in my life as I marched towards the man I loved. It was freeing and centering at the same time.

Pausing at the slider door, Abigail inhaled, like she was the nervous one. This is it, Bryn, she said, winding her fingers around the handle. Are you ready?

I know this wil sound terribly clichA, but given its how I feel and Im too anxious to come up with a more clever quip ... I said, fixing my gaze out the window. I was born ready for this.

I was met with dueling rol ing of the eyes before Abigail whished open the slider. Your man is waiting. Go spend the rest of your eternities together, she said it in the most everyday kind of way, making me laugh.

Here I go, I said, stepping onto the porch as the girls fol owed behind me. I caught sight of the five men waiting for us down at the oceans edge, their faces al turned our direction. The day was fading away, but the sun beginning its drop into the encroaching dusk didnt shadow his face when my eyes focused on it. It was the strongest mix of emotions Id seen. It was proud and victorious, overwhelmed and awed, peaceful and expectant, but most of al , it was happy.

Happy in a way that made me drop my bouquet and break into a run towards him. Having to cross that distance with him looking at me the way he was now would have made me combust, so running was the only option and"going in the face of generations of dress construction"the gown clinging to my body like lycra didnt tear.

When Cora said shed had it hand-tailored for me, shed meant it. It was like shed looked into the future to find out her intended Betrothal gown for me would become my Union gown and she knew Id be running down the aisle and had had every seam reinforced with Immortal strength thread.

Go get him, girl! I heard Abigail cheer behind me.

Yeah, dressed to the nines in Chanel vintage, Cora muttered in the space separating us. Perfect running attire. Dont worry, though, wel catch up.

I didnt look over my shoulder at them or pause for a moment to take in the sky flowing into the vibrant pinks and oranges only nature could create. There was only Wil iam in my journey down the aisle. It wasnt about the guests or the dAcor nature provided for us or what I looked like running down the beach in a flowing ivory gown. I only cared that I couldnt get to him fast enough.

I sprinted the last few paces to him, throwing myself into his arms, very nearly punching Charles square in the nose as my arms wound around his neck.

Good to see you, too, he whispered into my ear, spinning me a few circles before situating me down. But let me see you, he said, winding out of our embrace to take a few steps back. His eyes roamed over me, not hurrying and not missing a single thing. His careful inspection ended at my eyes as he let out a breath. My god, Im the luckiest man to have ever walked the planet.

Yeah, were aware of that, Patrick mumbled, clasping his hands in front of him. Enough with the oogly eyes. Youre making father uncomfortable and me sick to my stomach.

As if to prove his point, Charles shifted, clearing his throat. Shal we get started?

Not breaking our stares, Wil iam and I nodded at the same time, our grins stretching wider at each others enthusiasm. He closed the space between us, clasping my hands into his.

Wait just a sec, Joseph spoke up, glancing over his shoulders. The girls are going to be beyond appeasing if we start before they get here.

Maybe if theyd hurry it up we could get started, I said, not feeling near the impatience levels I had now I was with Wil iam.

In their defense, Nathanial said, I dont think they were expecting you to break the Olympic record for the four hundred meter dash on the way here.

They should have known better, I said, squeezing Wil iams hands, affirming this wasnt me lost in another one of my dreams.

Did I tel you how beautiful you look? Wil iam asked, stal ing as the girls continued towards us.

Only a few hundred widenings of your eyes, I answered, doing my first look at his attire. The tux was a tad snug being Josephs, but that was one downfal I was not going to complain about. It pul ed across his body just enough to make me long for a short Union ceremony.

And a long honeymoon.

Okay, slow those thoughts down, Wil iam whispered over to me. Or else Im going to have a tough time getting my vows out. His face flushed just enough to give away what he was talking about, causing mine to flush way beyond just enough.

That was some walk down the aisle, Abigail said, announcing her and Coras arrival. She grinned over at Nathanial, taking her spot to the side of me.

I dont know why I even try, Cora said, pouting with her strappy shoes removed and my sandy bouquet in her hand.

Because youre the most thoughtful person I know, baby, Joseph answered, wrapping an arm around her as she marched up beside Abigail.

You real y are, I said, glancing back at her in her frazzled state. Im sorry I ruined your whole sashaying down the aisle expectations, but I took one look at him and knew I was entirely incapable of sashaying. I threw a look of accusation at Wil iam, like it was al his fault I couldnt control myself when he was around before looking back at her. Would you like us to wait so you can put your shoes back on?

No, she said, smiling at me for the concession. It seems barefoot is the theme of the day. Her eyes pointed first at mine, then circled around at the remaining six. I hadnt noticed it, since Id barely let my eyes move south of his, but Wil iams feet were also bare, the cuffs of his pants rol ed up a few inches, as were his brothers and fathers.

I laughed. I knew I was in good company.

Yeah, yeah, Cora said, wiping the crusted sand from her toes. No need to rub it in. Im al too aware of the fashion disasters Im faced with everyday in this family. And now, after today, Ive got one more to add to my list of fashion intervention projects.

If weve exchanged enough banter for the time being, Charles interjected, pointing his eyes at al of us. Perhaps we can get on with the whole reason were gathered here tonight.

Wil iam drew me back to him as we looked to his father, al too ready to pledge ourselves to one another.

He looked between Wil iam and me, his face nearing the same level of happiness as Wil iams. A Union between one Immortal to another is the highest honor our kind can be granted, he began, as the world seemed to stand stil . The wind whistling around us stil ed, the sun descending before us stopped, my heart stil ed. It was one of those moments that made a person believe that time real y was capable of stopping at certain events in time.

The vows you take today are forever, not in theory, but in practice. The one you stand before now wil be the one standing with you to the end.

The very end, Charles continued, needing no text to read from or squinting of the eyes to recal . The words flowing from him were natural, like hed said them a mil ion times, although it was like he was saying them for the first time from his depth of passion. By making your vow today, you are promising to each other an eternity of loyalty, honesty, and, most importantly of al , love. Are you both wil ing to make this pledge? he asked, looking earnestly between us.

I am, Wil iam and I answered in unison as the sniffling of noses began behind me.

Charles nodded his acknowledgement. Wil iam Isaac Samuel Hayward, this woman before you is your Betrothed, your intended, he said, turning to Wil iam. It is of your free wil to take her as your United, as your forever. Is this your intent?

Wil iams eyes didnt waver from mine as he answered, It is.

Do you pledge yourself to her, protecting, honoring, and loving her for an eternity?

I do, Wil iam vowed, his words solemn, his face soft.

Charles lifted his hands. Make your pledge as you place a ring on her finger.

Keeping a hand locked with mine, Wil iam looked back at Patrick, whose face was forming around a mixture of shock and terror. He patted his pants pockets first, moving up his jacket, searching for something.

Patrick, Wil iam growled. I just gave it to you a minute and a half ago. Nice try, though. Youre going to have to think of something infinitely more creative if youre trying to stal the inevitable.

Just offering up a little comedic relief to the intensity of the situation, Patrick muttered, pul ing a band from the pocket of his dress shirt. Setting it in Wil iams open palm, he gripped his brothers hand. Congratulations, he said, as intently as Patrick could. I mean it.

Wil iam squeezed his brothers hand. Thank you, he said, his throat bobbing. And I know you do, brother. Releasing his hand, Wil iam rol ed the ring between his thumb and index fingers, settling it at the tip of my ring finger on my left hand. I am yours forever, no matter if time, circumstance, or death separates us. With this ring, he vowed, sliding the band into place, my soul is now yours. He grinned, the mischievous one that had been my first of his. Actual y, its been yours for awhile now, he added, winking.

Lets keep to the vows, people, Patrick said with mock reverence. Were in the presence of a great Chancel or here, he continued, wagging his hands in his fathers direction.

As always, your boundless aptitude for sucking up to those in higher ranking stations than you is greatly appreciated, Charles said, smirking at his last single son by days end. But youre right, lets get back to and keep to the vows, Charles continued, turning to me next. Bryn Michel e Dawson, this man before you is your Betrothed, your intended. It is of your free wil to take him as your United, as your forever. Is this your int" It is, I interrupted, not able to say it soon enough. A rumble of laughter chorused around me.

Charles continued, trying to fight the smile that had burst, Do you pledge yourself to him, protecting, honoring, and loving him for an eternity?

I made it a point to wait for Charles to finish his sentence this time. I do, I whispered, my throat tightening as I watched Wil iams eyes grow shiny.

Make your pledge as you place a ring on his finger.

This time, instead of Patrick, it was my turn to wear the face of shock and terror, but mine wasnt fake. Oh my gosh, I said, my stomach dropping as I absently patted down the sides of my dress, searching for non-existent pockets that held a non-existent ring. I dont have a ring for you, I said, nearing a cry when I wondered if this would mean Wil iam and I couldnt be United until we did it properly. I was planning on going, but then I was ...

Kidnapped, Patrick said, fil ing in the blanks.

Wel , yeah, but then I was going to get one for you if I ever got out of that awful box, I continued, looking apologetical y at Wil iam. But then we kind of decided to"

Put the cart before the horse, Patrick spoke up again, covering his mouth with his hand. Or, in this case, put the Union before the ring. You know what they say, Bryn, he said, removing his hand to flash it my direction, pointing at his ring finger. No ringy, no dingy.

Patrick Bartholomew Hayward, Charles scolded as Patrick forcibly winced at his fathers use of his middle name, maybe because it was a hideous one or maybe because of the tone Charles had said it in. He didnt need to say another word, Patricks mouth clamped shut in such a way my guess was it would stay that way the remainder of the night, or at least until we made it through the ceremony.

That was, if it hadnt just come to an end because of my lack of having a ring to offer my almost husband. Of al the things to overlook in my life, this was the worst.

I believe I can offer up a solution, Charles said, the kindness returning to his voice as he turned to me. If youd both be agreeable to it, Id like to offer you my ring, Bryn"the ring that hasnt left my finger once since Catherine placed it on there nearly three hundred years ago"that you can, in turn, offer to Wil iam.

Father, Wil iam said, shaking his head.

We couldnt, Charles, I added. Thank you so much for the offer, but its too much. Its al you have left of her, I whispered, his gesture choking me up al over again.

He raised his hands between Wil iam and me, silencing our rebuttals. Its not the last thing I have of her, not even close to it. I have memories that havent lost their vividness with the passing of time, he said, clearing his throat. And I have four of the children we made together ... and I have her here, he said, resting his hand over his heart. Il always carry her with me here. His hands clasped together as he began the work of twisting and pul ing the simple gold band from his finger. Please, Catherine would want it so. It wil be like shes here with us, giving her blessing to this Union.

Freeing the band at last, he lifted it at me. Take it. It would be an honor if it could spend the rest of eternity on my sons hand, placed there by the woman he loves. The woman hes loved for as long as I can remember.

I paused, biting my lip. It was too great a gift for me to accept.

Please do me this great honor, Charles said, pressing the ring into my hand and curling my fingers around it. May it bless your lives now.

I didnt have words. This new Charles was such a different man from the one Id known, or the one I thought Id known. There was something in his gracious kindness that reminded me so much of my father.

Stil at a verbal loss, I threw my arms around him. He returned the embrace, patting his hands over my back. Thank you, I said, my voice constricted.

You are most welcome, he replied as I released his neck from the choke-hold of a hug. Would you like to continue?

Yes, I sniffed, taking Wil iams left hand with mine and settling the worn band at his fingertip. I am yours forever, no matter if time, circumstance or death separates us. With this ring, my soul is now yours, I vowed, needing no prompts from Charles as I slid the ring into its place for nothing shorter than forever.

Your vows made, your words binding. Souls fused and futures woven. May the remainder of your eternities be blessed beyond measure.

Charles smiled, breathing something that looked like a sigh of relief. Perhaps hed been as cautiously optimistic of this day as we had. Look now into the eyes of your United, he instructed needlessly. Wed looked nowhere else but at each other. Stacking our hands, one over the other, Charles rested his on top and beneath, sandwiching Wil iams and mine between. You are each others future of your forevers and the forever of your futures.

Nodding between us, he tilted his head back and shouted, Chairo!

I nearly jolted from the sudden detour from solemn monotony, but certainly jolted when the remainder of Wil iams family shouted the same.

Seeing the look on my face, Wil iam leaned in. Its Hebrew for rejoice. Its a tradition to cal out at the end of a Union.

Thats a tradition I agree with, I said, wanting to say more, but knowing talking was going to be impossible with what Wil iam had on his mind.

He didnt exactly lean in to kiss me, it was more of a sudden impact that would have had me stumbling backwards if he didnt have me locked in his arms. It was a good thing wed decided not to get United in the chapel close by because this was not a church kiss and it wasnt exactly a family-friendly one either, but it was ours. Our first kiss as husband and wife and we were making sure neither of us would forget it.

Wil iams hands twisted together behind my back before he dipped me low to the ground, his mouth not breaking its rhythm. Ive been wanting to do that since the first time I saw you, he said, bringing me back vertical.

The first time you saw me in your mind or your eyes? I asked, breathless and glowing from the kiss.

He lifted my hand in his, flattening it over his chest. The first time I saw you with this, he answered, kissing me again, this one endlessly sweet and just about as long.

These two and their vendetta against tradition, Cora said, shaking her head.

What have I done wrong now? I asked as Wil iams mouth let mine go, although his arms didnt. I doubted if they ever would let me out of their ring of protection again.

Youre not supposed to kiss at the conclusion of a Union, she reminded me, rol ing her eyes. Youre not even supposed to touch. Her eyes wandered down where Wil iams and mine touched at every inch of length. This is a formal occasion. That"she stared us over again"you save for the bedroom.

Sorry, Wil iam offered, shrugging. I couldnt resist and it seemed like a real y bad time to start being one for tradition.

Who cares about tradition? Joseph shouted, driving a compacted fist to the sky. Youre United! He was the first to rush us, but the rest of the family fol owed his lead, wrapping their arms around us.

We al stayed that way for awhile, the girls"me included"dabbing at their eyes as the boys would hoot and hol er in the space between the silence, but Charles and Wil iam remained silent and stoic as the last sliver of sun fel into the ocean, just being in the moment.

Having the man Id fought a hundred different ways for holding me to him and his family holding us to them, Id never felt so accepted and hopeful for my future. The promise of an eternity might give one a sense of non-urgency for chasing down their goals, but it had the opposite effect on me. I wanted to go and save the world tomorrow, to make a difference every day of my forever with this man beside me. He inspired me to want to do great things and equipped me with the belief that I could.

The bodies around us started to untangle until it was just the two of us left ... who wouldnt be untangling for awhile.

A reception of sorts is supposed to fol ow a ceremony, Cora began, being hoisted into Josephs arms, but since I barely had enough notice to make sure we were dressed for the occasion, I didnt have time to put together a dinner.

Food, even for an aficionado like myself, was one of the last things on my To Do list. I think wel survive, I responded, feeling a herd of anxious butterflies battering my stomach when I reminded myself we were United, save for one last way.

Holy panic attack.

I know, but its tradition, she said, using her whiney tone despite beaming.

Cora, in case the fact has escaped you, Wil iam said, shifting nervously"picking up on my feelings most likely. Bryn and I arent exactly one for tradition. No post ceremony dinner, no worries. Wel improvise.

I bet youl improvise, Patrick said, his eyebrows dancing.

I can improvise too, you know, Cora responded, barreling through Patricks attempts to sidetrack her.

What is that supposed to mean? I asked, reviewing her triumphant expression.

She made a face at me. Youl see. Now off with you both, she said, her eyes tracing back to the house. We can tel when its party of two time.

Cora, Ive always been a fan of your keen talent of observation and interpretation, Wil iam said, picking me up in his arms.

We love you, Mr. and Mrs. Hayward, Joseph said, patting Wil iam on the back as we passed by him.

Bryns a Mrs., Patrick said, looking me over. Thats total y hot.

Watch it, Wil iam warned, throwing him a good-natured look.

Like youre not thinking it. Im just the one without an internal censor that traps those kinds of things before they vomit from my mouth.

Youre right, I am thinking it, Wil iam said, gazing down at me with a spark that was growing with every step he took towards the house. But as her husband, its my right to think it. It was more of a revelation to himself than a warning at Patrick, but it succeeded in silencing the fair-haired brother who could vol ey over a game of banter for weeks on end.

Have a pleasant evening, Nathanial lilted behind us, fol owed by a symphony of snickers.

Contrary to what Id assumed, every step closer to what was waiting for us inside the little beach house didnt increase the butterfly tingling sensation, but relieved it. I was stil anxious, nervous beyond a doubt, but my anticipation was so great it was like a typhoon that wiped out al other waves of emotions. There was simplicity when I assumed thered be complexity. I wanted him, he wanted me"that hadnt changed since wed met"but now we could have each other.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

VULNERABLE

We were a few levels north of surreal already and, as Wil iam leapt up onto the porch, I decided to switch off my mind for the night and let instinct take over. It had never steered me wrong yet"it was my confuddled mind that had made a mess of things, so tonight, my cranium area was official y off duty.

Wil iam slid the door open, angling the two of us through it. Whoa, he said, scanning the room.

My eyes fol owed. Whoa, I repeated as he settled my feet to the floor. The room was glowing in candlelight, white votives and pil ars and hurricanes settled over anything that didnt move. I wasnt sure when or how the girls had arranged this, but if I wasnt already convinced, they were miracle workers.

Wil iam reached for a note teepeed over the kitchen table, folding it open. Its not the presidential suite in a five star hotel, but we made due with the time parameters we were working with. Enjoy and congrats, he read, dropping the note back on the table. His eyes swept around the room moving in the candlelight before they finished on me. I can make due if you can make due, Mrs. Hayward.

I can definitely make due, I answered, tingles creeping up my backbone as he slid out of his jacket, hanging it over a chair.

Loosening his tie with one hand, he grabbed one of mine with his other, leading me back to a room I was exceptional y fond of. A room wed almost carried out what we were final y allowed to do tonight. Serendipitous was the word that came to mind.

In a hurry? I swal owed the heat rising in my throat, watching him unbutton his col ar button.

He spun to me, pul ing me with him as he walked backwards. Ive been a hurry to get to this moment my whole existence. Im presently in a hurry to get out of these clothes and, damn, that dress is beautiful, but Im certain whats beneath it is far more so,"his eyes didnt shift from mine, there was no apology and no restraint in them"and then I promise, I wil be in a hurry for nothing else tonight.

I smiled at him, but unlike his unabashed expression, Im sure mine was shy. Thats a promise Il hold you to.

Good, he said, kissing me as he twisted the bedroom door open. Please do.

He guided me into the room and, like theyd expected wed choose the smal est, simplest bedroom in the house, Cora and Abigail had candles scattered around the room, keeping any sources of flaming object safely away from the bed tucked into the corner.

Dryness of throat just elevated from arid to parched.

I could imagine Cora flitting about as she lit the candles, trying to make the room as exceptional as it could be. Im sure to her standards it fel just north of a cardboard box, but for us, it was as close to heaven on earth as you could get. We didnt want extravagant. We didnt want a five star resort or a penthouse suite or champagne and roses. We wanted each other. And, at last, we were going to get just that.

Are you nervous? he whispered, taking my face in his hands.

I am everything but nervous right now, I replied, tugging his shirt free of his pants. Gliding my fingers up the crease of his back, I made a conscientious point to savor every second, every touch of tonight.

His hands moved to his shirt, unbuttoning one and then two before I slid my hands from his back to stop him. Let me, I said, moving down to the next one, trying to keep my hands from shaking. It wasnt nerves making them shake, it was the col ision of everything I was feeling, things Id felt before with Wil iam, but had never been able to explore to their pinnacle. Things like desire and longing, want and fire. It was this potion of feelings that had me wanting to rip the shirt from his body, along with whatever else stood between us, but at the same time, I wanted to enjoy the taste of anticipation, the desire gently fanning the flame.

The last button undone, my hands skimmed up the length of his torso, past his chest, to his shoulders, sliding the shirt from his back and down his arms until it fel to the ground.

I knew perfection wasnt a reality of this world, nothing but a trick to make you waste your life seeking it. Regardless, it was the first thing I thought when I took a step back and reviewed my new husband, shirtless, smiling, and sexy as sin.

It could have been enough, staring at him as I was now, but knowing I had the right to more ... wel , it could have been enough, but it wasnt any longer. I wanted more. I kissed him, like it was our first and last kiss combined. It was dripping in our story, in what had been ours and what would be ours.

Youre so beautiful, I said against his mouth, retracing the trail my hands had just taken, hooking under the waist of his pants, fingering over the button. Something rumbled in his throat as my fingers slipped it free.

I think thats my line, he said, his voice strained as he glanced down at my fingers fumbling at his zipper. Youre going to have me ful y undressed soon and youre stil as ful y clothed as the moment you entered this room. His hands stopped mine where they continued to make a mockery of undressing a man. For mercys sake, why did zippers have to be so difficult to maneuver around when desperation was at its peak? Coming behind me, his lips grazed over the peak of my shoulder, down the curve of my col ar bone, and up the base of my neck. Let me help you catch up. His words vibrated against the sensitive skin of my neck, cascading shivers down my spine.

I dont have multiple layers of garments on, I said as evenly as possibly given the fires igniting across every surface inch of my skin. Once this dress is off, Im next to nak*d.

I felt the smile curve his mouth into place before he answered, Exactly.

My eyes closed. Its a good thing youre here because I couldnt get out of this thing on my own unless I had a pair of scissors, I said, jolting as his hands trailed over the exposed skin of my back.

How, when as innocent"wel , as innocent as what it was prefacing could be"a touch as this could send a bolt of electricity through me, was I going to make it through al that awaited us without bursting into flames? I didnt know, but I wanted to find out.

Good thing, he agreed, his fingers moving over the top button, his lips moving over my neck again.

His usual graceful motion was lost on the tiny buttons running the better length of my upper half. Sorry, this dress is some form of sadistic torture for a couple on their first night together, I said, swal owing. Cora even had a tough time getting it latched into place.

Thats not the problem, he said, final y pul ing the first button free. Im having a tough time not unlatching it from you in one fel swoop, but Im forcing myself to savor every last one of these cursed things, he said, strained, as the second one popped free. Moving the fabric aside, he kissed the area of skin beneath the buttons, undoing the next one at the same time, kissing that spot and continuing on that journey south until the last one was freed.

His mouth lingered longer over the skin behind the last button, right at the very last inch of skin that could be classified as back, but was more back side than I wanted to realize at this time in encroaching nak*dness. Now was no time to let insecurities out of their cage.

For whatever reason, Wil iam loved me like there wasnt a single imperfection clouding his love. I was going to view myself from his eyes from now on when I felt the inner demons awakening.

I thoroughly enjoyed that, he breathed against the curve of my neck. Torture device warning aside.

Yeah? I asked, smiling.

His head nodded against me as his hands shrugged into the delicate cap sleeves of the gown. But Im sure Im going to like this more, he said, freeing the dress of my shoulders, pul ing one of my arms through, then the other, and then there was nothing else holding the dress up save for Wil iams fingers. Opening them, he let the dress parachute to the floor and, save for a couple pieces of silky material that were most definitely not what I normal y wore, I was nak*d.

If I thought Id ever experienced hyperventilation before, Id been kidding myself. The hitching of air in my lungs was keeping pace with the frantic beating of my heart. I felt vulnerable, I was vulnerable, but I reminded myself who was in the room with me, Wil iam.

He deserved vulnerability, I owed him vulnerability. The world had taken the concept and screwed it into something twisted that would elicit a cringe when one gave it thought, but this is what, at the core of it al , we al craved. For someone other than ourselves to know us so intimately they know what wed do before we did, what we look like better than we do.

I sighed when his hands moved down the length of my arms, twining his fingers through mine as he lifted them above and behind me, circling them over his neck.

Vulnerability"the island in the sea I never wanted to be rescued from now that Id found it.

His hands had no problem unhooking the clasps at the center of my back, letting the strapless bra spring to the floor without a reservation. His fingers moved down the length of my bare back, back up again, and repeated the journey.

Wil iam, I said, looking back at him. His eyes were skimming over my body, taking it al in, but they moved up to mine the instant I said his name.

Youre going to have to move me to that bed before I pass out if you keep doing that.

He smiled, but I wasnt joking. Passing out from the pleasure or the passion or whatever it was he was doing to me seemed like a very real possibility and I definitely didnt want to miss a moment of this. Thats the plan, he answered, pressing his body into mine, his mouth moving to mine, kissing me as his hands repeated the caresses over my front theyd just completed over my back. The pleasure was so intense it bordered on painful, but whether pleasure or pain, it hurt so good I didnt care.

One more caress down my sides and his thumbs hooked underneath the final scrap of clothing keeping us apart. Wel , at least keeping us apart on me. His pants were stil securely in place, but they wouldnt be for much longer.

In a motion so seamless, my panties ended up on top of my discarded clothing at my feet and in a motion not nearly so seamless, my hands dropped to his pants, fumbling with his zipper. Id had trouble with the darn thing without trying to perform acrobatics by Bryn definition, but it appeared desperation made my hands more adept. The zipper free"at last"it was as simple as a light tug on his pants and the rest of him was as nak*d as I was.

He turned me to him, cradling my face in his hands as he kissed me first, then took a step back, his eyes wandering over me without apology or speed. Taking in every curve of my body, every line of my skin, each spot no man had ever seen before. You cant be real, he said final y, his eyes sliding back to mine. There was a hunger so deep it made me want to run to him and satiate it. You cant be mine, he said, stil awed as he gave his head a clearing shake.

Real I am and yours I am even more, I replied, letting my eyes wander over him as he had me. I didnt have any doubts that what I hadnt seen of him would be any less jaw-dropping than what I had seen, but that didnt mean it didnt overwhelm me as I took al of him in.

Wil iam was mine now, and I his, I wanted to give him everything hed ever wanted, everything hed ever need, but how could a girl nearly as naAve as a nun give this man being worshipped even by the candlelight he was so exquisite, everything he wanted ... everything he expected?

My naivety coupled with my clumsiness would make for a rol in the sack Wil iam wouldnt be inspired to recreate anytime soon, I guessed.

Not able to help it, I bit my lip, glancing away from him ... and this was no easy feat with the nak*d man who had a body that was meant to be seen nak*d two feet in front of me.

You are nervous, he stated, concern ebbing into his voice. He stepped into me, pul ing me tight against him in an embrace that was nothing but comforting, although the col iding of our bodies didnt exactly make me feel comforted. Burning out of control with passion, yeah, longing to have his hands running over the same parts of me they just had, yeah, but comforted ... not exactly. Whats the matter? he asked, his arms vices around me.

The vulnerability I was immersed in brought the answer out easier than I normal y would have offered up. I dont know what to do, I said. Im afraid Im going to be an utter disappointment in the bedroom department. I dont have the faintest clue how to proceed.

Never did I imagine once Wil iam and I were al owed to be together like this would I be the one putting on the brakes, not in one bil ion years, but you would have thought by now I would have learned I never had things figured out.

I dont have an instruction manual either, he began, his voice patient. But I dont have any doubt we can figure it out. Im that committed to mastering this aspect of our relationship, he said, rubbing my back. And as for being a disappointment ... he held my face in his hands so he could look me in the eyes. Even if I did nothing but stare at you al night long, I could die a happy right man right here, right now. His face was so serious, not a nuance of exaggeration in it, I smiled.

Right here, right now, I repeated. Before ... I hinted, my eyes sweeping over the bed.

His eyes fol owed mine and a grimace lined his face. I could, but I dont want to.

Good, I said, doing a mental shove of my last bit of fear. Lets figure this thing out then. I took a step backwards and another, inching towards the bed. He matched my movements, step for step, touch for touch.

Think of it as a dance, he whispered, lowering me to the mattress. A dance without clothes. We already know how to dance standing up, we can figure out how to dance lying down. No matter how long it takes, he said, winking down at me as his body positioned over mine, holding his weight on his forearms. The surface fires suddenly scorched deeper, spreading through every nerve ending, knowing this was the thing forever memories were made of.

Wil iam and I would be walking hand-in-hand down a beach a thousand years from now and this was the kind of moment that would flash to the front of my mind. The kind of moments we live our lives chasing. Id chased this one down long enough, I was done chasing. I was ready to live it.

Dance with me, Bryn, he whispered, his frantic heartbeat only outdone by mine.

Youre going to have to take the lead, I whispered back, rocking my body closer to him, wanting his strained forearms to give out so his weight would crush against me.

He kissed me, probably the sweetest one hed ever given me, before positioning his face over mine, our eyes inches apart. Thats my job, baby, he breathed, slowly moving inside me.

Our bodies moaned and shuddered in unison, but it was the response taking place in his eyes from our union that gripped me. They were changing, the pale hue being drowned out by the sapphire color swirling into the irises. His eyes went soft, awed as I saw the reflection in his eyes of mine doing the same.

Forever and then some, he vowed, our bodies moving together as natural y as if wed been loving each other this way for as many thousands of years as we would forward, our eyes lost in a glimmering sea of sapphire.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

BREAKFAST HAYWARD STYLE

I awoke from the sweetest of dreams into the sweetest dream yet and had it not been for the hushed voices interrupting our sanctuary and the exhaustion I felt from a next to sleepless night, I would have thought I was dreaming stil . Wil iams body was half draped over mine, his arms holding me against him, his eyes closed.

Hed been right"we figured it out ... and then we figured it out again and ... wel , by dawn I was almost cocky with my newfound sexual powers.

The man was stil smiling in his sleep.

Brushing my lips across his, I rol ed over him. I think thats al the sleep youre going to be al owed this morning, love, I whispered as I heard someones laughter spewing from their mouth when what sounded like a couple of eggs cracked to the ground.

His arms stretched above him, his smile stretching wider. Again? he said, sounding anything but inconvenienced despite his best attempts. I knew youd be the death of me one day, but like I said"his hands stretched up to my shoulders before flipping me onto my back"what a way to go, he whispered, dotting my neck with kisses, his body no longer holding its weight above mine.

Okay, I was not going to be able to put together a coherent thought, let alone a coherent sentence if he kept this up. Your family, I said, already breathless. Theyre a room away and, since I think theres a very good chance we woke the neighbors three houses down last night, you better put the brakes on right now, I said, almost begging. I couldnt put up a fight against this, at least not a convincing one, so hopeful y hed find the wil power to abstain for the both of us.

He cocked an ear towards the door, the noises coming from behind it hitting him for the first time. What are they doing here? he grumbled, his arms lining with veins as he propped up on them.

Wil power real y sucked sometimes.

Making breakfast would be my guess, I said, remembering Coras more threat than warning last night that she was just as capable of improvising as we were. Is that a crime now? I teased as he looked put out, inconvenienced beyond repair.

Considering four of the five of them know what its like to wake up on the first morning of your honeymoon and want nothing else but to stay in bed"al day"yes, it should be a crime. He kissed me, but the heat of one thing leading to the next was gone from it. Hed resigned himself to family, clothing, and a break from bed.

He shifted off of me, rol ing into a stand and padding over to the dresser on the far wal .

Do you think its possible that I love you even more this morning? I asked, watching unblinking as the morning light shadowed around the lines and curves of his body. Perfection, there was no other word for the nak*d man before me.

After last night? he said, like it should be obvious. Most definitely.

Yeah, thats what I thought, I said, stal ing putting my own clothes on because watching him put on his was something worth stal ing for if there ever was something.

He grinned back at me, the sapphire in his eyes sparkling in a way the pale ones couldnt, or perhaps hadnt had the same reason to before last night. He pul ed on a pair of tattered Levis and shrugged into a snug grey tee before moving towards my suitcase resting on the chair in the corner.

As much of a damn shame as it is to cover that body of yours,"he smiled wickedly back at me"would you like me to grab you something to wear? He unzipped the bag, a low whistle his immediate response. As Id expected it would be.

Were you planning on not leaving the bedroom for a year? he asked, rifling through the bil owy layers of lace and silk.

Yes, I answered, shrugging. However, I think I packed a swimsuit ... just in case we wanted to take a break.

I dont know what I did in my life to deserve you, he mused, admiring something from the suitcase before returning to the dresser. But Il be the last person who youl hear complaining.

Lets see, I said, leaving the bed and moving towards him. You searched for me tirelessly for the better part of two hundred years, loving me before I even knew who you were,"I wrapped my arms around his waist, leaning my head into his back"have the respect of every single Guardian in existence, rescued me from the evilest man to walk the earth on two separate occasions, and theres something else, I said, tapping my fingers over his stomach as I pretended to think. Ah, thats it, I said, snapping my fingers. You saved the world, too. I cant imagine with that unimpressive line-up why youd deserve someone like me.

He spun towards me, a pair of his scrubs and a sweatshirt in hand. Have I ever told you that you tend to be a little melodramatic in the morning?

he asked, kissing my forehead.

I smirked at him, skimming my thumbs along the waist of his jeans. And have I ever told you that you tend to be a little self-deprecating in the morning?

He kissed me suddenly, this one definitely not conducive to getting dressed and having breakfast with the family. His hands roamed over my nak*d body and, just as I was going for the first button of his jeans, a three note tap came outside the door. I jumped like a thirteen year old about to be caught by her parents.

Alright, thats enough you two. We can hear you out here, you know? Joseph said, trying to sound stern. Put your clothes back on and get out here. Youve got one minute before I bust down the door, no matter what sounds I hear coming from the other side of it, you got me?

Wil iam stifled a growl against my neck as his mouth wasnt ready to give up on his attempts to delay the inevitable. Were coming, Joseph! I hol ered louder than expected, more to do with Wil iams hands than irritation at Joseph for being interrupted.

As always, excel ent choice of words, Bryn, Patricks voice carried across the room before it broke into a snicker.

Wil iam grumbled louder as I grabbed the clothes from his hands, pul ing on the sweatshirt like it was the enemy.

Oh, and Wil iam? Joseph said, so innocent he couldnt be. I left you guys a little belated Union gift on the nightstand. Thought it might be something youd put to good use, he said, his voice implying something that could only be deciphered by his brother.

Wil iams eyes ran to the nightstand as a mischievous smile formed. I cant think of a better present and wel definitely put them to good use, he said, practical y running to the smal cardboard box.

Isnt it a little late for those? I asked as he tore the box open. And I dont think we need to worry about using" I havent seen a pair of these in fifty years, Wil iam said, rifling through the boxs contents.

My face squeezed together. Real y? There doesnt seem to be a shortage. You can find them in some nasty dispenser at any pit-stop off the highway.

He paused to look at me. What are you talking about?

What are you talking about? I repeated, staring at the box in his hand.

Contacts, he said, tearing a package open. Pale blue ones to be exact.

Pale blue ones ... I repeated as I contemplated.

He opened his mouth to explain, but I was already there. Patrick, I said, Wil iam and Joseph just as fond of playing with him as he was with them.

You guys want to play a little trick on him.

He nodded, his eyes glinting.

That is stooping to a new level of low. Even for you and your brothers, I said, crossing my arms before smiling. Help me put mine in?

I just fel in love with you al over again, he said, popping a set in his eyes and blinking them into place. Good? he asked me.

So good I want to recreate what we did to rid you of that sweet, innocent blue, I said as he popped open the other set. He smiled one that was new, one that had been invented last night"it was my new favorite. It made my stomach drop just as it had the first time Id seen it a handful of hours ago.

Im real y going to have to thank Joseph for this gift, then, he said.

Im obviously missing something here, I began, looking away from him. I didnt trust my wil power when he looked at me like he was. But if there are these little light blue wonders in existence, why doesnt everyone make use of them if ... I hinted, seeing hed caught my drift.

If you look close enough, he said, lowering his head so we were eye-to-eye, its obvious theyre fake. Youd have to be desperate to hope a pair of these would keep you from being found out. But Patrick has never been one for details, so this ought to be good.

How am I not going to laugh? I said as he dropped the contacts in my eyes. I was practical y laughing just thinking about the look on Patricks face.

Just think about last night, he suggested.

Hows that going to help? I shouted, tingles sprouting up my thighs.

You dont want to laugh anymore, do you?

No, but Il wind up doing something much worse.

Thats a matter of perspective, and from mine, that sounds like my kind of breakfast.

I blinked mine around until they seemed like they were in the right spot, but they felt dreadful on, like there was something that needed to be dug out of my eye.

Ready? he asked, twisting the doorknob.

Not real y? I dont know why I replied with a question, but no matter what my answer was, Wil iam was throwing that door open, giddy at the chance to tilt the scales of brotherly racketeering in his favor. But whenever Patrick was on the other end of it, payback was always paid back promptly and in excess.

The hushing was silenced as our bedroom door groaned open, four pairs of eyes zeroing in on us. The fifth set in the room had his back to us as he shoveled a plate with a steaming pile of bacon. Not a peep was made, although Joseph was practical y busting a gut as he surveyed Wil iams and my contacted eyes.

So ... Patrick said final y, continuing to the next tray lining the dining room table. How are our newlyweds this morning?

Cora had to pinch her husbands arm to keep him from howling out in laughter. Joseph could barely keep from laughing, how was I going to manage it?

Not too bad, Wil iam answered, drawing out a yawn. How about you?

Abigail and Nathanial flitted around the stove and sink, distracting themselves as Wil iam grabbed my hand and led me to the table. Joseph and Cora kneeled behind the island, practical y gagging themselves on a couple of hand towels. I couldnt believe Patrick was this oblivious to the scene taking place behind him, but as I neared the table and found it brimming with every kind of breakfast food one could come across in their lives, I understood why he was so preoccupied.

Im just splendid, he answered, heaving a ladle of gravy over a few biscuits. Im stil feeling John Townsends nastiness drifting around in me like a resident poltergeist, got to watch the girl I had it bad for get hitched to my brother, and Im now official y the third wheel no matter who Im hanging out with in the family.

Wil iam stiffened about mid-way through Patricks rant, but it was relieved by a gentle nudge from me.

Good morning to you, too, happy, I said, coming around the table so we were directly across from him.

Yeah, yeah, I get youre blissful y happy and just awakened from the greatest night of your existences and plan to rub it in my face, but"he final y glanced up as he was plucking a few fruit skewers from a vase"Il have you know my night wasnt so bad ..."this time he didnt glance when he looked back at us, he stared, blinking to make sure he was seeing things right"... either, he finished, his eyes shifting between Wil iams and mine, the plate fal ing from his hands, but Abigails swift hand caught it before it shattered to the ground.

You alright, little brother? Wil iam asked, composed unlike I was about to be if Patricks expression didnt diffuse soon. Id never seen an expression so shocked.

Okay, back things up for me, he said, bracing his hands over the table. Ive been a little out of sorts as of late, but I seem to remember the two of you being United last night? he asked, like he almost didnt believe it.

Wil iam shrugged like it was the most everyday kind of thing. Yeah. Whats your point?

A snicker escaped from the kitchen, sounding like Josephs little girl one, which was promptly silenced by a flick of a wet dish towel delivered via Nathanial. Patrick didnt notice, though. He wouldnt have noticed a 747 coming in for a landing at the moment.

O-kaaaaaaaay, he said, squinting between the two of us. And you spent the night together?

We nodded together.

The entire night together, Patrick clarified.

Yes, Wil iam said, his voice and expression stil composed. Whats your point?

Patricks shock lined into disbelief as he waved his hands at us. Did you forget something?

This time it was an entire circus of snickers that erupted from the kitchen, but he remained oblivious.

We were a little tired last night given wed been on the front lines of the biggest coup detat in the worlds history, but now that you mention it ...

Wil iam said, clasping his hands over my shoulders and steering me towards the tiny guest bathroom in the hal way.

You and your brothers pranks know no bounds, do they? I whispered as I caught up to what Wil iam had in mind.

Took you this long to figure it out? he breathed in my ear, pinching at my sides.

Breakfast is ready! Abigail hol ered at us.

Dont worry, Wil iam assured, waving his hand back at her. This wil only take a couple minutes.

This time it was my turn to snicker.

Just go with me on this. Patricks going to burst a vein in his forehead.

I dont know which is worse. Fooling your sensitive brother into believing we did nothing but sleep last night or pretending were about to do what he thinks we are in this coat closet of a bathroom, I whispered as I sidled up against the wal , making room for Wil iam.

Whos pretending? he whispered, gripping the back of my thigh and pul ing it up over his waist. I didnt wait for him to grab the other one.

Only a couple minutes? I whispered, my breathing already shal ow, rethinking my affections for the bathroom. It was real y quite cozy ... and intimate ... and steamy.

He chuckled as I ran my mouth down his neck, already tugging at his shirt. As much as Id prefer to be doing exactly what youve got in mind, after months of rushing, the only thing I dont want to do with you is hurry.

The man had more restraint that me, not that that was saying much. I had none, so even someone who had the smal est fraction of it had infinitely more than me. Fine, I relented, removing my lips and loosening the grip my legs had around him. What have you got in mind?

He grinned, unwinding his arms from me and extending them wide, but I stayed glued where I was. Bang the wal s with al your might for a minute and then wel leave the room disheveled and smiling.

Prime. Evil, I said, already forming my fists into bal s.

It runs in the family, he said, before slamming his back into the wal behind him, fol owed by my fists slamming it right after. I had to remind myself not to use ful strength because the wal s would be no more if I did.

We moved to the next and the next, until we were smashing Wil iams back and my fists into each wal in a haphazard pattern that was likely shaking the entire first floor. I could only imagine Patricks face.

The poor guy, but I soothed my reservations about taking part in Wil iam and Josephs ruse by vowing to bake him cookies every day for a year.

The worst kind of transgression could be forgiven with that kind of a peace offering, at least in Patricks eyes.

That should do the trick, Wil iam whispered after slamming his shoulder into one final wal . He slid me down from my position to which I frowned to the point of lower lip pouting. I love that Im capable of deriving that kind of reaction from you, he said, sweeping a thumb over my frown. Its making me a tad cocky I think.

You have every right to be, I said, trying to shake the images from last night away. At least for now.

I do, dont I? he said, as he ruffled his hair al around until it resembled what Elviss hair might have looked like fol owing a night on tour, pre-white sequined bodysuit.

Be kind, I said as he moved onto my hair, fingering it into a ratty mess of a cyclone. Just how every girl wanted to look on the first day of her honeymoon.

That ought to do it, he said to himself, undoing the first couple buttons on his Levis and twisting my sweatshirt around so it was backwards. He popped the contacts from his eyes and did the same with mine, tucking them back into the plastic container. You are truly the most beautiful, virtuous creature to ever leave a bathroom with a man after a minutes time.

Not sure if that was intended as a compliment, but thanks. I guess, I said, elbowing him as he twisted the door open.

I felt the col ective inhale of air and took my own, repeating reminders not to break into hysterics when I saw and heard Patricks response.

Patrick hadnt moved from his location, his head the only thing moving when we rounded the corner straight-faced and heading right for our seats at the table, like nothing had happened.

His eyes amplified as he investigated ours and the sapphire color that hadnt been there moments ago. What the? he said, staring at us like we were the only riddle he couldnt solve.

Hows breakfast? Wil iam asked, looking at Patricks heaping plate with feigned interest.

Hows breakfast? Patrick repeated. How. Is. Breakfast? He shook his head, grabbing Wil iams arm as he was passing by. Who are you and what have you done with my brother?

What are you talking about? Wil iam asked, plucking a piece of pineapple from a skewer and popping it in his mouth.

You would have sold your soul to the highest bidder to final y get to be with Bryn the way you were final y al owed to last night and you expect me to believe that you merely overlooked it? Patrick asked, taking a biscuit from the basket and pitching it at the back of Wil iams head as he headed towards an increasingly red-faced Joseph.

What? Wil iams laughed, letting the biscuit hit its target. We were tired. Defeating evil wil do that to you.

Patrick threw a disgusted look at the back of Wil iams head before looking at me. Bryn, please. What the flippity-flap is going on here? Either Im having an out-of-body experience or my brother has been possessed. Which one is it?

So I might have had a bigger weak spot for Patrick than Id let myself acknowledge before seeing him this at a loss, like every truth hed held of life was being questioned. I had to put him out of his misery. Or at least al eviate it.

Wil iam was just handing off the plastic contact container to Joseph when I let my temporary lapse in Patrick weakness hit its peak. I made sure Patrick caught my hint to fol ow my gaze as I pointed at Wil iam and Josephs stealthy exchange. Patrick might not have been one for details, but he was a master at picking up the slightest of hints.

He threw me a smile and a wink before marching right up to his dark haired brothers. I give you points for delivery, but no marks for execution, he shouted, surprising them both as he fished the container out of Josephs death grip. I dont know whether to be insulted youd expect me to fal for something so ridiculous or to be flattered for thinking of me at al on your first morning as a United couple.

Wil iam and Joseph were the first to burst into laughter, but it was fol owed by the addition of a couple more. Sorry, Patrick, Wil iam said in between his laughter. You know I love you and you also know I couldnt let an opportunity like this pass me by.

Yeah, yeah, I get it, Patrick said, tossing the contacts back at Joseph and shooting him a glare. Not only do I get to be the third wheel, but I also get to be the butt of every joke. What an eternity I have to look forward to, he mumbled, pouting his way back to the table.

His family had experienced Patricks proclivity for pouting for generations. I hadnt and he was a good actor. Plus, I had the added guilt of crushing his heart, so that could have been the reason I found myself going to him and wrapping my arms around him.

Have I had a chance to say thank you for conquering the axis of evil and saving me from insanity trapped in that black hole yet? I asked, squeezing him into a bear hug.

Not yet, but I forgive you, he said, pul ing me to him Youve been kind of busy avoiding death, getting United, playing me for a fool, that kind of stuff.

Im sorry, I offered, smiling. And thank you.

Anytime, kiddo. Anytime. He tucked his chin over my head and pul ed me closer, grinning like the Cheshire cat at Wil iam.

Because youre my little brother, youre al owed to hug my wife for a few seconds. But because Im aware of your feelings for her and youre approaching a ten second embrace there, Wil iam said, shooting him a look, Il give you two more seconds to drop your arms from my girl before I rip them from their sockets.

I see the territorial aggression hasnt tapered off since being United, Patrick mumbled as he broke free of our hug, raising his hands and taking deliberate steps away from me.

Come here, Wil iam said, approaching us. You can hug her anytime you want, as long as its alright with Bryn. Were family, he said, his eyes soft as he sandwiched the three of us together into a hug that made mine seem as firm as a wet noodle.

Sure, of course were family, Patrick mumbled in between us. Since youre the one that ended up with the girl.

I elbowed him as we unwound from our sandwich. He always had the girl. It wasnt like there was a competition for me.

Ouch, Patrick said, taking a seat in front of his mountain of food. Im not even competition any more to someone as boring and hard to look at as Wil iam. This day just keeps getting better.

Enough, already, Abigail scolded, setting down a tray of French toast sprinkled with powered sugar and another with cream cheese rol ed crepes. When it came to a meal, Abigail never did anything half-way.

Yeah, enough already ... Bartholomew, I teased, taking a seat across from him and smirking. Can I cal you Bart? I asked, going in for a muffin.

Patrick smiled humorlessly. Not if you expect me to answer, Bryny-Bear.

Do your worst, I said, unaffected. No matter what clever nickname you come up with for me, nothing could ever overtake Bartholomew.

Yeah, thank goodness Mother and Father saved that gem for you, Wil iam said, sliding into the chair next to me and shifting a whipped cream and strawberry waffle from his overflowing plate to mine. Your favorite, Mrs. Hayward, he said proudly as he kissed my temple.

Patrick made a motion of cutting his index finger across his neck before narrowing in on Wil iams breakfast. Since when did your appetite pick up to rival mine? For once, Patrick wasnt exaggerating. Wil iams plate peaked up into a mountain a good half-foot high, besting Patricks mastery of food stacking.

Since, unlike you, I was doing something other than sleeping and I plan on repeating that exact same thing for at least a year straight before sleep gets put back on the schedule, he explained, cutting into his eggs benedict, I need my proverbial energy.

Patrick grinned at his wistful-faced brother, a genuine one, as he leaned in. So was it as good as you always imagined it would be?

I flushed, more from the memories than the embarrassment.

Nah, Wil iam said, finishing his bite as a smile curled up one side of his mouth. It was like a mil ion times better.

You lucky son of a gun, Patrick grumbled, stabbing a slab of ham.

Everything is beyond delicious, I cal ed out to the four putting the last few dishes on the table. If youre up for a chal enge, Abby, Id love to take a few cooking lessons from you. I was hoping to change the subject from Patricks line of questioning, but I should have known nothing less than a firing squad could have succeeded in that.

So Bryns legendary clumsiness didnt result in any accidental punches of elbows or knees or kicks or" No, I interrupted, having enough with the Bryn-bashing already. Everything fit together just fine, thank you very much.

Patrick spewed his orange juice from his mouth. Literal y spewed it. I had a good vantage point given Id selected the seat across from him.

From that permi-grin youve manifested on your husbands face, I can see that everything fit together just fine, he repeated, annunciating just so.

Where are your manners? Cora scolded, swatting the back of Patricks head in passing.

I dont know, he replied, scooting out the chair next to him for Cora. I lost them a long time ago and cant seem to find them.

Cant or dont want to? I muttered into my orange juice glass.

He smiled. Both.

Enough with the sex talk and on to important things, Abigail said, coming up behind me. Four pairs of male eyes looked at her like shed just said something blasphemous. Let me see that ring! she exclaimed, grabbing my left hand and letting out a whistle. Thats not a diamond, Wil iam, thats a basebal .

So yesterday had been a bit ... eventful and Id been in a black hole before landing smack in the middle of the kind of battle legends were made of. Id been preoccupied to put it lightly, but given most girls dreamed, planned, and agonized over the ring that would one day grace their ring finger, dont you think I would have at least noticed mine prior to Abigail bringing it up?

It had been on my finger for a few days, but noticing it now"for what I guess you would consider the first time"my jaw hit the table. What in the world were you thinking, Wil iam? I shouted, stil gape-mouthed. Its far too much. I looked at him, the weight of it seeming to give my finger cramps from holding it up. Did you rob some poor sheik of his crown jewel?

Joseph snickered. Figures youd find the biggest diamond a mans ever bought for a woman for the one woman in al history who would have been happy with a quarter machine ring.

Whats that I smel ? Patrick added, sniffing the air in my direction where my silent fuming was about to become not-so-silent. Ah, thats it, poetic justice.

I glared my warning at Patrick before turning it to Wil iam. I wasnt that girl who demanded the diamond that would put al others to shame. I wasnt even a diamond girl. I was a simple, no-fuss, gold band kind of girl, like the Unity band hed put above the monster-sized diamond last night.

Now, before you go off on me, may I have a minute to explain? Wil iam asked, raising his hands in his supposed innocence.

Proceed, I said, turning in my chair towards him. Although I cant imagine any explanation that could explain this ..."I glanced at the ring again. I could inflict some serious damage with that monstrosity"this ... thing, I settled for.

He slid in his seat to face me, tucking my knees in between his. I got this for you right after I began having dreams of you. Its big, I know, but it was the only thing at the time I could get for you that would symbolize what I felt. I wanted the very best, he said, looking at me shyly. It had nothing to do with trying to buy you or convince you of my love and everything to do as an expression of it. Please wear it, he asked, a request one notch above a beg. Ive waited to see it on your finger so long. His fingers twisted the ring around my finger. Who cares about the excessive size? I only had you on my mind when I bought it, nothing else, least especial y what anyone else would think.

Offensive size you mean, Patrick said under his breath, but I paid it no attention. The man pleading before me could melt my heart before I even knew what was coming.

I didnt look at the ring when I answered him; I looked nowhere but in his eyes. Its beautiful, I said, leaning in to kiss his cheek. Thank you.

Il take one more of those, Wil iam said, tapping his lips. Right here.

I didnt even pretend to put up a fight"it would have been useless in the end anyways.

Sometimes I think the only reason you two bicker is so you have an excuse to make-out, Patrick huffed in his seat. I mean make-up.

And youre every shade of green right now, Patrick, Abigail said, taking her seat next to Nathanial.

So should we start or should we wait for Charles? Cora asked, as I, wanting to show some respect for his family, chose to break away from our kiss before we nauseated the rest of them.

Im here, a voice cal ed out from the front door as it closed. Sorry Im late, but it seems theres quite a bit of work that goes with the aftermath of usurping an Al iance the size of Johns, Charles said good-naturedly, rounding the hal into the kitchen.

Youre just in time, Abigail said, turning in her seat to welcome Charles. You only missed witnessing your sons immaturity.

Ah, of course, theres never a shortage of that, Charles replied, patting Wil iam and me on the shoulders as he took a seat beside Patrick. But a good laugh was just what I needed after last night.

Busy night? Nathanial asked, to which Charles gave a single nod.

How did you al ... he began, circling around the family until his eyes fel on Wil iam and me. He went the subtlest shade of red...... sleep?

Everyone offered a quick reply, in the form of one word or a quick snicker, but Wil iam and I gave no answer other than the avoidance of Charles eyes.

So whats the word from Inheritor central? Patrick asked in between forkfuls of omelet.

Charles sighed, sounding tired. Most of the masterminds are dead, other than Troy, whos" Done what he does best, Patrick interjected.

Run away like a little girl, Joseph added.

Cora shot Joseph a look, standing her ful height of five foot and no inches.

You are not a little girl, babe, he said. You are a strong, beautiful woman who could kick Troys butt with your hands tied behind your back, he finished, blowing her a kiss.

Let him enjoy it why he has legs, Nathanial grumbled. He wont have them for much longer when we find him.

Wel find him. Ive already located the general area hes heading, Charles said. Im not worried about him"especial y with Hector and Paul after him"my stomach dropped a bit realizing that Paul hadnt stopped chasing Troy when theyd left the bal room yesterday. Not that I would have expected him to. Giving up wasnt Pauls thing, as I was personal y aware of. Its every one else I have to figure out what to do with, Charles continued, reaching for a piece of toast. John had thousands of fol owers around the world that were more or less forced into cooperation. We now have to begin the task of dispersing of these thousands of Inheritors into other Al iances. Not to mention hold trials for the ringleaders who are stil alive and reinstate the High Council with members that are less corruptible.

I wonder whos going to be a top runner for a position on the High Council ... Nathanial said, pointing his eyes at Charles.

I may have been stupid enough to agree to a Chancel or position in our Al iance, but Im certainly not stupid enough to agree to a seat on the High Council. Theres a decades long headache waiting for me I dont need right now, Charles said, looking exhausted from the mention of it. Not with everything I have to clean up after last night.

Sounds like a kil er good time, Patrick said. Let me know if you need any more help on the butt-kicking end. Diplomacys never real y been my thing.

Diplomacy? Charles said, making a face. My sons?

If you wanted diplomats, you shouldnt have taught us how to shoot a gun as soon as we could walk, Nathanial answered.

Or taught us how to track anything with feet, Joseph threw in, looking to Wil iam to take his turn.

Or taught us how to take a man down with one hit, Wil iam said, smiling over to Patrick.

Or taught us muscle over mind, Patrick said, chewing through a piece of toast.

I never taught you that, Charles said, looking aghast.

Only by technicality in that you birthed the three brutes around me who taught me using my mind when they came at me with their muscles was useless.

Charles rol ed his eyes. It was the first time Id seen him do it. It didnt seem a man of Charles stature was capable of such a thing. Enough with the clean-up project in front of us"today is a day for celebration. He smiled, looking over at us, where Wil iam was managing to butter a piece of bread one-handed while he kept the other arm around me. May I ask what the two of you have planned for the immediate future?

Wil iam smiled, looking at me from the side. I trust my chosen one duties are fulfil ed?

Charles smiled back. For now.

It figures youd pick the perfect time to declare your chosen one-worthiness right before John Townsend was taken down, Patrick said, scowling into his coffee cup. It doesnt matter if you are or are not. Everyone now believes youre not only the chosen one, but god. It was bad enough when Bryn thought it. Now your master of the universe complex is going to grow to epic proportions.

Rewinding most recent rant from the brother across from me, Wil iam glared at Patrick before looking to Charles. I think an extended honeymoon is in order. An extended extended honeymoon, he emphasized, his eyes glinting over at me.

Id say that sounds like just the thing, Charles concurred, leaning back in his seat. Any ideas where said honeymoon wil take place?

Oh, Ive got one, Wil iam said, playing it cool. Somewhere Ive had in mind for awhile now.

CHAPTER TWENTY

RULERS OF OUR OWN UNIVERSE

Please tel me it hasnt been a month tomorrow, Wil iam said, tracing his fingers over the droplets of water dotting my skin. Lie to me, I dont care, but do not tel me were expected to rejoin reality tomorrow morning when we leave to board that plane back to the Montana.

I reclined in his arms, situating my head over his shoulder and floated in the steaming hot spring, no one around for miles, nothing but the Bavarian mountain air and the snow fal ing from the sky to intrude upon us.

Peace"at last.

Wil iam had shown me the hot spring a couple of days after wed arrived in Germany, at the foot of the Alps to be exact. His house had been rebuilt as if itd never been burnt to the ground a couple of months back. When Id asked him if there was some sort of Immortal magic I wasnt aware of that he was holding back from me, hed merely said that he knew people. Judging from the way the chalet had been put back together just as itd been before, square inch for square inch, that could have been the most under exaggerated use of the phrase to date.

Il lie if you real y want me to, I began, catching a downy cluster of snowflakes on the tip of my tongue but does reality sound al that awful when weve got each other to return to it with?

It didnt sound that awful to me. Actual y, there was nothing remotely awful about it.

Sure, the past month had been the kind of time people look back on in their coldest, darkest days and has the ability to bring a smile to the surface, but going back to a family, an Al iance, and a routine sounded anything but dreadful, especial y with my husband at my side.

Yes, it real y does, actual y, he said, trailing his fingers down my front. Since there was nothing but the occasional bird to see us, skinny-dipping had at last become a reality. I wasnt sure if Id ever wear a swimsuit again. If it means having to focus my attention on something other than you, than yes, it does sound awful.

I knew he was exaggerating, slightly, but I was stil a sucker whenever he turned on the puppy-dog face and voice combination he was utilizing to his benefit right now. Id stil be a sucker for it a thousand years down the road. It was that darn adorable and that damn sexy when I was positioned as I was against his wet, nak*d body. Alright, youve got me convinced. Lets spend the rest of our eternities dodging reality at every turn.

Youve got a handful of houses we can float between to evade responsibility, right?

Weve got a handful of houses, he clarified. Not to mention a houseboat Ive relocated to a certain undisclosed location.

I smiled. It was like signing my new name. It didnt quite come natural y to accept that what was mine was his and what was his was mine or to sign my name Bryn Hayward, but it would soon enough. I never would have guessed Id be a real estate tycoon at the young age of twenty.

But you did presume youd die, become an Immortal, marry a man whos been"by al definitions of the term"stalking you down in time for two hundred plus years, be Betrothed to quite possibly the son of Satan, discover you were the strongest Taker in known existence, nearly kil your one true love, run away before running back to one true love, be Betrothed again, kidnapped, overthrow said spawn of Satan, and Unite with the man of your dreams"I heard the smile in his voice"al in under a years time at that?

Wel , yeah, nothing but your typical year in a col ege girls life, I said, like it was the least impressive thing Id heard. And I thought you said I didnt almost kil you?

Despite wanting to get over it, the incident was stil a sore spot and would likely always be. I probably had more tragedies weaving my life together than most people my age, but the worst of these had been looking at Wil iams lifeless face and believing Id been the one to kil him.

Of course, the one thing you would bristle at in the midst of al that, he said, kissing my cheek. I was being dramatic to prove a point. Youve lived in a few months what most people would never live in a lifetime. You are the most extraordinary woman Ive ever known and you chose me. You fel in love with me, he whispered, curling his arms over my stomach and pul ing me down in the water to him. I stil dont understand why, but I dont care just so long as you never figure out just how much you United below yourself.

Okay, Mr. Skewed-Sense-Of-Self,awed-Senst" I said, ready to launch into a rebuttal that would hopeful y be resolved with his mouth against mine, his body soon fol owing, when I noticed something"tattered, frayed, and nearing the end of its stint circling his left wrist. You know, you dont have to wear this ratty old thing any more, I said, running my fingers over the bracelet Id made him on a whim one night an entire lifetime ago, never expecting hed stil be wearing it months later as my husband. Id thought Id known better back then than to dream such far-fetching dreams, but now I knew better.

The sky wasnt the limit"the only limits were the ones we imposed upon ourselves.

I like it, he said defensively, sweeping the bracelet from my grasp and covering it with his other hand. I know I said Id take it off when you replaced it with a ring on my left hand"he flashed his fathers old band and Wil iams new one in front of me"but Ive grown very fond of this and its been through a lot with me. I wont take it off until it fal s off, he said, looking at me as I cocked a brow. If thats alright with you.

Hed misinterpreted my eyebrow elevation. It wasnt done in confrontation, but because I was touched. Of course its fine with me. And Il tel you what. When this thing fal s apart, Il make you another one, I said. One thats made of Immortal grade leather and has an eternity guarantee. I grinned, moving in for a kiss, when the phone he kept close by vibrated for the first time since wed left.

We grumbled in unison. Reality cal ing? I guessed, twisting in the water to face him.

He grimaced as he looked at the screen. Ive got to take this, he apologized to me.

No problem-o, I said, meaning it. Wed been given more peace and privacy than Id expected given the situation of Immortal chaos wed left the States in, especial y given Wil iams prominent role in the Guardian world. It had been a slice of heaven to pretend we were unhindered by duty and responsibility and Id been sure to enjoy every minute of it.

He leaned forward to kiss me before answering it. Hel o, Father, he said, his voice grave, his face lined in a way I hadnt seen for a month.

Where do you need me and when do you need me? he asked after a minute.

Charles answer must have been succinct because Wil iams head almost instantly began shaking. This is the last night of our honeymoon. I dont intend to spend it on a cargo jet headed for a jungle in the middle of nowhere. Il take the first one out tomorrow" Dont lecture me on duty, Father, I know my duty and it is first and foremost to my wife, Wil iam said, his voice elevating.

I almost had to smile. It seemed Charles was back to his old Chancel or self. Good to know some things never changed.

The Council wants me there, theyl just have to settle for it being a day later, he argued back, beginning to pace into the deeper area of the hot spring.

Wil iam was right, this was the last night of our honeymoon and, while I didnt want to spend it on a cargo jet either, I certainly didnt want to see him so upset on it. Whats going on? I asked, swimming in front of his him.

He held the phone to the side. Theres been a huge tribal war on the eastern coast of Africa. Thousands affected. The Council is sending Joseph and a few others out immediately, but given my present location on the globe, Im the closest one. Theyre sending a helicopter here for me in an hour to take me to the closest air field, he said, having to force himself to stay composed as he told me.

So wed better get ready, I said, not nearly as upset as he was. I knew this day was coming. In fact, Id looked forward to the day Id get to travel the world medical tent to medical tent with him. Sure, I might have preferred it to have begun a day or two after the conclusion to our honeymoon, but the only thing I real y preferred was being with him. Location wasnt a detail to get worked up over.

What do you mean, wed better get ready? he repeated, looking at me like I was insane. Were not going anywhere. Im not leaving until tomorrow and even when I do, theres no way Im taking you into the middle of a warzone. Ive been in too many and if you think that"after everything Ive done to protect you"Id take you into the middle of an unfamiliar jungle teeming with machetes and malice, youre out of your mind.

Okay, this was one of those times I should shut up and let him blow off his steam instead of pressing it, but it seems with a helicopter on the way in under an hour, we didnt have time. I go where you go. Simple as that, I said, looking him hard in the eye. I thought we understood that of one another by now. Would you let me go off on my own without you? I asked, already anticipating his answer.

Hel no, he said.

Exactly, I said, rising to a stand so I could look him in the eye. So, hel no are you going to Africa without me.

He ran his hand through his hair. You are being exceedingly difficult right now.

I shrugged, undeterred. Im your wife. Thats my new job.

Lets just pretend, for a moment, that Im fine with you coming with me, he said, folding his hands behind his head, picking up his pacing again.

Youre going to have me believe youre alright with our last night in Germany being interrupted?

I held a wince in; he knew my weak spots like I knew his. There was only one way (that wed been very near to realizing pre-phone cal ) I wanted to spend the last night of our honeymoon, something that would be next to impossible to carry out on a helicopter and a cargo jet. I wouldnt let just anything interrupt us, but I believe Mortal lives up for the saving is a justifiable means for honeymoon invasion, dont you? Were stil Guardians last time I checked, I said, proud of myself for taking the moral high ground over my hormones in constant overdrive.

His head began to shake.

Im going, I said, crossing my arms. His head had just started to shake again. And dont you dare shake your head at me again. This matter is settled. Tel your dad were ready.

He studied me for a few seconds, looking at me with a mixture of frustration and fondness. It was the later that his expression formed around.

You want to travel around the world, visiting the places tourists dodge away from, fighting with everything you have to keep the person on the table below you alive? Youre tel ing me you actual y want to do that? he asked, sounding like he couldnt quite believe it, but that he wanted to.

I nodded. Isnt that what Ive been saying?

He crossed the distance between us, settling his hands on either side of my face, the phone stil held in one. Why?

I inhaled, putting on my most serious face. To tel the truth ... I said, biting my lip. You look sexy as hel in a pair of scrubs.

His head fel back. My god, woman, lives are hanging in the balance and youre making jokes, he said, an utter failure at sounding stern. I think youre just what I need out there, exactly what the doctor ordered. A laugh, a smile, a breath of fresh air, he sighed, his face peaceful again. Youre sure about this?

Im positive, I clarified. I might even be able to find one of those hot nurse outfits to keep you occupied during your off hours. I winked, running my thumbs up the seam of his back.

Il need a nurse both during on and off hours, he said, fixing his hands over my shoulders. You know that may require bed pan emptying, he said, sharing a remembered thought with me.

I curled my nose. If thats what it takes to be with you at your side, Id empty bedpans round the clock. I know Im a Taker, but Im a Guardian above that and your wife above al else. My place is next to you, I said, stepping into him and resting my head over his chest. Please dont leave me behind.

A few more seconds ticked off before Wil iam sighed. I wasnt sure what hed say when he lifted the phone to his ear, whether Id be left behind waiting for his return or Id be in the thick of a balmy African jungle busting my butt at his side. Wel be ready in an hour. Make sure theres room for two. Im not going anywhere without Bryn from now on, so you better let the Council know, he said, hanging up and tossing the phone off into the snow. Cursed technology, he mumbled. I mourn the days before it made me a slave to it.

Whys that? I asked, tilting his chin back towards me.

Because I could be doing exactly what I wish I was doing right now instead of having to go pack to leave, he said, his eyes growing hungry at the very mention of what hed rather be doing.

Weve got an hour? I asked, innocently twisting my arms around his neck.

Wil iam nodded, his eyebrows tilting at my mixed signals.

I wrapped my legs around his waist, dropping my mouth to his ear. That gives us plenty of time.

He didnt let a second pass wasted, bending my back against the nearest rock, his hands cradling my head. Temptress, he whispered.

I dont think that term of endearment fits any more, I hinted, staring into his sapphire blue eyes that I stil hadnt gotten used to, but certainly wouldnt mind the journey towards getting there. Tempting successful y carried out to completion.

I dont know about that, he whispered. Im sure you can think of a few ways to apply it stil .

Good point, I breathed as his lips locked into place over mine, the rest of his body fol owing. The smal est opening in the clouds appeared as the sensation of the moment became too much for my eyes to stay open.

A star that had been ours glimmered down at me, a star that always would"in a way"be ours, but we didnt real y need it anymore. Wed found one another and now that we had, we werent going to let anything separate us. Wed found our own piece of Eden that no one could spoil for us, no matter how hard they tried. We were the rulers of our future, no one or nothing else could rob us of that.

Fate, destiny, providence ... whatever you cal it, didnt dictate our lives. They were phrases created by mankind to blame for their screw-ups.

Wil iam and I were done with it, wed seen through its lies. Things like fate and destiny didnt control our lives: we did.

If wed have let circumstance, bad luck, or the rough road we walked decide if wed be together, we wouldnt be. So wed set fire to fate, suffocated destiny, pushed providence over the precipice, and chose each other. Wed chased down our happily ever after, wed fought for it with our lives, and now that wed found it, we werent about to loosen our grips on it. We were riding the wave until the end of time, the biggest kahuna of al .

Girls would cal me codependent, guys would cal him whipped, and that was alright"they just didnt understand. Codependent was a title I was happy to wear in exchange for the love of a good man.

Wed won the game of life. We were the rulers of our universe. And wed spend the rest of our eternities settling for nothing less.

THE END

