CHAPTER ONE

REUNION

If anyone had a reason to wake up with a smile on their face, it was me, but this didn't stop me from rising with a grumble every morning of this best worst summer of my life. I might have had a man in my life girls by the dozens were waiting in line for, but forces against our control were making sure he wasn't in my life, at least physically. I rolled over in the twin-size bed-strategically selected, no doubt-checking to see if he'd magically appeared beside me while I slept and just like every one of the twenty-eight mornings before, I awoke alone.

With the discipline of a rooster, I announced morning with a groan that rumbled my pillow, scrambling after my dreams from last night before they got away from me, but my dreams were as evasive as they were sigh-worthy and I'd learned from experience that the faster I chased them, the further they got away from me. It didn't stop me from trying, though. Another grumble escaped me, this one vibrating the walls of my bedroom.

"Good morning, Bryn," a voice that was too cheery for this early in the morning emitted above the sound of coffee beans whirring in the grinder. "You're sounding your normal jolly self this morning."

And you're sounding your normal chipper self, I thought, knowing why-she had the man she loved under the same roof as her, where she could love him without fear of retribution.

"I wouldn't want to disappoint you," I grumbled under my breath, knowing she could hear me one floor below in the kitchen. A perk to the Immortal life and while there were many-living forever, possessing gifts that would scare the tights off a superhero, a sense of belonging, and a worthy cause to fight for, just to name a few-the cons of Immortality engulfed the pros. At least for me.

No one but yours truly could manage to have my soul possessed by a man more of the dream-world than this one, only to be told we couldn't ever be together. And, oh yeah, ever had a completely different meaning now when the centuries laid in waiting before me

"Come on. Get your pouty little self out of bed and enjoy a cup of our favorite Indulgence before Joseph gets up."

Second favorite Indulgence, I thought ... though I had yet to experience what I knew would be my first favorite. Yet another Immortal wonder: Indulgences. Rough translation-anything we no longer needed but still liked to enjoy. Things like food, drink (namely, coffee in my case), sleep, and physical intimacy.

"Your favorite Indulgence?" a voice-endlessly happy, even in rebuke-called from the room down the hall.

"She just doesn't want to rub it in," I assured Joseph, who I could hear rousing down the hall. "We all know what her favorite one is."

I knew. Despite "sleeping" two rooms down from them, my Immortal ears, an equal blessing and curse depending on the stimulus entering them, didn't miss a single soft word or sigh the two shared with about the same frequency as Cora had a cup of coffee. Needless to say, I went on a lot of runs at night.

"Are you decent, Bryn?" Joseph asked, knocking outside my door.

"No. Go away."

"Come on, don't make me come in there and get you again," he threatened, while I rolled over and threw the comforter over my head-only delaying the inevitable. "One ... two ..."-I heard the doorknob twisting-"Last chance, Bryn!"

"Come on, Joseph," I called out, knowing it would have no effect on him. "This is getting old-"

"Three!"

The door fired open at the same time the comforter was parachuting across the room. Joseph had me over his shoulder and down the stairs before I had a chance to make my futile protest.

"Thanks a million," I muttered, as he heaved me off his shoulder and into one of the chairs circling the kitchen table.

"To remind you ... again,"-he smiled at me, rounding over to where his wife stood manning the coffee machine-"you can blame my older brother if you don't like my morning ... encouragement. He made me promise I wouldn't let you get too ..." he paused, before pointing his arms at me. "Whatever you are right now," he said, sounding somewhat frustrated, partly annoyed, but mostly happy, of course. Joseph was the happiest person I'd known, happy in that child-on-Christmas-morning kind of way.

I lifted my legs up to my chest and circled my arms around them, looking away from the man who looked so much like the one I loved. Other than a couple years and a few inches, William and Joseph could have been twins. Dark hair, bronze skin, bodies that made you think dirty things, souls that inspired you to do pure things ... basically, so divine they were half-god.

With my demi-god gone, Joseph and Cora were a welcome distraction. They'd been gracious beyond expectation and, second only to William, the best company I'd had in my new life of Immortality. They loved easily, didn't keep pretenses, and were the only ones in the Hayward family-Patrick aside-who hoped to see William and me together one day in the official way our Council seemed hell-bent against allowing us.

Oh yeah, that was one of the other thorns twisted in my side. Immortals had their own kind of government, in the form of seven senior Immortals elected by their individual Alliances. Seemed logical enough, except the Council presiding over our Alliance wasn't being logical about William and me being together.

"You're right, I'm being a pain," I admitted, as I did every morning since I'd been sequestered to their home hundreds of acres from the one William stayed at with his father and brother, Patrick. The Council seemed to think it was too much of a temptation for us if we were under the same roof.

They were right.

"You guys are the best, I don't know what I'd do without you two," I smiled an apology between them. "Sorry I've been such a grouch to be around lately. I just can't believe how long he's been gone this time." I winced just thinking about it. "A whole month."

Cora glided across the kitchen and set a mug as tall as it was wide down in front of me, wrapping one of her china doll arms around my shoulders. "No need to apologize. We know how hard it's been," she said, encouraging me with the tone of her voice and the squeeze of her hand over my shoulder. "He's been away so long I'm getting close to going mad missing him myself."

"Hmmm," Joseph mumbled to himself while he poured a cup of coffee-it was out of place, he neverhad a cup of coffee with his girls, as he called us. He obviously had something to add to our morning talks that circled around things as trivial as the color Cora should repaint the kitchen, to my anger at the Council for keeping William away on back-to-back missions.

I knew it was his duty, we were Guardians tasked with preserving and protecting Mortal life, but no other doctor in our Alliance was gone a third as much as William had been as of late. I suppose partial blame could be placed on the Inheritors, the other half of the Immortal world. Whereas our duty was to preserve Mortal life, their duty was to preserve the planet (A.K.A. Eden), two agendas that ideally should have worked well together, but over the past hundred years, Mortals and the planet had become more enemies than allies, resulting in the same between Guardians and Inheritors. The more tenuous that relationship became, the more tenuous the Immortal world became, translating into William being gone. A lot.

"I think I have a piece of news for you two that will brighten your outlook considerably today," Joseph said, ambling over to the table as if he were enjoying a stroll along the beach.

"Are you going to share it with us anytime soon?" I wasn't looking at her, but I knew her eyebrows were sky high from the tone of voice. "Or are you going to keep pretending to be so enthralled by that 'perfectly ineffective Indulgence'?" Cora finished, mimicking his rebuff for us every morning he found us so engrossed over our steaming cups of nirvana.

He smiled into the cup of coffee, lifting his eyes to us. They were sparking out of control. "He's back."

Was it possible two words could make me want to drop to my knees at the same time I felt like levitating? I was living proof it was.

A shrill sound of elation came from Cora's mouth and her hand was now slapping my shoulder in agitated fits.

"When?" I breathed, all I could muster.

His smile grew, a moment before I heard the screen door in the front room slam shut. I was out of my chair with the speed of a bullet and flying across the kitchen.

"Just now." I heard Joseph chuckle behind me.

It felt like it took forever to pass through the hall to get into the front room. It was less than the tick of a watch's second hand, but I knew it was the last second I'd spend without him-at least until the Council decided to send him away-and that gave it a never-ending quality that was torturous.

I skidded to a stop the moment I came in view of the entryway. Was it possible? Was he really standing here in front of me now, an agonizing, but easily remedied twenty feet away? Had he somehow grown more beautiful tramping through the African desert on his mission? It seemed plausible given the way my body ached just looking at him.

"Seeing you right now makes that hellacious month away from you almost worth it," he said, and, despite the splendor of his mouth moving, his eyes held me like they always did-a bomb could have gone off in my hands and I wouldn't have noticed.

"Almost," he whispered, smiling the one he knew would undue my resolve ten days out of ten before dropping his bag and coming for me. It was a relief because I was frozen in place. A minute ago he'd been as far away as the North Pole and a minute later, he was here, closing the space between us in two final strides.

"Bryn," he whispered, resting his hands over my cheeks. My stone-like condition shattered the instant his touch entered me and the current he'd loved me with ... he'd saved me with, entered with such voltage it felt like it was jump-starting my heart.

I knew the tears were forming and would be spilling soon. There was too much emotion circling around me to contain their release. I was sweltering in it.

William's eyes traced the first one that streamed down my face. "There's no need to cry," he said, erasing the wet sphere from my jaw. "No need to be sad. I'm back."

"I'm not sad," I said, my voice all high and pitchy. "I'm happy ... it's the happiest day of my life."

He smiled and stopped another tear short with his thumb. "You say that every time I get back."

"That's because every time it's true," I whispered, as my emotions began to pull themselves together, only to be replaced by something else that spread through me like hot lava. He saw it in my eyes, recognized it, and responded.

His thumb moved from the corner of my eye to the tip of my chin. He tilted it up and his eyes burned with the kind of fire I could have stepped into. They burned all the way in his journey to my lips, until I lost my view of them when my eyelids dropped like heavy curtains when his mouth met mine. Whenever he kissed me, everything weakened, sending all my energy into my lips where they used every last bit of the stolen power.

His lips didn't move against mine at first, they just rested there in silence as if getting reacquainted, but it became too much for me. I released my anticipation with a tremble, shuddering harder when he responded by cinching his arms around me and lifting me off the floor. I wrapped my legs and arms around him, wanting everything else to be able to wrap around him as well, so I wouldn't have to be without him again.

The burst of his heart shunned the two layers of cotton separating our bodies. It rattled its beat into my body, filling my soul with an intimacy I'd never known before William and I knew I never would with anyone else.

Despite the waist my legs were wrapped around and the neck my arms clutched to, his mouth distracted me from these other embraces and it wasn't long before I was gasping in the parted spaces of our mouth-as if I'd drown from it.

"Alright, we've been patient enough." I was vaguely aware of a voice interrupting our reunion from behind, but it wasn't until I felt two sets of arms wrap around us that I took any notice of it.

He groaned with his lips still adhered to mine.

"You're only delaying the inevitable, William," Joseph warned, as Cora's and his embraces tightened. It was a good thing I didn't need to breathe anymore because it would have been impossible.

William sighed and squeezed me tighter to him for a moment before gripping his hands to my h*ps and hoisting me down from the position I would have spent the rest of my eternity in.

"I think I know why little brothers are generally classified as annoying," he said, smiling between me and Cora before embracing Joseph.

"Thanks for taking care of her," William said to Joseph. "You too, Cora." He patted his brother on the back before grabbing up Cora, who barely reached the height of William's armpit, in a hug. "She looks better than the last time I came back from an extended vacation." He used the term we used for the endless missions the Council sent him on; partly because of his unparalleled skill in the medical field as a doctor with two centuries of experience, but mostly to keep us apart I guessed.

William had been doing his dutiful part as an Immortal this past summer in hopes he'd gain favor from the Council so they might consider granting us a Betrothal. He was doing this all for me, because I'd asked him to-it was ultimately my decision that tortured us both by the thousands of miles that separated us more days than we were together. Yet another thorn in my side senactually, this was more like a stake through my heart-was an Immortal stipulation that we were not allowed to choose who we wanted to spend our lives with.

The Council did that, by granting Betrothals they deemed satisfactory by plugging an equation into their dimwitted minds and shooting an answer out their butts. It was a bunch of bull to me, but Immortals were as merciless as they were dogmatic and I knew the penalty William and I would face if we broke the rules. I didn't mind risking my neck to shun the Immortal way if it meant being with him every way possible, but I wouldn't risk his. Not again.

"She did better this time, too," Cora lied, looking at me with a knowing expression. "She got out of bed most mornings on her own"-another lie-"and even managed to kick Patrick's butt a couple of times during her training."

This was actually true. The Council had assigned my strength training to Patrick-William's younger brother, Joseph's older brother, and my biggest bother-who was as adept at martial arts as he was at running his mouth. Patrick was my age, the worst kind of good-looking because he was fully aware of it, and incorrigible in the non-charming kind of way, although there wasn't a fiber of his make-up he didn't see as charming. He'd classified himself as a lady's man first and foremost, although I had yet to see him with an actual lady who wasn't his sister-in-law. For the past few months, I'd spent a few hours every day learning how to spar, jab, block, and generally become a butt-kicking, bad-ass Immortal thanks to Patrick.

Despite my earlier view of Patrick being a carefree charmer who would rather smirk at responsibility than embrace it, he'd proven me wrong. But this was Patrick we were talking about, so he could always be counted on to add some infuriating comment or obscene gesture just when I'd let myself be impressed by him, and the past few times, I'd been angry enough to drop him, thanks to the moves he was teaching me.

William released his hold on Cora and slid back to me, eyeing me with pride. "Bryn's a woman of many talents," he said, his eyes flashing with a hidden meaning that made me blush. He drew me back to him and placed a kiss over my forehead. I felt a little self-conscious having Joseph and Cora as an audience to our intimacy, but William didn't look the slightest bit uneasy.

He lowered his mouth to my ear. "I'm whole again," he breathed. I didn't need an explanation-I couldn't have understood what he meant better.

I unhooked one of his hands from my waist and lifted it to my heart. "Me too."

He closed his eyes and left his hand where I held it against me while his expression grew peaceful and the lines of exhaustion etched in his face (he always came back with the pain of his missions carved into it) melted away and he wore the face of William that was rare. It was a worry-free one.

"Why don't we have a seat and catch up?" Joseph suggested, just in time too, because my heart was not the only thing acting erratically from the continued pressure of his hand. The only thing that kept me from wrapping myself around him again was Cora and Joseph's proximity to us. I surely would have kicked or punched them as my limbs searched for their places to attach.

William gathered up my hands and led me to the recliner stuffed in the corner of the living room. It was something straight from the seventies-olive green, threadbare along the arms, and downright ugly, but it was Joseph's favorite piece of furniture in the entire house that was brimming with modern designs and comforts.

Being the wife she was, Cora didn't relegate the recliner into a back room or office, but put it on display in the living room, much to her chagrin. She scowled at the thing every time she looked at it and William and Joseph had made it their mission to use it every chance they got just to prove its worth.

William plopped down in the chair that belonged in the bargain basement of the Salvation Army and pulled me down onto his lap. Maybe this ratty old thing wasn't so bad after all ...

Cora smiled without humor at William, while the two brothers exchanged grins full of camaraderie. I curved my head into the bend of his neck, breathing in the scent of him that was aromatic in a spicy/woodsy kind of way ... in a delicious kind of way.

Whenever he was gone, I found myself making a lot of recipes with cinnamon. When I'd added it to taco meat one night, I'd been banned from the spice cupboard and doled out whatever I needed from Cora or Joseph in rationed quantities. I also found myself lying in the center of a forest after a rain storm, when the scents of the musky woods would be at their strongest.

If being in love made a person mad, then being away from the one you loved made you a lunatic. I recognized the symptoms and knew I was walking the fine line of sanity virtually every hour he was gone.

"How was Africa?" Joseph asked, his amusement dimming.

"Long," William said, sighing. "Not much has changed from the last time I was there, either. Although this time, the pieces of human bodies I was putting back together were those of the tribe who did the massacring last time. It never ends ..." His voice sounded heavy, tired even. "For every body I'd sew back together, there'd be ten I couldn't. There's so much evil out there," he said, his body growing tense. "It never ends. It never will end."

Cora chimed in before Joseph could: they were both hopeless optimists to the end "But there's plenty of good out there that's worth protecting, don't forget that, William."

He took in a heavy breath, my chest rising with his. "You're right, although it's difficult to remember when everything good in your life is half a world away."

"I'll second that," I mumbled.

"How's the family been?" he asked, tracing patterns into my palm.

"You haven't seen anyone else yet?" Joseph asked and I wondered if he was being serious. When his smile broke, I knew he wasn't.

"For some reason I just had to get here first." William's arm tightened over me.

Cora jabbed her husband in the ribs as she took a seat beside him on the couch. "Father's been alright, kind of removed." Joseph rubbed at his ribs, feigning agony. "Well, more than usual, at least. And Nathanial and Abigail-"

Cora set her jaw and exchanged a quick look with me; this had been a regular topic of our morning conversations. The oldest Hayward brother and his wife had gone from disinterest, to dislike, to disdain for me. If I answered the telephone in Joseph and Cora's house while one of them was calling, they hung up. Maybe they didn't know Joseph and Cora had this twenty-first century invention known as caller ID.

Then again, maybe they did.

"Let's just say they've been just as 'friendly' as ever," Joseph finished, pointing his eyes at me to demonstrate who their "friendliness" was directed at.

William exhaled, popping my chest forward with a sudden burst, and I felt a flash of anger so scalding running through him it was uncomfortable.

"Any news from Newburg?" William asked, keeping his tone regulated, and I'm sure a silent, but potent exchange was taking place in his eyes to his brother. He didn't want me to worry about any retribution or payback we might suffer from John Townsend's Alliance of Inheritors.

Four months back, when William saved my life by making me Immortal, I'd wound up at Townsend Manor where he was posing as a professor in the most powerful and destructive Inheritor Alliance in the world in order to unveil how they were upending the Mortal world so the Guardians could put a stop to it. The night before I was set to escape from Townsend Manor, I ended up Betrothed to John Townsend, the most powerful Inheritor, the most corrupt Immortal, and the man most capable of making my skin crawl. Twelve hours later, he had me sentenced to death, where he and his six other Council members very nearly succeeded in sucking away every last drop of ... me.

The night of the Betrothal Ball when I'd been Betrothed to John, I knew I'd wind up dead because of him one day, but I suppose I'm to blame for expediting it by him finding me making out in bed with William, who he also discovered that same morning had been betraying him the past ten years. Talk about the perfect storm.

"No, it's been quiet," Joseph said, dropping his head. "Too quiet."

William nodded and I sensed a storm of contemplation roll through his mind.

The pensive silence was shattered by another Hayward entering the living room. The screen door slammed shut again, but this time it didn't announce my beloved, but my bane. I sighed before he opened his mouth, already well aware of what he'd be serving. Sarcasm with a side of ego.

"Hey-a, William. Welcome back!" Patrick hollered across the room, though he was less than five paces from the four sets of Immortal ears that could have heard him a mile away at that volume. "Didn't you just leave?"

Patrick smiled one that was the devil incarnate at me. I sneered back. This had been a typical transaction between Patrick and me this summer and a large reason why I'd become such an adept and capable student: the sooner I learned how to kick his butt, the sooner I could actually do it.

"Go away, Patrick," I snapped, but it was half-hearted in delivery at best. It was impossible to be irritated by anything with William's and my reunion just minutes fresh.

His smile grew and the tease in his eyes was so extreme it was spilling from them. "You don't think you're going to skip out of training today just because my brother ... whom you've mistaken for god," Patrick said, raising an eyebrow, "is home now, do you?"

"Actually I do and I've got something else to add," I said in my no-room-for-negotiation tone. "No training any day William's home."

Patrick huffed, crossing his arms. "The Council will love that. I'm sure I'll have no problem whatsoever getting that approved. This is how I'll put it before them-my student, Bryn Dawson, you know, the rebellious, chip on her shoulder newbie, requests that she not have to undergo any kind of training when my brother, William Hayward, is in town, so they can do a handful of filthy little things they're admonished from doing by a law that was laid down by the ancients of our kind. Could you just sign off on that right here?" Patrick air-clicked an imaginary pen, smirking at my scowl.

"Actually, why don't you spend the afternoon with Patrick," William said, fastening his hands over my h*ps and hoisting me up with him. "I've got a meeting with the Council this afternoon, so I'll be gone until later this evening."

My face was already in full pout mode when I turned to him. "You're leaving? You've been here a whole three and a half minutes," I whined. He'd been gone a whole month and the Council couldn't give us an hour to catch up before stealing him away for some silly meeting that was scheduled to keep us apart (or at least that's what the paranoid piece of me thought).

He ran his fingers down the side of my cheek. "I'll be back soon," he reassured me. "Once you're done showing Patrick a thing or two. I've got big plans for tonight."

My heart flat-lined before charging back to life. "What kind of big plans?"

William's eyes left me and created a triangle between the three Haywards. "If you'll excuse us, I need to talk to Bryn for a moment alone."

"Of course," Cora said, already clearing out of the living room, grabbing the sleeve of Joseph and pulling him with her.

She cleared her throat once they were in the hall. "Patrick?"

"I'm coming, bossy," he yelled at her as he approached us.

William stepped around me and crushed his arms around him. "Thank you, Patrick. Thank you for taking care of her."

Patrick slapped William's back a couple of times. "Not a problem," he said, turning to me and winking. "I think I get what you see in her."

I smiled, but had to counter it by rolling my eyes.

"I'll let you say your ..."-Patrick cleared his throat-"goodbyes." He nudged his brother and swerved towards the hall. "I'll be in the kitchen whenever you're ready, Bryn," he hollered back needlessly. If he wasn't in the Maserati or exchanging spars and sweeps with me in the training arena, he was in the kitchen. He would have slept in the kitchen if a bed would have fit in Charles'.

William wrapped his hand around mine and pulled me to the front door, holding the screen open for me to pass through.

"Have any plans this evening?" he asked, settling a piece of my hair behind my ear.

"I had so many," I replied, trying to keep a straight face. "I suppose I could cancel and reschedule if you had something else to persuade me with."

His eyes were so pale in the early morning light they glowed as he leaned his face down to mine. The pale blue all Immortals are reborn with, until a sapphire color takes its place once a couple is United ... in more than one way. "I think I have an evening planned that promises persuade-ability," he whispered, his breath fanning over my face.

I understood why he'd excused us from his family; he had a special night planned for just the two of us, something the Immortal world didn't allow since we didn't technically belong to one another in their eyes. Not that the three family members back in the kitchen cared if we spent as much time together as possible, but William and I were emphatic that we would not jeopardize them. Their faithfulness to us would not be returned with discipline from the Council if they discovered Patrick, Joseph or Cora knew about out private meetings.

Deniability-that's what William and I called it and next to our commitment to each other, it was a top priority. That's why every night William was home, he would sneak out my bedroom window before Joseph or Cora roused for the morning and that's why we planned our secret meetings with no one else around.

"I'll come back for you later tonight once I'm done with the Council," he said, dropping his mouth to mine. His lips barely grazed mine before they retreated, but it had been enough.

Not thinking, I pressed up on my tip-toes and smashed my mouth back into his, grabbing the back of his neck should he attempt to step back. I encouraged his mouth open with my lips, pressing my body against his with such force I imagined myself melting into him. The instant he responded, I pulled away. I wasn't sure who it'd been harder on.

His eyes were still closed as he smiled. "You're cruel, you know that?"

I was too preoccupied forcing my body to settle down to respond.

"How do you expect me to leave you after that?" His eyes were wide, pupils dilated. It didn't seem possible my lack of experience in every form of male intimacy could expunge such a reaction from the man before me, but I was thanking my lucky stars it did.

"Just in case you needed a little incentive to return tonight," I replied, sounding as breathless as I felt.

"I see your sensibilities haven't improved any while I was gone."

"Excuse me?" I asked, not taking my eyes from him for one blink. The precious days I had him in front of me were not going to be wasted.

"Your sensibilities regarding how there's nothing that could or would keep me from you," he said, as if this was as obvious as the world is round. "As long as you want me, I'll always come back," he vowed, reaching for me. "No matter how long they try to keep us apart."

"I'll be waiting," I said, hoping I wouldn't be waiting long.

"Bring a swimsuit." He winked before gliding down the front porch stairs.

"Why?" I asked, turning to watch him.

He stopped, turning to face me-mischief was sparking like a flare over his face. "Actually, don't. You won't need one, it will be a perfect night for skinny-dipping."

I swallowed back the heat rising up my throat imagining the two of us with nothing but a coat of water separating our bodies. "It seems tramping around Africa for a month didn't improve your sensibilities, either," I said, trying to sound calm.

"Or maybe it did," he said, his face losing the mischief and growing serious. "Maybe I'm the one seeing everything clear, Bryn."

I knew what he meant. He was referring to the impossible situation we were in. The crossroads before us, at which neither of us would yield and go down the other's chosen path, so instead we stood at a standstill and waited. I wanted the Council's blessing, never willing to put him in danger again and he wanted to run away and be with me-nothing more, nothing less.

The truth of the whole thing-the most agonizing bit to it-was this is exactly what I wanted, too. I didn't care about some stupid Betrothal Ball or an over-the-top Unity ceremony. I would have been blessed beyond one person's measure just having him, but I knew if we defied the Council, I could never be assured that William wouldn't be forced to pay for our indignations to the Immortal way. It was a classic Bryn situation, also known as a lose-lose situation. My Mortal vex had followed me into Immortality.

"Hurry back," I said, unable to respond. I knew he was thinking clearly, but I wouldn't let his life be threatened. Ever.

His eyes embraced me one last time before he loped across Joseph and Cora's front lawn, leapt over the fence without breaking stride, and was lost in a blur of colors. My eyes lingered over the spot he'd disappeared, hoping I could conjure him back if I stared long enough. I came to the conclusion conjuring wasn't my thing by the time fifteen minutes had passed. I sighed and turned to head back into the house. The sooner I was done with Patrick, the sooner I could skinny-dip with William.

CHAPTER TWO

CHOSEN

A sweet voice broke my daydream that had involved water, William, and me sans clothing, bringing me back to the kitchen table and three pairs of eyes pointed at me.

"Done in," I replied while Cora reached for my dinner plate that sat cold and untouched.

"Did you lose your appetite or something?" Joseph asked, sounding concerned, and rightfully so. Since moving into their house, I'd led the food-scarfing campaign that had become known as "Leave no morsel behind." It seemed a sacrilege given Cora's aptitude for putting together meals that Julia Child would have tipped her wine glass at.

Patrick chuckled. "I'd say her appetite has merely swung from food to something else."

I didn't bother to dignify his comment with a response, although he was dead on. I'd waited long enough. I'd done my part and spent the afternoon training (mostly sulking) with Patrick and I'd made it through dinner. Surely William would be back from his meeting with the Council and waiting for me somewhere out in the endless acres of the Hayward estate.

"I'm going up to my room for the night," I said, rising from my chair. I wasn't able to meet any of their eyes. "I'll see you all in the morning."

"Sweet dreams," Patrick's voice gushed with implications.

I continued my journey down the hall and up the stairs, careful to keep my rhythm slow and steady. My feet were desperate to tear at the ground beneath them until I hit Mach 3, but I couldn't yet.

I shoved open the door to my room, my eyes falling on a piece of paper folded in the shape of a crane. My heart sputtered when I visualized him walking into my room and placing the note on my bed while I was chained to a table of responsibility one floor below. I sprung onto the bed, grabbing up the crane. Unfolding it, I found a map leading to a location I was unfamiliar with, but the directions were clear enough. I'd tear the entire forest up trying to find this place if need be.

My swimsuit was strategically in place beneath the training attire I'd left on for a couple of reasons. One, because I'd be taking them off soon anyways, and two, because they were pretty hot. I couldn't help but feel a mix of Lara Croft and the Karate Kid whenever I slipped into them.

I leapt out the open window and, with one more leap, I sprung from the cedar shingle roof to the still warm earth beneath. I sprung through the yard, hurdling over the fence and Joseph's green tractor still fresh with the smell of cut hay.

Having committed the map to memory, I sped through the fields, creating a rumbling whistle as the wheat rushed over my body. I was getting close and I knew this not because of the map etched in my mind, but because I could feel him. That feeling that was as indescribable as it was intimate. Something that wasn't Mortal or Immortal, something that came from the soul that tied mine to his and his to mine.

My legs, giving action to my elation, leapt over a house-sized rock and then I was in view of tonight's rendezvous location. The moon was dim, but the body of water before me was so still it glowed iridescent white. I scanned the circumference of the lake, but found no sign of him. He had to be close, I reassured myself. There was no mistaking that feeling only he could exude.

Sliding out of my sandals, I dipped my toes into the resting water and watched the silver rings spread from my foot into the heart of the lake.

"Fancy meeting you here."

I startled, not anticipating his voice to come from the water. He rose from it with the kind of magnificence that would have made pagans believers. It didn't seem right that this man was meant for me. Fate must have been taking the day off when our names were paired.

"No skinny-dipping?" I said eyeing his dripping wet boardshorts longer than necessary.

"I'm game," he said, his gaze playing with mine. "You first, though."

"Me first, huh?" I asked, channeling innocence as I thumbed at the belt circling the zippered leather vest.

He nodded, his eyes full of mischief.

"Gladly," I said, unknotting the cloth belt and letting it fall to the ground.

The mischief in his eyes was replaced by surprise, gaping as my hands moved to my zipper.

I slid the vest's zipper down, letting each note hang like an answered prayer, before I saw him gulp. I couldn't tease him any longer. I rushed the zipper down, revealing the swimsuit beneath.

"Better luck next time," I said, relishing the torture in his face. It was the look I normally wore.

He shook his head. "Temptress," he accused, not hiding his approval as his eyes wandered over me.

"I could say the same." I raised my eyebrows in a knowing fashion. "Tempter. How about that?"

"Unless you're intent on teasing me any longer, or are planning on tossing aside any more clothing-which, for the record, I would have no problem with." He winked, opening his arms wide. "Anytime you're ready."

Not wasting time answering, I let my pants fall to the sand and jumped at him. "Silly me," I whispered, wrapping my legs around his waist. "Wasting precious time when there's serious time to make up for and who knows when they'll send you away again."

He drew me closer to him and waded deeper into the water. "I don't think you'll have to be worried about me leaving anytime soon," he assured, as the water continued to creep up our bodies. "I spoke with the Council today-"

"I remember," I interrupted. "I remember you having to leave two minutes after I finally got to see you after a month. That was a low blow ... even for your Council."

He raised his eyebrows.

"Our Council," I corrected, although I felt like the unwanted, jaded step-child entering a family like the Cleavers.

"I was actually the one who requested the meeting."

"You requested it?" I asked, leaning back. "Was your matter really so important it couldn't wait a few hours? Maybe even one?"

I could tell he was trying to hide his smile from the way the skin around the outside of his eyes was creasing. "There's nothing more important to me than being with you and since you're the pious one"-his smile broke through now-"and won't allow that until we're granted a Union, the matter today was urgently important."

I swallowed. "You spoke with the Council about us?"

"I did," he said, ceasing his march into the center of the lake. His legs spun like motors below me, rocking our bodies together in a way that made me both grateful and ungrateful for the clothing we'd left on. Mostly ungrateful, though.

"Did this meeting go any better than the last three?" It took a noteworthy amount of willpower to summon a coherent sentence together with our bodies moving together this way.

"I think I just might be wearing them out," he said with a grin.

"WHAT?" I shouted, grabbing his face with both hands. "They agreed to a Union?"

"I wish," he answered. "I may be persistent, but they're cranky, old men stuck to their ways." His attempts to lighten whatever the Council was doing to mess with us never invoked the response he hoped it would. I felt my lips pull into a tighter line.

"What did they say then?"

"They said they would take some time to consider my request and would let me know their decision." He shrugged, looking off into the distance. "I know it doesn't sound like much, and it's a long shot from where we want to be, but it's at least a start."

I'd hurt his feelings. As good as he could be at hiding his emotions, he couldn't hide that. Here he was repeatedly petitioning and being rejected by the Council who held him in such high esteem and I was acting unappreciative. "Of course it's a start." I tilted his face back towards me. "It's a great start. Any progress with the Council is a victory." I decided to stop letting my vocal chords demonstrate my gratitude and let my lips pick up right where my words left off.

"Thank you," I whispered after pulling my lips from his.

"No, no. Thank you," he said, running his fingers up my back. "However, I think I deserve a bit more thankfulness,"-I eyed him and he eyed me right back-"all things considered."

"I'm not so sure about that," I teased. "But let's find something to do to fill the time while I consider." I wasn't sure if I initiated it or he did, but either way, neither one of us would be ending it anytime soon. His fingers knotted into my hair, crushing my mouth harder into his, and his body pulsed heat in such a way it made the fear of what could happen to us if we let one thing lead to another fade to near invisibility.

"Good evening."

My lips turned to ice over William's when I recognized the voice behind us and its anything but ambivalent tone.

William's shoulders stiffened. "Father, what can we do for you this evening?"

Barely a whisper, I asked, "How did he find us?"

"He hasn't told you?" Charles answered my all-but-silent question before William could. "My gift happens to be the ability to locate any Immortal anywhere in the world. A gift that comes in handy when you're searching for a delinquent son."

Mortified Charles had found the two of us so engaged, I attempted to remove myself from William's vice-like hold. It only tightened the more I tried, so I succumbed, but I wasn't able to look Charles in the face.

Now, Charles was no fool and I'm sure he knew more than William or I would have liked about our secret meetings and forbidden embraces, but this was the first time he'd ever caught us with our lips locked and I wasn't sure how he'd respond.

"The Council came to a decision tonight regarding the request you made this morning," Charles broke the fragile silence. "A final decision."

"And what was your decision, Father?" William asked, trying to keep his voice level.

I chanced a glimpse at Charles. His face was tilted down, looking almost sad, but when he looked up at us, there was no emotion written on his face. "Your request is denied."

The words fell like a window, shattering through me. My fingers curled deeper into William's flesh, as if fearing Charles would rip him away from me.

A spasm ran up William's back, branching into his chest and arms until his whole body was quaking. His jaw was locked and I was speechless, so neither of us responded. But really, what could we say? We'd just been told-for a grand total of four times-that our request for a Unity was denied. There was no negotiating around it; the Council's decision was law. Our silence lengthened.

"An emergency has come up down south and you're needed there immediately," Charles directed at William, somehow spiraling my nightmare a level deeper. "You leave first thing in the morning."

I hadn't noticed the leather book in his hands until he rested it on the blanket William had laid out for us. Although I'm certain William hadn't had reading on his mind when he'd spread it out. "I thought you might want to take this along for some light reading since you could be gone for quite a while this time. I've bookmarked a couple areas you might find compelling," he said, turning to leave.

All signs of lightheartedness had drained from the man clutching me to him, still quivering in anger. It never ceased to amaze me how life could change in an instant; how one moment could be euphoric and the next could be devastating.

This wasn't a time to delve into life's philosophies, though. The trembling diminishing, his body went rigid and for the first time, his body felt cold against mine. Unable to think of anything other than easing whatever torment ailed him now, I attempted to lighten the mood. "You were saying what about cranky, old men stuck in their ways?"

His face remained unchanged, confirming my attempts to lighten anything failed miserably.

"Okay, say something-please," I begged. "Because I'm not used to being the calm one and I don't have a clue what I'm supposed to do or say next." I slid the wet tuft of hair over his forehead to the side.

"Do I sound as miserably unconvincing when I try to cheer you up?" He looked at me and I could tell from experience he was doing his best to hide what he was really feeling.

"You're much better actually," I assured. "But you've got a bit more experience."

"Just a bit," he said, drawing me into an embrace that felt more desperate than passionate ... more fleeting than welcoming, like he was saying goodbye-the forever kind. "You know how much I love you."

It wasn't a question, but I felt the need to respond. "Of course I do." How could I ever doubt his love for me with the history of life threatening circumstances we'd encountered? How could I doubt his faithfulness to me when he'd spent a couple centuries searching for me? Did it make sense for him to love me? No. Did I deserve his love? Most definitely not. But did I doubt his love for me, misplaced as it may have been? Never once.

"Good," he said, releasing me from his arms. "Let's get out of here. I think it's fair to say tonight didn't exactly go as planned."

"Really?" I didn't hide my sarcasm as he led me out of the water. My thumbed hooked under the leather bracelet I'd made him. "You know, you don't have to wear this thing until the leather disintegrates."

He glanced at his wrist, smiling. "How about this? I'll take it off when you replace it with a band on the ring finger of my left hand."

"Let's hope that bracelet's as eternal as we are," I said dryly. "Because that's how long it will be before I'm allowed to put a ring on your finger."

"We'll see about that," he said under his breath and whenever his expression was lined as it was now, I'd learned he was talking more to himself than anyone else.

"I'd say a change of venue is in order?" He retrieved his shirt from the tree bough it was hanging from and slid it on. Seemed like a waste since I'd be taking it off in a few minutes anyways, but maybe that's where all the fun was; the taking off.

But as a flash of William's bare upper body came to mind, I knew the taking off had nothing on the exploration that followed. Not that the exploration got much past his top half, much to his very apparent disappointment and to my secret disappointment. Not in a million years would I risk William's life again and whenever we'd neared the point of no return (as I'd sadistically referred to it), it was either time for sleep, separation-or when things got really heated-a cold shower. I had a feeling tonight would require a three tiered approach.

"How does my room sound for a change of venue, Mr. Hayward?" I hoisted my pants into place and cinched the belt tight around my vest, looking longingly at the blanket that, inanimate as it was, was beckoning to me. "What is this?" I asked, the book catching my eye. I plopped down and began thumbing through the book with its brittle pages and musty smell. Shuffling through the ancient pages I understood why the phrase older than dirt was created. I skipped to the page Charles had marked with a scarlet ribbon. Before my eyes could latch onto the first word, William's hands pried it away. "Let's not ruin the night."

I reached for the book, but he shoved it behind his back. "I'd say your father showing up in the middle of us rounding second base to announce you'd be leaving tomorrow until the end of time already ruined the night."

He leaned forward, his eyes hungry. "Let's see if you're still calling tonight ruined by sunrise."

I imagined a brigade of fire extinguishers attacking the flames burning inside me. It didn't help. "Nice try with the whole diverting my attention with your seduction," I said, careful not to look him in the eyes. "But you've only managed to heighten my interest in whatever is written on the pages of that thing."

"Nothing of any importance," he countered, outmaneuvering me again, but somehow managing to position me into his lap. Such an opportunist. "Now can we please forget about the wretched book and pick up where we left off?" His eyes were floating in their anticipation, but it was his voice that gave him away.

"That's it, isn't it?" I asked, my eyes bulging. "Whatever's in there is why everyone thinks you're the chosen one."

He sighed and this time when I reached my arm around him for the book, he released it like he'd resigned himself to whatever detour this night was taking. "What is this thing?" I asked, turning it over, searching for a title or a copyright or an author name ... or something that would give it a place in history. "Is this some sort of Immortal Bible?"

One corner of his mouth pulled up. "It's more of a guidebook."

"Isn't that what a Bible is?"

He shrugged, fluttering his hand dismissively. "Tomayto, tomahtoe."

"So is your name in here or something?" I asked, shuffling through the pages, charging towards my scarlet ribbon target.

"No." His voice was guarded, as was his face. He was editing ... again.

"So why do they think it's you?" I tilted his chin towards me, knowing it was impossible for him to divulge anything but the truth when his face was trained on mine.

"Exactly," he said, turning his palms up like I'd said something prophetic. "For no other reason than a vague description thousands of years old."

At my destination, I moved the scarlet ribbon aside, my eyes falling on a paragraph underlined in black ink. I felt William suck in a breath as my eyes scurried over the first line

Balance is the fragile state of being we seek to keep,

Balance is the equilibrium we will one day lose,

Balance is what the chosen one must restore.

Mortality will be lost at a young age, by violent means,

A trio of brothers will make the journey to Immortality with him, aiding him in his quest.

A leader at heart, men will flock to him both in life and after

A solider, a healer, an intellectual, but above all, reluctant to

fulfill all that is required of his calling.

An arsenal of gifts will be at his disposal,

Foretelling to know death, to have an incentive to overcome it.

Strength, speed, and courage to combat his enemies,

Compassion to deal out mercy.

And when his need is greatest, when circumstance presents him with

the unthinkable, a gift will emerge to remind him what he is fighting for.

The gift to give life Immortal will manifest, to save his great love.

A love he will save only to fight to be with for an eternity, a fight he will lose.

This lost love will serve as fuel to his fight, vanquishing his enemies

in one final stand.

Balance, the least peaceful, most costly state of being,

Balance, the state returned to through blood,

Balance, what the chosen one will come to hate.

"Okay, so basically your name is spelled out here," I said, so heavy with shock I knew I wasn't able to comprehend the gravity of what I'd just read and the role William was expected to play in this Immortal world.

"Now you sound like the Council," he said, the tenor of sadness in his voice.

I dropped the book, reaching for his hand. "Wow. This is heavy," I mumbled, looking for some way to brighten the darkness shadowing his face. "But since you can do anything, I'm sure you'll have no problem with this whole chosen one thing."

He looked at the sky, concentrating on a spot I'd become familiar with. "Thanks for the vote of confidence," he said, his shoulders sagging as if the balance of the world was resting on them. "Since I have none myself."

I hated seeing him like this, overwhelmed with the responsibility placed on his shoulders by everyone but himself. In most circumstances, I would have dropped the subject and moved on to something that included more laughter and a lot more lip-to-lip contact, but this wasn't most circumstances. "I know I'm going to sound like a naive schoolgirl in the worst kind of way here, so fair warning, but other than knowing there is a chosen one and everyone seems to think it's you ... just what exactly is it?"

A smile cracked, but it was lop-sided. "Not much really, besides the balance of the universe being dependent on this poor soul's shoulders," he said, darker than the night slinking around us.

I shouldered into him, hinting his arm should wind around me. He had a one-hundred percent accuracy rate when it came to reading my physical cues. "Is that all?"

He tucked my head beneath his chin, pulling me tighter to him. "You already know about the importance Immortals place on balance, avoiding the tipping point at all costs. Inheritors and Guardians believe and fight for different things, but at the core of it all, we believe in a cohesiveness ... that is as unstable as it is tenuous. Inheritors appreciate the necessity of Guardians, as we do them. Either one gets too powerful and chaos in the world is the result."

My mind leapt to a certain faction of Immortals that seemed concerned with everything but balance, but William was already there. "That was the way it was up until a few decades ago when a group of Inheritors decided it was their duty to tip the balance in their favor," he paused, putting his words together with less care, looking overwhelmed by the weight of it all.

"Isn't that what the High Council's in place for?" I asked. "To make sure one Alliance or Alliances don't get out-of-hand?"

He nodded. "Again, that's the way it was until John managed to infiltrate and buy out the majority of the members on the High Council. They're no more than a formality now, corrupt men ruling for the highest bidder. There's no Alliance large enough to challenge John and he's pulling more Inheritor Alliances into his, making it only more difficult to surmount a coup." He picked at the corner of the quilt, trying so hard to keep his expression flat, but his eyes gave him away every time.

"The repercussions of them going unchallenged have been disastrous: economic disaster in the United States, political unrest in the Middle East, genocide in Africa, organized crime in South America, environmental disasters and human trafficking in Asia ..." his head fell, swinging lower than I'd ever seen it "that doesn't even begin to take into account the microscope level things they're transplanting in communities around the world: hate, racism, murder, gangs, rape, drugs ... in other words, the execution of morals as we know them."

"None of that is your fault," I said, shifting. "It is them and them only. You can't wear the guilt of all they've done like a second skin."

His face creased, looking more like a grimace that took its time to blossom. "Actually, if you subscribe to me being the chosen one, it is my fault. Ever since John and his Inheritors started tipping the balance towards mayhem, the Council's been practically begging me to fulfill my supposed higher calling."

"Which is what?" I asked, looking for specifics. "Other than saving the world?"

"I don't know," he whispered. "I've been too scared to ask for the details." The form of the man before me was one I wasn't familiar with. Slumped, curling into himself, shame painting his face, it was a first I'd seen him so and I was determined it would be the last.

"So enough with the heavy," I said, nudging him. "What say you to that change of venue?" The revelations spilt out over the blanket had me wanting to fold it up and tuck it away for eternity.

"That sounds perfect," he said, his back straightening. "Mrs. Hayward-soon-to-be."

I exhaled. "Maybe you weren't paying attention to the newsflash your father just so merrily delivered, but I don't think there's a chance in you-know-what that I'm going to become a Hayward in the next few hundred millennia."

He rolled his eyes as if I were talking about something as silly and inconsequential as my fondness for lederhosen. "We'll talk about that later, but first"-his eyebrows danced-"let's race."

I chuckled and shook my head. Darn he was good at lightening the mood, a hundred times better than me. "Okay, but this time wait until I finish counting to three-" I wasn't sure if he heard the last part because I'd already taken off and was firing ahead with all engines burning. I wasn't above cheating, at least the kind that gave me an edge over him in a foot race. The house was in sight when a stream of bluish-white light rushed past me, like a comet falling in the night sky.

He had the gate swung open and was leaning against the fence with a smirk on his face when I screeched to a stop in front of Joseph and Cora's. Looking ever so innocent, and quite pleased with himself, he motioned me through the gate. "You were saying, my love?"

I skirted past him. "You're impossible," I whispered.

"Impossibly fast you mean," he whispered behind me.

Although it couldn't have been later than ten or eleven, all the lights inside were off and I'm sure Joseph and Cora had retired early to grant William and me a semblance of privacy.

He turned to me, about to pick me up as we journeyed up to the second floor roof, but this was likely the only time I'd ever refuse his offer. I winked and leapt onto the roof like I'd been doing it was second nature. He was beside me the next second. "You've been spending way too much time with Patrick," he said, easing open my bedroom window without making a sound. "After you."

I grabbed the top of the window sill and swung in, feeling a little immature in my attempts to be a show-off, but I'd learned a lot this past month in strength training and I was eager to show the man who seemed capable of anything and everything what I was capable of.

Not playing coy about it, I headed straight for the bed, but his arms wound around me before I made it to my destination. "You know, I really love the sound of Mrs. Bryn Hayward," he said, his mouth against my ear. "Dawson is quite lovely too, but Bryn Hayward just has a certain something about it."

I twisted in his arms and looked him hard in the eye. "Did you really not hear what your dad said tonight?" I asked, not regulating my voice. "Or are you just choosing to ignore it?"

"I heard everything he said tonight, Bryn, and I'm not choosing to ignore it either," he said, running his hands up my back until they reached the end of my ponytail. "I've taken their decision into consideration and have made my own decision."

"What decision is that?" I asked, already knowing.

"We did it your way, Bryn. I petitioned the Council every chance I got and their answer has been no every time." He tugged at my ponytail gently, lowering his voice. "This time a very final no, as we were both informed of. So now it's time to make our decision as to how much longer we're going to let the Council be the puppeteers of our lives."

I looked down and felt myself fumbling for words. "Yeah, but this time they said-"

"They said no," he answered.

"But they might say yes the next time," I fired back, not ready for this battle because I knew he was right. We'd never be granted a Betrothal and I'd promised him I would give up and leave with him if the conventional means failed. The thing was, I hadn't anticipated the conventional means to fail us so quickly.

"They said no, my love," he whispered, his eyes filled with apologies. "I've made my choice and you know what that is. Now you must make yours."

My throat tightened to the point my rebuttal couldn't make its way to the surface. I would have far preferred the tongue-tie effect brought on by a different activity.

"When I meet with the Council in the morning for my mission orders, I will speak with them one last time regarding us, but I'd like your promise that if they deny us once more ... you can let me know what your choice is."

Words were still impossible, so I just nodded my head when I wanted to be shaking it. I wasn't ready for this crossroads, but either way, I had to be prepared to tell William tomorrow if I was ready to run away with him for the rest of our eternities.

"Then let's not speak another word tonight," he whispered, winking at me while pulling me down onto the bed on the first and last night of our reunion.

CHAPTER THREE

WEAK SPOT

I felt warmth and a male presence, but neither was being emitted from the one who should have been beside me at this unholy hour in my bed while I was a quarter of a yard of lycra away from being nak*d.

"So how is it?"

"How's what?" I grumbled, blinking my eyes open.

"Waking up to the sight of the man you're secretly in love with."

I tossed a pillow at his face. "Anyone ever mention you're a bit full of yourself, Patrick?" I asked, adjusting the mess of hair off my face. "Don't you ever knock?"

"Not when my student is fifteen minutes late for her morning training," he said, eyeing my training attire that had ended up in a pile in the corner. The swimsuit, to my dismay, had stayed on.

"And I thought I told you yesterday there would be no training when William was home," I said in my no-nonsense tone, although all it did was invoke an eye-roll from him.

"In case love has blinded you,"-he scanned the room with exaggeration-"William is currently not home, but is in front of the Council as we speak making yet another plea to be granted permission to marry the girl of his dreams, while I'm stuck here trying to train her." He retrieved my clothes from the floor and chucked them at me. "Both rather impossible endeavors if you ask me."

I pulled at the pants that had landed on my head and tossed them aside. Despite the smile he'd said it with, Patrick's comment struck a nerve. "It is impossible, isn't it?" I whispered, verbalizing what I'd known all along. "There really isn't a hope in the world we'll ever be allowed to be together." I covered my eyes before he could see the tears forming.

With a rush of air, he was beside me, tugging my hands from my face. "I'm an idiot, the insufferable, malignant kind. I'm sorry." He lowered his head to look into my eyes. "There's always hope as long as you keep fighting. Never forget that, Bryn."

The distant clap of thunder rumbled through the room, foretelling of a summer storm approaching. "When it comes to a fight, there isn't anyone I'd rather have in my corner than William." Patrick's voice boomed above the echo of thunder. "He'll never give up. Don't you give up."

I paused before responding, not able to stop the barrage of my deepest fears coming to mind. "What if one day he wakes up and decides he's tired of fighting and that I'm not really worth it in the end? Maybe he'd rather live in peace with another woman than with me in a constant state of chaos."

Patrick leaned away from me. "I really can't believe you're saying that. It makes me sick to my stomach." He burst up from the bed and walked to the opposite side of the room, as if putting as much distance between me as possible. "How could you even let that enter your comprehension when my brother was on some fool's mission for two hundred years looking for some woman from his dreams? How can you sit here and doubt, even in the slightest, his devotion to you?"

"I don't doubt him,"-he raised his eyebrows, so I continued-"but sometimes it's hard to understand why he fights so hard," I explained, lowering my eyes. "For someone like me."

"For someone like you," he repeated, before chuckling. "I think you're the one with delusions if you can't understand why my brother would go to the ends of the world for you or why you've caught the eye of more than one love-struck lad in our Alliance."

I sighed, glad that Patrick's outburst had been extinguished as quickly as it'd burst to life. "Enlighten me."

He shrugged, wandering back to the side of the bed. "You're special."

"I'm special?" I repeated, not buying it.

"More than you know." A hint of pink spotted his cheeks. "Just don't forget-as long as you both keep fighting, there's hope."

I nudged him. "You're a lot smarter than you look."

His hand curled around an imaginary dagger, pulling it from his heart with as much theatricality as a Shakespearean actor. "If I didn't know you were head-over-heels mad for my brother, I'd think all the teasing and cold shoulder turning I get from you stems from a secret crush you have on me."

I could have choked, but decided to play the overdramatic role with him. "That's it! You've uncovered the truth at last. Why would I want William when I can have you?" I made it a point of looking him up and down, trying to look unimpressed, but everything about Patrick's finely tuned exterior made my work of looking disgusted a failed attempt. "Nice work, Sherlock."

His smile didn't falter, but something in his eyes did. "See. That's just it. You're an open book. You don't hide your feelings, which is admirable, but it's obvious to everyone what your weak spot is. And when people know your weak spot, especially your enemies, they can use it against you."

I didn't need to ask him what weak spot he was referring to. I only had one and it hung like a target with flashing strobes over my heart. "Sorry, that was mean. You're going to make someone very happy one day," I offered, not able to comment on the topic he'd slapped in my face. "It's just there's never been anyone but William. I've never looked at you, or anyone for that matter, in that way."

He waved my apology away. "Let's just say, for argument's sake, that I was the last male on earth and you were the last female-"

"Not a chance," I interrupted, trying not to cringe from the image of Patrick and me wrapped around each other in whatever post-apocalyptic world he'd drummed up in his twisted imagination.

"If your life depended on it?" he pressed.

"Not even close." I did an internal humming in an attempt to drown out the images flying through it.

"My life depended on it?" His face hung in the balance, waiting to form around my answer.

"Sorry, Charlie. Besides you've lived a long, full life."

His eyes narrowed for an instant, before they widened to their capacity. "His life depended on it?"

He had me and he knew it. I glared my response.

"You've got a weak spot the size of Rhode Island," he said, grinning from his victory.

"Since you're the expert on the matter, what's yours?"

He paused, caught off guard, but Patrick could recover himself with such skill it was an art-form. "If I told you, you could use it against me."

"Does anyone know?"

He shook his head.

"Not even William?" I found this hard to believe. These two shared everything ... except girlfriends and underwear. Hopefully.

"Especially not William," he emphasized, looking like he was shuddering from the thought of it.

"But-"

"You've got five minutes," he said suddenly, interrupting my oncoming assault of pulling it out of him. "Get dressed and I'll see you out there."

"Fifteen minutes," I bargained, throwing the covers off.

"Ten," he said. "And that's my final offer."

"I'll take it," I said as he stepped out the door.

I grabbed my linen training pants to slide them on, but given my mind was focused on everything but the task at hand, my foot caught the inseam and tore a six inch hole through the left leg. Lovely. I could already tell this day of training was not going to bode well for me.

CHAPTER FOUR

REVENGE

"You need to focus," Patrick commanded, extending his hand to me.

"Would if I could," I snapped, letting him pull me up. "Do you think I'm enjoying getting my pride handed to me on a silver platter?"

"That's the third tree you've shattered in the past hour when my kicks have gone un-deflected." He brushed away the dirt on my shoulders, looking me up and down for damage. "William's gonna kick my butt when he finds out about the beating you took today."

"It's not your fault," I said, rolling the top of the Blue Spruce over to the pile where the remains of the other two rested. "Although I might blame you if your dad discovers the mess I've made in his training arena." I lifted the shredded log and heaved it onto the pile.

I referred to the circular clearing on the far north corner of the Hayward's land as a training arena, although I used the term "arena" loosely. Apart from the two Immortals that exchanged spars and kicks that reverberated off the surrounding mountains, the arena was nothing more than compacted soil surrounded by a circle of trees as packed-in as spectators at a boxing match at the MGM.

"Come on, Bryn. Enough trying to lighten whatever's going on." Patrick had snuck up from behind and spun me around. "I've never seen you miss a kick-let alone three in a row. What's going on up there?" he asked, tapping my head.

"Nothing." I bit my lip, stalling. "Everything. Take your pick."

"I can't be as easily appeased as my brother who becomes bewitched by your every word. Explain, please."

I shook my head. "Sometimes this whole thing I'm putting myself through seems like a waste. The training, studying, making like a good little Immortal-what's it all for when the Council will never grant William and me a Betrothal?"

"You're missing the whole point," Patrick said. My forehead creased, wondering what the "whole point" was. "You're not doing all of this for them, you're doing this for him."

"I have no idea what you mean. Like usual," I added. "Explain."

"Let's put you following the ancient tradition of our Alliance's training program aside,"-he eyed me as if this should have been obvious, glaringly obvious-"let's reverse you and William's roles several months ago and what if you were the only person standing between him and John Townsend?" He tapped my temple. "See any real-life benefit to all this training now?"

I exhaled, knowing he was right, and there were few things I hated more than Patrick being right. I'd been so focused on every other reason I was being forced to go through the training, I'd missed the critical reason I needed to learn it: to protect him. Hadn't this been the vow I'd made to myself that night after waking from a coma-like-state that had nearly taken both our lives? The very same night I'd discovered the gift that festered inside of me could take an Immortal life?

"Again," I said, circling back to the center of the arena. "Let's run through the drill again."

He raised his eyebrows. "Haven't I inflicted enough damage on you for one day?" The tone of challenge in his voice was obvious.

"Again!" I yelled over at him, more angry with myself than my teacher.

He hopped up from the felled tree and jogged over to me. "Suit yourself." He smiled and cracked his neck as I took my readied position in front of him.

He crouched, readying himself. I side-stepped to the right, anticipating his high kick from the left that had knocked me senseless several times already.

He broke his position and straightened, his gaze shifting to the right of my shoulder. "What's up, William?" he shouted, waving his hand.

He couldn't have ever loved a woman if he expected I would be fooled so easily. I could feel William's energy a good mile away and there's no way I'd still be feinting around Patrick now if he were anywhere near.

Patrick's kick came half a second later, silent as the wind and fast as a bullet, but my tuck and roll was faster still. I landed behind him and before the dust erupted, I was on my feet. He spun around just in time for his chest to connect with my right heel. I relished his look of shock all the way to his collision with the big pine at the far end of the arena.

My laugh was as loud as the crashing timber. "How's that for taking the teacher to school?"

"Ouch." Patrick chuckled as I made my way over to him. "If you tell anyone, I'll key your Camaro."

"Sore loser," I said, extending my hand for him. He took it and I pulled him up from the splinters of pine scattered around him. I pulled a large chunk from his tangled hair. "I'm afraid I made a mess of your lovely locks."

I felt it a moment after his expression turned to stone. We were no longer alone, the energy surrounding us we both felt was not familiar ... nor friendly.

"What an opportune situation you've provided us with," a voice called out from the shadow of the trees. It sent chills cascading down my back.

"Consider it an early Christmas present," Patrick called out. He placed his hand over my back and its firmness calmed my chills. "Although it would sure be nice to know who we've so pleased."

The sound of multiple footfalls came from all around us, like a battalion bearing down on an enemy target. Patrick's hand pushed me towards the center of the ring as a circle of bodies erupted from the trees. All Immortal, obvious from the shades of blue staring at us and the way the decades of existence tainted their expressions.

I scanned the dozen surrounding us, my stomach dropping when I recognized two of the faces. The two faces that had held William's arms behind his back when my name had been called out in death. Two beings whose names I didn't know, but their faces had plagued my dream and awake state for the past three months. Faces I prayed I'd never see again, but somehow knew I would.

I cleared my throat, trying to force my vocal chords open. "They're from-"

"John Townsend's Alliance," Patrick finished, glaring around the ring of men that were easily double, if not triple, my size. "I thought I smelt your foul scent, Andre." He nodded at a man standing several steps farther in than the rest. "These your newest set of goons created to do John's dirty work?"

Andre sniffed the air. "Patrick, Patrick, Patrick. I knew I smelt a rat, although I thought it would be the other Hayward rat." He wrinkled his nose and sniffed the air. His eyes fell on me and he eyed Patrick's hand resting on my back. "I guess Miss Dawson found she preferred another Hayward. But you'll do for now. We can take care of William later."

I shook Patrick's hand off, charging forward in Andre's direction. Patrick's elbow stopped my advance.

"She finally came around, I guess," he said, brushing his shirt. "Why settle for my bore of a brother when she can have all this?"

"If there was anytime in your life to be serious, now would be the time," I sneered through gritted teeth.

"Especially when that life is so near its end," Andre flashed us a smile and snapped his fingers. The brigade surrounding us took a unified step forward.

Patrick snorted through his nose. "You mean you aren't here to shine my shoes?"

Andre unbuttoned his suit jacket, loosening his tie. The eleven others followed suit. "We're here to complete a mission,"-he eyed me as if in explanation-"and to send a message," he finished, looking Patrick over head to toe.

"John wants the girl alive," he hollered as I sucked in a breath, favoring death to whatever I'd endure at the mercy of John. "Kill the rat."

"Remember your training, Bryn," Patrick ordered, the lightness no longer in his voice. "I've got your back, you've got mine."

"I won't let you down," I vowed and although there were twelve men-likely well-trained and merciless-to our two, these men wouldn't succeed in at least one of their missions today. There's no way I would let them take Patrick's life. I would die in my defense of him as readily as I would his brother.

Andre took a step forward and the rest followed, closing the gap between us to twenty paces. Patrick and I turned our backs to one another and began side-stepping in a circle, waiting for the avalanche of bodies to descend. Andre winked and kissed the air in my direction before turning into a streak of blue bolting our direction.

It was like viewing a meteor shower in the night sky as twelve bodies streaked towards us. Three sets of hands seized on me, but their holds were barely set before I was able to crouch into a sweeper kick, sending them sprawling to the ground.

There were two more on either side of me instantly, one's fist connecting with my jaw. The pain was as intense as any I'd known as a Mortal, but only fueled the fire I could feel raging inside. My arms and legs were a fury with movement, delivering the strikes my teacher had taught me so well. Instinct and training took over, as if my body was being commanded by some third party, because I was making no conscious command of it. I heard the same yells of pain and surprise behind me, knowing Patrick was more than holding his own.

My kicks and punches began to slow and only then did my consciousness resurface enough to realize I was only thwarting off two men, the remaining ten not in view. I lunged at them feet first, my legs spread in a v formation, sending them careening off into the tree-line before spinning around.

Patrick was moving faster and with more skill than I'd ever seen him, but it was futile against the ten men pummeling him from every angle.

"Patrick!" I screamed, lunging at the ball of Immortals who were gripping their fingers into his skin in a way that terrified me. I knew what those fingers were capable of and what they were taking from him. His face fell a moment later, his body going limp as it fell to the ground.

I charged forward, my fingers circling around the first neck I came in contact with, and something exploded inside me. My vision blurred, my senses muted; I could feel and see nothing but the fire raging inside me. My skin was sparking with my rage.

"No!" A voice penetrated my shell of fury, but it couldn't extinguish the wildfire running rampant. It was as if I was watching my life on a movie screen, knowing what would be coming next, screaming at the girl on the film, but not able to make a lick of difference in what happened.

"Bryn." I felt his hands connect with my skin for a split second before they fell away. I heard his body crumble to the ground beside me as the rage within dulled enough to clear my vision, but I didn't need my sight to know who I'd find.

"William!" I screamed, aware of nothing around me but his body lying dormant at my feet. "Please, God, no." I fell to my knees at his side, reaching palm-first for his heart, dreading the silence I might find there.

"Don't touch him!" a voice commanded before I was thrust away from William with a force that jarred my insides. It was only then that I noticed the absence of John's army, the addition of five Haywards, and the three bodies sprawled in awkward positions over the red stained dirt. The metal taste flowing in my mouth was evidence of where the red had come from.

Charles had a hand on each of his downed sons, his eyes closed and his face contorted in concentration. It was in these seconds that aged me in centuries that I finally understood why the Council had denied us again and again. Why they'd not, and would never, agreed to William's and my Union. It was because they feared this very day.

The day when I'd kill him.

Looking at his expressionless face, not knowing if his eyes would ever open again, I wished with all my might that I could travel back in time to the day seven sets of hands attempted to take my life from me. I wished they would have succeeded.

Charles' eyes opened into mine, fifty yards away, and there was hate in them. "They're alive," he said, his eyes leaving me as if he never cared to look at me again. "Barely." He moved to the third body, the one whose neck I'd interlaced my fingers over.

I already knew what he'd say before he hung his head. "This soul was not so fortunate." He closed the eyes of the man before standing. "Nathanial, Abigail," he said, nodding at the pair whose eyes hadn't left the bodies of their brothers. "You carry Patrick back to my house. Cora and I will take William."

With the mention of her name, Cora shook, as if being awakened from a coma only to find herself in a nightmare. Joseph wrapped both of his arms around her as she broke into sobs.

"Joseph,"-Charles nodded at his son-"take this man's body to your place. I need to seek the advice of the Council as to what to do with him. We've never been faced with this kind of situation before."

Four sets of eyes glanced back at me, save for Charles', and they were filled with a mix of fear and anger. Even Cora and Joseph were looking at me as if I was the enemy. I didn't blame them though, I was the enemy-the wolf in sheep's clothing-and they'd nearly lost two of their brothers because I'd been welcomed into their flock.

I watched William's limp body being hoisted over Charles' and Cora's shoulders and carried off before I curled into a ball, closed my eyes, and let my agony tear me into pieces.

CHAPTER FIVE

COWARD

I watched the last flood of yellow light inside Charles' house extinguish before I worked up the nerve to come out from my hiding spot beneath one of the combines on the farm. The same combine William and I used to sneak away to so we could be alone. The same combine where only a month ago he'd begged me in between our parted lips to leave with him. If I'd listened, lord only knows where we'd be, but we'd have been together and he would have been vertical.

I crouched as I ran towards the house, hearing a neigh of welcome as I passed the barn. I'd already said good-bye to the precocious filly William had given me several months earlier and it hadn't been easy. She'd looked at me with liquid brown eyes as if to say, Why are you leaving me? What did I do?

That good-bye had been hard enough and I wasn't sure how I was going to make it through the next one, but I didn't have a choice in the matter. I could say good-bye and he could live, sure to find happiness one day in the arms of another woman, or I could stay behind and end up killing him. It should have been an easy decision, but it had been the hardest I'd made to date.

I sprinted across the yard and hugged the east side of the house, side-stepping my way until I was beside his window.

Sometime after I'd awakened in the arena hours ago and realized it hadn't all been just a bad dream, a layer of numbness had crept through my body, entombing it in a balm of nothingness. It was my only defense mechanism to protect me from having a total breakdown when I faced the fact I'd have to leave-I'd never be able to see him again after tonight.

I sucked in a breath, praying it would get me through these last moments I'd ever have with him. I slid open the window and ghosted in through the sheer panels until I was standing beside him.

The motionless, expressionless form of William would have dropped me to my knees had I not been stiff from the numbness. The pale moonlight diffused through the curtains, casting its spell on his face, and had it not been for the rise and fall of his chest, he could have been a corpse.

I felt a sob explode from my throat, but it was caught and stifled by the numbness before it reached my mouth. I took a rigid step towards him, reaching my hand out to brush the long tufts of hair covering his forehead, but stopped short just inches from his face, remembering what the last touch from me had done to him.

His near lifeless form before me was all the reprimand I needed. I withdrew my hand, having to come to terms that, along with my goodbye, I'd have to settle for our last intimate touch to have been shared last night. I bit my lip, wishing the numbness could have been more encompassing. I would have preferred to have been run over a hundred times by the rotary tiller the tractor pulled than to experience the pain that was shredding me at present.

More than anything, I wanted to be with William. I didn't want to leave him ... but I also knew this was the selfish piece of me that I couldn't seem to bury. All the other pieces of me wanted him safe and since I knew without a sliver of a doubt he would never be safe if he was anywhere within a thousand mile radius of me, this was the only answer. I had to leave.

To vanish as if I'd never entered his life and turned it upside down. The woman he'd dreamed of for generations was not me.

His body suddenly jerked, as if able to hear my dark thoughts. I wanted to press my lips to his and have him suffocate away every worry, until he'd injected enough wistfulness that I felt nothing but him in my drug-induced state. I didn't stand a chance against the persuasiveness of his lips. His mouth parted and his breathing became heavy, as if tempting me to do just that.

I took a step back, not trusting myself, and dug in my pocket for the damp piece of notebook paper that was the only thing I had left for him. A lousy, wide-ruled, recycled piece of paper I'd scribbled down a string of lies on. Lies that felt blasphemous given everything we had, but things I had to write so he wouldn't come looking for me the moment he came to. Lies that I knew would be just enough believable so he'd leave me alone and not search the world endless times over.

Because I knew if William suspected, even in the slightest, that I'd left to keep him safe from me, he'd somehow find me even if I sequestered myself to a dried-up, boarded-up well smack in the center of the Serengeti. So my lies had to be selfish requests, I had to make him believe I wanted out for me, and I knew-despite the pain it would cause him-he could never deny me anything.

I'd scratched down vile things, things that said I was tired of waiting for the Council, sick of him being gone all the time, weary of his family and not fitting in, and the worst of them all, that I didn't love him anymore.

It'd taken a solid thirty minutes to write down that last sentence that included a handful of words that on their own were harmless, but when combined formed a wedge that promised to divide. Words that, when read, would cause pain, but that pain would one day melt away and there would be more than one set of arms eager to suck away the pain that rebellious girl from his past had left behind.

Years from now, William would be reclining in the body of another woman and wouldn't be able to recall the way I smiled at him or the way my cheeks flushed when he touched me. Yes, there would be pain, but it would be short-lived for him. For me ... that was another story.

I gazed hard at his face, photographing it into my mind. I dropped the letter on his nightstand, trying not to imagine his face when he read the last sentence. My last words to him, the last thing he'd have of me, words that basically told him I was in love with someone else.

Not able to resist it, I leaned down to feel his breath break across my face, inhaling him one last time.

"Goodbye," I whispered beside his ear. "I won't hurt you anymore."

The tears weren't flowing as they should have been, probably because I was more shell than soul now, but I didn't mind because I was able to take my last look of him with perfect vision. The man who'd filled me with a love and desire I never dreamed possible and the man I'd always known wasn't meant for me.

"Thank you ... for everything," I said, looking my last on him before turning and leaping out the window in the same second. Now I'd said good-bye, I needed to put as much space and time between us as I could.

I ducked into the shadows outside the house, preparing to launch down the gravel trail and away from this place that now felt like foreign soil.

"Maybe I should start teaching you the fine arts of espionage," a voice commented behind me. "Rule number one-always be aware of your surroundings."

I somehow stiffened and relaxed at the same time. "Patrick," I whispered, "you're alright." I turned around to see him getting off the wooden swing hanging from the sprawling maple in the back yard. He walked towards me, adorned in blue scrub bottoms and a white undershirt. His sandals flopped his way towards me. "You mind telling me what you're doing sneaking in and out of my brother's bedroom at this hour?'

His eyebrows peaked and he stopped several feet in front of me. "Because, given his current state, I know you weren't doing what you two are normally up to." His impish grin didn't quite explode with its normal force, plus his shoulders slumped a couple inches lower than normal.

"How are you feeling?" I whispered, not able to look him in the eyes. "Are you alright?"

"Never been better," he joked. "Nothing like the zap of ten of John Townsend's thugs to make you feel alive again."

"That's not funny," I said, reprimanding him before glancing at the window behind me.

"He's going to be alright too," Patrick said, noting my stare, before chuckling. "Although William will now have a working knowledge of the phrase, 'love hurts,' don't you think?"

My eyes narrowed into slits when I looked back at him. How was he able to make light of something so serious? Had William's hand connected with my skin for another heartbeat or two, Patrick and I would be having a very different conversation.

"Sensitive, are we?" he said, raising his hands.

"You should be resting," I said, changing the subject.

He snorted. "Sleep is for the weak. Besides, I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what you're up to."

I looked down, not able to look him in the eyes. "I'm leaving," I mouthed, not making a sound.

"I'm not a lip-reader. You're going to have to repeat that for me," he said, taking a couple steps forward. "Perhaps turn it up a notch or two-"

"I'm leaving," I interrupted, shifting my eyes to his.

"Where are you going?" he asked, not understanding.

I filled my lungs. "I'm leaving, Patrick. Away from here, for good."

His eyebrows came together and he looked as if he hadn't understood the words that had just come out of my mouth. A few more seconds went by, where I was both waiting and dreading for the realization of what I'd meant to click.

Another second ticked off and I saw it register on Patrick's face. The curl of confusion in his eyebrows ironed out before they took a sharp slant downward and his eyes filled with ice. I repressed a shudder.

"You are not leaving," he seethed through his teeth. "Not after everything he's been through. Not if it's up to me."

"It's not up to you," I said, feeling lower than pond scum from the look he was giving me.

"Then why?' he asked, his voice elevating. "Why now?"

"Because now is better than later, Patrick." I knew each day I stayed with William, I risked his life. As it was, I'd waited too long to do this.

"You're a coward," he whispered, although the words entered me as if screamed. "I know why you're doing this and you're a coward for taking the easy way out."

"There is no easy way out," I argued. "Don't you get it?"

"You're a coward," he repeated, annunciating every syllable. "Don't you do this to him, Bryn. Don't you hurt him," he begged, sounding like the little brother he was, concerned first and foremost for the older brother he idolized.

"If I don't go, I'll only hurt him again. Could do so much worse than hurt him ..."

"You listen to me-listen to me right now." He lunged forward and grasped my arms. "I'm only going to say this once, so you better listen and listen good." His fingers squeezed into my flesh with such strength I felt pain. He looked at me, his eyes pleading. "You can survive alone or you can live together. I know which option William would chose-has chosen," he said, shaking me as if he wished he could shake some sense into me. "You have to make your choice."

"I already have," I whispered, turning away, hoping he'd leave me alone with the repercussions of my impossible decision.

"Coward," he repeated, crossing his arms.

"Good-bye, Patrick," I said over my shoulder, using three feeble words when I had at least a million I needed to say to him.

He cleared his throat and I heard a chord of popping-most likely the knuckles he had the habit of cracking whenever he was trying to diffuse stress. "Which way are you heading? I'll give you a lift."

I shook my head, Patrick's offer dousing lemon on my gaping wound. "You don't have to do that," I said, not exactly looking forward to the journey on foot to my destination, but looking forward even less to being stuffed in a confined space with Patrick.

I needed a clean break-the sooner the better.

"I'm not doing it for you," he said, the spite back in his tone, as he headed towards the garage. "I'm doing it for William."

His back was to me, so he couldn't have seen my confusion, but knowing me well enough, he explained, "Despite him waking up in a few days only to wish he hadn't, he'll still want to know you arrived safely to wherever the hell you have in mind."

He disappeared into the garage and a moment later I heard an engine come to life-an engine I could have recognized in a chorus of a thousand others. Headlights came at me and despite Patrick's likely wish given my actions, William's vintage Bronco skidded to a stop an inch from me.

"Get in," Patrick instructed, sticking his head out the window and raising his eyebrows in a way that let me know it wasn't open for discussion.

"Can't we take your car?" I asked, referring to the seven figure speedster I'd re-gifted to him as a thank you for saving me from John Townsend. He loved the Maserati and took every opportunity to drive it, even to the mailbox less than a mile down the road. Why couldn't he drive it now? Although I'm sure it had something to do with torturing me.

"Don't have the keys on me," he said, shrugging his shoulders.

"How about my car?" I asked, knowing it would be the last time I'd see it. That was one companion, inanimate as it was, I'd forgotten to say good-bye to.

Patrick cringed. "I don't drive Chevys. Ever. Cardinal rule of mine." I was in the middle of rolling my eyes when he rested his hand over the car-horn. "Do you want me to wake my father?"

He knew how to get my attention. I jogged around the front and climbed in the cab, careful not to take a breath, knowing William's scent permeated every inch of leather and scrap of metal.

I felt the leather slide beneath my legs and the memory of the last time William and I had been in the Bronco entered my consciousness. The leather had been heated and sticky from the friction of warmed skin sliding over it. I swallowed and closed my eyes, trying to shake the memory away. I thought I heard Patrick let out a hint of a chuckle.

"Where to?" he asked, not sounding like he cared one bit, before slamming the accelerator down.

My back slammed against the bench seat and I'm pretty sure I felt my brains crash against my skull from the sudden momentum. "The airport."

"Of course," he said, "the favored escape for cowards everywhere."

I glared through the windshield while my body bounced to the beat of the potholes that lined the Hayward's driveway, trying not to think about everything I was leaving behind.

It didn't work.

CHAPTER SIX

LIES

"Could you please turn that off?" I asked, not masking my voice.

"This is my favorite song," Patrick replied, sounding happy with himself. "You got something against a little classic rock and roll?" I refused to look at him, but I could tell from his tone his eyes were pulled tight, as was his smile.

"Fine," I said, slamming my index finger against the on/off switch of the Bronco's CD player. "I'll do it myself."

"You're touchy tonight," he said, but didn't turn the CD player back on. His intended effect had worked anyways; William's favorite CD brought back an avalanche of memories, from him singing at the top of his lungs, to the ones where his mouth had been incapacitated from singing by my lips.

Patrick let out a sharp laugh. "Actually, you've been touchy all day. William's clammy body is testament to that. Although I don't think it's the general 'touchy' he so enjoys."

I wanted to say-yell, actually-so many things, but I didn't because I knew I deserved every cheap shot Patrick took at me. He wasn't dishing out anything I hadn't earned.

The lights of the Missoula International Airport came in view, the red, green, and white lights beckoning me, promising to take me to a place far away from here, swearing my life would never be the same, warning me there was no going back.

I retracted my arm from where it'd hung out the passenger window the past couple hours, my hand soaking up the Montana air so I could take it with me wherever I went.

Patrick screeched the Bronco to a stop in front of the passenger drop-off, drawing the attention of a few attendants.

He turned in his seat and hooked an arm over the steering wheel, a sly smile covering his face. "Could you look in the glove box for me? I forgot my cell phone back home and I think William leaves a spare in it."

I did as asked, not having the energy to question why he wanted to make a call, but I figured it probably had something to do with me. It didn't matter, though. I'd be gone soon, exiled from Montana for the rest of my eternity.

A few maps fanned out as I sorted through the glove box, fingering around for a phone, when something popped out and fell at my feet. My heart sank and broke at the same time when I took a closer look at the item that had fallen out. The square box was small, covered in black velvet, and closed shut by a delicate silver clasp. I knew what it was a moment before I felt Patrick do an internal dance of wicked joy.

"Hopefully it's returnable," he said, as if he was referring to nothing more significant than a bag of potato chips.

My fingers shook when I reached for the box. When they wrapped around it, I thought I felt my soul shattering. Knowing I didn't deserve to see, let alone wear, William's promise of his faithfulness to me, I tossed it back in the glove box as if playing hot potato and slammed it shut.

"Thanks for the ride," I said, pausing before retrieving my backpack from the backseat. "Thanks for everything." Not knowing what else to say, but knowing there was so much more I should, I swung the door open.

"Okay, you can stop the act now," Patrick said, grabbing my shoulder and pulling my back down on the seat.

"What act?" I asked, trying to shake loose his hand.

"Oh, come on, Bryn. I know you better than you might think and I know you're only doing this because you're scared you're going to end up killing him the next time he comes in contact with the radioactive woman." His eyes gleamed and his smile was genuine-he really thought this was all some joke.

"It's not an act," I said, attempting again to exit the cab. "Sorry to disappoint you."

His hand, yet again, stalled my retreat. "You're not fooling-"

"There's somebody else, okay?!" I snapped, straining my neck back so I could look him in the eye. "This isn't just about me possibly killing him." I tried to swallow, but my throat felt like it was packed with cotton.

The expression that darkened Patrick's face was one I'd never seen on him, I'd never seen on anyone. It was one of hatred-the pure, unabashed kind. His hand tore off my shoulder as if my skin was burning him. an aYou're a real piece of work, you know that?" he whispered, spewing his hate through his teeth. "I was wrong about you all along. You don't deserve him."

This, I'd always known.

"Get out of my sight," he said, motioning me away with his hand. "You disgust me."

I inhaled in an attempt to stall, racking my mind for something I could say to him. I should have anticipated it, but Patrick's reaction was causing my already broken heart to shatter.

I shouldered my bag and stepped out of the cab, knowing I'd never be a passenger in it again. I shut the door behind me. "See you around, Patrick."

He sniffed and I heard him shift into gear. "I certainly hope not." The Bronco's wheels squealed away from me, leaving me with nothing other than two streaks of black as a farewell.

I tried to pull my shoulders back and inhale a dose of bravery, but I'm sure my shoulders slumped lower than before and the only thing I breathed in was the bitterness of what-could-have-been. So this was how it was going to be. Oh what I had to look forward to in my eternity. Although I had one thing: the knowledge that he'd be safe. I had that and it would have to be enough.

The sliding doors whirred open as I entered the airport, making a beeline to the departure screen a couple hundred feet down the terminal. It was late and, although Missoula International was a long stretch from fitting a jet-setter, there was still a broken line of zombies streaming through the terminal from the just-arrived red-eyes.

I halted in front of the black screen, scanning down the list of departures that would be boarding in a few hours when the early morning flights commenced. Letting fate have its way with me, I employed a technique I'd used months ago and a lifetime back.

I closed my eyes and circled my index finger in the air. My erratic circle making stopped and I pointed at some location in the world that would become home sweet home, or at least home sweet now. When I opened my eyes, a laugh escaped my throat, although it sounded everything but benign. "Paris," I muttered, shaking my head. Perfect, I thought The city of love ...

Score: Fate-1, Bryn-Zippo.

CHAPTER SEVEN

PARIS

It took five weeks and three days to deplete my roll of cash. Pretty sad considering the wad of ones, fives and a few twenties were my life savings. A one-way ticket from Missoula to Paris hadn't been a bargain and my apartment-if that's what you'd call a structure with walls consisting more of patch plaster than the original drywall-on the Rue St. Denis had blown through the rest of my cash.

Knowing Rue St. Denis' reputation-and it wasn't for its croissants or berets- from a vacation I'd taken with my parents when I was sixteen, I'd expected to find a space to rent for next to nothing.

Like most things, I was immensely mistaken.

I couldn't comprehend how an eighteen by twenty square foot studio with a mouse hole for a bathroom in the red light district of Paris could go for as much as one of those zippy little Cessna's I dodged on a daily basis. Given what I paid, one would have expected they'd found the sole mansion on the Rue St. Denis, but as the cobwebs and cracked window in my apartment's one and only room proved, my living quarters were a wrecking ball's dream.

Being Immortal, I could have saved myself the Clorox and money and moved from street-bench to street-bench, not having to worry about inclement weather or hooligans. I pitied the person who put an unwanted hand on me, not knowing if I'd kill them with the same ease as I had the last one.

Here was the thing though, roaming in a foreign land, alone and feeling exiled made me feel more animal than human at times. Having nowhere to call my own other than the park or bench I rested my head on would have sent me into the world of barbarianism.

So that's why I couldn't lose my apartment-dilapidated in the extreme, its existence threatened by a strong windstorm. It was the last fiber weaving me into the world of warm-blooded beings. And maybe I felt such an affinity for it because, just like me, the apartment was trying to make it, one day at a time.

However, all nostalgia aside, I was going to lose it if I didn't find a way to scrounge up some money. Soon.

The door of the cafe chimed, announcing my arrival. I'd only taken a year and a half of French, but it was enough so I could make out the sign in the window that loosely translated to, Help Wanted.

"Bonjour," the woman behind the counter called out, continuing to layer chocolate-dipped biscotti into the display case.

"Bonjour," I greeted back, trying to sound cheery, hoping it would bode well when she discovered I wasn't a paying customer but a job applicant. I didn't even have one euro to buy a shortbread cookie. "Je m'appelle Bryn," I began, approaching the woman.

She looked up at me, a note of impatience in her expression. My brain shut down, losing purchase of the phrase I'd memorized weeks back when I'd first gone hunting for a job. I attempted to reboot it, but it sputtered short and shut down again. "Je ... need," I stuttered, cursing myself for throwing in an English word. "Je-Je voudrais ..." I tried again, sounding like I had a stuttering problem. The impatience on her face grew pronounced, so I pointed at the sign in the front window and blurted out, "I'm here about the job."

"It's been filled," she said in a rich French accent. I'd once heard you could tell someone was lying to you if they didn't look you in the eyes. This woman's were roaming in every direction save for mine. "Can I help you with anything else?" she asked, using her mocha colored eyes to give meaning to her question.

Even though I would never need a morsel of sustenance for the rest of my days, my stomach growled when I viewed the rows of eclairs, tarts, and croissants the woman was eyeing. "No," I replied, turning to leave, sniffing the air in hopes I could get my fix this way. "Merci beaucoup."

Out on the cobblestone walkway in front of the cafe, I stood there, not knowing which way to go. I couldn't retreat back to my apartment; the first of the month had been two days ago and I'd found the second note slipped under my door this morning from my landlord. Like the first, it was written in French and although I couldn't read it word for word, the meaning between them left nothing unsaid. Pay or leave had been the jist, minus the Cher Bryn and si vous plait that had been penned in yesterday's slightly more courteous letter.

I had to find a job, but I doubted if my future attempts would wager any other result than the past thirty. The reasons for rejecting my employment had been as inventive as the entry to the Louvre. No work visa, couldn't hire a foreign employee, you must be fluent in French ... and my favorite of all; you have to look like you know what you're doing.

I toed at one of the cobblestones, the muted gray of the sky creating a monotone quilt of color on the walk-way. Trying not to wallow in thoughts of the butterfly effect and falling dominoes, I looked up ... and time stopped.

The bodies shuffling down the sidewalk, the cars jetting down the road, the stripped cloth awnings blowing in the wind-everything stilled as if I'd snapped a picture and frozen the moment forever.

The only movement was the blink of a pair of eyes staring into mine across the road. His face was frozen, but a showing of regret was apparent on it.

I felt the shock coursing through my body make its physical appearance. My breathing had just started its acceleration when he spun away and took off down the alley behind him.

"William!" I yelled, causing the freeze-framed world to break back into motion. I flung myself into the street, realizing too late there was rush-hour-like traffic crowding the streets. I made it to the second lane before one of the clown-sized cars careened into me. It didn't stop me, though-it hadn't even sent me flying to the ground. I swatted the car away from me as if were nothing more than a buzzing fly, winding out of the dent it had carved around my hips.

"William!" I yelled again, losing sight of him when he weaved down one of the alleys that twisted and turned like a maze through this part of Paris.

I didn't stop to assess the damage of the car or its driver or to think about the consequence of the scene I'd just created. It's a good thing I was flying solo now; the Council would have been more than irked to learn about this new predicament I'd put them in. Flattening a car when it should have flattened me ...

I slid to a stop halfway down the alley, looking every which way, not wanting to zig when he'd zagged. I closed my eyes, trying to recall the way I felt whenever he was around. That electric, intimate energy that linked me to him.

I felt nothing. There was nothing but the scent of stale trash mildewing in the dumpster beside me and the bitter taste of losing him all over again on the tip of my tongue. Feeling like I was looking for a needle in a haystack, I shot down the alleyway to my left, praying with everything I had that I'd find him, not caring why I'd left him in the first place: to keep him safe and away from me.

I ran like I had nothing to lose, although I had everything to lose again now that he'd jettisoned back into my life. The wind cutting across my face felt like ice-picks stabbing my skin.

The alley came to an abrupt end, nothing but a tall brick wall painted with graffiti waiting for me. "No, no, no," I whispered, wanting to yell them at someone. "Don't do this to me," I said, realizing I was speaking to the world I seemed to be playing some game of war with. To say I was losing was generous.

My desperation turned to anger and I punched the brick wall, feeling it give. A shower of brick and mortar rained down at my feet. I leaned my shoulder against the brutalized wall, refusing to hang my head for fear of missing a glimpse of him weaving through the maze of run-down buildings.

A door painted in flat black paint a hundred feet down swung open and my heart stopped. I sucked in a breath, willing his form to emerge into the twilight.

A female figure swung out instead, the light casting a figure with ample shape on the wall behind her. "You are a pig," she shouted through the door, before making a spitting sound. "Bon Chance trying to replace all this," she yelled, giving her figure an all-out shake. The door slammed shut behind her and her heels clanked down the alley away from me, verbalizing as many French curse words as she could fit in her sentences. Like most high-schoolers, the profanities of any language seemed to stick in my mind when nothing else would.

Not about to let the possibility that he'd escaped behind the black door go uninvestigated, I jogged down the alley and ripped the door open, giving it more force than needed since I expected it'd be locked. The area warranted locks, armed guards, and laser fields in my opinion. The door groaned open, welcoming me in, and I wondered if instead of trying to keep trouble out, it preferred to invite it in. Not caring if I was discovered as an intruder or potential prey, I rushed down the dark hall.

I exploded into a room that was only slightly brighter than the hallway I'd just emerged from. It certainly looked like the kind of place someone would go when they were looking for trouble. The walls matched the door-flat, black paint-although the smell of smoke was so overpowering I wondered if the walls were also shellacked with an inch-thick layer of nicotine. There were no tables or chairs, no mirrors or pictures, only a stage of questionable construction to the right of me and to the left stood a waist-high bar behind where bottles filled with clear or gold liquid were staggered on shelves and several untapped kegs were propped up on barstools.

"Boooon-jour, Mmmmm-Mademoiselle," called out a voice that was as French as it was courteous. A man carrying a keg flashed a smile that was all ego in my direction before heaving the keg on the bar.

"Did you see someone pass through-"

"American," he said, sounding pleased. He wiped his hands off on his jeans and hooked his leg under a bar-stool and slid it over, taking a seat. "Californian, if my male radar isn't off." He scanned me up and down and then winked.

And I'd wager my female radar that he'd never put a foot in California. It seemed men who hadn't experienced the state except through television and their imaginations thought all Californian women were tall, thin, and edgy. Those that had visited knew the women were also gorgeous, blonde, and rich-none of which I was.

"New Jersey?" I snapped back, looking him head to toe in much the same way he'd just looked at me.

He grinned. "Attitude-definitely Californian. I like that in a woman."

I glared. "Ego-definitely Jersey. I hate that in a man."

He laughed, slapping his thigh. "I concede. I hail from Jersey, but I now call this seedy excuse for a bar home."

I didn't hold a lot of stock in stereotypes, but the man before me fit each and every one I'd heard of New Jersey boys. The orange tan, the hair styled as if each strand had been carefully placed, the painted on t-shirt, and the ego that stifled the room of air.

"Your turn," he said, nodding his head at me. "Where you from, sugar?"

I hated I had to affirm his assumption. "Santa Cruz," I muttered, scanning around the room, knowing if he'd been here, William was long gone. I couldn't even picture him in this place with its filthy walls and sticky floors.

He clapped his hands together. "Boy, I'm good."

I shot him one more glare before turning to leave.

"Hey," he called out, interrupting my retreat. "Did you say you were looking for someone?"

"Nope," I replied, not about to confess to him that I was looking for the man I loved, but had abandoned after nearly killing him, and, oh yeah, he just so happened to be Immortal. So not going there. "I was looking for something."

"Oh," I heard the bar-stool screech against the floor and his voice was nearer when he spoke next. "What were you looking for?"

I exhaled my annoyance. Persistent ... so New Jersey. I had to give California boys points for walking away when a girl ignored them, whether or not it was a game of hard-to-get. There were other bikini-clad beauties in the sea. "A job." I spun around to find him only several strides behind me. "But since I don't see any of those hanging out around here, I'll be on my merry way, thank you."

"A job, huh?" he said, sounding every bit as New Jersey as he looked. "This must be your lucky day."

The word lucky had never been one I'd used to describe my life, at least pre and post William. "Why's that?"

He leaned against the hall and crossed his arms. "One of my bartenders got herself knocked-up and just started to show," he said, sounding inconvenienced. "I just let her go, so I've got a bartender opening as of ..."-he consulted his blinged-out watch-"ten minutes ago-give or take."

"Thanks, but this isn't really my scene," I replied, pointing with my eyes around the hall.

"Too good for the Rue St. Jersey, are we?"

"That's not it."

"Then what is it?" he asked, knowing he'd called it for what it was. "You need a job, I'm handing you one." His eyebrows peaked. "No thanks even required."

I cleared my throat, stalling. "I really don't think I'm qualified."

"Please,"-he threw his arms in the air-"you know how to tap a keg?"

"No," I answered truthfully.

His face lined with surprise. "You know the difference between tequila and vodka?"

"They're different colors," I said, hating how straight-laced I sounded.

He laughed as if he couldn't figure me out. Rubbing his chin, he asked, "You know how to pour a shot?"

I hadn't, but I was beginning to feel like he was teasing now. "I scored a 2200 on my SAT's," I said, crossing my arms and taking a step towards him. "I think I can figure it out."

"And there's that attitude again," he said. "The customers are going to love you."

Realizing too late I'd somehow conceded to his job offer, I tried to brainstorm some way I could back-track my way out of this one.

"When can you start?" he asked, turning to head back down the hall.

I could think of a few hundred jobs I'd rather do than bartend in this place for this guy-scrubbing toilets at a trucker stop was on that list-but knowing I was fighting for my life, as empty as it was, I answered, "Immediately."

"Great. We open in a half hour. There's a uniform for you in the ladies room. Marie had a little more junk in her trunk than you," he said, surveying my backside before roaming up and forward. "Actually, she had a little more junk in the front too, but that's what toilet paper and a push-up bra are for."

I stifled my urge to reply with an insult of my own-something having to do with what the wonders a little lemon juice and sugar doused on a cotton-ball could do for his adult jaundice-and headed down the hall, wondering the whole way what I'd gotten myself into.

The woman's restroom at the Rue St. Jersey was the kind of facility you didn't want to touch a thing in unless you had a scrap of paper towel protecting your skin. It also smelt like what a bathroom should if it didn't having working toilets, mixed with the heady scent of sex, accompanied by an undertone of cheap perfume. This was one of those instances where I wished my Immortality hadn't given me heightened senses.

The uniform, or so it'd been called, looked more the garb of a stripper than a bartender, making me wonder just what kind of a joint I was employed at. Finding a bottle of Windex underneath the sink, I sprayed down the black leather pants-inside and out-having no other means to disinfect them from whatever could be growing within.

They stuck to my body like a plaster of paris mold, my lack of junk in the trunk comment aside. Other than the four-inch high clear mules (that I imagined lit-up when walked on) there was only one other item to complete the "uniform."

For the life of me, I couldn't comprehend how the swath of black stretchy material in my hands was meant to be a top. Having nothing to fit around the arms, shoulder, or neck, I suppose tube-top is what it could have been classified as, but its fabric-or lack thereof-made it more lingerie than anything else. Thankful for the white cami I had on under my military jacket, I slid the shred of fabric in place over it. Had it not been for the cami, it would have barely covered the area from the top to the bottom of my chest. Classy.

I tossed the stripper shoes in the garbage on my way out, having left on my scuffed-up black leather motorcycle boots. To heck with Rue St. Jersey and its owner; he could fire me as quickly as he'd hired me if he didn't like it.

The music blasted into every space from its opening note, the bass vibrating my insides. Rounding the hallway off the women's wash-slash-sex room, I found the bar-which had been empty less than a half hour ago-bursting with bodies, gyrating to the beat of the music that was a mish-mash of metal and rap.

I shook my head, not able to believe I'd travelled halfway around the world to end up in a place I could have found back home a mile away in any direction. I guess I'd hoped European guys would have enough self-control to restrain themselves from having clothed sex on the dance floor with any bleary-eyed girl willing to oblige. Here's what I forgot; European or not, they were GUYS.

"Hey, California," I heard a voice call across the room and, despite the ear-splitting music, I heard it with crystal precision. "Anytime your highness is ready," he motioned to the herd of customers rammed up against the bar, waving their Euros.

I cut through the crowd, using a little more force than warranted, but made good time. I hoisted myself on the bar and slid over it, caught in the middle of thirsty customers and gallons of alcohol I couldn't recognize by name or sight.

"It's Bryn," I said, eyeing him with warning as he was double fisting a couple of pints beneath the rivers of ale flowing from the kegs.

He smiled, shutting off the kegs with his forehead. "Does California Bryn have a last name?"

I didn't think before answering. "Hayward."

He dropped a couple of shots into the beers and tossed one back, handing the other to a customer in exchange for a wad of bills. He looked over at me, pointing with his eyes to the customers that were getting wilder in the eyes by the moment. "You're lovely to look at, darling, but I'm not paying you to stand there and look pretty." He grabbed a bottle from a shelf above him and tossed it to me. "I'm paying you to pour."

He nodded to a couple of guys that looked like frat boys, but they had the largest wad of cash in their palms. "Get started."

"What will it be?" I asked the frat boy closest to me, aware I'd probably just quoted a line from one of the old westerns my grandpa used to watch.

"A tequila, double," he ordered, eyeing the top shelf.

I reached for the bottle he'd eyed, assuming he knew what he was ordering, and flipped over a glass that was smaller than a pint and larger than a shot glass, assuming it was a double shot glass. I hoped.

I poured the gold liquid into the glass, feeling like a pro by the time I'd finished. If this was all it took-following the orders of customers and pouring liquid into glasses-this whole job thing might work. Sure, the place defined seedy and the uniform was intended to show off every piece of female anatomy meant to be hidden, but the music was loud, the crowd louder, and the rainbow of hedonism muted my senses and made it temporarily difficult to think about a time when my life had been as perfect as it gets.

I handed the glass off to frat boy, the look in his eyes causing mine to look away.

Not knowing how much anything cost, I looked over at my bar-mate, spinning a couple of shot glasses between his fingers. "That one's on the house," he yelled over to me, answering my question.

"I guess it's on the house," I told frat boy. He leaned over the bar, motioning me closer. Wanting to be done with him, I leaned in, hoping he'd leave me alone so I could get onto the next customer.

He raised the hand filled with cash, grabbing the top of my cami and slamming me against the edge of the bar. "And this is on me," he said, shoving the bills down the center of the scrap of fabric.

My training from Patrick had been so all-encompassing that I reacted without thinking. Before he released the money he was attempting to bury deeper, I grabbed his hand. It felt like a house-of-cards in my grip. I slid it up and out of my shirt, squeezing it in the process, hearing the same kinds of sounds my Rice Krispies made. Snap, crackle, pop.

The pain on his face was instant, followed by his mouth falling open, although no sound came out-at first.

"Don't touch me," I warned him, trying not to think about the last time a man had touched me and how it had been so different-tender ... timid.

Frat boy's vocal chords exploded, sending out a sound I imagined a dog would make after being hit by a car. I released his hand and he pulled it towards his chest, cradling it with his other hand.

"Why you holding your hand like it's a little babydoll, Tony?" Mikey asked, handing off two filled shot glasses to a couple of girls plastered up against the counter, wearing tops similar to the one I was wearing, although their excess spilt out in a way that would have made me blush had I not been quivering from Tony's hand snaking down my skin.

"My hand!" Tony screamed. "Mikey, she busted my hand up something fierce."

Mikey laughed and after winking at his customers with the ample assets, he wiped his hands with a dishtowel. "Come on, ya sissy." He tilted his head my direction. "She's a girl. Stop acting like she just pounded your hand with a hammer."

Beads of sweat were bursting from Tony's skin, a pallid white blanketing his face.

"Oh, boy," Mikey said, leaping over the counter. "I've seen that face before. He's going down."

The herd of customers circling Tony scattered just as Mikey got to him, breaking his fall. "Tracy!" Mikey called out to the newcomer who'd just crawled under the bar, wearing the same outfit I was, minus the boots and cami. "You're late!"

"I'm here, ain't I?" she called back, tying back her crimson hair into a knot, shouldering past me without making any kind of acknowledgement. "Quit busting my balls." She grabbed a shot glass at the same time she reached for the bottle closest to her. Liquid overflowed the glass before she tossed it back, slamming down the glass and pouring another one.

"I gotta run Tony to emergency," Mikey called back to her, not noticing or caring she was pouring her third shot-perhaps one of the employee perks he'd forgotten to mention, not that it was one I'd benefit from. "You got things here?"

The glass at her lips, she waved her hand dismissively at him, shooing him through the crowd. "Yeah, yeah. You can count on me."

I watched Mikey hoist the comatose Tony over his shoulders and weave through the crowd packed into the hallway, the regret of my action sinking in. A simple hand smack could have sent the same message-leave me alone-why couldn't I have settled for that? I tried to drown out the answer, not wanting to be reminded that there was destruction flowing in every molecule of my makeup.

"You taking Marie's spot?" Tracy asked, crossing her arms in a way that led me to the conclusion her and Marie had been friends and she was not happy I'd slid into her spot.

I nodded, ignoring the hands waving around the counter, their voices charging up in volume. I crossed my arms too, trying to look tough, like I belonged in a pair of painted-on leather pants, serving whiskey to tourists, smack dab in heathen-central.

She smiled, shaking her head. "First night, poor thing." She looked up, her eyes pointing at the first man she saw.

"Whiskey," he called out, smacking a bill down on the counter. "One for me and one for you," he smiled at her, leaving nothing to the imagination as to what was going through his.

Tracy flipped a couple of glasses on the counter, tilted a bottle on its side, pocketing the bill at the same time. She handed him his shot, clinking glasses before tipping them back. She slammed the glass down, grasped the man's face with her hands, and locked her lips over his like he was headed off to sea for a year long deployment. Pushing him away a few seconds later, she turned to me, licking her lips. Pouring another shot, she tilted it my way. "Here's to popping your cherry at the Rue St. Jersey."

CHAPTER EIGHT

RUE ST. JERSEY

Had I still been Mortal, I would have been draped over the nearest chair, hoping death would find me before I had to work another night at this place. As it was, my head was throbbing, and not for the same reason the majority of the Rue St. Jersey's patrons could claim.

The place had vibrated with music and been sucked dry of every drop of alcohol a little before five in the morning. When Tracy had told me we work until the alcohol runs dry, she'd meant it. Had I been asked to guess how long it would take to run out-after viewing the lines of kegs and rows of bottles we'd opened with-I would have said one month, maybe two. But alas, the Rue St. Jersey's customers were thirsty and their pockets had been full.

"Ninety-one, ninety-two," Tracy mumbled, sitting with legs spread on the counter with the tip jar's contents blanketing her lower half.

"Almost one hundred dollars?" I asked. "That's pretty good." I finished wiping down the sink and tossed the rag to the side. Fifty dollars a piece, plus whatever hourly rate Mikey was paying me ... not bad.

Tracy held up a finger while she counted two more bills. "Eight hundred and ninety-four." She shoveled the money to the side. "Pretty good. I think the customers like the new girl."

"Wait," I said, gripping the counter. "Did you just say eight hundred and ninety-four Euros?" I felt my mouth drop open.

She nodded and lit the cigarette dangling between her lips. "That's four hundred and forty-six, no ... forty-seven a piece." A smile curled up one side of her mouth. "And my eighth-grade teacher said I'd never amount to anything if it had anything to do with math." She began counting out the bills into two separate piles. "Adding cash is completely different than adding beans."

I still couldn't believe I'd heard her right. If this was any indicator of the kind of money I'd be making on a nightly basis, I'd only have to subject myself to four or five nights a month in this place. My first stroke of luck in awhile.

"Closed so early?" Mikey erupted from the hall, motioning with both arms to the empty room.

"Sorry, bub," Tracy replied, not looking up from the stashes of cash. "Looks like you're going to need to up your booze order with the new girl in town. Didn't have a moment of peace from the time I got here. Ran out a couple hours earlier than usual."

"Shouldn't there be three piles?" Mikey asked, leaning against the bar. "Don't I get a share of that?"

Tracy humphed. "Do you see an ice skating rink anywhere around here?"

"You expecting an answer?" Mikey asked, righting a barstool with the tip of his shoe.

"Yes," she snapped.

"No, then."

"Exactly. Since hell hasn't frozen over yet ..."

Mikey snorted. "You've always had a way with words, Trace."

"Bite me."

"How is he?" I asked, diverting my attention to lifting another overturned stool. The passing of hours and the image of Tony's face twisted in pain had shifted my anger to remorse.

"I ain't seen anything like it," he said, letting out a low whistle. "His hand looked like it was stuffed with pea gravel on the x-ray-every bone busted. They admitted him, not quite sure what to do yet."

I felt sick. I'd turned the boy's hand to pea gravel-as Mikey had so graphically described-all because he'd copped a feel.

Was no one safe around me? Would I have to sequester myself to a remote corner on the edge of the Milky Way?

"Don't worry, you won't get in any trouble," Mikey said, mistaking the look on my face. "There's no way Tony was going to confess to a girl busting him up. He told 'em he punched a wall ..."

He was covering for me; I somehow felt worse. "I'd like to cover his medical bills," I said, knowing it was an inadequate gesture, but not knowing what else I could offer. So what if I had to work a few more nights this month?

Mikey waved his hand dismissively. "Already taken care of. Besides, I would have paid twice as much to see Tony get his butt whooped by a girl."

"Here's your share, California," Tracy said, shoving the roll in my hand. "Go blow it all in one spot."

"She will."

"Always do," Tracy snarled at Mikey, retrieving a trench coat from behind the bar. She slipped on the jacket before sliding off the leather pants and stowing them in a cupboard. She slid back into the four inch clear platforms and cinched the belt of her jacket.

"Time to head to your other night job?" Mikey asked as Tracy passed him, ramming jewel-crusted sunglasses over her eyes.

"You couldn't afford me."

"I couldn't afford the bills from the therapy I'd need after."

From the jesting in their voices, I would have guessed they were joking, but knowing Tracy had on a scarf of fabric covering her boobs and a pair of underwear-hopefully-under her jacket, I wondered if she really did have another night job. They didn't call it the red light district for nothing.

"Good job tonight," Mikey said, tilting his head at me. "I'll see you tonight. Be here at seven."

"I'll be here," I said, eager to escape from the stagnant air.

"Hayward," Mikey called out as I was entering the hallway. "Who is he?"

I tensed, calling back, "Who's who?"

"The boy that broke your heart."

More tensing. "Excuse me?"

"You got the look of a girl who's had her heart sliced out of her chest. Is that who you were looking for earlier?"

"No," I lied. "There's no one."

I licked the envelope, puckering at the flavor, and wrote Appartement F on the front before slipping it under the manager's door, hoping four hundred and forty-seven Euros would buy me a couple more days until I could come up with the rest of the rent. I tip-toed down the hall, knowing Pierre-the fattest, baldest Frenchman in the country-was likely still dozing from the painkillers he liked to double-up on before going to bed ... but then again, this was me we were talking about and UnLucky should have been my surname. I quickened my pace, checking over my shoulder to make sure the door didn't open.

I hurried up the staircase, leaping over the fifth and sixth steps which were rotten away-from the looks of it, it had been decades ago-ignoring the wall running along the staircase decorated with packages of prophylactics thumb-tacked, nailed, stapled, and taped to it. My neighbors might have been shady and not passed a background check if one was required to live here, but at least they were generous and condoned safe sex.

I opened my door, never having worried about locking it because-let's face it-I didn't have anything worth stealing and I could hold my own if an intruder was crazy enough to enter a place like this looking for something valuable.

The door creaked, groaned, then screamed open. I wanted to curse at it for making such a racket, but I knew it would be the last audible response I'd be given for awhile, at least until my shift started tonight. I could feel the memories avalanching their way back into my mind, the noise, smells, and distractions of the Rue St. Jersey no longer present. I bee-lined for the air-mattress in the corner, hoping I'd be able to find sleep before the memories took me to a point where sleep was not attainable. I closed my eyes and began to hum, hoping it would occupy my mind just enough.

I shrugged out of my jacket, letting it fall to the floor.

"Enjoying the night life Paris has to offer?"

I spun around, striking a defensive stance.

A shadow stepped out of the darkness in the bathroom. "Miss Dawson." He stepped into the light casting dawn into my room and bowed his head. I recognized him immediately. Hector-a council member serving with Charles, a country back and a lifetime ago. William told me he'd once been a great gladiator back in the Roman times and had he not been in the modern single-button suit, he looked just as I'd imagined a gladiator would. Short, stocky, cleft-chin, and eyes that had partaken in countless deaths.

"How did you find me? Why are you here?" I whispered, my panic making my voice come out in gasps. My thoughts took a dark turn. "Is William alright?"

He crossed his arms, resting his back on the wall behind him. "Charles found you, I simply got on the plane and cab to get here," he said, eyeing my apartment like he wished he could have been anywhere but "here." "I'm here to remind you of something," he continued, counting off my questions on his fingers, before staring through me. "And I believe you lost your privilege of knowing how William is the day you walked away."

His words penetrated my shell of anesthesia, stabbing my heart with a blunt knife. He was right, though. I'd lost the right to say his name aloud-let alone know how he was doing-the day I'd brought him a within a foot of death.

"Charles knows where I am?" I asked, looking out the window. I should have known he would, with his ability to locate any Immortal in the world, but the hate I'd seen in his eyes in the clearing had said he never cared to see me again, let alone keep tabs on me.

"Of course he does," Hector answered. "Do you really think a Chancellor would let an Immortal who was capable of what you are-alone in the world-off his radar?"

It didn't seem like he expected an answer from me, so I asked another question "What are you here to remind me of?"

There could be about a hundred things I suppose, but I wasn't sure which one was the most offensive in their eyes at this juncture.

"You made quite a scene at that lovely place you are gainfully employed at." He smiled, although it was not meant to be friendly.

"You heard about that already?" Twelve hours hadn't passed yet. William had been right when he said Immortals were everywhere.

"Did you really assume we wouldn't? Or that we'd do nothing?"

To be honest, I hadn't even thought about it yet.

He continued as my silence dragged on, perhaps not interested in my responses or excuses "May I remind you that being on your own is a luxury we've turned a blind eye on? After everything that happened"-his eyes held the reminders of the past-"we felt it would be best for you to be on your own, but after your public display of bone-crushing strength"-he smiled, this one for real-"we felt the need to intervene."

"It appears the Council's idea of intervening is breaking into a woman's apartment and scaring the dickens out of her."

"If that's what it takes."

"Consider your message delivered," I said, trying not to think about the home he'd be returning to. "I know the importance of our anonymity. It won't happen again."

He studied me until he looked convinced. "One more thing. You'll have to complete your strength training, as well as go through talent training."

"How's that going to happen when the Alliance I'm a member of is half a world away? Are you expecting me to move back?" I wasn't trying to be difficult; I just didn't understand.

"And leave all this?" His voice was sarcastic as his eyes circled my apartment.

I crossed my arms and smirked in response.

"No need to change your present address. Given your strength instructor just so happens to be a Teleporter, Patrick will be able to complete both phases of your training without causing too much inconvenience to either of you."

Obviously he hadn't heard about Patrick's and my last conversation and how he'd said he never wanted to see me again. I don't think Patrick could have been any more inconvenienced had he been blindfolded and had his arms tied behind his back for the rest of eternity.

"Our Alliance tends to be more laid-back and had you been any other Immortal on your own, we wouldn't have insisted the training be completed. But given your powerful gift, we feel that training is of the highest priority."

I cleared my throat, wanting to ask if there'd been any retaliation from John's Alliance due to a member of ours-namely, ME-killing one of theirs. "When will I be starting back up?" I asked, trying to distract myself.

"Approximately one week," he answered, looking chagrined. "Since Patrick is still not aware of this recent development, it may take a little coaxing and time before he's ready to play teacher to you again."

So Hector was aware of the biting words Patrick and I'd exchanged.

"But a week at the latest." He pushed off the wall and headed towards the door.

"I'm sorry I've caused so much trouble for everyone," I whispered, not sure why I was apologizing to him-someone I'd never spoken with before-just needing to apologize to someone. "I'm trying to be better-to not make such a mess of things."

He stopped in the doorway, not turning back to me. "A good friend of mine once told me that trying was the opposite of doing. He told me this when faced with an impossible mission. One that would consume decades of his life, one that would set him against his family and friends, and one that would likely never result in his desired outcome."

I looked off to the side, letting his words absorb.

"This friend, as if fighting fate itself, somehow managed to achieve his mission." He turned his head back and I could feel his eyes penetrating into me. "Don't try to be a better Immortal, be a better Immortal."

I cleared my throat and nodded, knowing he was right. Trying was just that: trying. I'd had my share of trying-with little success-it was time to do. "Whatever happened to your friend?"

"You should know," he said, when my eyes met his. "The friend I speak of is William."

I wouldn't have been more surprised if he'd just named Marcus Aurelius. Of course the impossible mission should have rung a chime-the shunning of family and friends, a decades-long search-but hearing Hector speak with such respect of William and knowing I was the one responsible for upending his happy ending made me want to ignite that deadly power on myself.

"Could you tell them hello for me?" I couldn't imagine how ridiculous it would sound to the Haywards to hear Hector's message of hello from me, but not having the strength to relay anything else, this would have to do.

Lifting the collar of his suit, Hector turned his head away from me. "With everything that's happened, I really don't think that would be a good idea. For your sake ... for their sake, try to forget them."

I exhaled through my nose. "'Try?'" I quoted back to him. "Don't you mean, 'forget about them?'"

"Patrick was right." I heard the amusement in his voice as he started down the stairs. "You are a quick learner."

CHAPTER NINE

OLD FRIEND

"I'll take a cosmo," the geek-meets-chic guy leaning across the bar ordered, yelling above the music that was raging somehow louder than last night. It was Friday and Mikey had warned me the weekends were busy, but we must have a different meaning for the term "busy." Mine was a steady flow of customers ordering drinks, adding to my apartment rent. His was bodies sardined to bursting, stacked on top of the shoulders of whoever was willing to oblige.

"Mikey," I shouted over at him. "What's a cosmo?"

He thrust the shot glasses at a couple of customers, snatching up their money, and marched over. He stared down the man I was helping. "You want a drink that's more fruit than liquor, you get the hell out of my bar."

My mouth dropped.

"We got whiskey, we got vodka," Mikey snapped, counting off on his fingers. "We got tequila and we got beer." He lunged at the guy who was adjusting his expensive-looking glasses that I doubted had a prescription in the lenses and laughed. "Now, sissy-boy, pick your poison."

"I'll just have some water," glasses boy replied, his voice cracking.

The look that broke out on Mikey's face made it seem he was experiencing a coronary. "Get the hell out of my bar. You're a disgrace to the male species."

To my surprise, "sissy-boy" turned and left, not another word or a single protest.

Despite his vulgarity, shallowness, and the fact he was a couple sandwiches short of a picnic, I wished I could take command of my life and tell all the annoyances to bug off like Mikey did.

Mikey turned to me, his face a tomb of grave. "Listen here, California. I know you're new here, but don't riddle me with any more questions about what we serve." He stared me in the eyes. "Whiskey, vodka, tequila, beer." He pushed off the bar and pointed at a row of girls in boobilicious tops. "Capiche?"

No room for confusion-I liked that. "Capiche," I answered as he made his way to the beer taps.

I heard Mikey curse something in Italian and found him covered in a froth-like substance. "Hey California, the keg blew," he said, reaching for a dishtowel to wipe his face. "Go roll me out another one?"

"I'll be back in a jiff." I ducked under the bar and shoved through the crowd, no measure of politeness possible if I wanted to get to the storage room in the next week.

I felt like a pin-ball being slapped, bounced, and thrown through the crowd, but was making steady progress. It would have been so much easier to use the strength I knew I possessed to cut through the crowd, but having promised Hector last night I would be a better Immortal (no more measly trying), I suffered through.

I had a few more bodies to shuffle through before I could get into Mikey's liquor cache-as impressive as an exhibit at the Smithsonian-when a man swerved in front of me without warning, causing me to run smack into him.

"Excuse me," I said, dodging to the right of him.

He lunged right with me, blocking my path again. "You're anything but excused." He eyed me in a way that made my skin crawl. He wasn't a large man-I probably could have held my own against him when Mortal-but there was a cockiness in his eyes that was intimidating and a confidence in his stance that gave him his power.

"Nice line." I narrowed my eyes and rolled to the left.

I felt his hand barely grip the flesh of my right butt-cheek before it was promptly removed.

The man squealed with pain.

"Keep your ham-hocks off her," a familiar voice shouted, but I couldn't place it given it being out-of-context in this dive on the bad side of Paris. I spun around to find a face I never thought I'd see again. Saying goodbye to him that day in Corvallis, begging him not to tell anyone that I was still alive, I thought it had been the most final kind of goodbye.

Paul had the man's arm twisted behind his back. "Say you're sorry," he ordered.

The man, who was breaking out in a sweat, did as commanded "I'm sorry."

"Good boy," Paul snarled, shoving him away from us. "Now get out of here, tete-mairde," he yelled as the man scurried through the crowd, making for the exit.

His dimples set as he shrugged. "Pardon my French."

"Paul!" I yelled, throwing my arms around his neck. "What in the world are you doing here?"

His dimples drilled deeper. "I could ask you the same thing."

"I'm dead, remember?" I said, winking. "You're the responsible one with a meal ticket to the front of the line."

"Oh, yeah. I forgot about that one little thing." He eyed me head to toe, rubbing his chin. "I got to say though, you make dead look mighty fine."

I elbowed him. "Come on, tell me what you're doing here. I wouldn't have taken this place for your kind of scene."

His eyes roamed the room, his nose curling. "I took the quarter off to backpack through Europe and, back at the hostel I was staying, this one guy I'm staying with came back last night talking about some hot American minx. This girl-he claimed-had eyes that a man could find meaning in and a body that would make him sell his soul."

My eyes narrowed, having no idea how this story was explaining how he'd ended up here tonight.

"Since there are maybe three girls in the world that fit that description, I figured I better come check it out to see if the minx he was talking about was you."

"You take a lot of hits to the head playing basketball?"

"You ever look in a mirror?" he asked, mimicking the tone I'd just used on him.

"I try not to," I said, looking away.

A chanting that had started as a dull roar was growing to the point the plastic beads hanging in the doorways were rattling. Whether chanted in French or English, the word was as loud as it was demanding. "Beer! Beer! Beer!" the masses hollered, pummeling their empty pints against the bar, wall, or whatever flat surface they could assault.

Paul looked into the crowd as if they were a brood of hyenas-thirsty hyenas.

"There's going to be a revolution if I don't get the keg restocked," I said, slamming the stockroom door the way Mikey had shown me. He didn't keep it locked, but the door was impossible to open with a simple twist of the handle. As if requiring a secret knock, you had to slam your shoulder in just the right spot on one side while kicking the opposite side with your foot. The door broke open and I stumbled in, sprinting to the stack of kegs in the back corner as if lives depended on it.

I bent down, prepared to hoist it over my shoulder, when Paul rolled a cart up behind me and the one-hundred-and-fifty-plus pound keg I was planning to shoulder one-handed. That wouldn't have raised any eyebrows.

It seemed I blended in as well in the Mortal world as I had in the Immortal.

"Don't be crazy," Paul scolded, stepping in to grab the keg. "I'll get it." He lifted the keg onto the cart, his face showing the effort expended. Out in the dark, flashing-strobe room, I hadn't noticed, but cast in the flood of overhead lights, Paul looked different. Thinner, paler, and ... sickly. Six months ago he could have tossed that keg onto the cart with the ease of tossing a beanbag. Something was wrong, that was apparent from his breathing coming out in quick bursts to the way he wouldn't look me in the eyes.

The chanting jacked up two decibels and I imagined Mikey and Tracy being strung up and stoned if the masses didn't get their beer. "I've got to get out there," I said, sticking up a mental post-it to ask Paul what was going on when the first opportunity arose.

I wheeled through the crowd and the sea of bodies parted like the Red Sea. Did I imagine them bowing their heads as the keg sailed past them?

"It's about flippin' time," Mikey shouted. "Were you busy getting busy or something?" He grabbed the cart from me and commenced hooking it up, not looking back for an answer.

Paul shouldered in between a few ladies sporting dresses that had more tricks than the hookers walking the streets outside. One angled towards him, adjusting her assets so they were brushing his shoulder. The other pretended a trip, falling into his arms. I couldn't contain my smile; leave it to Paul to attract any and every warm blooded woman within a two-block radius.

He righted the fallen damsel, flashing his trademark smile before looking at me, ignoring the women on either side of him who threw him disgusted looks before sharking through the waters looking for their next piece of prey.

"What time are you off?" he asked, having to yell over the cheers of customers gripping full glasses of beer.

"When the last person leaves."

Paul scanned the room. "Could be awhile."

"That and more."

He nodded. "I'll hang out and wait. I want to catch up with you."

"Can I get you something to drink while you wait?" I asked. "It's on me."

"I'll take some water," he said. I glanced over at Mikey to make sure he hadn't heard.

I leaned in, trying to whisper. "You don't want to know what happened to the last guy that ordered water," I said, winking.

Paul's smile grew. He wrapped his hand around my arm as he leaned the remaining distance between us, until his mouth was against my ear. "I'll take whatever you throw my way."

I leaned back, careful to keep my face in check. Paul's and my relationship had always walked a line that was so thin it was invisible. It seemed whenever I gave him more than a cold shoulder, he mistook it for flirting. Trouble was, I didn't want to give Paul the cold shoulder anymore, I wanted a friend. I needed a friend, but I'd have to figure out a way to tell him I wanted nothing more than a friendship with him ... again.

I drew a pint of beer from the fresh keg and dropped it in front of him. "Let me know if I can get you anything else." I pointed with my eyes at the next customer, cursing myself for saying something that could hold a double-meaning. Knowing Paul, he'd already misinterpreted to his liking.

CHAPTER TEN

AU REVOIR

"This the guy you were dancing a little tongue tango with earlier?" Mikey eyed Paul, who'd stayed planted to the bar, waiting for me the past six hours.

"Sorry we kept you waiting," Paul answered for me, exchanging one of those looks only guys could interpret with Mikey.

Mikey chuckled and handed me my tips for the night. "Go, California. Although the next time you decide to take a make-out break, could you please check to make sure I'm not about to be crucified to the rafters?"

I pocketed the money and threw him a warning look.

"You kids have fun. But not too much," Mikey ordered. "Your next shift starts in fifteen hours and if you thought Friday night was busy, just wait until you experience a Saturday."

I pulled on my jacket and motioned Paul towards the exit; eager to get out of the Rue St. Jersey before Mikey insisted I stay behind to clean the floors that were scattered with piles of substances I didn't care to identify.

When Paul and I shoved through the exit, we both sucked in a long breath.

"I don't know how you do it," he said, sucking in another one. "I found myself gagging a few dozen times in there."

"I don't breath," I answered, not sure what to say or do with Paul now I had him alone.

"Wished you would have instructed me to do the same," he said, clearing his throat twice. "I think that place just sucked twenty years out of my lungs."

I laughed and was bending my arm to elbow him when I thought better of it. If my words could be misconstrued by Paul, a touch would no doubt as well.

"Are you staying at a hostel close by?" I asked, as we wove our way through the maze of alleys, littered with dumpsters overflowing with bottles and reeking trash.

"It's a few miles away. I took the bus here."

"You're probably exhausted," I said, trying to sound casual, taking a sideways look at Paul. He'd lost a good thirty pounds and his shoulders hunched as he walked. "Do you want to go back and sleep for awhile and then we can meet up later?"

"No, no. I'm good. I want to walk you home-there's no way I'm letting you on your own in this area." As if proving his point, we heard a gun shot go off. "Besides, I believe you owe me a game of tongue tango since that's what Mikey accused us of doing when I was saving your butt from Euro-trash." His eyebrows danced and his eyes pointed at my backside. "Quite literally."

I couldn't help it, this time I had to touch him. I pushed him, not thinking I'd exerted a significant amount of force, but Paul stumbled to the side.

He caught himself, shoved his hands in his pockets, and stared forward. "You also owe me some explanations."

I'd known this was coming, although it would have been nice if we could have just picked up where we left off, no questions asked. "What's number one on the list?" I asked, not wanting to delay the inevitable.

"I should probably ask you what you're doing here first, but my male ego that is dying to say 'I told you so' has to know what happened to him."

I stumbled, but caught myself before crashing to the ground, thrown by his to-the-point question and the way it had hit me with the impact of a million memories rushing through my mind.

Paul caught my elbow and adjusted me up. "That bad, huh?" There was regret in his voice. "You don't have to answer that-"

"I left," I whispered, interrupting him.

"You left him?" His voice sounded incredulous, exactly how I would have sounded if a girl like me had told me she'd left a man like William.

"I know, you didn't see that one coming, right?"

"No, I didn't," he said, as we rounded out of the alley onto the streets lit with nothing more than the glowing of cigarettes. "You had it bad for him the last time I saw you in the diner. You had that look in your eyes that said it was all over."

Paul must not have taken a good look in my eyes tonight if he thought the same look wasn't there. If anything, I had it even worse for William. Absence truly made the heart grow fonder in my case, but since my absence from him would never end, would the ache in my heart bloat to the point of bursting?

"I wasn't right for him," I said, for the first time verbalizing the truth. "He deserves better."

Paul's mouth fell open. "That is the biggest load of crap I'd heard from you yet."

It was my turn for my mouth to fall open. "Excuse me?"

"You've either got a warped sense of self, are a woe-is-me type of girl, or are just downright mentally ill if you believe him, or any man for that matter, deserves better than you." He kicked a can in our path, sending it sailing into the park I cut through to get back to my apartment.

I didn't respond, not sure what to say. He picked up his pace so I was a step behind him. As we passed through the park's entrance, there was a row of prostitutes on either side, two deep, hoping for one more transaction before dawn.

One of them ran her hand over Paul's stomach in passing. "Hey baby, I got something you can do with all that pent-up anger." The inflection in her voice was as dirty as the deed she was advocating, but Paul paid her no attention.

I caught up to him and lengthened my step to keep stride. "My vote's for the mentally ill theory," I said. No sane person would have left William, travelled to Paris for no reason more than a pointed finger at a departure board, and ended up employed in the skuzziest haunt in the free world.

Depleted from just one of his questions, I decided to shift the conversation. "So what did everyone have to say when you told them you'd be spending the quarter in Europe?"

I looked at him from the corner of my eyes, reading his reaction from my turn in conversation.

"Okay, so I get a question and answer and you get a question and answer, so on and so forth until the questions run out," he commanded, his voice back to normal. "Agreed?"

"Agreed."

"It was kind of a last minute decision to do this whole see the world thing," he began, sounding guarded. "I never knew my mom-she left when I was one-so that was one less person to tell."

"I didn't know that." I hooked my arm under his and gave his forearm a squeeze. "I'm sorry."

He shrugged his shoulders. "My dad's an officer in the Marines and deployed nine months of the year-more if he can help it-so he didn't care if I was at OSU or in Timbuktu."

I hadn't known that either-some friend I was. I knew little, if anything, of the important things that made up Paul's life. It was like meeting someone for the first time.

"Coach was upset at first, but he got over it once he learned I wouldn't be much of an asset to the team. Didn't even call to wish me a safe trip," he finished, sounding bitter.

My eyes squeezed from my confusion. Having been the Captain last year and with the rumors of making the big-times, it didn't make sense that his basketball coach wouldn't want him playing every second of every game. Something was definitely wrong.

"So I answered your question." He stopped and turned to me. "My turn again."

I tried to warn him with the look on my face that William was off limits. He didn't catch my drift.

"So where is the SOB?"

"I don't know," I sighed, trying not to think about it. "Why?"

"Because I want to slug him in the face as hard as I can since you didn't let me have the pleasure last time."

"That's mature," I scolded at the exact time I sensed something out of place. I froze my body and mind, allowing nothing but instinct to have control of me.

"We need to keep moving," I ordered, steering him forward by his elbow. A moment later, I heard the tread of expensive-soled shoes crash into the concrete path behind us.

"Run!" I yelled, pushing him. "I'll catch up."

I spun around, preparing for whatever was coming.

"Run?" A silky voice came from the man standing in front of me, his outline a stark contrast from the light ghosting around him from the early morning fog. "Don't you mean courir or couru or cour-something. I was never very good at conjugating my French verbs."

Two more shadows came up on either side of him, leaving nothing to interpretation as to why they were here and who'd sent them.

"It took us awhile to find you, but John is as persistent as he is vengeful. It was only a matter of time."

I didn't recognize the voice, but the words and tone were a carbon-copy of the other associates I'd had dealings with from John's Alliance.

Paul took a step in front of me, pushing me behind him. "Someone mind telling me what the hell is going on here?" he ordered, reaching for something in his pocket. "Because I'm about to unleash a serious case of ass-whooping."

I pushed him aside, perturbed he hadn't run as instructed. Paul had no idea what he was dealing with here, nor was he as sturdy as the four Immortals around him. "Get back. You have no clue what's going on."

"And you do?"

"Unfortunately."

One of the men chuckled. "You consider this a trade-up in security? Going from the vigilant Haywards to this weakling with nothing more than empty threats?"

"Alright, ass-whooping commencing." I rammed my hand into Paul's chest, stopping his advance. He looked at me with the same wide-eyed speculation he had in the diner when I'd stopped his charge at William like he were as ferocious as a charging lamb.

"Losing one man wasn't enough for John?" I said, trying to keep my voice even. "He sent a few more to share his fate?"

"John's well aware that he might not be able to finish you off ... yet," the man in the center said, his teeth gleaming in the moonlight "But he can destroy those around you-those you care about," he said, eyeing Paul.

I pulled my shoulders back. "That ought to make your jobs easy since I care for no one but yours truly," I said, hoping he wouldn't call my bluff.

"Liar,"-his lips pursed around the word-"you care for everyone but yourself. Which will make our jobs so long and so very enjoyable."

I felt a growl trying to erupt from deep within, as if the knowledge that John would settle for the lives of those I cared about since he couldn't have mine brought out sheer animal instinct.

The three men crept forward, two skirting around the sides to attack us from different angles.

"Each of you will die before you set one finger on him," I warned, wanting to wrap Paul up in a bubble of protection-not just from these men, but from me as well. I'd inflicted worse damage on those I cared for than those I'd meant to damage the last time I'd been in a hand-to-hand brawl.

I heard a whoosh come from above us and my eyes shot skyward in time to see the tree branch reverberating from the body that had just catapulted from it.

"Boo," a voice whispered from behind, flowing over my neck.

I spun around to another whoosh and a blur of light, Paul no longer behind me.

"Paul!" I yelled, my eyes bouncing between Paul and the fourth man who had him in a choke hold a hundred meters down the path.

"Rule number twelve from the first week of strength training," the man clutching Paul directed at me. "Always expect the unexpected."

"Get your hands off of him," I ordered, crouching, preparing, praying I could cross the distance faster than the man could snap Paul's neck. The slightest muscle flex could end Paul's life, leaving another dead body in my wake.

"The first of many to come," the man said, bowing Paul's neck back. "Say au revoir, mon cherie."

"No!" I screamed, my eyes wild as I looked into Paul's, knowing they'd be lifeless in the next instant.

As if my scream had ordered it, a specter rushed down upon them, like an angel being thrown from the heavens. The man holding Paul was smashed to the ground from the force of the man wearing a dark ski-mask. The fallen man didn't have a chance to move before the masked-man picked him up and tossed him into the side of a tunnel. The wall shattered, crumbling basket-ball sized chunks of concrete on the man, burying him in a heap of rubble.

Three sets of footsteps broke into a run behind me. Assured Paul was safe-for the moment-I turned to the three barreling at me, feeling the stirrings of anger and revenge taking over. I didn't care that I'd sworn to never take another being's life-no matter the reason-I only cared about stopping these three men from escaping to carry out their missions of brutalizing those I loved.

I realized that even if these three men were out of the picture, there'd be others-countless others-but I didn't care. I had to do what I could with what I had right now.

The men were closing in on me and I was welcoming them with outstretched arms, feeling that dark energy sparking across my skin like a live wire, when the masked man leapt in front of me, as noiseless as gravity. His grace of motion was familiar.

He threw a piece of the broken tunnel at the man in the center. It sent him backwards, crashing into a park bench and splintering it.

The masked man glanced back at me, as if ascertaining my position, and moved to put himself directly in front of me as the remaining two descended upon us. The one on the left targeted the masked man, the other coming for me. The masked man drove his palm into the chest of the man barreling into him before spinning to the one coming at me. I was able, and eager, to have a piece of this man sent from John to upend my world, but our nameless ally seemed intent that I wasn't going to be touched by anyone tonight.

His fist connected with the man's jaw, delivered with the kind of power and precision that sent the man's body spinning backwards. He hit the ground face-first, the rest of his body crumbling in an unnatural position over the asphalt. He wasn't going to be getting up anytime soon-or at least until the sun had risen.

The man who'd taken the palm to the chest was back, coming at the masked man from behind.

I noticed him as he was inches away from wrapping his arms around him. "Behind you!"

At my warning, he glanced over at me, still as a statue. John's man was inches from smashing into him when he threw his head back, crushing the charging man's face. It sent him to the ground, where he gripped his skull as if experiencing an aneurism. The masked man turned slowly, purposefully, like he was savoring his next move. He knelt down beside the man and whispered something so quietly into his ear I couldn't hear. He stood up, looking down at him like he was a bottom feeder.

"You're next," the man whispered, his teeth clenching from the pain. He looked at me, his eyes crossed and saliva dripping from his mouth. "She's last."

The air stirred as the masked man's movements blurred. As if he'd been launched from a cannon, John's man sailed two hundred feet away from us, careening into the ground. He created a school bus-sized crater.

"Wait!" I shouted at the masked man retreating into the shadows. For no reason I could explain, my heart felt like it would break all over again.

His shoulders stiffened before he took another step forward. He stalled mid-step-as if thinking the better of it-before turning to me like the weight of the world was pushing against him.

Despite the distance between us, the eyes that stared into mine glowed in their color-their pale blue color. There were countless Immortals inhabiting the world with the same colored eyes, but the emotion only his could hold had me ringing my arms around myself in attempt to keep from running to him.

"William," I whispered, letting everything I wanted to say-I needed to say-fill the air.

His eyes dropped, then closed, before he blurred into the park, away from me, leaving me with nothing more than the understanding of what it felt like to be left behind.

"Alright, I've got about a million more questions for you," Paul shouted, brushing off his jeans as he marched towards me.

I stared at the spot William had disappeared, trying to will him back, but the fog swirling through the trees was the only thing that came at me.

"Yoo-hoo,"-he snapped his fingers-"Earth to Bryn."

I blinked, turning to Paul. "Are you alright?"

"I think so," he said, patting his body up and down. "How about you?"

I was anything but fine, but knowing he wasn't referring to my emotional or mental state, I answered, "I'm amazing."

He put his hand on my shoulder and shook me. "Since you seem to know the man who just tried to kill me,"-he laughed a high-pitched note-"mind telling me who they are and how in the world you know them? And maybe what they wanted, why they were Clark Kent fast and strong,"-his voice and eyebrows elevated-"and who the heck the hero behind the mask was? Is he on our side?"

"I don't know," I whispered, remembering how he'd turned his back and left me behind.

A body of one of the fallen men stirred.

"We've got to get out of here," I said, grabbing Paul's arm and pulling him along, wondering if the Council would forgive me for doing my Guardian duty of protecting him if I picked him up and ran at my Immortal pace.

I doubted it-I'd used up my share of warnings ten ago.

Sensing my urgency, Paul burst into a run, but his pace was uneven. I eyed his left leg he was favoring.

He noted my gaze. "It's nothing an icepack and a few Advil can't fix."

I didn't have time to stop and inspect it, so I took his word. I knew the four men could be recovering and assembling their hunt right now. At this Mortal pace, they could overtake us before we'd made it out of the park.

We broke through the park, spilling onto the quietest road I'd come across in the red light district. Save for a few rats scrounging through the road and a vagrant propped against a building, we were alone.

My eyes found what I needed a block down. "Come on," I said, leading him towards the motorcycle shining like a beacon beneath the sole working streetlamp on the block-as if it'd been placed there for us to find.

"You're a biker chic now?" Paul asked, sounding winded behind me.

"Yep," I answered, hoping Patrick's instruction on how to hot-wire a motorcycle (he'd demonstrated on a Harley) would crossover to its European brethren, a steel-gray BMW ... Bavarian Motor Works, my car-enthusiast mind rattled off automatically. Bavaria ... Germany-I knew where the next dot on the map was for me.

"Since when?"

I kneeled down and pulled a few wires free of the undercarriage, crossing and tying them the way I'd been shown. When I'd asked Patrick why Immortal training consisted of Motorcycle Hotwiring 101, he'd said, "You never know what kind of a pickle you might find yourself in."

Back then, I couldn't have imagined a "pickle" big enough it would require this kind of knowledge, but low and behold, here I was sparking the red wire with the black ... just call me the great pickle finder. "Since now," I answered, squeezing the gears and my eyes at the same time. Please, please please, I thought Give my bad luck a break.

The engine roared to life, growling like a panther. "Thank you," I breathed, thrusting the helmet at Paul whose mouth had hit the ground. "Get on."

"You mind telling me where you learned a thing like that?" He slid the helmet on while I straddled the seat, eager to put some distance between us and Paris.

"Jail," I said, knowing he was thinking it. "You have a problem with that?"

"No problem at all." He climbed on the bike and pressed up against my back. I could feel his heart pummeling through his shirt as he gripped my hips. He slid his mouth just outside my ear. "I happen to have a thing for foxy felons who know how to hotwire a bike."

I shook my head and muffled my laugh. "Any problem with me driving?"

His laugh of response was low. "I like a woman that takes control, too."

I eased off on the throttle and gave the bike gas, setting it loose on the streets I knew I'd never see again-I had no problem with that.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

GERMANY

Germany was everything and nothing I expected it to be. Everything because of the scenery that seemed transplanted from a fairy-tale, and nothing because the one I'd envisioned sharing the country with wasn't at my side.

Eight hours, two pit-stops, three shots of espresso apiece, and an endless stream of question from Paul later, we were passing through Munich, heading towards the address of one of the seven residences William had around the world he'd forced me to memorize in case of an emergency. Reclining in his arms as we sat in the center of a wheat field in a downpour, repeating the addresses back to him, I'd known there would be emergencies that would come. I'd just thought he'd be the one fleeing with me.

"Would it be too much to ask how much longer I'm going to be stuck to this thing?" Paul hollered, sounding perturbed. "I'm going to be walking like a cowboy for a week after straddling this thing so long."

"Not long," I said, the first answer I'd given to his questions since escaping Paris. Question after question had poured from his mouth, answered with a shake of my head and the acceleration of the bike.

Paul had every right to know what was going on in my eyes, but he didn't according to the world of Immortals. The past five hundred miles I'd been constructing answers and explanations that would suffice him just enough, without letting him in on the treacheries of the clandestine world I was a part of. I'd bought time by telling him I needed a hot cup of coffee and an even hotter shower, and then he could hold me prisoner until I answered every last question to his satisfaction. He'd asked if holding me prisoner included handcuffs, to which I responded with an elbow to his ribs.

I was hoping he'd forget my promise.

"Hallelujah," he said, his tone mocking. "The shell of evasiveness is cracking."

"I wouldn't press your luck."

I heard the smile in his voice. "I always do."

This, I was aware of.

I slowed the bike as we approached the rural road veering to the left, not because I couldn't read what was carved into the wood plank hanging from a wrought-iron post, but because I didn't know how to proceed. My heart was telling me to punch the gas and get to whatever home and whoever might have been within it the Hayward Haus sign led to, but my mind was telling me to turn around and not risk what I'd find waiting for me there.

My heart and mind battled, throwing jabs and arguments at each other, until they came to an agreement: we'd follow the road to the house and if it there was so much as a hint that someone was within, we'd turn around and move on to Plan B (although there was no Plan B at this juncture).

"Are we there?" Paul asked as I coaxed the bike up the road, identifying it as a Hayward residence from the potholes lining the road like two lines of lights leading an airplane into landing.

"Yeah," I said. "I think so."

"Sweet, the Alps. I had it on my itinerary to hit the Swiss Alps, but the German will work," he said, sounding as if all the chaos of the past twelve hours had been erased from his mind. "I wonder if there's enough snow yet to get a little boarding in."

The road switch-backed several times and the bike groaned over the steep grade. "I'm not sure. This is my first time here." What a fantasy world I'd been living in when I thought my first trip to Germany-to William's chalet-would be on our honeymoon.

"So is this someone's place you know or are you planning on committing a little breaking and entering?" he asked, pinching at my side.

"It's an acquaintance's of mine." Friend was the wrong word, fiance was a wish forlorn, and boyfriend had never been the right word for all William meant to me, but acquaintance sounded positively cringe-worthy.

"And this acquaintance of yours knows we'll be borrowing their place?"

I stalled, biting my lip.

He huffed, knowing I was up to more trouble.

"He wouldn't mind if he knew," I explained, encouraging the bike around one more switchback that revealed a stretch of road that looked as if it were graded at a ninety-degree angle. If nothing else, the trek up the road would discourage any Mortal, and-judging from the way I was exerting myself-half the Immortals, from going any farther.

"He?" Paul repeated.

Immature boy. Leave it to him to bristle at the fact we were heading towards the place of a man I knew. He could jump to whatever conclusions he wanted, there was no way I was telling him it was William's.

The road leveled out without warning, causing me to stall the bike. Had it not been for the sudden change in elevation, I would have stalled it anyways because staring back at me was William's chalet, just as I'd imagined.

Tucked into a hillside at the edge of a cliff, the chalet reminded me of a gingerbread house that had a masculine touch. The intricate scalloping and designs carved out of the shutters could have only been constructed by the hands of a master of his craft-a master who'd had generations to perfect. Whether William was here or not in physical form, some piece of him was carved into every inch of the house.

Paul whistled and heaved off the bike. "Some acquaintance."

I kicked the stand down before sliding off the bike, not able to take my eyes from the place where, in a different world, I would have visited as Mrs. William Hayward. My heart began to ache in a way I was familiar with-a way I knew, if it progressed, I would soon become useless, so I distracted myself by surveying the area for any signs of life.

No smoke spilling from the stone chimney, no shoes waiting outside the Dutch doors, no shadows ghosting past the beveled windows.

"You have a key?" Paul asked, stretching his arms over his head. "Or will a rock through the window serve as our means of entry?"

I reached for the inside pocket of my weathered leather jacket, searching for the ring that held seven keys that William had hidden there weeks ago. I pulled them out and dangled them in front of Paul's face before striding towards the front door. "Wait here for a second," I instructed when I heard Paul's feet crunching over the gravel. "I need to turn the security system off."

There was no security system, but I needed to enter it and walk through the rooms and halls alone. I needed my first experience of William's home to be alone so I could give my emotions free rein to do what they needed so I could put on a mask of composure for Paul.

My hand shook as I turned the lock over and the rest of my body was shaking by the time I stepped foot inside. Nothing but the sound of the coo-coo clock down the hall was present. His scent, faint as it was from however long his absence had been, still permeated the air. I closed my eyes and took in a breath, wondering if I could spend the rest of my life doing this, knowing I'd be content if I could be with him no other way than this.

Reminding myself that Paul was waiting, I opened my eyes and glided down the hall, gazing at the pictures that were decorating the walls as the family's house in Pacific City had been. His face-somber in some, smiling in most-filled me with happiness, although I'd not expected this emotion. I'd prepared myself for anguish, gut-wrenching pain at the very least, traversing through his home, but neither were present, giving me my first break I'd had of them in weeks.

The hall opened into a great room, a wall of windows showcasing the snow-dusted alps as the sun fell into them, painting the sky every shade of pink ranging from magenta to petal. I noticed the landscape for all of a second before my eyes were drawn to a mountain of newspapers sitting in the center of the room, one spread open where an article had been torn from it.

I came closer, my stomach twisting when I saw the name of the paper in the corner: The Santa Cruz Sentinel. The date was a couple years back and the missing article was the one featuring my state conference win in tennis. This is where William had found me-on his living room floor in the German Alps. Shakespeare would have been hard-pressed to create a more romantic notion.

A coffee cup, the liquid evaporated, but the dark rings telling that the liquid had been left in it, and a sesame bagel-no doubt buttered at one time, as was his favorite breakfast-were spread out over the carpet.

I let my imagination carry me back to the day he'd been here last, seeing him roaming from the kitchen to the living room, wearing his scrub bottoms and nothing on top, propping an elbow underneath him on the floor, taking a bite of his breakfast as he thumbed through the first paper on the stack. The image of him was so real I felt my hand reaching out, wanting to touch him, to feel his heart when he saw my picture staring back at him-waiting for him to come and save me from my life.

Only to have me tear his apart.

There was a tap on the door. "Everything alright in there, Bryn?"

The image of William spread on the floor before me hazed away. "Give me another sec," I called out, rushing to the petrified picnic on the carpet. I grabbed up the dishes, along with the copy of the Sentinel, before racing into the kitchen and tucking them into the first cabinet I opened. Could I have tossed the months old bagel in the garbage? Yeah. Should I have? Absolutely. But there was some crazy part of me that couldn't throw another piece of him away.

I peeked out the window above the sink to make sure Paul was staying put on the porch before dodging through the rest of the house, pulling down and collecting any of the framed photos that showed William. I wanted to stop and stare at each one, for at least an hour or two, but I could do that later. I left the rest of the photos out; Paul wouldn't recognize any of the other Haywards.

I entered the first bedroom down the hall and slid the pictures underneath the bed, where Paul wouldn't find them since I was claiming this as my room and, despite what Paul might hope or imagine happening, there was no way he'd be allowed in my room under any condition.

"Alright," I yelled, closing the bedroom door behind me. "Come on in."

"Ready or not, here I come," Paul said, stepping through the entry. "Wow, this is some place."

"Yeah, it will work, right?" I crossed my arms and leaned up against the wall.

"It will work?" he repeated, looking at me if I'd lost my mind. "Do you know how much you'd have to pay to stay in a place like this in such a primo location?"

"I don't have a clue."

"Well I do and let's just say it would deplete my rainy day fund in about three and a half hours."

"Must be some fund," I teased, remembering the money from my second and last night at the Rue St. Jersey. At least we'd have a meager buffer before I had to go out and figure out how to scrounge up some more.

"Well, baling hay for a couple months in the summer doesn't exactly pay five bills a shift." He looked at me with mock accusation. "Although since it didn't require any leather-pant-wearing-coy-smiling-batting-my-lashes skill sets, I suppose that explains why."

"I forgot how obnoxious you could be." I smiled, casually browsing the pictures on the walls, ensuring there were none left with William in them. I don't know what Paul would have done if he found out the place was William's-although I expected a reaction stronger than displeasure and slighter than outrage-but I didn't want the added stress of worrying about it. There was enough that needed explaining already.

"So why don't you go take that hot shower," Paul instructed, as if reading my mind. "I'll make you a cup of coffee and then I'll join you."

"I also forgot how delusional you could be," I hollered over my shoulder as I turned to walk down the hall.

"And I forgot how much of a tease you could be."

"I take my coffee dark and strong."

Paul laughed. "The opposite of how you prefer your men."

"Ha, ha," I said, slamming the bathroom door, hoping the water and steam could wash away so much more than sediment.

The reminders of William were everywhere; I don't know why I thought by tearing down the pictures I'd be able to hide him away under a bed. From the way my damp hair smelled of his herbal-earthy scented shampoo to the blue scrub pajamas and white undershirt I had borrowed for pajamas, his presence clung to me at every turn-as if these inanimate objects would not allow me to forget him. "As ordered, Madame." Paul swept out of the kitchen, a mug in his hand, wearing a familiar set of pajamas. "Hey, nice outfit," he said. "It seems the doctor look is all the rage for this season." He wore the precise outfit I was, although they fit him better than they did me. "I hope your friend doesn't have some sort of communicable skin disease because I pulled these out of the laundry basket." He handed me the mug. "Gross, I know, but slightly less gross than continuing to sport the clothes I'd been wearing two days straight."

I took a sip of the coffee, trying not to think about Paul wearing the last thing William had when he was here. "So I suppose you're ready for some answers?" I asked, knowing he wouldn't let me stall for much longer.

"I thought you'd never ask." He crossed the living room and whished a slider door open. "Grab a blanket and bring your coffee. It's cold out here, but the air is so pure it's doing a power-washing on my lungs from the damage that dive you worked at inflicted on them."

"Great idea." I grabbed the fleece blanket folded over the wooden rocking chair I somehow knew had been made by William-something in the details and the way it made my heart ache-and headed towards the door.

"I almost forgot," Paul smacked the heel of his hand against his forehead before marching towards the kitchen. "I have stuff set aside for s'mores."

"S'mores?"

"I've got a fire crackling out there for you," he called from the kitchen before coming back into view with a plate loaded with stacks of graham crackers, marshmallows, and chocolate. "A little moooo-d lighting never hurt any man's chances."

I rolled my eyes and followed him out onto the balcony where a couple of lounge chairs were circling a fire-pit. "You're going to ruin your dinner."

"I have dessert before dinner and then I have dessert again after dinner," he said, sounding proud of himself.

I plopped down onto the chair, wrapping the blanket around me. "With that kind of a diet, it makes it hard to get your protein in. Is that why you've lost so much weight?" I asked, trying to take a light-hearted approach to find out what was going on with Paul.

His face went flat and his voice was guarded when he answered, "Yeah, well ... I heard that creatine made men lactate, so I just said no to muscle enhancers and milk production."

He hadn't fallen into my trap-I guess I'd have to be more direct.

He stabbed a marshmallow with a roasting stick and handed it to me. "No more about me. I want to hear about you and just what the heck happened back in Paris."

I sighed, resting the marshmallow in the center of the flames instead of letting it brown gradually beside the embers. "Long version or short version?"

"Honest version."

That was going to be difficult, considering I couldn't tell the truth without mentioning things like Immortals, supernatural strength, and Alliances set on terrorizing one another.

"Starting with,"-Paul placed his marshmallow beside the embers-"why were you in Paris?"

I shrugged, sliding the charred mallow from the stick and throwing it over the balcony rail. "Change of scenery. Romantic notions. Impulsive. Take your pick," I said, sounding blase. "I didn't really care where I went just as long as I ended up somewhere else ... far away."

"Did this need to get away have anything to do with him?"

I nodded, my throat too tight to respond.

"What happened-if you don't mind me asking?" He handed me another marshmallow, but I shook my head. Judging from the line of questioning so far, I wasn't going to be able to stomach food until the grand inquisition was complete.

"I do mind you asking, actually." I pulled the blanket around me tighter and stared at the night sky where only a few stars were twinkling-I shivered when I saw William's and mine flashing at me like a strobe.

"That's not fair. You said I could ask you any question."

"That's right." I turned my eyes from the sky and looked him hard in the eyes. "I said you could ask any question-not that I was going to answer all of them."

He narrowed his eyes at me. "Fine. I don't really want to hear anything about that schmuck anyways."

I took a chug of coffee so I wouldn't fire off what I wanted to say back.

"Who were the suits that seemed dead-set on killing me?" he asked, cracking his neck.

I took another drink of coffee, stalling. "They were from my past, sent to pay me back for something I'd done."

"What did you do?"

"Something bad."

"What?" he pressed.

I pressed my lips in a line and shook my head once.

He threw his hands in the air, tossing the roasting stick to the side. The mallow's center oozed open. "Well, thank you sooooo much for all the enlightening information." His voice was growing with each word.

"I'm not who you think I am," I said, focusing on the fire. "I'm not the good, innocent girl you want to believe I am."

"Yeah-I think innocent was off the table when I found you pouring shots in the red light district," he said, turning away from me.

A minute or two of silence went by, where it looked like he was expending every bit of self-control to keep quiet, before he spoke, "But you can't fool me into believing you're not good. That's as obvious as you being torn about telling me what's going on-what's really going on."

At that moment, more than any of the others, I nearly divulged every nitty-gritty Immortal secret, but just as my confessional was about to spill from my mouth, I remembered why I needed to keep him in the dark. "If I told you anymore than what you know-just from what you've gathered from observation alone-you'd be in even more danger than you already are." I stared into the fire, trying not to think about the lives of my parents lost because of me, or the lives of William and Patrick nearly lost because of me. "I can't allow that to happen."

"I think I can handle whatever comes my way, thank you very much," he said.

I laughed despite the serious conversation; if only he knew ... "If I wasn't the only one who can protect you"-I raised my eyebrows at him the same time he did at me-"I'd tell you to run to the opposite corner of the world." I looked down at my clasped hands. "If anything happened to you, I couldn't stand it."

"Well if the men in black don't off me, something else will," he said, sounding serious enough to catch my attention.

"What do you mean?" I asked, not about to let this porthole he'd opened close before I got some answers. "Are you alright?" I knew I sounded more concerned than an overly-protective parent, but I didn't care. Something was wrong with him and I wasn't going to ease up until I found out just what.

He threw me an appeasing look. "It's a figure of speech."

The fire popped and snapped, filling in the silence as I contemplated what in the world I was going to do now. We couldn't stay here forever, hoping to hide from the storm coming, but I'd drug Paul into this mess face-first and I was going to see it through.

However, having spurned the only people that were somewhat on my side, I couldn't count on anyone but myself to protect Paul. I covered my eyes with my hand, feeling the tears stinging to the surface.

"Come here," Paul said, motioning me towards him.

I felt like a zombie as I went to him and curled onto his lap. His arms ringed around me as he curled his chin over my head. "I don't have the foggiest idea what's going on, but it'll be alright. I swear."

I wished everything could be alright again, but there was no going back to those few months where my life felt just right. There was no going back to the time where I thought everything was going to be more than just alright. I'd set fire to that part of my life and now would be living in nothing but the charred aftermath.

"Thanks for keeping your promise and explaining everything," Paul said, shifting my body closer against him. "I feel as enlightened as a monk."

"I didn't think you'd have such loaded questions for me," I said, trying to wiggle my head free from his chin. "I was expecting something more along the lines of, 'What's your favorite color?' or-"

"Blue," he answered.

"How did you know that?" I asked, picturing my favorite shade and the first time I'd seen it staring back at me.

"You may be the most predictable mysterious woman I've ever met."

I wrapped one arm around him, trying to mimic the way I used to with William, breathing in the scent of him in William's clothes. I wanted to feel William's warmth, his body, hear his heart, but the harder I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to remember what it'd felt like to be in his arms, the farther I fell from him. I took one more breath in, the only piece of William I could conjure up in my embrace with Paul, before I wound my way out of his arms.

I noticed the shadow in the corner of the balcony move an instant before it spoke. "Low and behold-the other man," Patrick said, stepping into the light cast by the fire. "Although vermin seems more fitting."

I felt Paul's body go rigid beneath mine, just as mine was.

"This is the reason you left William?" Patrick stepped closer and pointed his arms at Paul. "For some scrawny, pasty Mortal who looks like he's a stage away from comatose as he's about to round first base with a woman?"

I sat up, snapping through Paul's arms. "We weren't-"

Patrick raised his hand at me. "Save it for someone who might believe you. Oh-and newsflash-that person isn't me." His voice was slightly less enraged than his face.

"Who are you, pretty-boy?" Paul asked, pushing me aside to stand up. "And what right do you have to talk to her after everything that William-character did to her?"

Patrick laughed a few notes, sounding crazy and hysterical at the same time. "He did to her? He did to her? You really don't know who-or what-you're dealing with do you?" He looked at me as if in explanation. "She's a piece of work you don't want to waste your sweat over."

Paul charged forward, butting against my body as I stepped in front of him to hold him back.

"This isn't the time, Patrick," I said, not able to look him the eye. Knowing I'd probably never be able to work up the courage to again. "We can talk later."

"This is as good a time as any," Paul shouted, bumping against my back.

"Trust me when I say this, cowboy," Patrick said, his eyes narrowing. "Think twice before picking a fight with me. I don't start them, but I do end them."

"Patrick," I stretched my arms out to stop Paul from escaping behind me. "Enough."

"Come on," Paul said. "I can take goldilocks here."

"Yeah, come on, Bryn," Patrick chided. "Cowboy can take me."

"Patrick," I warned again. "That isn't a fair fight and you know it."

His smile was as dark as the night sky. "I think fair fell out of the equation when he decided to go after another man's woman."

"Darn right I'll claim her if he won't," Paul hollered, thrusting his palm against his chest. "I can't wait until I have the chance to get in his face and give him a piece of my mind."

Patrick's smile stretched. "Nor can I."

"Stop it," I yelled at Patrick, not sure how much longer I'd be able to keep the two of them apart. I never imagined someone like Patrick could threaten Paul's life, but like so much in my life, the threat had come from the place I'd least been expecting it. "I know why you're here and we can talk in private." I indicated with my eyes to the interior of the house.

"I'd rather suck snot than be alone with you," Patrick said, crossing his arms. "The Council can kiss my you-know-what. I'm done with you." He skirted through the slider door and fell out of view when he stormed down the hallway.

"Where does he think he's going?" Paul shouted, dodging towards the door. I didn't stop him this time, knowing Patrick was back in Montana, probably two seconds away from telling William how he'd found me "rounding first base" with Paul.

"He's long gone," I said, following Paul. "He drives as fast as I do," I added, hoping the lie sounded natural. Given my experience with fudging the truth as of late, I was certain it did.

"Who was that?" Paul demanded, spinning on his heels to face me. "And no more 'you really don't want to know,' answers, okay?"

At least Patrick would be easier to explain. "He owns this place," I said, justifying another lie that, if only by association alone, he somewhat owned the place. "I guess he was a little surprised to find me here."

"He knows that sorry excuse for a man you were dating?"

I swallowed. "They're pretty good friends." Or brothers who have lived together for more than two hundred years and would do anything for each other-that too.

"Good friends, huh?" he sniffed. "That must be why I hate him already."

"Angry much?" I said under my breath.

"Not really, no," he said. "It seems your ex boy-toy and his male-model friend on 'roids are the ones that bring out the rage."

"Deep breath in, deep breath out," I coaxed, demonstrating for him.

He eyed me from the side, not looking amused. "Well, we better get packing."

"Why?" I didn't want to leave now-or ever. If I couldn't have William in the flesh, I could settle for his home.

"Was there anything warm and welcoming about our conversation with the owner of this place?"

"It's more like a family place," I said, skirting around the truth. "He doesn't have the final say to kick us out."

"Who does?"

"Not him."

He stared at me, his eyebrows peaked, and waited.

When my lips remained glued shut, he thumped the wall with the butt of his palm. "Fine. I've had enough of Miss Evasive for one day. I'm hitting the sack."

I wanted to call out to him, to tell him I was sorry for everything, but knowing I owed Paul an eternity more than an apology, I stayed quiet.

Marching down the hall, he wobbled and raised his arms as if trying to balance himself.

"Paul?"

He took another step, his knees buckling, sending him crashing into the wall.

I was beside him an instant later, pulling him up by the elbow. "What's going on?"

He looked at me with surprise first-as if he couldn't comprehend how I'd crossed the space between us in a heartbeat-before he glared. "Everything's fine," he said. "Just drop it, okay?"

Everything about his words, tone, and expression was familiar. It was the way I looked whenever I was keeping a secret from someone.

CHAPTER TWELVE

THE TRUTH

The bacon was popping in the cast-iron skillet and the chocolate chip pancakes were forming bubbles along the outside-just as Cora taught me-overcast and late the next morning. It was ten and Paul was still snoozing. I hadn't heard him stir once and if he didn't soon, I'd have to wake him up so he could enjoy my peace offering-in the form of a warm breakfast.

Luckily, William had left the cupboards and freezer stocked with food. I wasn't hungry-although I was never one to turn down pancakes oozing with chocolate-y goodness-but Paul's appetite, which had been legendary on campus, was sure to be hitting overdrive any minute. When I left, Paul was the unofficial pizza eating champ of our dorm hall; a plaque with his photo was displayed in the common's room. He'd taken first place by polishing off twenty-two slices of pepperoni pizza ... deep dish style.

Never having been a bacon fan, I pulled the liner from the garbage can to take it to the garage or outside. Anyplace, just so long as I wouldn't have to smell the package it had come in.

I entered the garage and found a large garbage can, a BMW SUV, and a motorcycle cover spread on the ground beside the SUV. I dropped the bag of trash, experiencing one of those connect-the-dots moments. Several sets of keys dangled from the nail on the wall beside me. I grabbed them, both sets labeled with the blue and white BMW logo, and opened the garage door.

My hands were shaking when I approached the motorcycle, already knowing what I was going to find. I inserted the first set of keys; they didn't fit. Maybe I was being absurd ...

I positioned the second key, drew in a breath, and heard the key click into place. I turned it over and the engine exploded, igniting a cascade of emotions and questions. The bike was William's. Had we taken his escape vehicle, leaving him stranded in Paris? I remembered how long it had taken Paul and me to cross that half-mile distance and, with William having a head-start, he could have been back to the bike and flying out of Paris before Paul had gotten up.

So had he left it behind-intentionally-so Paul and I could make an escape? I wanted to believe this, but why would he? After everything I'd done, and his obvious disdain for Paul, why had he appeared in the cool Paris air to protect us and then leave his bike behind to aid our escape?

He was the most compassionate person I'd known, but he was still a man-subject to jealousy, rejection, and revenge. Had he really been able to put everything I'd done to him aside? Again, I wanted to believe this, but something that was more likely jumped to mind. The Council had sent him. Perhaps anticipating an attack or knowing John's men were closing in and afraid I'd spill more Immortal blood given the opportunity, they'd sent him to deal with John's men, so I wouldn't have to.

I closed my eyes, picturing the glow of William's eyes, the placement and precision of his strikes, and the sway of his shoulders when he sho-cd bolted from me that night. I pulled the key out, letting the engine die.

I hid the motorcycle key in my jacket, not wanting to explain another thing to Paul, and hung the SUV's set over the nail before heading back to the kitchen.

"Darn it!" I shouted, noting the burning smell before I turned the corner to find the smoke billowing from the pan. "Shoot. Shoot. Shoot." I grabbed the pan and pried the scorched bacon free, throwing it on the plate beside it.

"Something's burning," Paul's voice crept into the kitchen, right before I scraped the last few pieces from the pan. "Um, are you using your fingers to pull bacon swimming in grease from a hot pan?" he asked, stalling in front of the island.

Super, something else I'd have to come up with a lie on the fly for. I was going to have to become an adept liar if Paul and I lived together for much longer.

"The pan's already cooled," I said, dropping it into the sink. It sizzled when it came in contact with the droplets of water dotting the sink.

"Oooooo-kaaaay," Paul said, pulling out a chair under the island. "It's too early to delve into the topics we were feuding about last night ... so, how did you sleep?" he asked, manufacturing an elaborate smile.

"Super." Sleep was a stretch, but I had slipped into William's bed, where I'd spent ten hours breathing in his sheets. He hadn't changed them from when he'd been here last and it was like ending up in heaven when I found him waiting for me between the sheets-if in one sensory detail alone.

I flipped the three pancakes in the fry-pan, careful to use a spatula this time. They were so black I couldn't differentiate the batter from the chocolate chips. I moaned.

"I like my pancakes like I like my bacon," Paul volunteered. "Black, crispy, and served up with a smile."

I plastered on an overdone smile, spinning to him. "Cooked to order, then."

I piled three pancakes on a plate, interspersing charred side up and golden brown, before making a teepee of bacon. I poured half a bottle of syrup over the plate that looked like it was more kindling than food, hoping it would mask the flavor.

"Olive branch?" I said, handing him the plate that was more carcinogens than nutrients. Cora would be mortified.

"Accepted." He tucked a napkin in his shirt. "I'll even do something we men aren't known for and admit I was a jerk last night if you make me some coffee."

"One step ahead of you," I retrieved the French press from the kitchen table where I'd almost polished it off and poured the remains in a mug.

He took a sip, and the n another. "Delicious. Maybe you should stick to liquids," he said, hustling his breakfast in a circle. The bacon screeched across the plate. "So, I'm gonna say it ... I'm sorry," he said, dropping his fork. "I didn't mean to take out my frustrations on you."

I held up my hand to silence him. "I think I'm going to quote a very wise woman"-I smiled, unable to help it when I recalled that last night of my Mortality sitting beside Paul at Newport Beach-"and say, 'no apologies,' okay? I've got ten times more than you to apologize for, so let's forget it and move on."

"You sound so grown-up," he said, taking another sip of his coffee. "Are you sure you're only twenty?"

I choked on the coffee I'd been about to swallow. "Last time I checked," I answered, realizing I'd be saying the same thing ten thousand years from now.

"As delicious as it's been," he said, eyeing his plate that was untouched. "I haven't had much of an appetite lately. So, may I be excused?"

"I'm not your mom."

He took another sip of coffee, looking at me over the rim of the cup. "Thankfully."

His continued gaze, and what was behind it, caused my fidgeting to erupt. I cleared his plate and tucked it in the sink to occupy my attention.

"I suppose I'll go take a shower," he said, pushing off the island and rising. "And then we can go see the sights if you're sure your friend won't be serving us an eviction notice."

"He won't," I answered, scrubbing the plate and gazing out the window, imagining William standing in this same spot, doing the exact same thing.

"Thanks for ... um ... breakfast," he said under his breath. "If that's what you call it."

"Well, if you don't like my cooking, you can do-"

The sound of shattering glass, followed by something thudding to the ground, made me drop the plate.

"Paul!" I screamed, rushing to where he'd fallen. I rocked his body, trying to rouse him. I reached for his neck, making out a pulse. A faint pulse.

"Paul," I whispered outside his ear. "Come on, wake up." I shook his shoulder gently. "Okay, if this is your sick idea of a prank to get back at me for breakfast, I'm going to throttle you."

He didn't budge, not even a twitch at the corner of his mouth to assure me he was joking around. I swept my arms under his limp body and lifted him, rushing down the hall into his bedroom. I set him down on the unmade bed, trying to figure out what to do next.

I needed a doctor, but had no idea where to find one, nor did I know a lick of German to be able to communicate over the phone with a 911 operator ... and what exactly was the German equivalent of 911? Paul was going to die because of me. I was going to make John's mission of killing those around me easy if I kept doing it first.

"Please don't do this to me," I said, pulling his hand into mine. "Don't you leave me, too." The idea of losing Paul became too much to bear. Twisted as it was, it took the idea of losing him to make me realize how much I cared for Paul and how desperate for companionship I was.

His head moved, just barely.

"Paul! Can you hear me?" I yelled, leaning over him, willing his eyes to open.

He groaned. "Kind of hard not to when you're shouting in my ear," he said, wincing as his eyes opened.

I threw my arms around his neck, not caring about the repercussions of whatever conclusions he'd leap to. "Don't ever do that to me again," I said, attempting to sound stern. "Or I'll really give you something to faint over."

Paul's arms rung around me, pulling me tight to him-a little too tight for someone who'd been unconscious moments ago. "If this is the welcome I'll have waiting for me, I wouldn't mind making this a regular occurrence."

"Many happy returns," I said, winding out of our embrace without making it look too intentional. I scrutinized him, searching for the answers to what was going on, but other than the pale, sweat-beaded skin, I couldn't arrive at any conclusions. I would have made a terrible doctor.

He propped himself on two elbows, gritting his teeth in the process. "So what's on today's agenda?"

I crossed my arms. "Quite a bit, actually. Starting with you telling me what is going on with you-the truth this time."

Paul snorted through his nose. "Yeah, that seems fair. Since you've been so forthright and honest with me."

"I'm not the one passing out into a coma," I said, narrowing my eyes at him. "Besides, you're the upright, morally astute one. I'm the corrupt, rebel-without-a-cause type, remember? Honesty suits you better than it does me."

He focused on the ceiling. "I think I'm coming down with something-"

"B.S.," I interrupted, crossing my arms tighter. "The truth. Now."

He cleared his throat, still not able to look me in the eyes. "I'm just so tired. I haven't gotten my usual twelve hours a night the past few-"

"Crap," I shouted. Paul was a worse liar than I was. "What's going on-"

"Cancer, okay?" he shouted back. "There's the truth. Happy now?"

"Wait," I replied, sure I'd heard wrong. "What?" Paul was every Mortal standard for health and vitality. He couldn't have cancer; grandparents got cancer-twenty-one year old, captain of the basketball team, friends of mine didn't.

He stared hard at me. "Can-Cer," he mouthed dramatically.

I shook my head, trying to put together a cohesive sentence, but nothing made sense. Not that things had made any sense for awhile. "So what's the course of treatment?" I asked, realizing how lame I sounded. "What kind ... do you have?"

"Do you really think I'd be gallivanting through Europe if there was a course of treatment," he quoted back to me sarcastically. "And I've got the kind of cancer the doctor can't look you in the eyes when he tells you how long you have left."

My eyes stung, partly from the relief Paul hadn't died on William's kitchen floor and partly because it sounded like he would be dying in the near future. I couldn't ask how soon that was. "There's a treatment for everything. We're going to get a second opinion and a third," I said, standing up and fussing over arranging the blankets over him.

"I'm already about a dozen opinions ahead of you," he said dryly. "And the only kind of treatments available to me aren't anything I'm interested in. It would be like putting a bandaid on a severed leg. I'd rather spend my final days enjoying life instead of horizontal in bed tossing my cookies into a bucket every few hours." His mouth pulled up on one side. "Although if you wanted to accompany me with the whole horizontal in bed thing, I wouldn't object."

I reached for a pillow and grazed it against his face. "I'd be needing that bucket, then."

"If I didn't know you better, that might have actually hurt my feelings, Bryn," he said, looking at me a bit too intently. He reached for the collar of my shirt and before I could pull away, he slid the chain out until the sapphire pendent fell heavy over my shirt, warm from my skin. The symbol of William's promise he'd hung around my neck until the day he could replace it with a ring-a day that would never come. Paul looked into my eyes for an explanation and found his answer when my eyes fell. He nodded. "Even if I wasn't dying, I already know I don't stand a chance with you. He messed you up good and you're still in love with that loser."

"Please, Paul," I said, choking around the words. "I don't want to talk-"

"I don't want to talk about him either, but I just needed to confirm where I stand with you. And from that look on your face, I can see I nailed it right on the head." He squeezed my hand before pulling his back. "But don't expect me to give up on you. I'm going to keep trying to my dying day," he said, chuckling humorlessly.

I cleared my throat and turned towards the door. "Why don't you get some rest? It's been an eventful morning for both of us."

"What are you going to do?"

"I need some air. Clear my head," I said, pulling the door closed behind me. "I'll be here when you wake up, okay? We'll get through this together."

"Until my dying day?" he said, already sounding asleep.

"You're not going to die," I vowed, pacing down the hall. "Not if I have anything to do with it."

I'd been wandering through the woods for a couple hours now; the fresh air not doing the job of clearing my mind I hoped it would have. It still felt thick as putty with contemplation. I kicked a pebble, sailing it through the woods. A yelp followed immediately after.

"Geesh, like I said before, deadly throwing-or kicking-machine."

Even through the cushion of the heavily wooded area, that voice was unmistakable. "Patrick?" I hollered. "Where are you? I swear I didn't mean to hit you. I didn't think anyone was around for miles." I burst into a jog in the direction I'd heard his voice.

"Sure, sure," he answered back, just as I broke through a wall of trees and found him leaning against a building, rubbing his head. "I'd hate to see how much bigger that rock would have been if you did know I was out here."

I came to a pause, eyeing the building that seemed to have materialized out of thin air. It was a near replica of William's house, only smaller. "What's that?"

Patrick crossed his arms, a sneer targeted my way. "My hopeless romantic of a brother built it decades ago thinking this girl he used to dream about would one day like to spend some time here with him and that she might like having an indoor garden when they were buried in ten feet of snow. Can you imagine someone caring about another person so much?"

I swallowed hard, taking a step forward. "Can I see inside?"

"That's a no," he said instantly, sliding over so his body was blocking the entry. "Actually, that's a hell no."

I wasn't going to push the topic, despite wanting to push open the door so bad it hurt. I could always come back later if I wanted to taste the bitterness of what life could have been with William. "What are you doing out here?"

He pushed off the wall. "It certainly isn't to shoot the breeze with you. It seems I drew the short straw when it came to completing your training. Lucky me."

I ignored his over-exaggerated lack of enthusiasm. "So how's this going to work? How many weeks of strength training do I have left?" I asked, eyeing him. "Since I know you're counting down the days."

"Not soon enough," he said, staring me straight in the eyes. "Since you're pretty much a walking hydrogen bomb, consider yourself graduated with honors from strength training. You've made it deadly obvious you can defend yourself."

I couldn't look at the smirk on his face any longer. The trees suddenly became fascinating.

"I'm here to attempt to tame the beast within you-I'm here to fulfill your talent training," he said, giving me a half-smile. "Again, lucky me."

"So what, you're a talent instructor, too?" I asked, shifting my eyes back at him to only shift them away again from the pointed glare he had aimed at me.

"No," he said dryly. "But since I'm the only Teleporter in our Alliance, I got stuck with it."

I crossed my arms, feeling the angry steam rolling from him. "I don't know which of us is going to enjoy this less."

"That's easy-you will," he answered instantly. "If you thought strength training was hard-when I took it easy on you since my brother was bewitched by you-you'll discover a new definition of hard tomorrow," he said, unbuttoning his jacket purposefully. A scent entered my senses that was as inescapable as it was familiar.

"That's William's jacket," I whispered before I could catch myself. I didn't want Patrick to be a witness to any of my weaknesses, especially one he wasn't supposed to know about.

"It was." Patrick shrugged. "He passed it onto me, though. He said it reminded him of this one girl that threw his heart in a blender and hit puree."

I took a few steps back, despite wanting to lunge forward nose-first into Patrick's outerwear. I still craved William-I always would-any piece of him, and this smallest bit had given me a fix ... but I was desperate for more.

"How is he?" I asked, knowing Patrick's reply would probably be two worded and profane.

Patrick paused, something out-of-character for him. "Really great, actually," he said, also suddenly enthralled with the nature surrounding us. "He met someone, too. Someone the Council approves of and someone who won't kill him if he accidently touches her."

My world was already shattered, so why did it feel like it was breaking all over again? I'd known there would be someone else for him one day. I just hoped I'd never have to hear about her when that day came-nor how much the Council approved of her.

"See? Happy endings for everyone," Patrick said, clasping his hands together. "You got cowboy and William's got a girl who won't leave him for some lame-brain with a coward's heart."

I bit my tongue, wanting to argue back in the worst way, but I'd come so far already. I couldn't admit to Patrick why I'd left-not now that William had found someone to move on with. My plan was working-I should be happy. He'd found someone he could love again and I was far enough away I couldn't kill him.

However, happiness and I had parted ways two continents and an ocean back.

"Bryn!" a strained voice called from a way's off.

"Speak of the devil," Patrick said, turning into the forest. "And he'll appear."

"When do we start?" I yelled at the fast retreating Patrick, trying to push aside the dark images swirling in my mind. I wasn't successful.

"Tomorrow morning, nice and early, before cowboy gets up. I'm really looking forward to it." And he was gone, evaporating into the depths of the forest, taking the coveted jacket and scent with him. Leaving a junkie shivering with her withdrawals.

"Bryn!" Paul's voice was closer. "Where the heck are you?"

I couldn't stand going back to the home where William would bring another woman. Not right now. And I couldn't face the man waiting for me, in more ways than one, while he also waited for his death.

Instead, I huddled into a ball on the mossy earth, trying not to think William's name or of his face or the way he absently combed his fingers through his hair or of the way his hand pressed against my back as he led me into a room. At the moment, I didn't want anything more than to forget about him, but there was also nothing more impossible. The world dangled him on a string in front of me, just out of reach, reminding me what I'd lost.

As if a consolation prize for losing the race of love, the skies hailed down a sheet of rain, lulling me into a tragic sort of calm until I found sleep.

Although he was waiting for me there, too.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

BECAUSE EVERYTHING

"Keep them shut!" I commanded for the fifth time in thirty seconds time.

"Alright, alright," Paul said, trying to diffuse me with his hands. "Bossy, much?"

"Only with you," I grumbled, steering him down the hall.

I pulled open the front door and a rush of air pummeled us. Paul wavered, steeling himself against the doorframe. So maybe my hair-brained scheme wasn't such a great idea if he was losing a battle against fast-moving air. Paul should have been in bed, resting in a hospital, but me-the witless wonder-decided an extreme sport was today's best course of treatment for terminal cancer.

"I didn't think the Alps were prone to hurricanes!" Paul hollered through the stifling noise.

"Okay, open your eyes now," I ordered, sliding the cyclone of hair out of my face.

His eyes flashed open as I motioned towards the monster machine in front of us. "Your chariot awaits."

His eyes amplified. "What is a helicopter doing in the front yard?" He blinked a few times, as if trying to ascertain reality. It did look more like something you'd see on the big screen as opposed to real life.

"Since we are in the Alps and you've been dying to go boarding since we arrived ..." I began, realizing, as I said it, how ridiculous this was "I figured if we were going to do it, we might as well do it up right."

When I'd found the tri-fold brochure tucked into one of William's med books last week, I hadn't even stopped to think if it was a good idea. I only saw an opportunity to do something for Paul that was a dream of his.

I wanted to shove every desire, dream, and wish into his life before he ran out of it, but it clearly didn't enter my mind until now-when he looked more frail than ever-that if the cancer didn't take him first, this could.

"Maybe this was a bad idea," I said, tugging Paul's sleeve back into the house. I doubted the money was refundable, but the owner of the company had given me a great deal once I told him where I was staying. He didn't offer a reason why and I didn't look a gift horse in the mouth.

"Bad idea? This is the worst idea you've had yet," Paul said, his face filling with color. "I love it."

He broke free of my half-hearted tug and loped towards the helicopter. The pilot had the door open and gave him a thumbs-up. I heaved and followed after Paul, who was already buckling himself in-wide-eyed and practically wagging from his excitement.

"It's not even my birthday," Paul yelled when I climbed in beside him. "Is this some kind of guilt gesture since I'm knocking on death's door?" he asked, nudging me.

"No," I barked, wrestling with my belt.

"If you want any other ideas of guilt gestures you could throw my way, I'd be happy to give you a few ideas," he said, his smile leaving nothing to the imagination.

I elbowed him, not about to give a verbal response to his lunacy.

"Can you hear me alright?idth the pilot asked, lifting the helicopter off the ground.

"Roger that," Paul said with mock reverence.

I nodded, looking out the window at the house that was barely a dot below us. I was hoping this perspective would give me a new perspective of my own. "Crystal clear."

Something tapped my leg, drawing my attention. The pilot was holding a pair of headphones, looking expectantly at me. I had to be the worst Mortal-acting Immortal in existence.

I grabbed the headphones and slid them into place, moving the mouthpiece into position. Thankfully, neither Paul nor the pilot seemed to notice.

"This is your captain speaking-Captain Gustav-next stop, 12,000 feet where you'll find the air thin and the powder rocking," he said, his tone what I imagined a man named Gustav to sound like, but his word choice was more Southern Californian teenage boy. "I hope you're advanced boarders because even if you chicken out, there's no where to land up there."

"We're jumping from this thing?" Paul shouted, sounding the opposite of terrified. "Killer."

I rolled my eyes, wincing simultaneously at Paul's word choice and how that title could be ascribed to me if this day didn't go as planned. Exactly who was the lunatic who'd set this up for a man possibly weeks away from dying? Everyone named Bryn Dawson raise your hand.

"So do you know Dr. Hayward?" Gustav asked.

He might as well have just slapped me across the face.

He didn't wait for an answer, thankfully. He would have been waiting awhile. "Now that's a good man if I ever knew one. He was real active in the search and rescue missions around these parts. Saved my own boy a couple years back after he got himself buried in an avalanche. I'll be forever indebted to him."

"Do you know him, Bryn?" Paul asked, looking at me as if he already expected a lie.

I looked out the window. "No, I don't think so."

Gustav snorted. "Believe me, you'd know if you did. I had to practically pull a lever out to pry my girls away from him." He laughed, tilting his head back. "Sexy Beast was the phrase coined, I believe, among a few others that would make a father blush to repeat."

"Sounds like a real chump to me," Paul said, while I kept my silent vigil, knowing if I opened my mouth it would be apparent that Dr. Hayward and I were anything but strangers.

"No, no, he wasn't anything like that. He wasn't even aware of his effect on women, nor did he see the thirteen souls he saved in these mountains as that big of a deal. With most men, that would have made them arrogant-cocky, even-but Dr. Hayward was a far-cry from that," Gustav said, a bit defensively.

"So whatever happened to the good doctor?" Paul asked, not really sounding like he cared.

Gustav shrugged. "I'm not sure. The last day I saw him was almost a year ago. I was dropping off some of my wife's cherry danishes just as he was running out the door to get to the airport. Almost ran straight into me, he was in that big of a hurry. He was different, giddy as a schoolboy is the phrase you Americans might use."

Paul snickered, before mouthing over to me, "Our ancestors might use."

The helicopter banked to the left, nearing our destination I assumed because there wasn't anything higher than the peak we were aiming for.

Gustav continued, obviously one of those storyteller-types that wasn't about to be detoured just as he was getting to the good part. "There was something in his eyes-I knew right off the bat-so I asked him who she was."

"Who she was ..." Paul repeated, seeking clarification.

"The girl he'd been waiting his whole life for-at least that's what he told me. Silly romantic notion if you ask me, so I asked him if this girl was worth losing everything for." Gustav glanced back at me, something purposeful about the way he did it.

"And was fair maiden worth losing his life for?" Paul asked, clearly teasing the conversation along, as he pulled a beanie cap over his sunny-blonde hair.

"Losing your life for love's for the boys," Gustav said, pointing his finger at Paul like he was giving a lesson. "It's the hallmark of a man to lose everything else for your woman."

"What else is there?" Paul asked, arching a brow.

I could hear the eye-roll in Gustav's voice. "Just those few little things known as pride, reputation, honor, hopes, dreams-"

"Alright, alright," Paul interrupted, bouncing his head. "I got it, no need to go into an hour long sermon."

Gustav glanced back at us, his expression less impassioned. "You two better get your boards strapped on, we're almost there."

"Whatever happened to Romeo? Did he get the girl?" Paul asked, snapping on his board like he couldn't get it on fast enough.

"Don't really know, but I can tell you he was the first person I believed when he told me that this woman was worth losing everything for. You want to know why?"

Paul nodded for the both of us.

"Because he looked me square in the eye when he answered."

Paul glanced at me from the side, circling his index finger around his ear.

I couldn't take it any longer, being stuffed in this flying piece of metal, lined with the reminders of the past, flown by a man who sounded like he was going to found the religion of William-worship.

I needed fresh air and a shot of fear-induced adrenaline. Soon.

"Alright, kids," Gustav yelled, the helicopter door sliding open. A gust of air and noise pulsed over us. "Jump now or forever hold your peace."

"I'll be right behind you," I yelled at Paul, slipping off my headphones.

Paul's eyebrows danced as he lowered his goggles into place. "Cowabunga, dude," he yelled, flashing a peace sign as he flung himself from the helicopter, exploding into the powder below. He wobbled a couple of times, but managed to stay upright. He'd survived the landing, now we just had to make it down the mountain, and he wasn't exactly holding himself back.

"Thanks so much," I hollered to Gustav, ready to heave through the door.

He grabbed my hand mid-jump. "Don't do this to yourself-don't do this to him-anymore, okay?" he said, knocking the needless oxygen from my lungs. "I know it's you. I know you're the girl from the newspaper photo he showed me. Just go back. He'll forgive you. Knowing him, he already has." He gave me a twisted smile before letting go of my hand.

I was flying through the air, instinct taking over and blocking out everything Gustav had said ... had meant. The only thing I was aware of was the fast-approaching ground and catching up with Paul so he didn't come to a premature death ... at least pre-premature.

A blizzard exploded around me when I hit the ground before I was swerving and winding down the mountain like I'd been made to do nothing but this. It took me all of a few blinks to catch Paul.

His expression was heart-wrenching-like he was savoring every morsel of his last supper. I had to look away before the ball in my throat expanded.

He made a sharp cut in front of me, taking the lead. Looking back, a taunting expression plastered his face as he curled his finger at me.

I wasn't one to back down from a challenge, especially an athletic one thrown down by Paul Lowe. I positioned myself into the most aerodynamic position I could, whizzing past him, but his response was just as quick. His board was practically overlapping mine as we charged down the mountain.

The mountain was coming to an end, flattening out into a plane of heavily timbered woods. I saw the finish line and readied myself for a victory dance.

I was just raising my arms to announce my win when I was tossed to the ground, commencing a series of somersaults that sketched a compacted line of snow. I landed on my back, board and goggles missing, as a shadow leaned over me, blocking out the mid-day sun.

"I win," Paul said, slapping the ground in front of us ceremoniously.

I shifted, trying to push him off, but instead succeeded in shifting him more on top of me.

He chuckled. "I win again," he said, beaming at me.

"You are one sick pup, you know that?" I scolded, trying not to contrast how different Paul's body felt running against mine. Nothing fit together-it was like trying to force two mis-matched pieces of a puzzle together.

I could have shoved him away, like pushing aside a blanket, but there was something about having him with me this way-mismatched as it was-that was comforting. Like he was grounding me; keeping me from getting lost in a land of shadows and regret.

"So you've pretty much made my day," Paul said, beaming "You wanna put the cherry on top?"

"What are you talking about?" I asked, like I was ignorant of his innuendos.

"I'll show you," he said ... quietly. Very un-Paul-like.

There was nowhere to retreat to, my head was packed into a canyon of snow, and I knew what was coming next. I'd seen that look in his eyes before, right before he got denied the first time. Here comes the second-I hoped there wouldn't be cause for a third.

"Don't," I whispered, stalling Paul's lip-first advance at me.

"Why not?" he whispered, his eyes twinkling.

"Because," I answered, less than thrilled he asked for an explanation. It should be a girl's god-given right to deny a guy a kiss without having to offer up an explanation.

He rolled his eyes, I'm sure loving another one of my information-packed answers. "Because nothing," he said, coming at me again.

"Because everything," I snapped and, as a knee-jerk reaction, I pushed him off of me. However, I hadn't planned on sailing him ten yards away.

"Oh my gosh!" I yelled, springing up and sprinting toward him. "Are you alright?"

His body was sunk a half-foot into the snow, his face stunned. He shook his head, looking at me like I was an enigma. "Okay, so I've either lost more weight than I thought or you're the bionic woman."

"Let this be a lesson unto you that when a girl says no, she means no." I held out my hand, pulling him up.

"But I thought no meant yes and yes meant yes," he said, his dimples drilling deep.

"Of course you did," I replied. "Come on, Casanova. Time for your nap and prune juice."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

LOOSE TETHER

A week had passed and Patrick had played hookie everyday while I'd shown up five minutes early. I should have been irritated, like I was the majority of the time with him, but it was more pity than anything I felt for him. He'd been all but forced into a new area of training for him for a girl who'd broken his brother's heart.

I wasn't expecting anything different this morning, but I caught the cadence of voices on the wind the second I stepped out the front door. They were coming from the direction I was heading and they became louder with each step I took towards the greenhouse. The closer I got, the stronger this feeling from deep within became. It was unsettling, but only because I knew only one person who was capable of igniting it. It was that feeling of my heart being tethered to him, winding around him, cinching tight, until I crashed into him.

The voices came to an abrupt halt, as if they'd heard someone approaching. I freeze-framed mid-stride. Seconds passed in silence, just the rattle of brittle leaves shaking in the wind. I felt a string of prayers on my lips: one that is was him, one that it wasn't, and one that I wasn't insane and hearing voices.

"Do this one thing for me," a voice cut through the trees, deafening from the extended silence. Deafening since it had been months since I'd heard this voice. "I'm begging you."

"This one thing?" another voice replied, sounding baffled. "It's been one thing after another with this girl and I was through doing one more thing for her about two months ago."

I sprinted towards the voices, knowing I should be sprinting the opposite direction, but that tether that connected me to him wound me closer. I didn't stop to think what I'd do when I saw him or what I'd say, I just ran. Towards him.

And nothing had felt so right in a long time.

My speed fiery and my mind distracted, my foot hooked into a tangle of roots, flattening me face-first into the ground. Twisting my ankle free, I whined-more from being delayed than the pain.

"Bryn?"

How could one word make my heart throb so badly it felt like a bear-trap was crushing through it?

"Are you alright? Where are you?" His voice was urgent, fretful even, and it was getting closer. Brisk footsteps were crunching towards me. My voice caught in my throat, the lump making it impassable.

I wanted to call out to him. I wanted him to fall down beside me so I could feel his body running against mine. I wanted to laugh away the past couple months until we were grabbing at our stomachs. I wanted him.

Another set of footsteps rushed forward, following him. They were close, so close I knew he'd be breaking into view in a few more strides.

"Where the hell do you think you're going?" Patrick hollered, two sets of footsteps coming to a halt just out of view.

"Get out of my way. Now."

"Guess what, brother? She stopped caring awhile back," Patrick replied, not about to back down. "Maybe it's time you do the same."

There was silence and, feeling panic rising up, I thrust forward, managing to sprint while limping. I charged towards the voices, not because I had no choice, but because that feeling had died-as instantly as it had appeared. I was a loose tether, nothing to be tied to.

The greenhouse came into view, but only one figure was waiting for me, glaring their disdain at me like I was a parasite.

"William?" I yelled, ignoring Patrick. I rushed behind the greenhouse, desperate to find him. Nothing but emptiness waiting for me. "William?" I charged around the woods, never feeling like he was so close, but so far away.

"You're not going to find him," Patrick called out to me when I jogged past him the fourth time. "He's gone. Long gone."

I glared at him as I passed by.

"Besides, why are you so concerned with finding him? Taking a machete to his heart once wasn't enough for you?"

"William?" I whispered, spinning a few more circles.

"Stop it," Patrick said, pacing towards me. "Stop saying his name. Stop pretending you give a damn. Because you're not fooling me."

"I don't really care if I am or am not fooling you," I said, trembling. "I know this might crush the narcissistic world you live in, Patrick, but everyone around you does not live their lives caring about what you think."

"You don't care what I think?" Patrick repeated, crossing his arms.

"N. O."

"You sure about that?" he asked, sounding like he was issuing a warning.

"Positively," I seethed, vocalizing my frustration.

"Good. Makes my life a heck of a lot easier, not to mention more pleasant," he said, turning and marching into the trees. "Find yourself another talent trainer. One who you actually care about what they think."

He vanished a few paces later, swallowed up by the trees or teleporting away, I don't know, but another rush of sadness hit me when I realized I'd lost two Haywards that day, all in two minutes time.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

FIGHT

"Remind me why we're roaming through this over-priced, open-air market in forty degree weather?" Paul asked, shrugging deeper into his down jacket.

"For the experience," I answered. "And you can't get a carrot this fresh in a grocery store." I handed him one of the carrots in my basket to prove my point.

He turned it over, looking unimpressed. "It's a carrot. Any one of the fifty stores we passed on our way to get here would have had exactly the same thing. For half the price and double the temperature." He tossed it back in my basket and ambled to the next vendor who was peddling some kind of liquid steaming from a kettle.

"But we would have missed out on all the stimulating conversation," I mumbled, wandering over to him.

I didn't understand how he couldn't find the cornucopia of noises, scents, and wares of Munich's oldest open-air farmer's market, the Viktualienmarkt, enthralling. It was as whimsical as a circus and as comforting as my mom's strawberry-rhubarb pie. Basically, heaven. I only wished I'd discovered this gem weeks ago.

"So experience thing aside," I said, fingering through the contents of my basket "dinner will be amazing."

"Now you have my attention." Paul grinned and handed me a cup billowing with steam. "Drink this. If my teeth are chattering to the point of breaking, you've got to be freezing."

Of course I wasn't. It felt like it was sunny and seventy and it would everyday forward. Some people might grow to hate this, resent never feeling the roller coaster of seasons and the fluctuation of temperatures that came with them, but not me. I was comforted in knowing what to expect, what was waiting for me everyday.

"What's this?" I asked, eyeing the paper cup.

"Moonshine-or at least the German equivalent," Paul said, his smile curling. "Frederick here"-he motioned to the attendant counting back Paul's change-"promised if flowers, chocolates, poetry, and groveling weren't working on a girl, this would." He lifted the cup to his lips and tilted it back. All the way back.

I eyed him with parental disapproval. I didn't take Paul for the binging type.

"Relax," he said, crumbling the empty cup and tossing it into the nearest garbage can twenty feet away. Show-off basketball star. "It's apple cider."

"Oh. In that case, bottom's up." I tipped the cup, feeling the cider spread its warmth all the way down to my toes. It was like taking the first bite of a dozen just picked sweetish-tartish apples. "How can you not love this place?" I asked, taking the last sip.

I hadn't meant for Paul to answer, but from the bend of his brow, I knew he was getting ready to. "I love being with you. Anywhere with you," he said, scratching the back of his head. "Even in some crummy, overpriced market where the turnips are more popsicle than beta-carotene." He smiled, rattling one of them against the metal bar of a vendor's tent.

"You have no sense of culture," I said, shuffling through a river of bodies as I headed in the direction of our car parked blocks away. "I won't make you suffer this medieval form of torture any longer."

"And the congregation said Amen," Paul shouted, shouldering up to me. "Besides, you've got to get dinner started. From the looks of it, you'll be washing, peeling, and dicing until your fingers fall off."

Perhaps I'd gone a little overboard. Our basket was overflowing with leafy, shiny, speckled, dirt-crusted produce fit to feed OSU's football team during summer training.

"I think I'll catch up on some shut-eye when we get back since it looks like dinner won't be ready until midnight."

I elbowed him. "That's a good idea. You need to get some more sleep. You're overdoing it," I said, trying to bridge a very delicate topic. Whenever I'd attempted to bring up Paul's health and obvious diminishing element of it, he'd answered me with sealed lips, turning and walking away, or by changing the subject.

"Hello, Miss Obvious," he said under his breath. "Subtlety isn't one of your strong points, is it?"

"And facing the truth isn't one of yours," I said, looking skyward to keep the tears down. "I know you're trying to hide it from me, but I can tell you're getting worse. I can see how some mornings it practically kills you to get out of bed."

Paul chuckled darkly. "Well, one day soon it will kill me."

I roared to a stop, grabbing his sleeve. "Stop joking. It's getting old. You might not care about your life ending in the near future, but I do and I'm not about to let you wallow your way to your grave if something can be done to delay it."

He wheeled around to me, his expression glacial. "Don't you start this. Not now," Paul said, biting at the side of his cheek. "Don't play the death card now, not after parading around Europe with me, extreme snowboarding, and pretending what's happening to me isn't really happening."

Paul was one of the most laid-back people I'd met; the only other time I'd seen him this upset had been at our meeting in the cafe in Corvallis. "What are you talking about? Why don't I have a right to be concerned about you?"

"Because the concern I want from you isn't the kind that stems from pity. I want you concerned because you care about me," he said, charging forward down the sidewalk.

"I do care about you," I said, rushing to catch up with him.

He stopped so abruptly I ran straight into him. "There are two kinds of care," he said, gripping my shoulders. "I'm talking about one and you're talking about the other."

I lowered my eyes. "You know I can't care for you that way."

"Why?" he said instantly, glaring at the necklace that had bounced its way out of my coat. "Because of him? Because of that loser who was nothing but wrong for you?"

I tried to pretend Paul's words weren't cutting me like a knife. I doubted I was doing a good job of it.

"He had his chance and screwed it up. Time to wake up and smell the heartache, Bryn. He's not coming for you. Move on."

"I don't want to talk about this," I said, my lips trembling.

Paul snorted. "Of course you don't," he said, walking away from me backwards. "Looks like I'm not the only one who's been dodging serious chats." He spun around, heading towards the car. "Do me a favor, will ya? Don't bring up my crap again until you're ready to talk about yours."

I exhaled, dreading the hour drive home. Paul was right about one thing-the grocery store would have been a better idea-at least in terms of the duration of awkward silence that would follow.

I fished out the car keys, heading towards William's SUV and the man who-had fate not thrown me a curveball in the form of an ink-haired man who was godlike in every sense of the word-could have been the man I fell in love with.

The drive home was unbearable. Paul's mouth stayed shut, clamped shut, but I could feel the fuming he kept bottled inside like it was about to burst. Time had never gone so slow. My shoulders fell in relief when we pulled in the garage. I heaved the door open, eager to be free of the emotions stifling the car's interior. Paul's hand closed around my wrist, pulling me back down into the driver's seat. "So, I don't want to have any regrets and if I go in the next few hours, I'll have to carry around the guilt of being mean to you for all eternity. Not the way I want to spend my time in the hereafter. No, thank you."

I tried pulling away from him. I couldn't take any more of his jokes or sarcasm or his twisted sense of humor. He was dying, not getting an appendix out.

"I'm sorry my attitude towards my advancement to six feet under upsets you. I don't expect it to be the way you would handle it, or anyone else would, but humor is what's keeping me from going off the deep-end. You know, that deep-end that reduces men to thick, black eye-liner and crappy, just-shoot-me-now music?" He laughed tightly. "Now that's enough to kill someone."

I squeezed the bridge of my nose and inhaled. "Okay. I can accept that. But I can't accept that you won't go to a hospital or a doctor or something. You've got to fight, Paul," I said, almost a shout. "It's like you've just given up on your life and are letting the runway lights to the pearly gates come at you without even trying to put the brakes on."

"I have done all those things and there isn't anything else that can be done. I don't want to spend my last days strapped to a dozen beeping contraptions in a hospital bed with my arse hanging out of a nightgown." He smiled at me from the side. "As much as you'd like that, I'm sure."

"I would like that," I said. "Minus your ... arse hanging out. You need to be in a hospital. I don't know the first thing about anything medical, I can't even read a thermometer properly. I can't take care of you the way you need to be." As I said it, I knew there were two ways this was true.

"You already take care of me," he said, twining his fingers through mine. "Just by being here. And besides, I am fighting, despite what you think. I'm just fighting for something else."

"How's that going for you?" I asked, huffing in my seat.

He grinned one of those ear-to-ear ones. "Kind of a losing battle right now, but that's alright, I'm up to the challenge."

I so did not want to have this conversation right now. Not that I could imagine ever wanting to have this talk with him ... "Paul-"

"So how about that dinner you've been promising me all day?" he said, popping out of the car. "I need a nap before we talk anymore about death, pathetic ex-boyfriends, and losing battles. Okay with you?"

"Greatwith me," I said under my breath.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

BLACK HOLE

I'd taken the motorcycle tonight. For a couple of reasons. Mainly because William's scent clung to the SUV in such a way he could have been curled up in the back waiting for me, but also because I wanted-I needed-to feel careless. To feel free and alive and to feel my age. To give myself over to being twenty and doing something reckless for no other reason than, Why not?

The road snaked around the terrain outside of Munich like the roads had been laid down for no other reason than cruising them at a hundred miles per hour. The air cut my face-yes, careless included wearing no helmet-and whistled through my ears and that instinct that was fast becoming addictive took over. It was only in these moments where my Immortal body was on autopilot that I was able to forget about him, forget about everything but the task at hand. It was a piece of heaven I hadn't expected to find in this new phase of life, but I'd take it, no questions asked.

I screeched the bike to a stop at the pub Patrick had told me to meet him. When he'd appeared smack in the middle of the trail while I was out running yesterday, my first instinct was to throw my arms around him. After the other day, I never thought I'd see him again. I'd held back the hug when he crossed his arms tighter, basically ordering me to meet him here tonight because we needed to talk. His mouth closing around the last word, he disappeared, leaving me alone and reeling. I'd come up with a myriad of logical reasons we could be meeting tonight, but from experience, logical was something Patrick was not. I had no idea what I'd find waiting for me.

I could hear the music playing within, mixed with the roar of conversations that were more laughter than talk, streaming from the Bavarian style pub. The beveled windows threw the yellow light glowing within like prisms. It was inviting in the friendliest of ways. I would have gone inside if I'd been walking by, even if it wasn't where I was supposed to meet someone.

I pocketed the keys to the bike and jogged across the street, dodging a couple of dwarf-sized cars by mere inches in the process. I was already throwing open the door when their horns blew. The noise that a couple of licensed clown cars were able to generate was unexpected. The screaming duo of horns roared through the open door, announcing my arrival to every diner in the pub. Not a single exception.

I froze mid-stride. "Guten tag?" I said, waving my hand unsurely.

To my relief, everyone went right back to sipping from their beer steins or tearing off pieces of their salted pretzels. Germany was my kind of country; best friend to wallflowers around the world.

Only two sets of eyes stayed on me, although I'd only expected to be meeting one tonight. They'd selected the table in the back corner, away from the noise and masses. How inconspicuous.

"You certainly know how to make an entrance," Patrick said, whistling through his teeth. "And if I might say, you make holey jeans and a bomber jacket look good."

I rolled my eyes and slid into the booth. "Hector," I said formally, "nice to see you." He made a motion with his head. "Patrick," I said, more sneer than welcome, "always a pleasure."

He crossed his arms, chuckling. "You'll have to excuse us, Hector. Bryn and I have what one would call a love-hate relationship. Although as of late, it's been tipped to the latter."

Hector exhaled. "I believe that goes without saying." He looked over at me, his face telling that he wasn't going to put up with Patrick and me bantering the night away. "Excuse me for getting right to the heart of the matter, but with a gift such as yours, we don't have the luxury of time."

I scanned the room, ascertaining there was no one within eavesdropping distance. Even if someone would have been close enough to hear us, I doubted if there was anything but the pilsner and polka-esque music that could detour the patron's attention.

Patrick cleared his throat. "I asked Hector to come tonight so we could come up with the best course of training to take with you. I'm not an experienced talent trainer and even those that are have never had the ... privilege"-his jaw clenched around the word-"of working with an Immortal with a gift such as yours."

"So I'm an Immortal abnormality is what you're saying?" I asked, sounding more sad that confrontational.

Hector broke in before Patrick could unleash his response. "We're in unchartered territory is what we're saying. That's all. You were given this gift for a reason, nothing is by accident, so along with that, I'm certain there is a way to train it. A way to harness it," Hector continued, more to himself.

"You think there's a way for me to control ... it?" I asked, leaning towards him. It didn't seem possible given I didn't have the first clue about how it worked.

Hector paused, long enough for my shoulders to slump. "I do, it's just complicated. It's going to be difficult. Extremely difficult," he said, his brows furrowing together. "Both you and Patrick will likely face death to get a full handle on it, but I have faith the two of you are up to the task. If anyone's chomping at the bit to punch death in the face, it's Patrick Hayward."

Patrick motioned to his empty glass at the waitress that looked like she'd been the inspiration for the Bavarian barmaid depiction. "On that note, I think another root beer is in order." He glanced over at me appraising his empty pint glass. "Don't look so surprised. I'm not the irresponsible, wild Hayward brother you think I am."

"Prove it," I mumbled, crossing my arms.

"That's enough. Both of you," Hector said, his voice booming. "You've both got an unfathomable task before you and it's going to be over before the word go if you can't figure out a way to set William aside and get over it."

I felt something inside me twist when he said William's name.

"You're both going to wind up dead if you don't work together." Hector took a long drink of his water-probably in an attempt to cool down. When it ran empty, he set it down and looked pointedly at Patrick, and then me. "I don't like to pull rank, but given I see no other solution with you two, I have no choice. As a member of your Council, I command you two to get along and let bygones by bygones. You're on the same side, fighting the same fight. Don't forget it."

The waitress dropped Patrick's frothy rootbeer in front of him, giving him a smile that needed no translation, before moving onto the next table. "Thanks for the pep talk, Hector," Patrick jested. "I feel inspired to go for the gold, now. Thanks, coach."

"Don't force me to command you to keep your mouth shut, too," Hector said, his eyes taunting him. "Because I will in a snap. Promise."

"This thing inside me is dangerous," I said, anxious that something terrible could happen just by talking about it. "It's already killed someone. I can't risk it doing the same to anyone else." I threw a look Patrick's way because, despite him being a serious pain in my butt lately, I couldn't live with myself if I killed him. "This is something I need to figure out on my own."

Patrick looked at me as if I was as dangerous as a kitten. "No offense, but I can handle myself. And did you miss the fact you could also die in the process?"

I concentrated on the soccer game playing on the old school television behind the bar. "Well, that would take care of all our problems."

"That is not a solution," Hector said, resting his hand over mind. "That is a tragedy."

"I wouldn't have pegged you as the martyr type, Bryn," Patrick said, staring through me. "You know, given what I know of your history and always putting others above yourself." His eyes managed to hold more accusation in them than his tone.

"So help me, Patrick ... " Hector growled.

Patrick raised his hands. "Alright, alright. What is it with Immortals having no sense of humor? I must have overlooked that in the job description."

Hector looked up at the ceiling, or maybe he was looking up for God-praying for patience. "I've had over two centuries of your sense of humor and I'm taking a vacation from it at present. An extended vacation," he added, before twisting in his seat to face me.

"Miss Dawson, I can't emphasize enough that, given we know so very little about your gift, there is an absolute chance you could die in the process of training it. Are you sure you don't want to give it some thought before you agree to this?"

"I'm certain," I said, looking Hector square in the eye. "But I'm not alright with Patrick assisting. I can't risk his life in the process."

"Patrick has already accepted this task and he is fully aware of the risks involved." He glanced over at Patrick. "However, we believe you face the most risk. Possessing the kind of energy you must for such a gift to reside within you, we can't overlook the possibility that you could just as easily kill yourself as you could someone else."

"Hold up," I said, raising my hands. "Are you saying I could kill myself without really knowing how? What, I'll just explode or implode or ... something-plode?"

"I'm not sure of anything, but I have a theory, and please forgive the comparison,"-Hector shifted in his seat-"but your gift could very much turn you into a kind of black hole."

"An empty, vast hole sucking the light and life out of everything that comes within a thousand mile proximity ..." Patrick said, rubbing his chin. "That doesn't sound like Bryn at all."

Keeping my face expressionless and my upper half frozen, I reached my leg under the table, smashing down on his foot. The smile was wiped off his face faster than he could look to Hector for some support.

"Thank you, Bryn," Hector said, winking one so subtle I wasn't sure it was one. "I owe you for that."

"It's nice to see you two have become such good friends," Patrick said, inspecting his foot. "The third wheel will leave you two B.F.F.'s alone." He moved to stand up, stopped by Hector's hand pushing his shoulder back down into his seat.

"You stay," he instructed, rising from his seat. "I'll go. My part in this is done. The rest is up to you two." He gripped Patrick's shoulder in passing. "I have faith in you."

"Completely misplaced," Patrick grunted. "Where are you going?" he called out to Hector as he weaved his way towards the exit.

"Seeing about that vacation," he called back, before ducking through the door.

"Seeing about that vacation," Patrick mimicked, making a face. "Now he decides to have a sense of humor."

I sighed. Hector gone, I had no one to distract myself from Patrick with. There was nothing comfortable about sitting across from a man that straight out hated your guts because you'd torn out his brother's ... heart first. With Hector demanding Patrick and I behave, I wasn't sure if this would make things harder or easier.

As the silence dragged on-something that had never occurred when I'd been in Patrick's presence-and his plastered on smile aimed at me continued, I knew it would only make things worse. I'd take a verbal pistol-whip from Patrick any day over this grinning male version of a Stepford Wife in front of me.

"So, now what?" I asked, shifting in my seat.

Patrick shrugged, the smile falling. "We see what we're made of. If we're up to the task."

"O-kay," I said, "so in non-philosophical terms, what's our plan?"

"We're going to be busting our butts everyday for most of the day," he said, leaning forward. The overhead light illuminated his eyes, making me focus on nothing but them and suddenly, it was William staring back at me.

I couldn't look away fast enough.

"That means no more snow-bumming it with cowboy until the job's done. Besides, last time I saw him, he wasn't looking so good. You need to let that boy rest from time to time, Bryn. He isn't Immortal, you know. He can't play footsie with you twenty-four-seven."

A proverbial light bulb went off and I had an urge-that I thankfully repressed-to kiss Patrick square on the lips. I felt as if I'd just had a miracle fed-exed to me.

"He's dying." I swallowed, trying not to sound like I was begging. "He doesn't have much longer. He tries to disguise it, but he could go any day." I stuck my tongue into my cheek, trying to keep my eyes from welling.

"There's this great twentieth century invention called a hospital," Patrick said, annunciating every word. "Take him to one."

I shook my head. "He won't go. Besides, there's nothing they can do but delay the inevitable."

Patrick took a long drink, wiping his mouth as he set the glass down. "And this concerns me how?"

I couldn't believe I was going to say it, not thinking of the repercussions, but I couldn't overlook the miracle that had been given to me. "Would you petition the Council to change him?" I asked, gulping. "Ask them to make him an Immortal."

Patrick spewed root beer from his mouth. "You've got some serious balls asking me for that. Me of all people!" he shouted, his eye blazing. "Him dying would serve you both right. Neither of you deserve anything better. Not after making a fool of a good man."

"I know I've done horrible things," I said, playing origami with the napkin in front of me, ignoring the eyes turned our way from Patrick's verbal explosion. "To so many people. I'm not asking this for me, I'm asking it for Paul. He's a good man too, Patrick. He doesn't deserve this." I knew I was begging, but I didn't care. "Please, Patrick. Please."

His knuckles were blanching white. "In case I didn't make myself clear," he said, his voice shaking, "let me do a better job of that. Hell to-the No."

I felt anger stirring. Now he was just being immature. I took a deep breath, hoping I'd put together my counter-attack as logically and unemotionally as I was capable.

"Let's set aside the fact that you are a Guardian"-I looked at him pointedly-"and that you're charged with preserving Mortal lives. Let's not factor that into this because it's not like that should be your number one priority or anything," I said, hoping the sarcasm wasn't lost on him. "You know, given William's involvement in this whole situation, he could end up having a foretelling of Paul's death." Just talking about him singed my throat. "Do you really want William to be the one to take this up the ladder when you can save him from that?"

Now to match his shaking voice, his hands were too. "Don't you dare pretend to be asking for this for William's sake. Don't you dare act like you care about my brother," Patrick said, his jaw set. "I shouldn't be surprised you'd stoop to this new level of low to get what you want, but I am. You never cease to amaze me, Bryn," he said, shaking his head. "And I didn't mean that as a compliment."

As if I could have thought he did. "I know this will likely fall on deaf ears," I began, unsure if he was capable of hearing me in his state, "but I need to say this to you. I know I hurt William. I know I'm the worst kind of creature for doing it, too." I stopped and took another breath. I was losing the battle of remaining unemotional. "I also know that I didn't deserve him then and there was nothing I could ever do to change that."

"Damn straight," he said through his teeth.

"But despite everything, he's found someone else. Someone he can live the rest of his days with in peace," I whispered, tasting bitterness on the tip of my tongue. "He's moved on, that's all I wanted for him when I left. We should too."

"Yeah, well, you first," Patrick said, gulping down the last of his root beer. "I'm quite content to torture you every chance I get. And yeah, William has moved on, pretty much erasing you from his life."

A spear through my chest would have felt like a gentle tap compared to what I felt. "So let's not do anything that would change that," I said, sounding as weak as I felt. "Will you petition the Council on Paul's behalf?"

"Fine," he said, sliding into William's jacket, a tangible example of the torture he wanted to carry out. "I'll do it. But don't think for one second I'm doing this for you." He slid out of the booth and slanted away from me. "I'm doing this for my brother."

"Me too," I whispered.

Patrick laughed darkly. "There's that martyr again," he said, nodding at the waitress smiling at him. "Be ready to go first thing in the morning. Meet me at the greenhouse." He marched away from me, ignoring the waitress motioning him over. He stopped. "Oh, and Bryn?" he called out over his shoulder. "Be ready for a serious butt kicking."

I flashed him a thumbs-up, but he wasn't looking, before sliding down in my seat. Nothing like the promise of taking a serious beating to get one excited about rolling out of bed in the morning.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

EXPERIMENT

So I didn't roll out of bed the next morning. I bolted from it.

"Bryn." Paul's voice was no more than a ragged whisper, but it went off like a fire alarm in my ears.

I was throwing his bedroom door open before his mouth had closed around my name.

"Oh my gosh, Paul," I whispered, frozen in place. It seemed impossible he could have taken such a turn for the worse in a mere eight hours since I'd last seen him.

Paul's tan skin was gray, his cheekbones so sunken he looked more skeleton than flesh and blood. He was curled in a ball, wrapped around a garbage can that smelt like death. "What can I do?" I asked, feeling a fear rising within that Paul's days were so numbered I could count them on one hand.

"Turn around," he cried, waving frantically at me. His body convulsed right before he heaved into the garbage can.

I wasn't sure if it was the stench or seeing Paul so ashamed and helpless, but I went into action like a wildfire was chasing me. I rushed into the bathroom, soaking a washcloth and filling a cup with water. I jetted to his bedside, prying the garbage can from him, trying my hardest not to curl my nose or, worse, dry-heave.

"Take a sip," I said, having to lift Paul's head to the cup. He took a hungry drink, as if he couldn't get it in him fast enough and, just as fast, it came right back up.

"I'm sorry." He coughed, sputtering up more water.

"I'm calling emergency," I said, grasping Paul's cell phone charging on the nightstand.

"No," he said urgently, rolling onto his side.

"Like heck I'm not." I powered on his phone, not sure if hitting 911 would get me anyone in Germany, but figuring it was a good first start.

His hand closed over mine, clammy and urgent. "I don't want to die in a hospital. I want to die here, with you."

I shook my head, looking away. "You're not going to die."

"Yes, I am," he answered.

"Not if I have anything to do with it." I slid my hand from his, pressing a shaking finger against the nine on the keypad.

"Stubborn to the end and I wouldn't want it any other way," he said, a smile in his voice. "But, to be frank, you really don't have anything to do with it. I figure with the favor I gave you a few months back-in the form of promising a girl who had a bad case of Stockholm Syndrome I wouldn't tell anyone she was alive-you owe me. Big time owe me."

This got my attention, my finger slipped away from punching in the one. "This is totally different."

"How so?" he asked, resting his head back on his pillow. I pressed the washcloth into his forehead.

"For starters, I was alive when everyone thought I was dead and you're dying and want me to pretend you're going to live."

One side of his face squeezed together. "Those are just details. What this all boils down to is you asked a favor of someone you trusted and now I'm doing the same." He cleared his throat, his voice growing raspier over each syllable. "Will you do the same for me, Bryn?" It was just a question, there was no undertone of begging or a nuance of a plea in it, but I felt the desperation in his words. As if sending him to a hospital would only send him to his death that much sooner. There was no way I could deny him this ... his final request.

I nodded my weighted head. "Let me see if I can find something to make you more comfortable."

"Thank you," he breathed, as I headed out the hall. "Just in case you had any other grand adventures up your sleeve," he called out to me "I don't think I'm up for alpine sky-diving or base-jumping today. Maybe tomorrow."

The ball in my throat made it impossible to respond. I stumbled into the guest bathroom, not sure if I'd rather kick a hole in the door or lean against it and sob until I ran dry.

Knowing neither would help Paul, I threw open the medicine cabinet and spilled out its contents, looking for something that could ease his pain or his nausea or, by some miracle, his impending death. The tears I held back blurred my vision, but not enough so that I couldn't make out who was the prescribing doctor on every one of the white-capped, brown bottles. This time the sobs heaved me forward, so all I could do was grip the white marble sink and let my body convulse from the emotions I'd put a stopper in weeks ago.

I'd lost William, I was losing Paul, and, to be honest, I was losing myself. I was losing my footing on who I was-on everything that made me who I am and who I wanted to be. I was slipping into the recesses of a darkness that was as deep and inescapable as it was unending.

"Try this," a voice said beside me, shaking a bottle in front of me. "Guaranteed to kill the pain in any creature size man to horse." Patrick grinned at me. "Or make a girl forget her hysterics as quickly as they came on."

I threw my arms around his neck, my tears saturating his collar. He drew me to him, letting me burrow deeper, his embrace so similar to William's I didn't want to let go. He was like manna from the heavens.

"Whoa, did I miss the forecast for a major ice-melt today?" he said, shifting awkwardly. He gripped my shoulders and pushed me back. I instantly missed his arms around me, holding me together. "It's going to be alright, Bryn. Give him these and he'll be dreaming of the land of oz before you know it." He shook the pill bottle in front of me.

I reached for it, examining the label like I knew what to look for. "Are you sure this is alright for him to take?"

"Thanks for the vote of confidence," he said. "But believe it or not, I've picked up a thing or two being around two brothers who've been practicing medicine for a combined total of four centuries."

"How many should I give him?" I asked, twisting open the bottle.

"One for lights out, two for knock out." He grinned tightly. "When in doubt, error on the high side."

"That doesn't seem like very sound medical advice," I scolded, before turning to leave, two pills in hand.

"Hey, I'm not a doctor," he replied, amused.

I sighed and power-walked back to Paul. He was so still he could have been asleep, but his eyes were frozen open, as if he was ...

I shook my head. I wouldn't let myself think it. "Take these," I said, handing him the pills. "These will help with the pain and let you sleep."

He took them and pitched them in his mouth, swallowing them before I could hand him the water. "Thanks," he said, looking me head to toe while a smile widened. "Another perk to saying sayonara right here."

"Do I want to know what you mean by that?" I asked, pulling the blankets around him and cinching them burrito-style around his body.

"No nurse I've ever seen is as fine as you," he said, winking.

"I think that's the pills talking, but thanks for the compliment. I guess." I pulled the curtains closed and turned off the bedside lamp. "Can I get you anything else?"

"Do you really want me to answer that?" he asked, popping his eyebrows devilishly at me.

"Sweet dreams, sleeping beauty," I said, watching his eyes fade, blurry already from whatever I'd just given him.

"Bryn?" he asked, his voice also affected by the drugs.

"Yeah?"

"Could you make sure I don't sleep past four? I've got a paper due in World History and Coach needs me at practice early tonight."

I swallowed. "Sure. No problem."

"Thanks, Bryn" he said, his voice heavy with sleep. "And Happy St. Patrick's-"

His voice cut-off and was almost immediately replaced by the steady breathing of deep sleep. I closed the door noiselessly, thankful Patrick was there-if for nothing more than a distraction.

"Mind telling me why you didn't show up this morning?" Patrick asked when I rounded the corner into the living room. "We're never going to complete your training if you don't show up for the first day."

"Please, Patrick," I said, taking a seat on the fireplace ledge. "I was a little distracted this morning and I'm really not in the mood for training at the present moment."

I sensed something before I heard it and I heard it before I saw it, but my hand worked faster than my senses. I caught the picture frame before it shattered against the fireplace, not sure if Patrick's intended target had been it or me. "Distractions are everywhere, suck it up," he said. "And, sorry, Charlie, but you don't get the luxury of taking a day off because of boy issues or girl issues or whatever other B.S. issues you come up with. Not when you can kill someone as easily as you can irritate me." He crossed his arms, his eyebrows tilted into a v.

I wanted to argue back. I wanted to tell him to take a hike. I wanted to tell him and the whole Immortal world to go screw themselves, but more than I wanted to do any of that, I knew he was right. There was no luxury of days off, or any luxuries for that matter, for anybody who could kill someone with the ease I could.

"So what's the plan for today?" I asked, clasping my hands together, putting on my most attentive student face.

He pulled a rolled notebook from his jacket and tossed it at me. "This is Hector's idea of talent training-individually prepared just for you."

I thumbed it open, leafing through the first dozen pages, before skipping to the last page of the notebook, assuming the numbered questions gave out somewhere in-between. I should have known better. Hector's elegant script scrolled to the very last page, even covering mid-way down the backside.

It's a good thing we had forever because we were going to need it to get through this guide. I sighed against my best intentions not too.

"Where do we even begin?" I asked, thumbing back to the first page, where questions one through thirty-three were listed. Questions inquiring into simple, commonplace details. I couldn't understand how my great-grandfather's birthplace had anything to do with my training, but Hector must think it had some kind of bearing or else he wouldn't have listed it ... among the thousands of others. But maybe, just like I was, he was at a loss. He was just taking as many shots as he could, hoping that one would eventually stick. I couldn't blame him; it was more than I'd done to figure this thing out.

"First off," Patrick said, pushing off the wall "toss that Boredom-lopedia in the fireplace." He stopped, waiting for me. I looked for any hint of a joke in Patrick's face, but it was stone serious. I dropped the notebook behind me in the fireplace, letting it fall from my fingertips at the last possible moment, waiting for him to retract his order.

"And next ..." He pulled a match from the tin container beside me, swept it against his belt buckle, and tossed it into the hearth. The notebook ignited instantly, as if it had been soaked in kerosene. Blue flames fingered around it, shrinking it until the final remnants fell into tissue-paper shards glowing orange around the edges. "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, mondo instruction manual to oblivion."

I felt a little nauseous when the moment caught up with me. We'd just torched the only concrete plan anyone had formulated as to how to approach the delicate topic of my talent training. Probably not one of my best moments.

"Please tell me you have a plan," I said, watching the last black scraps disappear. "Any plan."

"I'm not a plan type of man," he said, sounding proud of himself. "I've always considered myself more a man of action and Hector-bless his heart-likes to do things a bit more technically and, well, slowly than I do."

"I'm feeling so reassured right now, Patrick. Thanks for that."

"You wanna hear what I came up with or not?" he asked, gliding over to the wall of windows.

"Since I don't really have any other options at the moment," I replied, gazing longingly into the fireplace.

He crossed his arms behind his head and stared at the snow-blanketed mountains glittering in the morning light. "I've got a theory as to what triggers your gift. I don't have anything scientific or historical to back it up, it's just a hunch."

His words were slow, carefully selected. So unlike Patrick that I knew whatever path we were going down was nothing short of legendary.

"That theory being?" I asked, eager to hear an outsider's perspective, but dreading it at the same time. Nothing could be worse than the conclusions I'd arrived at ... hopefully.

"So both times-that we know of-your gift manifested itself was in the Council chambers at Townsend Manor and that day in the clearing back home."

Hearing him say home made something deep within ache. "Yeah. So?"

"What do both of those instances have in common?"

"Other than me killing, or nearly killing, a handful of Immortals?" I asked darkly.

He looked back at me. "On both occasions, your life was threatened."

My brows wrinkled.

"If I'm right, and I often am,"-he grinned-"your gift is triggered when your life is threatened. Like it's some kind of self-preservation thing hard-wired into your system. At the first sign of danger, it activates"-he smiled apologetically at me-"and eliminates the perceived threat before it can do the same to you."

I stared back at him, letting this simmer. I suppose it made sense, but I'd never thought of my gift that way. It seemed more dark and evil to me than something that was for self-preservation purposes.

Self-preservation ... I couldn't escape selfishness. As if it was embedded in every pore and was now so extreme it exterminated anyone who threatened me.

"What do you think?" he asked me when I stayed quiet. "Sound logical?"

"I guess so," I said, sounding more doubtful than certain. "But where does that put us? What good does a theory do us when there's no way to test it? And even if we could test it, what good does that do us if I can't train it?" I was growing more crazed sounding over each word, so I decided now was a good time to shut my mouth.

"I need you to take a deep breath and promise you'll stay sitting right there," he said, raising his finger.

"What-"

"No questions. Just promise."

I rolled my eyes, my legs already bouncing. "Cross my heart and hope to die."

He blew a loud breath through his mouth. "There actually is a way we can test my theory out," he began, sounding careful again. "Since I have experience compacting and generating energies from my glamorous stint at Townsend Manor, I'll attempt to pull energy from you."

"Are you crazy?" I said, my eyes popping in horror.

"Only the tiniest bit imaginable-just enough for your body to switch into self-preservation mode."

He'd misunderstood where my fear was directed. "I could kill you," I shouted. "Or at the very least put you into a coma for a few days, just in case you don't remember the last time your skin came in contact with mine when it was buzzing like a downed wire." I shot up, not caring if I was breaking my promise of staying seated. "If you think I'm going to go along with this, you must have been lobotomized at the same time you were zapped by John's men."

He put on an unimpressed face. "Thanks for the concern, but I can handle myself. Especially against a newbie. Besides, I've got a theory about that too."

"What a relief!" I said, throwing my hands in the air. "Is this one as asinine and crazy as the first? Because you've got the market on stupid cornered today, Patrick."

"You're just a barrel of monkeys when you're upset, you know that?" he asked, looking as if my pacing and nail-biting were as amusing as a one-legged duck swimming in circles. "If you care to know, I don't think you'll be able to give me more than a quick zap, if anything."

"You ever heard that saying that goes, 'Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me?' ..."

He smiled tightly at me. "I'll be expecting it. I believe being able to anticipate it will give me the edge I need to break contact as soon as I feel your inner terminator charging ahead."

"I don't see how you think anticipating death will help you stop it, but we don't see eye to eye on a lot of things." I narrowed my stare at him.

"That's an understatement," he mumbled, his eyes creasing in the corners. "Listen, I don't have all day to go round and round with you-entertaining as it is. I'm your instructor and this is my plan. Either we do this"-he took a quick look at his watch-"now or you're on your own."

My feet, fingers, and legs were tapping and swaying from the nervous energy begging to be released. "Can I at least think about this? Call me nuts, but I need more than a few minutes to agree to risk both our lives."

"No time for that," he said, putting the frame he'd "tossed" at me back in its place. "Besides, I've got a tee time in an hour and I'll need a few minutes to recover from your electric touch."

I stared at him, not able to understand how he could look so at ease with this whole thing. From his relaxed posture and expression, you'd have though we were going to be doing nothing more exciting than studying books all day.

I didn't want to do this, not even in the slightest, but I knew Patrick was as stubborn and strong-willed as I was. If I didn't play by his rules and go along with this, he would walk away and I'd be left to figure this out on my own, which would never happen.

"I can't believe I'm going along with this," I said, hanging my head.

"I can. I'm impossible to say no to." He winked. "You wouldn't be the first woman to think so."

It was infuriating, he was making jokes now. Death was waiting to meet him, a mere few minutes away. He was as crazy as an inmate whistling Zippity-Do-Da en route to the lethal injection chamber.

"So how are we going to do this, Professor?" I asked, rolling up my sleeves.

His face flattened minutely, as if he was relieved. He hadn't been as confident I'd go along with this as he'd acted. He was a good bluffer.

"Why don't you lie down on the sofa since you'll feel pretty rough when this is done and I'll sit on the coffee table next to you."

"Why don't you take the sofa?" I said, moving towards the doomed furniture with heavy feet. "I think you'll be worse off than me when this is over." I made a silent wish that he'd still be lucid enough to feel pain when this suicide mission was finished.

"Thanks, but no thanks," he replied, removing his wide leather-banded watch. "I don't want to be stuck on a couch with no where to move-or collapse-if that's the only way I can break contact."

I bit my lip, taking a seat on the edge of the sofa. "That makes sense. You really have thought this through."

"Was that a hint of a compliment I just detected, Miss Dawson?" he asked, tipping his ear dramatically towards me. "Couldn't be."

"Can we just get this done?" I closed my eyes and laid back on the couch, crossing my arms over my stomach. "Because I really can't take any more of your sarcasm."

He kneeled beside me, shrugging out of his jacket. "A woman of action ... a girl after my own heart," he said, thumping his chest with his fist.

I sucked in a breath and held it in while Patrick situated himself on the edge of the coffee table. He tossed one of the couch's pillows behind him. "To break the fall, if need be," he said, answering my silent question.

"I thought you were tough."

"I am on the inside," he said, reaching for my arm. Out of instinct I flinched away, but he caught it and pulled it towards him. "On the outside, I'm a delicate flower. You think I'd look this good if I let myself take a serious beating whenever the occasion arose?"

"Stop stalling," I said with an edge, already damp from the clamminess coating my skin. "Let's do this."

"Commencing ignition sequence," he said theatrically, lowering his voice an octave. His fingers ringed around my trembling wrist. "Ten, nine, eight, seven-"

"Patrick," I said, my voice breaking. "The instant you feel anything-ANYTHING!-you break contact. You hear me?"

He leaned his face over mine, so close I could feel the warmth of his breath breaking over my face. "I'll be alright, don't worry. I can recover from your touch. It's my brother who can't."

My skin prickled as he looked to the side. Before I could ask for further clarification, his voice boomed. "Three, two, one. Hang on."

I felt a dull ache, something that was exponentially less intense than how it'd felt when John and his six other Council members had been pulling my energy from me, but it was still severe enough I couldn't think about anything else. Severe enough I felt like I was watching the scene from an outsider's perspective.

Patrick's furrowed brow, his body shaking in its effort, his forehead beading with sweat, my entire aura emitting desperation that whatever was deep within wouldn't roar to the surface and vanquish the life of the man sitting beside me, who was trying to help me-everything played like a slow-motion movie, reel for reel.

Seconds passed, or minutes-it was impossible to know-and nothing changed. Patrick's brow stayed concentrated and my teeth stayed gritted ... and nothing. The dull ache moved up a few notches to where it was a debilitating kind of pain, but still nothing like what I'd felt a few months back-and my monster didn't excise itself.

Patrick's face flattened at the same time his eyes opened. He leaned back, removing his hand from my arm and studying me like I was something as confounding as an ancient rune.

"Are you alright?" I asked, popping up. I wanted to run a hand over him, but I didn't dare. I hadn't killed him during our experiment; it would be my luck I would now.

He surveyed his body, side to side and up and down, like he couldn't believe he'd made it through whatever we'd just agreed to unscathed. "Impossible."

I shook my head. "I'll take impossible if it means you're alright."

He shot me a look. "I meant impossible in that, impossible I was wrong. I'm never wrong."

I heaved a sigh, running my fingers through my hair. "Thank goodness you were wrong."

"How are you feeling?" he asked, moving his attention to me. "A little worse for the wear?"

Certain he was alright, I took an introspective moment, regretting it immediately. I winced, ringing an arm around my stomach, and crashed back down on the sofa.

"That bad, huh?" he said, a hint of an apology in his voice. "I shouldn't have held on for so long, but I was so certain that this would work."

"Are you sure this little idea of yours wasn't some twisted plan to get a little payback in?" I asked, trying not to move anything but my mouth. Everything else was tingling in that fresh fry-pan burn kind of way.

He grinned too angelically to be innocent. "I'll never tell," he said, ruffling my hair, which felt more like he was tearing out every strand from the root. I gritted my teeth.

"You look pretty bad off. You want me to find you a Tylenol or something?" he asked.

"You find me a magic pill that cures whatever I've got and I'll take that. Actually, I'll take two, just to be safe," I said, looking over at him. To say I was relieved Patrick was alright was obvious, but it went beyond that. It almost felt like there was some newfound confidence, or assurance, growing from the knowledge I'd controlled my gift, although I had no idea how I'd done it.

"That would make my job far too easy and I love a challenge," he said, repositioning his watch. "Why take the easy route when the hard one is so much more fun?"

Instead of it dulling as pain does with the passing of time, it suddenly spiked. The muscles in my neck tightened. "Are you sure you don't possess a gift similar to mine?"

"I suppose we would have found out if I held on any longer ... but no, I'm quite certain the universe couldn't handle more than one being in existence that's a walking, talking grim reaper." I managed something of a glare at him. "Besides, that would ruin my reputation with the ladies and the world just isn't that cruel."

"So what's Plan B?" I asked, looking at him from the side.

"It's circling around up here," he said, tapping his head. "Genius can't be rushed. You think Einstein would have come up with relativity if he had someone breathing down his neck tapping their watch?"

"Yeah, well I don't remember anyone going to Einstein and asking him to come up with a solution to death," I said, deciding I'd try sitting up again. "So hurry it up, Einstein."

He glanced at his watch. "At present, I've got to hurry it up to my tee time, otherwise they're going to start without me."

I grimaced my way to a seated position. "Who are you playing with?"

"My brothers," he said over his shoulder as he headed into the kitchen. I heard him retrieve a glass from one of the cabinets. "William's finally back and since we can't get away to Pacific City, we figured we'd all surf the fairways to kill some time."

I gripped the sofa cushions. I was jealous that Patrick would be spending the afternoon with William while I was halfway around the world waiting for my friend to die. "Why do you say finally? I thought you said he's been home for awhile now."

The water turned off and he was silent. I waited, long enough I was getting ready to call out to him to see if he'd suddenly decided to teleport himself to his golf game without saying goodbye.

"Ah, you know how it is," he said lightly, coming back into the room with a glass of water in hand. "William can be so humdrum to be around it can seem like forever when he is home." He handed me the water, like it was a peace-offering for pulling the life out of me. I took it, raising a brow at him. "Just teasing, you know how much I look up to William, but he can be a bit of a downer to be around. Especially lately."

"What do you mean?" I asked, taking a long sip. "Is he alright?"

"Oh yeah," Patrick answered, a little too enthusiastically to be genuine. "Never been better."

I tried not to show my hurt. "I didn't know William golfed," I said, not able to picture someone like him mixing in with balding yuppies dressed in argyle sweater-vests.

"He doesn't. You wanted to know if there was anything he wasn't good at ... well, golf would be it." He chuckled, his eyes somewhere else. "He looks like a newborn giraffe when he's putting- wobbling legs, neck straining for the sky. If there's something I love seeing, it's my saint of an older brother fumbling with a nine iron."

I visualized it; William flustered on the golf course, throwing around his idea of cursing under his breath. It made me smile. "Then why are you planning on torturing him with eighteen holes if this is supposed to be some kind of welcome home shin-dig?"

He shrugged. "As a distraction. You can only play so many games of chess or pound so many nails into two by fours until you want to bang your own head with the hammer."

I took another sip of water. "What are you trying to distract him from?" I asked, not sure if I wanted to know. If he needed distraction from getting into a certain kind of trouble with the new girl, as we'd gotten so close to, I certainly didn't want to hear about it.

"From his life," he mumbled, before drawing his lips into a tight line.

"What?" I asked, waiting for more.

His eyes stared hard into mine. "Why do you care so much? William's life isn't your concern anymore, so quit pretending that you care."

My mouth snapped open, ready to argue back-if only he knew how much I still cared, how I would always care-but clamped it shut in time. Knowing I was one snide comment away from telling Patrick everything, I changed the subject. "Did you talk with the Council about Paul yet?"

He rolled his eyes. "Since I've had a whole twenty-four hours since you asked me ... it's not like they're some ticket window you can go up to and pull a ticket-stub from to wait your turn. There are procedures, protocols, for requesting and being granted a meeting with the Council. I know you might think it's an everyday sort of thing the way William hounded them to grant you guys a Betrothal"-he eyed me with accusation-"but it is kind of a rare thing. Just for your reference."

"Are you done?" I asked. His melodrama had been irritating before, but discussing a man's life hanging in the balance, his melodrama was down right unacceptable. "I'll repeat. Have. You. Talked. With. The. Council. About. Paul?"

"Well, I pulled some strings and then Hector pulled some more strings, and, well"-he waved his hands about-"long story short, I'm meeting with them tonight."

"That's great," I said, sighing from relief or exhaustion or anticipation ... who knows. "Thank you for doing whatever you did to see them so quickly. " I unconsciously glanced in the direction of the hall. "He doesn't have much time."

"Are you sure I'm the best man for the job?" he asked, twirling the fireplace poker in its stand. "I don't think I'm the best choice given I don't particularly care for you anymore and I positively loathe him. That sound like unbiased representation?"

It didn't sound like he expected, or wanted a response, but I felt I owed him one. "I know I've put you in a tough spot with this," I began, sliding my hands down my legs. "And I know you'd rather wring both our necks than try to save them, but you know why you're doing all this? Helping me with my training, petitioning the Council to save Paul? Bringing me glasses of water?" I said, lifting the glass at him.

"Enlighten me," he said. "Since I'm still not sure why."

I grinned-it was so obvious. He'd spent so much time with William over the decades some of him had brushed off on Patrick and that's why I found myself craving Patrick's company as much as I cringed from it. "Because you're a good man. The best kind there is. I know you like to play it all James Dean, but inside, you're as fiercely compassionate as William."

He sniffed, hitching his hands on his hips. "Yeah, well, don't tell anyone. Besides, you might not want to go singing my praises until we see what the Council decides."

"I have faith in you."

"Faith in me?" he asked, craning his neck back. "Misguided like Hector, but I'll take it." He took another glance at his watch, frowning. "All this touchy feely talk's made me late." He looked up at me and managed a smile that was almost genuine. "I'll see you tomorrow. Bright and early and, since our Pauly boy couldn't hear a tank barreling through the walls with what he's on, let's just meet here from now on."

"Have fun," I said, wanting to say an eternity more. Something along the lines of, Say hi to your brother for me and, oh yeah, I love him so much it's making me sick being separated from him.

He disappeared an instant later. No gradual fade, no sparkling, swirling cyclone, nothing impressive or grandiose about teleportation. Just here one moment and gone the next.

Teleportation-the least flashy thing about Patrick Hayward.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

INSTINCTS

I'd come to the conclusion waiting for death was worse than death itself.

I was exhausted. In every sense of the word. The past week I'd done nothing other than train with Patrick or attend to Paul.

I'd failed at both.

If anything, Patrick and I were more confused than ever with how to best approach my training and sometimes I thought the only thing keeping Paul alive was my determination and inability to say goodbye. And I wouldn't say it, at least not until we heard back from the Council.

They were taking their sweet time-as if it wasn't a factor. It seemed like a no-brainer to me. Paul seemed like the ideal candidate for Immortality, but this wouldn't be the first time the Council and I didn't see eye-to-eye.

I still hadn't recovered from Patrick's life-sucking experiment, although I'm sure my zero intake of food and sleep didn't help.

The last look I'd dared in a mirror had been yesterday morning and I'd half-expected it to shatter. My eyes looked like dull marbles buried in deep hollows, accompanied by sunken cheeks that looked rouged with ash. My limp hair had miraculously taken on some height, but it was from the ratty, uncombed nest piled at the crown of my ponytail. I looked like a bride fit for a corpse.

The rhythm of the rocking chair was slowly putting me into a trance, just enough for my eyes to feel heavy and my mind muddy. I allowed my lids to fall, automatically sharpening my hearing, just in case Paul needed me.

I heard the turn of a key in a lock right before the front door eased open. It felt like my lids were fighting concrete to open, but when they did, I knew I'd finally found the reprieve of sleep ... and I never wanted to wake up.

"I've been waiting for you," I whispered in a dream-rummy voice. I wanted to run to him and do every last thing I could to him in a dream, but the fear of his image hazing away if I moved kept me firmly rooted where I was.

He grinned, making my heart strings near the snapping point. "I guarantee I've been waiting longer for you," William said, looking at me in a way that made it seem he couldn't get enough. "But I suppose since you're here in my house, you mean you've been waiting for-or expecting-me in a different way than I mean it."

"I don't know what you mean-that's nothing new-but keep talking," I said, amazed how precisely my dream had replicated him. His voice, the curl of hair at the base of his neck, the way his eyes took me in. "I've missed you."

"You have?" he asked, tilting a doubtful brow.

I nodded my head, hoping this wouldn't be one of those dreams that seemed to pass in the snap of a finger. "You have no idea."

"Then what are you doing here?" he asked, his voice breaking.

Before I could answer, Paul's voice called out to me. I snapped my head to the hall without thinking, wanting to curse myself for it.

"I'm here, Paul. I'm coming," I called out, fully awake now. I didn't want to look back at the doorway, knowing it would burn like arsenic running down my throat when I found it empty. I took a deep breath as my eyes traveled back to the front door.

"What the?!" I cried, jumping out of the rocker. "William?"

"Last time I checked," he said slowly. "Although most days I'm not really sure who I am anymore."

The need to cry from joy, or from being overwhelmed, became so much I could do neither. "What are you doing here?" I asked. I didn't care why he was, but it seemed like the right thing to ask.

"I'm here to make everything alright, Bryn," he said, his forehead wrinkling. "You don't have to worry about him anymore," he said, starting for the hallway.

Before I could ask him what he meant, Patrick appeared in William's pathway. "How the hell did you get here so fast?" he shouted at his brother, blocking him with his chest. "You got some private jet I don't know about? How did you even catch wind of the Council's decision before me?"

"Move, Patrick," William demanded, setting his jaw.

"Yeah, that's not going to happen. You're gonna have to throw down if you think you're getting by me." Patrick lunged to the side, blocking William again.

"Move, Patrick," William repeated, growling.

"What do you think you're doing?" Patrick shouted in his face. "The Council made their decision and none of this pertains to you anymore. It's none of your damn business."

William's movements blurred before he had Patrick pressed up against the wall. "I don't want to fight you, Patrick, but I will if I have to," William said, his quiet voice shaking. "No offense, little brother, but we both know who will win."

Patrick rolled his eyes as he continued to struggle against William. "Why are you doing this? Why do you give a care anymore? She left you!"

William's shoulder's stiffened even more, but Patrick's words had hurt him. His head went limp, falling forward. "They've told her no once already," he whispered, releasing Patrick. "I'll be damned if I'm going to stand by when they tell her no again." He turned and sprinted down the hall, ducking into Paul's room before either of us could stop him.

"William!" Patrick and I called out in unison, both of us chasing behind him.

I beat Patrick to Paul's room, but just barely. He came up behind me, nudging me, but I was frozen in the doorway.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked frantically.

William slid a chair beside Paul, grinning the saddest one I'd seen. "Why do you ask so many questions to which you already have the answers?"

"No, William," I breathed. "Please don't."

"I'm going to do something out of character and tell you to listen to her, William," Patrick said over my shoulder, trying to shove past me. "You're going to piss the Council off. You're going to really piss the Council off."

William looked down at Paul as he seated himself. "I know."

"This isn't going to win her back," Patrick said through closed teeth.

I didn't have enough time for hope to take hold before William replied, "I know." One side of his mouth curled into a half-smile, confirming he was happy in not having me back.

He pulled Paul's arm out from beneath the covers, pushing up the arm of his sleeve past his elbow.

"Don't do it. Please," I begged him, not able to shake the premonition there was more than one way I was capable of killing him. The list never ran out.

"I need to do this," he said solemnly. "Everything inside of me is telling me not to, that's how I know this is the right thing to do."

"Yeah, those are your instincts, brother," Patrick called out, pacing in the doorway. "You should listen to them sometimes."

I knew what was telling him not to-the part that remembered how I'd hurt him, betrayed him, and left him at his time of need, but the goodness that oozed from every part of him couldn't turn his back on Paul-or me-when he was the only one who could help us.

The thing that was tearing me up inside, though, wasn't his selflessness-as legend worthy as it was-it was that I couldn't justify William possibly losing his life in exchange for Paul certainly losing his. I knew rationally it should have seemed acceptable, but I was entirely incapable of accepting it. There was nothing rational about love.

"Just go," I said, fighting tears at every word. "We'll be alright. Really."

A look of hurt flashed over his face before he ironed it out. "And I thought I was a bad liar." His hands gripped around Paul's arm, his fingers melding into the flesh. "It will be alright soon, and then I'll go."

"William said everything will be alright. Oh good, I feel so reassured right now," Patrick rambled to himself, but his words got lost, because William's eyes gripped mine, causing something inside to throb. His face became peaceful, and then his eyes closed in concentration as I dropped to my knees.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

SACRIFICE

It was like watching a flower blossom in fast forward on the nature channel, seeing Paul transform before me. Ashen, sunken skin plumped to golden bronze, atrophied muscles burst to capacity against the glowing skin, and his fallen expression filled with vigor and youth. He was like looking at a bronze statue of a Grecian god, but as impressive as Paul's change was, I noticed it for all of a heartbeat.

As time had proven on every occasion, it was impossible for my interest to be held by anything else when William was in the room. As instantly as Paul had been injected with vitality, William's left him. His expression fell, right before his body started to crumple out of the chair. I leapt over Paul faster than I could stop to feel guilty for trampling over a man who had been on his death bed moments ago. My arms were ringing around him, preparing to break his fall, when I was thrown backwards with such force I smashed into the wall.

"Don't touch him," Patrick commanded, sounding frightened-for the first time I'd ever heard. "You could be zapping like a live wire right now and in his present condition, you'd kill him for sure this time."

I shook my head, shaking the stars away. "I'm sorry," I said, thankful Patrick was there to be the responsible one-and yes, I couldn't believe I was thinking that. "How is he?"

Patrick grunted, hoisting William in his arms. "Other than having a bad case of damn-fool syndrome?"

"Please, Patrick," I said, rubbing the bridge of my nose. "Please don't play games with me right now. Is he alright?" My throat caught around the words as my eyes wandered over William's limp body. Seeing him like this once had been enough to send me over the edge. Seeing him for the second time, knowing I'd been the cause yet again, threatened to unravel everything I'd ever known to be true. What sickly hollowness had left Paul had been redistributed to William. Yet even in this ghostly paleness, he was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen, his sacrifice making him even more so.

"The queen of games declaring no more games. Seems hypocritical," Patrick jested, steering out of the room with William in his arms. "He's going to be fine. It takes some time for him to get back to normal. Just stay here and let him rest awhile."

No sooner had he said it than I was up, following him down the hall into William's room, the one I'd ransacked for the past month.

"Thanks for listening to me," he snapped back to me before resting William on the bed. "I'm afraid you're relegated to the couch. Since this is his house, his bed, and he just risked his neck for you, I think that's a small sacrifice to pay."

"That's fine," I said automatically, watching William's arms swing limply to the side, falling in awkward positions over the bed.

I rushed to him, looping my fingers through his.

"Is it some sort of life mission you have not to listen to anything I say?" Patrick asked, repositioning one of William's arms over his stomach. Peeking through the cuff of William's shirt, a dark braid of leather still circled his wrist.

I gasped, loud enough for Patrick to take action, pulling William's sleeve over it. "He still has it on," I breathed. Hope was the most amazing thing. Even the smallest bit had a way of chasing away an infinite amount of doubt.

"Yeah, well, he's probably been too busy to even notice it," Patrick snarled. "Or maybe he's keeping it there for the same reason people put rubber-bands around their wrists. To remind them not to do something, like cursing or biting their fingernails or whatever bad habit"-his eyes narrowed on me-"they're trying to break."

And just like that, hope rushed through the exit doors, letting the darkness creep back in.

"Do you really think that's the best idea?" Patrick said, glaring at where my fingers circled his wrist, fingering the bracelet.

"I've got this," I said. "I can feel it coming on. I won't hurt him."

Patrick snorted. "Of course you won't. It's not like you have a track record of doing anything but hurting him, right?"

I ran my hand up his side, settling it over his heart. I never thought I'd touch him again, but here I was, pressing my flesh to his, pretending away the disaster I'd made of things since I'd left him.

However, Patrick was glaring at me, whipping me back to reality. "I know you hate me for what I did to him, but if I told you why I did it-the entire truth start to finish-you'd probably hate me more. So please, just give me some time alone with him?"

He scoffed the carpet with the toe of his shoe. "Let's just hope you can't break the same heart twice."

Taking this as his round-about concession to let me stay where I was, I didn't follow him when he left the room.

Heaven couldn't have been this divine. Laying curled in the crux of William's arm, my body running the length of his, feeling the heat of his body pass through our clothing, passing time with the rise and fall of his chest. Even when I'd brainwashed myself into believing I'd get to spend my life with him, I'd never taken any time with him for granted, but now, after coming to terms with the fact that I'd never see him again-let alone touch him with any kind of intimacy-this was utopia in the purest sense of the word. I didn't let myself acknowledge that this would all be over, sooner probably rather than later; I simply couldn't. I was certain if I would have let the realization that I would have to say goodbye to him again-in the most final kind of way-it would have sent me into a sickness there would be no coming back from.

So I'd emptied my mind of nothing but our reunion and willed the seconds to pass like hours and somewhere along the way, it had actually worked. I barely knew which way was up and down, let alone what time or day it was. An eternity could have passed as easily as an hour had. Bittersweet moments like this had a special kind of way of screwing with time ... not to mention your heart.

A soft trio of knocks was the first outside stimuli to shake me from my feverish case of William hypnosis.

"Knock, knock." Patrick's voice emitted through the closed door. "You in there, Bryn?"

I considered not answering, hoping he'd leave, but Patrick wasn't the kind of guy who ever left-especially if you wanted him to. "Yeah," I whispered, as if William was sleeping and I could wake him. "You can come in."

The door swung open, followed by Patrick's head peeking past it. "I've got some of Mrs. Heinrich's cherry danishes and some watered down coffee from the convenience store in town." He shook a brown paper bag dotted with dark spots of butter leaking through. "You want some?"

"Uh, yeah, sure," I said, reluctantly sitting up in bed. My body ached from the separation. "What day is it?"

Patrick raised his brows, handing me a cardboard cup of coffee. "Two days later than it was when you first entered this room. Have you left his side to check on your boyfriend down the hall? Your boyfriend who I was really happy was a Mortal because I knew he would someday die-if I didn't kill him first."

I shook my head, popping the mouthpiece of the cup back, taking a drink-it was worse than I'd anticipated, but still good. For me, coffee was kind of like pizza-even when you got a bad piece, it was still pretty good. I looked back at William, his face peaceful, gorgeous as usual, and slowly coming back to its normal color and texture.

Patrick leaned against the windowsill across from me, dropping the danishes on the nightstand. "Okay, so I'm just going to say this, get it out of my system, so I don't have to talk about it anymore." Whenever Patrick's face was wrinkled as it was now, I knew things were going to get serious. I'd had a lot of experience with this expression as of late. "I'm not going to pretend to understand this sudden fixation you have with William again. I'm not sure if you like playing nursemaid or are doing this out of guilt or are just plain crazy, and I don't care." He ran his hands through his hair, looking like he was searching for the right words. "That's not true, I do care, actually. But I guess my point is that it's not really any of my business, as much as I'd like to make it so."

"Beating around the bush doesn't become you," I interrupted, getting a bit of pleasure from experiencing him scrambling for the right words.

He manufactured a smile. "Fine-point blank-here's what I'm trying to say. Do you still care for him?"

"Of course I do," I answered, before immediately experiencing one of those deer-in-the-headlights moments.

I felt his eyes penetrating me, trying to figure something out. I preoccupied myself by fishing a gooey tyrof from the bag.

"And vagueness doesn't become you, sweetheart," he said finally, still searching me, going deep to unearth my secret. "You know what I mean. Do you still care for him?"

I took a bite, chewing slowly. This answer was as impossible to answer unemotionally as it was for me to feel unemotional about it. "That's none of your business," I said, looking down.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," he said, crossing his arms. "It's just nice to know we're on the same page."

"We're never on the same page," I mumbled into my cup.

"So, I don't have the first clue why you're acting this way and, quite frankly, I don't want to have one," he said, before launching into a tyrof, annihilating half of it with one bite. "You're the kind of mystery that drives men to insanity trying to figure out." His words were muffled from the gob of dough and cherry turning over in his mouth. "Alright, so I'm taking off my protective brother hat and putting on my instructor one." He tossed aside the non-existent ball-cap on his head, replacing it with what I imagined to be a top hat from the way he mimed running his fingers around the bill.

"Super." I didn't hide my lack of enthusiasm as I nibbled off another bite.

"So you said you can feel something before your gift manifests ... when did you figure this out?" he asked evenly.

"Given my lack of social outlet as of late, I've had plenty of time for thinking," I began, setting my tyrof and coffee down-neither could win the battle for my attention with the man lying beside me. "I've been racking my brain, trying to come up with similarities or differences or anything that could help us figure this cursed thing out." I ran my hands down the length of my body. "And then a few days ago, I got that tingling-numb feeling-just barely a hint of it-but it was enough. It sparked my memory enough to know I'd felt the same thing, at about a hundred times the wattage"-I squinted from the word choicem the  two times before."

"What were you doing," he asked, setting his coffee aside, "when you felt the tingling touch of death?" He smiled darkly at me before popping the remaining half of the pastry in his cavernous mouth.

"I wasn't really doing anything," I said, drawing William's upturned hand into my lap. His skin felt warmer than the last time I'd touched it, more alive. He'd be waking soon ... and then he'd be gone again. I'd never wanted to see his eyes stay shut more. "I was just thinking."

Endless time to think; enough time to even think about thinking.

"What were you thinking about?" he asked, swallowing.

"Everything," I answered, scrolling my fingers over the backside of William's hand.

"You're going to have to be more specific. Just a bit," he said humorlessly.

I heaved a sigh. "I was thinking about everything from why rainbows don't last to which team's going to win the Superbowl this year." I was being difficult and I knew it, but a woman's thoughts were meant to be kept private, especially not to be divulged to a man like Patrick who had the emotional height of a thimble.

"So it's going to be one of those days," he said, clearly not amused. "One where your deference is only outdone by your sarcasm."

I rolled my eyes to the ceiling. "Okay, so right before I felt ... it, I was thinking about Paul dying. How unfair it all was and how I was utterly, positively useless when it came to stopping it. How the Council was taking their sweet time to make their decision. How everyone around me winds up hurt or ... worse," I whispered, biting my lip.

"Hmmmmm," he mused to himself, tapping his fingers over his crossed arms. "Okay, so first time, Council was killing you, second time, badly-dressed thugs were attempting tokill me, third time, you were thinking about Pauly-Dearest dying ..." He walked to other side of the room, pacing back, looking perplexed.

"I've got nothing," he said finally. "I can't see any relationship between those three encounters. None whatsoever. What have you got?"

"Nothing," I said, exasperated. "None of it makes sense to me, either. I know," I said preemptively, anticipating his expression. "Big surprise."

He snorted. "You and I might have the most destructive constructive relationship in known existence. We're the original dynamic duo."

He managed to get a laugh out of me. "Yeah, well, I'm not being your green-cape wearing sidekick."

"Well, green isn't my color," he said solemnly, collecting the empty tyrof ba g and coffee cups. "You know that. It makes my skin look washed-out."

"To the bat cave," I said, lowering my voice a couple octaves.

He chuckled, heading for the door. "He'll be waking soon, probably a few hours at most,"-his voice took on the serious quality that had dominated Patrick and my conversations lately-"so stay if you like, but remember what we agreed to. When he wakes up, you leave him alone and let him get back to his life. He isn't a toy you get to pull out and play with whenever you so desire. You got that?"

"I understand," I said, turning my gaze to William's face, cherishing the fleeting moment. "I only wanted happiness for him."

"Well, you should be thrilled you got your wish," Patrick plucked an envelope from his back pocket and sailed it towards me. "He's happy in a way he never could have been with you." He passed through the doorway, nodding back at the envelope in my fingertips. "Could you make sure he gets that when he wakes up? Something tells me he's going to want to read that right away. You know, it's from someone special." He winked, pulling the door closed behind him.

The envelope took on a unique chill, likely due to knowing who the letter was from and what was written on the tri-folded piece of paper. I propped it up against the lamp of the nightstand, my hands shaking the entire way in their journey.

Patrick was right, I should have been the very picture of happy: William was going to be alright, Paul was saved from an untimely death, and William had found someone to fill in the holes I'd punched in his life. Happiness should have been my steady-state for the next decade at the very least.

So I didn't understand how I felt nothing but an ache that seemed to sink into the marrow of my bones.

CHAPTER TWENTY

GOODBYE

Patrick was right. Again.

It wasn't more than an hour-a heartbeat-before William's muscles twitched to life, his arms contracting around me with such strength I could almost feel the shattered pieces of my life coming back together.

"Mmmm,"-he nestled his face into my hair-"I'm dead, aren't I?" he asked, his voice hoarse from the extended sleep.

I shook my head, burying it deeper into his chest. His arms responded by pulling me tighter. "Surely this is Heaven."

I couldn't disagree with him, but I knew his lack of lucidity had him confused as to who was lounging in his arms.

"You're not dead," I said. "Open your eyes and that will become pretty clear." I could only hope he wouldn't jump to the likely conclusion he'd ended up in hell given the present company.

His eyelids lifted, revealing a set of eyes that were still able to reflect my coveted future. A future I'd chased off, but I could still see it regardless.

A smiled pulled up his mouth, one that was equal parts shy and sweet. "Dreaming then?" he asked, melting my cheek with the warmth coming from his hand.

Again, I couldn't disagree with him, this was the best kind of dream, but I couldn't waste any more time helping him ascertain reality. I knew Patrick would be busting through the door soon, prying me away from his brother if need be.

As predicted, a rapping sounded at the door. "You awake in there, brother?" Patrick hollered, not pausing for an answer. "You've done enough, Bryn. Come on out and leave William alone." Patrick had a talent for making you understand just what he meant without actually saying it.

"I'm coming," I fired back, irritated by the reminder, but planning on holding up my end of our bargain. Patrick had given me more time than I was entitled to with William the past couple of days; I wouldn't show my gratitude by going back on my promise to leave when William woke up.

"You've got one minute," he warned.

"Got it," I hollered back, turning my attention back to William.

"Have you changed so much that you concede to Patrick without battling a few hundred rounds?" he smiled, but his eyes were sad.

"Change is the one thing we can count on," I said, putting on my brave face. "The only thing we can be sure of will be with us to the end."

He didn't respond, he just studied me, searching for something. "Why are you sad?" he asked, his honey-thick voice breaking through at last.

"Why wouldn't I be?" I said, not intending for the words to be verbalized.

"Perhaps because the man you love is alive, will always be alive," he said, his face and voice guarded.

I felt a bout of panic, assuming he was talking about himself and I'd failed to keep an indifferent front with him, but then he glanced at the door, where Paul waited two rooms down. His face twisted infinitesimally, but it was enough to give away that the damage I'd done to him hadn't fully healed.

"I don't know why I'm sad," I said, letting my hands support my heavy head.

"Yes, you do," he said softly. "You've got something weighing on you so heavily, you can't even look at me right now. Let it go, Bryn."

"You don't want to know. Trust me." I closed my eyes, refusing to let any tears fall.

"Trust me, I do," he said, propping up on an elbow. "But how about I start? I've got something I need to tell you-"

"I know," I interrupted, sure my mission of keeping the tears at bay would go up in flames if I had to hear about ... her-thinking it felt like a dirty word. "Patrick already told me everything."

William's face lined. "He did?"

"Mm-hmm," I replied flippantly.

He looked down, opening his mouth, and then closed it. He ran his fingers through his hair, still looking confused. "And what did you think about everything?"

I inhaled, wishing I could come up with a better way to stall. If I'd been trapped in purgatory living without William, I'd now digressed to the inner circle of hell having to talk about him being with someone else. "I just want you to be happy," I said, barreling through the grapefruit sized lump in my throat. "I'm happy where I am and now you can be, too. I know there was a time when we thought we'd be with each other forever"-the grapefruit was warping into a melon-"but, like I said, things change. We've got to change with them if we want to survive."

His head fell back into the stack of pillows. "Wow. That's not how I thought that would go," he blew out an exaggerated sigh. "I really am an idiot."

"How did you expect it would go?" I asked, feeling the seconds we had left together ticking away.

"Not like this," he answered, covering his eyes with his hands. "It's your turn now-I'm finished. What's weighing on you?"

I cleared my throat, preparing to deliver my answer as evenly as crushed-girl possible.

"If you ever loved me," he said before I opened my mouth, "don't say 'it's nothing.'"

My back shook from the sobs I kept locked inside. I couldn't tell him the truth, he'd moved on, but a lie wouldn't form on my lips. It was the truth or silence, and it turns out, silence isn't always golden.

"It's alright," he soothed. "Everything will be alright."

It was his sweet voice that broke through my resolve to not look at him. I should have known, but of course the first thing my eyes found were his and they were drowning with concern.

"No, it won't. Nothing will be alright," I whispered, realizing I was traversing a road I couldn't turn back from.

"What is it?" he asked, sitting up. His hand wound around the back of my neck, pulling me closer. "Tell me."

"I can't," I said with no conviction, letting him close the distance between us. I was incapable of putting up a fight.

"You can-you know you can. There was a time when you trusted me with your life. Trust me again," he whispered, gazing at my lips, inching closer. If I was able to find a smidgen of willpower deep within, it was all over when his eyes came back to mine. They drew me to him like water pulled from a well-there as no escape, it was inevitable.

Instead of being a victim to his enticement, I became an active participant. Our mouths connected, all save for the thin strip of air separating them, when I stopped ... momentarily. I couldn't kiss him until he knew how I felt, until he knew this wasn't just a weak lapse in judgment, but coming from the depths of my core. "William, I-"

"Time's up!" A materialized Patrick fog-horned right outside my ear.

"Damn it, Patrick," William growled through closed teeth, keeping his hands and eyes locked on me.

Patrick's presence brought me back to my senses, back to reality. Willpower was something I was incapable of with William. I scooted down to the edge of the bed, still not able to free myself of his magnetic pull.

I stood up, moving to the opposite corner of the room. His eyes didn't leave me and he wasn't hiding the disappointment in them, but it wasn't the kind of disappointment I hoped it was-the kind that came from regretting we'd let the moment pass us by. The disappointment came from my weakness, my inability to stay away from him, despite knowing he was with someone else. I'd just about become the "other woman."

"Could you give us a minute," William said to Patrick, more commanding than requesting. "And by minute, I don't mean a literal minute."

"Sorry, no can do, brother," Patrick said firmly, crossing his arms. "Bryn's man is about to wake and I imagine he'll have a few questions for her to sort through." He looked back at me, raising his eyebrows expectantly. "Isn't that right, Bryn?"

I nodded once, backing farther into the corner. I didn't let myself look at William, I couldn't take him seeing me for who I really was any more.

"Bryn," a strong voice vibrated down the hall, through the door.

"Ah," Patrick said, clapping his hands together. "There's our boy now. He transitioned fast, what a fine Immortal he'll be." Patrick's voice was thick with sarcasm. "Would you agree with me, William?"

I couldn't do it anymore, I couldn't stay in this room. When I heard Paul call out for me again, I took my escape, flying out the door.

William didn't call out for me, he didn't ask me to wait. I knew I shouldn't have expected him to, but there was still some tangle of hope that had wedged itself deep inside my heart and I couldn't twist it loose.

I entered Paul's room and what was taking place within was shocking enough to relieve my mind from the emotions running amuck. Paul was bouncing on his bed, spinning somersaults in the air every few hops, dressed in nothing but his plaid boxers.

He glanced over at me, bouncing higher. "Look at me," he shouted, running his hands down his torso. "I'm healed. It's a miracle," he said, pulling his best impersonation of a television evangelist.

Paul was probably the only person in the world who would wake up to a drastically changed body and take it at face-value, not assuming it was some kind of dream or hallucination. What a wonderful view to have of the world-that anything was possible. Only Paul "Mr. Rose-Tinted-Glasses" Lowe.

"Easy there, cowboy. Your head's going to punch a hole through the ceiling if you jump any higher," Patrick said, amused, from behind. "The owner might have just left the building, but that's no reason to go all Animal House on the place."

I spun on my heels. "Where is he?"

Patrick grinned, his face victorious. "Gone."

I lunged through the doorway, shouldering him into the wall in my haste.

"Where you going, Bryn?" Paul shouted after me. "You're going to miss the grand finale." I heard bed springs smash and burst, followed by a heavy grunt. I doubted if there'd be any vestige of the bed intact by the time I returned.

I burst into the room William had been in, seconds ago, only to find it empty. Nothing but a cyclone of blankets to prove he'd been here. A note was propped up on one of the pillows, the leather braided bracelet below it. I swallowed, rushing towards the bed. I didn't need to read the note to know what the message would be and I didn't want to. I didn't want to touch it, I wanted to pretend this was a figment of my warped imagination and I'd find my way back to reality sometime soon.

Telling myself to stop delaying the inevitable, I picked up his note, feeling my stomach twisting.

This was once my job, to protect you. It isn't any longer.

I read it again, the message just as clear as it had been on the first read through, so I don't know why I couldn't accept it, at least not from a few words penned on paper. I needed to hear it from him, his mouth, but he was gone ... or was he?

I was on auto-pilot, cancelling all thoughts and inhibitions out. I rushed into the hall, rounding the corner towards the entrance with such speed, I crashed into the opposite wall.

A form froze in the doorway, his hand on the doorknob, tentatively looking over his shoulder.

"Where are you going?" I asked needlessly. I already knew where and how he'd likely be welcomed home-with an eager set of arms and lips.

"Away," he said, offering nothing more.

I took a step forward, wanting to take every one keeping us apart, but I was frozen in place.

"You were going to leave without saying good-bye?" I asked, no longer able to keep the tears contained. I was sick of holding back.

His shoulders fell, his head following suit. "I didn't have a chance to say this before, but for closure's sake, I think I need to." His eyes aligned with mine, flat as a blank canvas. "Good-bye, Bryn," he said firmly, before throwing himself out the door, leaving me behind.

I couldn't find the words to respond in turn. I couldn't say them to him again. Once had taken enough of my soul away.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

FIRE

Patrick made the initial explanations since I'd fallen into a semi-coma the past twelve hours after losing William all over again. Paul had accepted it all without a question or peering about for cameras to see if he was being punk'd. I thought I'd accepted all the impossible mysteries of Immortality with ease, but Paul made me look like the severest of skeptics in comparison.

Patrick made sure to let me know I'd have the responsibility of tucking Paul under my wing since the one who'd changed him wasn't up for it ... something about having better things to do. I tried not to think about better things to do in a literal sense.

When I'd asked Patrick if he'd consider the Immortal equivalent of "mentoring" Paul, he'd keeled over laughing, saying he'd have even more motivation to figure out my talent training so he could use it to kill himself. As per usual, his sick humor was lost on me.

"Dying was like the best thing to happen to me," Paul said, throwing himself back onto the sofa, a wide smile making its way over to me. I couldn't get over the change in him, how he'd gone from knocking on death's door to radiating vigor.

As any and every female could attest to, Paul had been good-looking in his Mortal life, but the passage into Immortality had enhanced him in such a way he could have been the result of a Swedish model mating with a Greek God. He was a Disney hero incarnate-wide, roguish smile and all. "Well, maybe the second best thing to happen to me." His eyebrows danced feverishly my direction.

Patrick stuck his index finger in his mouth, throwing the book he had in his lap to the ground. "I'm through playing baby-sitter for one day. You kids going to be alright on your own or do I need to tuck you into bed with a warm cup of milk?"

"Thanks for the offer, but I think I've got the tucking into bed covered." Paul looked over at me, no hint of shyness in his expression, just rugged, assured confidence. It seemed Immortality had exponentially enhanced his confidence as well.

"Whatever you say, cowboy," Patrick said, obviously annoyed, as he rose from the chair. "See you two in the morning."

"You can stay here," I said, absently pushing back my cuticles.

"I'd rather not," he said, turning for the door. "I'll leave you two ... alone."

"This is great," Paul said, curling his hands behind his head and kicking his feet up on the coffee table. "There's bro-code for Immortals, too." He looked over at Patrick, bowing his head slightly. "I appreciate it, man. I'd say some alone time is definitely in order."

I heaved my exasperation. What exactly about my unending cold-front gave Paul the impression he was gaining footing? I was just about to launch into some snide reply when a flaming object hurled into the room, shattering the large picture window behind Paul.

My body responded instantly and efficiently. I rolled towards the couch, pulling Paul down and away from the window and where the flaming torch had ignited the carpet. Patrick moved as quickly, extinguishing the snarling flames with a blanket he'd pulled from the rocker.

"What the?" Paul said, looking between the two of us.

"I've got a bad feeling," Patrick said absently. "A really bad feeling."

I crouched next to Paul, covering him with my body as I scanned the room like a feral cat. There was a thick silence, none of us so much as breaking it with a breath, when hell decided to explode around us.

An inferno of torches broke through every window in the living room, falling in a circle around us. One landed on Patrick's back, igniting his shirt instantly, as if the flames were as supernatural as we were.

Afraid to move and expose Paul-he was Immortal, but new enough his skin would burn-I tossed Patrick one of the throw pillows from the couch. By the time it reached him, he'd already torn out of his shirt, but flames still scurried across his skin, diminishing once there was nothing left to ignite. This was the first time I'd seen Patrick shirtless and all I could think was that DNA had done the Hayward boys good.

Yep, situated at the epicenter of a raging fire, that was what went through my mind, but, thankfully, it was short-lived.

"We've got to get out of here," I yelled over at him, as the flames devoured the curtains.

Patrick shook his head. "It's a trap. They're trying to flush us out. We go out there, we're dead."

We'd arrived at the same conclusion, needing no faces to confirm who was the bearer of the flaming torches or who was waiting for us outside. "Paul's dead if we stay in here," I yelled, the flames becoming louder, hissing all around us. The bottom of the rocking chair was catching fire, smoldering with its imminent destruction.

"We stay here," Patrick commanded, crawling towards us, covering the exposed part of Paul's body with his.

"Something tells me they'll be waiting for us when there's nothing but ash left." I looked hard at Patrick and I knew he agreed. We were dead, either way, and perhaps with the chaos of the fire, either Paul or him-or both-could make an escape.

"So it comes to this again," Patrick said, a corner of his mouth pulling up. "You and me against the evil powers of the world."

I couldn't help smiling back, poor timing as it was. "We make a good team, when we're not fighting each other."

"Am I some sort of Immortal wimp?" Paul hollered up at us, looking furious we'd left him out of the equation.

"Yes," Patrick and I answered in unison.

"At least for now," I added, pulling him up with me.

Patrick came up beside Paul and glanced over at me. "Ready to throw down the pain?"

"I've been ready."

"You know that gift of yours?" he said, as we each wound an elbow through Paul's arms. "It would come in handy right about now."

"Point taken," I said, too much adrenaline shooting through me to worry about who I could kill or who I wouldn't kill.

"Jump!" Patrick yelled and the trio of us lunged through the picture window, bursting through the flames to the ground two floors below. We landed in unison, and near silence, crouching low to the ground, waiting.

We didn't wait long.

A half-circle of men holding more torches glided forward, their dark faces lit up by the orange flames licking around them. There was nothing that gave any designation of time and had someone been transported to this very moment, it would have been impossible to distinguish if we were surrounded by mercenaries in medieval England or Puritans back in Salem or the Klan in the deep South. The one thing about hate was that it was timeless, in the worst sense of the word.

"So we meet again, beautiful," a familiar voice broke through the night, transporting me back to a time when I was nothing more than an ordinary college girl with a sad past. "I always hoped we would."

Troy's stocky form broke forward from the line of torches-doing a quick count, there were just under forty smug-faced Inheritors. Leaving Patrick and me with twenty each. I'd seen worse odds, for instance, William falling in love with me ... but I wouldn't exactly call that a victory. So maybe we were screwed, but I'd make sure I'd be the first to die if that was our destiny.

"I always knew we would, Troy," I responded, taking a step forward. Patrick matched mine, followed by Paul. "I've got a little payback I've been meaning to deliver."

Troy chuckled. "This is why I like you so much, defiant to the end. It's too bad we just missed William, but don't worry"-the whites of his eyes gleamed in the darkness-"we won't leave him out."

"Over my dead body," I shouted, charging forward, but Patrick materialized in front of me, stopping me. I tried shoving around him, but Patrick hadn't become a strength instructor for no reason-he was as immovable as Mt. Everest.

Troy's grinned widened. "Exactly."

The line of men started forward, one unified step followed by another, nothing but smirks of destruction playing on their faces. I knew John went for intimidating, but whenever I'd had dealings with an army of his brutes, they more came across as meat-heads who were only capable of following one-word commands. Their strength might outmatch mine, but anyone with the wits of an ameba could outsmart them.

I heard Paul running forward, but I stopped him short. "Stay back!"

"Sorry, Bryn," he answered calmly, as if he was clueless as to the destruction surrounding us. "I've never been a bench-warmer and I'll be darned if I'm about to start."

He shoved past me, harnessing a power that wasn't typical in a new Immortal, right as the advancing wall of flames came to an abrupt stop. Seven new forms had crept in behind us from the darkness, positioning around us.

"What the hell are you doing here?" Patrick shouted, his face blanching white.

It took me a moment to figure out who the saviors around us were, but when one squared himself directly in front of me, holding his head in a very familiar way, I felt my own face falling white, surpassing Patrick's.

"No," I barely whispered, surging forward. I lunged past him, at break-neck pace toward the waiting men in front of us, praying once they had me, they'd leave the rest of them unharmed.

I made it half a body-length before his arms ringed around my waist, pulling me back against his chest while walking backwards towards his family.

"Let me go, William!" I yelled, trying to pry his grip from me. It was impossible-his arms were glued to me with a kind of permanency I wouldn't have minded if we'd been in any different situation.

"I didn't save you and turn you into an Immortal for nothing, Paul," William shouted, striding towards him. "For the love of god, protect her." He handed me over to Paul, but it felt forced, like he was fighting everything to do so.

Paul's arms replaced William's, positioning me tightly against him. Avoiding my eyes like they shot lasers, William turned and jogged back to the front of the line, taking his place between Nathanial and his father. Cora and Abigail were even there, although their husbands were fortressed in front of them, their faces snarling with warning. I pitied the man who even tried to lay a finger on Cora or Abigail. From the looks of their faces, Joseph and Nathanial would happily tear any who tried to microscopic shreds.

I'd had some dark thoughts in my twenty years of life, some deep fears, but never in the worst of them had I imagined this kind of horror-where William and his entire family, Hector included, would fall in their efforts to protect me. I wasn't worth one Hayward's life, let alone seven.

"Let me go." I struggled in Paul's arms, not able to break through them. He was strong, impossibly strong. It seemed Immortality and him really did go well together.

"It certainly is our lucky night," Troy said, stalling my efforts. "We come for three and we end up with ten. John will be ever so pleased. He's always said Immortality would be so much better without the Haywards a part of it. We'll make his wish a reality in about five minutes." His wide smile gleamed in the moonlight as his attention turned to William, the smile managing to stretch. "It doesn't look like you were able to tame her. I'd say she's only grown wilder," Troy said, his eyes shifting all about me in the I-need-to-take-a-shower-I-feel-so-dirty way. "But don't worry. I'm more than up to the task." He ran his thumbs over his belt, pulsing his h*ps my direction.

William roared, sounding more animal than man, charging straight for Troy.

Troy snapped his fingers and forty torches crashed to the ground as the line of goliaths charged forward with destruction on their faces. The ground shook like an earthquake as they bore down upon us, but the eight bodies surrounding Paul and me responded in equal, charging into the army of dark-suited men. Bodies clashed, one of John's to one of ours, the remaining thirty intent upon another target.

In a unified leap, the men tackled William, piling over him in a haystack of limbs and aggression. There wasn't a piece of him exposed, only dozens of balled fists moving as fast as pistons.

"Let me go," I demanded, struggling against Paul's hold. fontNow! I have to help him."

The Haywards were barraging towards the pile of bodies and I was useless. I was the most deadly thing here and I'd been sidelined.

Right before his brothers, the fastest of them, reached him, an explosion of men erupted from the pile. William stood at the epicenter of the explosion, like Poseidon rising from the sea, looking unhurt and invincible. I knew from personal experience he was neither.

There was one moment of calm-as everyone gaped wide-eyed at William's impossible strength-and then the flood gates opened.

The tossed-aside men righted themselves, pouncing on the nearest Hayward. The majority of Troy's men concentrated their efforts on William, Patrick, and Hector, although the remaining five didn't have it easy. Nathanial and Joseph stayed strategically positioned, trying to keep Abigail and Cora in the center, but the girls were managing to hold their own.

It didn't seem right that someone five foot nothing like Cora could throw down with men twice her size and Abigail's courtesan-like ways were definitely not aligning with the woman I saw before me, moving as powerfully and stealth-like as a panther.

Even with the Hayward's and Hector's obvious skill, the number of men Troy had brought along couldn't be overcome. One would be sent flailing into the outskirts to only be replaced by two more. It was like trying to damn the Amazon with a few twigs.

"If you don't let me go right now," I warned, watching William take a fist to his jaw "I'm never going to speak to you again."

Paul let out an unimpressed sounding whistle, pulling me further from the warzone. "What, are we back in junior high or something?"

"Dang it, Paul," I yelled, stomping down on his foot. He didn't even flinch. "Quit treating like I'm some damsel in distress."

"I'm supposed to protect you and that's exactly what I'm going to do," he said, but before I could argue back, a body torpedoed towards us. The man crashed into us with an impact that sent us flying backwards, suspended in the air long enough to feel like we were flying. We barraged through William's tool shed, splitting wood and garden tools before thudding to the ground. I glanced over at Paul who had a look on his face that made me think of a cartoon character with stars orbiting their head. He was fine, save for a few cuts and scraps that would heal in a few minutes time.

The man who'd charged us marched through the entryway Paul and I had just created in the shed. He headed straight for Paul who was still trying to shake away the stars.

I flipped off my back, grabbing for the shovel laying beside me on the way up. I lunged in front of Paul, gripping the shovel like a bat, and swung for the fences. The man's midsection took the hit, sending him flying backwards. He somersaulted through the air, crashing to the ground several yards away-no need to worry about him anytime soon.

"Damsel in distress?" I tossed the shovel to the side, giving Paul a hand up.

"More like damsel of destruction." He gave his head a final shake. "So you can hold your own in a fight. That totally turns me on," he said, sweeping his pants clean. "But you're not going out there in the middle of that cluster f-bomb."

"Watch me." I shot him a glare, before gunning for the exit.

"Not a chance." His arms ringed around me, wrestling me back into the shed.

"I'm warning you, Paul Lowe," I snarled, twisting back and forth like a wild animal.

"Oooo, I'm so scared."

"Final warning." I stopped scrambling about in his arms, ready to deliver the next one of two actions, all contingent on Paul.

"And this is my final warning to you. Behave or-"

His words were vanquished by my fist. His grip had loosened just enough when I'd stopped struggling that I'd had just enough wiggle room to bring my right arm around into his jaw.

"Crap, Bryn." His arms left me, probably moving to examine his face which I'd hit no harder than a Mortal-strength punch, but I didn't stop to turn around to apologize or make sure his face, or ego, weren't too damaged.

I flipped through the hole in the shed, breaking into warp speed one stride later, with only one destination in mind. I heard Paul's footfalls rush after me, but I wasn't worried he'd get to me before I got to William.

He was surrounded by eight men, fending them off with strategically placed strikes and ducks timed right before a hit could connect, when I leapt over the circle of men around him. I pressed my back into his, at least able to protect half of him, as I drove my palm into the neck of the nearest man. He sailed through a window opening of William's house, which had been fully consumed by fire and smoke. Nothing of it would be left standing in an hour.

"Thanks for saving me some," I said, barely tilting my head back to him. He froze, his back going rigid against mine, as if just realizing I'd joined the party. One of his hands grabbed mine, in the most natural kind of way. There was destruction surrounding us and this touch-his touch-faded it all away. It was a moment like this that made dying the next moment acceptable.

I noticed two men charging for me, but I didn't respond. That would have required me removing my hand from William's and if it meant dying to keep it planted in his, I was just fine with that.

The men were a lunge away from crushing me and my only response was a squeeze of William's hand, my inaudible good-bye. The men's heads suddenly collided together before they were tossed to the side, Paul taking their spot in front of me. "If we survive this, you are so in trouble."

"What about protecting her did I not make clear?" William hollered back to Paul, pulling his hand away.

"This girl's got the meanest right hook I've ever met," Paul answered, reaching for his jaw.

"Just wait until you feel mine," William grumbled, his back twitching from whatever beating he was dealing out.

"Boys," I said, in the middle of thrusting my forearm into the throat of the gorilla moving man gunning for me. "Can we do this later?"

"Gladly," William answered, heaving a man over both our shoulders.

"Can't wait," Paul said, ducking as a refrigerator-sized boulder sailed at his head.

Two men, the giants of these monster-sized men sent for us, appeared in front of me. One cocked his neck to the side, the other popped his knuckles-a tad melodramatic if you ask me-before they launched towards me.

Still backed up against me, I wound my elbows through William's. Needing no command, he bent forward, just enough so that both my legs were in position to punch into the breastplates of the charging Goliaths. My legs surged forward, my feet connecting with their intended targets. The sound of splitting bone was the only resistance the duo put up as they sailed away from us into the dark forest.

Two down, a seeming thousand more to go.

William shifted me back to the ground, just as another typhoon of men came down upon us. It appeared every last member of Troy's army had diverged on the three of us and, with their swollen numbers, they managed to separate the three of us quickly.

I heard William call out for me, but I was so deep in concentration attempting to block the endless flood of arms and legs coming at me, I couldn't conjure up a response. I was moving as fast as my Immortal body was capable of, but it wasn't enough. Every second that went by, I felt more and more strikes make contact with my body.

Something pounded against my head, dulling the roar of screams around me to a muffled echo, and, for the first time since I'd been Immortal, blurred my sight so that colors and shapes were impossible to make out. I crashed to the ground, sounding like a ton of cinder blocks.

"Bryn!" William screamed, but I was so messed up, I couldn't tell which direction his voice was coming from.

"I was hoping to kill two birds with that stone," Troy's voice was discernable and I guessed he was the hazy dark shape filling my field of vision. "Paul moved faster than you, but that's alright. This was the birdy I wanted anyways." Fingers stroked through my hair a couple of times.

I don't know if it was a surge of adrenaline that helped normalize my senses, or perhaps Immortality was just that efficient in keeping us well-oiled machines, but my vision and hearing returned at almost the same time. Troy's jilted smile was the first thing I saw, right before I heard William call out for me again.

This time I was able to make out which direction it was coming from. I looked to the side, managing to catch a glimpse of him through a sliver-sized opening between the dozens of legs around me.

He wasn't fighting anymore, he was trying to shove his way through the men beating at him like he was a punching bag. I only saw his face for a second before it was swallowed by the ocean of arms and legs clubbing him to the ground.

"Move her out of here," Troy instructed, aligning himself in front of my gaze. I twisted onto my side, going to crawl on my stomach to William if need be, but before I squirmed an inch, I was hoisted onto the shoulder of someone. My head thudded against his back, bouncing against it every other step he took in his sprint away from the fight.

"Go, Paul!" William's strained voice called out. "They're taking her!"

I didn't hear any more because the man whose shoulder I was riding could've competed with a bullet in the 400 meter. The air around me was jetting over us, creating a slip-stream in our wake. No one needed to tell me what this Immortal's gift was.

Barely a minute later, but for speed's sake, we could have crossed the French border, we surged to a stop.

"Stella, where are you?" the man hissed into the dark night, shifting me to the ground.

"Right in front of you, you half-wit." Dressed for what you'd think to be the social event of the decade, Stella sauntered towards us, leering at me the entire journey. She kneeled beside me, moving her mouth just outside my ear. "I've been looking forward to this day," her feline voice purred as she ran her hand down my face. About mid-way down my jaw, her nails dug into the flesh, tearing down the line of my neck.

The warm liquid I felt follow led me to the conclusion it wasn't only her voice that was feline. "I'm going to enjoy this." Her hand gripped into the hollow of my shoulder and whatever power I had left in me drained out of me like water moving through a funnel. I wasn't just powerless feeling, but empty feeling. Like I'd never known an emotion and I never would. Her laugh chimed several octaves higher than soprano-qualification. "What do you think of your first time with me? Nothing quite like it, is there?"

So payback wasn't just a bitch, it was a bitch dressed in heels and Versace.

"You can play later, Stella," Troy said, coming up behind us. "We've got work to do right now. Get her arms and legs tied," he yelled back at one of the men rustling through the trees. "And Stella, I don't have to remind you not to take a finger off of her for even the shortest second, do I?"

"The idiots, Troy," she sneered, "are the males dressed in blah suits. Don't insult me again or else you might get to know my touch." She raised her eyebrows at him.

He chuckled, licking his lips. "Last I recalled, it wasn't all that spectacular."

Her eyes narrowed into slits, her fingers managing to drill deeper into my skin.

"Now this one," he said, crouching beside me, "something tells me I could get very used to her touch." I didn't need to look at his face to know the lust that was formed around it. "If John wasn't so eager to have her back, I wouldn't be wasting time with chit-chat."

"Stella, back away," I said, trying to twist away from her to no avail. "Troy wants to feel my touch." I eyed my challenge at him.

Troy grinned, moving aside to let a pale-faced boy who'd barely had his driver's license when he'd been Immortalized bind my wrists with something that looked like shiny chrome barb-wire.

I gave Troy an unimpressed look. "You think that's going to detain me? Isn't that kind of like binding me with a wet noodle?" The boy moved seamlessly to my ankles, twisting the same thing around them in a figure-eight formation.

As soon as the boy moved away, I popped my wrists and ankles against the metal restraints I'd assumed would snap instantly. Instead, the metal only contracted around me farther, its sharp prongs bursting through my skin. A flash of fire singed over my skin where the metal ran. I yelped, sadly more due to the pain than the shock of it.

"What do you think of my little invention?" Troy asked, stepping back into view. "It's my version of an Immortal-grade restraint. Convincing, isn't it?"

I didn't chance a response. I was still grinding my teeth from the shockwaves of pain and there was no way I was going to cry out in front of him again.

"Well, we better get going," Troy said, more to me than the men around him. "Although it's a shame we left so many Haywards still standing. Although they won't stay that way for long." He drilled his eyes into me, annunciating each syllable just so it fed the fury bursting in me.

Despite Stella's debilitating hold, I felt the thing inside me I never wanted to hear from again flicker to life. Not quite as immediate as a light-switch, but close enough to make it dangerous. I felt it spreading through the far reaches of my body, bubbling to the surface of my skin, ready to erupt. All I needed was the shortest second of freedom from her and I'd no longer be an invalid Immortal, but the angel of death incarnate.

"Bryn!" A voice crashed through the woods, followed by a body breaking through saplings and anything that stood in its path from the sound of snapping and splintering. Paul's voice was all I needed. Stella shifted in the direction of Paul's voice, her hand loosening infinitesimally, but I was ready and waiting for it.

I popped my shoulder up, forcing her hand to break contact. Her face christened with horror before she readjusted it in place ... but I was ready for her. For the first time since I'd learned what I was capable of, I wasn't desperate to keep it contained. I was welcoming it, willing it to the surface. My skin was buzzing by the time her fingers curled back into my shoulder.

Her body bolted away from mine like she'd been electrocuted, blasting a boulder into smithereens as she shot through it.

So maybe payback was more the thing of sneaker-wearing oddballs.

I eyed Troy, still lying below him, bound up and unmoving, but I could tell from his expression it was like he was looking at something as final as the Council's verdict of death. It was the first moment of exhilaration I'd felt in awhile.

"I'm going to enjoy wiping that smirk off your face the next time I see you," he said, running his tongue over his lips. "Oh, the possibilities."

"Bryn!" Paul's voice was closer, nearly upon us, and it sounded like there were more bodies behind him crashing towards us.

"Time to move on out, boys," Troy hollered at the men waiting around him. "See ya, beautiful." He kissed the air in my direction before turning into a blur of light disappearing into the trees. Nothing but the rush of wind announced the departure of John's army, disappearing as suddenly as they'd appeared. They were gone, but had anyone besides Paul and me survived?

"Don't touch me!" I shouted at Paul as he ran full-bore my way, but the words wouldn't hit him before he collapsed into me.

From some place deep within, those places we don't even know exist until sheer need brings them out, I felt awareness come to the surface. I'd turned this death machine on with near the speed of flicking on a switch, I could turn it off as quickly.

Seeing Paul's frantic form about to fall around me, I closed my eyes, stalling time. Stalling death. I looked for the switch, searching for it like so much more than my life depended on it, but the darkness swirling inside of me blinded my way.

I could feel Paul's energy closing around mine when I found it. The switch flipped, followed by an internal sigh of relief, as Paul crashed to a stop against me. His hand went immediately for my cheek, the other searching over the rest of me for any damage done ... although it felt a bit too explorative over certain areas of my body to be innocent in nature.

"Are you alright?" he asked, his eyes flicking away from mine every blink to search over my body.

I looked into his face, admiring the life and color that still flowed in it. A few months ago, I would have killed him, but somewhere along the way, in the midst of nearly killing William and thinking about and training my gift until I'd gone crazy in the head, I'd gained an understanding of it. Not quite a mastery, but a certainty I was on my way there. The gift was a piece of me, it didn't define me, and it certainly didn't control me. I was foolish to let it decide my fate, but leaving William would be the last mistake I'd let it make-although that was really the only mistake that counted and the one I couldn't reverse.

Pushing this enlightened sense of self aside-at least for now-I answered Paul, "I'm phenomenal. How about you?" I tried sitting up, but he pressed me back down.

"I'm fine, well, actually, I need to tell you something and then I'll be fine," he said, leaning down over me. "And since you're bound up with no where to go, now's as good a time as any."

I wove my bound wrists under his arm. "This really isn't a good time," I said, lifting them in explanation.

"There's never a right time with you, but you don't really have a say in it, bossy. Since I'm the one without the wrist and ankle restraints, my word goes."

"After tonight," I said, glowering more with each word, "there never will be a right time with me again if you keep this whole chauvinistic cave-man act up."

He rolled his eyes, unconcerned. "I had to come to terms back there that I might never see you again," he said, his forehead lining. "That I might find you dead and I'd have to live with you never knowing how I felt about you."

I'd just escaped one nightmare to find myself in another. This wasn't happening. "This really isn't the right time for this." I shoved myself up to only be flopped back down to the ground. This time he straddled me with his arms, leaning in too close to let myself believe I was misreading his intent.

"So help me, Paul Lowe," I warned through clenched teeth.

"Just shut up, Bryn," he whispered, his breath breaking against mine. "Shut up for once in your life or I'll have to make you."

I closed my eyes, the only fight I could muster as he closed the remaining distance between us. His lips pressed into mine, warm and pleasant as the morning sun, and when they moved against mine with a passion that would have surely torn down the embattlements of many finer women, I felt nothing.

Nothing but skin coming in contact with mine. There were no tingles, no butterflies, no responses to affirm that I'd been made for anyone other than the one man I'd have to live my life away from forever.

He rested a final kiss on the corner of my lips, his breathing rushed and shallow. "Was that so bad?"

I sucked in a long breath, taking the time to compose myself before I went off on him. Opening my eyes, ready to glare into his, something off to my right caught my attention, where a shadowed figure was bracing himself against an ancient birch.

I didn't need a ray of moonlight to cast over his face to see the expression covering it. His eyes were staring straight into mine and an emotion that was too extreme to decipher was etched onto his face. The intensity of it scorched its origination point. It could have been anger, it could have been sorrow, but whatever it was, I would never find out. He darted into the darkness, swallowed whole by the night.

"You A-hole!" I shouted, punching my fists into Paul's chest. "Get off of me and do me a favor, don't ever touch me again."

His eyebrows pinched together, like he couldn't understand what I'd just said or why I'd said it. I may have been the first girl to turn a fire hose on Paul Lowe, but I wouldn't be the last if he continued to make such miscalculated, brazen shows of affection.

I flipped over and army crawled away from him, needing a football field length of distance in case I couldn't control myself from slapping him when I finally got these darn restraints off.

"She's aliiiiiiive!" Patrick's voice burst through the trees, his arm beckoning the sky in a Mary Shelly kind of way. He jogged towards me, still shirtless and nearly pantless. It looked like he'd been attacked by a rabid pack of werewolves. "Hey, Immortal handcuffs, sweet. I haven't seen any of this stuff since we high-tailed it out of Newburg."

I rolled over and sat up, not forgetting to keep my glare aimed at Paul where he still crouched shock-faced a way's back. "You know how to get them off?"

"I might," he said, penning his index finger over his chin. "But what are you going to give me in exchange?"

Why did I find myself surrounding by two more-boys-than-men, acting like they'd just fought to win a potato-sack race? This was why women were going to rule the world ... by the looks of it, one day very soon.

"What do you want?" I asked, trying to control my voice.

He popped into a crouch beside me, sliding his neck side-to-side. "What you got to give ..."-his eyebrows danced and he wet his lips-"that I want?"

I shoved him onto his backside before coming to a stand. I towered over him, the constraints over my wrists bursting through my skin again from the involuntary flexing of my muscles. "Trust me, you don't want to go there with me right now. Ask him," I hollered down where Paul was, "if you'd like further explanation."

"My sense of teasing is completely lost on you," Patrick said, hoisting himself back up. "It's a shame, too. Most people tell me my sense of humor is my best quality, only outdone by my otherworldly good looks."

"I'm surrounded by morons," I muttered, making certain both the accused in question could hear me, before I began hopping away from them. I was positive I looked like a psychotic Easter bunny terrorizing the woods.

"Bryn?" a deep voice said, breaking into an amused chuckle.

"Hey, Hector," I said, ceasing my hopping. Had I seen him at the grocery store, I would have never guessed he'd just battled an army of Immortals that outnumbered him six to one. There was barely a smudge of dirt to be found on him. "I know how ridiculous I look," I offered preemptively, "but can you please just get these things off of me?" I held my wrists out for him.

"I think for the first time in your case,"-he reached around into his back pocket-"I've got something I can fix easily for you." He pulled out a silver set of nail clippers ... not exactly what I'd been expecting. A machete, chain-saw, and the jaws-of-life were more what I had in mind.

"This stuff if the toughest weak material in the free world." He clipped the wire around my wrists first; it tangled free instantly. He'd just freed my ankles when the moron twins showed up.

"So you made it out alive," Hector said, standing. "Did everyone else?" he asked it so evenly I knew he wasn't just referring to Paul and Patrick-he was wondering it I'd offed any of John's men.

"I left everyone alive," I said darkly. "But I'm not sure if that's a good or a bad thing."

"It's a good thing. Trust me," he said immediately. "Death might be the end of it for the person that passes, but it haunts the one who brought it on forever." His face went blank-transported to another time, I guessed-a time when death had been his life.

"You caught our runaway bunny," Patrick hollered, smirking at me as he wound through the trees.

"Bite me," I said, flashing my freed wrists. "Next time you find yourself handcuffed, here's a tip, don't come looking for my help."

He tilted a mischievous brow that was so masterful it made me long for William. "What if you're the one doing the handcuffing?"

"You remember that extended vacation I mentioned," Hector interjected, as I worked at keeping my tongue between my teeth. "I'm still on it."

I extended my appreciation to Hector with my eyes. "Where's everyone? Are they alright?" I looked over Hector's shoulder absently.

"Everyone's fine. They're cleaning up the mess. Thankfully, smoldering ashes and uprooted trees clean up easier than bodies."

I swallowed. "Everyone's back there?" I asked, trying not to sound hopeful.

Hector got my gist. "I passed William on my way here and he had an urgent mission he had to get back to," he said, not able to look me in the eyes.

"I wasn't aware we were calling getting back to a girl a mission now," Patrick said, "but hey, works for me. I need to get me more missions like that."

Hector shot Patrick a look, one of warning or confusion, I wasn't sure, but it did wipe the smile from his mouth.

"I'll go help," I said, my mind flashing back to William's expression when he'd seen Paul and me. I glanced up at the night sky and in the canvas of a star clustered night, one flashed at me, as bright and beckoning as the sunrise.

Hector gripped my arm. "I'm afraid you're on the first plane out of here," he commanded, as if he was delivering an edict at the seat of the Council table. "John's ego doesn't tolerate defeat, so we can expect them back. Soon. And if you thought they brought an army this time, just wait." His eyes drifted behind me where I could hear Paul making his way towards us. His steps were hesitant-so he wasn't completely oblivious. "And the only way we can protect you is from Montana where even someone as arrogant as John would think twice about ordering an attack."

Patrick cleared his throat. "Yeah, that theory didn't work out so well for Bryn and me a while back."

Hector grinned without emotion. "We weren't expecting them then. We are now. The element of surprise is gone. John may be brazen, but he isn't stupid." He looked at me with feigned reassurance. "You'll be safe."

"Thanks for those warm fuzzies," I said, "but I don't really care a whole lot about my safety right now. You've all risked enough for me and maybe it's time you start thinking about your own safety. I should just hand myself over to John and we can be finished with this business." The idea was appealing in so many ways, especially after experiencing the way William had just looked at me. Despite not knowing if it had been anger or disappointment or something in-between on his face, one thing was clear; it was utterly void of any fondness.

"I hate to make our concern for your safety seem anything but chivalrous-"

"But you're going to."

Hector shot a look at Patrick and continued, "But we wouldn't put it past John to conceive of some way to extract whatever is inside of you and turn it into some bottled form of weaponry."

"You're saying I'd essentially be the source code for John's own Immortal version of a weapon of mass destruction?" I'd never allowed that idea to enter my mind, but it should have. I knew John was capable of worse.

"Precisely," Hector said, looking relieved he didn't have to explain any further, "and I do apologize that this brings your mission of being out on your own to an end, but we cannot risk your gift potentially being manufactured to be bought and sold by the highest bidder."

"So the possibilities are endless," I muttered, my prior knowledge of me being able to kill anyone at the snap of a finger somehow seeming brighter given the recent revelations. "So why go through all this trouble?" I crossed my arms, attempting to sound strong. "Why doesn't the Council just take me out of the equation? That's the safest alternative we've got ... the best alternative."

"When do we sign the petition?" Patrick asked, silenced by either Paul or Hector's glare.

"That's very noble of you, but there are several reasons why that is nowhere near the best alternative."

"I'm sure they're not better than the reasons to end me." It was surprisingly easy talking about my death, like discussing the barometric pressure.

"Other than death never being a solution to any problem"-I was taller than him, but Hector had an uncanny way of looking down at you no matter the height difference-"and that we are Guardians-tasked with preserving both Mortal and Immortal life-I highly doubt any of us would be left standing if we did in fact agree to kill you."

"Oh, that," I said, remembering what I'd done to the last Council who'd been intent on my destruction. "I'm getting a better grip on that, really, and-"

"You're not the one I'm afraid of," Hector said, looking at me in such a way I knew there was something I was meant to pick up on between the lines.

Patrick stepped forward abruptly. "Let's put a kibosh on that train of thought, Hector. Anyways, we've got some work to do and you're right, Bryn needs to get back to Montana ... yesterday."

"You're right, explanations can be saved for later. Our first priority is getting Bryn home." The word wrapped around me like a cozy blanket. Home, the place I never thought I'd see again, but would it still be home without William? I knew from experience after I'd returned to the house I'd grown up in after my parents had died, it wouldn't. Home wasn't a place, home was where those you loved were.

"Exactly," Patrick agreed.

"That's why you're going to be escorting her back," Hector said, drawing out each word.

Patrick's expression fell. "Super. I've been downgraded to personal security guard. I better start stockpiling polyester suits and getting my hair done at SuperCuts now."

"Glad to see you're so eager for the mission. Take the other one with you." Hector nodded at Paul, not looking pleased he was on the other side of Mortality. "We've got more than one mess to clean up it appears."

"Yeah, well you can thank my brother for that one."

Hector grinned before heading back in the direction of the chalet, or at least where it had been before it had been reduced to a pile of smoldering rubble. "It seems we've had a lot to 'thank' him for lately."

Paul smirked at Hector's back. "Yeah, well you know the problem with chosen ones. They get a little defiant after decades of people telling them what they can and can't do ..."

"Who they can and can't love," Hector added in the distance.

"We don't have to worry about that anymore," Patrick said, more to himself than Hector.

"I'm not so sure about that, old friend." Hector's voice carried in the breeze, oddly filling me with a hope that had depleted a continent back.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

SWEET HOME MONTANA

The only thing that was more awkward than the silent ten hour flight back to Montana was the drive home from the airport. I didn't know silence could be that loud and I certainly never thought I'd see the day where both Patrick and Paul-talkers to a flaw-could keep their mouths sealed shut for the better part of a day.

But alas, miracles do happen.

I knew Paul and I would have to talk eventually-to bridge the topic of him assaulting me with his lips-but I was going to let some time pass in hopes I would cool down and it would give him time to think about the lunacy of his actions.

Patrick and I ... well, this was our relationship M.O.-beating each other down with silence until one of us broke and then we'd get along for all of two seconds before serving up our next dose of silent treatment.

"Hang out here for awhile," Patrick ordered, popping the silence bubble, as we pulled into Joseph and Cora's driveway. "Don't leave, stay put. I'm going to get cowboy situated back at the main house and then I'll be back. You think you can handle that?" he asked, elbow propped over the steering wheel of Charles' refurbished '72 F-150. I took a full-length look at him, only able to stifle my laughter because I'd had twelve hours of practice.

Adorned in nothing but a soot-streaked pair of boxers back in Munich, we'd been forced to stop at the first open store we came across on our way to the airport. It was a ma-and-pop gas station that doubled as a souvenir store. A hokey, over-the-top, souvenir store.

Since the Germans adhered to the same no-shirt, no shoes, no service policy as we Americans did, I'd been tasked with finding him an outfit since he was sure he'd end up looking like a frat boy if Paul picked him out something to wear. They didn't carry Patrick's preferred designer-label digs and, taking my payback however I could get it, I picked out a stunning pair of suede shorts that were short for a teenage girl, a t-shirt depicting an ample female bust in a tiny bikini top striped with the colors of the German flag, and a pair of clogs-two sizes too small-to finish off the masterpiece.

Perhaps my outfit selection was the main reason for his silent treatment, but it was so worth it to watch every head turn and hear the rumble of laughter as we walked through the airport.

"Stay here," I repeated, offering a lazy salute as I hopped out of the cab. "I think I can manage that."

It didn't look like he really believed me, but he pounded the gas, slamming the passenger door shut on me, as he left behind a cloud of acceleration-induced dirt and gravel.

Paul didn't even look back. He was more dejected than I thought he would be. The time had done wonders on my anger, but had only heightened the awkwardness between us. Judging from his demeanor, we'd have to have that talk sooner rather than later.

It will be alright, I could do this, I encouraged myself. Like ripping off a bandaid ... Paul, I don't feel that way for you, and oh yeah, by the way, I never will. Ouch! Yowza! But the sharp pain would disappear as quickly as it'd appeared. I could do that; tough conversations had become my specialty.

I watched the dust-trail settle before turning to go inside, letting the Montana air make its way back into my system. I was home, if in only the sense of where I felt I belonged, but I also knew, by everyone else's standards, I didn't belong here anymore. Another woman would call this home, it wasn't mine to claim anymore.

I climbed the wooden steps, plucking the key from its hiding spot-underneath the doormat. You would have thought Immortals were more original than that.

The house smelled the same, lavender with a hint of sage, and looked the same-right down to the offensive chair in the living room. I'd left this place, alone and feeling powerless against myself, and I was returning as an Immortal who was well on her way to mastering her gift. The alone part hadn't changed any and never would. I'd left to protect him and he'd been in nothing but danger trying to protect me and now I was back, in control, and he was gone-in every sense of the word.

The portrait hanging on the stairwell-my favorite-stopped me as it had every time before. It was taken at Pacific City about fifty years back. In it were four brothers, arms slung over bare shoulders, damp haired, and heads tossed back from the laughs coming from their mouths. Only one pair of eyes was opened and staring straight into the camera, straight at me. They were William's and he'd told me an instant before Cora snapped the picture, he'd been overcome with a vision.

A vision of me. It seemed too much the thing of make believe, but he assured me, when that camera flashed, cementing this moment in time, I was the only thing that flashed in front of him.

I'd stood in front of this photo while he'd been gone, staring into his eyes, knowing he was out there in the great beyond. I liked to pretend he was thinking about me and if I looked at it long enough, I could almost hear the thoughts in his mind: where are you, I'm waiting for you, come find me. The emotion in his eyes was that strong.

The thing about photos, though, was that they didn't change like minds do. I might have been all he wanted at that moment fifty years ago, but his face would never form around that expression of fondness again in my presence.

I couldn't stare at it any longer. I took the stairs three at a time, ducking into the bathroom at the end of the hall, hoping I could forget the tears winding down my face and the person who'd created them if I turned the shower on full blast.

I was better, at least hygienically, after the scalding hot shower. The sun had been gone awhile when I decided to leave my sentinel from Joseph's favorite chair, trying to conjure back the last time I'd been in it. Patrick wasn't hurrying to get back to me and I'm sure it wasn't unintentional. I wandered around the back of the house, trying to convince myself it wasn't on purpose, that I wasn't going to return to the home that had been nothing but a frame and a dream last time I'd been there. Just a look, a quick look, I told myself. I was interested in seeing if any more had been completed, that was it, nothing more.

However, had someone hooked me up to a lie detector, the needles would have been scratching away like mad.

Having made my decision, I was in a hurry to get there, before the reasonable piece of me turned my nosey little self around. I tore through the meandering fields, passing a herd of running deer like they were standing still. I roared to a stop the instant I broke through the tree-line into the oval-shaped open field.

The house was finished. All it needed was the glow of light streaming from the windows to pronounce it a home. I had a Miracle on 34th Street moment. It was like someone had known exactly the house I wanted-as if they'd extracted the plans from my head-and crafted it detail to detail to exact specification.

It was the blue shutters hugging every window that did it. I knew I should turn around, I knew there'd be nothing but heartache waiting for me inside if I didn't run away and forget I'd ever seen it.

William had never said it outright, but I knew this was intended to be our home one day. The home we'd create, the one I'd sit on the porch waiting for him to return from a mission, the one we'd spend more time in the bedroom than any couple probably should, and the one we'd spend an eternity of moments enjoying.

I gave myself an internal pinch. What might have been was just that; I'd lost the boy who'd painted the shutters my favorite shade of blue. These shutters would be repainted with a new shade, until everyone forgot about the original hue they'd worn.

I tried to turn away, but couldn't. I tried to close my eyes and was about as successful. It was like a siren's call was coming from inside the walls, beckoning to me in a way that made escape unattainable. Giving myself over to it, I closed the distance between the future that had been mine in another life and before I could conjure up another fight to drown out the siren's call, my hand was twisting open the front door. No fight, no matter how impressive it was, could pull me back now. I stepped through the door, entering the place of no return.

I didn't let my eyes wander around the first floor, I already knew what I'd find, I just focused on putting one foot in front of the other as I climbed the stairs. The house smelled faintly of him, as if he'd been away from it for awhile, but the closer I got to the closed door at the end of the hall, the stronger his scent became. My pace quickened, not caring what I'd find in a room drowning with his scent which was sealed up with a closed door. I only cared, at present, about being closer to him in whatever way I could.

Not stopping to listen out for voices or knocking to announce my arrival, I shoved the door open and took a couple of hesitant steps inside. I took a quick survey of the room, and dropped to my knees, my hands gripping over my mouth.

He wasn't here in the flesh and blood, but he was here in every other way ... and so was I. It didn't seem possible we'd shared enough moments together to have filled the hundreds of frames hanging from each of the four walls. If I could have spent the rest of my eternity in this room, I would have been a happy woman. There were funny faces in a lot, smiling in most, and over-the-moon love in all.

The one that had likely been his favorite, so naturally it was mine, was the one hanging above the bed. Someone had to have taken it without us knowing-probably Cora-but our backs were to the camera, his arm ringing around my waist, mine hitched into the back pocket of his jeans, and the way the sunset was centered between us gave it that fairy-tale quality of a couple marching towards their happily-ever-after.

Patrick had been right, William had been gone a lot since I'd left. Had the Council not sent him on so many missions, the dozens of pictures adorning the walls would have been nothing but ashes in a slash pile. I doubted if the other girl had been in this place yet, for I didn't know a woman alive who would've left this room intact if she came in and found it brimming with intimate moments between her man and his ex.

"Bryn," a soft voice called out from the doorway, "what are you doing here?"

My head fell forward, not feeling the need to hide my emotions from Cora. "Does the pain ever go away?" I asked, choking on the sobs I was keeping held down.

"That depends on what kind it is," she said slowly, taking a few steps forward. "In my experience, there are two kinds of pain out there. The first kind is like an open wound, bloody, oozy, raw, but it patches up overtime, sometimes without so much as a scar." She dropped down on the end of William's bed, tucking her knees under her chin. "And there's the other kind that burrows into the deepest parts of us we didn't even know were there-making everything ache and throb-until it's morphed us so much, we're no longer the person we once were. If it makes you unrecognizable to yourself and those around you, that's when you know you've got the kind that doesn't go away." A smile of apology tugged her mouth up.

Of the hundreds of conversations we'd shared over coffee and a kitchen table, I'd never heard Cora get so philosophical. If she were six three and male, I could have been listening to William.

"So what kind do you think I have?" I asked, staring at her full faced, puffy, and tattooed with tears.

Her eyes searched around the room, looking for something. "Have you seen a girl around here? Her name's Bryn Dawson and I thought I'd find her here." She was having a tough time keeping a straight face.

"I think that girl's gone-long gone." I wiped at my face.

"Sometimes I think so," Cora said, running her fingers through her sunflower hair. "Especially when you pull these kinds of stunts." She looked at me pointedly, gesturing her hands around the room. "What if he came home and found you here?"

I waited for further clarification, but she was waiting for the same from me. Most of the time, I loved how Cora and I could talk vaguely and still understand each other exactly; now wasn't one of those times.

"You're right. I'm sorry. I shouldn't be here, I just couldn't really help it," I offered, because-classic Bryn-I hadn't stopped to think of the possible repercussions for showing up here unannounced. "Although I think she would be a hundred times more upset with me than you if she found me hanging out in his bedroom."

Cora stared at me with eyes narrowed in confusion. "Am I supposed to know who you're referring to?"

I almost rolled my eyes. "Please, Cora, Patrick's bludgeoned me to death with this kind of stuff, I don't think I could bear it from you too," I said. "You know who I'm talking about, don't put me on an endless carousel talking and thinking about her because Patrick's made sure to remind me of her at every turn."

To match her eyes, Cora's face crinkled with confusion. "I think when you were out there roughing it in the world on your own, you got crazy hermit disease. Have you got any conspiracy theories to go over with me or did you only get as far as the crazy-talk stage?" Cora was the only person I'd known who could say something harsh, but look like she wanted to give you a hug right after.

"Okay, so we're going to go there ..." I took a deep breath, rolling my shoulders back to summon some courage. "The she I was referring to was William's soon-to-be Betrothed. You know, that perfect female of an Immortal that has the Council's stamp of approval plastered all over her. A.K.A......"-I closed my eyes-"the woman he loves."

There was silence. More silence. I opened my eyes to watch her face wring the wrinkles away. And then she laughed.

Cora's cheap shots hurt worse than Patrick's because I'd always considered her my friend, whereas Patrick I'd considered more as a fiend.

I was preparing to stand up, leave this house, and try to surgically remove the part of my brain that held on to long-term memories when her laughter cut off.

"Does this look like the room of a man who's in love with someone else?" she asked, pointing at the room wallpapered with photos of a couple that exuded love in each cheesy smile and exaggerated pouted lip face. "The only person more dense than him is you."

Instead of rushing for the door, I rushed to her. I grasped her shoulders, trembling with anticipation. "Like you said, I've been walking the crazy path for awhile, but did you just say-in so many words-that there isn't someone else? No one that slid in my place to be Mrs. William Hayward?" I thought I'd heard the words right, but given what she'd said, it was more likely I'd crossed into a dream.

She gripped my shoulders back, although her tiny arms really had to stretch to cross the distance. "Listen to me. No. N.O.," she mouthed, looking at me straight on. "No. One. Else. Besides, I don't think there's room on these walls for anyone else. Not to mention room in his heart."

Warmth trickled into my veins, like I'd just been hooked up to an IV drip with a potent solution of euphoria. I threw my arms around her, squeezing her to me, managing to perform something of a happy dance with Cora swinging in my arms.

"Yeah, I missed you too," she said, her voice tight. "But I'm still angry at you. Really angry." She pushed back from me, looking at me as sternly as I'd seen her. "You broke his heart, Bryn. You absolutely, positively, crushed him," she said, looking like she was the one choking back sobs now. "I mean, gosh darn it, you left him when he needed you most, for some other guy of all things. Never, in a hundred-thousand years, would I have guessed you were capable of such cruelty."

I winced-replaying in my mind that night I'd left him more dead than alive-but now I'd been given a taste of hope, I wasn't about to be detoured from it. "Cora, look at me. You know me nearly as well as he does." I crashed down beside her on the bed-the bed he'd placed in the exact spot we'd designated last summer. "You know my feelings for him. Do you really think I would have left him for someone else-especially someone as infuriating, egotistical, and downright dimwitted as Paul Lowe?" I guess I still had a ways to go on working through my anger issues over Paul's kiss.

"No, not really," she said, twirling the hair curling behind her ear. "It didn't make any sense, none of it did. But if you didn't leave because of Paul, why did you leave?" Her face was exuding concern as she tucked her hand into mine.

"You know why," I answered, offering nothing more.

"I suppose I do,"-she sighed, her head dropping-"I guess I always knew why, somewhere deep down that I kept repressed. Why are the bad things easier to believe than the good things?"

I laughed. "I'm not going to answer that. We don't have enough time for me to give you my thoughts on that and you're too sweet and innocent for me to corrupt with my gloomy ramblings of a wannabe philosopher."

She rolled her eyes, giggling all the while. "I really have missed you. So you're back?"

I smiled, nodding my head.

"For good?"

"That's up to him," I said.

She threw her arms around me again. "What took you so long, girl?"

"I think you know the answer to that one, too." I pulled her away from me to emphasize my point.

"You feel in control of it?" she asked, her face serious.

"I think I'm as in control of it as I'll ever be and I don't have to worry that I'll kill him if he touches me now."

"You know that was a risk he was willing to take-"

"But I wasn't," I said firmly. "I'm still not, but I think we've proven that I pose a greater risk to him being away from him than I do with him."

"So you left because you didn't want to kill him. I get that," she said, crossing her legs beneath her. "But why did you have to let him believe it was because you'd fallen for someone else?"

I tilted a brow at her, surprised I had to explain. She'd been witness to William's unfailing devotion several lifetimes over. "I had to make it about someone else because I knew if he found out I'd left to protect him, he'd search the world looking for me ... again. But I knew if I made leaving him for a selfish reason, he'd let me go."

"That's beautiful," she said, patting my hand. "In a weird, sick way."

I knew we could have wasted the night away catching up and devouring licorice ropes in between gallons of coffee, but there was something else that required my immediate attention. "Do you know where he is?"

"Not a clue," she said, her sapphire eyes sparkling in the dark. "But I think I know someone, or someones, who would. If you thought those three brothers of his kept close tabs on him before,"-she shook her head-"well, now they're watching him like he's a woman four weeks past her due date. It's like they're just waiting for him to lose it."

I was already across the room, heading into the hallway when she rushed past me, pulling me down the stairs and out the door. "Come on. Let's go get your man back."

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

FAMILY FEUD

The door was barely opened before my words spilled out. "Where is he?" I'd never been a particularly tactful conversationalist and now wasn't the time to start.

"Hi, sunshine," Patrick said, lowering the playing cards staggered in his hands. "Nice to see you, too."

Cora came up behind me, winding an arm around my waist. The glare she had pointed at Patrick had Joseph fighting a smile. "Knock it off, Patrick," she said, sounding no meaner than a mewing lamb, but I had to give her credit for trying. "You've done enough already. Where is he?"

"Someone's returned exceptionally crabbier than when she left," Patrick mouthed to the four members circling the table, eyes pointing at Cora before finding me. "You have a special way of bringing out those kinds of emotions in our family." He smiled spitefully at me before turning his attention back at the cards he was hiding in his lap. "Thanks for retrieving her, Cora. I wasn't in the mood, but sorry it made yours so sour."

Cora marched forward with me in tow, braking once our legs rammed into the side of Joseph's chair he'd purposefully scooted out. "I'm sour"-she said the world like she'd just bitten into a lemon-"because of you and the lies you've been telling."

The outside of Patrick's eyes crinkled, the most masterful wince he was capable of. "Something tells me I'm going to be in the dog house with the girls," he looked to Joseph, petitioning for support. "Let me guess, you didn't find her where she was supposed to be waiting?" he asked Cora.

Cora pounced her hands on her hips. "Like you really thought I would. You don't have me believing for one second, Patrick Hayward, that you didn't know where she'd wind up."

"Well, I don't think I'll need twenty guesses to figure it out," he said, leaning back in his chair. "Given your expressions."

Cora's foot began tapping noiselessly. "I'll give you one guess."

He threw his hands in the air, his cards scattering behind him. "I knew I should've vaulted up that freaky shrine of a room before snoopy found it," he said, accusing me with his eyes. "So, big deal. I lied about William being all hot and bothered for another woman. I was only doing it to piss her off and to keep him from coming across as a pathetic sucker still in love with her."

He paused, looking around the room at six sets of eyes staring at him. "What? Why are you all looking at me like I'm the enemy? I'm not the one who played a game of hacky-sack with William's heart."

Cora lurched forward, stalled again by her husband, but Joseph couldn't wrangle both of us.

"Where is he?" I demanded, swinging around Joseph's chair, giving Patrick's tilted one a shove with my foot. Unfortunately, he moved quicker than lightning, catching himself before he fell, but I'd achieved one thing-I had his attention and had wiped the smirk off his face.

I was nearing my eruption point, thankfully not that eruption point, but it wasn't all due to Patrick and what he'd lied about. He'd only lied to protect William and I couldn't fault him in this, as mangled as his delivery had been. However, I was beyond anxious no one seemed to know where William was. Given the recent events-that being John Townsend's bloodhounds on the sniff for Haywards-that wasn't a good thing.

Patrick shrugged. "I don't know. He said he needed some time away. It seems him finding you making out with your boyfriend sent him over the edge."

"What boyfriend?" Paul hollered, bursting to a stand.

"He's talking about you," I said, squeezing the bridge of my nose. There was so much to explain and I didn't have the six months time it would take to give a full disclosure.

"Me?" Paul's voice sounded a few octaves higher.

"I understand, given her track record, I should use a first and last name-maybe even the last four digits of their social security number-when I'm making a reference to one of her boyfriends," Patrick said, undoing the top button of the dress shirt he'd changed into, "given the multitude of them out there, but in this case, I was referring to you when I said boyfriend." Patrick smirked at Paul; Paul stared at Patrick.

"You've got the wrong man, bud," Paul said finally. "Although it isn't for lack of trying. Isn't that right, Bryn?" All eyes in the room shifted to me, waiting for an explanation, but I wasn't sure where to begin.

I decided to let the eyes that were narrowed the most severely on me get me started. "Paul isn't my boyfriend. Not now, not then, not ever," I said, letting some of my pent up annoyance with the new Immortal seep through.

"You told me there was someone else," Patrick said through his teeth, "that night at the airport. You said you were leaving William because of someone else."

"I had to tell you that or else I knew you'd hog tie me and hold me hostage until William woke up," I said, biting at my lip. "And I knew once he was awake and assuring me that everything was fine, I couldn't go through with it."

Patrick looked me over, up and down, not so much intentionally, but like he wanted to ascertain if the woman before him was me. "You lied to me?"

"I had to. I knew that's the only way you'd let me go," I whispered. "And I couldn't live with myself if I hurt him again."

Patrick snorted. "So you thought by leaving him behind, letting him think you'd left him for this loser"-he motioned at Paul, but flashed him an apologetic look-"that you wouldn't hurt him?"

"No, I knew leaving him would hurt for awhile," I said. "But I really thought he'd be able to move on one day-find someone else-forget about me-"

"Yeah, that sounds like William," Nathanial said, sarcasm making its debut appearance since I'd known him.

"And when you told me he had found someone else, I was happy, well, I was devastated, but you know what I mean,"-Patrick lifted a brow, looking indifferent-"but then as I started to master my gift and knew I wouldn't kill him, I wanted to come back. The only thing keeping me away was this other woman, but since I know you were just lying to me about this, that changes everything."

"That changes nothing," Patrick said. "It doesn't change that you left him and let him believe you left him for someone else."

"No, it doesn't change that. I know I went about this all wrong. I know I hurt him, but that's only because I was scared I would wind up killing him, but I know now that whether we're together or apart, we're going to have death nipping at our heels." I met Patrick's eyes. "I'm going to quote a wise man by saying, we can survive alone or we can live together. I know which one I've chosen, I'm not going to run away from it anymore. I don't know what he'll choose after everything, but I'm going to find out." I scanned the room; Joseph and Cora were smiling, Nathanial and Abigail were considering, Patrick was scowling, and Paul was ... ready to erupt.

"Hold up a minute," Paul shouted, rising and slamming his hands down on the table. "So you just used me as your pretend boyfriend?" The turquoise color of his eyes had changed, but they could still narrow with the same degree of accusation as they had before. "Did you plan our so-called 'coincidental' run-in back in Paris?"

"No," I shouted back at him. "Of course not. I had no idea you were in Paris, but after the events leading up to us leaving that night, I knew I couldn't let you out of my sight. When this guy arrived"-I tilted my head to Patrick-"I knew what conclusion he'd arrive at."

"That I was your boyfriend," Paul said.

I shrugged, gnawing at my lower lip. "Yeah."

"So the only reason you kept me around was that I was a convenient ruse in the tall tale you told everyone. The whole time, you were thinking of him, wishing I was him," Paul said, his voice tight.

"No, that's not the only reason," I said, hearing my own voice tighten. "I care about you, Paul." I saw him ready his mouth to object. "Let me define-specifically-what I mean by 'care' about you. For the second time," I said, garnering the desired effect. His mouth clamped shut. "You are my friend, as in: let's hang out, let's go get coffee, let's high-five and play punch each other. I don't mean friend, as in: let's spend the rest of our lives together, let's share a milk-shake from the same straw, let's make-out." I crossed my arms, drilling holes into him. "Emphasis on, let's not make-out. Or force your lips on the other's why they lay helplessly beneath you."

Paul's face reddened. "About that ... I feel like an apology's in order, but since I don't actually regret doing it, an apology seems kind of forced. I wish I could say I didn't feel anything from that kiss, but I did." He looked away from me, shoving his hands in his pockets. "I guess I just had to see if you felt the same way. Considering your lips were about as welcoming as a clam, I guess you could say I figured out my position on the Bryn totem pole."

I swallowed, wishing I could carve out that soft spot I had in my heart for Paul. As infuriating as he could be, there was something so raw and likeable about him. I couldn't stay mad at him. "I'm sorry for everything, Paul. I really didn't want to hurt you,"-I looked down, neither of us able to look at one another-"although I knew I probably would."

"Forget about it," he said, sniffing. "I let myself get carried away with it all, even though I knew you likely didn't feel the same way. Would never feel the same way. Deep down I knew you'd always have it bad for that chump."

"That chump is the one that saved your life," Patrick snapped, glowering at Paul.

Paul's face did the confusion thing. "What are you talking about, goldilocks?"

"What did you think happened?" Patrick asked, shaking his head. "You had a little fairy dust sprinkled on you and voila, you're an Immortal?"

I wasn't sure who was looking at the other with more doubt, but it lasted a while before Paul was able to collect his thoughts. "Since we've been a little preoccupied, I hadn't given it a whole lot of thought yet." His words were sharp and Patrick looked ready to snap back with the same edge before Joseph broke through the tension.

"Looks like someone needs to get enrolled in class." Joseph smiled, raising his brows between Cora and me, waiting for us to join him in his tension diffusing mission. He was on his own.

"Better put genius here in base level moron," Patrick said, having the courtesy to say it under his breath.

Paul's eyes narrowed, but more out of confusion than anger. "Why did he do it? He can't stand me almost as I can't stand him."

Patrick looked up, eyes like lasers penetrating me. "He did it for her."

Paul's face jumped up a few levels on the perplexed scale, before a light-bulb clicked on. "Because he thought I was your boyfriend," he said, looking at me, not waiting for a confirmation, or maybe not needing one. "He's a saint and I hate him. What am I supposed to do with that?" He turned away from us, moving towards a window, lost in his thoughts.

"This is all so very touching," Patrick interrupted. "My heart is feeling all mushy-gushy after that pathetic make-up, break-up... whatever that was."

"Oh, shut it, Patrick."

I had to turn my head, close my eyes, and reopen them twice before I could believe who'd said it. Abigail was standing to the side of Nathanial, arms crossed and eyes slanted at Patrick.

You'd have thought Abigail had just swung a two by four at his head from the way he was looking at her. I'm sure my expression wasn't far from that either, but Patrick recovered, a devilish grin taking over. "It looks like a bit of Bryn has rubbed off on you, too, Abby. It seems this whole family has a bad case of Bryn-fever."

Abigail slid her hands down her dress, recomposing herself. "Well, you can't thoroughly appreciate a prim and proper woman unless she raises a little hell every decade or two."

Nathanial rung his arm around her waist, looking proud.

Abigail had achieved in one sentence what I wouldn't have been able to accomplish in a decade. Patrick's face was recomposed, like everything made sense now. "You love him?"

"So much I've become a complete idiot," I said, nodding. "Obviously."

"You always have?" Still the composed expression.

"Yes."

"You always will?"

"Yes," I vowed. "Forever."

He studied my face, maybe looking for any sign that would prove my answers false. I wasn't worried though, I knew he'd find nothing. There wasn't a molecule of my make-up that wasn't entirely devoted to William.

A smile cracked through, genuine and wide. "Well, what are you still doing here?" he asked, shrugging. "Go get him, killer." I didn't miss the irony in his voice, but I wasn't going to waste any more time here now that everyone knew where I stood.

"Do you have any idea where he is?" I asked. "Any idea where I can find him?"

I looked around the room, but it was Patrick that answered, "Yeah, I've got an idea for you." I snapped my head back to him. rrieHead north until you can't go any farther. Don't find him along the way, turn right and head east." His smile resembled William's one of mischief so close I almost felt butterflies. Almost. "If you don't find him that way, turn right again and head south. Still nothing, one more right and head west. And I'll tell you what. Even if it takes you fifty years of non-stop searching, you'd still have another hundred and fifty more to go to get a feel for what he went through looking for you."

Our eyes met, a silent string of apologies exchanging between us. I smiled, before turning and heading straight for the door.

"Where are you going?" Cora called out after me.

"I'm getting after that north," I answered, waving my farewell. I charged down the stairs, heading to the garage. I didn't doubt my legs could carry me as quickly as any car could, but given I'd likely be travelling through many high-traffic areas along the way, I didn't want the repercussions that would come when thousands of Mortals saw a woman sprinting like a comet down Main Street.

William's Bronco, Charles' pick-up, and Patrick's Maserati were ready and waiting for me and, while William's Bronco would have been the one I preferred all things being equal, I knew it couldn't match the speed of the Maserati. The keys were waiting for me in the ignition, like an open invitation to all car thieves. I rolled my eyes at his carelessness, until I realized I fit into the car thieves' category. My moment of guilt passed quickly, the reminder that William was out there, somewhere, alone, chasing it away.

I brought the engine to life, pressing the garage door opener, shifting into first so I could make a break for it the second I knew the Maserati's roof could clear the retracting door by an inch. My foot was caught in the air right before I slammed the accelerator, halted by a tapping on the window.

I glanced over, rolling the window down, not hiding my surprise to see who was there. She handed me a folded piece of paper. "This should help," Abigail said, her eyes warm.

I unfolded the note, finding a location-an exact location-scrolled down in black sharpie in Abigail's cursive. "Is this-"

She nodded. "I think he wanted someone to know where he was in case you ever came looking for him. He never gave up hope."

I felt tears pricking in the corners of my eyes. I opened my mouth, attempting to pry words to the surface, but my throat constricted around each one.

"You're welcome," Abigail said, understanding. "Bring him home."

"I will. And, thanks," I said, finally able to manage a few words.

Abigail backed away from the car. "Oh, Bryn?" she said, her voice innocent.

I looked over at her. "Yeah?"

"If the Council gives you and William any more trouble,"-she smiled, back in her demure and proper mode-"give 'em hell." She winked at me.

"Planning on it," I said, pounding the accelerator to the floor.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

NICARAQUA

To say the Maserati stood out in Central America was kind-of like saying my five foot ten inch frame, topped off with pale blue eyes and fair skin, blended in with the locals, so I tucked it away in some abandoned barn that was more falling than standing-Patrick would have gotten a hernia if he knew-and trekked the rest of the way on foot. I made great time and, given the roads weren't "roads" by my definition-they would have been consider bike trails where I was from-I couldn't have made better time with the car.

Nicaragua was like something from another time, so unspoiled and wild with organic green foliage, I half-expected to run into a dinosaur lumbering about the jungle. I'd never heard of the village Abigail had written down for me and even if I had the luxury of being able to plug it into the Maserati's GPS, I doubted it would have pulled anything up.

I'd made it to the capital city of Managua with no problem and there, locals told me to head southwest until I ran into a village hidden just outside of the Mombacho Cloudforest-if I ran into the dormant volcano, or the sprawling lake, turn around, I'd gone too far.

Sounded simple enough to me. That was, until I started hacking through the jungle that seemed never-ending and as if it was intentionally putting barriers right in my path. After several hours of leaping over fallen banyan trees and lunging through vines, I realized I should have been competed in the hurdles instead of the two-hundred meter.

Night had blanketed the Cloudforest an hour ago and, while I didn't have any problem seeing, there was something creepy about this place. I knew it likely had to do with the foreign sights, sounds, and smells more than anything. The haunting song of howler monkeys was all around me, as if I'd walked right into the middle of a family of them, but no matter how long I progressed, their song never dimmed. Either the Cloudforest had howler monkeys like Central Park had pigeons or they were following me. Orchids that were sweet in an overwhelming, luscious kind of way fragranced the air, mixed with the musty scent of damp earth.

Growing more desperate, I picked up the pace, catching my toe on an exposed snake of a tree root a few strides later-clumsy even in Immortality. I stopped; I'd been break-necking it through this place for miles, relying on sight, smell, sound, and sheer need to guide me to him, but the way I'd found him most-best-was through feeling. Skin-to-skin contact not required.

I closed my eyes, drowning out the forest's chorus, and focused on nothing but him. The way I felt when he was near, the way he absently drew patterns in my hands for hours, the way our fates had fused together.

My eyes flashed open. "Thank you," I kneeled to the ground, kissing the cragged root that had tripped me up long enough to remember what I was searching for, and what sense I needed to rely on to find him.

I tore through the trees, sure if anyone were out here they would have sworn they saw a streak of lightning bolting through the forest. I followed that energy I would have missed if I didn't pause long enough to feel it, because it had been that faint, but as I advanced toward it, I felt its strength growing. Like a heartbeat in the night, beckoning me to it.

Limbs and branches broke across my face. Leaves, bark, and goodness only knows what else found their way into my clothes, but none of it slowed me down. He was here, nearer every step. My search had only taken a couple of days, a few tanks of gas, and across a couple of continents, but the exhilaration of having found him after my seemingly arduous search was the best kind of feeling of success. I couldn't begin to imagine how it had felt for him to find me after a couple centuries of searching.

A woman's wail brought me to a standstill. It had sounded more animal than human, but it was accompanied by a couple other female voices, low, soothing words spoken in Spanish. I'd found the village; I'd found him.

Another wail, as if the poor woman's insides were being torn from her, followed by more words of comfort. I didn't speak Spanish, but the emotion outlining the words didn't require a translation.

I crept forward, careful not to make a sound. I pushed aside a couple of mammoth sized shiny leaves and was overwhelmed with the light coming from the makeshift tent a ways in front of me and it wasn't from the lanterns buzzing in the darkness.

His hair hidden beneath a handkerchief, his mouth behind a paper mask, his eyes rimmed with dirt, sweat, and sleepless nights I'd never been so blinded by his beauty.

I came out from behind my hiding place, no conscious thought of it, going to him like he was my mecca and I'd never needed my pilgrimage more.

He said something in Spanish to the woman sprawled on the medical cot before him, encouragement unmistakable in his tone. The woman curled up into herself, her face bursting with blood vessels and droplets of sweat. A scream ripped through the air, so primitive the howler monkeys were silent for a moment, as if trying to figure out who this newcomer was.

The woman's endless scream halted me, mid-step. I couldn't imagine the kind of pain she was bearing and that William was standing at the end of the cot, doing nothing more than speaking a few low words. Her scream cut-off, mid-note, and, almost immediately after, a new sound shot through the air. Not quite a scream, not quite a cry, but a little of both. It was beautiful, though, and filled me with something so raw I choked on a few sobs.

William had his back to me, his arms wrapped around something, as one of the other women in the tent hurried over to him with a blanket in hand. He reached for it, tucking it gently and efficiently around whatever was bundled in his arms. I took a few more steps forward, staying low to the ground, to get a better look.

His shoulders suddenly tensed, as if he'd just been zapped by something, and his attention was diverted from the scene playing out in the medical tent. His head turned, though not all the way, but just enough for me to flatten myself to the ground like I was about to get caught sneaking into my room after curfew.

I waited a few seconds before chancing a look up, not knowing why I was acting like I was terrified he'd see me ... I hadn't come thousands of miles just to sneak a peek at him. Although I certainly would have if I couldn't have any more than this.

And then I realized this might be all I'd get to have of him for the rest of my eternity. Stolen glimpses from hidden perches. Sounded stalker scary, but that was a title I was willing to wear if this was all I could have of him.

I took a quick look, before looking back away, just in case he'd discovered me sprawled out like a Marine in the Central American mud. He was looking away again, speaking soft whispers to the beat of his rocking body. The part-cry, part-scream quieted and everything seemed alright again. He turned to the exhausted woman, whose face had the look of unbridled joy, as if she hadn't just been heaving in pain. I looked at William's face as he lowered his mask and felt chills run down my spine. But the good kind of chills, the kind that make you feel all gooey and happy.

It was a flash of movement that broke the love affair my eyes were experiencing watching his mouth, a flash of olive colored flesh, still shiny and wet. The way William cradled the baby to him, firm but gentle, would have sent my internal clock into a tailspin if it wasn't on eternal time-delay.

The woman said something to him, gripping his forearm when he lowered the baby into her waiting arms. His smile burst and he nodded his head, tucking the baby into the crux of her arm. He kissed the woman's forehead before going over to a basin steaming with water. He dipped his blotted hands in it, rinsing and rubbing them together, and I was mesmerized. Mesmerized like I was experiencing the seven wonders of the world all at the same time. How could anything be more enthralling than the man I loved washing his hands from the work of delivering a baby in the thick of a Central American jungle?

He swept the handkerchief from his head, running his hand through his hair a couple of times, and the ache within me shot up a few notches.

He shrugged out of the blue scrub gown next, revealing the man I loved at his very finest. Worn Levis and an undershirt that fit just snugly enough to make me blush-my favorite look-completed by the thoughtful expression that pulled the corners of his eyes and mouth just enough to drive a woman crazy.

Unzipping the screen door, he ducked through it, somehow brightening the darkness of a black saturated night. He took a few steps in my direction. I didn't dare twitch a muscle because he was close enough he'd hear it.

Coming to a pause, he looked in my general vicinity, light blue orbs glowing in the night. "Just because I can't see you, doesn't mean I can't tell you're near." His voice was tight, controlled, as if he was holding back an emotion too strong to be released. I could only hope it wasn't anger, resentment, or despise-although I knew I deserved them all.

"Come on, now," he said, taking a couple more steps towards me. "I'd come in there and wrestle you out, but I don't think that would be appropriate anymore."

I wanted to holler out, Marco, yearning to have him throw his arms around me because every time he'd done so before, I'd known that everything would be alright. His embrace was that convincing ... or that mind-numbing.

His feet remained planted to the ground, so I made the first move, hoisting off the jungle floor-my white tank and khaki shorts smudged GI Jane camo style from the hours, miles, and falls the forest had inflicted on me.

"Uh ... hi," I offered lamely, twisting my leaf-ridden hair behind my ear. I pushed aside the prehistoric-looking plant, coming out from my hiding spot.

His eyes flashed wide when he first saw me before he was able to recompose himself. I looked more Sasquatch than woman and I was going for my last-ditch, make-or-break plea to get back a man that could have been spawned by the gods. I really needed to start thinking my plans out better.

"Hello, yourself." He swallowed, waiting for me, but I couldn't untangle my thoughts enough to get the first thing out.

"Hey." I bit my lip, willing something to come to mind, but it seemed being away from him for so long had brought on an unexpected dose of confoundedness. "That was really beautiful what you did in there," I said, dodging the whole reason I'd come here.

His eyes narrowed, not in a glare, but like he was trying to figure me out. Good luck with that. "She did all the work. I was just there to make sure everything went as it should."

"What did she name the baby?" I asked, peering over his shoulder into the tent.

"Eh ... William," he mumbled.

"Does that happen a lot?" I had an urge to stare into the baby's face knowing his namesake was the man I loved. A stolen glimpse didn't seem enough now.

He shrugged, refusing to meet my eyes. "From time to time."

"From time to time," I repeated. "How many from time to times?"

He paused, circling his eyes to the sky. "One can lose count."

"Someone names their baby after you and you lose count?" My voice, face, and posture were all stark with dubiousness.

"One thousand-and-thirty-three," he answered, his eyes floating to me. "Actually, one thousand-and-thirty-four now."

My jaw dropped and I let it hang there. There had been hundreds of little William's scampering over the world through the years. None carrying the genetic makeup of their namesake, but knowing what I did of him, his compassion that saturated the air wherever he went had surely found its way into these baby's lives. Compassion through osmosis-maybe there was hope for the world after all.

"Please forgive me, I know this is going to sound all wrong,"-he looked down, scuffing his unlaced work boot into the tacky mud-"I've been saying everything wrong as of late ... but what are you doing here?" He looked at me apologetically, but he was right, it did come out sounding all wrong. Too cold and unemotional to come from his mouth.

"I needed to talk to you about something important-"

"Is everyone alright?" he interjected, his body stiffening, making his muscles burst through the sleeves of his shirt. To accompany the aching, I now had yearning to contend with and with their combined forces, my gut felt like it was being ripped to shreds. I wasn't sure how I was going to make it through this.

"Everyone's fine," I said, reaching my hand out for him automatically. My hand hung in the air long enough before I pulled it back to know he'd intentionally denied it. "I just left them a couple days ago and everyone was happy and healthy."

His body relaxed instantly. "Is anyone with you?" He looked behind me, searching. The way his eyes had narrowed told me he wasn't referring to his family when he'd asked if I was on my own.

"No. I'm alone."

"They let you come alone? He let you come alone?" he asked, his eyes shadowing around darkness. "Do you realize you gave John the perfect opportunity to snatch you up? All alone, wandering around a foreign country." His eyes clouded over, his jaw clenching in anger. "What was Paul thinking?"

"Thanks for the concern," I said calmly, hoping to influence his tone with mine. "And no offense here, but I don't let anyone tell me what I can and can't do."

"Yeah. I remember that." He looked up at me, sharing a remembered thought. "So what was so important that you had to traipse through a continent to tell me? All alone," he emphasized.

I inhaled, for nothing more than to straighten up. "I'm not going to pretend I know how much I hurt you when I left. It's unforgivable and it's a good thing I have forever because I'm going to need it to earn your forgiveness." I kept my eyes down now that the words were flowing. I knew if I looked at him my tongue would knot into something undoable. "I owe you, not only an apology, but an explanation."

"No," he said, tilting his head. "You owe me neither. All I've ever wanted for you is happiness, whoever that may be with,"-his jaw clenched around the words-"but if it would make you feel better ... I forgive you. And as for the explanation, I'd rather not hear it if that's alright with you. I've got the general idea and knowing the details will only make things worse, I'm sure." The way his throat caught each word as they surfaced broke my resolve of not looking at him. He was trying so hard to stay composed, but couldn't give it any permanence.

"I think what both of us are beating around the bush is that"-he looked up, staring at me-"you chose him. Trust me, I don't need any of the details that accompanied that decision." His eyes flashed away, but not before their pain could play like a movie before me.

"There never was a choice to be made in the first place," I whispered, wanting to ease whatever unpleasant emotion was plaguing him, but I didn't know if he wanted me to be that person anymore. I didn't know if I had a right to ease his suffering after I'd been the one to create so much for him. "I've never had a choice in who I loved."

He turned away, staring up at the waning moon. "I know. You're not the only one needing to get an apology off their chest," he said, drawing in a heavy breath. "I've loved you from the start-from the first dream. I was so certain we were meant to be together that I stifled you into believing the same thing. I was the one who took that choice away from you. I'm sorry."

If there was an award for taking things out of context, William would have won the gold medal.

"Cora was dead on when she said there were no two more dense people than us ..." I muttered, dumbfounded, ignoring the confusion on his face that requested an explanation. That one could wait, this one couldn't.

"Okay, so here it goes," I said resolutely, swinging my arms forward and back.

"Here what goes?" he asked, looking even more confused.

"My forthcoming pathetic plea to get you back."

"Your what?" he asked, taking a step closer.

"Please, let me just get through this without any questions. It's going to be hard enough as it is," I begged, wiping away some of the crusted mud on my arms, trying to make myself more forgivable-looking.

He crouched down, fingering the earth like it was keeping him grounded. His face was flat, except for his eyes. They were shining.

"When I said I didn't have a choice in who I loved, it's because from the day I met you, there no longer was a choice. My choice was you, you, and you," I said, pointing my hands at him. "I didn't need a choice because you were all I wanted, all I'd ever want. I left because I almost killed you that day in the clearing. I let you believe I left you for someone else because I knew that was the only way you'd let me go without a fight. I thought you'd find happiness with another woman one day and when Patrick told me you had, it gave me enough deterrent to stay away from you because, lord knows, I wanted to run back to you every second of every day."

His face was a mask-a frozen mask glowing in the gentle moonlight. If my face was a frenzy of emotion, his was the opposite, but I found the courage I needed to continue in his eyes.

"So, back to why I'm here. Sorry it took so long to get back to that," I said, laughing a few nervous notes. "I found out there isn't anyone else in your life, there certainly isn't anyone else in my life, and I'm supremely confident I won't kill you." I smiled apologetically at him, receiving nothing but the blank stare in return. "I know I don't deserve a second chance. I know I don't deserve you, but there was a time when you thought so. I've lived my life without you and I never want to do it again. I can't live without you. I mean, I could survive-it would be a pathetic, shallow, hollow existence-but I guess my point is,"-I grimaced, realizing my rambling was getting me nowhere with him. I'd lost him-"I don't want to live without you. Although I understand if you no longer feel the same." I bit my lip, pausing, when all I wanted to do was rewind time. "So that's why I'm here. To see if you'd be willing to give me a do-over."

A do-over?!?!?! That was the best I had, begging this man-who would have moved heaven and earth for us to be together before I'd decided to crush his heart-for a do-over? If I'd had a smidgeon of a chance to get him back, I'd just pulverized it by employing the technique a grade-schooler would call out in kickball.

It was time I shut my mouth and kept it shut. Actually, it had been that time a few sentences back. So I waited for the inevitable.

And waited.

"I'm an idiot. I'm a naive, stupid, reckless girl," I said, saving him-saving me-the discomfort of what he was readying himself to say.

"I don't know what to say," he whispered, shaking his head, that perfectly flat face stupefying me. He rose, walking indirectly towards me. "I appreciate your honesty, I really do." I cringed, waiting for the let's just be friends curse. I think William and I both knew we could never be just friends. "But so much time has passed, and so much has happened."

He stalled a few feet in front of me, running a hand through his hair. I just stared at his eyes, they were the only thing I could still see hope in, as misinterpreted as it likely was. "I don't know what to say."

His eyes flashed to mine, sparking with something that had, at one time, preceded something that weakened my knees. Before I could let their effect take hold, he closed the remaining distance between us, eyes never leaving mine. He surged into me, arms locking around my back. I didn't have time to gasp, or sigh, before his body pressed into mine, his lips leading.

The fullness of his lips on mine, the warmth they exuded, the urgency pulsing over them, it was these kinds of moments that made me believe in perfection.

Unable to counteract his strength, I backed into the nearest tree, hearing its roots groan in protest as William pressed into me, never backing down, only growing more urgent. His hands moved nowhere but my face, cupping and stroking every plane.

When I was certain I could face death at this very moment with absolutely no regrets, his mouth left mine, but only barely. His heavy breath was the next thing I felt pulsing against my lips.

"Like I said, I didn't know what to say," he breathed, his eyes closed, but his face was drawn into an emotion that made the past few months seem like nothing more than a bad dream.

"Thanks for not knowing what to say." I smiled, letting the euphoria he'd injected into me seep into every corner of my body. Everything was right again. I was right again.

The muscles in his shoulders rolled. "I think that pretty much summed it up."

"So was that a yes?" I asked.

"To your do-over?" he said, no attempt to disguise his amusement.

I nodded my head.

"No," he said, and before my face could squish into confusion, "that was a hell yes."

I laughed at his enthusiasm. "Thank you. I won't screw things up again for us-I promise," I vowed.

"I know, I know," he said, combing his fingers through my hair. "May I ask a favor?"

"Do you even need to ask?"

I heard the smile in his voice. "Just to make sure I have everything straight ... you left because you loved me?"

It sounded awful coming from his mouth. "Yes."

"You let me believe you were in love with Paul because you loved me?"

This sounded even worse. "Yes," I answered, grimacing.

"You stayed away because you thought I was in love with a girl Patrick fabricated in that demented mind of his?"

"Yes."

"You realized how absurdly you were acting, found me, seduced me into this state of mental stupification,"-he cradled my head away from his chest, staring me straight on-"because you love me?"

"Yes, although I have to admit I'm the poster child for what not to do to show someone you love them."

He shook his head. "You're not only the poster child, love, you wrote the book on the subject."

"That so?" I asked, trying to sound severe. My execution was pitiful. "Why don't you try putting yourself in my shoes for a minute? Let's say you were the one that practically killed me and you knew that if you didn't that time, you would another time. Are you going to tell me you wouldn't do the exact same thing I did?"

"First off, it wasn't your fault you zapped me. I should have been paying attention. Second, you didn't almost kill me. It was about as lethal as a bee sting-"

"Bee stings kill," I interrupted. "Just ask those that are allergic to them."

"Baby," he said, his voice low. "I'm everything but allergic to you." His fingers trickled down my neck, skimming the length of my tank's collar. Heat rushed through me, the kind that extinguished inhibitions. Right before I took action at my newfound lack of inhibitions, his fingers dropped away.

"You're as good at distracting me as you are at fudging the truth," I said, arching a brow at him. "If you're planning on keeping your hands to yourself for awhile"-I glanced at his hands that were being good, for now-"how about getting back to putting yourself in my shoes?"

"Well, if you'd stop interrupting ..." He shot me that mischievous smile and it took every bit of willpower I possessed to not latch onto him at every point I could. "No, I wouldn't have left you if our roles-or our gifts-were reversed. I'm too selfish. Death, as hard as this is to admit, would be an acceptable outcome if it meant not having to miss out on this"-his stilled hands became anything but, skimming my body with the patience and practice of a sculpture-"and this," he breathed, his lips gliding up my neck, ending just behind my earlobe.

"When you put it that way," I whispered, my voice shaking marginally less than my body.

I felt his smile pull tight against my skin. "In addition to being adept at distraction, I also have a black belt in persuasion."

"You don't say." He nuzzled my neck before moving towards my mouth again, the look in his eyes telling that he was done with words. "So, that's it?" I asked, a shade shy of astonishment. "You forgive me, just like that? After everything I did?"

"Yes," he said, shrugging. "Maybe you didn't understand when I said I'd love you forever, but I meant I'd love you forever. There were no qualifiers or addendums to that vow, nothing that would void it out based on your actions." His smile lit up the night. "To make sure you're clear on this, let me repeat myself. I'll love you forever, Bryn Dawson, no matter how determined you might be to screw it up."

"No conditions?" I asked. "Not even, just as long as you don't run away again with a fictitious boyfriend?"

He shook his head. "I think that's why they call it unconditional."

"Yeah, well, what I've seen of the world, love is about as conditional as it is convenient. Thrown around on a Saturday night only to be forgotten by Monday morning, or worse yet, we've been together for a year and we should probably scratch that three word phrase off our relationship to-do list."

"You've got such romantic notions," he said, drawing me back into his arms. "So, I want to let bygones-be-bygones, but ..."-a flash of anger bolted through his eyes-"I recall finding you and Paul Lowe entangled a few nights ago, your lips the main point of entanglement." I loved how hard William worked to keep unpleasant emotions out of his voice, but he was as adept at it as I was at walking and talking.

"Yeah, well, you didn't hang around long enough to see me come very near to wringing his neck," I said, shaking my head at the memory. "You remember those nine forms of torture you were so eager to try out on him? Well, after that stunt, let the torture games begin," I teased, no room for anger towards Paul left when I was cocooned in William's arms. "Let me know if you need any help."

"I don't know what it is you don't see in Paul Lowe, but I'd be a fool if I wasn't glad about it." He didn't sound glad-he sounded thrilled. "But now that I know he basically held you down and ravaged your lips, I'm not so sure about him myself anymore."

"Can we not talk about Paul? I don't want to talk about anything besides promising we'll never leave each other's sides again," I said, my words muffled by his chest. "And I mean that in the literal sense."

"Not to get technical, but I'm not the one who has broken that promise, my love."

I winced, wishing he wasn't right. "Don't remind me, but here's the thing I realized. Call it an epiphany. The world wants us dead whether we're together or not. If I'm going to be chased by death ... forever, I want you at my side."

He rung his arm around my neck, kissing the top of my head. "As optimistic as you are romantic. But I'll take whatever epiphany you have if it means you'll never run away again."

"I know you've heard this before, but yes, I promise. I'd rather die with you than all alone."

"And I'd rather live with you than all alone."

"Point taken, Mr. Glass Half-Full."

"So while I'm getting things off my chest,"-I took a death breath, I needed this one-"I only said I didn't want to run away with you because I was scared of what would happen to you. I could give a crap if we get the blessing of a bunch of crabby, decrepit old men. If you want to run away ... anytime would be good for me, including two seconds from right now, and-"

His lips were on mine again, smashing and smoothing against them like waves breaking on the sand. Lost in the mind-dumbing fog that was William's mouth, I was aware of nothing else, least of all the rustling of hurried footsteps coming behind me.

"Move," William shouted against my mouth suddenly, pushing me to the side before leaping headfirst into the jungle wall in front of him.

I righted myself, tumbling through the green wall hot on his heels.

"What are you doing here?" he snarled, dropping someone to the ground. "Who are you?" His fingers choked around the wide-eyed woman's neck.

She was Immortal, the pale blue hue in her eyes and stunning beauty giving that away, but her face was unfamiliar. It was a face that one would remember, too. She could have been the offspring of Malibu Barbie and GI Joe-so pretty she was shiny, almost sparkly, but there was a toughness about her, like her aura's motto was, I'm kicking butt and taking names ... with a machine gun and crew cut if need be.

She looked more scared than surprised, like a mouse expecting a scrap of cheese only to fetch a trap. Her eyes flew from William to me, but she didn't put up a fight.

"He asked you a question," I said, coming around her from the other side. "I'd advise you answer it. Soon."

She pinched her eyes closed, shaking her head feverishly.

I crouched down, placing my face right over hers. William tensed, but I didn't back away. I'd proven somewhere along the way that I was more than capable of taking care of myself and just because my selfless protector was back in my life didn't mean I was going to sideline that enlightened state of me. "Who. Sent. You?" I'd also, as of late, perfected the don't-mess-with-me tone.

Her eyes flashed into mine. "He'll kill me ..."

"Well, that pretty much answers that," I said, looking at William, knowing he'd arrived at the same conclusion I had. "Seems John just can't get over killing me."

"We didn't know you were here," she said, rushing over each word. "We came for him." Her black-lined eyes fell to William and something of a blush seemed to color her cheeks. Unbelievable ... he could manage to fluster a woman even as he was threatening her.

"There are more of you?" I asked, willing her to look back at me. I was a little territorial when it came to other woman ogling him. That was my job. "How many more?" My gaze flicked to the dark forest behind us, half-expecting a replay of a few nights back in Germany.

"A couple dozen or so," she said, her lower lip shivering. "They sent me to scout things out first. To see if anyone else was with you."

William's face fell. "Do you know if any more parties like yours have been sent after my family?"

"No," she answered, not able to look him in the eyes. "John wanted you to be the first."

A sound that was all rage escaped from my throat.

"How long do we have?" William asked, glancing at me nervously.

She bit her lip, shaking her head again. "He'll kill me."

Growing tired of William's nice-cop act, I decided it was time for bad-cop to initiate truth extraction sequence. I wove my fingers through the hair on the top of her head, gripping rigid fingers into her scalp. "I really hate John, but I don't mind one bit taking care of you for him." My fingers drilled deeper into her skin, acknowledgement painting her expression. "You know who I am?"

Her head bobbed once.

"You know what I'm capable of?"

Two bobs.

"Then we'll ask once more. I know I've shown an exceptional level of restraint as of late, but something about knowing you and whoever's with you were sent to kill the man I love kind of makes restraint a moot point." I raised my brows at her, half of me wanting her to keep her lips sealed. "How long do we have?"

This time her answer came like a river exploding through a dam. "They gave me a half hour."

I looked at my wrist out of reflex, not needing the absent watch to know how much time had already gone by since we'd caught the Inheritor Snitch. We had twenty-six minutes left.

"Good girl," I said, eager to have my skin off of her. I looked at the man across from me. The thought of having him back in my life, only to be taken from me all in the same night, was not an acceptable option. "We've got to go. Now, William."

He stayed rooted where he was, unmoving. "We have to take her with us. She knows you're here and when she tells whoever's back there waiting for me, their two dozen will become two hundred before we cross the Mexican border. I won't put you in that kind of danger. She comes with us." He looked at me and despite wanting to, I knew arguing with him would get me nowhere.

"Fine," I said, ready to hoist her up. "I'll throw her over my shoulder. But we're getting you out of here now."

William grabbed my forearm, halting me. "I can't leave them behind," he nodded behind him to the medical tent where a Spanish lullaby was soothing a cooing newborn.

"Darn it, William Hayward," I said, exasperated. He was making the world's mission of killing us easy.

His fingers stroked my cheek with one hand while he fished a cell phone out of his back pocket with the other. Pressing a couple keys, the speaker on the other end picked up midway through the first ring. William interrupted whatever greeting was being given. "I need you here, brother."

Something was said, likely in sarcasm, on the other side of the line. William chuckled, turning his back to us and striding forward for some privacy. The last thing I heard him mention was our location and who knows what followed, coordinates, directions, or astrology, but when he turned around, joining his female admirers again, he asked, "You have any Morphers in this neck of the woods?"

Patrick's voice burst through the speaker. "I have Morphers in every neck of the woods."

"Good. I need one here. Oh, and Patrick, they've got twenty minutes."

Patrick humphed. "Good thing he's fast."

The line went dead and, before he could pocket it, Patrick was there, blocking my view of William ... already irritating before he'd opened his mouth.

"Nice directions, brother," Patrick said, slapping the side of William's arm. "Any better and I would landed on your shoulders."

I cleared my throat, making no disguise of the irritation in it. "You know how your brother said we didn't have much time?" I didn't wait for Patrick's smirk to turn to me. "That includes none for your antics."

"Oh how I missed that voice, like teeth gnawing tyrofoam." He flicked his ear, tilting his head back at me.

"Watch it, Patrick," William warned, more fond than fierce. I often thought that his weak spot, next to me, was Patrick.

"You guys good?" he asked, looking at William, but sounding like he was asking me.

"Yes," William and I answered simultaneously.

"So soon?" Patrick shook his head through his laughter. "I've got three words for you," he gripped his brother's shoulders, leaning forward like he was about to share something critical. "Hard to get. It's okay to play it every century or two. Especially when the woman who turned you into chop suey comes begging at your door,"-he looked back at me, a twinkle in his eyes-"and with that sad puppy dog face she's been wearing the better part of two months, I'd say she'd be willing to give you anything you wanted." Patrick's eyebrows crested as he elbowed William. "Here are three more words for you, brother-"

"I appreciate all the manly, brotherly advice coming from someone as experienced as you are in the woman department,"-William and I shared a look-"but there really is no time for this right now. Later, okay? I'll take any advice you can give me that would help me get whatever I want from her." We shared another look, but this one both had us blushing.

Patrick looked back at me. "You can thank me later," he said, winking, before he finally noticed the Inheritor spy I was keeping down with my hand wrung around her neck.

"Hellllloooow," Patrick said, more of a whistle than an annunciation. "And who have we here?"

"She hasn't told us her name, but she's one of John's and whoever's waiting for her was sent to kill William." Something feral gripped around the last few words, making me sound fierce.

"I'm Sierra," she offered, staring up at Patrick.

"Sierra," he rolled the name around in his mouth, tasting it. "Now there's a range of mountains I wouldn't mind summiting."

I rolled my eyes, wanting to stick my finger in my mouth, but Sierra beat me to a response. "That bloated charm of yours might have worked on plenty of girls before." Her eyes skimmed down the length of her body. "But do you see any girls here?"

"Oh, I like this one," Patrick said, his eyes dancing from her to William. "Can I keep her, dad?"

"Go swan dive off a cliff, Patrick Hayward."

He looked thrown by this, but more excited than anything. "I see my reputation precedes me. What did I tell you, William? My looks and charm are legendary."

One side of Sierra's mouth curled up. "John told me Patrick Hayward was the most conceited, raving ego-maniac in the history of Immortality." The other side of her mouth followed suit, revealing a smile that was all teeth and wit. If she hadn't been sent to end my meaning for life, I might have actually liked this glamazon chick. "Your reputation really does precede you."

Patrick's head looked like it had just experienced whiplash, but he was as quick on his feet as she was. "Saucy."

"Bite me," she said, looking like she was ready to go all night if need be and I didn't doubt she could do it.

"All spice, minus the sweet. Just the way I like it," Patrick said, stepping towards us.

"You gag that one," I said to William, nodding at Patrick. "I'll gag this one. That's the only way we're going to get out of here before John's army of assassins comes looking for us." I glared at Patrick. "Again."

"Relax, relax. We can't go anywhere until my Morpher gets here anyways." Patrick consulted his watch. "I would have thought you'd be in a better mood since you got your man back."

Another five minutes had passed and if another five did before the Morpher showed up, I was binding William's wrists and ankles, tossing him over my shoulders, and sprinting with the wind until I hit Canada.

"Sorry I took so long," a man said in a strong Latin accent, breezing to a stop in front of Patrick. "Traffic," he said, shrugging.

"And by traffic you mean ..." Patrick asked, looking like he already knew the answer.

The man nodded. "John's men. About thirty of them spaced over a five mile direction that way," he nodded to the direction he'd just come. "Might I suggest, sir,"-he looked at William like a devote Catholic would the Pope-"going the other way." He pointed his head in front of him.

"You know what you're getting yourself into?" William asked, concern lining his face. "You know what these men were sent to do to me. What they'll do to you if they catch you?"

The man looked William straight on. "It would be an honor to die in your defense, sir."

Patrick's eyes rolled to the sky. "I told you, Norberto. Nix the sirs and hero-worship. Ruler of the universe doesn't like it."

Norberto bowed his head. "Pardon me, sir ... I mean ..."

"Thank you, Norberto," William interrupted, patting the man's brown cheek. "You are giving me the opportunity to get her out of here. I will be forever indebted to you."

Norberto looked up at William, his eyes shiny wet. He thrust his fist to his chest. "It is an honor."

"Alright, alright," Patrick said, pulling Norberto to the side. "He may be Zeus of the Immortals, but he's still my brother ... and he's even been known to fart every now and again." He flashed William a look that was all annoying little brother before turning to Norberto. "Alright, show time, buddy. Do your thing."

Norberto looked at William, studying him like a sequence of code, his eyes moving like a typewriter. His body started to quiver, like something inside was trying to burst its way to the surface. I felt my mouth drop, but given I was watching a man change, square-inch by square-inch before me, I felt it was a better response than screaming in horror. The transition was smooth, but not instant. It started at his feet, moving up his body like a theatre curtain being lifted to reveal the star attraction hiding behind it.

Norberto was short and slight, but by the end of it, he'd lengthened the full six foot three godliness that was William and stacked layers of muscle in all the right places.

"Oh, my gosh..." I was incapable of offering anything more intelligent.

William, or Norberto-William, looked at me, hitching his hands on his hips, and flashed a smile that was scary similar to the one that made my body rush whenever William gave it. He winked.

William tapped Norberto's chest. "Don't get any ideas. She's taken."

"Lucky girl," Sierra said, her eyes ping-ponging between the two Williams like mine were. "That's a dilemma I wouldn't mind finding myself lip deep in."

"Why?" Patrick semi-hollered, lifting his hands to the sky. "Why is it every female in existence goes for you when you've only had it bad for one of them?" Patrick looked at me with playful exaggeration. "What a waste."

"You're not bad to look at either, sweetheart," Sierra said, looking Patrick over. "But there are these key characteristics women look for in a man: humility, intelligence, passion, that whole I'd-go-to-the-ends-of-the-earth-for-the-woman-I-love thing. It's a thing called romance. And from everything I've heard, you're the anti-romantic."

He crossed his arms. "Hasn't anyone ever told you not to believe everything you hear?"

"I've heard that a time or two," she said, playfulness in her eyes, or was it ... flirting? "The thing is, rumors generally become so because they're true."

"That's a messed-up view to have."

"I know. That's why I give the person the benefit of the doubt before I accept the rumor as the be-all-end-all." She smiled at him, no disguise about the flirtation in it, and what was crazy was Patrick's smile of reciprocation.

Here we were, death circling around us in some sweltering Central American jungle, and these two found it an appropriate time to bat lashes at each other. Dinosaurs had better survival instincts.

These two were perfect for each other.

I snapped my fingers. "Back to reality kids. Reality being thirty of John's gorillas chomping at the bits to pull every last bit of life from us."

The four light faces around me eclipsed into darkness. Debbie -Downer wasn't generally my thing, but a girl's got to do what she's got to do to save her man.

"The Morpher's here,"-I gestured at him-"morphed and ready to go. You two can stay here and pass notes if you want,"-I didn't make the annoyance in my eyes slight-"but I'm getting you out of here."

William was staring back at me, covering his mouth that I knew was turned up in amusement. "I'm getting you out of here," he said, still looking amused by my tirade, before turning to Norberto. He embraced him and though it seemed there should be stranger things I'd seen, I couldn't think of any as I watched William hugging ... himself.

"If you need anything, anything at all, you know where to find me."

My William pulled back from imposter William as he said, "An honor, sir."

Patrick threw his arms in the air, giving me a look that said, can you believe this guy? Before twisting Norberto away from William. "You know what to do, you've been trained by the best"-Patrick winked at him-"make me proud. Divert some Inheritor slugs."

Norberto high-fived him like he'd just been given a pep-talk pregame as opposed to pre-death. "Ladies," Norberto nodded at us, his legs popping from energy.

"Lead them away from here, as far as you can," William said, likely feeling the weight of having to chose between the deaths of many Mortals to the death of one Immortal. It couldn't have been an easy one, but he exuded grace under fire. "Then morph back as soon as you can. You know what they'll do to you if they catch you?"

Norberto nodded once. "I grew up in a village near here. I take my calling of being a Guardian seriously. If it takes my life to save theirs, I'd consider my Immortality well spent." With that, he jetted into the trees, nothing but the white-blue streak trailing into the night to remember him by.

I, like William, would be forever indebted to Norberto. There'd be few things I'd deny him if he ever asked me for a favor.

"You two go first," Patrick instructed, kneeling beside me, coaxing me up with his shoulder. "Sierra will go with me." He looked at her, challenging her to argue back, but there was nothing but agreement shining from her. "We'll take the first plane out of here since I can bet neither one of you thought to bring any kind of identification." His eyes pointed at us in a parental way.

William and I shifted.

"That's what I thought. Good thing I'm the responsible one." He looked back down at Sierra. "And since I'm all too aware that John requires all his people to carry the proper identification to be ready for anything, I'd wager your passport and ID are in your inside left coat pocket." He fished for said pocket, Sierra's eyes narrowing in direct relation to how long he fished. "Man, I'm good," he said, waving several documents our way.

Realizing we were still there, he said, "Do you need me to do a countdown, maybe ready-set-go style?"

I felt the same confusion register in William as was me.

"Code word for," Patrick said under his breath, "get the hell out of here."

"What about you?" I asked, stepping forward. "You don't have any time to waste trying to maneuver your way into this poor, unsuspecting girl's better judgments."

"Watch who you're calling unsuspecting, sweetheart," Sierra said, "or poor for that matter. I've got a reflector field so impenetrable to guys like him it would make your pretty little head spin."

Patrick motioned at her like he was showing off his A+ science project. Reviewing William and my flat faces, he ceased the joking. "Don't worry, we'll be out of here soon. I want you guys to go first so we can be the ones they're hot on if any get past Norberto. Besides, what's the fun in being an Immortal if I can't give myself a hit of death-induced adrenaline from time to time?" He grinned, his face alive. "Hurry on home. We'll be waiting."

"Don't wait up," William said, his voice spilling implications. "It might take us awhile."

"I really enjoyed the time off I had from gagging around you two love-birds," Patrick said, cringing. "Oh well, as they say, all good things must come to an end." He looked at me. "Take care of him."

"That's all I've ever tried to do," I replied, looking down.

"Yeah, but you've done a sucky job of it. Stop being such a martyr. Grab your man and ride off into the sunset."

"I will," I vowed, perhaps the most solemn one I would make.

"Welcome back, sister," he said. "I missed you."

"I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I missed you, too." My smile turned stern and I was back in the present moment. "Don't wait any longer than a minute," I told him. "I'm serious, Patrick."

A salute was all I got before I was thrown against William's chest via his arms that had lifted me into them. "He'll be fine. This is like the kiddie pool in comparison to the deep water Patrick's been in over the years."

"Hopefully I didn't forget my floaties back home," Patrick's voice dimmed as we darted through the jungle.

I'd experienced William's speed before, if speed was the right word to use. Mach 3 seemed the better description given the way we were jetting forward, the jungle blurring into a dark green tunnel. It had me wondering if William's odometer topped out at a maximum speed limit. I felt another burst of speed ignite in him, as if proving limits weren't something that pertained to him.

It seemed silly he was carrying me when I was plenty capable of holding my own tramping through the Nicaraguan jungle, but the thought of separating myself from him, if only by a few feet, seemed like an impossibility.

"I don't think so," he said, pointing his eyes at where my teeth were victimizing my lower lip. "You're not going anywhere."

"Fine by me," I said, amazed. We'd always been able to feel each others emotions, like some sixth sense inside me could register what was going through him, but it appeared his had sharpened to the point of reading my mind ... with crazy good accuracy. Super. Just what I needed.

"In fact ..." He skidded to a stop, lowering me to the ground, pressing me into the nearest tree. "This is better," he whispered. "You're not going anywhere from here ... for awhile." My heart didn't have a chance to react before his mouth covered mine. He kissed me, hard and deep, crushing his body into mine.

I was sandwiched between the banyan tree and William's body, positively squished with no air to breath, yet I couldn't pull him tighter to me. My hands roamed his back, welcoming him closer, wondering if our bodies could fuse into one. A few notes of splintering sounded behind me, reminding me that the object holding us up behind me was not Immortal strength. Something else floated to mind ...

"Are you serious?" I breathed, giving a weak effort at shoving him away. "What are you thinking?" I scanned the area surrounding us, trying to calm the flames he could turn into a wildfire in about two seconds.

"That was kind of the point," he said, his breathing accelerated. "I didn't want to think. I just wanted to kiss you."

I sidestepped him, backing up a few yards, knowing from experience distance from him and my rationality were in direct relation. "I appreciate the effort. I really appreciate it," I said, my lips still warm from his. "But I can't really imagine a worse time to take a hiatus from thinking."

He stayed silent, looking like he was consumed with trying to calm his breathing, so I continued "Let me restart your memory. We've got a pack of John's soldiers on our trail." His face didn't change, looking like he needed another jumpstart. "Sent here to kill you."

He shrugged, like John's men were chasing him with nothing more deadly than paint-ball guns. I felt a bit of my anger switch to him. There was no way I could protect him if he took such brash risks with his life. "All I care about is that you were gone an hour ago and now you're back in my life. I want to be with you, making up for lost time, not dodging a bunch of Inheritors in the jungle. Let's face it, Bryn, there will always be something or someone chasing us; we can't live our lives running a never-ending marathon." His eyes held mine, coming for me. "Besides, you've got a lot of making up to do."

I swallowed, my throat going dry. I back-stepped, matching every one he took towards me. "I'll make you a promise," I said, taking another survey of the surrounding area. "Once we make it to the Colorado border, we can take a break ... where we can do a little making up for lost time."

"Colorado?" he said, a note short of a holler. "That's a good day away. No deal." His head shook. "Mexico. And I'll take more than just a little making up for lost time."

It was my head's turn to shake. "I want more than just a thousand miles of distance between us and this place before we let our guards down."

"Just how much distance are we talking about?" he asked, wetting his lips, making no qualms about tempting me back to him-as attractive and luring as a venus fly-trap.

"I'll take three countries and two states," I answered, crossing my arms.

"Not a chance," he answered, crossing his arms as well, although I'm sure it was another attempt at tempting me towards him since his arms were bursting through the cuffs of his shirt. "Texas." I opened my mouth to object. "And that's my final offer. Take it or leave it."

We'd wasted enough time arguing. Whatever distance we'd covered from William's rip-roaring speed could have been closed by John's men if Norberto and Patrick's plan hadn't worked. "Deal," I sighed. "Since I don't really have any other choice."

"Nope, you don't," he said, his face victorious. "And now you don't only owe me for the two months apart, you owe me for the next twelve hours or so-that will be teeth-clenching torturous at best-until we make it to Texas."

"That's a lot of debt to pay off," I said, letting my mind wander a bit too far. That tingling sensation I'd managed to stifle returned.

"An overwhelming amount," he said, his voice low.

"Good thing for you I pay all my debts back promptly and with an exorbitant amount of interest attached."

"Well, I'm keeping track of every last you-know-what you owe me." His eyebrows peaked.

I grinned. "Come on, Scrooge," I said, ready to launch forward, never imagining I would have looked forward to crossing the Texas border so much. "Try to keep up."

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

PROMISE

So we didn't quite make it to the Texas border. We found ourselves tangled up before the Guatemalan dirt had flung itself off our shoes as soon as we crossed the border into Mexico. Tangled again in Texas, even more so in Colorado, and by the time we crossed into Montana, I was surprised the surface of my skin wasn't rubbed raw or that my lips didn't look liked they'd been stung by a swarm of killer bees.

"How's my payback plan looking now?" I asked, as we lumbered up the steps of Charles' home.

He scratched his head. "Well, you made enough of a payment to keep you out of default, but I'm afraid I'm going to need significantly more if you want to keep your account in good standing."

"Something tells me I'm going to be paying this debt off until the end of time." I laughed, not minding if that was what he had in mind.

"I think you might be right," he said, shoving open the front door.

Leading me through the front door of his father's home with his hand on my back, deja vu made its appearance. It hadn't been all that long ago when we'd climbed these steps following an event that nearly claimed both our lives. William's face was set with resolution and I was nearly breaking out in hives just thinking about encountering another awkward Charles, William, Bryn triangle. The previous ones had gone so well ...

"The prodigal returns," a voice emitted from the kitchen before Patrick came around the corner, a salad bowl overflowing with Fruity Pebbles in hand. I let out one of those gut-deep sighs, relieved to see Patrick had made it back in one piece, and his ability to irritate just as spot-on as ever. I felt William's relief flooding him at the same time. "You two love birds kept us waiting long enough," he mumbled, crunching through the cereal before shoveling another heaping spoonful in his mouth.

"Sorry, we were delayed." I bit the corner of my lips, sneaking a glance at the man on my left. He was a shade shy of crimson.

"Now that's my kind of hold-up," Patrick replied, doing jumping-jacks with his brows.

William cleared his throat. "Where's father?"

Patrick held up his index finger, speed-eating through the rest of his cereal, finishing it off by tilting the bowl to his lips and slurping the milk.

"I swear they must put crack in Fruity Pebbles," he mused, slamming his bowl down on the table, a trail of milk dribbling down his chin. "He's in his study," he said finally, glancing up the stairs behind us.

"You came from a time when manners were highly regarded, right?" I asked, motioning at my chin, hoping he'd catch the hint.

If he caught the hint, he didn't do anything about it. "I like to think of myself as a man for the current times."

"You are that," I said, the smile fresh on my lips vanishing as William pulled me up the stairs. Even at Patrick's and my worst, I'd take a battle of tongue-thrashing with him any day over a meeting with Charles.

I fidgeted with my clothes and my hair, smoothing and twisting.

"Will you stop?" William said softly. "You have nothing to prove."

"Yeah," I said, all sarcasm, "it's not like I practically killed his son-not once, but twice-then ditched him for someone else who ended up becoming an Immortal against the Council's wishes. I don't know why I'd have anything to prove."

William rolled his eyes at me, shoving open the door to his father's study. He didn't even knock, which would have given me a chance to compose my face.

"Welcome back, son," Charles said, not appearing surprised, or phased, by the sudden barrage. "I'm glad to see you're alright." He looked up from his laptop and the stack of files piled in front of him, waiting.

"I need to speak with you. Right now." William approached the front of his desk, me in tow.

"As you can see, now is not a good time." Charles turned his attention back at the laptop. "From everything that's going on, you'd think we were on the verge of an Immortal apocalypse."

William slammed his hands down on the desk, thunder erupted through the house. "I am a member of your Alliance, as well as your son. That's earned me two minutes of your undivided time," he said, his jaw locked.

Again, the stone flat expression, but Charles leaned back in his swivel chair, extending his arms at William. "I'm listening."

"I have a request I'd like put before the Council."

Charles stifled something that could have been a smile. "Something tells me I've heard this request before."

"You have, but not in this many words," William said, looking purposeful about towering over his father. "You and the Council-all the Guardian Councils-believe I'm the chosen one. You want me to do this, you want me to claim my supposed higher-calling ..."-his eyes gripped me, the kind of warmth in them a girl could lose herself in-"Bryn becomes a member of this family."

Charles sighed, looking between the two of us like we were as dangerous as a crystallized crate of dyn**ite. "I was wondering how long it would take you to figure that out," Charles said, sliding his hands down the arms of his chair. "I don't think there's a single thing you could ask for that the Council would deny you in exchange for your cooperation."

"I still have my doubts, but since you're all so certain I'm the one, I'll fulfill whatever calling the Council comes up with if it means being with Bryn."

He looked between the two of us, studying us like we were a chess game and he was making out his next move. When the continued silence threatened to break out my fidgeting, Charles leaned back in his chair, staring absently through the window. "I'll present your proposal to them first thing tomorrow morning. We'll vote on it for formality's sake, but you can consider Bryn as good as Betrothed."

I blinked, making sure I wasn't dreaming.

"However, I want your word"-his eyes commanded William-"that you'll do what's required of you if she becomes a member of this family."

William didn't let a moment of silence pass before answering, "You have my word."

"It's settled then," Charles said, returning his attention to his laptop. "It appears we have a Betrothal Ball to plan." I didn't miss the humor in his tone or the smile that broke.

"Let's hope it's less eventful than the last one Bryn and I attended," William replied, exchanging a look with me before pulling me away from his father's desk.

"William," Charles called out abruptly. I cringed, sure he was calling us back to yell something along the lines of April Fool's! "Could you send your brother in? I have something important to discuss with him."

"You got it," William said, not breaking stride as we left the office. At the end of the hallway, he stopped abruptly, lifting me up at the same time my back made contact with the wall. "You're mine," he whispered, placing a kiss over my mouth that was soft and sweet.

"I always have been," I said, my legs tightening around his waist, completely unconcerned that Charles was a few rooms away.

William beamed, his eyes soft. "But it's official now."

"What does that change?" I asked, knowing it changed everything and nothing, depending on how he was looking at it.

"My right to punch a guy in the face for imagining you nak*d," his smile turned mischievous as he planted another kiss on my mouth before twisting around to the staircase. My legs still around him, he slid down the handrail, his face alight with exhilaration. We flew off the banister, nearly ramming into the front door. William twisted the handle open, hollering over at Patrick, still at the kitchen table upending another box of cereal. "Hey, little brother. Guess who wants to see you upstairs?"

"Oh, goodie," Patrick said, crunching through his cereal. "He's been trying to corner me for the past month. Wanting to discuss my future," he said, curling his nose. "He seems to think I've been sowing my wild oats for a century too long and its time for the untamable man to be tamed." He shoved the chair back, fastening the top button of his dress shirt. "Immortal hearts are going to be breaking around the world soon. It would be a good time to invest in Kleenex stock."

"You might want to tell your broker to put your order in sooner rather than later," William said, pressing me back to him. "I have it on good authority"-his eyes trailed up the stairs-"that a Betrothal Ball is forthcoming."

Despite knowing it would be an event where I would be promised an eternity with the man I loved, my stomach dropped at the mention of it.

"I'd offer you my congratulations, but Bryn's looking like she caught a bad case of cold feet," Patrick said, looking me over. "Having second thoughts about being tied for-ev-er to my big brother?"

"No," I said, warning him with my eyes. "It's just my prior experience with Betrothal Ball's has tainted my impressions of future ones."

Patrick tilted his head back, laughing silently. "I didn't think anyone could worry more than William, but low and behold, I've found a challenger." He strolled towards us, clasping his hands over my shoulder. "Relax, Bryn. Everything's going to be smooth sailing from here on out." He looked up, exchanging a look with William.

"Unlikely," I said under my breath as he patted my cheek.

"What's up with Sierra?" William asked, guessing or knowing I needed a conversation intervention.

"What's up yourself, handsome?" Sierra called out, sauntering out from the hallway. Her eyes circumnavigated William like she was Columbus and she'd just discovered America.

I cleared my throat, turning to Patrick. "Are you holding her prisoner until she concedes, or if necessary, is brainwashed into thinking you're the pinnacle of the male species?"

Sierra cleared her throat, mimicking the undertone of irritation in mine. "Do I look like the kind of woman he, or anyone for that matter, could hold prisoner?" She didn't wait for my answer. "I've decided to stay."

"I made a convert out of her," Patrick said, glancing over at her.

Sierra met his gaze. "It had very little to do with you and mainly to do with that slimy, skuzzy John Townsend and his bunch of Inheritor radicals set on destruction and world dominion."

"Yeah, but a little had to do with me," he pressed, certainty in his voice.

She rolled her eyes, a response as essential as breathing when in Patrick's presence, although she'd picked up on it faster than most. "A little."

Patrick elbowed William. "I'm growing on her."

"Like a noxious weed," Sierra muttered, weaving through the living room towards the kitchen.

Patrick's eyes followed her the whole way, his neck craning as she disappeared from sight. I had to snap my fingers to bring him back from whatever daydream he'd lost himself in.

"Look at it this way, Bryn" he said, back in the moment, turning to head up the stairs towards his father's study, although I didn't miss the look he gave them-like they were insurmountable. "What's the worse that could happen? You end up Betrothed to me?" he said, wagging his brows back at us. "Could you handle all this?" he taunted, grinding up against the banister. "I've had two centuries to perfect my moves. You've got a lot of catching up to do if you want to keep up with me."

"That is revolting," I said, shuddering with exaggeration.

William pulled me out the door, shaking from his stifled laughter. "We'll leave you two alone," he hollered up to Patrick, whose hands were running over the handrail a bit too graphically.

"Think about it, Bryn," Patrick yelled after us. "There's more than one brother that leads down the road to becoming a Hayward."

His voice was on the opposite spectrum of serious, but it was the words that stopped me in my tracks. So much so I think William might have experienced a bit of whiplash. I wasn't sure if he'd caught Charles' vagueness when it came to promising William he'd make me a member of this family, but I hadn't. Especially now with Patrick inadvertently slapping it in my face.

Could Charles' vagueness have been intentional, a calculated attempt at luring his son into agreeing to his higher calling? I didn't want to believe it, but I couldn't say I didn't completely. Charles had conceded quickly, as if we hadn't been battling him and the Council for months with not even so much as a glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel.

"Everything alright?" William whispered. I looked over at him, finding no doubt or concern or anxiety in his eyes. There was nothing but exhilaration coming from him. He didn't suspect anything, he's not fretting over the technicality that Charles had not, in so many words, said I'd become a member of this family via William ... not Patrick.

It was William's reassurance that gave me a dose of my own. He knew his father better than I did. He trusted him. I would, too. Besides, I was known for being a little paranoid from time to time. Our happy ending was coming and nothing or no one-Patrick included-would interfere with it.

"Never been better," I replied, not having to fake the smile that came.

"Let's get out of here, then," he said. "Like, now."

"Where are you two kids off to?" Patrick asked, at last ceasing his male stripper-esque moves since he'd lost his audience at hip thrust number two.

"I've got to go see about a debt that's due in full," he called back, winking over at me. My stomach felt like it was dropping to the molten layer of the planet. Wherever he was taking me, I hoped we got there fast.

I got my wish. We'd no more taken than the first step on the lawn when he ransacked me into his arms, flipping the turbo booster switch to his legs. The wind cut my eyes, so I kept them closed into slits because it didn't seem right to close my eyes when his face was so close-the face I was so sure I'd never see again.

"In a hurry?"

"Like you wouldn't believe," he said, sweeping through the trees, ducking and leaping over the boughs reaching out for us. I didn't need to ask where he was taking me. I'd only been here twice and neither time had I been particularly paying attention to directions, or in my right mind for that matter, but the closer we got, the more I felt it. Calling to me, waiting for me, a tangible relic of William's and my future together.

His pace remained unchanged as he leapt over the stairs leading up the front porch, only slowing to twist open the front door.

"You've been busy," I said, sweeping my gaze around the room that had been nothing but a skeleton a few months back.

"It turns out when the Council isn't sending you away for months on end and the distraction of a woman is removed,"-he smirked down at me-"you can get quite a lot done."

I matched my expression to his. "You're telling me you were able to finish building a house in two months," I said, something catching in my throat when I saw the hand-carved bookcases lining the east wall, "while following me around Europe at every turn?"

"I might have had some help with the house," he said, unapologetic "but someone had to look after you since you certainly weren't and Paul's as oblivious as he is in love with you. It turned into a full time job," he said, smiling through trying to sound serious. "Although this was one job I found thoroughly rewarding."

"Sorry I kept you so detained from building houses and saving the world ... and stuff," I said, nudging him.

He shrugged, taking the stairs three at a time as he headed to the second floor. "No worries. We only need one."

"Says the man with a seven spread over the world," I said, catching myself. "Or six now ..." I bit my lip, reliving the German chalet going up in flames. "I'm really sorry about your house. I promise-"

"Forget about it," he said, his face unconcerned. "Besides, I'm sure I can think of a way you can repay me."

"Is that so?" I elbowed him in the ribs, not needing to look to know which room we were slipping into. Like the first time I'd stepped into it, there was an intangible quality moving in the air that defined the room as ours.

"Mm-hmm." He nodded once, lowering me onto the bed.

"Would this repayment have anything to do with me being situated on your bed in your room at this very moment?"

"Perhaps," he said, grinning everyway but innocently. "Not exactly subtle, am I?"

"Not one of your strong points," I said, sprawling my arms over the pillows, trying to tempt him down to me. "It's good to know you have one."

"I have many," he said, my attempts at luring him down working. The mattress rolled as he lowered himself onto it, crawling beside me.

"You don't have me convinced or, for that matter, every Guardian who believes you are their chosen one."

He managed something of an eye roll. "Strip away everything that has been attached to me. Immortality, Guardian, a Giver ... the chosen one,"-he had a tough time saying the words-"behind all of that, I'm just a man. A man in love with a woman." He twisted his fingers through my hair. "The most beautiful woman in the world."

I paused, waiting for the voice inside of me to go off. To sneer reminders of all my inadequacies, every reason I didn't deserve the man lying beside me. The internal critic remained quiet-so quiet I waited another minute, certain it was just taking its time to put together something really nasty. Nothing came, though, and it was in between my pulse points of shock at the mute internal critic that I knew I'd not only gotten my man back, but my confidence as well.

"So," he said formally, looking down "If you were all set for running away with me before we were promised a Betrothal, that must mean you're ready for all that goes along with ..." he trailed off, needing to give no more clarification.

I felt heat run the full length of my body. "I'd say more than ready. Besides, I'm tired of saying no. I'm committed to a life of yes from here on out."

His eyes stared into mine, searching for a fissure in my admission. "You're serious, aren't you?"

I winked, reclining back into the mattress. "Let me show you how serious I am." As if we were tied together by a fixed rope, my movement pulled him forward. My eyes held his, pulling him closer. When he was close enough I could feel the vibrations thundering in his chest, he stalled. Actually, it was more of a yank on the emergency brake.

"I can't believe this," he said, hoisting his hands on his hips, drawing my attention to an area of his body that made my breathing more ragged.

"Can't believe what?" I asked, my chest jack-hammering.

"I can't believe I'm going to say this, especially now that it appears I've finally worn you down." He pointed his hand at my sprawled out form over the bed with amused accusation. "You'd better make note of the day and time because I'm sure this will earn me a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records as the first man to say no to a woman making a similar proposition." He tapped his wrist. "Time-10:32 PM. Date-October 15th. Subject-William sorry-excuse-for-a-man Hayward." He looked at me, a smile playing at his mouth. "Pursuer-Bryn tempest-extraordinaire Dawson ... soon-to-be Hayward."

William rarely rambled on; he was the kind of person who made you think he selected each word with painstaking care. Where most people were at a loss for words in an uncomfortable situation, he had the opposite problem.

It was this that struck me first, seeing him at such a loss, so it took a few heartbeats time to register that he'd just told me no ... told me no to something he'd been so adamantly yes for.

I shook my head. "Forgive me, I've had a tumultuous couple of months, but I thought I heard you just say no."

He winced, like a recap was physically painful. "You heard me right. I did say no."

I paused, waiting for the punch-line or for the glint to ignite in his eyes or heck, for the apocalypse. Nothing happened though, so I said everything that was going through my mind

"Why?"

"Because I'm an idiot," he said, more to himself than to me, before accentuating the space between us. He sat on the edge of the bed-the very edge-like he was saying no to us even sharing the same mattress.

"I want to be with you more that you can imagine-"

I shook my head, ready to mumble something along the lines of yeah, right, before he lifted his index finger to silence my rebuttal. "More than you can imagine. But here's what I realized a few days ago. I took away so many things from you when I changed you."

I rolled my eyes, no longer able to stay quiet. "Yeah, and there was this other thing you did called saving my life."

He continued, unaffected "Naturally, I want to give you everything. I want you to have everything."

I would have interrupted again, telling him I did have everything just by having him, but his face was locked in concentration and I didn't want to interrupt his flow. "When I turned you into an Immortal that night, I took away your right to one day have children ... grandchildren." He stroked my cheek, apology in his caress. "I took you away from your friends, family, college-"

It became too much. I couldn't let him bear the guilt of the pieces of my past and the promises of my future on his shoulders any longer.

"William Hayward," I interrupted, sitting up, "have I not been utterly and unequivocally clear that I don't have any regrets since I met you?"

"There was this one time you left me not too long ago ..."

I managed something of a scowl at him. "Yeah, I'm well aware leaving you was the biggest mistake I've ever made and ever will make. That's hindsight, right?" I bit my lip. "Sorry about that."

He grinned. "You're forgiven. Just don't do it again."

I crossed my index finger over my heart solemnly.

"Good enough for me," he said, nodding once. "Back to what I was saying about ruining your life"-he grinned wider when my eyes narrowed-"I know how much I took from you-despite your reassurances otherwise-so therefore it's my responsibility, my duty, to make sure I spend the rest of my eternity making it up to you."

"Making it up to me?" I asked, looking at him like he was insane.

"By making sure I give you every opportunity to experience anything and everything possible."

"Okay. That sounds a little monumental, not to mention vague."

He pulled my hands into his lap. "I can't give you children, but I can give you my last name. I can't give you the kind of wedding you dreamed of as a little girl, but I can give you a wedding night." His eyes looked into mine and I saw a glimmer of it, that night. It was just a glimpse, but enough to make my stomach knot. "I can't give you the gentle passing of time as you watch your family expand, but I can promise you a man who will never leave your side. I can't give you back everything I took that night I changed you, but I can make you a promise that I will spend my existence trying to make it up to you."

I swallowed, wishing I could have made such professions of love to him delivered with the same eloquence. But what oil was to vinegar, I was to eloquence.

"I know you're trying to paint a bleak picture for me, but getting to spend the rest of my life with you, just like this"-I ran my hand down his chest, that was equal parts hard and heated-"is anything but sobering." His eyes closed as my fingers trailed lowering, hooking into a belt-loop of his jeans. "Are you sure your answer is still no?" I asked, shamelessly luring him with my voice.

He kept his eyes closed, squeezing them tighter. "Yes, that's still my answer, at least for now, because as soon as we're United you will never hear the word no from me again when it comes to any aspect of elevating our relationship to the next level."

I unhooked my fingers and settled for circling them around a pillow. I tossed it at his face. "I can't believe this! You're impossible."

He nodded, opening his eyes. "You certainly wouldn't be the first person to say that. Come on," he said, pulling me up from the bed. Probably for the best since it didn't sound like we'd be making good use of it anytime soon.

He slid open a window, letting in the crisp Montana air. "Just a second," he said, disappearing through the window. A thud sounded above as a hand reached down to me. I grabbed hold and he swung me up onto the roof beside him.

"I think I like where you're going with this," I said, taking in the stars sparkling against the blanket of black above us.

"I've barely gotten started," he whispered, pressing me down with his chest against mine.

"Definitely liking where you're going with this," I breathed, back pressed into the roof, everything else pressed into him.

He kissed the outside of my mouth, hitching his hands over my hips. "I thought you might," he said, moving to the other corner of my mouth. "I figure if we're going to spend a good portion of our time out here star-gazing, we'll need a lot of practice to ensure we don't slide off if we're ... distracted."

I felt his body shifting, but it was going the opposite direction of where I wanted him. I might have begrudgingly agreed to wait until we were United for all I wanted to be doing at this very moment, but that didn't mean we needed to downgrade our level of intimacy to prude status. I moved quicker, ending up directly beneath him again. I pressed my h*ps into his just so, not feeling the least bit of guilt. There were more things than balance we could practice before our Unity.

His moan was interrupted midstream by a holler, followed by his body sliding down and away. I don't know if his foot caught hold in the rain-gutter or my hand grabbing his stopped his fall, but one thing was apparent either way. William was right about us needing practice, or harnesses, if we planned on making the steep angled roof a regular retreat for our post-Union romance.

"What were you saying about practice?" I asked, pulling him back to me and, small as it was, it felt good pulling him back from the abyss. He'd done it so many times for me, but this was the first time I knew of where I was the one pulling him back from the brink.

"My point exactly," he said, dusting his hands off on his pants. "Lots of practice. Lots and lots."

"And lots?" I asked, trying to keep from smiling.

"Exactly."

"It sounds exhausting, but I think I'm up for the challenge," I said, lounging back again, waiting for him.

I didn't wait long. He crawled towards me, settling over me without cushioning his weight on propped elbows. "Me too," he said, a myriad of affirmations hidden in between the lines of his promise.

Experience had robbed William and me of our naivety when it came to our future together. We'd been slapped in the face by reality before we had a chance to get all idealistic about how life could be for us. There were no rainbows, white horses, or yellow brick roads waiting for us, but here's why I didn't care.

I had him.

The rest of it was the make-believe of tiara and tulle twirling five-year-old girls. Even the most imaginative of them couldn't have dreamed up a William Hayward and I was the girl who got to share an eternity with him.

Happily ever after wasn't a destination, it was a journey. And we were well on our way.

His lips slid over my neck, giving physical meaning to the phrase, and right before my eyes fell in response, they caught hold of a patch of night sky. A patch where a very familiar star was blaring its brightness, no longer flashing at me like a strobe. It didn't need to anymore; its message had been delivered. I'd followed its advice, all the way back home to the man I loved.

THE END

