Prologue

A Dance of Giants

Rusted earth trembled beneath Ari's feet, cracks in the thirsty ground glowing ember in the pervading darkness. The air burned against her cheeks as though she were stuck within a circle of invisible fire - her lungs oxygen deprived, her tongue thick and teeth dry. She blinked, disorientated, wondering where she was and how she had gotten there. Her arid and pained eyes found nothing to snag upon as they swept the vast emptiness around her. The arching, deep darkness of the starry night above her folded over on her in its infinite black.

"Hello!" she choked out, her voice hoarse and small as it echoed into the nothingness.

Where am I?

The thought had barely launched into the alien night, when a foreboding rumbling sang out from a great distance. It grew louder and more ominous as it was joined by crashing and crunching that shook the very ground beneath Ari's feet.

"AAAAAARRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!" A war cry split the world into two as a mass of giant limbs flew past Ari and thundered to the ground, their impact blasting Ari off her feet. She took a minute to suck back in the breath that had been knocked out of her. She winced at the stinging pain as skin scraped off of her elbow, and as rocks bruised the back of her bare thighs. The shrieking, pounding, and uproarious explosions of violence that was met by rough, guttural eruptions of rage that she heard beyond, made Ari's heart slam against her chest. The terrifying sounds made her forget to question where she was or why she was still in her pajama shorts and t-shirt.

"Holy fu-macaroons," she caught herself, breathing the words of frightened awe under her breath as she scrambled to her feet. "Aah!" she squeaked, dodging a piece of flying earth that had been pounded out by the largest fist she'd ever seen. Before her, two Jinn fought. Two over-sized, forty feet tall Jinn. Even from the distance she'd been thrown, her neck craned back to watch the Jinn's fight. Ari forgot to run, to find safety, to listen to her adrenaline. The sight was mesmerizing in its ferocity. Ari studied them. Bursting in and out of flames, the fire seeming to be physical evidence of both Jinn's attempt at control as they fought manically. One was female, her long dark hair abused and bloodied near the forehead, her beautiful face, for the most part, unmarred. The male Jinn was worse off. Blood streamed from cuts on his face as the female made new ones every time the old ones began to heal. His own long dark hair was falling from its midnight braid as the female attempted to rip it from its hold. It occurred to Ari that the beautiful male Jinn was not trying to hurt the female, rather he was trying to hold her off.

The female lunged onto the male and the two collided to the ground, knocking Ari off her feet once more. Blood trickled down Ari's arm but she barely noticed as she shakily hurried to stand. Her heart raced at the sight of the female Jinn's sharp-nailed hand she'd wrapped around the male Jinn's throat. He reached up, tugging at her grip. Ari's breathing grew shallow with fear at the sight of the stunning gold circlet around his bicep. It was smeared with blood so fresh it matched the ruby inset in the middle. Afraid (but for whom Ari did not know) she let her gaze drift back to his face, and she watched as his dark eyes looked into the female's eyes in mute sadness. The female froze, her hand still wrapped tightly around his neck.

Without thinking Ari took a step towards them, her heart tugging at the sight of the male and his hurt showing in his eyes. She wanted to ease his pain, to wrap her tiny self around him. She felt as if she knew him somehow. At the same time she was drawn to the female Jinn. To her desperate need. Her want. But for what? What?

"I'm sorry, brother," the female Jinn whispered, a tear dripping from her luxurious eyes - eyes that matched his. "I must."

Before she could execute whatever she 'must' the female was thrown by invisible hands and landed with an earth-cracking thump. This time, having expected it, Ari had braced her legs and only stumbled on impact. Her eyes widened at the massive female foot that rested before her; so large she could have climbed upon it as if it were a tiny boat. She gulped, mesmerized by the gold ankle bracelet that could have chained the boat to dock and the pretty gold toe ring that Ari would have been able to put her head through.

The shift of air and the unbearable heat that kissed at Ari's cheeks like burning pieces of paper, alerted her to his advancing presence. The thunderous roar of giant footsteps vibrated through the ground as Ari turned and watched him approach. Her eyes travelled the enormous feet, the gigantic legs in the bluest of watery silk, to the tightly roped abdomen and upper body, and thick bulging arms with matching gold armlets...

... Ari squinted, the features of his face shadowed by the night as his head reached into the stars.

Swallowing hard Ari took a few steps back, her feet staggering on the moving earth as he kept walking until he stood braced over the male Jinn's prone body.

"YOU WILL NEVER HAVE HIM, MOTHER OF MINE," His voice boomed into the world and even the stars dimmed in awe at his words.

The female gazed up at him as she pulled herself into a sitting position. She was so beautiful that Ari was transfixed, not wanting to acknowledge the viciousness in the pretty turn of her mouth, and the madness in those velvety eyes. Ari had never known such wicked beauty.

"YOU WOULD PROTECT HIM FROM ME, MASTER?" Her painted words sang out in glittering ethereality and Ari found herself sighing along with the earth.

"I WOULD PROTECT YOU FROM YOURSELF."

"NO!" Her shriek sliced the ether, shattering the stars into pieces. Ari's hands flew to her ears as she was blown back off her feet for what felt like the fifteenth time, her mind trying to play catch up. What had she missed? What had HE said? What did it mean? Why did she feel such despair?

Her body slammed into softness and Ari's eyes flew open.

"Holy..." she breathed as her eyes adjusted to the dark of her bedroom. Her heart still raced inside her chest and she shifted uncomfortably. If she had a normal body temperature like normal people she would probably be soaked in sweat after that dream. A wonderful breeze whispered into the room from the crack of the open window and Ari turned onto her side to catch its cooling balm on her face. Well, it would have been a cooling balm if she could actually feel more than a tickle of its presence. This whole temperate thing was getting to her.

Temperate thing? she snorted inwardly. What about that dream?

What the hell had the dream been about? Was she finally losing it?

It was the stress of everything. Of her dad, Derek. Of Charlie. Of Jai. Not to mention the evil biological father that waited patiently in the darkness. Ari buried her head in her pillow, willing herself back to sleep so she didn't have to deal with all that crap until morning. She only hoped she didn't dream about the strange giant Jinn again. Why couldn't she dream like normal people and have stress-related dreams that involved losing teeth?

She groaned.

Oh right.

"Because I'm not normal."

1 - A Raincloud of Stolen Wishes

Sleep eluded Ari and she rolled out of bed early, slumping around the house like a zombie as she showered and readied herself for another day in limbo. As had been typical since Derek returned from the hospital after the demon Jinn, Pazuzu, had put him in a coma (not that Sandford Ridge was aware of that; as far as they knew Derek's coma had been a medical mystery), the calls started pretty quickly and once more she found herself telling well-wishers and her dad's work colleagues that he was still resting and she'd get him to call back as soon as possible. Finally, at around eleven in the morning, when it became apparent Derek had no intention of coming out of his room (again), Ari headed up with a tray of cold toast, eggs and some coffee. She knocked on his bedroom door awaiting the sound of movement. She hadn't seen his face in a while now. Not even when Jai and Charlie had had a shouting match the other day. He'd slept through the entire thing. For the last few days Ari had been leaving food trays at his door and collecting the empty ones. It was perhaps time to begin a stakeout. She'd wait for him to open the door and then launch herself at him.

"Dad?" she asked softly. "You awake?"

No answer. A shuffle from beyond the door told her he was there though.

"I have some breakfast here."

No answer.

Feeling impatience burn in her veins, Ari struggled to keep her voice even. "Mr Zellman called from your office again." As if she didn't have enough problems to deal with.

"I'll call him later," Derek replied softly, sounding pretty close.

"That's what you said yesterday."

"I'll call him, Ari. Just... I'm tired, sweetheart. We'll talk later."

Each bite of rejection was getting bigger, and frankly, Ari was getting tired of standing there like an unmoving, idiotic target. Letting the tray drop with a petulant clatter, she turned away muttering under her breath, "You said that yesterday, too."

Beyond annoyed, Ari fled the unbearable loneliness of the house, slamming out of the kitchen door and into the backyard. The sun smirked down at her and she felt like flipping it off. Everything was a mess. She hadn't spoken to Charlie since she'd asked Jai to throw him out that fateful morning they'd discovered he was a sorcerer. Ari had been too enraged to be in the same room with him. She couldn't look at Charlie, never mind talk to him, and her cell was switched off because he wouldn't stop calling.

A sorcerer? According to Jai and his stupid book, a sorcerer was such an ambiguous status. It could send normal half-breeds off the deep end, never mind humans imbued with Jinn power. Who knew what this would do to Charlie? And why had he done it? Her heart literally ached thinking about it. Ari just couldn't understand why he would wish to become a part of this world when she had told him how much she wanted to be free of it. The pressure on her chest increased, and she glowered up into the bright sky. No. She wasn't stupid or clueless enough to think Charlie's decision had anything to do with her. It was all about revenge. He was going to get himself killed. Matters were not helped between them when he refused to tell her and Jai who had granted the wish. Jai reckoned it had to be a Marid or a Shaitan. Ari couldn't discount that perhaps her real father, The White King, and all-around swell piece of crap was behind the wish. She hated to even think her uncle, The Red King, had something to do with it. In fact, right now she had to believe otherwise; no matter what. She needed at least one powerful ally in all this craziness.

The ache flared across her chest in a jagged shot of lightning and Ari gasped, a release of anger pouring out of her in heartbreak. Everything had changed with Charlie. She couldn't pinpoint exactly what it was or what it meant, but everything had changed. Whatever it did mean, Ari knew there was no going back for them. Willing the pain out of her, Ari concentrated on the patch of sky above her and forced the clouds to grow dark and heavy with water until they burst, pounding into the ground and slapping against her skin in symphony with her hurt.

Ari, stop.

Wincing at the commanding voice echoing around in her mind, Ari twisted around to find Jai standing tense in the doorway, his fists curled tightly together, his vivid gaze burning through her. His jaw was taut and she knew he was annoyed. Yeah, well, she was annoyed too. He'd been kind of A.W.O.L after throwing Charlie out for her and he'd been unable to meet her gaze whenever he did decide to grace her with his presence. She felt her cheeks stain red as she remembered the night at her front door when he'd rejected her. She wasn't stupid. He was completely uncomfortable around her now. Yay.

Disappointed in him, but not wanting to analyze anything else, Ari shrugged nonchalantly and turned to look back up at the sky. It's making me feel better.

Stop it. Now.

What is it? she sighed wearily. What's wrong?

A growl rumbled behind her, "I said stop it now, Ari."

She turned around at his agitation, her own eyes flashing angrily in response to his commanding tone. Taking a second, Ari drew in a deep breath, letting the rain run in rivulets down her cheeks and onto her lips. Noting Jai's increasing impatience, Ari concentrated, willing the rain off and the clouds to return to normal. The shadows bled from the garden and once again the sun beamed down upon them. "What is your problem?" she snapped.

He exhaled heavily and Ari felt a prickle of worry when she spotted the dark circles under his eyes. Watching him rub his hand familiarly over his short hair, she let her eyes wander before she could stop them, drinking in his gorgeous face, strong forearm, and the tiny diamond in his right ear that was winking in the sun. Her eyes focused in on it. That was new.

Jai cleared his throat and she drew her gaze back to his. He rubbed the ear stud self-consciously between his index finger and thumb. "My friend, Trey. A gift. I didn't want to say no. He means well."

His crooked, uncertain smile hit her in the gut with a bolt of pure lust, and right then she hated him for making her all gooey inside. She sighed, shifting her feet uneasily. That wasn't really his fault though. "It looks good." She smiled despite herself. The stud was so small, it was barely even noticeable. It was tasteful. Still, she felt like teasing him a little. "Very genie of you."

"Yeah, that's what I was afraid of."

"I promise, it looks good," she reassured him and immediately wished the words hadn't come out like that. Had her voice gone all low and... flirty? She felt blood rush into her cheeks again as his eyes darkened on her, a strange tension springing up between them as they stared wordlessly at one another. Yes, her voice had gotten flirty. Yes, Jai was once again reminded she was hot for him. She couldn't break away from his gaze. It was like his eyes were a fish hook. All he needed to do now was reel her in.

Reel me in. Please reel me in.

Realizing her thoughts could so easily have echoed into his mind, Ari bit her lip, wishing someone would just throw something at the space between them so it would get shocked by the electricity sparking there and break the damn tension.

What was she doing? Deliberately setting herself up to be rejected again? He was in love with someone else. Shaking her head, Ari let her eyes drop. "What's with the attitude? The rain?"

Jai's face instantly changed, becoming blank again as she reminded him why he'd come out here in the first place. "It's time we talked about the magic," his voice was surprisingly quiet and unsure. "Honestly, this time."

Ari frowned at the word choice. "Honestly?"

"Will you come inside?"

Her heart picking up speed, Ari nodded, not liking the sound of this one bit. She followed him into the house, taking great care not to check out his butt in his worn blue jeans. Her eyes travelled the width of his shoulders, however, feeling a pang of longing at the sight of his physical strength. She wondered what it would be like to hug him. She bet it felt wonderful. Safe. She wondered what it would be like to nuzzle her face into the crook of his warm neck and inhale him, his arms holding her so tight against him. When Jai turned around to take a seat in the sitting room, Ari dropped her gaze again, not wanting him to read what so clearly must have shown in her eyes. Letting the longing ease out from her limbs (a much harder feat than she'd assumed), Ari sank down into the chair opposite and once she was sure she could stare at him blankly, she lifted her eyes. "What's going on?"

"There are consequences to magic."

His blunt response made her blink a few times in confusion. "Uh... what?"

Jai sighed, looking uncomfortable again. He couldn't meet her eyes. Great. "Before... when I was teaching you, The Red King ordered me not to tell you everything there was to know about magic. In case you decided not to attempt to use it. We needed you to use it. Your dad needed you to use it."

Her pulse throbbed. "Consequences? What consequences, Jai?"

"When you made it rain... you caused a drought somewhere else."

Ari's jaw dropped. "OK. What are you talking about?"

"Jinn magic - like everything about us - has a balance. The only magic truly our own, is that which helps us defend ourselves or aids others in their destiny. We can create enchantments to protect us and anyone who happens to be with us when we need protecting. The Peripatos, like the defense, is part of us, as is flying and the telepathy. Granting wishes, and creating paths for life journeys is something that's also natural to Marids, Shaitans, and even some Ifrits. And as you know, Ifrits tend to have something individual within their magic that makes them special. It's all the genetic make-up stuff so it's free. It's who we are. The other stuff - well, it can be powered by charms and talismans; that's why sorcerers use them."

"The other stuff?" Ari asked between clenched teeth, suddenly hating where this was going.

"The unnecessary stuff - food, clothes, money - it all comes from somewhere else. It already exists, it doesn't just appear out of thin air. It was in someone's wallet or it was in a store..."

Ari's eyes widened. "The leather jacket I conjured? I basically stole it from the store?"

Clearly ignoring the rising annoyance in her tone Jai nodded calmly, "Yeah."

Her mind was whirling with the news. She'd stolen something! She glared at him. "What about everything you conjure?"

"I own what I conjure.... For the most part. Clean clothes come from my wardrobe. Money from my bank account. But stupid things like pineapple juice for the Aissawa Brotherhood... well, that came from somewhere else."

"Where else?"

"Someone's fridge probably. A neighbor's. It usually comes from somewhere as close as possible in location."

"Essentially, you stole it then," Ari snapped.

He shrugged at her again and she wanted to throw the remote at him.

"Why didn't you tell me?" an ugly knot was forming in her gut. Not Jai. He might not return her feelings but she at least thought she could count on him. "You had me thinking that the cool magic trick part of this nightmare was a little bright spot in a very crappy and dark situation."

"Your uncle commanded me not to, Ari. I told you, he knew you wouldn't use your magic if you thought it was unethical and he needed you to in order to trigger your heritage as the Seal."

"But couldn't you have told me and I would have just conjured stuff I already owned?"

He shook his head at her impatiently. "You needed to stretch your magical muscles and do things that required an almost full scope of power."

The knot was sprinkled with a heavy dose of bitterness and she felt the emotion bleeding into her words. "You should have told me. I thought you were my friend."

If she wasn't mistaken she saw his eyes flash with an unnamed emotion before he quickly blinked, vivid but flat, green eyes staring back at her once again. "An assignment from The Red King is a huge deal. I didn't want to mess it up."

"You gave me that book when you weren't supposed to," she argued.

"That was different. That was to educate you about important things you really needed to know."

"This is important! I needed to know this."

"All I can say is I'm sorry. I had to follow those orders."

He did sound sorry but Ari was too mad to care. "Good to know where your priorities lie."

"Ari, come on-"

"What else are you hiding from me?" she cut him off, her eyes narrowed on him in suspicion. Before he could answer, the sound of her father's heavy footsteps pounding down the stairs shot her off the couch in surprise. She whirled around to see him storming across the hall, grabbing up his car keys. He looked like hell. "Dad?" she rushed toward him, the blood whooshing in her ears.

"I need to get out," he muttered without looking at her, not even aware of Jai's presence behind Ari.

"No, Dad, we need to talk."

"Not now, Ari." And before she could even blink he was outside, the door slamming shut behind him. Utter shock and pent up fury held her immobilized for a second as she listened to his car door open and shut and the engine flare to life. That familiar growl finally knocked her back to reality and she spun around to glare at Jai who didn't have time to mask his soft, sympathetic eyes. "No." She shook her head, her teeth grinding together. "I don't think so." She thought of her car keys and the metal dropped heavily into her open palm.

2 - Even as I Drink My Lips are Dry with Thirst

The bitter chill in the air pinched at Dali's skin, little goosebumps rising up all over his arms in the aftermath. He shivered a little in his plain t-shirt, leaning over the balcony in the guest room his father gave him whenever he was lucky enough to be invited to Mount Qaf. He was lucky if that invite came once a year. The balcony hung out over mountains that winked back at him in the winter sun, the dazzling green of inset emeralds making his blood rush with need. It didn't take much anyway for the thirst to attack, that thirst for power, that ever-growing need to be more than what he was, but Mount Qaf emeralds were an entirely different story. The need they inspired... He sighed, scratching his arm unconsciously as he thought about his father's power, his domain over this part of the mountains. Beautiful homes were scattered among the mountains, precarious walkways leading back and forth between homes, the marketplace and the large gated curtains to the entrance of his father's sprawling house that had been carved into the very rock of Mount Qaf, just like all the other royal homes.

His eyes caught on a burst of moving color and for a moment Dali's frustrations were forgotten. Moving up towards the billowing silk curtains that draped over his father's enormous gates - 'for a more welcoming impression' as his father always said - was a small entourage. Men and women dressed in bright colors and light, loose clothing that Dali would have been freezing in, were walking at the front and back of a magic carpet. Straight out of the Arabian Nights. Dali smiled softly at the unexpected sight of a beautiful female Jinn kneeling upon the floating Moroccan Berber rug, her eyes wide as her family led her to the mansion. He'd never seen a magic carpet before. Well, he'd seen them rolled up in his father's house but he'd never seen one in use. They were very rare. The fact that this family used one now was a sign of celebration. The luscious beauty was a gift for his father. Dali's smile slowly melted into a frown and he felt that familiar rush of love/hate he had for his father mix into a bittersweet mouthful like chocolate and salt on the tongue. It was difficult to live in the human world and have to deal with people who had no idea how extraordinary he truly was. He'd gathered a few followers these last years, made some money, some contacts - but he still only saw his father once a year, was only allowed a glimpse into the world of Mount Qaf before it was torn from him again and he was back in the real world, hungering for what his father had. The knowledge that he would never have the power his father had ate at him, ate at his love for his father, despite the fact he was always so affectionate and giving whenever he saw him. His father always asked after his mother and gave him gifts to take back to her, gifts that had made their lives extremely comfortable. Perhaps if his mother had been broken-hearted by his father leaving them in the human world he could have hated him more, but she wasn't. She was always grateful for what he had given them, grateful that he had given her Dali, grateful that someone as extraordinary as he had deigned to want her. Dali felt his jaw clench, watching the curtains part with magical hands and the gates swing open behind them. Clearly not feeling the vicious bite of the winter chill, the entourage danced their way up the side of the mountain to his father's home, the girl on the magic carpet beaming nervously from her seat. God she was beautiful, Dali sighed, feeling a stirring of lust - not really for her but for what she represented. A Jinn - an actual Jinn, powerful in her own right, being offered as a gift to his mighty father. What Dali wouldn't give for that kind of supremacy.

A knock at the door sounded and Dali ducked back inside his airy room. It was part of the building that wasn't built into the rocks of the mountains, so his walls were bright and emerald free. The four poster bed in the room was made of solid, dark mahogany and comfortable armchairs and sturdy furniture decorated the space. The bed was covered in cushions he'd have to bury through to get to the actual mattress. His duffle bag lay slung at the bottom of it. He wouldn't unpack. His father usually only required his company for a few nights. Anyway, he had his growing criminal organization to get back to. Without him they'd forget they even were an organization. "Yes?"

The door swung open and a Shaitan with blood red eyes walked into the room. Dali felt a frisson of fear slither down his neck at the sight of the Shaitan that was so much more powerful than he'd ever be. Not powerful enough to walk away from serving his father, he reminded himself, straightening the cowardly curl in his spine. "Master will see you now."

Dali could have sworn the Shaitan was sneering at him as if he knew how much he'd frightened him. Reminding himself that he was a grown man, and not just any man, but a hybrid, a sorcerer, Dali touched the emerald talisman around his neck and drew out its power letting it pulse into the room. The Shaitan just smiled at him condescendingly, his eyes saying, 'yeah, yeah, you're Master's son. I'm trembling in my boots.' Trying not to flush at the unspoken condescension, Dali felt a growl purr out from the back of his throat. "Lead the way," he snapped and the Shaitan laughed, his red eyes glowing brighter before he turned. Dali followed the short demon out of the room, noting how his bare feet never made a sound on the cold flagstones. They passed through bright, cream-colored hallways with bronze sconces and bronze-framed portraits and landscapes. Moving through a light, vast hallway, a number of Shaitans stood on guard, their eyes staring straight ahead, ignoring Dali. They continued up into darker corridors as the home became part of the rock. More sconces lit the dark, emerald glittering halls and Dali couldn't help himself from reaching out and touching one of the gems, feeling a shot of energy shoot into him and sizzle in his blood waiting to be used in magic. Like a junkie needing another hit, he touched another emerald.

"Stop that," the Shaitan snarled without turning around. Dali snatched his hand back from another stone, although his throat burned hot it felt so dry with want.

Eventually, after what felt like hours of walking, the Shaitan knocked on a door before opening it and stepping aside to let Dali pass.

"Son," a deep, smiling voice called to him from the other end of the room. It was a small throne room where a dozen Shaitans stood in formation along the walls and dancing girls giggled at his father's feet, offering him wine and food. His father sat on his tall white-gold throne and smiled at him, standing to his feet as he made his way through the perfumed air towards his father's position on the dais.

"Father." He smiled back up at The Gleaming King despite himself, love for this man warring with his envy at first sight of him. The Gleaming King had the hardest, blackest eyes Dali had ever seen and yet when they looked upon his son, they always glittered with warmth and humor. His hairless head gleamed even under the moody candlelight, the gold in his ears and on his fingers giving credence to his name.

"It is good to see you." His father stood up from his throne, his massive figure causing the shadows to reform in the low candlelight. He walked slowly down the dais and came to a stop before his son who stood only a few inches shorter than him. "You have been doing well. Channeling your heritage into something... productive."

If you called pulling off the perfect bank jobs anyone had ever seen, with a little help from his talismans and magic, then yeah, he was channeling his heritage into something productive. "Thank you, father."

"I have news." The Gleaming King put an arm around him and began to lead him away from the dancing girls.

"If it's anything to do with the delightful Jinn female that's been bestowed upon you I already saw her. Very nice."

The Gleaming King laughed; there was a hard-edge to the sound that caused the hair on the back of Dali's neck to rise. "No. That is not my news, although I am very happy with my latest acquisition. No. I thought you might like to know that the war between my brother and father has escalated."

"The White King?" Dali frowned. His father had told him about The War of the Flames, how Azazil had caused the Seven Kings' world, whose job was to manipulate and form the destinies of Importants, to crumble into chaos. He knew The White King was trying to change things back to the way they had been, that he was trying to usurp the Sultan Jinn. That sounded crazy to Dali but he kept his mouth shut considering his father was on The White King's side.

My brother has found a way that may gain him some headway, The Gleaming King spoke to him telepathically so the others in the room would not hear.

How?

He kept a secret from me. An important secret. About the Seal.

Dali's eyes widened. The Seal of Solomon, the ring that hung around a strap of leather around Asmodeus' neck, was famous. It was said to gift the wearer with the ability to command all Jinn, good and evil. What about the Seal?

His father grinned at him. There is a girl...

And from there he began to tell Dali a story that sounded preposterous but if true, so very, very intriguing.

3 - The Truth and its Last Chance

Her heart was pumping her blood around her body so fast Ari felt nauseous - like she had been running for miles instead of chasing her father through town until he skidded to a stop in a random spot at the edge of Vickers' Woods. Clearly knowing she was tailing him, Derek had dashed out of his car and into the woods, shouting over his shoulder as Ari pulled up behind him that he just needed some time alone.

Well he'd had time alone. Days of it!

Stomach unsettled at the notion of finally facing up to her dad for the first time since he'd learned the truth about her, Ari had to force herself to chase after him into the thicket of woods. To her surprise, he had stumbled to a stop in the exact same spot she'd told Charlie the truth about her heritage. Twisted coincidence, she thought wryly, exhaling as she circled him.

Derek glanced up at her warily, a frown wrinkling the skin between his eyebrows. "I told you I needed some time alone."

"You've had time, Dad. Lots of it. Why did you come here?"

He shrugged, looking around him as if he were lost. "I used to come here a lot after my parents died. It seemed to be the only quiet place in town."

Ari came to an abrupt halt, his admission surprising her to her very core. He'd never spoken about his parents willingly before. He seemed to notice her surprise and smiled unhappily. "Yeah. Mom and Dad." He slumped down onto a nearby log and for the first time, Ari noticed the little wrinkles at the corners of his eyes and touches of grey in his hair that hadn't been there before. When his eyes seized hold of her she froze under his gaze, terrified by the unbearable sadness in them. "My dad wasn't around much when I was kid and when he was, he was always drunk. My mom was a quiet woman, meek even, and she couldn't cope with my father's behavior. So she shut everyone out, including me. I pretty much raised myself. You know my dad was drunk when he was driving the car that killed them both?"

A soft gasp escaped her open lips before she could stop it. "No, I didn't know that." You never told me.

Shaking a little, Derek shrugged and then shoved a hand through his hair, pulling it back in frustration before letting go into a deeply weary slump. "I never knew how to be in a family, Ari. I never had that. It was always just me. And I didn't know how to create one. Or if I even wanted to. Sala was the first woman I ever loved." He nodded at her and Ari straightened at the mention of her mysterious mother.

"What was she like?"

"You look a lot like her. But it wasn't just her beauty... she was fun and passionate and she believed in the impossible. Being around her was like being on the ultimate high all the time. I was addicted to her even though she was always coming in and out of my life whenever she felt like it. When I tried to ask her where she went when she wasn't with me, or ask her about her life or her past, she'd grow distant and that scared me. So I stopped asking. I just wanted her there with me. But not asking didn't stop her from leaving me and when she disappeared for nine months I was heartbroken. Her showing up on my doorstep pregnant and about to pop was like winning the lottery. I thought she'd stay, Ari. If not for me, then for you. But as soon as you were born she just... disappeared. I heard little whispers in my head telling me I should get a paternity test, make sure you were mine, but I was terrified... terrified you weren't. And I really wanted you to be mine. I really wanted to have a piece of Sala." He glanced up at her, tears shimmering in his eyes and Ari sucked in a watery breath, feeling her own eyes start to sting with unshed pain. "I really do love you, kid. I guess I just never loved you enough."

It was like a knife in the gut. Or a bullet in the heart. Or an arrow in the chest. Something sharp. Something painful. So painful. It hurt so much, and for a moment Ari couldn't breathe from the impact of his words.

Seeing how destructive his words had been a tear slipped down Derek's cheek. "Sweetheart, I never meant to hurt you but you know I've been a shitty father. It was fine when you were a kid but you started getting older and you started looking more and more like her and it was hard... hard to be around you. I've always been alone, Ari. I don't know anything else. I was never meant for anything else. It was selfish to keep you."

"Dad...?" she was sobbing quietly now, the tears spilling down her cheeks.

"I wish I was a better father. I wish I was a better man. I wish I loved you the way that you deserve to be loved. I've been angry for years, Ari. And it wasn't until I discovered the truth about you and Sala that I realized how angry I am at your mother."

She clutched her stomach, not sure she wanted to hear anymore. "Dad, please..."

"I wish a lot of things, Ari. And I regret them all too. But discovering the impossible truth, that these beings are real - who you are, what they want from you. It took me a while to get my head around it but," he paused, taking a breath, "What I'm trying to say is - despite it all, despite my shitty attempts - I will never regret keeping you safe, even if I didn't know that's what I was doing."

The bittersweet confession was the most honest conversation they'd ever had and it was also the most painful. Not sure what to say or where to go from there, Ari opened her mouth to speak. It was then that the woods erupted into fire, stalling her. She jumped to her feet, her body registering the threat before her brain did but by then it was too late. Something solid connected with her head and Ari barely had time for a last thought before all the lights went out.

Because of the trace Jai had put on Ari when he'd kissed her that first time they'd been introduced, he could feel her emotions screaming and Jai could pretty much follow the shrieking. She had just pulled up to Vickers' Woods. Jai collapsed onto Ari's dad's armchair, wondering what was happening out there. He knew it was about time those two hashed it out, but he was afraid for Ari. Afraid whatever Derek had to say was going to hurt her. And he had a horrible feeling she'd already been hurt today. By me. Feeling uncomfortable, Jai shifted uneasily. Ari wasn't even in the room to pin him to the chair with those wounded eyes. He had done the right thing by not telling Ari about the magic. He had done his job. What did she want from him? She knew he worked for The Red King, she knew he was her guardian not her friend. What the hell was with the guilt trip? He cursed under his breath just as his cell rang. He tugged it out of his back pocket and flipped it open when he saw the name. "Trey, what's up?"

"Did she like it?" his friend asked with a grin in his voice.

"Did who like what?"

"Ari. Did she like the earring?"

Jai clenched his jaw in irritation. He should never have even mentioned her, or that awkward, blazing moment at her door when she'd tried to kiss him and he'd been so close to giving in he thought he was going to explode with need for her. "Is that why you forced the earring on me? You said it was a congratulatory gift for getting this job. You know, the kind of gift a friend can't refuse. But if this was some sick thing you got in your head about Ari-"

"What the hell crawled up your ass?" Trey cut him off.

"I told Ari the truth about magic."

"About time."

"Yeah, she didn't take it very well."

"And you're feeling guilty because you have feelings for her."

"Stop psycho-analyzing me. I don't feel guilty. I'm just annoyed. I'm waiting on her returning. She ran off after her dad."

"He finally left his room?"

Jai rolled his eyes. Trey's mind was a steel-trap; mention the slightest detail and he'd remember it. "Yes, he did."

"Well, when she gets back and she forgives you for lying to her, bring her to L.A., I want to meet her."

Feeling a spark of unwanted jealousy, Jai found himself saying the words, "She's off-limits, Trey," before he could stop himself.

His friend laughed. "It's not like that. And I'm seeing someone at the moment anyway. He runs a nightclub downtown and he's very hot. Human this time. The last Jinn I dated was no fun in an argument. She kept running off into the Peripatos every time things got heated."

"Was she the one that kicked off your girlfriend ban?"

"Yeah, it didn't last long. Although, I haven't been with a woman in a week."

"So this nightclub guy is new?"

"Yeah, we've been dating about a month."

Jai snorted, thinking how Rik, Trey's dad, would have an apoplexy if he knew the truth about his son's sexuality. Rik was stuck in the dark ages and completely homophobic. Trey often joked that he thought Rik wouldn't go too mental because Trey dated girls as well as guys but Jai knew underneath, Trey was terrified of his father finding out the truth.

"What?" Trey huffed, laughing. "We're not monogamous or anything. I'm over that."

He was only over that because the last relationship he had been in had almost killed him. As well as being a guardian Jinn, Trey was an artist (something else his father didn't know about). He'd fallen in love with an art dealer in L.A., and he and the guy had been seeing each other for just over a year when the guy finally got fed up of sitting around waiting for Trey to tell his family about them. He'd walked out and left Trey a mess.

"Yeah." Jai sighed. "So is that why you called? To annoy me about Ari?"

"She sounds nice, man. And she sounds hot. I say forget about the old man and go for it."

"How do you know she's hot? I haven't even told you what she looks like."

"I know that look in a guy's eyes when he thinks the person he's talking about is hot. You were practically drooling."

Flushed with embarrassment, Jai snorted down the phone again, "You're so full of it."

"You're a dick."

"So are you."

"Well this is very mature," Trey laughed. "But in all seriousness, Jai, you've got to let go of this crap with Luca."

"She's just a girl."

"OK, maybe she is. You still gotta let this stuff go."

"I will if you tell your dad you bat for the other team."

"I don't. I bat for both teams."

"You know what I mean."

There was silence down the other end of the line and then it crackled as Trey sighed heavily. "We're trapped, aren't we?"

The truth of that statement stabbed at Jai. There was a possibility he was going to go through his whole life trying to measure up to his father's inexorable expectations. And there was a chance he was going to lose everything that might have been meaningful trying. "I think we are, yeah."

After another moment's silence, Trey asked, "So, did she like the earring?"

Jai shook his head, a wry smile curving his lips despite himself. "I think so."

"You still pretending what happened, didn't happen?"

"I have to."

"OK. Answer me one thing...?"

"OK?"

"She's hot isn't she?"

"Goodbye, Trey."

"No come on, man, I want details."

"She's not for you, Trey," Jai warned, feeling that inexplicable possessiveness take over again. Why was Trey so fricking interested in her?

"I know that, didn't we just cover that. Jeez, someone's a little overprotective. I just want to know if the girl who's got you all tied up in knots is hot?"

"She's not got me all tied up in knots."

"No, but you wish she did," he snorted.

Rolling his eyes at his friend's weak joke, Jai sighed heavily. "She's hot. Now piss off." He hung up, feeling exhausted. Talking to Trey was like talking to a politician. You never really got anywhere.

A chill shot through Jai's body and he stiffened in surprise. Jinn didn't feel much in the way of changing temperature but Jai did when a person he had under trace was in danger.

Ari!

Heart pounding against his chest, Jai drew himself up letting the flames of the Peripatos overwhelm him. Two seconds later he stepped out into Vickers' Woods, the smell of damp moss and wet grass hitting his nose just as his eyes fell in horror on the scene before him. Derek lay slumped at the feet of a Shaitan and beside him was Ari, unconscious at the feet of another Shaitan. The tall one over Derek's lifeless body smiled at Jai, his teeth sharp silver points that glittered in the afternoon sun.

"I bring a message from The White King."

Jai's eyes narrowed, fury flowing into his veins. "Yeah?"

The Shaitan winked at him. "Checkmate."

With one last smirk, and just as Jai was darting towards them, the two Jinn stepped back, huge flames engulfing them as they returned to Mount Qaf from where they'd been sent. Panic had consumed Jai. His movements felt slow, his heart rate too fast, and his vision blurred. He fell upon Ari and rolled her over, two fingers resting on her neck. At the feel of her pulse beating steadily beneath his skin, Jai cursed, relief unfurling through his entire body. His throat burned with unnamed emotion and he leaned over, pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead and inhaling her familiar vanilla scent. He brushed a trembling hand down her cheek, her skin the softest, finest thing he'd ever felt. His eyes drank in each tiny detail, the long fan of her lashes across the crest of her cheeks, the small delicate nose, her full soft lips; longing punched him in the gut and he sighed, pushing himself back from her. This was getting ridiculous.

With a little distance, sense returned and Jai rushed over to Derek. Derek looked abnormally pale. Worry spiked through his blood again and Jai nudged Ari's dad over, his fingers reaching for his pulse. He frowned, not feeling anything. He shifted his fingers waiting to feel that little steady press in and out against the pads of his fingers.

Nothing.

Disbelief shot through him. There was no pulse. Remembering the Shaitan's ominous message, Jai sat back on his heels and held out his hands, palm downwards, moving them through the air above Derek's body, searching for a trace of Jinn magic. It wasn't until he reached Derek's head that his hands tingled and he sensed the trauma that had been caused at the Shaitan's hands.

"No way," he breathed as he fell backwards.

He had been sitting there mooning over Ari like an adolescent boy with a peephole into the girl's locker room and Ari's dad...

The air crackled behind him and Jai whirled, lowering himself into a defensive position, protecting Ari and her dad's body. At the sight of The Red King, Jai straightened. The look on Ari's uncle's face drove home the truth. Stepping towards Jai slowly, his huge body tense with emotion, The Red King shook his head, his red hair swinging below his waist. "He's gone," he told Jai sadly. "My brother sent the message to me knowing I would be too late to stop him."

"This is revenge?"

"Yes." His blue eyes glittered dangerously in the light. "Payback for defying him."

"Ari," Jai choked, glancing down at her still curled up form unconscious on the grass.

The Red King didn't say a word. Instead he strode past Jai and knelt down, lifting Ari into his strong arms with ease. "I will take her home," he replied softly. "I have to explain everything to her before she does something rash."

"And Derek?"

"The Shaitan was ordered to give him an aneurism. Even when dealing out revenge my brother likes to keep things organized and easy to clean up after." For just a second, The Red King's face flickered, his eyes turning black, and shadows swirling under his skin. Then just as quickly, he looked like himself again. "Arrange it so that Derek is found. Put him back in his car and have it placed somewhere someone will find him quickly. His death must be like all other human death. It will be easier for Ari in the long run."

"Easier for Ari," Jai growled, rubbing a hand over his short hair in desperation. He felt useless. "How is... she's not going to get over this."

"She'll have to." The Red King looked down at his niece and Jai could have sworn there was a sad fondness in the huge Jinn's eyes. "The White King has thrown down the gauntlet."

4 - I'll Protect You Once I Save Myself

The sound of snoring had become soothing despite its origin. Charlie was sitting across from his dad in silence, watching his chest rise and fall in drunken sleep. The television was muted, the football game playing across the screen just flickers at the edge of his vision. A bottle of scotch lay at his dad's feet. It was difficult to come to terms with the truth. His father was a drunk. And his mom didn't seem too concerned about doing anything to help him. Sure the house was cleaner, she was starting to pay more attention to Charlie - she'd even hugged him the other day - but Mike's ghost still lingered in the house. A sharp knife of pain flared in Charlie's chest and he closed his eyes briefly, still amazed by how fresh the grief of losing Mike could be. Maybe if they'd had a more volatile relationship like some brothers, maybe if Mike had been a total pain in the ass, then he could deal with his death more easily. But Mike had been a great kid. He'd been his buddy...

... The soft rap at his door was not unexpected. Charlie sighed, throwing his pencil down on his math homework and spinning around to face his bedroom door. "Come in," he called with only a slight rasp of exasperation in the words.

The door opened slowly and Mike's boyish face appeared in the doorway. He was getting taller, but Charlie still saw a tiny little kid that was somehow his to protect, even though Mikey could hold his own and had more charm than men three times his age. Mike was the most popular kid in his class and at Little League. He even had every teacher in his school in raptures over him.

He should also be in bed by now.

His chocolate eyes were wide as he shuffled in and closed the door behind him, his smile sheepish.

"Mom and Dad wake you up?" Charlie asked him quietly, hating that his parents' constant arguing upset Mikey so much.

Mike shrugged. He was at that age now where he thought he had to pretend to be OK about everything. Especially in front of his big brother. "I wasn't asleep."

Another curse word floated up from downstairs as their mom and dad started arguing again. He winced as his dad accused his mom of spending too much money on clothes for Mikey. Charlie knew what her shrieked answer would be before it came. "You should go back to bed, Mike."

His little brother shrugged again and jumped onto Charlie's bed. "What are you doing? Talking to Ari on Skype?" he teased, his grin far too knowing for a twelve year old.

"No," Charlie huffed, a little affronted that even his little brother thought all he did was think about Ari. He got enough crap about it from his friends at school. "Math homework."

Mike wrinkled his nose. "I'd take Ari over math any day."

"I thought you liked math."

"It's OK."

Charlie narrowed his eyes on Mike. His brother had that look. He hadn't just come in to see him because of his parent's fight. He wanted to talk to him about something. Knowing that with Mike you had to wait it out of him, rather than press him about it, Charlie whistled softly and swung a little on his chair, his eyes trailing over the familiar posters in his room.

"So..."

He raised an eyebrow at Mike. "Yeah?" Holy crap did Mikey just blush. Charlie grinned. "What?"

Squirming a little, Mike exhaled like a forty year old with the weight of the world on his shoulders. He couldn't meet Charlie's eyes. "Something happened at Sarah's party on Saturday."

"Oh really," Charlie tried to hide his grin. Mike had been invited to a eighth grader's birthday party over the weekend which was almost unheard of, but she was the big sister of one of the kids in Mike's class. "And?" thinking he knew exactly what was coming next.

"We played Seven Minutes in Heaven," he mumbled hurriedly.

He couldn't help it. Charlie laughed. "Who did you have those heavenly seven minutes with?"

The shy awkwardness melted away as Mike looked up, finally meeting his gaze. He grinned mischievously. "Sarah."

"Kissing and everything?"

"With tongue." Mike nodded, his grin taking on a cockiness that cracked Charlie up.

Once he'd stopped laughing so much, Charlie shook his head in amazement. "Score. An older woman, little bro. I'm very proud."

Having told his big brother and received such accolade for his exploits, Mike straightened his shoulders, his eyes glittering with confidence now. "I think I have a thing for older women."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah." He took a moment, thinking something over before he finally asked, "Are you and Ari dating?"

Charlie choked, surprised by the unexpected question. "What makes you ask that?"

"She's hot."

Groaning, Charlie covered his eyes in mortification. "Oh man, it's too weird for my kid brother to be calling girls 'hot'."

Mike snorted. "I just said I made out with someone."

"Yeah, but she was a kid I don't know. This is Ari, man. Don't call Ari hot."

"But she is hot," he replied indignantly.

"I know, stop saying it." Charlie laughed. It was too weird.

Mike made a face. "So are you dating?"

Did Mike have a crush on Ari? He started chuckling again. "Not yet."

"Aw man, that means you're going to."

He started laughing harder and Mike got up with the sole purpose of punching Charlie on the arm. That only made him double over.

"Come on, stop it," Mike whined.

"Wait until I tell her."

"You wouldn't!"

"Oh I would."

"Biggest mistake you'll ever make," Mike predicted, heading for the door.

"And why's that?"

"Because once she knows I'm interested she'll dump you faster than a hot potato."

Charlie nearly fell off his seat this time in hysterics. When he finally pulled himself together, Mike was grinning at him with a familiar stubborn glint in his eye. "You think I'm kidding."

"Stick to girls in the eighth grade, Mikey. You'll have an easier time with them."

Seeming to think a minute, Mike sighed. "OK, dude, you can have her if you really like her. Just be really cool to her because she's really nice. She doesn't talk to me like I'm five."

Yeah, Ari was cool. She was the most patient person he'd ever met. She could sit and listen to the most annoying people drone on forever, like that irritant she'd started hanging out with from her chem lab class, Rachel something or other. But Ari was just like that. She was kind. The nicest girl he'd ever met. They just had this bond. Like no one else knew the other as well as they did. Add the fact that she was, as Mikey put it, 'hot', kind of made it hard to keep their relationship platonic. Holding back another grin, Charlie nodded. "Thanks. You had me worried there."

Mikey rolled his eyes. "Yeah I can tell." He turned to leave, missing Charlie's silent chuckles. Then just as he was about to step out he turned back and asked, "You still picking me up from Little League on Saturday?"

Aw crap was it this Saturday he was on Little League duty? Charlie frowned, thinking about the big plans he had for Ari's sixteenth birthday. He was having this big bouquet of red roses made up for her and he'd booked a table at one of the nicer restaurants in town. Then he thought they could drive out to the Ridge and he could finally tell her how he felt. He was hoping by the end of the night he'd know exactly what her mouth tasted like, how her lips felt, what the curve of her hip felt like under his hand. He shifted, feeling warm at the direction of his thoughts.

"Are you blushing?" Mikey asked, suspicion in his gaze.

Remembering he was not alone, Charlie shuffled around in his chair, facing away from his kid brother. "I can take you on Saturday but you need to be ready real quick because I'm taking Ari out for her birthday."

"Can I come?"

"No. But I'll drop you off at Sarah's if you want?" he teased.

"Sarah's not my girlfriend," Mikey snorted, pulling the door open. "She's just one of my many women."

"Get out of here, Casanova."

With a sigh, Mike closed the door behind him. Charlie had only just begun to let his mind wander into fantasy land where Ari played a prominent part when the door opened again. "What's a Casanova?"

"A walking STD," Charlie growled playfully, throwing his pencil at the door so Mike hurried to slam it shut.

His muffled words filtered through the woods. "What's an STD?"

"You'll find out in health class, munchkin. Now. Go. To. Sleep."

The huffy retort faded as he ambled across to his bedroom, "The name is Mike."

Shaking his head in wonder, disbelieving that little Mikey was already making out with girls in closets, Charlie pushed his math homework away. He had better remember to tell Ari he was pushing their date back half-an-hour. Oh, and that she now had two Creagh's crushing on her...

... Mikey had died that weekend. Everything had changed. Everybody had changed. And no matter how much Charlie wanted to let go, he knew the only way to put Mikey's ghost to rest was to find the bitch that had killed him. There in lay his problem with Ari.

Ari still hadn't returned his phone calls. It burned that she'd asked Jai to throw him out. It had burned to let him. But somehow he'd hurt the one person he'd never to meant to hurt. Again. He needed her to call. He needed to know that, despite her being upset at what he'd done, she understood, understood what he needed to do. And also... that she didn't regret that amazing kiss. He'd played it over and over in his head the last few days trying to remember if he'd ever felt like that with a girl before. He hadn't. Maybe it was because he loved Ari. He'd never loved any of those other girls.

Before Mike, before everything went to hell, Charlie had had these big plans for him and Ari. They would finish school, maybe take a year out to travel together, and then come back home and go to the same college, maybe get an apartment together. Before Mike, Ari had been Charlie's world. He'd watched her turn into this awesome girl and God, he didn't think he'd ever meet anyone as beautiful as her. He wasn't the only one who noticed. Guys at school had started asking him if they were together because if not they wanted to ask her out. The possessiveness, the jealousy that had torn through him woke him up and he'd realized then that he wanted Ari to be his and only his. Her sixteenth birthday was supposed to be the night it all happened. She'd known it was coming, he'd made it pretty obvious by talking about their future a lot in those weeks running up to it, and Charlie had been gratified to see that she wanted to be with him too. Such grand plans. To protect her like he'd always done, to take care of her and never neglect her like Derek had. But then Mikey happened... and Charlie hated himself so much he couldn't bear it. He'd needed everyone else to hate him too.

But Ari wouldn't.

He pushed her away, kept her at arm's length, and yet she'd still loved him. He'd pushed harder. For a while she dated a couple of other guys and that had killed him to watch but he'd convinced himself otherwise. He'd drowned himself inside countless other girls, using them deplorably, not even really aware of anything but the need to disappear for a while.

And then the relief to discover he wasn't responsible for Mike's death. Relief replaced the pain. Revenge replaced the hate. Discovering the truth about Ari, that she was some important mystical weapon in a Jinn war, didn't faze him. OK. It was weird. And it had taken time to adjust, but once he came to terms with the facts about everything, it didn't change the way he felt about her. He wanted to protect her again. And this time he wanted the means to be able to do it. The power the Marid had given him would aid him in hunting and killing the Labartu that had killed Mike. And after that, he'd use those powers to help safeguard Ari.

Charlie grunted. That's if the powers he'd been granted ever decided to make an appearance.

When the Marid had first given him the powers he'd felt the surge of energy crash into his body in glorious heat. But now... nothing. Had The Red King lied to him? Had it been a test? Had he failed? Anger choked him at the thought as he watched his father grunt in his drunken stupor. He needed the powers to be real. He needed revenge.

And he wanted Ari to call him back.

When his cellphone buzzed in his back pocket, Charlie's heart lurched in hope and he fumbled for it, pulling it out and grinning when he saw Ari's picture on the caller ID. "Ari," he breathed in relief as he answered.

"It's Jai," a familiar gravelly and very male voice replied, instead of Ari's husky feminine one. "I have bad news."

Charlie's heart literally stopped and he found himself poised over a precipice he knew he'd tumble over and into the black if Jai told him something that meant he'd never hear Ari's voice again.

"You there?"

"I'm here," he managed, the blood whooshing in his ears.

"Charlie... you better get over here. It's Derek."

His heart slowed a little but the uneasiness that had wound its way into his muscles didn't leave. "What's happened? Where's Ari?"

"Unconscious. They were attacked." Jai exhaled slowly, his voice deep and somber as he said, "Derek was killed."

Heartbreak for his friend sank into his very bones and he felt stiff and cold as he replied, "I'll be right there."

Charlie was barely in the door at Ari's when he noticed Jai giving him a funny look. His eyes bore into him and the air of intimidation that wafted off of the Jinn succeeded in making Charlie wish for an extra inch of height, even though he was already a little over six feet tall.

"You look different," Jai said, his eyes narrowed, a hint of mockery in them.

Feeling somewhat embarrassed by his new look, Charlie rubbed a hand over his shorn head and shrugged. He'd cut off his shaggy hair and it was now close-shaven like Jai's. The barber shop was next to the tattoo parlor in town and in a moment of utter over-confidence (when he thought his sorcerer powers would make themselves apparent at any moment) he'd had a tattoo inked around his right wrist. He self-consciously moved his hand from his hair to his wrist. "I was bored."

"What's the tat say?" Jai tilted his head to the side trying to get a better look.

Charlie straightened his shoulders, lifting his gaze to meet Jai's directly. "Justice, in Arabic."

For a moment, Jai's face was deadly serious and he appeared to be measuring Charlie carefully. Finally, after a moment of taut silence, Jai smirked at him. "Did you get the translation online?"

Bracing himself for a smart comment, Charlie shrugged, not wanting to feed him food for mockery.

"Let me see it. It might say 'I love my cat' or something."

"Whatever," Charlie growled back, but he held out his hand anyway. Jai grabbed it a little too roughly and Charlie cut him a dirty look. The Jinn was unmoved by Charlie's attempt at intimidation, he always was, and it was starting to rub him the wrong way. "Well?" he snapped.

Jai nodded. "It says justice. Luckily for you. You know you can't trust online translations."

"I'm not stupid, I checked it out on a number of sites."

Were they really talking about his tattoo when Ari's dad was... gone?

As if reading his thoughts Jai grew serious again. "Ari's upstairs with her uncle. She was still unconscious when he brought her here."

They stood together as Jai filled him in on what he imagined went down in Vickers' Woods and then what had happened afterwards. Shaking a little, Charlie walked slowly into the sitting room, his eyes catching on a photograph of Ari and Derek in their backyard playing softball. Charlie had taken the photograph years ago. Pain clawed at his chest and knocked the wind right out of him. Derek was gone. How the hell was Ari going to deal with that?

"So you were bored?" Jai asked, following him into the room.

Charlie nodded, glad for the distraction. "I thought I'd feel different, be able to do stuff, but so far, nothing."

The Jinn eyed him flatly. "Sorcerers generally need talismans to power their energy, natural metals and stones. Unless they're defending themselves... oh man." Jai sighed heavily, running a hand over his short hair. Charlie noted the guardian had a habit of doing that when he was in a situation he didn't want to be in. Which was a lot. "I suppose I better tell you what I just told Ari."

Leaning against one of the shelving units, his arms crossed over his chest, not wanting to sit down and lose advantage over the Jinn, Charlie listened as Jai explained how magic use had consequences; how, unless the Jinn were defending themselves or using specific abilities born to them, they had to pull objects from other places. It sounded a little like stealing and Charlie knew right away that Ari had not taken this news very well. He smiled evilly at the Jinn, hoping that for once he was in Ari's bad books. The relationship between Jai and Ari bothered Charlie. When Jai wasn't looking Charlie had caught Ari watching the Jinn with something he'd never seen in her eyes before and when Ari wasn't looking Charlie had caught Jai watching Ari with a look in his eyes that Charlie knew all too well. Jai could deny it until his face turned blue, but Charlie knew Jai had feelings for Ari. "Ari must be pretty pissed at you right about now."

"Right about now I think she's awakening to discover her dad is dead."

Cursing under his breath and feeling ashamed for the millionth time, Charlie shook his head. Thinking of Ari and how she'd handle losing her dad, Charlie sank into a chair and eyed the room. "I never really understood Derek," he admitted.

"Oh?"

He shrugged and looked over at Jai who had mirrored his actions, lowering himself to a chair. He looked genuinely interested, and Charlie wondered if the feelings Jai had for Ari were more than physical. "Derek always kept Ari at a distance. Even when we were kids. It was like he loved her but was afraid to, you know."

They were silent a moment, the pall in the air growing thicker as reality developed from words into the physical. Ari's dad was dead. She would feel all alone. But she wasn't. He wouldn't let that happen to her.

As if reading his thoughts, Jai's deep voice cut through the room, "Why did you do it, Charlie? The sorcerer wish. And who did it? Surely you know that whoever it was has an agenda all their own?"

"I'm not stupid. I realize that... that the Jinn who helped me will want something from me in return. But I finally have a chance to do something about what happened to Mike. I don't feel powerless anymore." Just tired of being questioned and eyed like I'm some kind of criminal.

"Revenge will get you killed."

"It might, yeah."

"No. It will."

Charlie frowned. Could Jai really find it dishonorable of him to want to avenge his little brother's murder? Unsure of Jai's opinion of him and unsure of how to reply, Charlie froze. Words hadn't even formed in Charlie's mind yet when flames crackled in the air and The Red King stepped out of the Peripatos. Was it weird that Charlie didn't even blink at that now?

"Ari is going to be OK," he told them, his usual relaxed demeanor gone and replaced by something tense and wary. "She should wake up soon." He looked at Jai. "Did you do what I asked?"

"Ari should get a call very soon."

Charlie frowned, feeling very much out of the loop. "About what?"

"Derek's body."

Oh right. Jai had told him he'd left him in his car where he'd be found at the side of the woods. The coroner would declare the death as caused by an aneurism. Charlie felt a little sick. Derek's death was being treated as something that needed to be tidied up nice and easy for Ari to deal with. It somehow dehumanized the man they were talking about.

"Who knows how Ari will react to this. We have to make sure she doesn't do anything foolish." The Red King had a determined blaze in his eyes that Charlie wouldn't want to mess with.

Anger churned in his gut as he looked Ari's uncle over and was reminded of his brother, Ari's father. "It was definitely The White King then?"

The Red King nodded. "He's trying to bait Ari into doing something that will land her trapped in Mount Qaf. He plans for her to take revenge against the Jinn who did this, possibly even attempt revenge against him. And if she does that she'll be forced to Mount Qaf to face trial and my brother will use that opportunity to try to get what he wants from her."

"So what now?" Jai asked quietly.

"Now I wait around for her to wake up," The Red King said. "I'll explain why an attempt to kill The White King is a bad thing. I just hope that this time the Seal is in the hands of someone who cares nothing for power and will not misuse it."

"It is," Charlie assured him finding his own voice twinned with Jai's as they replied in unison. They glanced at one another, their eyes narrowing warily like two opponents stepping into the ring.

5 - War Shivers in the Darkness... Waiting

"I wish I was a better father. I wish I was a better man. I wish I loved you the way that you deserve to be loved. I've been angry for years, Ari. And it wasn't until I discovered the truth about you and Sala that I realized how angry I am at your mother."

Dad, no.

Smoke rose all around him as he stared at her with anguished eyes.

The smell of burning flesh clogged her throat, hitting her gag reflex.

"I really do love you, kid. I guess I just never loved you enough."

No! His face flickered beneath the flames but he didn't cry out in pain. She did that for him.

He smiled a bittersweet smile even as the fire tore through him.

"I will never regret keeping you safe, even if I didn't know that's what I was doing."

DAD, NO!

Her eyes slammed open and then immediately shut themselves again at the bright glare of light in her bedroom. Taking a deep breath, sensing the presence of Jinn in her room, Ari fought her way through the nightmare to reality. What was she doing in bed? What had happened?

She had been in Vickers' Woods with her dad.

Where was her dad?

"Dad?" she pried her eyes open and felt her heart rate speed up at the sight of her uncle, The Red King, at the foot of her bed. He didn't give her his usual laid-back smile. Instead he stared at her stonily in the relentless silence.

Finally Ari let go of the breath she didn't even know she'd been holding and she pushed herself up into a sitting position. She was still in the clothes she'd been wearing when she'd chased her dad out to Vickers' Woods but the sky was darkening outside so some hours had passed since then. "What's going on?"

"Derek is dead."

The words didn't register at first. Ari blinked, her brain automatically trying to rearrange the sentence so it made sense. "What?" her lips felt numb all of sudden.

"Derek is dead. He was killed."

Derek is dead.

Ari shook her head, fumbling to push herself off the bed. She stumbled to her feet and shoved strength into her legs. She charged past her uncle and out of her room, racing down the hallway to her dad's bedroom. She pushed open the door and found it empty. That didn't mean anything. He was probably downstairs. Shaking now, Ari spun around to leave only to find the entrance blocked by The Red King.

"He's gone, Ari."

"No." She shook her head, anger making her eyes glitter with unshed tears. "You're lying."

Her uncle shook his head sadly. "The White King sent two Shaitans after you. One knocked you out in the woods and the other gave Derek a brain aneurism."

It was blunt. Harsh. It didn't make sense. Dad? The things he'd said. Blunt. Something had hit her. It hurt. She'd switched off. DAD! "I want to see him," her voice shook. "I want to see him."

"We put him back in his car. Someone will find him and the coroner will declare it natural causes. It'll be easier that way."

Natural causes?

Derek is dead.

The room spun and Ari fought to draw in oxygen. Everything. It had been for nothing. She hadn't saved him. Who had she been kidding? Derek is dead.

"I really do love you, kid. I guess I just never loved you enough."

"The White King?" she whispered hoarsely, hitting the floor with a painful thud when she miscalculated the space between her and the bed. She was vaguely aware of The Red King's strong hands wrapping around her upper arms as he lifted her easily, like plucking a daisy from the grass. He sat her down on the bed and took two careful steps backwards. Ari found herself focusing on those very blue eyes of his. "The White King?" Her father had done this? Deliberately?

Dad.

The pain exploded out of her in soul wrenching fury as she screamed, the wail turning to body jarring sobs. She couldn't feel her limbs. Everything was gone except for the agony in her heart and burning fire in her throat. There were distant sounds all around her. Hurried footsteps growing louder. Familiar male voices calling out in anxiety. And in among it all The Red King's voice was there, authoritative, flat, in control. After a long while her cries began to slow, to ease, to quiet, and she became aware of the soft fabric against her wet cheeks. Ari blinked, the world returning to her in painful gulps. She was lying on her dad's bed. It was dark outside now. Her swollen eyes looked over, following the Jinn presence she felt in the room. The Red King sat beside her on the bed, watching her. They were alone. Ari could have sworn Jai and Charlie had been in the room.

"Why?" she croaked, another tear slipping down her cheek.

Her dad was gone. Why?

The Red King reached over, brushing her hair from her face in a fatherly gesture that added another crack to her already broken heart. "My brother's plan was twofold. One, killing Derek was revenge for you outwitting him and two, if you seek vengeance for what he's done, if you kill the Jinn who did this, you will be forced to Mount Qaf to be tried in court. Once The White King has you in Mount Qaf he'd use that opportunity to manipulate you to his will."

Ari let that settle on her for a moment.

A moment was all it took for a small ember to flare into a rage. She sat bolt up, her body suddenly firing with energy. "I'm not going to kill the Shaitan that did this. I'm going to use my power against The White King. I'll stop him. I can command him to stop this." Ari was surprised but gratified to realize that the threat did not sound stupid or empty. It was real. After all, she was the Seal of Solomon.

The Red King's eyes darkened. "No."

"No." She glared at him. "What do you mean no? I thought you were on my side."

"I am. And if you command one of the Seven Kings of Jinn to your side, Azazil will see that as a threat and it won't matter what side I'm on, I won't be able to stop my father from doing all he can to destroy you."

"Then I'll command Azazil to back off."

The Red King threw her a condescending look. "In that book that Jai gave you... did it not tell you the full of extent of Azazil's importance?"

"What do you mean?" she asked warily.

"Azazil is the father of our kind, the first. The balance of order is contingent upon his existence; life, destiny, chaos, destruction are all bound to him. Even I, his son, do not know the depths of Azazil. All I know is that he is connected to all the realms in ways you cannot begin to imagine. He is known in many worlds, and in many cultures, and he has many names. The power of the Seal may be great enough to command him to his knees but nothing is powerful enough to deal with the consequences if a being connected to the balance of life itself falls in supplication to a teenage girl bent on revenge."

"Oh." Ari's heart pounded in her chest in realization. "No. That wasn't in Jai's book."

"I am sorry for your loss, Ari." The Red King sighed and Ari looked at him closely, searching for some sincerity. She thought she found it but after what Jai had told her, Ari wasn't sure she could trust this man.

"What am I supposed to do?" another tear scored her cheek as she gazed around her dad's room. "Where do I go from here?"

"My advice?"

"Yes?"

"You deal with your dad's funeral and we get you out of here. This is only the beginning. You can't sit idly by in this house and wait for my brother to come to you. We need to plan our next move. But you," he brushed another strand of hair off her face, "Have barely had time to process this."

The house phone rang just then, jolting Ari into reality. She glanced at the phone on her dad's bedside table and then looked back at The Red King. He nodded solemnly and sickening dread filled her as she reached over and picked up the receiver.

Even though she knew, even though she'd expected it, it was horrifying to listen to the police officer tell her that her dad was dead. She was given instructions to come to the morgue to verify that it was his body. She let the receiver drop and swallowed back vomit. It burned her throat and she waved a weak hand over the bedside cabinet, imagining one of the water bottles from her fridge. It appeared before her and she took a swig, thinking about what Jai had told her.

"You made Jai lie to me about the consequences of using my magic," she whispered.

"I did it to save your dad."

"You did save him." She swallowed down tears and looked back over at him and shrugged. "I didn't."

"You couldn't have stopped them, Ari."

"No, I could have. That's why they knocked me out."

"Then we'll work on some training. Jai can teach you to be more aware of your surroundings and teach you to use your defensive magic."

"Can he teach me to turn back time?"

"No," he answered softly.

Ari nodded, pulling herself up and onto her feet. She wobbled a bit. "Today my dad was honest with me for the first time in my life."

The Red King returned her gaze, waiting, offering a quiet kind of solace. God she wished she could trust him.

"I never really knew him." She shrugged, feeling brittle and irritable. Her skin felt dry and her bones felt sore, and every movement made her muscles scream. "How can I be in this much pain when I didn't even know him?"

"You knew what he allowed you to know, Ari. And you loved him. I don't know what happened out there between you before you were attacked, but whatever it was... it doesn't mean you aren't allowed to grieve."

Nodding, Ari headed towards the door and stopped when she saw Jai and Charlie waiting in the hallway. Charlie looked ready to launch himself across the hall at her but she didn't want to be touched right now.

"Jai, please accompany Ari to the county morgue," The Red King commanded softly.

"I'll go with her," Charlie offered.

No.

Okay. The Red King's voice echoed back in her head and she realized with a gentle start that that was the first time they'd spoken to one another telepathically. Ari had done it without thinking.

"No. I need Jai guarding her. You're back on full-time duty as of now, Mr. Bitar."

"Of course," the sound of Jai's gravelly voice felt soothing against Ari's agitated body.

Not able to meet Charlie's eyes, Ari walked past them and down the stairs. She saw her car keys in the bowl at the door. Jai must have brought her car back.

Derek is dead.

It knocked the breath right out of her and when she turned to wait on Jai, a tear slipped out before she could stop it. Jai's expression was pained as he took the last step off the staircase towards her. He stopped inches from her, much closer than he normally stood, so close she could smell that skin-tingling cologne he wore. When his hand came up to her cheek and she felt the gentle press of his thumb sweeping her tears away, Ari unconsciously leaned into his touch, no longer feeling brittle, no longer wanting space. She wanted to dive into Jai's arms and feel his heartbeat against her ear. She wanted to feel vital life wrapped around her in a moment when death seemed so much stronger.

"I'm sorry," he whispered, his fingers trailing down her cheek before his arm fell back to his side.

She nodded and looked over his shoulder to see Charlie watching them, his eyes bright with pain. That hurt. Ari offered him a wobbly smile. "I'll be back soon."

"Ari..." Charlie breathed and she knew he wanted to come to her.

"I know," she whispered. She should have let him. She should have let him enfold her in his arms and offer her the comfort she sought. But he wasn't the one she wanted the comfort from. He wouldn't ever be when Jai was standing so close.

Sick to her stomach, Ari turned and grabbed her keys, bracing herself for the horror ahead.

6 - Diamond-Sewn Solitude is Just a Richer Loneliness

Ari stood in Derek's bedroom trembling. Everything was taken care of. Jai and Charlie had been a great help. The funeral was tomorrow. She had picked out a suit for her dad and Charlie had taken it to the funeral home. Jai and Charlie had made all the arrangements and she'd signed where she needed to, signed the checks. Charlie had even picked out the casket because she was too distraught to do much of anything. The guys had even sat with her while a lawyer went over her dad's will. Everything was now hers and she was eighteen so... she was on her own. Her dad had bought an apartment in Philadelphia that she hadn't known about and it was in her name. For college she presumed. She'd have to put the house on the market and she'd have to sell that apartment too. She couldn't stay here even if she wasn't being hunted by a powerful Jinn King. Too many memories. Too much hurt.

Covered in grime and dust, Ari had attacked her dad's bedroom with blank energy. Everything was thrown into cardboard boxes, some for goodwill, some for the garbage, some she couldn't help but want to keep.

Even though a huge, guilty part of her was still furious with her dad.

And now this.

She glanced around at the work she'd done, the envelope in her hand crushing under her tense fingers. Jai, she telepathed to him and waited, listening to his footsteps climb the stairs immediately.

"What's wrong?" he asked quietly, stepping into the room.

Ari ached when she turned to look at him - so glad he was here for her but sad that she was growing more and more attached when she should be deliberately pushing him away. Sighing, trying to still her shaking hands, she held out the envelope she'd found in the drawer of her dad's bedside table.

"What's this?" Jai frowned, his lashes covering his vivid eyes as he looked down at the item in his hand.

"My 18th birthday present."

He tilted the envelope letting the keys fall out of it and into his palm. He held them up, questions in his eyes.

Heart hammering, Ari held up the piece of paper they had come with. "He bought me that apartment in Philadelphia for my birthday."

Sympathy softened Jai's features and he nodded, seeming unsure what to say. Finally he shrugged. "Would you like to check it out?"

"How?"

"I'll teach you to use the Peripatos."

Little nervous gremlins tickled Ari's stomach. "Now?"

"Yeah, now."

"OK."

"You have an item that connects you to the place you want to go, so that should help." He dropped the keys into her palm taking measures to make sure they didn't touch one another. Ari frowned. He was in love with someone else. She got that already!

"What now?"

"Give me the address?"

She handed him the slip of paper and he glanced at it quickly before giving it back to her. "OK. You have to really focus. Are you sure you're able to concentrate."

"I can do this," she assured him firmly, a little excited now at the thought of using her powers. "Just tell me how."

"Concentrate on the thought of that apartment, on the apartment that the keys in your hand open. Think of nothing else. Focus. Imagine taking a step into that apartment. Don't try to visualize what it looks like, just imagine taking a step into the apartment that the keys in your hand open. Got it?"

"Got it."

"Now, when you step into the Peripatos you'll see the flames around you, touching you, but they won't hurt you... they're a part of you, so don't panic and lose concentration."

And that was exactly what Ari did.

The flames flooded out of her, up and around her, and she panicked. All thought of the apartment disappeared as fear sluiced over her like water dousing the flames of the Peripatos. Ari frowned. She was still in Derek's bedroom looking at a patient Jai.

He smiled softly at her and it did what the flames hadn't. It melted her. "Don't panic this time. I'll be right behind you."

Taking a deep, shuddering breath Ari refocused. And this time when the flames exploded out of her she ignored them, the keys in her hand biting into her skin being the only anchor she needed. Wind rustled through her hair and the world blurred and swayed. It was dizzying, disorientating but also kind of exhilarating. The flames hissed and melted into nothing and Ari leaned against the nearest wall for support. Her legs were a little wobbly. Flames burst before her and Jai stepped out of the Peripatos with a casualness she envied.

"You OK?"

Ari exhaled, taking a moment to glance around the small but contemporary apartment she stood in. "From the Peripatos? Yes. This...?" she trailed off and took a few steps into the main room. It was open-plan with brick walls and plush, modern furniture. The kitchen was modern and luxurious and the sitting room had everything. There was a flat screen TV, sound system, computer desk and laptop in the corner. There were red bows wrapped around some of the items. Derek must have been planning to drive her to the city and surprise her with this. Jai waited quietly as she wandered down a narrow hall. A big bathroom, travertine tiling, massive showerhead, gold-plated taps. It was stunning. Just down the hall from it was one bedroom. Big. Walk in closet. Leather sleigh bed.

The apartment was gorgeous.

And lonely.

The anger that had been buried beneath her skin erupted. Ari wanted to tear her hair out or scream, throw something, beat someone up! She stomped down the hall, her eyes blazing, not caring that Jai took a step back in surprise, his mouth dropping open at the feral state of her.

"Ari?" he asked tentatively, holding a hand up in question.

"Do you see this place?" she snapped, gesturing around frantically.

"It's very nice," Jai answered slowly, his eyebrows drawing together in total confusion.

"It's a one -bedroom apartment, Jai. He bought me an apartment for my first year in college. He didn't even think! How was I supposed to make friends? He pushed me into applying to this stupid place and then thought I'd be happy living alone with no friends. What? Was I not allowed to experience the dorms or sorority or anything that involved human companionship?"

"Ari... it's OK..."

"No it's not," she hissed, angry tears spilling down her cheeks as she looked anywhere but at Jai. "He didn't know me. He thought I'd be happy alone like he was. He didn't even love me."

Jai clucked and took a wary step towards her. "That's not true. Your dad... he made mistakes... but he loved you."

"Not enough," she whispered, the memory of their conversation in the woods burning in the back of her throat. "He told me so before he was killed."

Jai stopped, his face clouding over. "What are you talking about?"

"At the woods. He told me he was selfish. That he kept me because I was part of Sala but that he shouldn't have done that. He admitted he was a crappy father." She paused, brushing a trembling hand across the granite breakfast bar. "Told me that he never loved me enough, that he wished he'd been able to love me the way I deserved." The tears stopped with the confession and a cold hardness settled inside her. "This apartment is testament to how little he knew me. How little he'd cared to know me."

She heard Jai shifting uncomfortably behind her and she turned to say something to lighten the mood only to be surprised to find he wasn't uncomfortable. He was furious. His hands were clenched into fists at his sides and his jaw was locked with what Ari guessed was determination to keep quiet. A rush of emotion crashed over her, knocking some of that brick hardness down. Jai may be in love with someone else but he was lying if he said he didn't care about her a little. This reaction was proof of that. "It's OK," she assured him. "I'm going to be OK."

He nodded, his eyes blazing. "You deserve better than that, Ari."

"Even after... even after everything he said... I still miss him."

And just like that Jai's anger shifted to understanding and before she knew what was happening he reached over and pulled her into an embrace. She stumbled against him and clutched tightly to him in surprise. She nuzzled against his hard chest, inhaling the familiar comforting scent of him. His embrace was just as she imagined it would be, his arms tight and strong around her. His heart beat reassuringly beneath her ear, albeit beating a little too fast. Ari felt safe and loved in his arms. He gave good hugs. She smiled a little, her arms wrapped snug around his waist, palms pressed to his strong back. Ari found herself wanting to dig her fingers into the muscle there and pull him closer. She managed to talk herself out of it. "You're allowed to miss him, Ari," Jai whispered into her ear and she tried to cover the shiver that rippled down her back at the feel of his lips next to her skin. "You're allowed to love him. Don't beat yourself up about it. Please."

She nodded, unable to speak for fear she'd burst into tears. Jai had a wonderful way of destroying all of her defenses.

"Good," he said gruffly, rubbing a large hand across the middle of her back in comfort before setting her back from him. She let go immediately, not wanting to appear like a teenager with a crush. Been there, done that.

With a quick glance at him from under her lashes she was disappointed to see his usual guardian, no-nonsense expression was back in place. She'd give anything to ruffle his feathers again like when they'd faced the Wind Demon in the New Mexico desert. Had that really only been days ago? When she'd been injured, Jai hadn't been able to hide his concern and Ari wasn't ashamed to admit that she'd lapped it up a little.

"Ready to head back?"

With one last glance around the apartment, Ari nodded sadly. "Let's go."

Focusing on home, Ari stepped into the Peripatos, a little more prepared now for the discombobulating ride back to Ohio. She wobbled unsteadily despite her preparation as she stepped back out into her sitting room. Sympathy cards littered the mantelpiece over the fire and trays of unwrapped food were spread out on the coffee table. Her answer machine was blinking with dozens of messages of support. It was such a depressing place to be.

The crackle of flames behind her barely registered with her. She was too busy staring at Charlie who was sitting on the sofa, his features angry and anxious.

"Where have you been?" Charlie snapped, glaring at Jai over her shoulder. He jumped up off the sofa and strode towards her, standing so close Ari had to tilt her chin up to meet his eyes. The warmth from his body touched her despite her inability to really feel changing temperature. She guessed she was just that attuned to Charlie's nearness.

Annoyed at her traitorous body, Ari pressed a hand to her head, feeling a headache coming on. "We went to the apartment my dad left me."

Charlie touched her arm. "You OK?"

She stepped away from him, trying not to be obvious. Charlie had been there for her these last few days; he'd been a great friend, and his mom had cooked her lots of food (as had many of her neighbors), so she didn't have to worry about eating, but she was still mad. Maybe even more so now. And yet... despite how mad she was at him, she didn't want to hurt him. Glancing down at the hand that touched her and was now falling dejectedly at his side, Ari's eyes narrowed on his wrist. A tattoo? Since when? Her eyes flew up to his face and suddenly she realized why he looked so different. He'd cut all of his amazing hair off. "You cut your hair."

He shrugged. "You noticed." He sounded hurt.

Immediately Ari felt bad and that pissed her off. She snapped, not thinking clearly as she said, "I've been kind of preoccupied."

Charlie blanched and Ari noted Jai taking a step towards him out of the corner of her eye. "I didn't mean... shit... I'm sorry."

She ignored his apology and sullenly eyed the tattoo she hadn't known about. Was she mad at him for making her feel bad or mad at him for getting a tattoo and not telling her about it? God she hoped not. She needed to get over that crap. "What's the tattoo say?"

The question caused him to suck in his breath and share a wary look with Jai. Ari glowered at them both. What was the big secret?

Finally Charlie sighed. "It means Justice in Arabic."

And just like that Ari didn't feel bad anymore. The anger came rushing back to the forefront and she glared at him. It would always be this way with him. Mike's death was going to pollute everything he ever did. With one last cutting look, Ari turned on her heel and headed for the stairs.

"Ari, wait!" Charlie called out to her not even bothering to hide his frustration and annoyance. "You've got to talk to me sometime!" he snapped.

She flipped him off without looking at him and stomped up the stairs.

It was Derek's funeral tomorrow.

Never enough. Ari fell onto her bed, tears seeping into her pillow. It was never enough...

...This wasn't her room Ari frowned, stepping across the black marble floor. The widest bed she'd ever seen was sitting in the middle of the room, brightly colored silks and velvets giving it a majestic Middle Eastern appearance. The room was huge, but surprisingly bare except for the bed. She noted a large doorway cut into burnished rock walls but no doors. It led onto a balcony that seemed to be balanced upon the dark starry night. It was a beautiful illusion.

Double doors burst open behind her and Ari took a step back watching the stunning dark-haired Jinn she remembered from before stride into the room. This time, the female was human-sized. Her hair whipped out behind her, the jewels on her forehead glittering in the low light. She wore a dress that fluttered and flowed around her body as if the fabric was made of water. Gold clips held the dress together at the shoulders and it was split into slits around her legs to allow ease of movement. Ari eyed the designs that were painted in attractive curls, winding up around the Jinn's slender legs in gold paint. She looked like an exotic queen.

"I will not apologize to him, brother!" she spat, and Ari's eyes followed her words over her shoulder to the male Jinn who trailed into the room behind her. His own dark hair was braided down his back and his handsome face was marred with a scowl, but no injuries this time.

"You must," his deep voice rumbled towards the female in warning. "You were impudent and spoiled."

She whirled on him, her dark eyes flashing with rage. "He refused to give me the deference I deserve!"

"You have not earned it," the male replied calmly.

"Have not earned it?" she gasped and candlelight in the room flickered with fear. "I have borne him gifts that no one else has!"

"You have lain with others. You speak to him like an ill-mannered child in front of our brethren and you expect when you should be grateful."

Tears spilled down her pretty cheeks now. "You take his side over mine?"

"He is our master. He has been good to us."

"He is selfish! He could give us more... I know he could. But he refuses."

"You would misuse it. He sees this."

"You have no faith in me, brother?"

The male Jinn smiled kindly and reached up to brush a tear from her cheek. "I have faith in your greed."

The female Jinn shrieked and Ari winced, pain bursting in her ears. The room dimmed and suddenly she was aware of softness beneath her. Realizing the pain hadn't been real, Ari sighed and peeled her eyes open. She'd been dreaming. Of those Jinn again.

Who were they?

Her alarm on her smartphone went off and Ari reached over, silencing it. Dull light pushed into the room through the window, trying to melt the shadows and having little luck. It looked like it might rain.

It was as if the sky was sharing it's sympathy with her.

Today was the funeral.

7 - When Blue Skies are Scorched are They Still the Same Skies?

The sky rolling in above her seemed to sense her agony, the change in her wrought by the pain. It felt Ari's mood, and like a chameleon blending into its surroundings, the sky doused itself in darkness, the bleakness of its clouds like scorched marshmallows melting in empathetic sorrow.

She'd lain in bed that morning for as long as she could, going over and over in her mind all that had changed: the truth from Charlie without him really realizing he'd given it to her, the truth from Jai, from her dad, his murder. And it was murder. She'd been pulled into the world of the Jinn without thought. None of it had seemed real, except perhaps for Jai, and then Derek had fallen into a coma and the surrealism had been washed away with teardrops. It had left a blur... no crisp and clear vision of reality. The fact that The White King had toyed with them patiently had lulled her into a false sense of being. She was prey. And it was only now she was realizing it. All of the truths had changed her. She could see clearly now.

Everything felt different.

Her life as she knew it was over.

It was time to outwit her hunter and not play into his hands like he expected.

Ari chanced a glance up at Charlie who stood pale and handsome in black, his features taut with anxiety, his dark eyes trying to communicate with her through the hush. She was shocked by what she saw now, by what she felt - as though she were staring at a stranger.

Everything was different now.

With her newfound clarity, Ari believed that for the first time she could see Charlie; could see what he had done and what he had become.

He wasn't the boy she'd loved.

More grief rippled over her as she looked away, her eyes blurring over the dark figures around her until they snagged upon a familiar blue pair of eyes. Rachel stared back at her, her eyes pleading with Ari. Her voice whispered through Ari's thoughts.

"You're in love with Charlie Creagh, sixteen year old cutie and all-around good guy. He's not there anymore. I'm sorry but he's gone."

Ari gulped. Rachel had been right. Why had it taken this for her to realize that Rachel had been right? Feeling ashamed of herself and for the way she'd treated the girl, Ari let her gaze drift away from her until it locked onto a figure in the distance. He was waiting for her next to a black SUV he'd conjured from his home in L.A.

Jai.

He'd lied to her too. She thought of the past few days. Everything that happened. All the things he'd withheld. What he'd omitted when he followed The Red King's orders to make her break the barrier between herself and her powers. The consequences. And then she thought about what he'd done for her. Like Charlie, Jai hadn't left her side. He'd given her quiet understanding, comfort, support. What did that mean? Could she trust him?

Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe she couldn't trust her uncle either.

Who could she trust then?

Yourself, an inner voice replied gently and Ari felt her spine straightening, a blaze of heat cutting through the bitter pain. This couldn't happen to her again. Not ever again. It was time to grow up. It was time to start relying on herself. It was time to stop fearing loneliness and embrace it as a friend, as a guard and protector.

After all... it looked like a long fight ahead.

That was it. The funeral was over. Derek was buried in the ground and only a handful of people had turned up. What a testament to his life. There was some work colleagues, some neighbors. Charlie's mom. Rachel, Staci and A.J., and all their parents. In a way, Ari was glad. If she had to murmur 'thank you for coming' one more time she was going to scream. And she was tired of the odd looks she was getting. Had they been expecting her to fall wailing on her father's coffin?

No. But maybe a few tears.

Well Ari couldn't give them tears. She'd already given them all to her dad days before and she wasn't all that into becoming a huge sobbing ball of mess for the sole purpose of assuring some people, that didn't really matter, that she was indeed affected by his death. Brittle and unapproachable was working just fine for her instead.

After telling another mourner that there wasn't going to be a wake, Ari turned away, blindly following Charlie towards Jai.

"Ari?" a soft voice asked, black patent shoes appearing before her in her downcast eye line.

An ugly knot formed in Ari's gut as she raised her eyes to find Rachel and Staci standing in front of her, tears glistening in Staci's eyes, A.J. standing a few feet behind them. Oh no. She didn't want to have to do this now. Ever, in fact.

She cleared her throat and for once was glad Charlie was standing so close. "Thanks for coming," her voice was flat and unemotional. With some effort Ari refrained from glancing around in paranoia, afraid The White King had spies watching her, waiting to see what people she treated with friendliness and affection. The people he could target next. Well she wouldn't give him that. She'd protect her friends even if they hated her for it.

Rachel frowned at her formalness. "Of course. We left messages on your answering machine. We even called around, but Charlie and that guy," Rachel pointed over at Jai, "Told us you weren't up to seeing anybody." Her eyes narrowed as she glanced once more at Jai. "Who is that guy, Ari?" Staci nudged her and Rachel blanched. "I'm sorry. Never mind. I'm... I'm also sorry about what happened at the hospital."

Ari shrugged. "Don't be."

"You must be so mad at the doctors for letting your dad out, for not catching the clot?"

"They didn't want Dad to leave. It was nobody's fault," she almost choked on the lie.

Staci took a tentative step forward, her cheeks pale. "Do you need anything?" her voice cracked on the last word and Ari had to force herself not to pull the girl into a hug. "Do you want us to come home with you?"

"Mom," Rachel nodded a head over her shoulder to where her parents were standing by their car, "said you're welcome to stay with us for as long as you want."

"Tell her that's very kind, but I'm OK. I'll be in touch." With that last lie Ari pulled away from them, gripping onto Charlie's hand and letting him lead her away. If he was surprised by her touching him, he didn't show it. Instead he threw a 'don't follow us' look over his shoulder at the girls and hustled Ari towards Jai. Ari felt sick. Really, really sick. She was afraid she was going to hurl on a gravestone. Rachel and Staci would never see her again. They'd assume she'd walked out of their lives with no explanation out of pure selfishness and they'd hate her for it.

"Ari," Charlie whispered, tightening his hold on her. "Breathe."

With a shudder, she sucked in crisp, metallic air and nodded wanly at Jai as they approached.

"Everything OK?" her guardian asked quietly.

"It will be," Charlie replied and he said it with such conviction Ari almost believed him.

Feeling better, Ari slipped her hand from his and got into the SUV. The guys followed suit, Jai driving.

The car was filled with a heavy silence as they drove back towards town. The Sandford Ridge cemetery was on the southern outskirts of town and instead of taking the main route back in, Jai decided to lose the other mourners and take the quiet highway running between Fairmont Woods and pull back into Sandford at the northwest end. The road stretched before them in dreary emptiness and Ari had to shake herself out of her morbid thoughts. She watched the woodlands pass them by and listened to Charlie squirm a little in his seat. She was making the guys uncomfortable, but she really couldn't care less right then.

"What the...?" Jai's quiet question brought her head up to the front windscreen. A few yards up ahead across the road, a thick fog had gathered and appeared to be moving towards them at a speed that seemed abnormal.

"What's going on?" Charlie asked, taking the question right out of Ari's mouth.

For some inexplicable reason her heart began to beat wildly in her chest. Something wasn't right. Her spidey senses were tingling. "Jai?"

And just like that a splutter, growl and creak brought the SUV to a stall. Jai cursed, unsnapping his seat belt as the fog flowed around the car that was now frozen in the middle of the highway like a sitting duck. "Stay here," he ordered and jumped out of the car before Ari could protest.

What was going on? Her eyes flew to Charlie but he was watching out front. She turned to see Jai walk around to the front of the car, his head cocked like he was listening for something. The waiting was making her heart go crazy and Ari was just about to shout out that he get back in the car when a pair of arms came out of nowhere and dragged Jai into the fog.

With a scream of panic stuck in her throat Ari shoved the car door open. Her fury propelled her outwards and she heard Charlie calling her back, the slam of his car door telling her he was now out in the blinding fog too. She couldn't see a thing. Everything was just white.

"JAI!" she shouted and whirled around at the sound of a boot on concrete.

Jai!

Ari, get back in the car! his voice yelled into her head and she could hear his anger and annoyance at her.

They're not Jinn. She'd know if they were; she'd feel them. What are they?

Human, he replied. I had one but they got away. I can't see a thing. Now get back in the car!

I can't. I can't see anything either!

I'm going to clear the fog. I'll ju- his voice cut off and Ari whirled around anxiously.

Jai? Jai!

No answer.

For a moment the thought of something happening to him threatened to bring her to her knees. It was just too much.

It is not too much. Fix this! They're only human!

What were humans doing coming after her? And the fog? She brushed a hand through it and felt a tingle of magic. Oh yeah, their attackers might be human but there was Jinn involved in this somewhere. The White King. She sneered, anger turning to determination. Jai told her the Cloak and her other defensive magic was her own, a part of her, like a shell was to a turtle, like skin was to a chameleon. There would be no consequences for defending herself. And the fog was a threat. Focusing on it, on the air, on the road around them, Ari imagined a swift wind pushing the fog north, thrashing its arms and legs into the fog like a child having a tantrum. Satisfaction slammed through her as the fog around her began to break up, tearing apart as it was bullied northwards.

Satisfaction left her as the road cleared. The SUV sat between her and Charlie. And in front of the SUV were six human men. They formed a line before them, strong, tall, and lethal looking. They looked like mercenaries. Slumped at one of their feet was a familiar figure. Ari's eyes washed over Jai, checking for injury. Why was he just sitting there looking dazed? A syringe in the attacker's hand caught her eye. "What did you do?" she demanded, taking a step towards him, violence in her words. It was to cover her fear. These men were human. She had no power over them. The Red King had been right. She needed to learn self-defense!

The guy shrugged, his muscles rippling with the movement. Jeez, all of them looked like they were on steroids. "I just injected him with a homegrown concoction that includes a heavy dose of harmal."

Ari shook her head in confusion. "Harmal?"

The guy snorted at her. "Wow, you really know nothing. Harmal is a Jinn repellant. The little concoction I've got doesn't repel... just incapacitates."

"Jai," Ari whispered and took another step towards him.

"Ari, stop," Charlie called to her and she turned to watch him shrugging out of his suit jacket, stony-faced. He was watching the human men without a hint of fear and suddenly he didn't look so much a teenager but a powerful man. Still, Ari was frightened for him. For them both. Without Jai they were toast.

She shook her head at him. "Charlie, don't..." do anything stupid.

Seeing the obvious aggression in Charlie's actions, the human guy nodded at his companions. "Get her. Make it quick."

The men immediately started towards her and Ari stumbled back, her brain blanking out on her as her heart took over, thudding and pounding her adrenaline around her body. Thankfully that adrenaline decided to save the day, and Ari felt her magic flood into her hands as she focused. She watched her palms glow a mesmerizing gold color and she pushed the energy outwards, using it to blast the men off their feet. Unused to using her powers for defense Ari miscalculated and only three of the guys were forced onto their backs. The other two merely stumbled and righted themselves quickly.

Needing back up, Ari jumped, feet first, letting her body slide along the bonnet of the SUV so she landed on her feet next to Charlie. He immediately shoved her behind him, ignoring her yelp of protest. The two guys rounded the car and Charlie moved to meet them. The taller of the two swung at him and Charlie ducked, throwing a forceful punch into the guy's gut just as the other man's foot swung towards Charlie's hand. Charlie raised his other hand and Ari saw the glow of magic in his palm. The man's foot pulsed against it and fell as if he'd hit a cushion with no give. Eyes almost as wide as Ari's, Charlie was distracted by his magic and unfortunately didn't miss the fist that flew into his face. He fell back a little and Ari ran at the guy, throwing a punch so that her magic connected with his face instead of her fist.

Catching on, Charlie got to his feet and cornered the other guy and together they pummeled the attackers with magical fisticuffs. But it wasn't long before the other three had recovered, and just when Ari thought she'd dealt with one guy, another was on her. It was possible her magic was stronger than Charlie's and that's why he appeared tired more quickly than her. It was as if he had to force the magic out. And perhaps that was why one of the guys was able to find a break in Charlie's defense, his huge knee connecting with Charlie's solar plexus. Distracted as Charlie fell to his knees, his face paling like he wanted to puke, Ari made a move towards him to help and didn't see the guy come up behind her. He punched her in the head and her vision cut out for a minute, like lights flickering off and on. She slumped, a sickening pain rushing down her neck and into her legs.

Something felt hard against her back and the lights flickered back on. Why was the sky in front of her?

Who is that? she wondered, feeling dazed as a smirking face appeared above her. The guy had dark eyes that glittered scornfully down at her. She felt hands pressing down on her thighs, inching her black dress up. "Master Dali cannot wait to meet you," he said as he squeezed her leg painfully. "I can see why."

The sky brightened above her and Ari broke free of a hold that had been pressing her arms into the ground, strength surging through her as if someone had injected her heart with adrenaline. The human dudes, Ari, they're attacking you! Ignoring the dull throbbing in her skull, Ari whipped an elbow up and cracked it cross the guy's face while he was still stunned. He cried out, grabbing his gushing nose and Ari pushed him with as much force as she could, channeling magic into it to help her knock him over. She scrambled over him trying to get to her feet and screamed in frustration as strong arms hauled her back, fingers biting bruises into her upper arms as her legs were dragged over one of the captors and back onto concrete.

"Give me the harmal!" a gruff voice shouted above her head.

No. She squirmed and concentrated her magic on the man behind him. She heard him wheeze as he struggled to breathe. She was syphoning all the oxygen out of the air around him. Would that have consequences? The worry over that made her fumble and her magic dissipated.

"Quick! She's trying to kill me!"

Charlie? Where was Charlie?

"Oh shit!

As if she'd conjured him, a leg swung above her head and the hands fell away from her arms. A strong, familiar hand wrapped around her and pulled her to her feet. She stumbled against Charlie's wide chest. He looked down at her, his face strained with worry and exhaustion. His eyebrow was cut and he was covered in sweat and dirt. "You OK?"

She shook her head. "I need to learn how to fight."

He glanced around at the bodies around them. "You did alright."

"Alright isn't good enough."

Relief washed through Ari at the sound of Jai's voice and she pulled away from Charlie to see Jai striding towards them. Four other bodies lay on the ground, including Jai's original attacker. "Are you OK?" she stumbled towards him on adrenaline-shaky legs.

His stern face stopped her in her tracks. "I'm fine. A little dizzy, but fine. Their concoction needs tweaking. There wasn't nearly enough strength in it to keep me placid for long." He looked around them. "I don't know what happened here but we've got to get back and call on The Red King. This was..."

"Weird?" Charlie offered, kicking aside one of the guy's legs. "These guys were human. What were they doing coming after Ari?"

"One of them said something." Ari peered down at the man whose nose she'd broken. Charlie must have rendered him unconscious too. Oh swell... didn't that make her feel useless. "He said, 'Master Dali can't wait to meet you.'"

Jai's face darkened. "I've never heard of him. But the Master part, the fog..."

"Jinn?"

"Oh definitely. Charlie, give me a hand to get these guys off the road."

Ari glowered as Charlie immediately bent to toss an unconscious guy over his shoulder, heading towards the thick woodland to dump him there. "Hey, I can help."

Striding by her with his own unconscious attacker, Jai pointed at the car. "Get in the car. I'm pissed at you for getting out of it in the first place."

Outrage lit through her. "Hey, I'm a big girl, I can make my own decisions."

"Get in the car, Ari!" Charlie yelled now, his own eyes glittering with anger.

Her mouth fell open, her cheeks blazing with indignation as the two men in her life stared at her, their expressions implacable. She made a 'pfft' sound and whirled around, stomping like a child towards the car. "Too much testosterone, infuriating cavemen, need someone else to boss around, stupid jerks..." she kept muttering insults under her breath until Charlie and Jai had cleared the road. Charlie jumped into the passenger seat as Jai pressed a hand to the bonnet of the SUV. The engine immediately started and he walked around, pulling the driver's door open, bristling with aggression. He was probably pissed because he let himself get incapacitated.

Neither of them said a word to one another. The drive back to the house was painful and Ari had to shake herself when she remembered she'd buried her dad today. It already felt like days ago. Time had been moving in a blurry mass of nothingness. Not anymore, Ari mused, thinking about her attackers and this new threat.

8 - Rain is Not Enough. I Want the Lightning

OK, so his father had been right about where the Seal was and about the guardian Jinn covering her ass. But he hadn't mentioned anything about the unpracticed sorcerer. Unless The Gleaming King didn't know anything about him. Dali sighed, shaking the liquid harmal concoction in its test tube. He leaned back in his office chair and fought the urge to smash the damn thing against the wall. He'd thought he'd gotten the Jinn poison just right. Instead of repelling it was supposed to drug them, numb their system so they couldn't move and couldn't think. But that Ginnaye had come out of the dose too quickly. Back to the drawing board. The phone on his desk sat too quietly, taunting him into deeper exasperation. As soon as his team had come back from their failed 'kidnap the Seal' mission he'd had his healer and scientist head back down into the labs to work over two human-living Jinn. Patience had never been Dali's forte and the thought of someone like Ari Johnson just walking around out there with all that power drove him nuts. He had to have her.

The White King seemed to believe that controlling Ari was the only way to have use of the Seal. His uncle had his own reasons for wanting the Seal and Dali had to wonder if it was more than what everyone else assumed. Yeah, yeah there was a 'war' going on and all but life for the Jinn Kings wasn't so bad. Surely The White King could see that. And to brutalize and manipulate his own daughter for a chance at using her power? Dali shook his head. He had to remember that not all of the kings were like his own father. His father was affectionate with him. Loving. Even when he was a bastard to everyone else. A Jinn King had to really want to have a child in order for one to be created. As far as Dali was aware, he had only a handful of half-brothers and sisters out there, none of whom he had ever met. But he knew The Gleaming King loved all his children, that's why he kept having them every century or so, and Dali had to believe his father would not punish him for what he was attempting to do. And if he succeeded, his father would be too afraid to question him.

Dali smiled at that, excitement rushing through his veins, the thirst for power tingling on his tongue. He touched a talisman around his neck and used the energy from the jet stone to conjure up a glass of water. Drinking it thirstily he wished it was Ari's blood. Blood with all that power. He felt a stirring of lust and slammed his fist down on his desk. What was taking so long down in that lab? He had to get Ari. He had to get her now.

Son! The Gleaming King's voice blasted into his head. I request your presence on Mount Qaf.

Many half-breed Jinn were not born with the ability to use telepathy. But as the son of a Jinn King, Dali was more powerful than most. Perhaps that's why he was so greedy for more. However, he'd always envied full-blooded Jinn like that damn Ginnaye who'd gummed up his kidnapping scheme, but there was one thing that Dali was glad of. Half-breeds were much harder to trace. That missing piece of energy within them meant they blended in with the human world so much more easily. It was hard enough finding a Jinn who didn't want to be found (unless they'd committed a crime against the Jinn laws) but finding someone like Dali?

Call it foresight, but Dali hadn't confided his latest base of operations to his father. And it seemed The Gleaming King had somehow found out what he'd been up to. He shrugged off the guilt of not responding to his father's request. When he had Ari, nothing else would matter. Not love. Not loyalty. Not guilt.

Only power.

9 - This Heart's Already Broken. Find Another.

They ran into the house, a buzz of vibrant energy around them from the very temporary enchantment Jai had placed around all three of them until they were 'safe' inside. As soon as the door slammed shut behind them, they all exhaled in relief, slumping against the nearest wall. Ari threw Jai a worried look as he leaned against the door, his eyes closed, his chest rising and falling fast with exertion. He looked so pale and exhausted from using so much magic.

Before she could ask him if he was OK, the hair on her nape rose as she sensed another Jinn presence. She spun around and was unsurprised and relieved to find The Red King standing in her sitting room. Eyeing the room, Ari fought off an inappropriate bubble of amusement. He'd cleaned again. Her uncle was such a neat freak.

"Hey." Ari nodded, still a little out of breath.

Her uncle frowned, his brilliant blue gaze moving from Ari to Jai to Charlie and then back to Jai. "I came to see how Ari was coping, but clearly something's happened. What's up?" he demanded of her guardian.

As if his tone had shot an extra surge of strength into him, Jai straightened and brushed past Ari (her shoulder tingled where they touched and she glowered) to stand before The Red King. "We were attacked by humans. Six of them. They wanted Ari."

"What?" Her uncle's eyes narrowed in confusion. He took a step back, his beautiful long red hair swaying with his movements. "Oh man this can't be happening. We have enough problems."

"We got a name," Jai told him. "They referred to their Master as Master Dali."

The Red King spun around so fast Ari was surprised he didn't give himself whiplash. He strode towards Jai, his steps aggressive, his face severe. "Are you sure?"

Jai glanced back at Ari. "That's what he said, right?"

Annoyance at how Charlie and Jai had spoken to her back at the scene of the attack still choked her. Considering what she'd been through today she would have thought the jackasses could have treated her with a little more sensitivity. "Oh, am I allowed to speak now?"

Her guardian's vivid green gaze darkened. "Ari," he said in warning.

"What did I miss?" Her uncle asked, furrowing his brow at her.

"Oh just me being treated like a child. On a day I could really do without it."

"I told you to stay in the car and you got out of the car. You disobeyed me," Jai snapped, frustration evident in every nuance of his body.

At his choice of words, Ari felt flames lick across her skin, her heart pounding hard against her ribcage. "Disobeyed you?"

"My job is to protect you. If you don't listen to me, I can't do my job."

"And what about him?" Ari yelled now, turning around to glare at Charlie. "Is that what you think too?"

Charlie held his hands up in defense. "I just wanted you in the car and out of danger."

She felt mollycoddled, useless, impotent, and something unfurled from within her. Something that didn't feel a part of her. It was dark and ugly and mad... and she couldn't hold it back. "Do I need to remind you who has the power here? What I'm capable of?" she asked, the voice pulling out of her not hers, not her words, not her intentions, not her own. As if watching from a distance, she turned around very slowly, eyeing them all, feeling the spark of her great power at her fingertips and glorying in it. Their eyes widened as she looked at them one by one, but it was the glimpse of horror in Jai's eyes that made her grab a hold of herself and shove herself back in control. She shuddered, feeling the darkness plunge back down to where it had unearthed from, her body feeling limp as she fell against the arm of her sofa.

"Ari?" Jai asked softly, taking a tentative step towards her. She felt Charlie at her back.

Ashamed and scared, Ari lifted her gaze. "I didn't mean that... I don't know..." she looked to her uncle for help.

His handsome face was dark with understanding. "The Seal," he whispered. "The magic within you is one of the most powerful things in all the realms, Ari. It isn't supposed to be within you so you're going to have to learn how to control it, to make it yours and not the other way around."

She nodded, still trembling with fear, and too wary of everyone to tell them that's not what it had felt like. It had felt like another being was within her, another voice, another personality pushing to get out. But maybe that's what the Seal was. Charlie squeezed her shoulder and Ari leaned into his touch for just a second, allowing it to reassure her. The weirdness, after all, had only lasted a second. She could control it. She had to believe she could control it.

"You were saying?" she shook her head, shoving the fear back deep down inside. "About this Dali guy? Do you know who he is?"

The Red King nodded briskly. "I have an idea. I need to check it out first. I'll be back soon, but for now I'm putting an enchantment around the house. It won't last long but it'll do until I come back with a plan."

"Thank you," Ari said, and she meant it. She might not trust her uncle fully, but he was the only one who seemed to know what he was doing, so he was her best shot.

"Oh." He took a step towards her. "Before I leave I should tell you that I've let the Ifrit return to help protect you."

"The Ifrit?" Jai frowned, crossing his arms over his chest in that way he did when he was annoyed by something.

A feeling of warmth flooded Ari and she smiled for the first time in days. "Ms. Maggie?" she asked hopefully. To have the comforting presence of her poltergeist back would be just the thing she needed right now. A piece of home.

Her uncle nodded, his eyes lightening a little at her obvious happiness. He shot a look at Jai. "The Ifrit cares about Ari. She'll protect her if you can't. However, for reasons unknown to me, the Ifrit prefers to remain within the Cloak. I see that as no problem since Ari can now sense the presence of Jinn when they're hiding in it. If you need privacy you'll sense Ms. Maggie there and you can ask her to leave."

"I'm not sure about this." Jai shook his head.

"Yeah." Charlie sighed, his breath tickling Ari's nape and she shivered. "The idea of some chick floating around here when we can't see her freaks me out."

"The decision isn't yours." The Red King shrugged. "If Ari wants her here, she stays."

Ari didn't even need to think about it. "I want her here." She genuinely did want Ms. Maggie there but seeing the exasperated looks on both Jai and Charlie's face was just icing on the top of the cake. Revenge for them acting so dominating.

Realizing he'd lost that battle, Jai turned to The Red King. "Before you go, you should know these guys had some new-fangled concoction to incapacitate Jinn. The main ingredient was harmal."

"A repellant?" her uncle frowned in confusion.

"Whatever they've done to it, it doesn't act as a repellant exactly. It made my whole body numb. I could hear and see what was going on but my brain and my body couldn't do anything about it. It didn't want to do anything about it. It was like I was drugged. They haven't quite got the poison right because it only lasted a few minutes but I'll bet their working on making it stronger. If that stuff gets out..."

The Jinn King growled at Jai's news. "I have much to do. I will be back soon." And with that he erupted into a rainbow of beautiful fire, disappearing into the Peripatos, leaving them behind in hushed silence.

As soon as he was gone Ari sensed the energy of another Jinn from above her. Ms. Maggie was in her room. The thought of how different life was now since the last time Ms. Maggie had lived with her caused a ripping pain across her chest and she pressed a hand there as if that could staunch the invisible bleed.

"You're telling me it doesn't bother you to have some invisible chick in this house?" Charlie asked softly.

"Stop saying chick," Ari replied irritably.

"Fine. I'll stop if you talk to me. In private."

Ari shot a look at Jai but he appeared indifferent. He walked away from them and sat down, pulling a book out of nowhere. She didn't even glance at the title, still too busy being annoyed with him. "I'm not apologizing," he said without looking up.

Mind reader, she growled.

Child.

Jerk.

He sighed inside her head. Was it not enough for you to break one rule today, Ari? Now another one. He lifted his eyes from the pages of his book and there was a softness in them she hadn't been expecting. I don't want to argue with you. Not today.

Then apologize.

I have nothing to apologize for. You disobeyed an order and you were almost kidnapped.

"Jesus Christ," Charlie snapped. "Will you two stop doing that creepy mind talk crap for just two seconds so Ari and I can talk?"

"That's up to Ari," Jai replied blandly, leaning casually back in his chair. His next words were anything but casual, "But maybe she's not up to talking, kid. It's been a rough day."

Before Charlie could fly at him for calling him 'kid', Ari placed a placating hand on Charlie's arm. "It's OK. We should talk." She turned, ignoring Jai the jerk, and headed upstairs.

As soon as she opened her bedroom door she sensed Ms. Maggie and smiled sadly. "Ms. Maggie. It's good to have you back."

Her computer chair squeaked and Ari looked at it, assuming that was Ms. Maggie's way of saying hello. Perhaps because she'd never felt so alone before and was still learning how to be alone, Ari had this sudden urge to throw herself into the Ifrit's invisible arms. Ms. Maggie could make herself corporeal when she wanted to. Would she do that to hug Ari?

You're getting weird and morbid, she scolded herself. Wanting to hug a ghost. It was like a tragic Dickens' story.

"I know you just got back, but could you give me and Charlie some privacy. We just need to have a quick talk."

Three seconds later the bedroom door shut behind them and Ari felt the Ifrit's energy disappear downstairs. She kind of liked the thought of Ms. Maggie mischievously watching Jai and he having no clue she was there. Sensing Jinn hidden within the Cloak was one of Ari's gifts. It came with being the Seal. As far as she knew other Jinn didn't have that ability.

Charlie was eyeing the closed door. He raised an eyebrow and turned to her, his face still covered with sweat-streaked grime from the fight. "And that doesn't freak you out?"

Ari shrugged. "Not really." It really didn't. It was comforting.

"OK." He shook his head and then looked at her. Really looked at her. Charlie's dark eyes instantly melted as they searched her face and Ari went to war with herself. Half of her tingled under his soulful appraisal and the other half was hardening against him. "Are you OK, Ari? After the funeral, the attack... everything?"

"I'm getting there."

"I didn't mean to yell at you earlier. I was just... worried about you."

She nodded, not really accepting his 'apology' but trying to understand. Seeing his expression fall at her coldness, Ari sighed. Why couldn't she be distant with him? Why, why, why? Feeling herself crumble a little she said, "I'm glad you were there. Having you there, with Rachel and Staci and everything, even with the fight... well I'm glad you were there." With each word she had spoken, Charlie had drawn closer. He had this look in his eyes that confused her, and when he moved to press a comforting kiss to her lips Ari dodged him, stepping back. The hardness came back but this time with a strength she hadn't even known she possessed. It crawled into her features like ice over still water.

Charlie blinked in confusion. "What just happened?"

"I think somewhere along the line you've assumed that you and I are..."

A look of astonishment crossed his face and he ran a hand over his now short hair. He made a little huffing noise of bemusement. "Aren't we?" He stopped at her expression. "I just wanted to make sure we weren't fighting anymore, but I didn't think that meant... we weren't..."

Ari shook her head, gripping tight to that icy calm, her hands slipping on its surface but she struggled to hold on nonetheless. She needed that icy calm. For the first time in her life she wanted to need it more than she needed the boy in front of her. "I love you, Charlie. I always will. But I don't want to be with you." She let those words sink in and then said softly, "Let's just stay friends, OK."

The hurt that darkened his eyes and made him suck in his breath was almost enough to make her let go of the ice. But the thought of what she'd lost, what her dad had said to her before he died played over in her mind and she held tight.

"Jesus, Ari," he exhaled and flopped down on the bed. "I don't understand... I thought... I thought you wanted this just as much as I do?"

She nodded, remembering the longing, the ache he had put in her chest. "I used to."

A terrible silence fell between them and when he looked up he had tears shimmering in his eyes.

Ari clenched her hands into fists. "The night of my eighteenth birthday I caught you screwing someone in my dad's bed."

Charlie's eyes widened with horror and he shifted, shaking his head. "Ari, I was out of it that night... it was Mike's anniversary, I was so messed up, I can't even... I am so sorry... I don't even remember-"

She held up a hand to silence him. "I didn't tell you to guilt trip you. I'm just..." she sighed. "I was hurt. It hurt a lot. But I didn't... react really. And Rachel accused me of not being in love with you."

"Was she right?" he asked hoarsely and Ari almost wanted to punch him for being so selfish as to be worried that she didn't care enough to be heartbroken over his drunken escapades.

"Yes and no. I didn't react. I didn't react because by then I was kind of numb to you hurting me."

The color leached from Charlie's face and he stood up, seeming not sure if he should reach for her. In the end he stopped inches from her, his eyes scanning her face as if desperately searching for something. Forgiveness? Ari inhaled the musky male scent that was all Charlie, his fragrance setting off sparks to her memories. To the pain of being in love with someone as selfishly messed up as he had been. Correction: as he was.

"How screwed up must I be, Charlie? To let someone hurt me over and over and not even see that what he was doing to me was wrong?"

"I told you I was trying to protect you, to keep you away from me. I didn't want you pulled under with me."

"But you didn't let me go!" she cried, all the frustration and sorrow bubbling out of her. "You pushed me away with one hand and pulled me back in with the other."

For a minute he looked like he might argue and then he shook his head, his expression desperate. "I... I know." He reached for her now, his hand trailing up her bare arm sending shivers cascading down her spine. "It was selfish and it was cruel. But I love you, Ari. I wanted to protect you but I was too selfish to let you go. I kept hoping one day I would be OK, that I'd be OK for you. I didn't want to wake up on that day and discover you were gone."

Those were words Ari had wanted to hear for two years.

And they were two years too late.

She stepped back out of his reach, hating that she could still want him when her mind had decided otherwise. "And now? What's your excuse now, Charlie? I told you I didn't want you to be a part of this twisted world and you strolled right up to it and handed your soul over to it!"

Now his face clouded over with anger and he crossed his arms over his chest, seeming taller somehow, more intimidating, unmoving. "That's nothing to do with us."

"It has everything to do with us! You know I didn't want this. I wanted out, but you tied yourself to it. If you really wanted me why would you tie yourself to a world I hate?"

"I-"

"Don't bother. I already know the answer." She shook her head, trying not to let the ice crack, to let the pain of his not loving her enough do any more damage. "You want your revenge more than you'll ever want me."

"That's not true." He shook his head furiously. "Not-" he cut off, his expression turning to determined but before Ari had a chance to react he snatched a strong hand out around the nape of her neck and pulled her roughly against him, his mouth claiming hers in a kiss so deep she literally felt her knees buckle. Disorientated and confused, Ari's body let his hard kiss pull her in and melt her insides. She clung to him, his heart pounding beneath her palm, the muscle of his strong bicep beneath her other. He tightened his grip on her when she unconsciously kissed him back, pressing her flush to his hard chest, one hand cradling her head, the other gripping her hip. He groaned as Ari's tongue flicked against his, responding to the ever deepening kiss. Every piece of her felt tight and overwhelmed, shaken and weak.

I'm not weak!

Ari made a startled noise as she realized what she was letting him do. Again! She shoved him back with all her might, her Jinn energy sparking in her fingertips, ready to use against him if need be.

Charlie staggered back, his chest rising and falling hard as he tried to catch his breath. "Don't tell me I don't want you."

Ari's eyes widened ever so slightly at the vehemence in his words but she shook her head determinedly. "I didn't say you didn't want me. I said you didn't want me more than you want revenge."

"You and it are two completely separate things. I don't even... you're making this more complicated than it needs to be."

"No. You did that for me when you became a sorcerer."

"So what... that means...?" He shook his head, anger etching back into his features along with panic. "You... we're really not...?"

Ari shook her head, her heart pounding as she gathered herself to voice something she couldn't take back; something she didn't want to take back. "I don't want to be with you, Charlie. I love you, but I think the boy I was in love with died a long time ago..."

"No." He shook his head. "You can't just switch it off."

"I'm not switching anything off. You've done too much damage to me." Her eyes filled with tears now as all her old insecurities flooded back at her, compounded now by her dad's last words. "I don't want to lose your friendship - I don't. I'm just saying that romantically - I could never trust you with my feelings."

The devastation on his face echoed into the harsh silence of the room. At least five tense and cold minutes passed before he nodded tightly at her. "Too much has happened to you. The Jinn. Your dad. And me - I'm not saying what you said isn't true. I'll have to live with that. I will give you all the space you need. And I will still be here as your friend as you go through all this crap." He took a deliberate step forward, his voice lowering to a husky purr that knotted her stomach, "But I'm not giving up. One day, maybe next week, maybe next year... maybe ten years from now... you'll be ready to let me in again. And I'll be waiting, Ari. I'll wait forever to make it right with you." He nodded once more and brushed past her, his touch making her shiver. Her bedroom door closed behind him and she was left in the dim, lonely silence, her heart pounding hard against her ribs.

I'll wait forever to make it right with you.

"Forever is an awfully long time."

10 - Loyalty's Betrayal

"Brother, what a splendid surprise." The Gleaming King smirked at Red as he approached the small dais.

The Red King glanced around the dark, small throne room with mock hauteur, knowing his condescension would annoy him. He eyed the half-naked dancing girls at his brother's feet and sneered. "I see your plebian tastes have not improved."

A whoosh of violent air rushed around The Red King as his brother flew from his throne to land noiselessly and inches from him. His brutal dark eyes bore into his and he felt a surge of excitement at the thought of fighting Gleaming - as he was called among his brothers. "Have you just come here to insult me, Red?" He spat, his muscles bulging in warning as he gripped his hands into readied fists.

"No, Brother. I came here to question you about your son's whereabouts."

Gleaming took a step back, his expression turning thoughtful. Which son? And why does he concern you? he telepathed for privacy.

Dali.

The Red King was not surprised when his brother's features softened at the mention of his son. In this realm and all the others, it was well known Gleaming was fond of only five people, and they were all his children. What has my brilliant boy been up to now?

Not fooled by his placid smile, The Red King crossed his arms over his chest and widened his stance. I think you know, he growled, the anger he felt over Ari's attack feeding into every word.

Gleaming shrugged. I may have told him about the Seal. I didn't know it was a secret.

Do you like making yourself sound like a fool?

Red... be careful. You are in my house now.

Your son has attacked the Seal.

Ah, Gleaming nodded, his eyes glittering with humor, I thought that was why he left here in such an excited rush. My boy thinks he can wield the Seal? Ha, he is splendid isn't he?

Fighting the impulse to eviscerate his brother, The Red King put his hands behind his back, missing the jeans he'd swapped for leather trousers when he entered Mount Qaf. He could have just slammed his hands into his jean's pockets instead of physically having to restrain them from wrapping around Gleaming's throat. This particular brother had always rubbed him the wrong way. All he had to do was smile and The Red King wanted to kill him. They'd had many fights in their younger years and The Red King was almost certain that Gleaming was the one who started interfering in days that were not his jurisdiction first.

Where is he?

I don't know. He won't answer my calls. He frowned now. That's not like him. You'll have a difficult time finding Dali; he's more powerful than even he knows, and like all half-breeds very elusive. He laughed. Little shit didn't give me his correct address. Doesn't even trust his own father. Could a father be any prouder than I?

The Red King rolled his eyes. You're so twisted.

Thank you. Gleaming chuckled at his expression. Oh please, you know all about twisted, Red. If I didn't know you for the cold, heartless, traitorous little bug you are, I would suspect you had grown fond of the Seal. Even if it were true you'd betray her in a second if Father told you to.

Cold violence settled over The Red King and his eyes blazed an unnatural color. He attempted to ignore Gleaming's chilling truths and decided to try and play on his loyalty. The White King will not be amused by Dali's pursuit of Ari.

It didn't receive the reaction he'd hoped. Instead of cowering at the thought, Gleaming shrugged. I cannot control my son just as White cannot control his daughter.

Realizing Gleaming would be unmoving in this, The Red King stepped back, leaving through the Peripatos without another word. Frustrated and knowing he should discuss this with his Father, The Red King stepped out of the Peripatos and into Azazil's private receiving rooms. He was surprised to find his father there instead of in the throne room. He was even more surprised to discover that Azazil had turned his cold but elegantly appointed sitting room into a dark dungeon of torture. Blinking against the low candlelight, The Red King gave a low bow to his father as he turned from towering over the human who looked so small next to the seven foot Sultan. In his large hand he gripped a blooded blade. Blood smeared his bare torso and dripped onto the silk of his tailored suit trousers. His long white hair had been tightly roped back into a braid so that it would not get in his way. By his side sat a towering instrument that looked a bit like a bird bath. Sniffing the air, The Red King knew it was hot tar. He only had to look at the small human strapped to a St. Andrews cross to know that it was hot tar. It had burned into the man's flesh, playing connect the dots with knife cuts and an assortment of abrasions. His face was pale and his eyelashes fluttered against the crest of his cheeks. He'd passed out from the pain. From the torture. The Red King wondered dispassionately what crime the human had committed.

"He killed a lesser Jinn," Azazil answered, his booming voice echoing around the transformed room. It was bare, the walls rock and dirt, and the floor being loose dirt beneath their feet. Dropping the knife on a bench that held an assortment of torture devices, Azazil strode towards his son. Not many people or Jinn towered over him, but even in his human form, Azazil was a giant. "The lesser Jinn was his neighbor. She killed his daughter for some minor infraction against her vegetable garden and so the human killed the Jinn in retaliation. This," he gestured behind him to the brutalized man, "Is my retaliation." When he turned back his smile was pure wickedness.

Confused and a little curious The Red King said, "You usually leave punishment of the tried to the Shaitans, Master."

"Yes, well, today I was bored."

"You're about to be un-bored, Father."

"Oh?" He grinned at him, a wet towel appearing in his hand from thin air. He wiped the towel over his torso, washing away the blood. "Has this anything to do with my Gleaming son's greedy little half-breed and my granddaughter?"

Too busy trying to maintain a bland expression to even think about commenting on the fact that his father referred to Gleaming's child as a half-breed and White's as his granddaughter, The Red King replied, "You know he is after her then?" without letting his disbelief, and yes anger, show.

"Perhaps."

"Well, what is to be done?"

"Nothing," Azazil growled, throwing the towel into the air and turning it to ash that glittered like tiny jet pieces in the low light. "Let it play out as it should."

"Do you know of this poison as well? This harmal concoction the sorcerer has procured?" From there he explained exactly what had happened to Jai.

Silence ensued once he was done, interrupted only by the whimpers of the awakening human on the cross. Finally, stroking his chin in thought, Azazil sighed. "It is part of the course. Do nothing. I do not harm family, you know that," he proclaimed silkily.

Well we all know that's a lie, The Red King thought bitterly before mentally berating himself. Now was not the time to be angry at his father. He worked for Azazil. He was loyal to Azazil and no one else. But then there was Ari...

"By do nothing, Master, can I assume you mean do nothing by my own hands?"

His father smirked at him knowingly. "You wish to aid her?"

Thinking it better to remain silent, The Red King let Azazil draw his own conclusion.

"Fine." Azazil waved an agitated and heavily jeweled hand at him. "However, I want a personal update." His eyes glittered dangerously. "We shall talk soon I think, Son."

11 - She Needs a Constant in those Ever-Changing Eyes

The sitting room seemed tiny, so tiny that there wasn't enough oxygen to go around. Jai shifted uncomfortably, wondering how he had managed to find himself in such a position. The tension between the three of them, especially between Charlie and Ari, was unbearable. Jai hadn't been able to help overhearing part of the discussion between the two of them upstairs because Ari had yelled a little.

So... she'd finally come to her senses. He couldn't help but feel relieved at that but on the other hand he was also worried. Jai eyed her surreptitiously as she picked at a loose thread on the cushion of the chair she was sitting on. Her features were tight and pale, her whole body tense. Her dad's death had changed her. What Derek had said to her before he died had changed her, and Jai found himself in the uncomfortable position of being angry at a dead man. Why did Derek have to tell her those things? Even if it was the truth, what purpose had there really been in being honest with Ari? Sure, Derek might have felt unburdened by it but he'd left Ari hurt and broken. She deserved better than that. And she deserved better than Charlie, which she finally seemed to have grasped.

In a twisted way Jai couldn't help wondering if the hurtful truth hadn't been exactly what Ari needed? Finally she was seeing how destructive Charlie's need for revenge was, and she saw that she would always play second string to that revenge. Whatever had happened upstairs between those two, Jai could only guess by the strain between them, that Ari had broken whatever romantic chord had held them together. He shouldn't be happy about that... but he was. Jai scowled, dropping his gaze. He was becoming too undisciplined for his own liking.

Didn't matter anyway, he flicked Ari another quick look. Ari was still mad at him for ordering her around. He felt that earlier mixture of fear and anger burn in his chest. Well he was mad too. She'd nearly given him a heart attack earlier. She could have been taken, those men could have done anything to her, and Jai would have just sat there under that intense drug not able to do anything but watch. It had been sickening. He'd felt impotent and his terror over losing Ari and how it would have been his fault had made him lash out a little. But he wouldn't take it back. She had to start learning to obey him in those situations or she'd get hurt. And if she got hurt... Jai clenched his hands into fists, his eyes lifting to her again for reassurance that she was there and in one piece. She was still wearing the black dress she'd worn to her father's funeral. It was a simple shift dress that came to mid-thigh but with her long, slender legs Ari still somehow managed to distract it from its purpose as a symbol of mourning. Or maybe just distract him. Jai mentally cursed himself even as his gaze lingered on those legs. His blood heated and he swallowed hard, fighting down the want churning low in his gut. She's only eighteen, she's only eighteen. Nah... that didn't help. She's the Seal, She's the Seal. Not that either.

I'll only hurt her.

And Ari has been hurt enough.

That did the trick. Glowering now, Jai lifted his gaze only for it to get caught in Charlie's. The inexperienced dick of a sorcerer was glaring at him. His eyes said, 'Don't even think about it'. And despite the fact that Jai had already talked himself out of thinking about it, he didn't take too kindly to be warned off by this little jerk. Brazening it out, Jai threw him a smirk that widened into a taunting grin when Charlie's whole body tensed as if ready to launch himself at him. Now the room was just brimming with mad.

A hiss and crackle brought all of their eyes up towards the fireplace. Flames burned the air and The Red King appeared among them. He stepped out, his huge presence dousing the anger in the air and replacing it with anxious expectation.

Jai stood to his feet. It was bad enough the guy was already a good four inches taller than him he didn't need to be sitting at his royal feet like a servant. "News, Your Highness?" He may not be a servant but he was still respectful.

The Red King nodded and looked down at Ari. "Dali is your cousin of sorts."

Feeling just as confused as Ari looked, Jai asked, "Cousin of sorts?"

"He's the half-breed son of The Gleaming King."

Ari's voice was soft and worn, "A sorcerer?"

"A powerful and very intelligent sorcerer." The Red King looked worried and that immediately set alarm bells ringing in Jai's head. "If he's after Ari he must believe he's discovered a way to harness the power of the Seal. Dali is a known dark sorcerer which means one of The Guilds must be hunting him."

"A Guild?" Ari queried.

"Remember? They were discussed in the book I gave you?" Jai tried to jog her memory. At the shake of her head he continued, "The Guild was created by The Gilder King. They hunt sorcerers and try to prevent evil against humans by Jinn hands. Like the Ginnaye, there are different tribes of The Guild all over the world."

"And one of those will be hunting Dali?"

The Red King nodded. "Yes. We just have to find out which one." He shot Jai a meaningful look and Jai felt the significance of it like a punch to the stomach.

Oh hell, no. Jai held in a groan and fought the urge to flee. "You want us to go to my father?" he felt sick just saying the words. Take Ari to meet his family? To see how he was treated? She'd lose all respect for him. Dammit. He couldn't stop his ferocious glare from burning into The Red King - to hell with the consequences.

However, the Jinn just stared pleasantly back at him. "Luca Bitar has many contacts including contacts among The Guilds. He should be able to help you." He looked at Ari now. "And to be honest I think it best if you leave Ohio before more idiotic Jinn find out about you. And before The White King realizes you have no intention of retaliating. Once he realizes that he'll try something new... or old. Say... like, killing someone else you care about."

Ari blanched at the thought. "If we leave, if we head to the Bitar's will he know?"

The Red King seemed to choose his words carefully. "There will be an enchantment put over you. It won't last long - a few days maybe - but it'll be enough to give you some breathing space. Jai should teach you and Charlie some self-defense in that time. Once Luca finds out where The Guild is you should go to them immediately. They'll hunt Dali down before he hunts you down. Oh, and just so you know, Luca, Nicki and Tarik have been warned that if they tell anyone what Ari is, the sentence is death." Exhaling, Ari's uncle stepped back, preparing for the Peripatos again, and as if he hadn't uttered something so terrifying and final he said calmly, "You need to work out the logistics of how you're getting to the Pacific Palisades. I'll let Luca know you're on your way."

He left and Jai stood there staring at the empty space in front of the fireplace. All of his insides felt knotted and this unbearable anger was lodged in the back of his throat. He felt powerless, and he hadn't felt that way about his family in a long, long time. Eyeing Ari he found his anger was directed towards her for making him care. Only the reminder that she had been through enough without him adding more crap to it kept him from bursting out into an aggressive argument with her for no good reason at all.

"We'll fly the old-fashioned way since Charlie can't use the Peripatos," Jai growled, not looking at either of them.

"Well, say it like it's my fault why don't you," Charlie grumbled.

Ignoring him instead of punching him, Jai waved a hand over an empty space on the floor and conjured a bag of Charlie's clothes from his bedroom. He then did the same for Ari. "You're all packed. Let's go."

He brushed past them, feeling their gaping stares on his back. He shook off a shiver, feeling vulnerable. Jai hated feeling vulnerable. "Hurry up," he snarled, pulling the front door open.

"What the hell is his problem?" he heard Charlie mutter behind him, the sound of bags being picked up the only thing cooling Jai's growing temper.

"Just leave him," Ari replied quietly and the understanding in her voice made him turn around and glare at her as she walked towards him. He didn't want her to understand. Why had he told her that stuff about his family? He was an idiot. Even worse, Ari didn't return his glare. Her eyes were soft on him as she passed him, heading for the SUV in the driveway.

Charlie nudged by him without a word, clearly taking Ari's advice to heart.

Ari's quiet understanding on a day when she'd just buried her dad made Jai feel like the biggest a**hole. The burn inside him cooled a little and he took a deep breath. It wasn't her fault his family was screwed up. Now was not the time to lose it. He wasn't fourteen anymore. He was a grown man. He needed to act like it. Feeling a little calmer, Jai pulled the house door shut and locked it magically. When he turned around Ari still hadn't gotten into the car. She was gazing at the house, her eyes glistening with tears. This might be the last time she ever saw it. Feeling even more of a tool, Jai walked slowly towards her. "Have you got everything you need from in there?"

She nodded slowly. "If I remember something I can just conjure it, right?"

"Right."

"And Ms. Maggie's already in the car."

"What?" Charlie squawked from inside the SUV, glancing around for the invisible Ifrit like he was trying to shake off a spider.

An unexpected chuckle was pulled out of Jai at Charlie's comical frantic freakout and he caught Ari's own reluctant smile.

"You don't mind Ms. Maggie tagging along, do you?"

It wasn't the greatest thing having a Jinn hiding around in the Cloak where he couldn't see her. When he'd first attempted to get into Ari's house using the Cloak himself, he'd stumbled into the invisible Ifrit. Both surprised to find another Jinn in the home, the Ifrit had begun screaming at him telepathically to get out. She was a shrew and she'd kept up a constant telepathic rant until he'd decided it best to wait outside until The Red King said it was alright to reveal himself to Ari. The Ifrit had seemed pretty protective of Ari and The Red King seemed certain of her, and despite Jai's curiosity over who the Ifrit was and why she was so attached to Ari, he'd let it slide since the Jinn female made Ari feel safe. "Not if you need her."

Their eyes caught and held and that connection, that hold, that pull twanged between them for a moment too long. Clearing his throat, Jai opened the passenger door for her, breaking their gaze. He thought he heard her sigh in disappointment as she slid into the car and Jai wished like hell Ari wasn't such an open book. This would be so much easier if she didn't care. And somehow, knowing she no longer wanted Charlie romantically, made it even harder to ignore whatever this was between them.

Psyching himself up, Jai jumped into the driver seat of the SUV. This was going to be interesting to say the least.

12 - A Bitter Bitar will Break Your Heart

It was impossible to believe all that had happened in a day. Had she really buried her dad only hours ago? Had she really been attacked by humans working for some dark sorcerer who was distantly related to her? Ari felt ripped apart. The plane ride to L.A. hadn't helped. After calling his mom to pawn her off with a lie about how Ari really needed him and they'd decided to go on a road trip together to get away for a while, Charlie had grown quiet and wouldn't even look at her. Ari didn't know if he felt bad about lying to Mrs. Creagh (Ari sure did), but there was really nothing his mom could do about them taking off since they were both eighteen. He promised his mom he'd check in with her, but by the look on his face when he got off the phone, Mrs. Creagh was quite rightly not happy. As for the other guy still left in Ari's life, Jai was obviously anxious about bringing Ari home to meet his family, and from what little he'd told her, she could understand that worry. His family treated him terribly. Too much had happened and now here she was standing on a black and white checkered entrance hall floor in a huge Spanish style mansion in the Palisades looking at an attractive man in his early fifties and wondering how the hell life had brought her here. The only comfort she had right now was the familiar hum of energy next to her that told her Ms. Maggie was right there beside her.

The home was modern and airy and if Ari was being honest, a little cold. There was this weird abstract painting of a woman hanging over the door and brittle potted plants with no flowers dotted here and there.

"Sir, this is Ari Johnson and her friend Charlie Creagh," Jai introduced them and Ari frowned at his demeanor. He was super efficient, stoic guy times a hundred all over again, like he had been when they'd first met. She found herself having to wipe the little snarl from her mouth when she nodded a greeting at Luca Bitar. She didn't like Luca on principal.

Luca nodded briskly back. "Good to meet you both. His Highness arrived hours ago to let me know you were on the way. I'm sorry about your adoptive father, Ms. Johnson."

Her usual response would have been to tell him to call her Ari. Instead she acknowledged his sympathies with a polite nod.

"And this is the sorcerer?" Luca now turned to Charlie, his eyes heavy with suspicion as they ran the length of him. Ari felt uneasiness settle into her stomach. She'd forgotten that the human-living Jinn, like the Ginnaye, believed all sorcerers to be dark. When Luca's eyes narrowed and Charlie's fists clenched at being looked upon in such a way, Ari felt her body moving towards Charlie to protect him.

To her and Charlie's surprise, Jai beat her to it. "Charlie is under my protection and guidance and is not to be harmed," Jai's voice boomed around the hall with authority and while she felt her insides melt at his proclamation (considering he and Charlie didn't like one another), Ari almost missed the glitter in Luca's eyes. That glint surprised her and she had to take a moment. Luca looked proud of Jai. Yes, proud. He cleared the expression from his handsome, rough-hewn face just as quickly as it had appeared but Ari was definitely not mistaken. She threw Jai a quizzical look. By the way his body bristled with tension she knew he hadn't seen the look in his father's eyes. Perhaps he was blind to the positive. Perhaps he misunderstood how Luca really felt about him. As Jai and Luca discussed what was happening and what they needed, Ari mused over this. Despite everything, she felt a need to fix this.

No, her inner voice snapped at her, telling her to mind her own business. She was looking for a distraction from the grief, and messing with Jai's family was not the way to go.

Footsteps echoed down the hallway bringing Ari out of her thoughts and quieting the discussion between Jai and Luca. A tall woman rounded the wide spiraling staircase and drew to a stop at Luca's side. She looked to be in early to mid-fifties and had masses of dark curling hair and was still very attractive. Her trim figure was wrapped in a tight denim shirt tucked into skinny jeans that looked painted on. Calf-length flat leather boots completed the outfit that screamed, 'I'm tough but I'm hot too'. There was arrogance in her eyes as she looked the trio over.

"This is my father's wife, Nicki Bitar," Jai introduced in a flat voice.

The woman didn't even look at Jai, and Ari felt her fists curl at her sides as she remembered what Jai had told her. What kind of woman could blame a baby for the actions of its parents?

Bitch.

Jai threw her a startled but amused look and Ari blanched realizing she'd telepathed that at him.

Sorry, she apologized quickly.

He smirked at her and looked back at his father. Don't be.

"The Seal and the Sorcerer," Nicki murmured, the soft Irish lilt at odds with her demeanor. "It sounds like a fantasy novel. Can it be trusted?" she sneered at Charlie before her assessing gaze landed on Ari. She looked her over thoroughly, seeming annoyed by what she found.

"Can you?" Ari snapped back and the woman's eyes widened.

Luca shot Nicki a quelling look and she made a huffing sound. "Fine. We must not upset The Red King's Importants, must we?" her saccharine voice set Ari on edge. "I've had the maids prepare three guest bedrooms on the third floor, east. You know where they are, boy." She made a vague gesture at Jai before turning on her heel and walking away.

Boy? She called Jai 'boy'? That now familiar ugliness built inside Ari, that little knot of blackness that seemed to detach itself from her, power crazy and reckless. Ari drew a deep breath, fighting it down. She could not use her powers against people unless it was a life or death situation. The Red King's explanation of the consequences had been enough to scare her out of even thinking about it. Except for in moments like these. Exhaling, Ari tried to relax, letting her gaze flicker back to Luca. He was watching her carefully and his eyes seemed to say he knew exactly what she'd been thinking. Instead of flushing with embarrassment like she would have done before, Ari glowered back at him, her eyes saying 'how dare you let her treat him like that'.

Having got the message, Luca cleared his throat and turned back to his son. "I've put feelers out with my contacts within The Guilds but they're a paranoid bunch. I hope to have word back within a day or two but they keep cross-checking with one another to make sure I am who I say I am and they are who they say they are and so forth and so on. In fact, a day or two is an optimistic timescale."

Jai nodded in understanding. "I appreciate your efforts anyway. I'll show Ms. Johnson and Charlie to their rooms. They need to rest after everything that's happened in the last twenty four hours. The Red King wishes them to learn some basic defense. Do I have permission to utilize the training room tomorrow?"

As Luca granted that permission, Ari gaped at Jai like he was an alien from outerspace. She threw Charlie an incredulous look and he shrugged as if to say, 'I've always thought the guy was weird'. Mutely, annoyance burning in her gut, Ari followed Jai as he led Charlie and her up the wide staircase. When they reached the third floor he turned left and headed towards the farthest end of the hallway. He stopped at a door and threw it open, revealing a good-sized double room. "Charlie, this is your room. All the rooms have an ensuite."

Stepping inside, Charlie glanced back at Ari and she squirmed a little at the look in his eyes. He hadn't lied when he said he was going to 'stick around'. His gaze was smoldering. "You going to be OK?"

"I'll be fine," she replied hoarsely, untangling her eyes from his as quickly as possible. She heard him sigh as he closed the door. Ari looked up at Jai who watched her carefully. He nodded at the door across the hall. "Mine?"

"Yeah."

She walked over to it slowly and then whirled around, unable to keep her annoyance at bay. "Ms. Johnson?"

Ignoring her, Jai began backing away. "I'll take you to the training room with Charlie tomorrow morning, so get some sleep."

"Ms. Johnson?" she asked again, her jaw clenched as she tried to work out whether she was angry or hurt.

"It's how a Ginnaye guardian refers to his or her client. No first names."

"You've been calling me Ari since we met," she argued.

He shrugged uncomfortably. "I'm just following protocol."

Ari wished she didn't understand, but she did. Like Charlie with his whole revenge quest, Jai was obsessed with pleasing his father. She sighed heavily, thinking about her own dad and all the things she kept to herself in an effort to make him love her more. Bitter tears burned her eyes and she shook her head. "He doesn't deserve your protocol." Leaving him a little stunned, Ari slid inside the guest bedroom and waited for the hum of Ms. Maggie's energy to follow her before she closed the door. She leaned back against it, trying to stem the flood of tears and grief that had been fighting through the numbness all day.

She heard the floor outside her room creak and stilled.

"Goodnight, Ari," Jai said quietly through the door.

The tears spilled over her lashes and she pressed her cheek against the wood. "Goodnight, Jai."

As she flopped into bed she felt guilty for the one thing she shouldn't have been worrying about today of all days.

Would she be forced to meet the woman Jai was in love with?

Ari stared at the leftover breakfast buffet, wondering if her stomach was stable enough to digest food. It felt like she hadn't eaten in days but she still felt shaky and sick inside with grief, even if she did look together on the outside.

"Here." Jai shoved a plate at her. "Eat."

Under his eagle eyes Ari put pancakes and some bacon onto her plate, drizzling maple syrup over the top. She grabbed a glass of orange juice and sat down at the large empty dining table. Jai sat beside her, his plate piled high with food.

"Luca leaves for the office early and when I'm around, Nicki does a disappearing act. As for my brothers, my father tells me they're all on assignment at the moment so hopefully we won't see much of them over the next few days."

"You don't get along with them either?" Ari asked before chewing on a piece of bacon.

Jai smirked at the thought. "They live to torment me. My friend Trey is more like a brother than those idiots."

Ari chewed on her breakfast, thinking that over. Trey seemed really important to Jai. She was intrigued by the one person who had Jai's respect and loyalty. "Will I get to meet Trey?"

"Probably."

"Morning," Charlie greeted them as he wandered slowly into the room, rubbing sleep from his eyes. He was wearing his rumpled Smashing Pumpkins t-shirt over a long shirt, and except for the short, close-shaven hair he looked more like himself again.

Ari felt a pang of something she didn't want to feel and looked back at her plate. "Morning," she replied.

"Dude, a maid showed me down here," Charlie gestured with a pastry at Jai as he selected food from the buffet. "No wonder you act the way you do when you grew up in a place like this." His words hung in the air as he piled his own plate high before sitting down beside Ari. As Charlie dug into his food he was completely oblivious to the venomous look Jai was shooting at him.

There was a warning growl in the back of Jai's throat as he demanded, "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

Charlie shrugged, waving a piece of bacon around. "I don't know. You're kind of detached." He stared at him now, his expression serious. "I thought it was something to be admired believe it or not, but seeing this place... how cold it is... nah, I don't think you chose to be the way you are."

Holding in her breath Ari waited for Jai to react to Charlie's insight. As she knew it would, her guardian's face darkened. "Here's a suggestion you might want to pay attention to. Try to forget everything you learned on Oprah and if you can't do that, at least refrain from regurgitating that crap at me. It spoils my appetite."

Charlie grunted but surprisingly didn't retaliate. Instead he dug into his breakfast and Ari ate slowly, tensely, waiting for the blowout to happen. It didn't. Perhaps they were trying to be on their best behavior because of everything Ari had been through. She'd like to think they were both that considerate. They made it through breakfast and were just clearing up when the door to small dining room opened and in walked a very good-looking and very tall guy grinning from ear-to-ear. His pale grey eyes sparkled as they washed over them all. He headed for Jai and engulfed him in a manly hug, thumping him on the back. "Good to see you," he said in a rich, deep voice. He turned around and Ari noted the tiny diamond earring winking in his ear just like Jai's.

Recognition lit through Ari and she smiled at him, a warm, real smile. The first she'd produced in days. "You must be Trey."

He grinned back at her as he walked slowly towards her. "Ari?"

She nodded and then gave a muffled laugh as she found herself swallowed in a tight hug. Trey pulled back and Ari flushed at his appraisal. He really was deplorably good-looking. Holding her at arm's length Trey whistled, running his eyes down the length of her before returning them to her face. "Sweetheart, you are gorgeous."

Ari blushed again and shoved him playfully. It was strange how comfortable she felt with this person and they'd only just met. Perhaps it was because she knew how good he'd been to Jai. She was grateful to him for that. "It's so nice to finally meet you."

"You too," he replied sincerely and turned around, sliding his arm along her shoulders as he checked out Charlie. "And this must be Sorcerer Boy."

Charlie held out a hand. "I prefer Charlie."

Trey shook it heartily and threw Jai a look, his eyebrow raised in a way that Ari recognized. She suddenly remembered Jai confiding in her that Trey was bisexual. Apparently he thought Charlie was hot. Stifling a laugh at Charlie's obliviousness, Ari looked up at Trey. "Are you joining us for the training session?"

"Training session?" he looked over at Jai.

Jai nodded. "You heard we were back, obviously. Did you hear why?"

Trey shook his head.

His pleasant expression disappeared as Jai told him how they'd been attacked by humans and had a dark sorcerer on their tails. Trey's face darkened as Jai finished and Ari suddenly realized that under Trey's charm and flippancy was a guardian Ginnaye just as protective as Jai. "You were lucky Charlie's power woke up or Ari would have been alone. What the hell kind of drug did they come up with?"

Charlie cleared his throat. "Not to change the subject or anything but any chance someone might show me how to tap into more of my power?"

"No," they all replied in unison.

Charlie glowered back at them. "You all suck."

"What we will teach you is how to be more aware of your surroundings and how to channel and control your defensive power." Jai strolled towards the door. "Let's go kiddies. Time to get your asses kicked."

13 - I Would Reach Through Time...

The comedy played on the small cinema screen in the movie room. Charlie and Trey were laughing raucously at the insane farce about a bunch of guys' bachelor party gone wrong in Las Vegas. Normally Ari would be rolling around on the floor laughing too, but she'd already seen the movie and she just wasn't in the mood. Training that day had gone well. She and Charlie had sparred with Jai and Trey and learned how to better control the kind of magic they' d used to fight off their human attackers. More importantly, they'd shown them how to create large air cushions so their attackers couldn't get so close to them, and how to use objects around them as weapons without losing focus on the attacker. They'd also shown them how to listen and study the energy and air around them for change, to see the warning in the stillness of a room before an attack came. While Jai was stern and focused, Trey was forever cracking jokes and distracting them. For some reason that didn't bother Jai. He just laughed right along with everyone else. Ari loved seeing him smile and decided Trey might possibly be the best person she'd ever met. Charlie liked him too. The two of them had a similar sense of humor and Charlie seemed relaxed for the first time in forever. There was no way she was telling Charlie that Trey was gay. Some guys could be weird about that, and while she'd like to think Charlie was more evolved than most, she wasn't going to chance spoiling the good time he was having making new friends. She eyed him carefully. He did look so much happier. This warmth and energy had seemed to appear all around him since they'd started using their magic. Something niggled her down deep inside as she thought about how much Charlie got off on using his power.

"You want a tour?" Jai's voice suddenly broke through her thoughts.

Ari blinked, looking over at where he was sprawled across an armchair. "Huh?"

He gestured at the screen and then eyed Charlie and Trey who were laughing again. "You don't seem into it?"

"I've seen this movie."

"So a tour then?"

"Of the house?"

Jai smirked. "No, of Mount Qaf," he replied sarcastically and Ari threw him a dirty look. "Yes, the house."

Alone time with Jai? "OK."

They told the guys where they were going and Ari ignored Charlie's gaze boring into her back as she left the room with Jai. They strolled quietly down the hallway, their footsteps echoing loudly around the tiled floor and walls. The whole place was so cold. Jai had just opened his mouth to speak when a tall figure appeared before them.

Ari came to a halt eyeing the man. Decked out in black slacks and a white shirt rolled up at the sleeves, he reminded Ari of someone, except for in the eyes. His eyes were cold. Ah Luca. Of course. She shifted her feet uncomfortably. This guy looked like Luca except younger, perhaps in his late twenties.

One of Jai's half-brothers?

"The spawn returns," the man bit out, his lip curling up in distaste as he eyed Jai.

"Hey," Ari snapped and took a step forward. Jai's hand immediately wrapped around her wrist, pulling her back.

Ari, don't, he telepathed and something in his voice pulled at her heartstrings.

"What's this?" the guy flicked a look at her. "Is this it? The Seal?"

Jai's hand tightened around her wrist. "You'll refer to her as Ms. Johnson, Tarik."

"Or what?"

Seriously, how immature is your family?

He's not even the worst. Wait until you meet David.

Looking forward to it. Not.

"What are you smiling at?" Tarik glowered at Jai. "You two telepathing? That's a little rude."

"Well you'd know all about that," Ari retorted.

Tarik's eyes grew even colder as he continued to stare at her as he spoke to Jai, "Got yourself a new bodyguard, boy? What? Trey finally seen the light?"

I hate to tell you this, Jai, but your half-brother is a loser.

At her words, Jai relaxed. She felt his grip loosen and he sidestepped Tarik, drawing her with him. "Why don't you go torture some kittens, Tarik."

"No sharp implements needed. Just talk," Ari added, as they walked away from him. "The sound of your voice oughta do the trick all by itself."

They strode out of the hallway and through an arched room into another room. Ari was barely aware of her surroundings she was too busy glowing from the sound of Jai's laughter. Finally he stopped and she stumbled to halt beside him. He looked down at her, his eyes warm, shaking his head. "You see how my family can reduce you to acting like a five year old."

Ari raised an eyebrow, pretending to look offended. "Moi? Immature. And here I thought my comeback witty and sophisticated."

He snorted. "Oh very." And then he eyed her carefully and Ari felt that familiar flush under her skin at his appraisal. "You don't have to defend me you know. I can handle myself."

At the unspoken reminder that he wasn't hers to defend Ari shrugged, finally looking around her. "So what's this place?" she asked, eyeing the paintings on the walls and the objects locked up in cabinets. The lighting was lower here, the floor, walls and even the ceiling was tiled with dark Moroccan mosaics. Heavy silk curtains draped around the unusual arches of the entrance and exit adding an exotic and alien feel to the place.

Thankfully dropping the subject, Jai took a turn around the room, slowly strolling past each item. Ari followed, her curious eyes drinking everything in. "This is my father's collectibles. Paintings. Ornaments. Items of worth. I used to come in here when I was kid because it was the one place my brothers found too boring to ever go near."

Fighting the urge to wrap her arms around him, Ari passed him to look more closely at a beautiful hourglass. The two pieces of blown glass were held together with an hourglass frame made of gold and precious stones. It was locked behind a glass cabinet. "What is that?" she breathed, feeling drawn to the piece.

"That," Jai replied, his breath on her neck as he stood close behind her, "Is very special. My grandfather paid a fortune for that."

"Why?"

"Well, first I need to tell you something about Azazil."

Ari twisted around to look at him warily. "Azazil?"

Green eyes glittering, Jai nodded. "Azazil has always taken an interest in the arts. He's watched over and directed the lives of Importants such as Euripides, Aristophanes and Chaucer. When Shakespeare was born, Azazil took a personal interest in his journey. Of course The War of the Flames was already in play so to spite his father, The White King got involved with Shakespeare's destiny when he shouldn't have. Lo and behold, the playwright contracted syphilis and died before his move to London where he would have fulfilled his destiny as one of the greatest playwrights that ever lived."

"Is this for real?"

"For real." Jai nodded and glanced back at the hourglass. "You know Azazil is powerful, Ari. You know we have no way of knowing how powerful exactly. But we do know Azazil is powerful enough to change the events of the past."

Her eyes widened as his meaning set in. Azazil could mess with time? Could change events? Was Jai serious?

"I'm not kidding," he replied. "There have been a few occasions where the Sultan has felt so strongly about a destiny that has been manipulated, that he's delved back into the past and righted the course of that Important's path."

"Just gone back in time? Just like that?"

"No. Not just like that. Legend tells us that Azazil becomes completely drained by the task. So weakened he's almost human. Think about it. He has to make sure that every other path connected to the one he's changed doesn't ripple into another Important's and change the course of theirs. Now, no one knows if Azazil can see the path a destiny is supposed to take or if he just knows when a destiny comes off its proper path. I think many would prefer to believe the latter because it means Azazil is less powerful. But whatever his ability, Azazil knew that Shakespeare was meant for more. So he changed the history The White King had created. When Jinn that powerful use that much energy on an Important, it leaves a mark. Shakespeare is among only a handful of Importants that Azazil left a mark on. Can you imagine the face of literature without Shakespeare's influence?"

"True but still... that's... insane."

Jai shrugged. "So is Azazil. Anyway, Azazil keeps these hourglasses as trophies, if you like, for each destiny he's re-written. Each glass contains sand from the alternate world he re-righted. It's believed the sand itself has magical properties. Shakespeare's hourglass was stolen from Azazil's palace and put on the black market."

Understanding dawned and Ari's eyes widened even more on the hourglass. "Are you saying this is it?"

Smirking, Jai nodded.

"But it must have cost a fortune and your dad just keeps it in a glass cabinet. What if someone tried to steal it?"

"He'd stop them." Jai pointed to the corner of the room and Ari followed his gaze to the long-necked red bottle sitting on top of a black oriental cabinet. An energy she'd presumed was Ms. Maggie's pulsed around the bottle. She was really going to have to learn to differentiate between different Jinn energies otherwise it might end up getting her killed.

"There's a Jinn in there?"

"Yeah. Teruze. Our tribe helped him out a while back but he's still in hiding. He protects treasure. In exchange for getting to hide out here, Teruze protects our treasure."

"Sweet deal," Ari breathed, her brain on information overload. Trying to hide how unnerved she was to be in a house where the Jinn world was so prevalent, Ari let her eyes wander over the paintings. Then the breath just sucked right out of her. Disbelieving her eyes, Ari stumbled away from Jai and came to a stop in front of the image, her neck cricked back as she looked up at it. "Who is that?" she asked softly, her eyes traveling over the semi-erotic painting of a beautiful woman with long dark hair. She was nak*d and she was crawling sensuously and animal-like along a male body that seemed pinned to the floor with invisible hands. His eyes were glazed with lust as he looked on the stunning figure draped across him, seeming to miss the dark violence in the female Jinn's gaze. And Ari knew it was a painting of a female Jinn. She just knew.

Jai cleared his throat coming to a stop beside her. "My dad put that up there as a reminder to never let your guard down."

Hearing the hoarseness in his voice, Ari tugged her gaze from the painting to look up at her guardian. His features were tight with some unnamed emotion. She had to stop herself from reaching for him, knowing he might not like that.

"It's a painting of the first succubus Jinn. Lilif. From where the succubus Jinn took their name. From where my mother took her name."

"I'm sorry," Ari whispered. "I didn't mean to bring up something painful I just... she looked familiar." She reminds me of a woman I've been dreaming about. A woman and her brother. About to tell Jai about the weird dreams Ari was halted by a throat clearing at the doorway. Turning around, they found Luca standing before them with an older man and a beautiful young woman. To their left stood a younger man with similar features to Tarik and Luca. Another brother? Ari's eyes drew back to the stunning woman. She looked a year or two older than Ari. They were of a similar height and both had dark hair but that was where the similarities ended. Whereas Ari's features were soft and full, the girls were sharp and elegant. Ari did not like the way she was looking at Jai.

Oh Holy Macaroons! Was this the girl? Was this the woman Jai was in love with?

Feeling sick, Ari dragged her gaze back to Luca. He smiled at her but she couldn't bring herself to return it. "Ms. Johnson this is Hugo Lenz and his daughter Yasmin. Hugo is one of my oldest friends."

Ari nodded at them, not sure what to say.

"Pleasure to meet you," Hugo replied and then he flicked a sneer at Jai. "I was surprised you got this assignment, boy. Don't mess it up."

"It's going fine," Luca said before Jai or Ari could reply. "I've had word back from one of my contacts. He thinks he's got it narrowed down to five Guilds. He's going to get back to me with better news as soon as possible."

"Thank you, Sir," Jai acknowledged.

"Ms. Johnson, this is my middle son, David." Luca gestured to the guy at his side. On closer inspection he looked more like Nicki than Luca. At his name Ari tensed, giving him a tight nod, not particularly liking the way his eyes roamed over her. She knew who he was. Jai had made odd comments here and there about this brother. 'Scumbag' came to mind when she looked at him. God Ari wanted to get Jai out of this place as soon as possible. No matter what he thought, he deserved so much better than these people.

Father and son spoke some more but Ari was barely listening. Avoiding David's disturbing gaze, her eyes stumbled back onto Yasmin whose own eyes were devouring Jai from head to toe. She looked like she knew him... intimately. Girls Charlie had screwed around with had looked at him exactly the same way. Oh hell. This was Jai's girlfriend. This sharp-eyed, glossy, guardian Jinn was Jai's one true love. Ari wanted to rip out all that silky hair and scratch her eyes out. Afraid to look at Jai but needing to, Ari slid him a tentatively appraising look. She relaxed a little when she saw he wasn't even looking at Yasmin... but did that really mean anything?

Luca bidding her goodnight brought Ari's concentration back to the conversation. She muttered a good night, watching Jai's father, David, Hugo and Yasmin saunter out of the room.

Jai nodded at the exit. "Come on, it's getting late, I'll show you to your room."

Stomach churning with the need to know the truth, Ari walked by Jai's side in tense silence. With everything that had happened to her in the last few days it felt ridiculous that her anxiety over meeting Jai's girlfriend had grown to such epic proportions. Knowing she couldn't go on like this, Ari whirled on him when they stopped outside her room. "Is Yasmin the girl you're in love with?"

Jai blinked, appearing totally surprised by her question and the suddenness of it. "Um... no." he shook his head, looking a little uncomfortable. "No she's not."

Wishing she was way cooler and ignoring the inner voice that pleaded with her to be cooler, Ari threw up her hands in exasperation. "Well who is? Who is this woman that you're in love with? Will I meet her?"

Dread settled into her bones as Jai stepped back from her. He couldn't meet her eyes and he was rubbing his hand over his short hair, the way he did when he didn't want to talk about something. "Ari, now is not the time for this."

"Jai?"

Sighing, he looked up at her. Their gazes locked, hers pleading, his enigmatic. Finally he shook his head. "There is no one. I lied."

Feeling punched in the gut, Ari's mouth dropped open. "What?" she managed, disbelieving. He'd lied to her about being involved with someone? Why would he do that? "Why?"

"I thought it was the best way to keep a proper distance between us. When you..."

"Came on to you," Ari supplied angrily.

"Ari," he threw her an unhappy look at her phrasing of the hard-to-forget and awkward moment he'd rejected her. "When you kissed me I realized you felt a certain way about me-"

"Just say it, Jai," Ari interrupted, drawing her arms across her chest as if would somehow shield her vulnerability. "I have feelings for you."

He couldn't look her in the eye and that just made her so mad! Crunching on that mad she waited as he finally met her gaze. "I don't feel that way," he whispered. "I didn't want to hurt you and encourage you when the truth is, you don't even know me."

"I think I know enough."

"Oh really?" his face darkened now and he took a threatening step towards her. "Did you know I had sex with Yasmin to get back at Hugo?"

Silence, thick and horrible and ugly, fell between them. Ari pinched the bridge of her nose, stunned and unsure of how to feel. "What?"

"I caught Nicki hav**g s*x with Hugo behind my dad's back." He shrugged unhappily and Ari noted the tension around the corners of his mouth. She was relieved to realize it was shame. "It wasn't honorable, it wasn't gentlemanly, but Yasmin had been throwing herself at me for months so I did it, as payback. She treats me like crap, Ari. They all do. I thought they deserved it. If Hugo ever found out his precious girl had been defiled by me he'd lose it. I guess that was reason enough for me to screw with her."

Eyes blazing Ari shoved him and he stumbled back, taking it. "Are you deliberately being crass?"

"I'm trying to show you who I am!"

Chest heaving with unexploded rage and hurt Ari shook her hands out to stop them from whacking him. "Did you care about her at all?"

"What would upset you more, Ari? That I did or I didn't?"

"Just answer the question!"

"No!" he yelled. "I could give a rat's ass about her. She thinks I'm scum and I think she's worthless. Does that make you feel better? No. Don't try to make me into someone I'm not," he hissed. "I don't do relationships, I don't do love. I do my job and I do it well."

Angry tears poked at the corners of her eyes and Ari fought to breathe, hating him and hating herself for feeling so much for him. She wanted to be numb! She'd promised herself she would be!

Seeing the tears Jai cursed and dragged a hand roughly over his face, looking exhausted. "Ari," he sighed. "You and I, we're friends OK. I don't want to hurt you. I'm just being honest."

Not able to say another word for fear of what those words might be, Ari silently slipped into her room, locking the door behind her. As soon as she was inside, the duvet on her bed turned down invitingly.

"Thanks, Ms. Maggie," she breathed gratefully, kicking off her shoes and diving into the comfort of the bed. Her insides were a mess now. She at once felt fury at Jai for treating anyone as callously as he'd treated Yasmin, but then she remembered how stuck up the young woman had seemed and how crummy Hugo had acted towards him. It didn't make what he did right. Ari didn't know what she was madder at... Jai denying there was anything between Ari and him because he was afraid of what his father would think or the fact that another girl knew what it was like to be with him. Or...

... relief that there was no other girl he was in love with.

"That's it, Ms. Maggie. I'm giving up on boys completely and concentrating on staying alive."

If only her heart would listen to such exquisite sense.

14 - Sometimes I'm not myself. I Don't Know Who I Like Better

Perhaps it was because of the restless sleep Ari had that night. She'd dreamed of the weird Jinn people again and still couldn't work out what that was all about. Was it just her imagination? Or was there something meaningful to these little dives she kept taking into another world where a beautiful brother and sister seemed at constant loggerheads? And the dreams had only come when Ari had finally fallen asleep. She'd lain in bed for hours before that, thinking about her dad, about Charlie and of course about Jai.

Perhaps it had happened because she was sleep deprived, stressed and cranky.

Ari needed some explanation for her behavior that morning. Behavior that was beginning to freak her out.

It happened as she headed down towards the training room. She finally had a lay of the land as it were within the large mansion and was striding casually from the breakfast room where she'd breakfasted alone (no surprise there considering Jai was probably avoiding her and Charlie was desperate to use his powers all the time and would already be in the training room - she'd bet money on it), her footsteps echoing off the cold floor and high ceilings. Her soft footsteps were joined by a quick skitter behind her. Ari's heart sped up and she turned, bracing herself just as Jai taught her. She relaxed at the sight of a border collie trotting towards her, his tongue hanging out of his mouth as he panted over to her. He was gorgeous. Ari smiled down at him. "Hey boy." She stroked a hand over his black head as he nudged his white muzzle into her side. Where had he come from? She hadn't seen him around the mansion before. "Where did you come from, boy?" Ari used both hands now to scrub his face affectionately.

All of sudden flames burst around the dog, their licks of fire like wisps of smoke on Ari's skin as she stumbled back, heart racing in shock. Out of the flames a figure appeared.

The dog wasn't a dog at all.

It was David.

"Ari Johnson," David said, a soft drawl in his words as his eyes swept over her greedily. Ari had the sudden urge to cross her arms over her chest to shield herself. "Well, well... look at you." He drew to a stop inches from her, trying to intimidate her. Ari refused to step back. "All alone. Finally."

"Yeah well, if you'll excuse me, I'm late for training." She turned to go and uneasiness choked her when his large hand snapped out and grabbed her upper arm.

"Now, now, what's the hurry?" he grinned. "You know, if Jai had turned down this assignment I was going to be your guardian."

She let how distasteful she found that show on her face and David's eyes narrowed.

"You're a little ill-mannered you know that." He pushed her now and she stumbled back into the wall in surprise, unable to believe that this jerk was actually accosting her. He pressed up against her before she could move, the smell of coffee on his breath turning her stomach.

"What is your problem?" Ari hissed, eyes wide with disbelief. She pushed against him but he wouldn't budge. "Are you kidding me? You're actually coming on to a Bitar client under your father's roof?"

She saw a flicker of something in David's eyes but it didn't stop him from sliding a hand down onto her hip, his other hand stroking her cheek. Ari turned and bit at him which only made him laugh. "You're not just any client, Ari. You're something else. An Important. Why? What makes you so special? My parents won't tell me."

"If you don't get off me, I'm going to kick your ass."

"Try me." he squeezed her hip harder.

Fear began to coalesce within her and Ari tried to glance around to see if anyone was about but the hallway was deathly quiet. She couldn't even feel the hum of Ms. Maggie's energy. Crap, just when she needed the damn Ifrit to smack this idiot upside the head with a vase. She pushed again but he just pressed harder against her, his nose now trailing along her neck. Ari shivered, terrified. He wouldn't try to do anything, right? Not here?

"You know," David whispered in her ear. "There are rumors going around that Jai has an unhealthy interest in you."

There are? Her heart leapt at the thought.

"I think I might finally win a round with him if I took something he clearly wants for himself." His hand disappeared under Ari's shorts and her blood instantly ran cold as she stilled.

The sticky, thick blackness spread across her lungs making it difficult to breathe, but as the ugliness ripped itself apart from her, leaving Ari floating out of her body as if she were merely a spectator, she didn't much care that breathing was difficult. It was happening again. The voice that rumbled out of her was deeper, darker and much more frightening than she could ever be. "I command you to release me."

David instantly let go of her and stepped back, his eyes wide and afraid.

Ari grinned evilly at him. "You will never touch me again," she commanded. "Nor any other woman without her permission."

"I will never touch you again, nor any other woman without her permission," he repeated, dumbfounded. He flexed his fists as if checking he was still in control of his own body.

Task done, the anger that had unleashed the darkness began to ease and Ari fought to snap back in control of herself. Her frantic breaths filled the hallway and furious tears glistened in her eyes. She'd just used the power of the Seal against a nobody. Oh god, oh god, oh god.

Think, Ari, think!

Shuddering, Ari wrapped her arms around herself and glared at the piece of scum who had forced her to do something she was ashamed of. "I command you to never tell anyone I commanded you at all. I command you to keep this encounter with me to yourself." Her voice was her own but it shook with the demand.

David nodded, his jaw clenched in fury now too. "I understand."

And just for good measure... "I command you to never question anyone about whom and what I am."

If it was possible his face turned purple with frustration and anger. "Understood."

Warily, Ari stepped around him, her eyes glued to him as she backed off. Feeling cold for the first time, she whirled around and began to run to the training room.

She was still shaking as if the world were trembling under her feet when she reached the doorway to the room and saw Jai, Trey and Charlie inside talking. The sight of them forced Ari to calm down. She had to pretend that she hadn't just commanded a Jinn against his will (even though he had been trying to make her do something against her will). And no matter what was or wasn't between her and Jai, she knew he'd go crazy if he found out David had just tried to intimidate her physically. As she stood there watching the three of them, Ari realized that despite their faults they all had something that was honorable about them. Maybe it was having been brought up in a small town that made it so difficult to compute that a guy she had met only once and hadn't even exchanged words with had just tried to molest her? Feeling her stomach flip, Ari grew angry at herself for not having reacted faster before the ugly power of the Seal had taken over for her. She drew in another shuddering breath. She had to act cool or the guys would know something was up. She was supposed to be upset with Jai anyway after last night, right? And she and Charlie were still on unstable ground. That left Trey, who didn't know her well enough to know when something was seriously up with her.

The guys all turned at the sound of her approach and she gave them a vague, uncomfortable nod. "Did you start without me?"

"No," Jai replied, his eyes surprisingly searching considering what had went down between them the night before. Ari gulped when his eyes narrowed. Damn. He saw too much. "You OK?"

"I'm fine," she brushed him off coldly and hoped he'd think it had to do with last night. "Can I spar with Trey today?"

Trey grinned at her. "Of course you can, sweetheart." He winked at her flirtatiously and it amazed Ari how one guy's flirting could be harmless whereas another's could be so sleazy. She shivered again, and this time Trey frowned. "Sure you're OK?"

"Ari?" Charlie asked now, eyeing her carefully. "You look pale."

Feeling like a nervous filly about to take flight, Ari glanced from one to the other. She needed girlfriends. She was so sick of being outnumbered. Turning the tables on them, Ari shrugged. "I didn't sleep well." She glared at Charlie and then Jai and they both blanched, assuming they were to blame for her sleeplessness. "Trey?"

He nodded, looking a little confused. "This way, Mademoiselle." His tall, athletic body took off in front of her, heading towards a large mat in the back of the room. Ari followed, ignoring Charlie and Jai.

Sparring with Trey eventually relaxed Ari until she no longer felt guilty about what she'd done to David. She'd made sure no one would ever find out about what she'd done and a tiny part of her believed that he'd deserved that loss of control. A tiny part of her wished she could take credit for being such a badass.

So lost in thought Ari let her guard down and Trey swept a leg out across her shins, knocking her off her feet. She slammed on to her back with a silent 'oomph'. Too busy trying to suck in the breath that had been knocked out of her, Ari was oblivious to Trey's playfulness until he was straddling her, holding her pinned to the mat. He was a strong, exciting weight on her and Ari flushed, a breathless giggle falling from her lips as he growled at her.

"What are you doing?" she squirmed, sure her face was beet red from being held down by one of the nicest and most gorgeous guys she'd ever had the good fortune of meeting.

"Attacking you." Trey wiggled his eyebrows comically like a master villain. "Isn't that the whole point of this exercise?"

"And what am I supposed to do?"

"Uh, get me off of you. Isn't that the whole point of your exercise?"

Charmed, Ari relaxed completely. "Maybe I don't want to."

Trey's grin couldn't get any wider. "Are you flirting with me?"

"Maybe."

His head dipped closer to her face and Ari lost her breath again, eyes caught in his steel grey ones. "While I would love to take you up on the flirting," he squeezed her wrists to demonstrate his sincerity, "I think it might end up getting me killed."

Ari felt a little disorientated from the warm weight of his legs across hers and his strong body perched so tantalizingly near. She'd been thinking how great it would be to want someone as easygoing as Trey, instead of loving someone as hardheaded as Jai. "What?"

Trey grinned again and raised his head to look across the room. Whatever he saw made him chuckle and he bent down to whisper in Ari's ear, "Jai would kill me. Don't give up on him, Ari." He sat back up, smiling at the obvious confusion in her eyes. "So, I get that Charlie is in love with you and everything but do you think he might be bi?" he asked hopefully.

Startled by his complete change of subject, Ari could only shake her head.

"Bummer." Trey looked genuinely disappointed. "He's got that whole moody, damaged thing going on. It's hot."

"What's going on?" Jai's deep voice rumbled above them and Ari flinched, catching sight of his angry upside down face.

"Nothing," Trey replied easily, letting go of Ari and helping her to her feet. She swayed a little. "Just sparring."

Jai gave him a stony look and Ari ignored the annoyance in her chest as Charlie approached wearing the exact same expression. She blew an exasperated breath of air out at them. "We were just messing around." And then just to be contrary Ari shared a secret smile with Trey hoping it would irritate the hell out of her best friend and guardian.

No matter that Jai knew what Trey was up to he still wanted to kill him. He walked away from Ari, Charlie following in his wake, and the two of them begun to spar a little harder, punching their anger into the magic. When he'd turned around to see what had distracted Charlie he had not been expecting the rush of pure molten jealousy that had cascaded over him. The sight of his best friend straddling Ari, of her grinning flirtatiously back up at him, had stuck him in the gut like a knife. It had winded him.

It had hurt.

Shit.

As soon as he saw the look in Trey's eyes when he approached, Jai had known that Trey was deliberately trying to provoke him. And Ari... grinning back at Trey like she'd have welcomed his attentions. Jai realized that perhaps for the first time he and Charlie were feeling the exact same way. Not sure who he was madder at, himself or Trey, Jai put his all into the sparring and was genuinely pleased to see Charlie defending himself so well. Sparks of kindled magic and the glow of ember lit the air as they dodged and attacked. Charlie was a quick learner.

He shot a quick glance out of the corner of his eye to see what Ari was getting up to with Trey and was relieved to see they were sparring like normal. She was so pissed at him. And rightly so. Hell, he regretted telling Ari about Yasmin. It wasn't that he wanted to be with Ari - he couldn't be with her, it would cost him too much - but the thought of her thinking less of him really killed him. What the hell had he been thinking to blurt all that stuff out? What an idiot.

Charlie's punch connecting with his gut dragged Jai's attention back to where it ought to be. As they fought on, Jai watched as Charlie grew lighter on his feet, his eyes blazing with excitement. For the most part he'd seemed happier these last two days than Jai had ever seen him, and unfortunately he thought he knew why that was. Stopping abruptly, Jai held a hand up to ward Charlie off. He squinted at him and sighed. "You sure you've got your magic under control, Charlie. You're not... I don't know... thirsty for more?"

At his question the excitement dimmed in Charlie's eyes and he scrubbed at the short hair he was clearly unused to. "I don't need more or anything. But I would like to know about the talismans. About how to use them?"

"That's not even up for discussion." Jai shook his head, worried and wondering how he could explain to Charlie that the magic could warp him, change him. It didn't seem to be sinking in so far. "Listen-"

"Jai!" his father's voice boomed around the room as he marched into the training room, thankfully alone this time. Luca nodded at Ari and Trey as he headed towards Jai. Trey gestured to Ari to follow the Ginnaye leader. Jai snorted. His friend was such a nosy bastard. Surprisingly, Luca waited until all of them were clustered together before he spoke. "No word on The Guild yet," he said and Jai felt his stomach sink. He'd really been hoping to get Ari the hell out of his father's house as soon as possible. "However," Luca eyed Jai carefully, "I have a client looking for one night security. A British actress is in L.A. and she's been having difficulty... some death threats have been made against her. Now she and her boyfriend are only here for a few nights and tonight they'd like to go to a club without an entire security detail. I suggested I could provide a male and female security officer to go undercover as another couple with them as their security. It gives them security without it feeling like security, you know. Anyway, they liked the idea, but I have a problem."

Yeah, Jai didn't like where this was going.

"All my guardian's young enough to pull this off are on assignment. If you take the job I will make sure Ari is protected here tonight. Yasmin is already good to go. I'd consider it a favor," Luca said with an astonishing amount of politeness.

The thought of being with Yasmin set Jai's teeth on edge and he didn't miss the way Ari's face clouded over at the mention of the Ginnaye. However, his father rarely asked him nicely for anything. "Fine, I'll do it."

Trey took an apologetic step forward. "Dude, I'd do it but I have a case tonight. But... uh, hey," he glanced at Ari and Jai tensed at the mischievous glitter in his friend's eyes, "I think you should take Ari instead. She's come along great in these sessions and uh, I think this would be good defense practice for her."

"You, uh, think too much," Jai snapped back at him.

"No, now wait." Luca was nodding along making Jai's eyes narrow. "Would you be up for it, Ms. Johnson?"

Don't even think about saying yes, Jai telepathed and then cursed himself for a dumbass when her eyes flashed defiantly at him.

"Sure." She smiled at Luca. "I'd be happy to."

Jai glared at her. "No way."

"Ari's more powerful than Yasmin," Trey argued, seriously asking for Jai's fist to meet his face. "Give her a chance to prove that to not only you, but to herself. I think she needs to know she can take care of herself, man."

"And if the Jinn come after her? The White King?"

"No one knows she's here. And I doubt anyone will be expecting her to go to an L.A. club."

Charlie was the only one who seemed unsure of the idea, but with three against him and one of them his own damn father, Jai sighed. "Fine."

"You're not serious are you?" Charlie spun on him, his dark eyes blazing. "She could get killed."

"Don't be so dramatic, Charlie," Ari shooed him off and Jai almost felt bad for the guy.

Charlie turned his glower on her. "I'm coming too."

"No you're not," Luca snapped.

Ever the peacemaker Trey stepped around Jai and slung an arm across Charlie's shoulders. "Dude, why don't you come with me tonight? I'm guarding a hot singer at an awards ceremony. Lots of food, drink, and eye candy going around."

The idea was shot down by everyone but Charlie. Disgusted at being treated like a child, Jai was surprised Charlie didn't take off for his room in fury. If he'd been in his shoes he probably would have for fear he'd end up hitting one of them.

Crap, now he was sympathizing with Charlie. What the hell was happening to him?

The details reluctantly decided, Luca and Trey left, Luca asking Jai to come see him about the security arrangements as soon as possible. That left Jai in a room with Charlie and Ari. Not comfortable.

"I could have gone with Trey tonight," Charlie argued suddenly. "The guy clearly wanted a hand."

Ari snorted. "I don't think it's your fighting skills Trey is interested in."

Jai shot her a look. Trey's sexuality wasn't something they talked openly about around here. If Luca knew (and it wouldn't have surprised Jai if word had gotten back to him), he'd never told Trey's father, Rik. Rik would go ballistic if he knew the truth.

Ari threw his look back at him before turning to Charlie to answer his 'Huh?' "Trey might have a little bit of a crush on you."

Charlie's eyebrows hit his hairline. "He's gay?"

"Bisexual," Jai clarified a little defensively. "And he thinks everyone is hot so get over it."

Answering to Jai's aggressive loyalty, Charlie raised his hands in the air, "I didn't say anything."

Ari grunted. "Don't take it personally, Charlie. Jai is just pissed to be lumbered with me tonight."

Ignoring the hurt in her eyes, Jai cursed under his breath, heading out of the training room and towards his father's office. He could lie to himself and say he was just following Luca's orders but the truth was he was running as fast and as far from Ari as he could. He needed all the distance he could get from her before they were crushed together on this stupid assignment.

15 - Flameless Fire Still Burns All the Same

Ari chewed on her lower lip as she stared at her reflection in the mirror anxiously. Having conjured a dress from her wardrobe back in Ohio, Ari was wondering if it was a little too much. The club was for over 21's but ID wasn't a problem since the Ginnaye had a 'guy'. She'd have a fake ID printed up by the time they were ready to leave. Still, she wanted to at least look twenty one and this dress was the only one she owned that was a little more daring. It was a red strapless dress that came to mid-thigh and clung to everything. To lessen the impact, Ari was wearing little flats rather than heels, thankfully tall enough to get away with it. This had been a secret dress she'd kept from her dad. He would have killed her if he ever saw her in it. She remembered that one time in ninth grade she'd come back from a shopping trip with Mrs. Creagh wearing a brand new mini-skirt. Her dad had gone purple when he'd seen her in it. He'd driven her back to the mall the next day and replaced the skirt with a knee-length one she'd deliberately ruined in the wash. A gasp escaped Ari as pain exploded in her chest, like someone had punched their fist right through her. She stumbled back, the unexpected hit of grief consuming her entire body. Tears spilled over her eyelids and the burning stopper in the back of her throat unplugged, letting sobbing gasps sputter out of her. He's gone. He's really gone. Ari couldn't stop picturing his smile. The way his arms felt wrapped around her. His deep rumbling laugh. She could have sworn she could even smell the scent of his cologne in the air. A box of tissues fell off the bedside cabinet to her feet where she'd crumpled. With blurry vision Ari grabbed at the tissues, giving a muffled thanks to Ms. Maggie for looking out for her.

After the tears subsided, Ari sat on the floor for a while feeling utterly exhausted and not at all in the frame of mind to take on a security job. Really, what was Trey and Luca thinking? Well, she guessed Luca thought it might be good experience for her, but Trey was just playing matchmaker. If Jai hadn't stubbornly telepathed to her to say no to taking on the assignment, Ari might have turned it down. But... she did so hate to be told what to do by that guy.

Realizing she'd have to abandon her usual au-natural look because of the crying jag, Ari conjured her small make-up bag from home and went about trying to fix her puffy eyes and blotched cheeks with grief-stricken, trembling fingers. When she was done she tousled her long hair leaving it loose down her back and gave a sad nod to the mirror. She'd do, she guessed. Glancing down at the short hem, she pulled at it a little. Had it always been that short? Nervous gremlins awoke in Ari's stomach as she wondered how Jai would react to the dress. The nerves weren't just for his reaction though. The British actress they were 'hanging out with' tonight was none other than Jennifer Hadley, a rom-com sweetheart and all-round big deal. And Ari was to help protect her and her 'civilian' boyfriend Chris. Chris was just an ordinary guy - a construction worker - but he and Jennifer had been together for ten years, since before Jennifer became famous. Despite the massive changes in their lives and all the gorgeous men Jennifer worked with, she and Chris were still together. Ari thought it was pretty romantic.

A knock at the door startled her and her heart started pounding fast against her ribs. Was that him? Oh god, oh god, oh god.

"Come in!" she called, trembling fingers smoothing down the front of her dress.

To her surprise, Charlie walked into the room. He was wearing a plain t-shirt and black pants instead of a ratty slogan shirt and knee-bitten jeans, and with his hair so short he looked older. Stronger. More appealing. Jerk.

"Whoa." He drew to an abrupt halt, his dark eyes wide as they soaked in the sight of her. When his gaze finally returned to her face, Ari was sure she was blushing like crazy. Charlie had never looked at her with such blatant interest before.

"Don't look at me like that." She squirmed uncomfortably.

"Then poke my eyes out because I can't look at you any other way." His eyes darkened with melancholy. "You look amazing."

"Thank you." Why did he have to look like a kicked puppy all the time? This was how she kept getting drawn back in. Deliberately avoiding his gaze, Ari puttered around the room, gathering her phone and some make-up to put in her clutch purse.

"You sure you want to do this?" Charlie asked quietly. "It could be dangerous. We don't know who's following you or if that Dali guy knows where you are."

"It'll be fine."

"What about Jai?"

Ari's heart kicked into overdrive. "What about Jai?"

"Well, I don't trust him with you any normal day. You with him, dressed like that? I don't think so."

Stupidly pleased at the insinuation that Jai was attracted to her, Ari hid a hopeful smile and waved Charlie off. "It's Jai, OK. He takes his job seriously. I'm like an inanimate object to him."

Charlie snorted. "Yeah, right. I'm serious, Ari. You should see the way he looks at you when you're not watching."

Another thrill shot through her and this time she couldn't contain the little shiver that rippled down her spine. "He doesn't see me like that," she insisted.

At the silence from her friend, Ari turned around slowly and met Charlie's suspicious, narrow-eyed gaze. His jaw was taut and she noted the flicker of hurt in his eyes. "Do you want him to?"

Feeling guilty and flustered, Ari shook her head frantically. "No. Look, I'm not talking about this. Not with you."

"You're kidding, right?" Charlie's eyes sparked with realization. "You're into him? He's too old for you!"

"He's only twenty three," she argued stupidly before she remembered she was supposed to be hiding her feelings for Jai from everyone, including Jai. "That's not even the point. There is nothing between us. There never will be."

Charlie's expression softened with an empathy that gave her a bad feeling deep in her gut. "Yeah, you're right. There never will be. Because he's not a relationship guy, Ari. Trey told me about the crap the two of them get up to with women and, well, men I guess too for Trey. Jai might find you attractive, and to be honest he'd have to be dead not to, but there won't ever be anything more." His mouth twisted bitterly. "I just didn't realize you wanted more from him."

The words hurt and they were meant to. He was saying it out of his own jealousy and Ari knew that. But there was truth in there too. Jai had already told her the same thing, but Ari resented Charlie for reiterating something she'd prefer to be deaf to. Suddenly remembering her oath to herself as she'd stood at her dad's graveside, Ari grew calm, letting all her emotions freeze up somewhere inside her. Giving Charlie her best blank look, she shrugged nonchalantly. "I don't want anything from anybody anymore. You see, when you expect things from people they inevitably disappoint you."

The retort found its mark and Charlie stepped back from the impact, his hands raised defensively. He nodded, letting her know he got it and he backed out of the room, slamming the door shut in his wake.

The look on Jai's face was priceless. Ari wished someone would record it so she could watch it over and over again, especially on days when he'd been particularly jackass-like. The way he made her feel as she walked towards him in the entrance hall was indescribable. Not only did it distract her from the guilt she felt for how she'd spoken to Charlie but it made her feel... wanted. If she could bottle that burning, intense, lush need in her gut she'd be able to make a fortune on it. Every woman in the world would feel like the most beautiful creature that ever lived. Proud of herself for not flushing under Jai's heated gaze, Ari drew to a stop inches from him. He was wearing a black t-shirt and black jeans, the tiny little diamond in his ear winking under the light from the chandelier above them. Her guardian looked and smelled amazing and Ari had a hard time keeping her hand from reaching out to stroke his strong jaw; a jaw that was clenched with unnamed emotion as he looked at her so fiercely.

Possessively.

Ari shivered.

"You ready?" Jai asked, his voice all hoarse as he handed her the fake ID.

Feeling an unexpected giggle in the back of her throat, Ari cleared it away. So he wasn't going to mention the dress. She shrugged inwardly. Didn't matter. Charlie was right. Jai thought she was pretty (he'd told her that once) but that didn't mean anything. He'd been with lots of girls (how many?) and he wasn't a relationship guy. In fact he'd actually screwed over a girl to get even with her father. Ari frowned at him.

He frowned back. "What?"

Not wanting him to know what she'd been thinking, Ari shrugged. "I'm bringing Ms. Maggie, I hope you don't mind." The hum of Ms. Maggie's presence pulsed beside her protectively. It was nice having a poltergeist.

"Fine. Extra protection I guess."

They were quiet in the car. It was a sleek Mercedes SL Roadster that belonged to Luca. He'd let them borrow it since it helped them play their part. Ari shivered as they drove out to L.A. They could have used the Peripatos but Jai liked driving and thought they'd both enjoy the break from the house for a while before their assignment started. Well he was wrong. They were still uncomfortable with one another and it didn't help that Ari's dress wouldn't stop riding up as she sat in the sports car despite her attempts to tug the hem down. When Jai shot a look at her legs and tightened his hands on the wheel, Ari almost died from the thick tension between them.

It was with relief when they pulled up to the hotel where they were meeting with Jennifer and her security detail.

Jai was all business as he met with the head of security at the elevator. The human guy was just as tall as Jai but even more muscular, his thick neck disappearing under his massive square jawline. His shrewd eyes ran over Jai as he introduced them, and Ari had to admit Jai was an impressive sight. His eyes were cool and determined and the air around him zinged with competence, his questionable youth disappearing under the weight of his intelligent gaze. The head of security gave them both a brisk nod as they shook hands. "I'm Brian. Let me introduce you to Ms. Hadley and go over protocol for this evening."

The elevator ride was quiet with tension. Ari wondered if her frayed nerves were sucking all the oxygen out of the air. Shoving back the urge to cling onto Jai's wrist as they headed down the hotel's plush corridor, Ari tried to walk like she belonged there. Two guys standing outside the hotel room door nodded at Brian as he knocked and waited to be allowed entrance.

The hotel suite was out of this frickin' world. Not quite the penthouse but still. Ari didn't know where to look, eyeing the plush sofas and huge fireplace, the enormous flat screen TV pinned to the wall, and of course the row of floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over the city. Wow.

"Ms. Hadley, this is Ari and Jai, your security for this evening."

Ari's gaze swung back to Brian and to the couple he was standing with. Holy macaroons, it's Jennifer Hadley! Laughing inwardly at how absurd it was to find meeting a famous person surreal when she'd met the immortal Sultan of all Jinn, Ari tried to control her expression as she reached forward to shake Jennifer's hand. The short blonde actress grinned widely at them, her famous dimpled smile so friendly and so surprised.

Jennifer nudged her boyfriend and then laughed. "These two don't look like security. They look like film stars."

Ari blushed at the compliment and threw a look at Jai. His expression hadn't changed. Ari grimaced. He was so stuffy when he was on a job.

"I assure you, Ms. Hadley, you're in good hands," Jai replied, his gravelly voice cutting into the room and drawing all eyes to him.

Jennifer's eyes widened a little. "Good to know."

Charlie hit end call and sighed. His mom was still pissed at him for taking off with Ari. At least she was answering his calls. Although, the conversation couldn't really be classed as such since it mostly consisted of them responding in grunts and mumblings. He threw his phone at the coffee table, eyes watching the film playing across the small home cinema. It was funnier on mute. Groaning, Charlie ran his hand through his hair and felt frustration burn when he didn't feel the usual mass of shaggy locks. Why did he cut it off again?

Why was he even here? Left behind. Ignored.

You're here to learn, he reminded himself. And so far that wasn't going great, but it'd go even crappier if he went it alone right now. Plus... there was Ari. He had to make sure she was OK. The image of her in the red dress made him groan again. She was out in that thing. With Jai.

For a moment he just sat there trying to think about anything but Ari with her guardian.

He glanced around the room, feeling the echo of the quiet of the mansion ring inside it. Jai hadn't been kidding when he said people scattered when he came home. Surprisingly, Charlie actually felt bad for the guy. Knowing what it was like to be ignored by the people who were supposed to take care of you, Charlie winced sympathetically every time someone talked to Jai without looking at him or called him 'boy'. OK, maybe he didn't feel sorry for him about that. The guy did insist on calling him 'kid' after all.

"Knock, knock," a familiar voice said and Charlie twisted around to see Trey standing in the doorway. "Can I come in?"

Ari's teasing voice shot through his mind. This guy had a crush on him. Uh, how did he act around him now? Trey was a funny guy and Charlie liked him despite his status as Jai's best friend, but he'd never been around a guy who had a crush on him before. How should he talk? What shouldn't he do? Should he make eye contact or was that some kind of signal that he was flattered by his attention? Crap.

"Hey. Of course." He nodded, trying to act cool. I can do this. He's still Trey.

"Ah." Trey nodded thoughtfully as he took a seat across from him. "Ari told you. I thought so earlier but I couldn't be sure, however that nod just gave it away."

Feigning ignorance, Charlie frowned. "Told me what?"

Glancing back at the door first to make sure it was closed Trey then shot him a teasing look. "That I like dudes as well as dudettes."

"Oh right, yeah that. Whatever."

Trey snorted. "Dude, chill. I'm too lazy to try to convert guys. Anyway, I'd say you were a goner."

Ignoring that, Charlie checked the clock on the wall. "Thought you were on assignment tonight?"

"Yeah, it got cancelled. Singer is sick, which is code for 'feeling too fat to go out in public'." Trey shrugged, his expression saying 'What can you do?' "You mind if I hang out here? I'm kind of dodging someone."

"A guy?" Charlie blurted out without thinking. He winced. God, he was so uncool at this.

The Ginnaye only smirked at him though. "Yeah, a guy. Seriously, man, I can leave if you're uncomfortable."

Feeling instantly guilty, Charlie waved him off. "No, don't do that."

"Cool. Also... can you keep what Ari told you to yourself? About me?"

"People don't know?"

A bitterness Charlie wouldn't have expected Trey capable of entered his voice as he replied, "My father specifically. He's a bigot."

"Christ," Charlie breathed. "That must suck."

"A little bit, yeah. The tribe don't know. Only Jai does, as far as I'm aware."

"How can you live like that?"

Trey raised an eyebrow. "Have you told your parents you traded in an ordinary life to be a sorcerer in order to exact revenge against the Jinn who killed your brother?"

Charlie stared blankly at him a moment. "Well... no. But that's the kind of thing that could get me locked up in a mental hospital. Yours isn't."

Trey didn't answer, his features turning to stone.

Not knowing what he'd said or done that was bad enough to turn an easygoing guy like Trey into the Terminator, Charlie did what any guy would do... he changed the subject. "So Ari's out with Jai." Wearing a ridiculous dress. In a club.

"He'll take good care of her."

"Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of."

Eyeing Charlie thoughtfully, Trey observed, "You seem like a good guy. Messed up, mixed up, but a good guy."

"OK. Thanks, I guess."

"Jai's a good guy."

Charlie grunted. "If you say so."

"He is. He's not perfect, but he's strong and he's honorable and he's come out good considering what he's been through. Jai's had it really bad, Charlie. Maybe if you understood him better..." Trey heaved a massive sigh as if he'd come to some kind of decision. "I've had to pull his brothers off him before they killed him, hide out with him when his stepmom was in a bad mood and looking to beat it out on him.

"Once, when we were thirteen the whole tribe was over celebrating Tarik's birthday and Jai accidentally knocked over the cake. It was an accident. I know because I shoved him into it." He grinned cheekily but there was something haunted in his eyes that made Charlie wary. "Nicki was furious and she just started beating on him in front of everybody and he just took it. Luca stepped in to stop her, telling her she was making a scene but I saw his face... he was upset for Jai although he would never admit it. And then Nicki did the worst thing she could have. In front of everyone she took off her belt and told Luca she would leave him if he didn't beat Jai to prove he loved her more." Trey's eyes glazed over with the memories. "Everybody knew about Jai's mom. What she'd done to Luca and Nicki's relationship, what she'd done to Luca.

"All of Jai's life Luca has been proving that it was done against his will and that he has no affection for Jai, the product of... rape, basically. And although I think it made him sick to do it, he battered Jai with that belt. Maybe he cares, right? But not enough." Trey shifted now, swallowing hard. "I tried to stop them, got a welt for my troubles." He pointed to a white scar across his eyebrow. "My dad pulled me off and gave me a walloping when we got home." Trey twisted his mouth with disbelief and when he finally spoke again his voice was full of utter loyalty for his friend, "Jai found out and snuck out still bruised and battered to hell, all to make sure I was OK. That's the kind of guy he is."

"You feel guilty."

"Hell yeah, I pushed him into the cake," Trey tried to laugh it off but Charlie felt uneasy. Jai had had a horrible, abusive upbringing. That's why he seemed so cold and detached all the time...because he was.

"He'll hurt her," Charlie said, sure that he spoke the truth. "He can't give her what she needs."

Knowing exactly what he spoke of Trey eyed him with an unnerving amount of perceptiveness. "And you think you can?"

"Maybe. Perhaps one day. When she's ready."

"What if you've already blown your chance, Sorcerer Boy?"

"I'm not giving up. And Jai... he'll just use her and then leave her."

Trey shook his head and reached for the remote control to unmute the film. "You don't know him. And he needs someone like, Ari. And she needs someone like him."

"Someone like him? He's a cold bastard."

Trey threw him a sharp look. "You don't know him. And yes, Ari needs someone like him. Someone who'll put her first. Someone who'll love her... enough."

Charlie threw his look back at him in exasperation. "He's putting his job first. Not Ari."

"Yeah, now. But he'll come to his senses. My boy always does."

"Well, he'll be too late," Charlie grumbled, his gut roiling at the thought of losing Ari to the Jinn.

"I know," Trey agreed with a cocky grin. "Did you see the way she was eyeing me today? If Jai doesn't move fast I think it'll be a wedding in springtime. Ari and I would make pretty babies."

Charlie punched him hard on the shoulder. "Screw you."

Trey laughed and Charlie was thankful the guy showed enough restraint not to comment on his poor choice of words. They settled back into the chair and Trey chuckled at the comedy as Charlie contemplated what he'd told him. He and Ari had stumbled into a pretty effed up world here in L.A. - possibly even more effed up than the one they'd left behind. Was this their life from now on? Dark pasts and secrets hidden behind confident smiles and magic? Should he grab Ari and get her to walk away with him while he could? Thoughts of the training session that day flashed through his mind and he flexed his hand, glancing down at where he'd focused the defensive magic that came easy to him now. When it coursed through him he felt more alive than he'd ever felt. He felt pleasure and strength vibrate through his whole being and he felt immortal, powerful, invincible. He felt thirsty, greedy, hungry for more. Imagine what he could do once he knew how to channel magic through the talismans. Imagine how he could hunt the piece of crap that had killed Mikey and flay its skin from its body.

"...Ari needs someone like him. Someone who'll put her first. Someone who'll love her... enough."

Charlie growled inwardly. He could be that someone. As soon as he had his revenge he could be that someone for Ari and somehow he'd get her out of the danger she was in. Somehow.

After.

They drove in separate cars. Ari and Jai in the Mercedes and Jennifer and Chris with Brian and his security detail. As soon as they got to the club Ari and Jai were to stick to Jenn (as she preferred to be called) and Chris with utter vigilance and composure. They were to melt into the crowds as if they were nothing more than their friends, giving Jenn and Chris at least the pretense of freedom.

"You ready?" Jai suddenly asked Ari as they pulled up to the club. Crowds of people lined up outside, paparazzi snapping flashing pictures of anyone who was the least bit famous.

Squashing down the little hands of anxiety flapping around in her stomach and squeezing her windpipe for good measure, Ari nodded mutely and waited for Jai to get out and open her door. As he did he reached down for her hand to help her out and gave her the tiniest of reassuring smiles. Relaxing, Ari grinned back at him and they handed their keys off to the valet. The SUV was waiting for them, holding up the valet, so Ari and Jai strode over and waited for Jenn and Chris to jump out. Ari eyed Jenn's silver top and low cut jeans with envy, feeling vulnerable in her little dress. Should have gone with jeans.

Jenn grinned at her widely as if she'd read her mind. "You look lovely."

Charmed by her and her English accent, Ari grinned back. "Thank you. You too."

Surprising Ari by linking arms with her, Jenn led the way with Chris on her other side and Jai watching their backs. The huge beefcake of a doorman smiled and pressed the ear piece he was wearing. "Ms. Hadley has arrived."

The red velvet rope was lifted and they walked in, camera flashes and people shouting Jennifer's name momentarily disorientating Ari.

What about the photographers? My picture? That shouldn't get out right? Dali will know where I am. Why hadn't she thought of that?

Clearly Jai had. His assuring voice echoed in reply in her head, Don't worry. I'm deleting them as we speak.

Ari shot a look at him over her shoulder and felt the extra buzz of energy around him as he used his magic. He frowned at her and Ari winced inwardly. Jai had been right... she shouldn't have come; she'd just given him extra work. It suddenly occurred to her that making her come was maybe just Luca's way of adding to Jai's responsibility. He didn't want his son to fail, did he? No, she didn't think so. Ari reckoned it was more about pushing Jai to his limits. Confused and annoyed at herself for accepting the assignment, Ari was glad when they finally made it in to the dim light of the club. They were instantly greeted by a tall, slick looking woman in a business suit. Ari noted Jai's hawk-like gaze as they washed over the woman.

"Ms. Hadley," she had to shout a little over the music. "We have a private area roped off for you and your guests. I'll have a waiter take your order."

Wow, Ari quirked an eyebrow as they threaded through the crowds, noting familiar faces of the rich and famous. Jennifer must have paid a fortune to get a V.I.P. section in a V.I.P club. Trying not to enjoy the throbbing pulse of Rihanna pounding around the club with its high vaulted ceilings and fake stain glass windows, Ari watched everyone around them surreptitiously as they moved through the crowds. They were led up a couple of steps to a plush, curved seating area where heavy damask curtains hung down the back of the couch. A beautiful rot-iron railing cut them off from the dance floor but still allowed them to watch everything that was going on. Politely allowing Jenn and Chris into the area first, Ari held back with Jai and almost jumped at the touch of his hand on her lower back as he pressed her gently forward.

Once seated, a waiter appeared before them. "What can I get you?"

"I'll have Glenlivet and ginger ale." Jennifer smiled up at him and Ari wondered what the hell that was.

"Same here," Chris added.

Jai leaned back, appearing relaxed and unconcerned to the casual observer as his arm draped over the back of Ari's seat. "Water for us."

If the waiter thought that was weird he didn't say anything. He hurried away and Jennifer immediately turned to Ari and Jai, snuggling back into Chris' side with a warm look in her blue eyes. "So, how did you two get into the security business? You look so young."

"Family business," Jai replied, his tone clipped and business-like. Ari couldn't help but frown at him.

"Oh." Jenn's eyebrows puckered together in confusion. "You two are siblings?"

"No." Ari shook her head, appalled at the idea.

Jai gave her a look before turning back to Jenn with patient but cool politeness. "Our fathers are friends and colleagues," he lied.

"How long have you been security officers?"

"A while."

"Do you like it?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

Ari had to stop herself from rolling her eyes as Jenn asked a few more questions before eventually giving up. She'd finally realized she wasn't going to get much of a conversation out of Jai. With a shrug Jenn turned back to Chris and the two of them began talking quietly to one another.

Scanning the room, Ari tried to pretend she was in fact a security officer for Bitar Security. What should she be looking out for? Crap. Why hadn't she asked Jai this before they left? Wait. Why hadn't Jai told her? Of course, Ari stiffened. He didn't want her along in the first place and he'd rather keep her ignorant so that if anything did happen he could take care of it on his own without fear of her getting in the way.

Bored ten minutes later, Ari wondered if Jai would think it was rude if she asked Jenn if she was working on any new films. Deciding it couldn't hurt, she looked over at Jenn and flushed inwardly, forgetting her question. Jenn and Chris were making out. Heavily. There were hands everywhere. Squirming uncomfortably but glad she didn't feel the heat of the club with her weird Jinn temperature, Ari threw a quick look at Jai to see if he'd noticed their clients were chewing on one another. Her heart stopped as her eyes clashed with Jai's. He'd been watching her and he had this knowing smirk on his face that she wanted to smack right off.

"Hey!"

Their heads swiveled toward the voice. A tall guy who didn't look old enough to be in the club grinned at them through the bars of the railing. He eyed Ari, his eyes glittering flirtatiously. Ari thought he looked vaguely familiar.

"You wanna dance, pretty girl?" he asked, yelling over the music.

A heavy arm came around Ari's shoulders before she could respond and she felt herself drawn back into Jai's chest. Her breathing faltered. "Beat it," he growled at the guy. Ari didn't know if the guy heard or not but he certainly understood the intent. He gave Jai a wary look and disappeared back into the crowds on the dance floor.

The arm slid from her shoulders and Ari turned to Jai wide-eyed, her heart thudding at his possessiveness. Her guardian shrugged at her. "We can't leave our post."

Ari contemplated punching him as that irritating little thing called hope deflated instantly. Slumping a little, she looked away from him only to catch Jennifer's eyes. Jenn gave her a sympathetic smile, as if she saw right through her. Ari smiled sadly back at her. Boys sucked.

"You know," Jenn said loudly, grabbing a hold of Chris' hand. "I want to dance." She stood up and grinned down at Jai. "I guess that means you two better join us."

Damn every single matchmaker in this world. Ari closed her eyes briefly, hearing Jai's reluctant sigh beside her. Feeling the breeze of movement as he stood too, Ari slowly rose to her feet, unable to meet his gaze. This was perfect. Just perfect.

Jai grabbed her hand in his and before she could react he was pulling her ahead of Jenn and Chris, his eyes constantly checking behind him for his clients and then around them to make sure there was no one bothering them. With his black scowl he cleared a space on the floor for them and positioned Ari close to Jenn and Chris. She stared stupidly at him as his hands fell lightly on her waist. There was a whole body worth of space between them. It was as if the clock had turned back and she had 'cooties' all over again. Ari slapped her hands hard down on his shoulders drawing his startled gaze. They looked like they were in the fifth grade for God's sakes.

An indiscreet chuckle caught her ears and Ari glared at Jenn who smothered a laugh in Chris' neck. When she looked back at Jai he was frowning down at her.

"What?" he asked.

Feeling annoyed and frustrated and bold all at once, Ari tugged his head down and brought her mouth to his ear. "Dance with me properly or I'm going to kick you in the nuts."

Relaxing at the sound of Jai's choked laughter, Ari melted into him as he drew her closer. Much closer. His arms wrapped around her waist and she laid her head against his shoulder, her hands around his neck, fingers stroking his nape with a mind of their own. "We're here to work," Jai's voice rumbled in her ear and she tried not shiver. "Not dance."

We can do both, she insisted.

I'll keep an eye on the happy couple, Jai replied, You watch the crowds.

Yes, sir.

He snorted at her insolence but didn't push her away.

At first... it was fine. Ari watched the crowds around them and Jai was watching Jenn and Chris. But as the music slowed, she felt Jai unconsciously pull her closer until their bodies were no longer just brushing together, but pressed tight. One of his hands slid slowly down her back to cup her hip, his other tracing lazy circles on her lower back. The breath whooshed out of Ari as all of her awareness focused on Jai - the feel of his chest under her head, the strong shoulders under her arms, the powerful arms holding her close, the unknown exotic scent mixed with sandalwood and rich musk that was all his own. If Ari turned just slightly she could nuzzle her nose against his throat. The heat built from deep within her as images of them together, kissing, touching... more... rioted around in her not so innocent mind, and as if he'd heard those thoughts Jai tensed against her, the hand on her hip gripping her hard. His heavy exhalation blew against her ear, sounding more like a groan of frustration than annoyance.

"You ready for another drink?" Jenn's voice peeled them apart and they separated quickly as though they had been caught doing something they shouldn't.

Ari's heart pounded in her chest as Jenn grinned at them knowingly. Wow. OK, there was no denying the chemistry between them. "Water," she managed.

Back at the table the tension didn't leave. It just grew worse. She could tell by the closed look on Jai's face that he was angry at himself and possibly her. They were supposed to be on a job after all. A mass of nerves, Ari gulped down two glasses of water before she realized what a bad idea that was. After holding in the need to pee until she was in pain, Ari finally sighed to catch Jai's attention.

I need to go to the bathroom.

He frowned and glanced around them before he looked back at her face. Seeing the discomfort in her eyes he nodded reluctantly. Be quick. I don't like the idea of you wandering alone.

I have Ms. Maggie, she assured him.

Ari gazed at her flushed face in the mirror, glad to have the bathroom to herself. She'd locked the main door and would probably hear a pounding on it any minute but she needed just a moment alone to gather her wits. Her eyes were sparkling with excitement, green pushing at blue pushing at amber as they fought for some kind of exact coloring.

"I am so unprofessional," she muttered, goosebumps exploding across her arms at the memory of dancing in Jai's arms. "Oh God."

Flames exploded behind her sending Ari careening into the mirror in shock. Acid burned in the back of her throat from fear as her father, The White King, stepped out of the Peripatos. She blinked, not quite sure it was real, that he was really there behind her and not her wicked imagination playing tricks on her. His implacable eyes met hers in the mirror and reality slammed into her with the force of a shotgun bullet. No, not here. She breathed, glancing quickly at the locked door. Ms. Maggie's energy slipped out of the room and Ari frowned. The Ifrit had left her alone with him? Shock rang through her as she calculated whether or not she could make it out of the room before he got to her.

And then the memory of burying Derek shot through her spine like an arrow and Ari turned to face the huge Jinn with fury blazing in her eyes. "You bastard."

"Actually I have a father. I just don't like him very much." He strode towards her, his black hand-sewn leather trousers hugging his powerful legs. He wore nothing on his torso except for a gold torque around his neck and a long billowing blue silk robe. His face was expressionless, his eyes deep black abysses. "Look at all that anger. I did wonder if you cared. There was no response to my message."

Fighting down the ugly darkness in her chest that screamed to rise and take over, Ari clenched her fists, refusing to back down as he approached her. He killed her dad. He deserved to pay. Her neck craned back to look at him and she fought the urge to command him to his knees, The Red King's threat buzzing in her blood-rushed deafened ears. At the thought of her uncle, Ari felt anxiety. He had promised to put an enchantment of protection around her. How had The White King found her? The angry question spilled from her dry lips.

"Easily. There wasn't even an enchantment up around you to put me off for a few days."

More confusion. More worry. "But The Red-" she cut off, not wanting to give The White King any information, no matter how insignificant.

Her father cocked his head to the side, his face still blankly cold, his eyes terrifyingly flat. "Did you suppose my brother would aid you?" he shook his head. "Not if Azazil forbade him to. And I imagine my father did."

"That makes no sense." Azazil wanted to keep her away from The White King!

The White King shrugged. "The Sultan may not like the idea of you in my hands, but he certainly likes the idea of boredom even less. I'll tell you this again and perhaps this time you will listen, daughter. My father likes to be entertained. First and foremost."

Not wanting to be manipulated by him, Ari tried to shut his words out. But hadn't The Red King and Jai also said as much. She couldn't trust Azazil. Did that mean she really couldn't trust her uncle? Hearing her father's sigh of disgust Ari glanced up in a sudden rage, kindle sparking between her fingertips as she fought her natural instinct to overpower him, to abuse him and hurt him and make him pay for what he had done. He didn't even care that he had taken a life. It was all a game to him. To all of them!

Studying her calmly, watching the play of emotions ricochet around her face, The White King nodded gently as he began to prowl around her. "I am impressed with your control. That you have not yet retaliated for the death of Derek is... well... if I'm honest, it's problematic. But impressive. You're your father's daughter."

Ari shuddered at the thought and twisted around to glare at him, her upper lip curled in utter disgust at the sight of his coldly handsome face. "Why don't you just get whatever you plan to do with me over with?"

"Because you are of no use to me if you don't come to Mount Qaf willingly. Forcing your will has not proven fruitful so far. But I have a feeling it won't be long before you realize I'm the only one who truly wants you, Ari. And isn't that what you need. To be truly wanted."

"Shut up."

He cocked his head to the side again, eyeing her thoughtfully. "I would even free your mother," he bartered. "If you come with me I will free Sala and you can have a little happy reunion with her."

Ari's heart sputtered at the thought and more pain shot through her. "She didn't want me. She left me."

"Who's to say she wouldn't have come back for you if I hadn't trapped her in that bottle."

No, Ari, don't listen, she begged herself, hating the weak, niggling voice inside that tried to persuade her that meeting Sala would make her happy, could change everything, could give her someone who loved her.

"ARI!" Jai shouted through the door jolting her out of her thoughts. He banged ruthlessly at the door and Ari felt the flare of magic in the air coming from his direction on the other side of the wall.

The White King sighed, drawing her eyes back to him. "That is my cue to leave. For now. And remember, Ari, I am a patient King. I don't expect you to come to me willingly today or even next week. But if you don't come to me soon I will play the game my way. I will repeat the Derek situation." He nodded, his eyes dead, lifeless with no thread tied to any emotions he may or may not have possessed. "Perhaps this time I'll play the game with the guardian Jinn who had his body pressed so tight to yours it was a wonder you could breathe on that dance floor."

And with a small smile at the unmasked fear in Ari's eyes, her father stepped back into the Peripatos just as the bathroom door blew open. Jai rushed in, his face dark with determination and violence. He stalled, seeing her alone, his eyes bright with relief to find her in one piece. She shook from her very toes to the tips of her hair as Jai gathered himself together, slamming the door shut and locking it before hurrying over to her. "Are you OK? Was he here?"

"He's gone. I'm OK." She held up her hands palm out, placating him. He looked as though he were about to jump out of his skin and rip it to shreds just to have something to violently attack. "How did you know? I didn't telepath."

Jai's eyes narrowed as he looked her over as if searching for injury. "Just as I felt a warning in the trace, Ms. Maggie talked to me telepathically. She told me The White King had you in the bathroom."

Ms. Maggie spoke to him? Ari opened her mouth to ask about that when Jai grabbed her upper arms and tugged her roughly into a fierce hug, stilling all thought. She was crushed against him, his arms wrapped tight around her, and Ari felt his heart pounding in his chest, his muscles trembling beneath her. Warmth rushed through her as she realized how concerned he'd been. "I'm OK," she promised him softly, whispering the words against his throat. "He just wanted to mess with my head. I didn't do anything. I didn't command him. It was hard, but I didn't, I promise..."

"Shh," he hushed her, brushing his mouth against her ear. "I know. I'm proud of you."

Nuclear need shot through the core of her and Ari pulled back, her breathing ragged. She felt too much in his arms. She stared up at him and her eyes widened at his expression. His green eyes were liquid fire and as her mouth trembled at the blatant lust in them, those green molten pools dropped to watch her lips. The moment hung suspended between them, like a thin rope bridge that would snap if one of them took that irreversible step forward. Trying to find some equilibrium Ari took a step back instead and Jai's hands tightened around her upper arms. "Jai-"

Her words were cut off as he crashed her against him, his mouth crushing hers in the deepest, hardest kiss Ari had ever received. She felt her legs tremble beneath her and grabbed onto him for support, gasping as he pulled her closer, the sound swallowed by his hot mouth. Urgency took over, sanity fled, and all that existed was Jai's mouth and body holding everything that she was together. The cool counter bumped against her thighs as Jai lifted her easily onto it, never breaking his desperate kiss. He shoved between her legs so she could wrap them around him, his hands gripping her h*ps and pulling her closer. His groan reverberated through her entire body with pleasure.

Ari thought she'd never feel this kind of heat again what with her Jinn temperateness. But her skin was on fire as Jai's kiss softened, his tongue teasing hers to deepen an already abyss-like kiss. She trailed her hands over his hard chest, contemplating ripping the buttons off as he left her lips to trail devastating kisses down her neck. His large hands squeezed her h*ps hard and then brushed softly against her back before sliding chills up her spine. It was like he wanted to touch her everywhere all at once and Ari was only too happy to let him. Ari whimpered into his ear as he bit gently at her bare shoulder and Jai growled at the sound, his hand tangling through her hair as he grasped her head, cupping it back like she was an offering. There was no thought in his expression, only need. His lips crushed hers again and Ari held tight, her fingers biting into his shoulders, her legs climbing his hips. She wanted, she needed, she wanted, she couldn't think, she-

-CRASH!

They jumped apart at the sound of the bathroom door slamming open, their breathing hard, their chests rising and falling in tandem. Their wide-eyed stares were met by nobody, but Ari sensed the hum of Ms. Maggie's presence.

"It's Ms. Maggie," Ari whispered hoarsely.

Jai looked back at her, his eyes wide with disbelief. He shuddered and Ari watched with a heavy heart as regret crept into his beautiful green gaze. Jai groaned, rubbing a hand over his short hair. "That shouldn't have happened."

Feeling vulnerable, Ari pulled at the hem of her dress where it had ridden up slightly. "Jai...?"

"No," he growled at her, his eyes flashing angrily now. "It never happened. I was worried about you and I just... shit!" He hit a palm off the tiled walls.

Unsure of how she should react, Ari slid off the counter with as much grace as she could manage. She felt stupid. And frustrated. And angry.

Hurt.

Alone.

Jai shot a look at her and winced at her expression. "Ari, I'm so sorry," he apologized hoarsely. "The last thing you need is an older guy treating you like crap. You deserve more. And I can't give you more."

Swallowing the lump in her throat, Ari stiffened her spine. She smoothed her hair and pasted on a blank expression. "We better get back to work."

After a phone call to Luca that Jai and Ari were not privy to, Chris and Jenn were huddled out of the club by her security team leaving Ari and Jai feeling sheepish. The couple had assumed they'd both left their posts to make out in the bathroom and while it might have looked like that, there really was no way of explaining the truth. In the end, Ari followed a stone-faced Jai outside and into the car, her legs blasted by the arctic cold breeze blowing off of her guardian. Her insides were a mess but on the outside she was strong and determined. She was done.

The forty minute drive in the car with Jai heading out had been fine. Heading back. Not so good. Ari shifted uncomfortably a million times which only seemed to irritate Jai. She just wanted to get back to the mansion so she could hide.

Driving along the PCH Ari's mind was turning over and over as she stared out at the ocean. Her thoughts were abruptly pulled back inwards when Jai made a noise like a growl from the back of his throat. The car sputtered and Ari's eyes widened as her head snapped around to look at her guardian. With a choke and cough and spluttering of bile, the Mercedes rolled to a stop on the strangely silent highway. "What's going on?" she whispered, dread filling her. This was all too familiar.

Jai looked ahead up the darkened road, his eyes narrowing and jaw clenching. "Get in the Cloak and get out of the car," he ordered.

With fear immobilizing her it took Ari a moment to shake herself into concentration. What the hell was coming for her now? Was it The White King? Had he decided to attack again even though he'd said he wouldn't?

"Ari," Jai snapped.

"I'm doing it, I'm doing it," she whispered and closed her eyes, imagining her whole body was light and transparent. The air around her crackled with her magic.

"Get out the car," Jai said and Ari turned to see he was gone. Well, in the Cloak too. The driver door slammed and Ari scrambled out of the car, almost tripping as she tried to get used to not seeing her legs.

What now?

Look ahead of you.

Eyes widening, Ari watched as a group of humans strode out into the road. Like last time they were tall and rangy men, their eyes fierce with determination. This time they had weapons. Guns.

Bastards.

Ari shivered, feeling exposed even knowing they couldn't see her. What do we do?

As much as I'd like to teach these a**holes a lesson, we're going to walk past them as quietly as possible until we're out of their sightline. Then we'll head into the Peripatos.

Why can't we just head into the Peripatos now?

Because our flames give us away and that's just enough time for one of the cowards to put a bullet in us.

OK. Let's go then.

"They're gone!" The guy closest to the car called over his shoulder.

"They're in the Cloak," one yelled back and Ari's heart sunk as her eyes adjusted enough to see what he was dragging. A girl.

Shit. Jai cursed, seeing her too.

The guy stopped in front of the car's headlights, the girl pressed against his body, a knife digging into her neck. She only looked about fifteen or sixteen. Her cheeks were pale with terror, her eyes wide and red from crying. Ari noted a tear in her shirt and felt her blood boil with rage. The ugly knot in her chest started forming, pulling up away from her heart and morphing into that dark separateness that longed to do damage. "I think they'll step right on out when they realize I plan to kill this girl if they don't. A guardian like Jai Bitar won't be able to walk away from an innocent in trouble. Right?" He grinned cockily, his eyes washing over the entire area with the thoroughness of a true predator. "All Master Dali wants is the girl, Mr. Bitar. Hand her over and we let the little one go."

Someone sounds like they've watched too many bad Hollywood action flicks, Ari laughed nervously, trying to cover up the fact that she was furious and scared to hear that Dali knew exactly where she was.

Someone is a cocky bastard, Jai hissed back and Ari felt his anger pounding around her head.

A streak of fire blazed through the air towards the leader and his whole body stiffened, his eyes rolling back in his head as he collapsed to the ground with a sickening thud. The knife clattered to the ground and the girl yelped, tears streaming down her face as she shivered in her shorts and t-shirt, completely confused and terrified.

Ari wasn't sure she understood what was happening as the fire moved with a speed the human eye couldn't keep up with. In under thirty seconds every man was unconscious on the ground, their weapons, unfired, discarded next to their bodies.

Jai?

Don't come out of the Cloak, he commanded harshly.

What the hell did you just do?

Krav Maga. A powerful blow to the back of the neck can render your opponent unconscious.

Ari gulped, not quite able to compute how powerful Jai was. She'd been all ready to fight and he'd come along and made these idiots look like... well... idiots. It suddenly occurred to Ari that if Jai hadn't been incapacitated by the harmal that first time, he'd have taken out those men Charlie and her had labored greatly to defeat.

Show off.

The girl? Ari asked, worry eating away at her.

I've already called my father for help through the telepathy. He's sending in a team to clean this up. You and I need to get out of here.

Shouldn't we wait until someone has her?

The girl slumped, falling to her knees in utter fear and disorientation. The sound of a car heading towards them drew Ari's head up in panic.

It's Rik. Trey's dad. He'll take care of this. Let's go. Walk towards me so you're behind the girl. The last thing she needs is to see us head into the Peripatos.

Ari did as she was told focusing what little energy she had left to travel by fire to the mansion.

16 - A Message that No One Seems to Get

Dali stewed over his own reticence. Perhaps he should have been in L.A. to oversee the attack. Would it have gone any better, or would he have been taken by the girl and her guardian? The chance that he didn't get the harmal into her in time had stopped him from joining them. The thought of being commanded by the Seal and his will taken from him terrified him as much as the thought of wielding that power over others excited him. The concoction was finally strong enough.

"Master Dali, the girls are beginning to come around from the effects of the harmal," Dr. Cremer reported as Dali stepped out of the elevator onto the lab floor. He eyed the girls strapped to leather chairs that could pass for dental chairs, his eyes scanning the leather belts now holding them in place. When he'd left last night to find Ari, those belts had not been necessary.

Dali frowned, masking the unease that shifted in his stomach as his eyes drifted over the two girls that were left. In order to get the concoction right, Dali had kidnapped human living Jinn girls close to Ari's height and build. Since Ari was stronger than these lesser Jinn, he'd had the scientists work until the harmal paralyzed the girls. What he was doing was dangerous for many reasons. One, there wasn't a lot of human-living Jinn in the US, at least not enough for missing girls to go unnoticed. And two... it ate at his conscience. Six of the girls had died, leaving only two. Dali stared into the waxy complexion of one of the girls and fought to remind himself why he was doing this. Ari and all the power she could offer him. His blood screamed at him with need for that power. Flinching, Dali turned his back on the girls, the smell of disinfectant making him nauseated. Apparently the girls' bodily functions had taken on a mind of their own and the scientists had had to clean up their waste and wash the girls, like caretakers. Ignoring a stab of guilt, Dali looked down at Dr. Cremer his expression cold. "I told you to inject them right away with another dose."

"But they've had three..." Dr. Cremer stilled, her eyes turned black with fear at his thunderous look. "...Master."

Clenching his fists, Dali fought to contain his frustration. He'd never taken anything out on his employees before and he was trying his hardest not to now. "I've already told you that Ari will need to be under the harmal continuously."

"Master..." Dr. Cremer frowned unhappily. "What you're suggesting... it might not work. The transfusion and the harmal... who is to say the girl's power won't dilute with the transfusion?"

"No one," he agreed with her doubts. "But I'm going to try. So put the girls under again."

"Yes, Master."

Congratulating himself on getting another's day visit to the horrendous lab over with, Dali rubbed a finger over the emerald talisman he wore around his neck, channeling the power of the stone of Mount Qaf to aid him as he stepped into the Peripatos to take him upstairs. Using the Peripatos was faster than the elevator and also reminded his human workers just how powerful he was. He should have taken her last night, he snapped inwardly again. The waiting was killing him. Everything would have gone so much easier if she hadn't run off to the Ginnaye tribe in L.A. Now she was well-protected, living in a mansion in the Palisades that was cocooned by many enchantments. It was natural defensive magic and far too powerful for Dali to fight unless he himself used defensive magic against it, which of course he couldn't since his intention was offensive. But last night she'd left the mansion with just the one Ginnaye guarding her and still his humans hadn't been able to take the guardian out and kidnap Ari.

Still... he'd try again. He had to use humans to bring her to him. It was just a matter of watching and waiting. Oh, and avoiding more of his father's calling. Hell, Dali hoped she'd leave that damn mansion soon. Before long his window of opportunity would close for good.

Trey leaned against the dresser in Ari's room, his arms crossed over his chest, watching her quietly. Perched on the end of the bed, eyes dull with lack of sleep, Ari stared blankly back at him.

Trey sighed.

Ari yawned.

He crossed his ankles and tapped a finger against his arm.

Ari shot a look at the clock.

Trey cleared his throat.

Ari glanced down at her flats. They'd gotten soaked in spilled alcohol when they were leaving the club the night before. She wished she barely remembered any of last night, but since she'd taken so long to fall asleep it felt like it had all happened minutes ago. Indeed, sleep was beginning to feel like a ghost, a haunted shade that crept upon her whenever it felt like it. And apparently it was a shy ghost. Exhausted, Ari waited Trey out, her mind reeling with the events of... well... the entire last few weeks. Last night had been horrible. Jennifer and Chris had complained to Luca about Jai and Ari's disappearance to the bathroom and Luca had had to waive their fee. After the attack on the highway, Jai and Ari had returned to a furious Luca who was only somewhat placated when Jai explained about The White King's appearance and then Dali's trap. Still, he hadn't looked entirely convinced by the truth of the whole story, eyeing Ari's swollen mouth with suspicious, knowing eyes. His anger wasn't lessened by the fact that he now had to work his tail off to make sure the incident didn't tarnish the Bitar Security reputation for excellence.

Sleep had evaded Ari for hours as she'd lain in her bed, thinking about what Derek had said to her, Charlie's actions, Jai's stubbornness... and finally that promise she had made to herself at her dad's graveside.

That was it. She was done whimpering after men who didn't care enough. This time she really was.

When the ghostly specter of sleep finally swept into the bedroom, Ari had fallen into another restless slumber, her mind tumbling back into the original dream she had of the giant Jinn brother and sister fighting to the death. Why did she keep dreaming about them? And was the woman in the dream this Lilif person in the painting downstairs?

"You're good at this," Trey grumbled bringing Ari's attention back to him.

She gave him a weary smile. "My dad was kind of immature. We used to play this game a lot."

"I see." He shrugged up from his position to waltz slowly over to her, his hand braced against one of the posts of the bed. "I spoke to Jai."

Her heart pounded a few hard warning beats against her ribs as if to say 'stop him, I don't want to hear this'. "I gathered that's why you woke me up at this ungodly hour."

The guardian's sympathetic smile killed her. It wasn't possible for her to feel any more vulnerable right now. "Ari, he feels terrible."

"Is this the part you tell me not to give up on him? Because you're too late."

"Don't say that," Trey groaned, "I'll owe Charlie money."

Jaw dropping in indignation Ari squeaked, "You bet with Charlie that Jai and I would end up together?"

"Yeah, he bet against it."

Horrified, Ari shook her head. "There's nothing going on with Jai and me. Nothing. Never. He's... an idiot. Just like all of you."

"Hey," Trey threw his hands up defensively, "Some of us are fantastic."

Too angry to smile at him, Ari glowered and looked away.

"Come on," Trey said softly, easing down beside her. "You have to see things from Jai's point of view. His life has not been easy. He doesn't understand what he's feeling." At her silence, Trey touched her shoulder and his expression softened when he saw the hurt in her eyes "You still have a lot going on right now and you need to trust him."

"From now on I rely on no one but myself, Trey. No one. I walk into these situations with my heart splayed open like an idiot asking to have it cut out. Well, I'm done. I'm pissed off being the girl whose daddy didn't love her enough, who's best friend doesn't love her enough... who Jai will never love enough to work out his crap and put it behind him."

"You don't even know what that crap is. Maybe if you knew-"

"He wouldn't tell me." Ari shook her head. "I'm not important enough to confide in."

"Ari-"

"No!" Ari stood up, whirling around, her eyes blazing. "I feel like a crumpled up piece of paper that has something really important written on it. But no one will ever know what that is because all they see is something that's been discarded. I'm done feeling like that! Last night was... well, it was a wake-up call."

She was trembling so much with hurt and determination that she knew Trey could see it. After a moment's silence, he stood up and pressed an understanding kiss to her cheek. She gave him a weak smile and he turned quietly and left her to her thoughts.

Ari had just finished blow-drying her hair when the knock came at her bedroom door. What does Trey want now? She rolled her eyes as she grasped the door handle.

Her heart froze in her chest for a moment and then plummeted into her stomach with a sickening 'oof'. "Jai," she said quietly, surprised to see him standing outside her door. Willingly.

Looking as uncomfortable as she felt Jai gestured inside. "May I come in?"

Stepping aside in answer, Ari ignored the way her stomach fluttered as he brushed past her. She hated how aware she was of him. "What's up?" she asked quietly, her breath escaping her as soon she closed the door on them. The room felt tiny now that Jai was in it.

Looking adorably unsure, Jai shrugged. "Uh... I thought maybe we should talk after all."

Deep suspicion took a hold of Ari and she pinned her guardian to the wall with a deadly look. "Trey sent you."

"No." Jai shook his head quickly, looking anywhere but at her.

"Do you really want me to use the Seal against you cos' I will," Ari lied, standing arms akimbo with defiance.

At the threat, the old Jai melted back into place and he shot her a warning look. "Fine," he snapped. "Trey sent me."

She pointed to the door. "Get out."

"No."

"There's nothing to talk about."

Picking up a photograph of Derek that she'd placed on the dresser, Jai seemed to relax again as if he'd remembered what he was doing there, what he could say. He put the photo down carefully and turned to her. His vivid eyes held her in place, her heart pounding as she waited for him to say something. Anything. "Trey told me you don't trust me anymore."

Trey has a big mouth. Using cold composure as armor, Ari sauntered past him to put her hairdryer away. "I trust you to do your job."

"But you don't trust me entirely, Ari, and I can't have that. We need to trust each other for this to work."

Sighing wearily, Ari slumped down on a footstool and Jai took that as permission for him to sit too. He sat down on the end of the bed, his hands clasped between his knees. He was looking at his feet as if trying to gather his thoughts and Ari hated the way butterflies started trying to kill each other in her stomach at the sight of his long lashes fanned against his cheeks, the way the dim light of the room cast deep shadows across his cheekbones. Could a guy be beautiful? She bit her lip to stop a sigh escaping.

"I don't do... talking." Jai looked up at her ruefully. "I get on with stuff, you know. Shit happens, I move on. But you deserve an explanation for last night. And I guess I need you to understand me a little... in order to trust me."

Hating to see him so uncomfortable, Ari shook her head. "Jai, you don't need to do that."

His expression sincere, Jai held up a hand to quiet her. "I do. And I will... because I trust you."

Trying not to let that warm her insides, Ari leaned back against the wall. "OK."

Heaving the biggest sigh she'd ever heard, Jai dropped his gaze. He may trust her but this was clearly still hard for him. She suspected this would be the longest she'd ever hear Jai talk. "I don't need a psychologist to tell me why I am the way I am. I was..." he sucked in a breath, "I was beaten, battered, kicked, neglected, toyed with and stomped on as a kid."

A slice of pain cut open inside her for him. "Jai..."

He shook her off. "I don't want pity or sympathy, Ari. It's in my past and I came to terms with it a long time ago. I'm just trying to..." Jai frowned. "I'm trying to build you a picture, a history, so maybe you can understand me better." He sighed again. "Nicki and David were the worst. But I could take the physical abuse. The slaps, the belts, the punches, the kicks. Thankfully never magic. It was the bad stuff like Nicki forcing Luca to hit me to prove he loved her more than me that kind of messed with my head."

A gut churning anger was beginning to build in Ari as he spoke, that ugly knot inside her chest wanting to separate from her and take control, hunt Nicki and chew her up and spit her back out.

"Most everyone else followed by Nicki and Luca's example. Don't get me wrong there were some of my tribe that clearly didn't agree with my treatment, but they did nothing to stop it. There were others who were afraid of me, of my heritage. And there was one who tried to protect me as much as he could."

"Trey."

Jai gave her a humorless smile. "I could kill him for sticking his nose in where it doesn't belong but he means well. He just wants... you know..."

God he was such a guy. "He wants you to be happy," Ari finished for him.

Giving her a 'whatever' shrug, Jai continued, "What I'm trying to say is that I never had non-dysfunctional relationships. Trey's the only person I ever trusted. People thought I was a piece of garbage for a long time but I proved them wrong. I'm one of the best guardians in this tribe and they all know it and they have to respect that. My father has to respect that. Having something I'm good at, having a good reputation has come... to mean a lot to me," he admitted and finally he looked at her. "Ari, it's not just that I don't do relationships, and believe me I don't because it would get in the way of my job too much, but it's also about you specifically."

Feeling sick, Ari waited.

Jai suspended the moment, groaning as he scrubbed his face with his hands. Finally he dropped his hands to stare at her, as if he were making sure she was really listening. "We're attracted to each other," he admitted hoarsely. "There's no point lying about that. But I respect you too much to mess around with you. Ari, you're innocent. You're still a kid in so many ways."

Ari flushed, tearing her gaze away as she remembered he knew about her virgin status.

"I'm not going to jeopardize my reputation and risk hurting you for something that can never be anything... more. I don't have it in me to give more."

He'd said it before but now, somehow, it was clearer. For Ari it well and truly sunk in and only strengthened her resolve to be more independent and to stop chasing men that didn't want her the way that she wanted them. She blanched inwardly, wondering if they all saw her as this desperate lonely little girl just trying to make a connection. That wasn't the way it was, she thought, pain crushing heavily on her chest. She was in love with Jai.

And he didn't love her back.

A whisper of warmth danced around her and Ari felt the familiar presence of Ms. Maggie. She'd forgotten she was in the room. The Ifrit had heard everything and was trying to offer her comfort. It helped, if only but a little.

Ari stood up and Jai immediately shot to his feet, his eyes wary, waiting for a reaction.

"Thanks for telling me all that," Ari managed. "You know, I said it before but you really do deserve better than what they've given you, Jai. You're a really good person."

"And you're too generous but thank you."

After a moment of stilted silence Jai headed towards the door. He turned back to give her a small smile. "We good then?"

"Yeah." At his still wary look, Ari felt a stab of annoyance. Did he think she was going to keep pining after him after what he'd just said? "Stop worrying," she reassured him. "You're right. About everything. I do deserve more and I get that you can't give me that. It was just a crush. Now I'm moving on."

An odd look crossed Jai's face before he could stop it. He quashed the look with a tight smile as he slipped from the room and Ari immediately felt cold. She hugged herself, wishing everything with The White King and Dali was over already so she could run as far and as fast from everyone and everything as soon as possible. She needed a fresh start.

Well, she'd still take along Ms. Maggie.

17 - 'Every Father's Pain Casts a Shadow over a Broken Son' - Silverchair

Ari eyed the Jinn in the painting. Whoever the artist was, they'd captured the vicious sensuality of Lilif brilliantly and the similarity between her and the woman in Ari's dream was too uncanny to be ignored.

"Terrifyingly lovely isn't she," a deep voice rumbled from behind Ari and she turned swiftly to watch as Luca approached her stealthily. For the first time Ari could see Jai in him. The powerfully sleek walk, like a panther in a jungle, the stern face, the air of competence he wielded like a weapon. Yes... they were alike in ways neither of them wished to acknowledge.

"Sorry?" Ari asked, confusion wrinkling her brow.

"Lilif." Luca nodded to the painting as he came to a stop beside her. He was broader than Jai, his face rougher, more striking than handsome. Still, he had the same ability to overwhelm her with his presence as Jai did. At least with Jai she trusted him. With Luca... she was still unsure.

"The first of the succubus Jinn?"

"And the mother of the Seven Kings of Jinn."

What? Ari's eyes widened. The first of the Lilif Jinn was her grandmother?

Luca gave a huff of amusement. "You thought the Kings had no mother?"

"Well..." she flushed with embarrassment. "I thought they were... that Azazil..."

"Bore them himself?" he smirked.

Feeling stupid Ari shrugged. "I just thought he created them from stars or something. Isn't that how these mythical stories usually go?"

"Not this one. The Seven Kings were created the good old fashioned way."

Contemplating that, Ari stared back up at the painting. "What happened to her?"

"There are many legends about Lilif's disappearance." Luca's face darkened. "I don't care which is true, I'm just glad she's gone. A being that could create something as malicious as the Lilif Jinn ought not to be allowed to wander freely."

Luca's bitterness was palpable; the metallic tang of it so heavy in the air Ari could almost taste it. She didn't know how to respond to it. What should she say? What could she say? Part of her sympathized with him and the other part of her deplored the way he'd treated Jai.

"I love my wife very much," Luca suddenly said, breaking the icy silence. "I always have. I only ever wanted her until Jai's mother hunte-"

"Don't," Ari stopped him. She didn't want his sob story. Not after everything Jai had told her.

Luca glanced down at her, his expression unreadable. Finally it seemed he decided to ignore her. "Her name was Nuala. She'd begun to stalk a wealthy Jinn, a businessman from Orange County, a family man. He came to me for protection and Nuala decided I presented the greater challenge. No matter how I felt, how willing she could make you under her violent lust, it was rape," his voice hardened. "Do you know how difficult it is for a man to admit to being raped? A strong man like me?"

"As difficult as it is for a strong woman to," Ari replied not unkindly.

Luca's lips curled up at the corners. "Touche."

"I'm sorry for what happened to you. I am. But how you treat Jai... how you allow him to be treated... he deserves better."

Eyeing her carefully Luca sighed. "I'm very proud of the man Jai has become. But I believe his strict upbringing made him the man he is today."

Ari guffawed, "Strict upbringing? Why not call it what it was? Abuse. Pure and simple."

Jai's father's eyes hardened. "My father was a harsh task master and I promised myself I wouldn't be like that with my own children and I wasn't. And look what I'm left with. Soft, lazy sons, one of whom will likely be arrested for sexual assault if he's not lucky. But not Jai." Luca shook his head, his eyes bright. "My father was right. Jai may not have received affection and mollycoddling as a child, but what he did receive proved far more valuable. He is the best guardian I have. When once I was pitied to have been burdened with him, now I am envied and respected for having raised him. Lack of affection and discipline makes him a better man. A better son."

Ari gaped a little stupidly at him, unable to believe what she was hearing. Fury blasted through her at his twisted outlook. Another selfish father too uncaring to see what his own needs and wants were costing his child. Fierce protectiveness for Jai washed over her despite everything. If nothing else, he was still her friend. "You selfish son-of-a-bitch," Ari whispered hoarsely, enjoying the anger in Luca's eyes, feeding off of it. "He became a good man and a brilliant guardian despite your attempts to crush him. He is who he is despite your spineless need to reassure a bitter and heartless woman like your wife. Who he is has nothing to do with you, so don't you dare try to take credit for that." She was shaking with adrenaline from the confrontation but the words had felt good spilling from her mouth. Waiting, her body tensed for action, Ari watched Luca's changing expression.

To her surprise the anger her words caused melted out of his taut features rather quickly and was replaced by stern concern. "I didn't tell you all this to be lectured, young woman. I told you this because I see the way you two look at one another and I'm warning you, if you care anything for my son you will back the hell off."

Ari's head snapped back in surprise.

Luca nodded, eager to continue. "If Jai crosses the line with you, a client, a Jinn with great importance, he would be so disappointed in himself and so would I. And we both know how much Jai does not like to disappoint his father." His eyes sparked with deviousness and Ari realized how much this man saw and how manipulative he was, using what he saw and bending it to his own purposes. "I don't want him involved with you. I don't want my tribe dragged into this war and I don't want our reputation shredded into tatters. If Jai dares to have any kind of relationship with you other than that of guardian/client he will damage his relationship with me irreparably. Understood?"

Ari took a step back, not wanting to even breathe the same air as him. "I understand perfectly. You know, until this morning I had been thinking that Jai misunderstood you, that somehow you weren't as bad as he thought. But I know different now. You are terrible. You're a selfish, selfish man. But rest assured." She held her palms up in surrender. "There is nothing going on between your son and I, and he will never cross that line." Her eyes filled with unexpected tears. "You've damaged him too much." And with that she turned on her heel, her earlier resolve to distance herself from Jai even stronger. When the time was right, she had to believe she'd meet a guy who would love her enough to put her before his own demons. Charlie was not that guy. And Ari knew Jai never would be either. Heart breaking a little, Ari walked through the aching pain slicing in lightning shards across her chest. She was so sick of this. So sick of being cornered and hunted in one way or another. First Jai himself, this morning. Now his father. It was time to turn the tables. It was time to become the hunter.

"Ari!"

She spun around, watching Charlie jog towards her from the training room. His eyes were bright, his pupils huge as though he'd just had a hit. A momentary panic rushed through her at the thought of Charlie doing drugs again, but then she realized it was a side effect of his magic use. Her heart slowed a little. "Hey."

"I've been looking all over for you. Did Luca tell you?"

"Tell me what?" she frowned.

"We found The Guild that's hunting Dali. We're flying out to meet them tomorrow."

Her muscles tightened and Ari felt a calm surety flood slowly over her.

Finally.

18 - A Knife in the Hand and Love in the Other

Having waited in his father's private rooms - rooms that had been transformed from torture chambers to the far more pleasing sitting room and bedroom - The Red King finally found himself standing at the bottom of the Sultan's dais in the grand mirrored hall that was created to confuse and overawe. Barefoot and dressed in robes that would please Azazil, The Red King flicked a glance at Asmodeus as he waited for his father's response. Asmodeus stood at the side of Azazil's throne, taller than even The Red King at an impressive 6 ft9. His hard, hewn but young face was dark with displeasure, his black eyes staring straight ahead. Always dressed in unbroken black, Asmodeus was Azazil's intimidating dark knight. His lieutenant. A prince among Jinn. Red wondered how Ari would react to Asmodeus if ever they were to meet, and unfamiliar part of him hoped that they never did meet. It was bad enough she was being tossed to and fro between Azazil and The White King. Azazil was still deciding what would make better entertainment and The White King never veered from his focus to draw her to him to use her powers against their father. And now White had found Ari and paid her a visit. Red's fists clenched a little before he could stop them. If something had happened... he should have put that protection spell around her. He had promised. What did she think now? Did she no longer trust him? Surely that was something Azazil wished to avoid?

The Sultan smiled benignly down at him from his place on his throne. Today his long white hair hung loose over his shoulders and Red could see a strand was dark with scarlet. It was blood. Azazil sometimes streaked his hair with the blood of his victims as a way to intimidate his Shaitans and everyone else. "Relax. Having no children of your own, Red, you do not understand the bond a father has with his child. Although he would hate to think so, I know my son well. I told you White would not do anything rash after what he did to Ari's human parent. He learns from his mistakes. He was impatient and angry and killing the human got him nowhere. Now he is just playing mind games with her. It's time we did the same. You have two tasks ahead of you."

"Master?"

"First you must convince Ari to trust us. Lie. Tell her that of course we put protection around her; that a spy within your household told White where Ari was and White told her there was no protection to make her distrust us."

Seeing the logic in that and believing he could pull it off, Red nodded. "And what else, Father?"

"Well." Azazil shrugged and shot a look at Asmodeus who still looked like he'd swallowed a whole chicken. "The White King did us a favor getting rid of Derek. He's started Ari on a wonderful journey to isolation. He wants her to have no one to turn to but him. We want her to have no one to turn to but us, so let us concentrate on Charlie. He's still too close to the girl for my liking. Send in someone surreptitiously to teach the boy to use his powers. The more he uses the more addicted he'll become and the more determined he'll be to exact his revenge. There's a possibility this will drive him and Ari apart completely. We'll just have to see."

Red nodded, agreeing with that. Ari would be furious with Charlie, knowing that his revenge would cost him a trial in Jinn Court and most probably a sentence to death. But Charlie wasn't ready to give up and Red trusted the magic would fuel his need.

"Now," Azazil's eyes glinted sharply under the bright light of the room, "Is there anyone else we can use to make Ari feel all alone?"

An image of Jai and Ari filled Red's mind. Although Jai's feelings for Ari were not quite as clear, it was clear to Red that Ari loved her guardian. Jai could be a useful tool in manipulating Ari. Shuttering his gaze, Red shook his head. "No, Master. No one else."

A grunt from Asmodeus distracted Azazil and both son and father turned to look at the lieutenant. With a nasty sneer on his face he stepped back, disappearing into the Peripatos.

Azazil looked back at Red with a casual shrug. "He's in a bad mood. I've been cleaning up after that bad mood for ten years."

For not the first time, perhaps even the millionth, The Red King found that he was curious over Asmodeus. He was the most temperamental, mercurial Jinn, Red had ever met and that was saying a lot considering who Red's father was. His father. Red eyed Azazil, fear and love, a strange but powerful mix within him. Red had lived a thousand lifetimes and he'd been taught one important fact. Azazil was the balance of all things. His roots were tangled deep within the worlds and his actions were impressed profoundly upon them. When someone as powerful as Asmodeus (and not many beings were) created unforeseen havoc, Azazil was the only one who could balance it out if he so chose. For the most part, Azazil did try to balance out Asmodeus' violent outbursts and the consequences of them. Then again sometimes Azazil joined him. Musing over Asmodeus' latest bad mood, The Red King wondered just what terrible things the lieutenant had been up to and what Azazil had had to do to fix it. Indeed, the only other Jinn capable of creating such a shift in balance was Red and his brothers, and even White would not make the catastrophic shifts in the balance that Asmodeus did. Red wasn't sure if that was out of a sense of wishing to assist the natural order of things, or if White just didn't do anything too big that would draw Azazil's attention and clue their father in on what his wayward son was up to.

The Red King snorted inwardly. He suspected his father always knew. Everything.

19 - Dreams are Truer than You

Sandwiched between Charlie and Jai, Ari kept her eyes closed, concentrating on the music from her earphones as it wrapped around her and offered her a sense of separateness. Her body's own awareness of both guys fought her indifference, but she tried to stay relaxed, pretending to both of them that she had given up on caring about them. All her focus was now on finding Dali. That's all that mattered. She was determined that that was all that mattered. She just had to endure the hour it took to fly from L.A. to Arizona where the Roe Guild, the hybrid Jinn hunters tracking Dali, was waiting for them.

Ari ignored the nervous churning in her stomach. Everything felt off. Not that she wasn't glad to leave the Bitars behind. They didn't have the greatest energy, and they really were just a painful reminder that Jai would rather placate people who abused him than take a chance on someone who genuinely cared about him. Her conscience stuck her tongue out at the guardian sitting on her left. Jai did have one redeeming quality, however, and that would be his best friend. Ari had been surprisingly sad to say goodbye to Trey. She hoped they saw each other soon. He was one of the few people Ari had ever felt instantly connected to and he was so easy to talk to even if his last words had been for her to not give up on Jai. Well, too late. He'd made his choice, and now Ari was making hers.

The choice to hunt those that hunted her would have been easier to make if Ari believed she could count on her uncle. The Red King had appeared before they'd left and Ari wasn't quite sure what to make of him...

... "You're not talking to me?" her uncle made a face that was comical on his giant-sized intimidating self.

Ari narrowed her eyes on him. "You said you'd put a protection enchantment around me. You lied."

Red held up his hands in defense. "I did," he insisted, his blue eyes guileless. "I'm sorry my brother was able to find you, Ari. In a way, it was my fault. I had a spy in my household, a Shaitan I trusted. He overheard a conversation between Azazil and I and he told White where to find you. It rendered the enchantment useless."

Standing there, scrutinizing his innocence, Ari realized she didn't know if she trusted him. Perhaps he was just an excellent liar. Was he good enough to fake that warmth in his eyes when he looked at her? Like he was fond of her? In the end, Ari knew that trust him or not she didn't trust anyone else so... he'd have to do for now.

"OK."

He grinned. "We're cool?"

Sighing heavily Ari nodded.

Getting serious, The Red King got right down to business. "I've spoken with Jai already. The Roe Guild are well-known, have a good reputation. A team from The Guild is hunting Dali, they have been for months. Apparently he's an excellent bank robber and has a small but growing criminal organization, that's why he had humans so readily available to do his dirty work. Anyway, Jai says Luca has called ahead and the team has given us their address in Phoenix where they last tracked Dali. Like Luca, Nicki, and Tarik, The Guild has been sworn to secrecy over your real identity. They know the penalty if they break that vow."

Ari gulped, hating to be the cause of such a threat. "So I meet up with these guys and they lead me to Dali?"

"They're very good at finding half-breeds, Ari, and once you give them new information I think they'll find him for you."

"New information?"

"The Roe Guild is unaware that Dali has changed his M.O. Before, he knocked over banks. Now, he's just gunning for you. This harmal concoction Jai spoke about... I think this is the key. It's the only way Jinn could get near you without you commanding him to your will. Dali had to have experimented with the harmal on actual Jinn. When you get to Arizona tell the Roe's about the harmal, tell them to check in and see if there have been a bout of missing Jinn recently. If you find a pattern it could lead you to Dali"

Ari nodded, feeling sick at the thought. "That makes sense. I'll tell them. Thanks."

Red cocked his head at the way she hesitated over the 'thanks'. He smiled sadly. "You can trust me you know."

Ari smiled back at him. "I'm getting there." Kinda...

... with everything that had happened in the last few days Ari's mind drifted into sleep behind her closed eyes. The plane disappeared, the feel of Charlie's thigh pressing against hers in the tight confines of the plane disappeared, and the exotic smell of Jai sitting so close on her other side melted away. Ari found herself standing in what looked like a large cavern. The smell of wet metal and salted sand was overwhelming and completely disorientating. Ari whirled around, her eyes adjusting to the dark of the cavern, her heart pounding as she tried to find a shaft of light that would lead to the exit. Water lapped somewhere in the distance, an ominous swish that was soon drowned out by the tempo of Ari's heart. Where was she?

Where am I?

The crash of water and a roar of fury had Ari spinning around again, and her eyes widened at the sight of two enflamed beings flying towards her. They crashed with a grunt, and the flames flickered back out and up into the cavern, casting light all around them. Eyes catching the trail of long dark hair in the sand, Ari ran towards the familiar Jinn, who lay sprawled on the ground beneath a massive male Jinn. The full mouth and tip-tilted eyes told Ari it was the woman again. Lilif? But the Jinn holding her down...? Try as Ari might, she couldn't see his face. She saw his strong arms, his long powerful hands encircling the female's neck, his huge thighs straddling her small hips, pinning her to the ground. But anytime Ari tried to make out his features they just blurred together until her eyes nipped with the strain.

Gasping, Ari stumbled back as the male Jinn emitted this awesome pulse of power, like a pocket of air blasting her backwards. Glancing down at the way he flexed his hands, Ari felt fear choke her, inexplicable fear for the woman as blood streamed from her eyes.

"I am sorry," the male Jinn told her softly. "You are savage in your chaos. It should be glorious but it is not - not even to me. Instead you are catastrophic. I cannot chance you to exist as you are any longer."

She whimpered beneath him, her bloody eyes pleading with him. Ari watched him shake his head.

"I cannot kill you." He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "You were born to upset the balance of things, Lilif. It is your way. But left within your hands, your destiny would cause such a shift that even Azazil the lover of destruction cannot allow your destiny to remain in your control. You will live your destiny my way." He lifted a long finger to stroke her smooth cheek. "Forgive me."

A yell of disbelief escaped Ari before she could stop it as the Jinn removed his hands from around Lilif's neck only to punch a hole below her left breast with his otherworldly fist. He withdrew the bleeding hand with a sickening, squishy wrench that made Lilif's entire body collapse limp and lifeless. Lying in the palm of the male Jinn's hand was a glowing ball of ember, pulsing with power and promise.

"Ari, wake up."

The ember seemed to pulse at her, knocking her back, pushing at her shoulder.

"Ari."

It kept coming for her. "No."

"Ari. Wake. Up."

Her eyes flew open, her breath coming in gasping pants. She saw a strange man looking down at her with a frown on his face as he lifted his bag down from the overhead luggage compartment. Blinking rapidly, Ari turned to Jai. "We're here?"

Her guardian frowned at her, his eyes seeming even more vivid in the dim light of the plane. "Are you OK?"

"Yeah." She shrugged off his concern and turned to tell Charlie to let her out. Instead her friend just stared at her. "What?"

"You were having a nightmare," Charlie said quietly, his dark eyes glittering with worry and love. "You sure you're OK?"

"It was a bad dream, that's all."

"You want to talk about it?" Charlie shot a look at Jai and she realized they were tag-teaming her. When did this happen?

"Yeah, that'd be great." She sneered, standing up, irritation from the dream and general lack of sleep eating away at her patience. "And then we can all eat ice cream together and take turns doing each other's hair."

At the sound of two long-suffering sighs, Ari pushed past Charlie, not sure she could restrain herself from clunking their heads together.

20 - Rumor Told Me Not to Like You

The house in Scottsdale was huge. They'd passed similar ones in the sparse, affluent neighborhood, all built with Arizona Stone. Most of them were carefully designed to blend into the surroundings and yet still offer up a feeling of space and laid-back wealth with their palatial arches, pillared columns, fancy pond-like pools and cool flag-stoned flooring running from outside to inside. The Roe's were renting this place while they were out in Arizona. Since there were fifteen of them, they'd have to rent something that could accommodate them all. And accommodate them in style apparently.

"We better go in before they mistake us for weirdos," Charlie said from the backseat of the rental car.

Jai grunted. "Mistake?"

Charlie snorted.

Ari quirked an eyebrow. Charlie's snort was a 'laugh with' not 'laugh at' kind of snort. Were Charlie and Jai getting along? Uncomfortable with the two of them getting along when she wasn't getting along with either of them, Ari frowned. "Try not to tell them about Ms. Maggie. I think it'll just freak them out to know she's there and they can't see her."

"Amen. Why couldn't it have been kept from me?" Charlie asked teasingly, his attempts to brighten her mood obvious and annoying since they only made her feel guilty.

Instead of acknowledging the comment Jai nodded. "Agreed. We keep Ms. Maggie a secret. The less people know we have her as extra protection the better."

Well, he'd certainly changed his tune about her poltergeist. Without looking at him, Ari asked with a slightly antagonistic clip to her words, "How come you never told me you talked to Ms. Maggie through the telepathy?"

"It never came up."

"Well?"

"Well what?" Jai frowned, impatience eating into his tone. Clearly her bad mood was starting to wear on him.

"What does she sound like?"

"A woman."

Ari threw him a look of irritation. "You know you're so eloquent and articulate it really makes me feel intellectually inadequate, Jai."

Charlie snorted again.

Jai ignored them both and got out of the car making Ari feel like a twelve year old. The fact that she was acting like one hadn't escaped her and only made her feel worse. Even Charlie rubbing her shoulder reassuringly and saying, "I thought it was funny," didn't help any. With an exaggerated sigh she got out of the car and into the thick air outside.

"Why is it hot everywhere we go?" Charlie grumbled as he got out of the car, shrugging out of the check shirt he wore over his red Silversuns Pickup t-shirt. "I envy you and your weird lizard-like temperature control right now. Can we go somewhere cold and wet next time?"

Jai pulled the bags out of the trunk of the car, slinging Ari's over his shoulder. He threw Charlie's at him as he said, "I envy you and your lack of awareness," he threw a pointed look at Ari's drawn features, "Stop talking."

"You ever think your taciturnity is the reason she's in a bad mood?"

"You ever think it's because you're a dumbass who made a wish."

"You ever think-"

"You ever think of shutting up?" Ari snapped, grabbing her back pack from Jai and striding away from them up to the front door. In actuality she was glad the two of them were sniping at one another again. At least some things didn't change.

Before Ari could even raise a hand to knock, one of the double doors was wrenched open and a cute girl with choppy dark hair stood smirking at her. She ran her dark brown eyes over Ari, her arms crossing over her chest as she cocked her hip. The girl could be Ari's age or maybe even a little younger - it was hard to tell because she was short and cute. As if she knew just how cute she was and was appalled by the adjective, the girl wore thick black eyeliner and a ton of mascara to make her eyes huge and dramatic. A tiny silver stud pierced her nose and Ari could make out at least six piercings along her left ear as the breeze blew her flyaway hair back. The grungy t-shirt she wore was too tight and the skinny jeans with a chain attached to the belt patterned with skulls and crossbones all growled, 'call me cute and die'.

The girl lifted her dark gaze from Ari's plain grey tank top and low slung jeans. Pink toe nails peeked out from her bright green flip flops. The dry amusement on the girl's face changed as their eyes met. "Whoa, check out those eyes."

The comment was a painful reminder of home where everyone was used to Ari's ever-changing eye color. Anytime some had asked, 'You know that Ari Johnson girl right?' it was followed by a, 'the girl with the eyes?' Now she had to start all over again and defend a feature that she didn't know how to defend. She shrugged at the girl. "It's because I'm Jinn."

"Rub your full-blooded status into the face of a girl whose blood is so diluted she's more of a fifth-breed than a half-breed why don't cha."

"Huh?"

The girl's eyes widened as they lifted over Ari's shoulder. Even as she licked her lips at the sight of the two young men coming towards the house, the girl managed to reply, "The Guilds. We're like descendants to hybrids. Hardly any of us have a full-blooded Jinn for a parent. Except my dad. Who are these two?" She jerked her head.

Ari didn't need to turn around. She was so aware of both guys she felt their presence as they came to a stop behind her. "This is Jai." She bobbed a head over her left shoulder. "And Charlie." Head bob over her right shoulder. "But today you can call them Ass and Hat."

A throaty laugh purred from the back of the girl's throat and she sent Ari an appreciative smile as she held her small hand out. Every finger was covered in rings, her wrists roped with bracelets, and she wore three gemstone necklaces around her neck. Girl likes her jewelry. "I'm Fallon Roe." She stepped back after Ari had clasped her cool hand. "Come on in, Ari Johnson." She nodded at Charlie and Jai as they greeted her. "Come on in, Ass, Hat."

The hallway felt more like a sun room, three huge arches leading off to other parts of the house. At the sounds of footsteps approaching from the left hallway Ari stepped in front of Jai and Charlie. It was time she started taking control of situations. After all, this was all about her.

Long legs rounded the corner followed by an attractive older brunette who could be anywhere between twenty eight and thirty eight years old. At her side was an equally tall guy with dark eyes and the same pointed chin as Fallon. Fallon gestured to them. "Ari, this is my Aunt Megan and Uncle Gerard. They lead this team hunting Dali along with Jacob, the elder supervising."

"Nice to meet you," they murmured but Ari noted their wary distance. Uh oh. She had a bad feeling about this.

As if sensing her unease, Megan offered a small smile. "The rest of the team is gathered in the main sitting room. Come meet them."

Keeping close to Jai and Charlie, Ari followed the threesome through the air-conditioned and sparse hallways that spoke of the building's status as a rental, and into a huge open room. A massive corner sofa took up one end of the room and a large entertainment system sat in front of it. At the other end was a huge walk-in fireplace with a woodburner and flue. It was clean with disuse. A large dining room and chairs took up space at the back of the sofa and armchairs sat in the space in front of the fire. The far wall was made entirely out of glass and Ari could see out into a beautifully landscaped back garden with a pool right out back, a waterfall spilling into it from the rocks that formed a wall around one side of it.

Scattered on the sofa and standing uncomfortably in many of the empty spaces of the overly large room was the team members. All fifteen of them. Heart pounding, Ari's eyes washed over each one of them and felt her stomach begin to knot, those evil little gremlins taking up knitting inside of her just to torture her. The expressions on hunters' faces varied from suspicion, unease and wariness.

They are not happy to see me, Ari telepathed to Jai, trying to keep her nerves out of her voice.

They're just unsure. Give them a minute, he reassured her and she felt him step closer to her. Charlie followed suit and Ari hated how much their presence eased her.

"Ari," Gerard grabbed her attention, "Let me introduce you. Guys, this is Ari and..." he shot a questioning look at Charlie.

"Oh, I'm Charlie." He nodded coolly at them all. He jerked a thumb in Jai's direction. "That's Jai, Ari's guardian."

"Jai." Gerard held out a deferential hand to him and Jai shook it firmly. "I've heard all about you. You're very well respected among your people. It's a pleasure to have you here."

In her bad mood it took everything Ari had not to feel churlish that Jai was greeted so pleasantly. OK, maybe a little churlishness crept in.

"Guys, this is Jai." Gerard swept a hand out to the room. "Jai, Ari, Charlie, this is fifteen members of The Roe Guild of New Jersey. Starting on the far left of the sofa is Jack Hollis. Then Bryleigh and her husband Scott Becke. Jacob Ballendine, our elder and supervisor. He's also Bryleigh's father. Over by the dining table is Susan Roe and her brother Aidan - my cousins. Over there is James Becke, Scott's brother, and beside him Ailidh Ballendine, Bryleigh's older sister. Right here is Anabeth Hollis and her twin brothers Matt and Callum. They're also Jack's little cousins. And finally, standing next to my wife is Brechin Ballendine, Jacob's nephew."

Did you get any of that? Ari asked Jai, completely overwhelmed.

Yes, but I'm trained to note the details.

Smart ass.

As if sensing how overwhelmed she was, Fallon smirked at her. "There isn't a test or anything. If one of us talks to you just politely ask, 'who the hell are you again?'"

Ari grinned at her gratefully. Fallon was the only one so far not acting like they'd just let a leper into their community. The girl's dry sense of humor and ease around Ari made her feel more confident. These people were afraid of her, of what she was capable of. Well, they didn't know squat about her and the new Ari was fed up of people trying to intimidate her into acting the way they wanted her to. She stepped forward away from the security of Jai and Charlie's nearness and drew her shoulders back, eyeing the group of people whose ages ranged from late teens to early fifties. Sensing a particularly strong amount of power from Gerard and the older man called Jacob, Ari directed her words at them. "I need to find Dali as soon as possible and I've heard you've run out of leads here in Phoenix. That's probably because he's changed his M.O. Dali wants me, not money. And the only way to get me is to incapacitate me. We were attacked by his human lackeys." Ari drew breath, taking her time, projecting control and calm. "They tried to take out my guardian with a drug containing harmal harnessed as a paralytic. The Red King believes Dali had to be experimenting on real Jinn to perfect this drug and that he'd most likely choose human-living Jinn since they're not as strong, thus easier to kidnap. I think you should start there. See if there have been any reports in the US lately - a pattern - that might lead us to him."

The Roe's stared at her a moment too long, seeming a little stupefied by her take-charge attitude. Finally Jacob strode forward. "I'll call it in, see what we can find."

"Thank you."

He nodded politely at her, the expression on his weather-beaten face now a war between wary and curiosity. "Fallon will show you to your rooms."

"I think there must be something about this outfit that says 'Bellhop'," Fallon complained lightly, easing past her aunt and crooking a finger at Ari and her companions to follow.

You did good, Jai told her softly.

They're scared of me.

They'll come around.

Not so sure and feeling more upset being around two people who knew her so well as to know how upsetting she'd find people not liking her before they even knew her, Ari was glad when Fallon dropped Charlie and Jai off at the room they'd be sharing with the twins and led her to a smaller room right at the back of the house. The room was small, but it had a gorgeous patio door that led right out to the pool.

"You're sharing with me." Fallon collapsed back onto one of the twin beds. "I hope you don't mind."

"No, it's fine. It's good." Eyeing the pale walls and colorless bare room, it was any wonder that the collection of jewels and silver on the whitewashed dresser caught Ari's attention. "You have a lot of jewelry."

Fallon bounced up off the bed and strode over to the necklaces and bracelets, fingering them lovingly. "They're talismans. The metals and stones fuel my energy, my magic."

"Oh. That makes sense."

Fallon grinned wryly at her as Ari dumped her bag on the spare bed. "You're not at all what I was expecting."

"Question mark?" It was something Rachel used to say in the tenth grade when she didn't quite understand something. Ari had no idea what made her say it then. Homesickness maybe.

Chuckling, Fallon shook her head, spikes of dark hair flying around her oval face. "When we were told about you, we were like whoa... so don't mind the scaredy-cats out in the sitting room. I thought you'd be like... I don't know... freaky-looking. Then you and those guys turn up looking like the cast of a hit vampire TV show and blew my preconceptions all to hell. You're eighteen, right?"

"Yeah."

"Me too. Is the guy?"

Ari frowned. "What guy?"

"Silversuns t-shirt guy. He's hot. I mean, so is the other guy - if you're into that stern-faced, bad-ass reputation, outrageously good-looking type. I prefer the unkempt hottie with the tattoo."

At the thought of Fallon and Charlie hooking up, Ari's stomach clenched. She didn't know if it was just that her body was so used to reacting like that, or if a part of her was still jealous at the thought of Charlie being with another girl. Surely not.

Her continued silence made Fallon frown. "Is there a thing there? Between you two?"

"Not anymore. No." Ari shook her head and at Fallon's disbelieving look, she shrugged weakly. "It's complicated."

"So I should back off?"

If Ari told the girl to back off and that got back to Charlie, he'd surely get the wrong message. No. It was time to finally let him go. "No. Charlie's free to date whoever he wants. He's just going through something right now so tread carefully."

"The sorcerer thing?"

Ari's mouth fell open. "The Red King told you?"

Fallon shrugged. "It's no big deal. We're just keeping an eye on him. Actually, when you think about it, he's in the best place he can be. Here he can learn to control his abilities."

"I'm not sure that was the idea," Ari argued, worry eating at her despite her promise not to care what Charlie did with his life. "It's better if he doesn't use his magic too much."

"Well, you're the boss I guess, but I would have thought you'd want him controlling it not it controlling him."

Feeling annoyed at being questioned, Ari turned away to look out at the tranquil pool. It looked so inviting. "He's learning to control his defensive magic. That should do for now."

"He should learn how to use talismans, Ari. Magic within someone who's got human blood is a powerful thing. It can be a like a drug if you don't learn to control the psychological effects of having it in your system."

"You don't understand what he wants it for. If you did, you'd agree with me."

"Does he want to use his magic?"

Ari curled a lip. "Of course he does. He made a wish to get it."

"Well, he looks like a big boy to me. He can make up his own mind."

Turning her head to stare impassively at Fallon, Ari was inwardly amazed by Fallon's casualness towards the whole thing. And then she remembered it was because Fallon didn't know Charlie enough to know he had an addictive nature. She didn't know him well enough to care.

And wasn't that how Ari was supposed to be acting now. "You know what? You're right."

Fallon smirked. "Enough hottie talk. Let's eat."

"Now?" those nervous gremlins did synchronized knit right loops in her stomach. She'd only just gotten there and now she was expected to sit down for dinner with people who, if not actively disliked her, were afraid of her.

"Relax. It's not like we're going to eat you." Fallon strode from the room and Ari could do nothing but follow. Instead of sitting around the dining room in the main sitting room, Fallon led Ari into the biggest kitchen she'd ever seen. Crisp white units, stainless steel and slate tiling gave the room an ultra-modern, crisp, clean, but cold look. An island in the middle of the room was covered in chopped up vegetables, cutlery and a wok, and at the far end of the room was a huge kitchen table with benches. Seated around the table was the entire team, including Jai and Charlie. Jai was talking to a pretty girl around Ari's age who was grinning so widely at him she reminded Ari of the Cheshire Cat. She giggled at something he said and Jai smirked. Ari eyed the girl's red hair and decided there and then she no longer cared for red-heads.

"Hey." Charlie smiled warmly up at her as she approached the table with Fallon. Fallon took the empty space on his left so Ari squeezed in next to him on the right. "You OK?" he asked under his breath as she got settled.

She glanced up from under her lashes to eyes shifting warily back and forth between the people they were talking to and her. A hush fell over the table as they all stopped talking, their bodies stiff with tension. A scowl found a place on her forehead but she managed a nod to ease Charlie's concerns.

"I hope you like stir-fry." A young woman with dark hair and blue eyes smiled weakly down at Ari as she passed plates along the table.

"Well if I don't, I'll just command you to make something else," she answered dryly, too exhausted to play nice.

Fallon choked on her gulp of water as everyone froze.

Ari rolled her eyes. "Kidding."

"She is kidding," Jai assured them, casting an admonishing look her way. "Ari has never used her ability against an innocent."

"Well, there was that baby who wouldn't stop drooling on me."

Someone gasped.

Jai sighed heavily and turned fully towards her, leaning around one of the guys. "What has gotten in to you?"

Feeling as if he'd slapped her, Ari's cheeks burned with humiliation. "Don't talk to me like I'm a child."

"Stop acting like one."

"Jai, back off," Charlie intervened. "Not here."

Jai snapped back in his seat. "She's not usually like this," he assured the team.

Irritation at his constant high-handedness flashed through her. "Don't apologize for me," she growled. "They're acting like I'm going to hurt them or something. It's been a really long couple of weeks." Stupid, weak tears began to burn her eyes. "I've lost a lot and yes it's inadvertently my fault but I am not a bad person and I won't be treated like some escaped mass murderer."

"Well said." Fallon grinned, her eyes washing over her companions. "You can all stop acting like dufus' now. Straight from the horse's mouth - she's not going to use her ability against us. Bread roll?" she offered a basket of them to Ari and Charlie.

Ari smiled gratefully and took one. "I'm sorry." She sighed, looking back up at the group who were shifting around uncomfortably now, traces of guilt in some (but not all) of their eyes. "I'm not usually... so vocal... I'm just... I just really want to find this guy."

"Right there with you." Jacob nodded from the head of the table. "I phoned Michael." Ari felt Charlie stiffen next to her at the name. "Michael is Fallon's father and The Roe Guild leader. He's going to look into the kidnappings for us and get back to us as soon as possible. For now, eat, get some rest, and tomorrow will be a brand new day."

Grateful for the reassuring smile the elder gave her, Ari nodded her thanks and held her plate up to the young woman who'd asked about the stir-fry.

"Bryleigh is our best cook." Fallon nodded at the blue-eyed woman.

"Thank you." Ari took her now full plate back from Bryleigh and waited for everyone else to get served. As soon as everyone was seated they all began to eat, the noise of conversation growing louder as they talked and laughed among one another, shouting down the table, and relaxing more as they forgot to be afraid of Ari. An ache of longing rippled across Ari's chest as she watched them, a creeping hollow feeling ripping open in its wake as she thought about Derek. Neither of them had had that growing up - the big family. It might have been nice. As her gaze slowly drifted over the group it finally snagged on Jai's eyes. He was staring at her, his expression seeming to say he was sorry and that he understood. Hating his mind-reading skills and his earlier behavior, Ari frowned at him and he looked away, returning to the distracting girl next to him who Ari had discovered was called Anabeth. She was the twins' sister. Anabeth flashed her pearly whites at Jai again and placed a hand on his forearm as she leaned in to tell him something.

Thinking unkind thoughts, Ari glanced quickly away only to stumble inwardly over Jack Hollis. An older member of the team, Jack ate his meal quietly, not looking up to engage in conversation but happy to remain withdrawn from the rest of the group. Ari felt a tug on the back of her shirt and glanced around Charlie's back to find Fallon leaning around him.

"Jack doesn't talk much," Fallon whispered, clearly having been aware of Ari's people watching. "He distanced himself since his wife was killed by a Ghulah."

Flinching, Ari remembered her own fight with a Ghulah in Roswell a few weeks back.

The Jinn's female facade smiled up at her sweetly, her mouth covered in gore from where she'd been eating the boys. To Ari's horror, her jaw elongated unnaturally, revealing huge sharp teeth. Ari closed her eyes, shutting out the image of blood and flesh dripping from the Ghulah's mouth.

"That's awful," Ari murmured, feeling instant empathy for the man.

"Yeah," Fallon agreed and for once the hint of irony she managed to attach to every word was missing. "He's a good hunter though." She slid back in her seat and asked Charlie something in a low voice. Whatever he said made her grin and he chuckled at her impish smile. When he reached for a glass of water, Ari caught his expression and was surprised by the look in his eyes. It was a look of appreciation for a pretty girl. It was a look of happy relaxation. Warmth flooded Ari, a strange mix of jealousy and relief taking hold of her as she imagined him moving on and being content with life. She so wanted that for him. Not this. Not a doomed relationship/fragile friendship, blood and revenge.

Sighing inwardly, Ari reached for another bread roll, her fingers colliding with one of the twins'. She didn't have time to wonder whether it was Callum or Matt. She was too busy yelping in pain as a blast of magic flew up her arm like an electric shock. Cradling her injured arm and biting back pain, Ari barely registered Jai crashing to his feet, plates clattering and a few glasses spilling with the movement. However, through the pain Ari felt the crackle of power surge in the air, a glow the color of ember radiating out from Jai's hand into a swiftly moving arc that rippled the air. Everyone but Ari and Charlie were pushed back from the enchantment, their bodies bumping against the now invisible force. Ari's stunned eyes lifted to Jai. He was trembling with fury, his own gaze on her cradled arm.

"I'm fine," she told him quietly, almost frightened by his intensity and the power he had at his fingertips. Somehow she tended to forget he was a full-blooded and very strong Jinn. Swallowing loudly Ari chanced a glance at the twins who glared at her with fear in their eyes. "I don't think he meant it."

"I didn't," the twin who'd blasted her insisted, his wary eyes flickering between Jai and Ari before stopping on Jacob who looked as furious as Jai. "She just startled me. She makes me nervous."

"She has a name," Charlie growled from beside her and she felt his hand press protectively on the base of her spine.

"It's OK." Ari pulled away from him. Perhaps her sarcastic jokes earlier really had pushed these guys too far. They hated her. "He didn't mean it." The rest of the family looked unsure. Some glared at the young man, including Fallon, while others held sympathy in their expressions. "I really am sorry if I make you nervous. I don't know how else to assure you that I have no intention of using my particular ability against you. The Seal isn't something anyone should meddle with which is exactly why I'm here...To stop a dangerous person from attempting to use it. A dark sorcerer. So." She winced, flexing her fingers and checking her arm was still functioning. "I'd really appreciate it if you all stopped looking at me like I just pulled a shotgun on you. Last time I'm saying it."

Gerard Roe stepped back from his place at the table, drawing all attention to him. "It won't happen again, I promise. Callum apologize."

So it was Callum who'd hurt her. His face softened even though his brother Matt still gazed at her with half-lidded, paranoid eyes. "I really am sorry. It definitely won't happen again."

"Jai, if you'd care to drop the enchantment?" Gerard eyed him with unquestionable respect and admiration. Ari tried to mask similar feelings as her guardian looked at her again.

We can leave if you want.

Warmed by the suggestion Ari gave a slight shake of her head. No. We need them. And I'm OK, really. Thank you.

Jai's jaw unclenched and the whole room seemed to slump as he withdrew his magic and slowly settled back into his seat. Anabeth began cleaning up the spills around them with simpering flirtatiousness that set Ari's teeth on edge.

"You're such an idiot," Fallon said, drawing Ari's attention as she threw a roll at Callum. "Nervy much?"

Callum blushed. "Shut up."

And just like that the team resumed their meal, skirmish and magical use over.

Ari's arm still burned for the next few hours but at least when she got up to help clear the table she was rewarded with a warm smile from Bryleigh and conversation from Megan.

21 - No Ordinary Cowboys Herding Me to Revenge

It was in moments like these The Red King found himself annoyed, and that annoyance was directed solely within. As he stood in the dead of night by his brother, The Glass King, both of them looking upon the lifeless body of Jack Hollis, Red was perturbed by his own pretentious musings. How could he, a being possible of great feeling, feel absolutely nothing after helping aid in the murder of an innocent, and an innocent with Jinn ancestry? Often beguiled by humans, Red at once admired and sneered at their ability to feel pain at the loss of people they did not even know. To be capable of such feeling must be a wondrous but stupid thing indeed for surely you would feel constantly helpless in the face of so much tragedy.

Glancing up at his brother whose vibrant blue hair blew softly in the breeze, Red frowned. "You understand what is to be done?"

Glass gazed back at him with those cerulean blue eyes of his, his face so stern in its perfection it was as if it had been carved from marble. His deep voice rumbled into the deserted night. "I told you I would do whatever you needed me to; whatever I can to help you and father."

"Good. You better change before I get rid of the body," he reminded him as both their eyes returned to Jack's empty form. It had been quick, bloodless. No joy in this kill. But it was a necessity. For Azazil.

Immense power surged into the air. Red could feel its likeness in his own veins and watched calmly as Glass' body began to tremble. Shadows writhed under his skin, bones cracked and muscles pulled tight as he began to shrink in inches. Still tall, his classically handsome face bloated then sunk, bulged and popped, before snapping back into shape. His long cerulean hair began climbing the length of his body as if his skull were eating the strands, the color morphing with the shift to a dark muddy brown. His leather vest and trousers shimmered out of existence, replaced by a check shirt, worn jeans and army boots.

"How do I look?" Glass asked, his voice softer, accented.

"Like a Guild Hunter called Jack Hollis."

Glass quirked an unfamiliar eyebrow. "Then it's time to play."

That first night under the strange roof, sleeping in a twin bed across the room from a stranger, Ari didn't have the chance to struggle to fall asleep. Fallon talked so much she kept her awake the whole night. In under eight hours Ari learned that Fallon was a sarcastic, outgoing, optimist-wannabe-pessimist. She was an only child, loved and spoiled by her parents and large extended family. She'd lost friends, one cousin, and a grandfather to the job but had been brought up on ideals of The Guild. To die protecting people from wicked Jinn was an honor and something to be celebrated as heroic rather than mourned as tragic.

Growing up in New Jersey, Fallon hadn't really made friends outside of The Guild. It was too difficult to keep the life a secret and the fact that they travelled a lot raised too many questions when they brought in outsiders. People were only initiated into the group if they were going to marry a Guild member. Even then, the Guild member had to be certain their future wife or husband wouldn't immediately run to a shrink when the news that Jinn lived among them was broken to them. Fallon had tried out a serious relationship in school but had only ended up hurt when he dumped her for being distant and secretive. For the last few years, dating had been casual and fun. Nothing more. Until she met someone in 'the life' Fallon didn't want her relationships to be anything more than casual.

Ari also learned a lot about the other team members in Phoenix. Anabeth, the red-head with wandering hands, was a year older than Ari and Fallon, and according to Fallon she was a selfish, spoiled flirt. Her mother was also second generation Jinn so Anabeth was pretty powerful. Fallon did not get along with her. Her half-brothers, the twins, were usually pretty laid-back guys. Matt had a fiance back home in The Guild and Fallon had messed around with Callum a couple of times when they were bored. Fallon thought what he did to Ari at the dinner table was feeble and had decided to end their 'friends with benefits' situation almost immediately afterwards. Everyone else according to Fallon was pretty cool. Her aunt and uncle, and Susan and Aidan Roe - her cousins - were nice people. She didn't know James and Scott Becke all that well but she was getting to know Bryleigh, and Fallon thought she could be a pretty nice person if she stopped acting like she'd popped out of a magazine for Women of the '50s. Because Jacob was one of the elders of the Roe Guild, Fallon knew his kids Brechin and Ailidh Ballendine well. They were nice, but took everything very seriously. They did not understand Fallon's flippancy. But then again, Fallon wasn't sure anyone did.

Once the girl had given Ari a rundown on the group she'd started in on the questions. When did she find out she was Jinn? What had her dad been like? What was Azazil like? What was Mount Qaf like? What was going on with her and Jai? And on and on... And to Ari's surprise she found herself telling Fallon everything. It all spilled out of her, from Mike dying on Ari's sixteenth birthday, Charlie's spiral downwards, her dad's negligence, her eighteenth birthday and being swept up into Mount Qaf. How wicked her real father was. The Red King. Jai. Nick's possession. Charlie's wish. Jai's rejection. Derek's death and how little time she'd been allowed to mourn him. Ari laid it all out there, keeping only Ms. Maggie to herself. By the time she was done the air in the bedroom had felt thick with her spewed emotions. Finally, Fallon had whispered into the brightening gloom, "You're going to be OK, Ari Johnson." And that was it. Ari had made a friend. It felt nice.

"Holy macaroons! Ari yelled, throwing up a hand to melt the dagger heading for her heart. The smell of molten metal filled the air in the garden before disappearing in the gentle breeze. It was day three with The Roe Guild and Ari was training with Fallon in the backyard after lunch. Jai was hanging out, supervising... kind of. And to everyone's surprise, Jack Hollis had taken an interest in Charlie and the two of them were always off together, hanging out, talking - Ari presumed they got along because they both knew what it was like to lose someone they loved to an evil Jinn. Things had been pretty normal in training until Fallon rubbed a silver key hanging around her neck and conjured a dagger! Ari gaped at the girl as she stood their grinning, her designer sunglasses too big for her pixie face. "What? Why? Where?"

"It was part of a practice set my mom bought me." Fallon shrugged. "Don't worry, I'm not mad you ruined it."

"Ruined it," Ari spluttered - she'd almost been gutted. "Practice set? Your mom bought you daggers?"

"Of course." Fallon slid her sunglasses down her nose so she could peer at her. "You didn't think I'd stolen them from an old Asian guy did you?"

"Nice, and not at all stereotyping." Ari frowned. "And... maybe."

"Tut, tut, Ari J," Fallon mock-admonished. "Only sorcerers don't care about the consequences. Well." She grinned wickedly. "Most of the time."

At the mention of consequences Ari shot a look at Jai who was sitting on a lawn chair reading a book he'd borrowed from Gerard. Somehow, Ari knew he was aware of everything they were doing (and was making sure Ari didn't get hurt). Still, that didn't stop the flare of annoyance that lit up inside her. "Up until recently I wasn't even aware of the consequences."

Fallon's eyebrows hit her hairline as she turned to gape at Jai, shoving her sunglasses up onto her head. "Hey, Gorgeous!" she called to him and he glanced up slowly with weary patience. Fallon had yet to call Jai by his actual name. She called him 'Babe' 'Sweetcheeks' 'Adonis' and other equally embarrassing names that irritated the hell out of him. It just made Ari like her more. "You didn't tell her about the consequences of using her magic right away? What are you, new?"

Jai slanted an unforgiving look at Ari. "I thought we were past this?"

Ari held her hands up defensively. "I didn't say anything. I mean, I could have. It's not like I wouldn't have reason to considering you lied to me about something so huge. If you hadn't have eventually told me I could have done something really bad... say conjured a Lexus convertible and upended a cute Californian couple on the highway where they were then squashed and splattered by a delivery truck."

Fallon snorted.

Jai rolled his eyes. "But I did tell you. No Lexus. No squash."

"Luckily for you."

Her guardian sighed and looked back down at his book. "I can't tell you how much I look forward to these mature and scintillating conversations. Still, when the old Ari pays a visit, let me know."

"Old Ari? I was a sarcastic to you before."

"True." He nodded, turning the page on the paperback. "But there was this era between scared, sarcastic Ari and this new-fangled five year old Ari where you were actually decent to be around."

Ouch. "Bite me."

Jai grinned slyly and looked up at her from under his lashes. "Just tell me how hard."

Callum, who had warmed up considerably to Ari over the last few days, stepped onto the patio and laughed as he caught the latter end of their conversation. Ari shook her head at Jai. Flirt. She felt her insides go all gooey and fought back a smile only to fail. She tried to save it by rolling her eyes and turning her attention back to Fallon. The girl was grinning knowingly at Ari. She stepped closer, lowering her voice, "Wow."

Ari frowned. "What?"

"You and Jai," she said quietly. "It's like verbal foreplay. It's been going on since you got here."

It's been going on since we met.

Feeling her cheeks heat Ari knew there was no way to disguise her blush.

Fallon burst out laughing. "Well, looks like someone is a virgin."

Annoyance mingled with embarrassment shot through Ari. "What?" she said loudly, bringing both Jai and Callum's heads up. "Am I the only person left in the free world that hasn't had sex yet?"

"If you like, I could remedy that for you." Callum chuckled, wandering casually over to them.

Before he made it three steps he inexplicably slid hard on the dry grass, losing his footing. He fell comically, his feet lifting into the air, his ass crashing down to the ground with a painful thud. They all stared at him in surprise as he scrambled to his feet, his cheeks blazing an adorable shade of red. "What the hell was that?" Callum demanded, looking around for invisible hands. "Someone did that? What the hell?

Ari suppressed a laugh, sensing the hum of familiar energy in the air. Ms. Maggie... defending Ari's virtue again. Ari glanced over at Jai with a secret smile in her eyes and he smiled back at her, a gorgeous stretch of his perfect mouth that made it hard to remember that she wasn't supposed to be fantasizing about kissing it.

His voice suddenly entered her head, You know I'm really starting to like Ms. Maggie.

"I appreciate you doing this," Charlie said quietly, his voice deep with emotion that he just couldn't conceal.

Jack slanted him a careful look. He was overall a taciturn and very formal man but he'd approached Charlie during a moment of solitude on their second day with The Guild and he'd asked him outright what idiotic scheme had driven him to wish to become a sorcerer. When Charlie had told him, Jack's entire demeanor had changed. Like Charlie, Jack had lost someone he loved to the Jinn. He'd lost his wife.

So Charlie had started hanging out with the older man, asking questions about The Guild, about different types of Jinn - in particular the Labartu. Apparently, they were the worst of the female demons. Despite the Sumerians adopted belief that the Labartu was one being - the daughter of the Babylonian sky God, Anu - the truth was there were many Labartus out devastating the world. The Labartu destroyed life. They specifically targeted children. Some ate their human flesh and drank their blood; others, like the one that had killed Mike, turned it into games of chance where they dominoed a serious of events leading to a child's death.

You knew a Labartu was nearby because plant life died, rivers and streams turned thick with mud and the rate of miscarriages went up. Their chosen targets would often suffer nightmares days before their death. A shudder shot through Charlie when Jack had told him that. Mike had had nightmares that whole week. Charlie had thought something was going on with him at school and had tried to get Mike to talk about it. Mike had just blown up at him, telling him nothing was going on, they were just nightmares. But they hadn't just been nightmares. They'd been omens.

"I decided you were right." Jack sighed. "I can't kill the thing that killed my wife because it would bring dishonor upon my Guild and it's all I have left. But if I could, I'd go after that bastard. You're going to do this with or without my help, but at least with my help you have a fighting chance."

Charlie nodded. After a few days of hounding Jack to teach him how to power his magic into talismans, Jack was finally giving in. Jack had set up a little workshop in the basement. Spread out on a pasting table were necklaces with stone pendants, round, square, octagonal metal seals, rings, and small rocks.

Jack pointed to the seals. "The metals last longer than some of the semi-precious stones. I don't have any platinum because it's too expensive, no white-gold either. But I have yellow- gold." He pointed to a gold circular disk engraved with foreign script. It was just a bit smaller than the palm of Charlie's hand. "Silver." He pointed to the square piece of metal. "Bronze and some pure copper." There were number of bronze and copper seals. "Easier to get a hold of. Some of our seals are actually melted down old cents or imported currency like the British one and two pence."

"And you can channel your power through these?" Charlie quizzed softly, eyeing the metal thirstily.

"Yes. You'll be able to do small stuff with these. Mostly conjuring small items. You need to upgrade your metal if you're conjuring something bigger or from further away. You begin to get a feel for what exactly the metal is capable of. Platinum and gold are also useful for creating binding enchantments. You can lock people out of somewhere or in somewhere, or use them to power a temporary protection enchantment. All the things that come naturally to many full-blooded Jinn we need these metals to do. And when it's in your hands you'll feel a hum, a vibration. Here." He placed a copper seal in Charlie's palm.

"Whoa." Charlie's eyes widened as static shot through him, the piece seeming to vibrate with life in his hand.

"That's it reacting to you. You'll know when you've sucked the energy out of a seal or a talisman when you no longer feel that hum from it."

"OK."

"Now, sorcerers tend to use stones." Jack pointed to a section of rocks, pendants and rings. "I haven't got an emerald but I can tell you that it's the rock of Mount Qaf. Emeralds from our realm are not as powerful as emerald from Mount Qaf but they are still extremely dangerous. An emerald can fuel a hybrid's power for years. It's also the only stone that a hybrid can use to tap into the Cloak or the Peripatos."

"Wait." Charlie held up a hand in surprise. "We can use the Cloak and the Peripatos?"

"Only with an emerald. And an emerald is thought to be intoxicating. It is thought that it can breed addiction to the magic." Jack frowned. "The Guilds have banned casual use of the emerald. You need permission to access one and permission is only granted from Guild leaders under dire circumstances."

Charlie tried to squash down the voice inside him that whined, 'I want an emerald.'

"Obsidian is useful. The different kinds do different things." Jack held up a necklace with an attractive black pendant. "Black obsidian. Can literally create blackouts if you need a quick escape. Or the opposite... it can steal light into it."

"Cool, like the Deluminator."

Jack looked at him blankly.

Charlie grinned. "Harry Potter."

"Who's that?"

Disbelief shot through Charlie. Surely everyone in the free world knew who Harry Potter was? "The wizard."

"A sorcerer?"

Charlie choked. "He's a fictional character. A fictional character that everyone knows."

"Clearly not everyone." Jack sighed and turned back to the stones. He pointed to the green and blue obsidian. He explained that green obsidian could be used to pull on anything with a natural hand in the earth - plants, trees etc. An extremely powerful sorcerer could even use the power of green obsidian to split the ground and use rocks and sand and dirt as weapons. Blue obsidian was a water stone. But blue and green obsidian together were healing stones.

"So every stone can do something different?" Charlie asked in awe.

"Yes." Jack nodded. "You have a lot to learn. Like sixteen years of training worth to be packed into a few days. You sure you're up for that."

Charlie nodded. "I'm sure."

"OK." Jack gestured to Charlie's hand where the copper piece still sat. "Conjure something small from your room."

"My room here or in Ohio?"

"Has to be here. Copper won't produce enough energy to power a conjuring from that far."

Looking down at the piece of metal humming on his skin, Charlie felt his gut twist. This was it. No going back. "What do I do?"

"Concentrate on the metal, feel it become a part of you."

"What-"

"Just do it."

Concentrate on the metal, Charlie sighed. Sounded like some New Age crap to him. Still... focusing in on the metal, Charlie let the hum vibrate right up his arm, felt the metal heat in his hand - imagined it as a part of his palm instead of just an object sitting on it. After a few seconds he felt inordinately warm and he could have sworn he could taste bitter metallic on his tongue.

"Do you taste it yet?" Jack grinned slowly at him.

Charlie's eyes widened and he nodded mutely.

"Good. You're there. Now, focus on a small object you have with you here. Imagine it in front of you. Tell yourself you want it in front of you. You need it."

Thinking about his smartphone, Charlie glanced down at his other hand, imagining the phone there, wanting it there. Needing it- "Jesus Christ!" he jumped back at the heavy drop of technology in his hand and the smartphone crashed to the ground, the protector stopping the back from popping off. Staring down at the phone, Charlie's heart pounded in his chest. This was so different from defensive magic. This was... this was...

His blood was running so fast and hot within him. So powerful and strong and capable. Charlie's eyes glinted with the rush as he smiled wickedly up at Jack who gazed back at him with a mirror image expression. "That was cool."

22 - Needing What You've Never Had

The basement had this disused musty smell, light only spilled into it from four very shallow windows set just below the ceiling and shadowed objects protruded into the room with a creepy ambiguity that had always frightened Charlie as a kid. But now that he was older, he shut it all out. His sensory nerves were only aware of the thrill of the talismans and seals. He and Jack had barely broken for food and even then Jack had had to drag him out of the basement. Ari and Fallon had tried to talk to him at dinner but he couldn't concentrate because all he could think about was the rush of energy surging through his veins. Food tasted bland and water couldn't quench his thirst. For the first time he didn't even feel that sense of melancholy longing when he looked into Ari's eyes. No. All he could think about was the basement and the power it held. The power that could lead him to the Labartu. Jack had promised if Charlie managed to control the magic sufficiently enough to ease his worries about a young inexperienced sorcerer running around unleashed, that he'd use Guild resources to find the Labartu that had killed Mike for him. It really felt as if everything was coming together for Charlie - that there really was hope of revenge at the end of the tunnel.

"Very good," Jack murmured watching Charlie channel water from the pipes through the obsidian rock.

Charlie held the blue obsidian in his hand, rubbing the stone as he flooded water into the sink across the room.

"Here." Jack held up a black rope necklace with three metal disks dangling from it. Copper, silver and gold. He placed it around Charlie's neck. "For you to keep."

"Thanks." Charlie touched the metal, feeling truly grateful towards his mentor. Jack was turning out to be a kind of father figure he'd never had and it had only been a week. Then again, that week was longer than any time Charlie's own dad had spent with him. "I really appreciate this."

"Not done." Jack grinned. The older man had brightened up too. Others had remarked on the transformation that Charlie's company had wrought on him and seemed grateful to the young sorcerer for pulling Jack out of his funk. Jack held up a masculine - yet still more garish than anything Charlie had worn - ring inset with both blue and green obsidian. "It's yours too if you want it."

Hands shaking a little, Charlie slid the chunky ring onto the middle finger of his left hand. Strangely it felt right there.

"What the hell is going on?"

At the sound of the familiar and unwanted voice, Charlie briefly closed his eyes before turning to face Jai. The Jinn looked huge standing at the bottom of the staircase, his face dark with contained anger as his eyes swept over the table before blasting into Jack and Charlie.

"Now, look, Jai." Jack held up a warning hand. "I'm just doing what's best for Charlie."

"He's just a kid," Jai snapped, taking a forceful step towards them. "And one you barely know. What the hell do you or him know what's best for him?"

Irritation flared through Charlie as it always did when Jai referred to him as a kid. He didn't know if it was bred from some kind of competiveness for Ari or if Jai really saw him that way. He hoped not... because deep down... well, Charlie guessed he wanted Jai to respect him. "I'm not a damn kid," he growled, taking a step towards to the guardian. Jai was only a couple of inches taller than him after all. He could take him. Charlie rubbed a finger over his new ring, amazed by how much more confident he felt with power at his fingertips.

Jai narrowed his eyes on the ring and guffawed, "Don't even try it." Then Charlie watched as the guardian's gaze turned inwards and a sick feeling churned in his gut. Was Jai using telepathy? To contact... Ari-

Fire burst into the room beside Jai and Ari stepped out of her beautiful golden flames, flames that seemed so much brighter than the flames of other Jinn Charlie had seen using the Peripatos."What's going on?" she asked softly, and Charlie hated the way she sidled up to Jai, her body pressing unconsciously close to his. Charlie shoved down the thought that the two of them looked right together. They weren't right together, he shook his head inwardly. After all this, he was still determined to show Ari that he was the one for her, not Jai. He still had time. Charlie had to believe that. And right now that time was being wasted when he could be learning more about the talismans.

"Jack's teaching Charlie to utilize talismans and seals and stones to power his magic."

Her beautiful features tightened instantly, her eyes darkening as they dropped to the table, to Jack and then to Charlie. Her lashes lowered as she eyed the necklace he wore. Her body had completely tensed and Charlie could almost taste her fear. Guilt trickled into his conscience and he shifted uneasily. This wasn't easy on her, he knew that.

But then, as if she literally shrugged the upset out of her, Ari's limbs loosened and her expression smoothed out so that when she finally met his gaze there was nothing in her stunning eyes. A knot of apprehension formed in Charlie's gut. That was the second time Ari had looked at him like that. Like she didn't care anymore.

"Do what you want." And with that one sentence she stepped back into the Peripatos, the flames engulfing her and hissing her departure just as Fallon hurtled down the staircase. She stared at Jai and then Charlie, her cute pixie face alight with excitement. Fallon was forever complaining about boredom.

"What? What did I miss?"

Looking just as confused as Charlie, Jai rubbed the back of his neck. "Apparently nothing." He sighed and glanced over at Jack. "Make sure he's alright."

"I'm teaching him control," Jack assured him.

With another heavy sigh, Jai turned and tread silently up the stairs. Charlie frowned at the guardian's light-footedness. That's how they didn't hear him creep up on them.

Fallon stared after Jai with a look of bafflement on her face and then skipped down the last few steps, her short dark hair dancing up and down with her movement. She walked towards Charlie with a quiet sensuality that appealed to him. She was one of those girls that tried hard not to be girly but was innately graceful and feminine. She was the kind of girl Charlie would have been all over during his pre-Ari epiphany phase. Except... there was something about her that would have made it hard for Charlie to walk away. He liked her quick, smartass comments and her dry outlook on life. She didn't take things too seriously like Ari did sometimes and she didn't make Charlie feel bad about the whole sorcerer thing. It was also kind of nice that she hadn't known Charlie before Mike. Always flirting with him and making him laugh, Fallon seemed to like who Charlie was now, and wasn't always comparing him to who he had been before.

"Ah, I see." Fallon's eyes washed over the table. "Jack's teaching you how it's done."

Charlie sighed. Fallon had also become pretty close to Ari over the last week. "You going to rag on me about it?"

The young Guild hunter's dark eyes widened. "Hell no." She grabbed up a chunk of lapis lazuli. "I'm joining in."

Charlie grinned, watching as Fallon cast an enchantment with the rock, turning everything in the room the color of the stone, including herself. Only Jack and Charlie remained normal. The air was thick with the smell of wet paint.

"Where did she go?" Charlie asked Jack, his eyes straining to find her. Suddenly he laughed as her eyes popped open against the forever blue. She had blended into the staircase.

"This really has no purpose." Fallon chuckled. "It's just fun."

Jack exhaled heavily. "Fallon, I'm trying to teach him real things, not stupid parlor tricks. Not to mention you just drained who knows how many pots of paint of that color from every hardware store in the vicinity."

The blue began to drip from everything, flooding to the floor in a river that bubbled and popped until it was completely gone. Fallon stood before them blue-free. "Yeah, but the parlor tricks are a riot. And it's only a little paint, it's not like I stole gold or anything."

Her smile was infectious and Charlie's blood heated with the excitement of having so much power in his control he could just use it to mess around when his revenge was over. A little voice in the back of his head whispered the words 'consequences'. He pushed it back, not wanting anything to dampen his spirits.

Together he and Fallon put their heads together over the table, listening as Jack taught him as much as he could. All thoughts of Ari's earlier cold indifference melted out of existence, the knot in his stomach transforming to little moths of anticipation.

Hours later, Ari stared into the fire as summer rainfall battered against the glass windows. The room was dark from the bleak sky outside and Ari's eyes had automatically tracked to the fire that had been lit. It really hadn't been needed, it was still warm outside, but Matt had decided a fire would be cozy. The twins were on the sofa playing the Wii. Ari was in the room with them but her mind was downstairs in the basement where Fallon and Jack were teaching Charlie to harness his gifts. She felt sick with worry and was exhausted pretending she didn't. Fallon had assured her that teaching Charlie to control his gift was the best thing for him, but all Ari could think about was what the power and its addictive properties in a half-breed had done to someone like Dali.

Ari had been sitting with the women in the kitchen for a while before needing some solitude. Everyone was a lot more at ease with her and Ari had used the time to take her mind off Charlie. As Bryleigh had cooked dinner, Megan, Susan and Ailidh had sat around the breakfast table chatting away about this and that. Ari had found a break in the conversation to ask, "So when do you think we'll get word about Dali?"

"Soon." Megan had smiled at her sympathetically, seeming to understand Ari's impatience and need for action. "I know it can get boring waiting around for new leads but we take turns, working in groups of three or four. Minimalizes the boredom."

"I think the rat bastard has definitely moved on," Susan had added, swinging a carrot stick around to punctuate her words. "There's no trace of him here. I was out yesterday with the twins, and Aidan, Brechin and Anabeth are out today. They called in to say... nada. Again."

"Well, if he's upped his game from robbery to kidnapping and possibly murder, I don't see why we should be left alone to deal with that?" Ailidh had glowered, clearly uneasy at the thought.

Confused at her meaning, Ari had asked, "What do you mean?"

Megan had explained. "Like all Jinn, we have different levels of power within our Guild. We categorize our targets so we can send the appropriate Guild hunter after it. With nasty, dangerous Jinn like Ghulah's, Labartus, Nisnas, Marids, Shaitans etc we keep tabs on them once they cross our radar. We have hunters follow them, trying to prevent them, as much as possible, from inflicting damage on the human world. We can't kill them without reprisal, so we just keep tracking them. When they flee the country, the hunter follows them until the next country has been alerted and can take over the hunt with one of their own Guild. With sorcerers it's different. They're more elusive because, like us, they're part human so their energy is diluted. Since we can kill them without reprisal from the Jinn courts, we hunt them and when we find them we kill them. Again, if it's a particularly brutish son-of-a-bitch we make sure the team hunting them has among them our most powerful."

"And you guys don't have that person here?" Ari had asked, surprised.

Bryleigh had shaken her head as she'd rolled out pastry for the pies she was baking. "Fallon's father is the most powerful among our Guild. He usually deals with murderers etc. Fallon will be almost as strong as him one day, but she's still very young."

"I don't get it. You knew Dali was the son of a King, right? So why didn't you send Fallon's dad after him?"

"We didn't know Dali was the son of King," Megan had disagreed with a frown. "It was just rumor. And considering every sorcerer on the planet claims to be related to the Sultan or a Jinn King, we didn't really believe the rumors. But it doesn't matter, because we do have strong hunters with us. Jacob." Megan had nodded in assurance. "And my Gerard, and Jacob's nephew, Brechin. Plus... we have a Ginnaye among us now. A full-blood. Jai's more powerful than two of us put together."

That had seemed to be the end of the discussion as Susan started chatting about her cousin Fallon's obvious crush on Charlie. Rolling her eyes, Ari had quietly slipped from the room and had slumped down in an armchair at the fireplace, the sounds of the twins playing the game console soothing to her over anxious ears.

"Did you hear about that Scottish Guild member?" Callum asked quietly, the hushed tone of his voice catching Ari's attention.

Matt shook his head, frowning at the game. "No. What Guild member?"

"I heard Scott and Gerard talking about it this morning. Michael called this morning to say they had found out stuff about those kidnappings and would call back later when they had the info confirmed. He also told Gerard that some important Guild hunter in Scotland had just been sentenced to death in the Jinn courts."

Ari's eyes widened, and totally appalled she leaned in further to listen.

Matt stilled too, looking at his brother with sadness in his eyes. "What happened?"

"He killed a Ghulah. The thing was munching on one of his Guild and he just lost it and killed it. He was taken to court, but apparently his defense wasn't strong enough and there wasn't a full-blooded Jinn to speak for him so he was sentenced to death."

"Shit." Matt shook his head angrily now. "If it had been someone like Jai he would have gotten off with a slap on the wrist or a castration or something like that. But no... the tiniest bit of human blood and you got no chance of a fair trial."

"Yup." Callum battered his control with his fingers. "There's no escaping fate in the Jinn world."

His words pounded into Ari like bullets, propelling her back in her chair with a muffled gasp. Her chest constricted and she felt a panic attack come on for the first time in weeks. Her brain grew fuzzy and her breathing labored. There was no escaping fate. There was no escaping her own fate. Her future was hopeless. She knew that. She'd always known it. But for some reason today she couldn't cope with it. Not wanting the guys to see her meltdown, Ari hurried from the main sitting room into the study, her feet coming to a halt when she saw Jai sitting at the desk, staring out at the rain. He twisted around to look at her and his eyes narrowed at her expression.

"What's going on?" he asked softly, standing up swiftly and striding towards her.

Ari's whole body buzzed with emotion at being the focus of his attention and she licked her lips unconsciously as his power washed over her. For a moment the panic had eased. Exhausted, Ari found herself giving in. "I'm calling a ceasefire on Ari's Bitchfest 2011."

Jai smirked, his green eyes sparking with laughter. "Why?"

She exhaled heavily, her hands and knees trembling. "Because I really need a friend."

Her skin tingled as Jai gently took hold of her hand and led her over to the leather sofa. He let go as they sat down next to each other and she felt the loss of his warmth within her supposed-to-be-temperate body. "What's going on?" he asked quietly, his concern no longer irritating but needed. Wanted.

"I'm not going to make it," Ari told him, her voice shaking with the confession. "We're chasing after Dali and dodging my father, but I'm not going to make it out of this, Jai. Azazil has to have something planned. And with the kind of power I have it won't be long before the entire Jinn world finds out about me and then what? I'm a goner. I'm so dead," she choked, fear squeezing her lungs and numbing her legs.

Recognizing the panic attack, Jai grabbed a hold of both of her hands, his rough touch drawing her panic out like he was sucking poison from a snake bite. "I am not going to let that happen," he promised her fiercely, his eyes intense and voice low with emotion. "You need to believe that."

"I don't want you to get hurt." And she knew she was breaking her own promise, letting her feelings for him shine out of her eyes. But it seemed even after a few weeks of trying to put distance between them, even after the confusion and hurt she'd felt when he'd told her about Yasmin and how he had treated the young Ginnaye, Ari couldn't let go. She knew she should. She knew it was the right thing to do.

But she just... couldn't.

Jai swallowed and Ari knew if his hands were free they would be rubbing over his hair with discomfort. "I don't want you to get hurt either," he whispered the confession, his eyes falling to her mouth. His gaze sharpened as her lips trembled and she heard his breath catch. God, that sound was hot. The air charged instantly between them and their breathing grew shallow, their bodies tense. Jai leaned forward, his grip tightening around her hands.

"There you are," Gerard called, striding into the room and breaking Jai and Ari apart. Completely oblivious to the moment he'd ruined, Gerard stood over them. "We have word. Reports have been coming in over the last few weeks. Get this... missing girls around Ari's age, all lesser human-living Jinn. Eight girls in total. The last two taken from Philadelphia. However, there was an attempt in Columbus, Ohio four days ago, but the girl got away."

Ari shivered. "He was in Ohio for me."

Gerard nodded, his face grave. "I imagine so. He might still be there. It was his last attempt and it is your home state."

"Yeah, but he had Jai and I attacked in L.A."

"Yeah, but that time there was no magical presence," Jai mused. "In Sandford Ridge there was."

"Well, we know what kind of commercial buildings he rents out. His preferred locations, the clubs he visits, restaurants etc. We've got his patterns worked out. He likes a metropolis so we're starting with Cleveland."

"So you don't think he'll be in Sandford?" Ari asked, worrying for the friends she'd left behind.

"No, he hates small towns."

"So when do we leave?"

Gerard made a clucking noise with his tongue as a regretful look fell over his face. "Well... before we go I've been asked by my Guild leader to deal with some business in Phoenix."

Jai frowned, shifting forward. "Business?"

"One of our hunters got in a fight with an Utukku Jinn he was tracking and the bastard took off into Phoenix. The hunter is wounded but managed to track him to St. Francis Cemetery. It's not too far from here. He needs back up."

Confused, Ari held up a hand. "Wait a minute. What the hell is an Utukka?

"Utukku," Jai corrected. "There are benevolent ones and wicked ones. The benevolent Utukku are called Shedu and they watch over the dead, taking up residence in graveyards, scaring off vandals etc, and the bad ones are called Edimmu and they haunt graveyards, attacking anyone who dares to enter." He glanced up at Gerard with a weariness that was becoming too familiar to Ari. She wanted to hug her friend no matter how bitter that word tasted on her tongue. "I'm getting the impression you guys have to handle it before we can leave."

Annoyance ripped through Ari as Gerard nodded. They'd already been waiting so long (or at least it felt that way) to go after Dali. She was desperate to be done with it so she could prepare herself for the next challenge that faced her.

"Jai, I'd like you on the team," Gerard said softly. "I promised Anabeth she could get a shot at the next big hunt, but she said she'd feel better if you accompanied her when she meets up with our Guild Member."

With a horrible feeling rising within her, Ari watched as Jai responded, "Of course."

"His name is Brett McConnell. He'll be waiting at the entrance to the cemetery for you. Here are the directions." Gerard handed Jai a piece of paper just as Anabeth strolled into the room. She looked excited as her eyes sought out Jai.

"You ready to do this?" she asked, ignoring Ari as she had done the entire time Ari had been with The Guild.

Jai nodded and glanced back at Ari. "I won't be long."

Ari gave him a brittle nod, her eyes narrowing on Anabeth. True, she didn't like the way the girl flirted with Jai, but there was something off about her energy today. She was bristling with it and her eyes kept darting around as if she were jacked up on drugs. "Be careful," Ari murmured to her guardian, that ominous feeling inside her coiling into a tight ball. Something was off about this whole thing.

Ari sighed, rubbing a hand down her face as the two of them left the room. You're so paranoid.

"He'll be fine, Ari," Gerard assured her, making her jolt. She'd forgotten he was there. "He's one of the best."

23 - I'd stop my Heart to give yours the Beat

The doors were locked, the windows sealed, the room dark except for one large candle on the floor between the two chaises. She lay across from The Red King, her long beautiful figure draped in a red dress that matched his hair. Her exquisite features were illuminated by the flickering flame and Red felt the familiar pull of longing. It was not often he got to gaze upon her. It was such a pity she was so pissed off at him.

"You promised," she reminded him softly, too afraid to raise her voice and be heard. Her strange eyes glittered with disappointment and fiery anger.

Red shrugged, pretending to be unaffected. It was their way. Their game. Pretending while underneath both knowing how much they really felt. So much to feel. Any consequences were worth it to feel this way. "I'm doing what I can."

"You sent in your brother. The Glass King. Red, he feels nothing. Why him?"

Frowning, Red tutted in disapproval. "Remember what he did for you. For us. And Glass feels much. Mostly loyalty. He is doing what has been asked of him."

"By you." She glowered, her long curling dark locks falling across her silken shoulder as she huffed in annoyance.

Shifting in his seat, Red had to force himself not to be distracted. "You know how it is. I am doing what I can."

"But Charlie?" her eyes narrowed with frustration. "As much as the boy irritates me, Ari cares for him. She has lost too much. And you are deliberately trying to push them apart. I'm beginning to suspect you sent that Marid to him, the one that granted his wish to be a sorcerer." When he said nothing, unable to be deceive her, she shook her head. "Must she lose Charlie too?"

"You don't know that she will."

"Are your promises made of nothing?"

True anger flared through him and the candle in the room sputtered out. With a flick of his hand it reignited and she was sitting up straight, her chin held high but her eyes wary. As if he would ever hurt her. "I am doing what I can," he repeated.

"I have to protect her," she whispered, clenching her hands together.

True sadness and true frustration flooded him. "I told you that may be impossible."

"But we will do what we can," she murmured his words back at him as she stood.

"Will you be long from her?" Red asked, standing too. His fingers itched to touch her but they'd both decided they couldn't afford the distraction.

She shook her head. "I need to refuel, but I'll be quick."

A flare of jealousy ripped through him. "Who is to be your victim this time?"

"Well it can't be one of the team." She must have seen the tautness of his features, the strain, for her eyes softened. "They mean nothing to me."

"I know," he reassured her.

"I don't want to draw unnecessary attention, so I'll choose a man from the city. I'll be back with Ari within a day." She took a step back, preparing to enter the Peripatos.

He smiled softly. "Until next time... Ms. Maggie."

She grinned ruefully back him. "Strange name to give me but... it's growing on me."

"It's only taken you two years."

Her glittering laugh disappeared into the fires with her.

Brett McConnell was a tall, wiry young man. Dressed in all black and limping badly he greeted Jai and Anabeth at the entrance of the mausoleum that led into the main graveyard.

"Glad you guys could make it," Brett grinned, his dark eyes tired and his face wan. "I didn't even know the bastard had me cornered. He ripped my leg up pretty good and took off for here. We were in Utah, so it's been quite the chase. Thankfully he decided to take up shop near you guys."

Yeah, it's quite the coincidence, Jai thought, glancing around surreptitiously. Something was off about this whole thing. He didn't think it was a set up. He could usually read people pretty well and Gerard seemed like a stand-up guy. Plus, The Guild had no motive for trying to entrap him or whatever this was. No. Jai was worried that the Utukku somehow knew about Ari. But why would an Utukku want anything to do with her? It made no sense.

"You look excited, Anabeth," Brett observed, amusement glittering his eyes.

The young woman nodded, her eyes flicking around wildly.

Jai frowned. Was she scared? She didn't seem the type to be scared. In fact she'd become rather handsy these last few days. Jai was beginning to feel like a housemaid trying to avoid the improper attentions of her master.

"It's her first Utukku," Brett explained to Jai. "Her first big hunt." He turned back to the girl. "You'll do great. You know you're awesome."

She smiled widely, lighting up under the compliment. "I know, just a little nervous. But excited. I really want to get this over with."

"Well, it's getting dark and the cemetery is empty, so let's get moving." He shot a look at Jai. "I know you're a big hotshot and everything but you ever fought an Utukku?"

"Once."

"OK. So you know to look out for the drop in temperature when he's in the vicinity?"

Jai smirked. "I don't really feel temperature change."

"Oh right. Full-blooded Jinn." Brett shrugged. "Well, let's hope you have a fast reaction time." He pulled off his backpack and withdrew a dark wooden box. "Since you're here you can make yourself useful. I've been chasing this thing from cemetery to cemetery trying to keep it so busy it won't hurt anyone, but it's one of the most vicious I've seen."

Jai eyed the box. The Anglicized name for the box was a Secretum and they were quite rare. It was created from the wood of a Conessi Tree, packed with tellicherry bark and harmal and also treated with harmal. A strong enough Jinn could entrap another lesser Jinn within the box, and once locked it was impossible for the Jinn to get out. An Utukku could be trapped within it but Jai had never attempted it before. "You want me to put this thing in a Secretum?"

"I'd be truly grateful." Brett grinned. "Anabeth and I will keep him occupied while you do it."

Jai reluctantly took hold of the Secretum. "I'm not making any promises."

All extremely well trained, they strode through the rectangular mausoleum on silent feet and stepped out into the now dark cemetery. Jai's night eyes washed over the area before them, trying to spot a hint of movement, a spark of fire. Making sure not to step on twigs or crush the ground beneath their boots, the three walked in tandem, walking back down to the beginning of the graveyard so they could skirt the perimeter and then make their way inwards in a spiral. The hush pressed heavily upon them and very gradually Jai could hear Anabeth's breathing increasing. He tapped her shoulder, and with his eyes, tried to tell her to calm down. She nodded gratefully, her long red hair glinting in the brightening moonlight. Jai sighed inwardly. She should have covered her hair.

"What's this? Three little Jinn looking for me?"

They whipped around as one and Jai took a step forward, putting himself between the voice and The Guild hunters. Sitting upon a large gravestone was the Utukku. It was smaller than the average man, but its scaly, muddy-green limbs were long and thin. It peered at them with constant blinking yellow eyes and a wide, lion-like smile. Whispy white hair protruded from its head in tufts and long black claws curled from the tip of its fingers as it waved a hand at them, grinning, his pink and black gums visible as he flashed sharp, black teeth. "Alu at your service." He shot a look behind Jai. "Well, I've done my part. Now you do yours."

Fire erupted as the Utukku took off into the Peripatos and Jai spun around, his brain trying to make sense of what it had said. His eyes put two and two together as they fell upon an unconscious Brett, the smell of copper from the blood seeping out of the wound in his chest filling the night air. Jai's eyes were drawn to the weapon that had caused it as the handle of the blade was clenched tighter in Anabeth's hands.

"Why?" Jai asked, shocked but unafraid of her.

"He wants you out of the way," she whispered. "He promised me everything." A dazed smile lit her pretty face and Jai knew she was lost in the intoxicating power of the Jinn who had offered her so much. "Even this." She untucked a stone from under her t-shirt where it hung on a silver chain, and before Jai could react to defend himself against the emerald Anabeth should not have had, he was flying backwards through the air. The breath whooshed out of his lungs as he collided with the hard dirt ground. As he struggled to suck it back in and as his eyes re-focused, Jai's mouth fell open, his limbs too slow to stop the fire-powered swords raining down from the sky towards him.

The knot of unease in Ari's gut was growing steadily tighter. Her legs were even beginning to tremble. Waves of nausea kept rolling over her and she knew, she just knew, that something wasn't right. Glad for once to have lost Fallon's interest to Charlie, Ari had escaped into the quiet solitude of the bedroom they shared. What had been that energy she'd felt when Anabeth had come into the room to collect Jai? And more than that... why had the Utukki or Utukka or E-dimwit or whatever it was, taken up shop in a cemetery so close to the Guild. The more and more she thought about it the more and more it just seemed too much of a coincidence.

Oh crap.

Had The Guild set them up?

Had they set up Jai?

Why hadn't the idiot seen through that? He was supposed to be the smart one.

Oh God, Jai!

Visions of finding his lifeless body flashed across her eyes and Ari's breath left her in panic.

No, no, calm down. She shook her head. I'm acting like a crazy person.

Or am I?

There was only one way to make herself feel better and that was to go after Jai and assist him. If he was fine and sent her back then she would obey him. For once. She just needed to know that everything was a-OK. Do I tell them I'm leaving?

Ari thought about her suspicions.

Nah.

Doing as Jai had taught her, Ari concentrated on the cemetery. St. Francis, Gerard had called it. She thought about the St. Francis Cemetery in Phoenix and focused on Jai in particular. Fire exploded around her, licking her skin with its invisible flames. Disorientation eased far more quickly this time and Ari stepped out into the night air, the smell of heat still tickling her nose.

Everything happened so quickly after that.

Jai lay on the ground, yelling in agony as two fire blazing swords pinned him down through his shoulders. Anabeth stood yards away from him, standing over a body, rubbing a large emerald stone. In her other hand was a ball of glowing, burning, molten, violent ember that was growing in swirling ferocity.

"There's no coming back from this, Jai!" Anabeth cried out maniacally. "He wants you gone!" She threw the ember ball at him and Ari had no time to command her, no time to stop it. Instead she pulled on the Peripatos, fire flickering in and out, dizziness overwhelming her... and then pain as she put herself between the magical weapon and Jai, landing in the path of the ball of ember. It felt like a hole of heat had been punched right through her. Her chest blazed with pure agony. She couldn't breathe. The starry sky twinkled above her, not making a move to help as Ari tried desperately to suck in air. Tears streamed down her cheeks as her whole body writhed with pain, her limbs twisting, her fists clenching as she struggled on the hard ground. Her lungs suddenly opened up but being able to breathe now only made her focus on the excruciating hurt flaring from her chest. It crawled into her blood and snapped all her nerves. The sky grew blurry, black creeping into the edges of her vision as her brain tried to shut out what it couldn't withstand.

Red hair blew across her vision and Ari gulped, tasting blood. Anabeth's fuzzy face appeared over her, worried and glazed... like she was hypnotized or something. Vaguely Ari wished this wouldn't keep happening; that she could finally stumble into one of these situations and be in a position to use her power before she got hurt. But life was never that easy.

"It wasn't supposed to be you," Anabeth whimpered. "No."

Ari coughed, feeling the darkness creep ever faster. She was losing time. She still needed to save Jai. "I c-co-" she choked on the blood. "I command you to leave Jai unharmed," she whispered and the blackness finally won.

The magic in the swords pinning him down was strong and Jai was weak. That was no ordinary emerald in Anabeth's hand. That was Mount Qaf emerald. Someone had betrayed them.

He could see Ari lying on the ground from where she'd taken the hit that was supposed to have gotten him. A hit that would have killed him. That may be killing her now. Through the pain Jai growled weakly as he tried to move, to get to her. To protect her as Anabeth strode towards her with trembling limbs.

"It wasn't supposed to be you," Anabeth whispered. "No."

Ari was shuddering hard now and Jai bit back another yelp of pain as he tried to lift his left arm. "I c-co-" she stopped as a horrible coughing fit took over. Jai felt panic grip his chest. "I command you to leave Jai unharmed," Ari's hoarse words whispered towards his disbelieving ears and he froze as her whole body grew still.

"No!" he yelled, fear killing him more than the physical pain. "No! Ari!"

Anabeth stumbled back, looking at him with her own fear printed in her eyes. "What do I do now?"

And before Jai could beg her to let him go so he could save Ari, Anabeth fled into the Peripatos. As the last hiss of her flames died out Jai lay there in the sickening silence and damned Ari all to hell for putting his life before her own. Fury and impotence roared through him and all his magic exploded into his telepathy.

RED, GET HERE NOW! ARI IS DYING!

The message was barely sent and The Red King was running out of the Peripatos towards Ari, his red hair blowing behind him like a flag in battle. "What happened?" he roared, his face mottled with rage as he dropped to his knees beside Ari's body.

Jai held back the tears that were threatening to spill as he tried to get a better look at her. "One of The Guild," he managed as Red put his hand over Ari's wound and then checked her pulse. "She tricked us with the help of an Utukku. The Utukku was sent here to lure me out. Someone did this. Someone from Mount Qaf. She had Mount Qaf emerald."

The Red King's eyes flashed at the news as he carefully picked Ari's limp body up into his strong arms. He strode towards Jai, eyeing the swords. "You're right. This is powerful magic." He placed a free hand around first the right sword and it turned to ash, the weight of it easing from Jai. In its place he felt warm blood soak his clothes from the now open wound. Red did the same with the other and Jai struggled into a sitting position, his whole upper body sensitive with hurt. In truth, Jai could be paralyzed right then and he wouldn't care. His eyes and heart were with Ari.

"Will she be OK?" he whispered hoarsely, struggling to his feet and stumbling.

The Red King caught him without letting go of Ari. His features were tight. "I need to get you both to my healer. I've called him to a safe house. We cannot trust The Guild just yet."

The thought of using the Peripatos nearly buckled Jai's knees. Sweat and blood rolled down his body as he turned to look at Brett's unconscious figure. "The hunter. He had nothing to do with this. I think it," he stopped, taking a deep breath, "it was just Anabeth."

"I'll come back for the hunter," The Red King promised. "But we can't tarry any longer. Every minute counts." And with that he disappeared into the flames taking Ari with him. Jai didn't even think to focus on where he was going or if he'd get there in his current weakened state. His only thought was to follow the girl who had come to mean so much to him.

The girl who had saved his life.

24 - There are no excuses, only choices

He could have set fire to Mount Qaf with his rage, blazing a trail from one end of the never to the next. Instead Red let the fury turn cold within, the calm taking him to the one person who surely had the answer.

Azazil stared back at him impassively, his long strong fingers tapping on the arm of his black marble throne. Today he wore no robes. Black silk trousers billowed around his legs, his feet bare. A gold torque inset with emeralds and rubies hung down across his collar bones. Matching armlets encircled each huge bicep and ruby earrings dangled from his ears. Azazil was in the mood to play Sultan today. "What exactly do you want of me?"

Ari would live. Red's healer had saved her and being of royal Jinn blood, his niece was strong. Jai was recovering quickly from his own wounds but if Jai had taken the hit meant for him, Red didn't believe the guardian would have survived the attack. Ari had saved the young man's life. After receiving an earful from 'Ms. Maggie' whose own guilt at having been elsewhere during the fight fired her annoyance at Red, the Jinn King had left Ari to sleep off the rest of her injuries within the protection of The Roe Guild who had been cleared of any involvement. They were devastated that one of their own could have done this. The Hollis brothers were in shock that their sister had been approached by another Jinn behind their backs and enlisted to do such evil. Anabeth was still missing, but she had now become a target of her own Guild. The hunter he'd saved after promising Jai, had been returned to the main Guild in New Jersey, recovering nicely from his knife wound. Yes, everything had been patched up... except who had corrupted Anabeth in the first place.

"You must know who attacked Ari, Father?"

"I do." Azazil shrugged, his eyes telling Red to back off.

And normally The Red King would listen to a silent command from his father but an overwhelming feeling had begun to take over him since he'd become involved in his niece's plight, and it was becoming hard to stop it. "Who was it? Was it White?"

"If I said yes, what would you do? Would you rush out of here and beat him to a bloody pulp?"

Red shifted uncomfortably, not keen on the snide tone in Azazil's voice.

"It wasn't your brother." Azazil waved him off, the jewels upon his fingers glittering in the obscenely blinding light of the grand hall. A familiar hum of energy pulsed at Red's back as Azazil cocooned them in privacy. His father hated anyone inside his head and used telepathy very rarely. The Sultan's gaze narrowed on his son. "It was Asmodeus. He beguiled the girl, Anabeth, and gave her the emerald. She has been dealt with for her incompetence and will not be found by her Guild."

It was difficult to shock a Jinn King but that did. Red shook his head in confusion. "Why? Asmodeus, I mean."

"My Lieutenant decided it would be fun to join the party. His words not mine." Azazil's jaw clenched with emotion before he wiped it out of existence. "Do not concern yourself, son. I have dealt with Asmodeus and I have received his promise not to interfere in these matters again."

As far as Red was aware, Azazil never exacted a promise from Asmodeus. He cajoled or manipulated or just cleaned up his mess. Red was glad he had done so this time, however. Ari's enemies were powerful enough without adding Asmodeus to the mix. "Thank you. That will certainly make my job easier."

The light around them dimmed, almost as if a raincloud had blown over them. Azazil's eyes narrowed and The Red King tried to hide his unease. "My question is... why did Asmodeus believe killing Jai would create such chaos for Ari?"

Because they love one another.

Red shrugged, the guilt clawing at his insides as he lied smoothly, "Jai is a powerful protector for Ari. Taking him out would have made the game easier for The White King and Dali."

Azazil grinned but it was a malicious, cutting knife of a smile. "You're making this so much more intriguing, son."

Red straightened his spine, waiting for his father to pass judgment on him for lying. His heart pounded hard in his chest for the first time in a long time.

The Sultan sighed and eased back on his throne, boredom replacing his feral expression. "You are not to tell anyone of Asmodeus' involvement. That is a command. Now... you may go."

Not needing to be told twice, Red took measured steps into the Peripatos while his heart demanded he run.

Jai sat on the opposite twin bed watching Ari sleep. She'd been in and out of consciousness for about thirty-six hours, but Red's healer, a surprisingly young male Jinn, had worked wonders on him and Ari. He didn't know about Ari but Jai felt almost 100% again. The Guild was packing up. He could hear the sounds of movement and the cadence of high and low voices rumbling through the walls as they prepared to leave for Ohio. Not surprisingly they were a subdued bunch right now, feeling uneasy and guilty over Anabeth's betrayal. Jai didn't blame them. He blamed the son-of-a-bitch whose betrayal came from Mount Qaf.

The fury that was tinged with panic burned through Jai and he dropped his gaze, glad that Fallon had finally managed to talk Charlie into leaving Ari's bedside. Ari's near death experience had really shaken the kid up. Jai could only hope it had shaken him up enough to get his head out of his ass along with all those talismans he had been obsessing over lately. Unable to keep from looking at Ari, from reassuring himself that she was alive, Jai glanced back up, relief tingling in his scalp when he saw how much color had returned to Ari's cheeks.

She'd jumped in front of a Jinn version of a bazooka to save him.

Jai still couldn't get his head around it.

How was he supposed to act when she woke up? What was he supposed to say?

The tremble of his cellphone in his lap jolted his gaze away from her and Jai answered the call, glad to hear a familiar voice. "Trey."

"I just heard," Trey replied quietly. "Is she going to be OK? Are you?"

"I'm fine," Jai assured him, but hearing his closest friend's voice broke something within him and he found himself whispering hoarsely, utter shock and confusion in the words, "She saved my life. She took the hit... and the last thing she did was use her gift to command that kid to leave me alone. Why did she do that?" he ducked his head in embarrassment as tears glittered in his eyes.

Trey was quiet a moment. "I think you already know, man. And I think you're a complete dick if you don't make the right choice."

"Trey." Jai shook his head, frustration burning the softer emotion away. "It's not that simple."

"It is that simple," Trey spat down the phone and Jai almost jumped back in surprise at his vehemence. "They beat the shit out of you and he let it happen. For years. But she almost died to save you. There is a right and wrong choice here, Jai."

"There's too much going on." Jai shook his head, glad to have a reason to postpone making any life-changing decisions. "We're still hunting Dali and Ari hasn't even woken up y-"

A soft groan from Ari's lips cut him off and Jai stood up, watching as she shifted in the bed, her head turning, her eyes opening in narrow slits until they widened at the sight of him standing over her. Her hair was in desperate need of a wash and her full mouth was creased from sleep. Although color had returned to her cheeks, there was still a slick glow about her skin that spoke of fever.

She was the most beautiful thing Jai had ever seen.

"She just woke up," he told Trey quietly.

Trey sighed in relief. "Tell her I asked for her. And remember what I said." He hung up without saying goodbye. Jai had a feeling his friend, for the first time ever, was truly pissed off at him.

"Hey," Jai said softly as Ari blinked up at him, confusion turning to remembrance.

Her eyes widened and she struggled to sit up. He leaned around her, his arms under hers, pulling her up gently into a sitting position. Ari grabbed his arm before he could take it back. "You're OK?"

Jai smiled despite himself, bemused that that was her first question. "I'm OK."

Ari gazed at Jai like he was the first man she'd ever seen. Relief throbbed through her and she clutched tighter to his arm. She felt icky and disorientated but the pain she remembered was completely gone. What had happened? She was back with The Guild?

Her fingers slipped down his arm as Jai tried to gently remove it, the pads of her fingertips tingling as they brushed over his hand. Don't let go. She almost pouted when he pulled back, his smile disappearing as wariness crept over his face. Ari blinked up in confusion, not understanding his look. "What happened?"

When he was done explaining everything to her, Ari pulled her bed clothes back.

"What are you doing?" Jai frowned, blocking her path.

"Getting out of bed. There's another asshat after me. I have to deal with it."

"Get back in bed. You almost died," he growled. "And don't think I'm letting you away with the stunt you pulled."

Ari gaped at him, indignation flooding her. "Is that your idea of a thank you?"

Jai raised an eyebrow, a dangerous glint in his eyes. "Thank you?" he breathed. "You want me to say thank you for almost killing yourself?"

I want you to say thank you for saving your life! I want you to say, Ari, I get it now!

Bitter disappointment tingled on her tongue and Ari shook her head. "I don't want anything from you."

Before he could react, the door to the bedroom burst open and Charlie took three huge strides towards her, brushing Jai aside and crushing Ari up into a hug so big she was pulled up onto her feet. She hugged him back, comforted by the familiar feel of him.

"I was so worried," Charlie said hoarsely, the rumble of his words tickling her ear.

"I'm OK." She gave him another squeeze and stepped back without letting go. She still felt a little unsteady on her feet.

Fallon stood in between Jai and The Red King, their intimidating height and presence making the girl look particularly diminutive. Ari barely had time to acknowledge The Red King with a grateful smile - he had saved her life - when Fallon punched her playfully on the upper arm. "Check you out." She grinned. "You survived an Haqeeqah. I think I've found a new god to worship." She bowed her head with an insolent spark in her eyes.

Ari threw The Red King a quizzical look. "Haqeeqah?"

Her uncle smiled indulgently and Ari caught that quick look of fondness he tried so hard to hide. Was she coming to trust him after all? "It's female for truth. It's the essence of the power of an emerald carved from Mount Qaf itself. It's pure in its source, its power. As pure as truth."

"And it nearly killed me?"

His eyes darkened. "Yes."

Charlie's arm bristled under her hand. "Did you find out who did it?"

They all turned to gaze at Red and he didn't even flinch under their expectant and aggressive regard. Instead he gave a quick shake of his head. "No one will admit to it, and those I suspected have been proven innocent by Azazil."

Charlie glowered. "So that's it? This is ridiculous. How are we supposed to protect Ari from not one, but three enemies, and not even know who the last one is?"

"We don't know who he is," Jai interjected. "But we do know he wasn't coming after Ari. He was coming after me."

"Yeah," Fallon threw him a 'duh' look, "but only to get you out of the way so he could get to Ari."

They began talking over one another and Ari's head throbbed with their argument. She gazed passively at The Red King and he gave her a sympathetic smile.

Thank you for saving my life, she told him telepathically.

His eyes sharpened. You're very welcome. I will always be there.

Thank you for saving his life too.

Red's smile dropped as he shot a quick look at Jai before turning back to her. You did that. Not I.

Yes she did. Because the thought of losing him...

Ari.

Her eyes met Red's bright blue ones again. Yeah.

That's why he was hurt. They'll try to use him against you. You have to hide it. How you feel.

Shaking her head infinitesimally, Ari straightened her spine, I'm done hiding. It's time to hunt.

A rakish grin flashed across The Red King's face and he clapped his hands to hush the squabbling. "Enough. One enemy at a time. And it seems Ari is ready to kick some ass."

They all looked at her, mirror images with raised eyebrows and pursed mouths.

She quirked her own eyebrow at them, acknowledging that pretending she was alright might actually help her be alright. "You heard our liege," she teased. "Let's put this behind us and knock at least one of these guys down."

25 - Can you hunt a hunter?

Sitting in another room that wasn't her own, Ari gazed at the window wishing she could stare out of it. But they were taking extra precautions to make sure Dali and no one else knew where Ari had disappeared to, so she had to remain unseen. She was bored. Jai was avoiding her and Charlie was passed out on the bed beside her. Ms. Maggie's energy hummed in the room letting her know she was nearby too. Charlie had been overly attentive and Ari knew he felt guilty about losing himself so much in learning to be a sorcerer, that he hadn't even known Jai had gone out on a hunt, let alone that Ari had followed him to her near-death. Of course it wasn't Charlie's fault, but Ari wasn't above withholding those actual words as long as it meant he was distracted from indulging too much in the addictive power he'd wished for. She twisted around to look down at him fondly, his long legs dangling off the end of the bed. That couldn't be comfortable. A soft snore blew out between his perfect mouth and Ari felt a rush of contentment to see him like this. She missed her friend. They didn't talk about ordinary things anymore, like books and films and music. Instead Ari sat around waiting for Charlie to come down from his last magical high. The last had been from riding the Peripatos with The Red King. To hinder the chance of anyone following them, Red had offered to take Charlie to the hotel they'd be staying at in Cleveland using the Peripatos so that Dali didn't use Charlie to track Ari.

Ari had grimaced, her hands akimbo. "And you couldn't have offered to do that before? Back when we had to take a flight to L.A or Phoenix?"

The Red King grinned unapologetically. "Well I thought you guys needed quality time together. Things have been strained."

"Strained my butt. You do things when you want to do them, no rhyme or reason, right?"

Her uncle shrugged, his eyes glinting enigmatically.

Ari sighed and looked at the clock for the millionth time. Jai was in the room next door. Waiting too. The team was taking a plane. They'd be there soon and things could get moving again. She would have something to concentrate on instead of the fact that Jai tensed anytime she touched him or that her heart sputtered even worse than it used to when he looked at her. Even now she was acutely aware of him in the next hotel room, her ears straining to hear some kind of movement. Restlessness thrummed through her veins. Had she done a one-eighty? Had she really come through all of this to be back to pining for a boy who didn't love her back? Surely not.

No. Well, yes and no. It was stupid to think she could just switch it off. She couldn't even do that with Charlie, she brushed a finger over his handsome sleeping face. She could try to move on, yes, but she couldn't lie to herself. She loved Jai. Chest-crushing, heart-squeezing, breath-stealing kind of love and what had happened had changed her perspective all over again.

Maybe she didn't stand a chance in this tug-of-war for the Seal. Maybe she was going to die.

Maybe there was no other end for her in this.

However, The Guild had it right. Wasn't it better to die fighting for something, for the people she loved, than to give up to a tragic end?

"I think so," she whispered.

"You think what?" Charlie asked softly and Ari turned to look down at him. He gazed up at her with beautiful sleepy dark eyes. A bittersweet ache lit across her chest as she remembered how much she had been in love with him. But it had been puppy love. Childish dreaming. She loved him yes. But she wasn't in love with him. Ari finally understood the difference.

"I've been trying so hard to let go of you," she told him softly.

At the serious turn of conversation Charlie pulled himself up into a sitting position, his eyes suddenly wide awake. His hair was growing out. It looked better. More like him. "And have you?" his voice was hoarse under the heaviness of the question.

"I didn't want to care anymore. After my dad and you and... everything... it just seemed too hard. But I still care." She took one of his hands in hers and squeezed. "And I am so terrified for you."

Frowning Charlie squeezed her hand back. "Hey, I'm going to be OK. I'm learning to control this thing. Admittedly, I got lost in it and I don't want that to happen again. I feel like crap for not knowing what was going on, for not being there when you needed me."

"That works both ways," she admitted.

"I'm going to take my time," he promised. "Do this right."

"You're still going to get yourself killed."

"I have to do this, Ari. Can't you understand that?"

Ari took a minute, thinking about how she'd feel about Anabeth if she'd succeeded in killing Jai. There was hatred yes, and she'd want justice, and if no one else was relying on her she would have been tempted to take that justice. But Ari wasn't wired that way. She'd always thought ten steps ahead. That's how come she was able to prevent herself from using her gift against The White King even though he'd had her dad murdered.

"I think I can," she told Charlie and watched as he seemed to melt under her admission. "But, it doesn't mean I agree with you."

They were quiet a moment, Charlie's thumb sliding over her palm. His hands were just a little smoother than Jai's, she realized.

Ari thought of Fallon who'd been unhappy to be left behind with her team on the plane. Ari had watched as Fallon had given Charlie a hug and whispered something in his ear. "So..." she smiled cheekily at him, unable to keep a little awkwardness and a teensy bit jealousy out of her words, "You and Fallon. She likes you."

Charlie rolled his eyes. "You're such a girl."

"Well my bra certainly thinks so."

"Funny."

"So." Ari nudged him harder with her shoulder. "Something going on there?"

A scowl quickly replaced Charlie's smile as he looked down into her teasing eyes. "You know there isn't. And there won't be."

Ari winced, remembering his words only a few weeks before.

"... I'm not giving up. One day, maybe next week, maybe next year... maybe ten years from now... you'll be ready to let me in again. And I'll be waiting, Ari. I'll wait forever to make it right with you."

"Charlie..." Ari breathed, shaking her head. "Maybe there should."

"Ari...?"

God, she couldn't let him keep thinking there was hope. Hurt for him twisted her gut as she looked up at him, staring deep into his eyes. She had to make him understand. "I was going to die for him."

Pain rippled over Charlie's features, his eyes widening with understanding. He sucked in a breath like he'd been punched in the stomach. Not knowing what to do but hating that she'd caused him pain, Ari threw her arms around him and held him tight. After a few seconds his arms came around her back and he squeezed her close, pressing his face into the hollow of her neck. They held each other tight for a few minutes and then Charlie gave a quick nod, his nose brushing her skin, his hand rubbing her back as if to give her comfort. Abruptly he let go, pushing her back from him and without saying a word he stood up and strode out of the room.

Ari gazed around at the team of hunters glad to be sitting next to Fallon. The girl never let any situation get to her or change the way she acted around people. Most members of the team still found it difficult to look her in the eye, especially the twins, but not Fallon. Gerard and Megan seemed less embarrassed now too. And it wasn't like Ari blamed them for what happened.

A few hours after the team had arrived they'd booked a conference room at the hotel and Ari had walked down to the meeting with Jai and Ms. Maggie. The tension between Ari and him had been brittle and electric at the same time, only a couple of sparks away from shattering them into pieces. The silent ride in the elevator had almost killed her and Ari had been this close to telling him to get over it already. But no, they'd made it to the conference room without incident. Surprisingly, Charlie was already there sitting next to Jack Hollis who, now that Ari thought about it, had seemed pretty unaffected by Anabeth's betrayal. Perhaps they hadn't been close or perhaps, like Ari, Jack was growing numb to loss. Charlie couldn't meet Ari's eyes as she walked into the room, but that didn't surprise her. Sadly, she wondered how long it would take them to get their friendship back on track. She wasn't enjoying the role reversal from her moping after him to the opposite. It was just one other huge thing that had changed in her life since her eighteenth birthday.

"There was another attempted kidnapping," Gerard told her abruptly. "Right here in Cleveland at a club."

Ari frowned in confusion at the news. "But Dali had me attacked in California almost two weeks ago. Surely he wouldn't have done that unless the harmal concoction was ready to be used on me now?"

Jacob leaned forward across the table, his rugged face grim. "Maybe, maybe not. He may still be experimenting with it... testing its endurance... who knows. Whatever he's doing, this means we are not taking any chances. He attempted to kidnap someone and failed. We can only guess that he's going to try again. And that means every night starting tonight, we're splitting into teams and patrolling as many nightclubs as possible. During the day we'll scope out several commercial buildings that fit his profile. Ari is to stay at the hotel at all times." He raised a finger to stop her inevitable interruption and Ari slumped back in her seat. "You know no one can know you're here."

Much to her annoyance, Ari had to listen to reason for once.

From there, she listened as teams were put together, her eyes straying unconsciously to Jai every two seconds. He looked over and caught her watching him and the breath whooshed out of her as their gazes locked. She felt her insides heat up under his unfathomable regard and knew deep down she was somehow bound even more to him for having saved his life.

"Jai?" Gerard snapped, drawing their attention from one another. The leader frowned at them and Ari blushed at how inappropriately distracted they were.

Jai cleared his throat. "Yes?"

"You're taking Charlie and Fallon tonight. You'll be hitting Club A - it's in the Warehouse District."

Uneasiness tightened Ari's chest as Fallon reached for the address. This was so much worse now knowing they could be heading into danger without her. Ari's stomach churned as the team talked for another forty-five minutes, going over protocol and handing out talismans. Finally, Jacob stood up to lead them out and Ari watched numbly as they streamed out of the conference room.

"Ari, you coming?" Fallon asked, wheeling her chair back from the table.

"Just give me a minute." She smiled weakly and Fallon nodded, hurrying to follow Jack and Charlie out. Jai was still sitting at the head of the conference table, watching her. She flushed as Charlie frowned from the doorway. He gave her a sharp nod that broke her heart, for despite its sharpness, there was some kind of understanding there. The door shut quietly in his wake, leaving her alone in the room with Jai.

His look burned through her and Ari shivered with a cold goosepimply heat. She held her breath, waiting. The thick silence stretched between them, the air filled with unspoken words.

The door opened and a member of the hotel staff poked her head around the door. "Could you please vacate from the room, we have a meeting booked in here in fifteen minutes and we have to set up."

"Of course." Jai nodded at her and stood to his feet. The girl smiled tightly and disappeared just as Ari too slowly rose. Her heart pounded in her chest, her eyes surely wide with questions as Jai stalked towards her. Ari wanted to launch herself at him, kiss him, hit him... persuade him.

Love him.

Beats puttered out to a splutter against her ribs as Jai stopped inches from her, the exotic scent of him rushing over her, making her eyelashes flutter a little. She clenched her fists together to stop herself from pulling him close and burying her nose against his neck like an unloved bloodhound.

Ari stilled as they watched each other. For once, his beautiful green eyes weren't carefully blank. There was wariness there, confusion. Fear maybe. Slowly he lifted a hand, his fingers brushing her cheek, curling along her jaw-line and then around her ear. Ari shivered, bussing into his touch, hope - unwanted - but blossoming nonetheless within.

His rough, hoarse voice jolted her back to reality. "When this is done... we... we need to talk."

"Jai?" What did that mean? Was that good or bad? "What-"

She was cut off by the door slamming open and two staff members barging in with a refreshment trolley. Annoyed beyond belief, Ari stifled her irritation and instead enjoyed the feel of Jai's hand in hers as he lead her from the room.

And then all hope of questioning him was dashed as they came face to face with Fallon at the elevator. She raised an eyebrow at their clasped hands. "Adonis, you're needed in Charlie's room with me so we can go over our own plans for this evening."

His hand slipped from Ari's grasp and she shivered again, but this time from fear. He looked down at her, his expression careful and closed again. "We'll walk you to your room where you have to promise to stay for the rest of the night."

"I promise." Ari sighed heavily. "Just don't do anything stupid like getting yourself killed. I'll be majorly pissed."

26 - It was so Obvious Once I Knew

Jai's heart was banging against his ribs, the blood rushing in his ears, his whole body alive with the beat and adrenaline. He'd been this way since he'd spoken to Ari in the conference room. Watching her, watching the way her green/blue/gold/hazel/ eyes glimmered with worry for everyone, for him, as she listened to The Guild plan their attempts to catch Dali without her, this overwhelming feeling had crashed over him, freezing him to his chair. Then she'd looked at him, her emotions open and bleeding on the table. Jai had never felt more wanted or needed in his life. And he knew then he would never want or need anyone the way he wanted and needed Ari. This whole time he had been trying to convince himself that he just cared about her as he would a friend. That he'd be happy as long he knew she was safe and alive somewhere, even if he didn't get to see her. But that wasn't true. The thought of some other guy getting to touch her, kiss her, protect her... it... it killed him. It physically hurt.

He struggled with himself constantly, his emotions warring with the need to maintain his reputation with the Jinn world and with his father, and with wanting Ari in every way he could get her. He thought he'd been doing the right thing staying away from her, for surely she deserved someone who wanted her enough to give it all up for her. But her saving his life seemed to finally make sense of all his introspection of the last few weeks and finally Trey's argument began to make sense. Was he really willing to lose her because of his reputation with a father who had never cared the way that she did? Ari had thrown herself into the line of actual fire to save him and her last words when she thought she was dying had been to protect him. How many girls in the world were that brave, passionate, smart and beautiful? How many girls were that extraordinary?

And she wanted him.

Trey was right. He'd be a dick to pass that up.

"This place blows," Fallon yelled over the music from the dark corner they stood in, drawing Jai's thoughts back to the matter at hand.

Before he could talk to Ari about the two of them he had to get rid of the son-of-a-bitch who was hunting her. Club A was a pretty large RandB club in the Warehouse District. So far, Jai hadn't seen anything suspicious and didn't feel the presence of Jinn. Then again, Dali may have been powerful enough to harness the Cloak. Standing in the corner of the club was making them too inconspicuous.

Jai nudged Fallon forward. "Well try and like it. You and Charlie are going to dance your way across that floor. You're looking for a male, mid-to-late twenties, wearing a talisman... most probably an emerald. Eyes open."

Fallon held out a hand to Charlie and then quirked an eyebrow at him when he wouldn't move. "I don't have cooties."

Charlie relaxed, grinning back at her. "I'm just not a very good dancer."

"I don't know." Fallon bit her lip, pulling on Charlie's t-shirt. "You look like you know what to do with your hips."

With a raised eyebrow, Jai watched in bemusement as Charlie chuckled, replying as he followed her, "You have no idea."

When did that happen? Jai wondered, watching the two of them dance intimately together, smiling down at each other every now and then before glancing casually around for their suspect. It wasn't that Jai hadn't noticed the chemistry between them, but he hadn't thought Charlie would really take Fallon up on her obvious flirtations. What had changed his mind? Had Ari said something to him? Was it finally over between them? A little knot of worry twisted in Jai's chest and he decided there and then that he had to discuss Ari's feelings for Charlie once and for all before anything happened between them. The last thing he could handle right now was being burned by Ari.

At a tingle of power, Jai cursed himself, pushing through the crowds to follow the feeling. He was too distracted. He needed to focus. Following the trail of power Jai stumbled to a stop and glowered at Fallon who was rubbing one of her talismans. Noting Jai's presence she smiled sheepishly, realizing she'd misled him into thinking he'd found the suspect. "I just wanted to see better. It's dark in here."

Noting Charlie's glazed eyes and how glued they were to Fallon's talisman, Jai exhaled. He didn't know whether to be happy he'd been lumbered with the kid so he could watch over him or pissed off that he couldn't get rid of him.

"Is this your first hunt, Fallon?" Jai snapped, leaning closer and ignoring the way Charlie pushed Fallon back as if to protect her from Jai.

She frowned and shrugged Charlie off, clearly needing no one to protect her. "No, Gorgeous, this isn't. What's your point?"

"You shot up a flare using that talisman. That's my point. Are you trying to give us away?"

Blanching, Fallon blinked and shook her head. "No, sorry."

Rubbing a hand over his head in exasperation, Jai glanced around about to tell her to be careful when he saw movement in the back of the club. He sharpened his Jinn gaze and saw a door open, a girl's face, a hand clamped over a mouth. The door slammed shut.

"This way," he growled and took off through the crowds, his power kindling between his fingertips. Assured that Fallon and Charlie were at his back, Jai slammed through the outer door and into a back alley that led out onto the main street.

It was deja vu. And Jai didn't like that one bit.

Standing before them was three guys and a woman, and one of the men had his arms wrapped around a young girl, an innocent clubber. One hand was clamped across her mouth and another held a knife to her throat.

So Dali was a coward, Jai mused, he kept sending humans to do his dirty work. Something niggled at him though. The way the attackers were standing. Like they had been waiting for them. It all screamed 'trap!'

"This isn't right," Fallon whispered, having come to the same conclusion he had.

"No, it's not," Jai agreed, throwing up a shield that would drain him but would cloak the coming fight from the outsiders on the main street. His fighting would be sluggish but hopefully enough to take on humans. "But we can't leave that girl with them. Let's make it quick." Before he'd even spoken the last words, Jai conjured a throwing knife from his collection back home, the cold metal filling a hand he kept behind his back.

"You'll never beat, Master Dali," the guy holding the girl said suddenly.

"What is he paying you?" Jai asked softly, dangerously. "And is it really enough?" with that he let the throwing knife fly, the sharp implement making its intended target, slicing through the skin and bone of the leader's wrist. He screamed, dropping the knife, letting the girl go as he tried to cradle his wounded hand. The girl took off for the end of the alley.

Right, time to get the hell out of here, Jai thought now that the girl was OK.

"What are you waiting for?" the leader yelled, falling to his knees in pain as he eyed the dagger that pierced straight through his hand. "Shoot them!"

At the same time their guns were drawn Fallon took a step forward before Jai could stop her. Rubbing a heavy blue obsidian talisman Fallon waived her hand across the air, a shimmer of magic cascading across and out like a gentle wave crashing into the attackers. They stumbled back in confusion and looked at each other questioningly. The lone female among the attackers shrugged. Face pinched with concentration, she turned to pull the trigger on her Glock. Just as she did, Jai threw out a hand, swinging from the elbow like he was batting a baseball. Instead he batted the barrier of his defensive magic so it hit out like a rubber band stretching and snapping into the woman before pinging back at him. He staggered back as the woman soared through the air, her gun clicking but not shooting. When she crashed to the ground with a sickening and quiet thud, Fallon told him softly, "I filled their bullets with water." She smirked, lifting the blue obsidian.

Jai and Charlie grinned down at her. "Good thinking."

Charlie smirked. "Can I punch them now?"

"They haven't attacked yet." Jai shook his head. "Your defensive magic will power up as soon as they attack."

After stunned amazement gave way to understanding as Jai, Charlie and Fallon strolled menacingly towards them, the two still standing tried to fire the bullets in their guns.

When they misfired they dropped them and pulled out knives.

Charlie raised a glowing fist. "Now can I punch them?"

Jai gathered his own magic between his fingers and let it rip, melting the two knives. The humans yelled as ash and molten metal burned their hands. Their fear was palpable. It was nothing less than they deserved. "Yeah." Jai nodded, taking a step back and giving Charlie his lead. "Now you can punch them."

Alone, with only Ms. Maggie to keep her company, Ari paced back and forth in her hotel room. The gremlins in her stomach were fighting worse than when she'd asked Charlie to their ninth grade dance. She'd left asking him to go with her so late he'd already said yes to Macy McGuire, a pretty girl in their grade who had moved back to Columbus a few weeks after the dance. Ari had wanted to hate Macy, but really she'd just been mad at herself for taking so long to get the courage up to ask him out. She'd stayed home that night instead of going to the dance even though she'd been asked by three different guys. But Ari hadn't wanted to go unless it had been with Charlie. Ari smiled through her worry, remembering how Charlie had turned up at her house the next day with a corsage, asking her if she'd go to Homecoming Dance with him the next semester. They hadn't gone because Charlie caught the flu. Then somehow they danced around one another that whole year up until Ari's 16th birthday. By then it was too late. Life would have been so much easier these last two years if she had come to that realization much sooner.

And now Jai. Ari didn't even want to believe that he wanted to talk about what she wanted talk about. And if he did want to talk about what she wanted to talk about, Ari wanted to know what had changed his mind. Had he finally seen the light? Was he finally leaving the State of Denial? And of course there was Charlie to think about if Jai had indeed left the State of Denial. Ari was so worried she'd end up hurting Charlie.

But none of that mattered when both Jai and Charlie were out there somewhere without her, possibly being pulverized by that asshat Dali.

A shuffling noise caught her attention and Ari followed it, her gaze narrowing in on a leaflet that was being shoved forward by invisible hands on the bedside table. Frowning, Ari dived across the bed to see what Ms. Maggie was trying to show her. She smirked when she read it.

Room service.

Wow, her poltergeist really kept a watch on her. She hadn't eaten all day because she'd been too nervous to, but Ari guessed Ms. Maggie was right. She had to keep her energy levels up.

"Thanks, Ms. Maggie."

After ordering some food to be brought up, Ari flicked on the TV, knowing that nothing would take her mind off of it but hoping the noise from a movie or TV show would at least be better than the thick silence and nervous pall she'd cast around the room.

When the knock at the door finally sounded, Ari was glad. She was actually starting to feel hungry. "Room Service," a soft female voice called before Ari had to embarrassingly ask who was there through the door. Jai had drilled that precaution through her before he'd left.

"Coming!" Ari called and strode barefoot across the plush carpet, pulling the door open with hungry anticipation. The smell of food wafted up her nose and Ari almost fainted. She smiled at the prim older woman and opened the door wider to let her in. "Thank you."

"You're welcome," the hotel employee told her cheerfully.

Ooh tip, Ari remembered and hurried towards her purse, her back turned to the room.

As she rifled through her purse for change, Ari never even heard the footsteps behind her. No warning alerted her to attack until she felt the painful prick on her neck.

"What?" she cried out, her hand lifting to the pain as she whirled around, the room blurring. Her arm felt suddenly heavy and limp and her legs appeared to have melted out of existence. The floor rose up to meet her and the woman's face zoomed in on her, her voice deep and echoing.

"I'm Dr. Cremer, Ari. You've been given harmal. Try to relax."

Relax! Was she nuts?

Yes, Ari, she is insane, clearly!

Suddenly Ari realized she couldn't feel anything anymore. Her eyes seemed to be staring out at the world from a place of nothingness. It was terrifying. She wanted to whimper but there appeared to be nowhere for it to escape from.

Oh God, she began to cry inwardly. He'd found her. He'd found her.

Heavy footsteps sounded and Ari wondered how she could hear with no ears.

You have ears, she told herself frantically, trying to calm her racing panic. Jai told you this stuff causes paralysis.

Oh God, I'm paralyzed!

Her brain began to feel tingly, her thoughts growing fuzzy, diluted.

The panic disappeared.

Everything disappeared.

She just... was.

"Ari," a rumbling voice said and another face appeared above hers. A young man with steel blue eyes stared down at her, and if Ari had been in her right mind she would have thought he stared at her as if she were a large chip of diamond. "Finally."

The room dropped or she was lifted. Whispers. Movement. Wallpaper blurring. A breeze ruffled her hair. A car engine purred. Trees, buildings, sky passed by fast.

Air stung her eyes. The world dipped within a metal box. White everywhere. Chemicals. Woman's face.

"Just strapping you down, Ari."

Man's face. "I'm sorry it had to be this way, Ari. But with the harmal you won't care. I just need your power, Ari. I've deduced it's all in the blood. If I can keep you here under harmal I can siphon your blood and fuel my talismans with it. With continual blood transfusions there is a possibility of taking enough blood to last me a lifetime. I want to thank you for giving me this, Ari. You precious girl you."

Copper. Blood. Woman's face. "You're doing wonderfully, Ari."

White everywhere.

White.

White.

White.

"NO!" deep voice roared. Man's face. Anger? "Why isn't it working?!"

Soft voice. "She can't tell you. She's deep under the harmal. We did discuss the possibility of this not working. Or perhaps the Jinn you tried to command isn't coherent enough. She is recovering from a bout of harmal herself."

"You're right of course. Thank you, Dr. Cremer. Keep her under."

White.

White everywhere.

27 - The Wrath of Two Kings

"What are you doing here?" Red blazed, slamming the doors behind him as he strode into his private rooms. Fear churned in his gut to see her there, taking such chances. She wasn't supposed to come to Mount Qaf. Ever! He had a home on earth that she was allowed to visit for no one knew of it except him... and of course her.

She hurried towards him, wringing her hands. He stilled immediately. She wasn't a 'wringing her hands' kind of female. "He has her, Red." She shook her head, fury etched in her features. "Dali took Ari from the hotel and I couldn't follow. He used some kind of blocking enchantment. It was powerful. But not powerful enough to stop you. He can't have gotten far. You'll be able to find him won't you?"

Disbelief coursed through him and he turned away from her fretful gaze. He shook his head. "He's still a hybrid. It could take longer than we have." Red's blue eyes burned as he turned back to her, his hand brushing her cheek gently. "I'll get her back. I promise. There's someone who'll tell me where that little piece of maggot shit is. He'll tell me even if I have to kill him." Turning on his heel, Red stormed towards the double doors. "And get the hell out of here! Are you trying to get yourself killed?"

"You can't go in there, Sire!" the Shaitan cried in horror as The Red King blasted past him. At a tug of the Shaitan's insistent energy, Red waved a hand as if he were batting away a bug and splattered the Shaitan against the corridor wall. The others cowered and Red threw open the doors to The Gleaming King's bedroom without interference.

"What in blazing glory do you think you're doing?" Gleaming roared, jumping from the bed he shared with more women than Red cared to count. There were just some things a brother didn't need to see.

"Out!" The Red King snarled at the harem and turned a gentlemanly eye away as they gathered their things and skittered from the room in terror.

Gleaming stared in disbelief before pulling himself together. Wearing his robes and leather pants now, he stormed towards Red. "What is the meaning of this?"

Without a word, Red backhanded him and Gleaming soared through the air, crashing through one of the posts of the four poster bed. Hopping high like a jumping spider, Red came down on top of Gleaming, his hand aflame as he punched his stunned brother before he even had time to defend himself.

"Where is he?" The Red King growled. "He has Ari! Where is he?"

Gleaming coughed, blood trickling from his nose as he turned his head to stare him directly in the eyes. He smirked. "Kiss my magical ass, brother."

Roaring with frustration, Red pounded into him again only to find himself flying backwards as Gleaming finally joined the fight. With real flames blazing now, glass melted, curtains blazed, wood caught fire as they exchanged punch for punch, dealing in Jinn fisticuffs like they hadn't done in hundreds of years.

And it was getting Red nowhere. They were too evenly matched.

"Just tell me," Red breathed after twenty minutes, blood trickling from his cut eyebrow, his head smelling of the sickly stench of singed hair.

"Never. When I found Dali it took all of my persuasive powers to get him to trust in me again. Do you really think I'd jeopardize that by telling you where he's keeping the girl? A proud father would never." Gleaming shook his head still grinning.

Before Red could respond by slicing his brother open with a large splinter of wood he'd been eyeing, for the second time that day Gleaming's doors were burst open. To both of their surprise The White King floated in on a bed of boiling fury. He turned his black eyes on The Gleaming King.

"Red," White said calmly, "Pin him."

Shocked understanding flooded The Red King but he shook it off, instantly joining his power with White's as they lifted Gleaming with invisible hands and pinned him to the wall. He struggled, but braced under attack from both brothers, his struggle was futile and by the way his eyes dimmed, he knew it.

"It seems I have a soldier misbehaving." The White King strode towards Gleaming and the air glimmered beside him, a greenish blue fire licking the air. The fire of a Nisnas. Vadit, The White King's pet. A particularly vicious Nisnas. But of course he'd been trained that way by his master. "Vadit here is going to chew on you, brother, until you tell me where Ari is. Is your half-breed really worth the months of enduring the agony of growing back limbs?"

The Red King had to hand it to his brother. His calm control was oftentimes scarier than Azazil's angry threats.

Gleaming licked his lips, eyeing Vadit nervously. "You wouldn't. I am on your side."

White cocked his head, his large hand stroking Vadit's. "Really? You call being on my side letting your poisonous, spurious example of a Jinn, kidnap my daughter to drain the gifts I went to great pains to instill in her?"

"He's my son, White!" Gleaming shouted now. "I want what's best for him. Surely you can understand my pride? It was an entertaining plan he came up with, but there's no harm in it. We all know he won't succeed."

"He will not succeed in harnessing the Seal but he will succeed in killing Ari if you do not tell me where he is."

"I cannot. I have no guarantee you will not kill him."

White curled a lip and Red waited anxiously. Time was running out. "Start talking, Gleaming, or I might let Vadit start with an organ I know you will miss."

Face red with impotence, Gleaming spat an address in Cleveland out at them.

Relief rushed through Red momentarily before his wariness of his brother took over. He looked sharply at The White King, expectantly.

For once frustration was evident in Ari's real father's eyes. He shook his head, his lips pursed. "Go. I may not care what happens to anyone else around her but I want her kept safe and alive, even if means pushing her further into your hands." His eyes flashed with wicked intent. "Only for now though, Brother. Remember that." His black eyes lifted to Gleaming. "Anyhow, Gleaming and I aren't done talking."

Caring less if the two of them beat one another to a pulp, The Red King nodded and fled into the Peripatos calling to Jai for his location.

28 - Blood on a Heroes Hand is Blood All the Same

Already high on adrenaline from the magic used fighting the humans, street lamps pulsed out at Charlie like beacons of ember taunting his thirst. Charlie couldn't quite comprehend what The Red King was telling them. He stood before them in the alley, his bright red hair plaited down his back and yet somehow now distracted from his badassness as he stood there in a black t-shirt, black jeans and black combat boots. The Red King's fierce eyes drove into Charlie, his words setting his heart to an even faster beat than it already was at.

It was all a trap.

Ari had been taken.

The rat bastard had her.

It was all a trap.

"Charlie." Fallon's pretty face popped into his line of sight, her eyebrows puckered and eyes concerned. "Are you OK?"

"We have to get her," he muttered, trying to push his hunger for more power down so he could concentrate. Jack had warned him this could happen.

"I didn't feel anything in the trace," Jai bit out, confusion and fear in his eyes.

Red shook his head. "I think the harmal must dull all of her connections... even the one to you."

Clearly not liking the sound of that, Jai growled, "You have the address?" His barely contained fury seemed to shake Charlie awake. He glanced up at the guardian whose pallor had paled, his whole body bristling with angry magic, his bright eyes flashing with deadly intent. That's how I should be, Charlie told himself. Get it together, Creagh!

"I'll take those two." The Red King gestured to them and Charlie realized the Jinn meant to take them into the Peripatos and his conscience twisted when excitement shot through at the thought.

Jai nodded, focused. "Address?"

Information was passed but Charlie was too busy breathing in and out, shoving the addiction down, choking it. He felt a hand clasp his and gazed down into Fallon's face. Her wide eyes softened. She knew! He felt her squeeze his hand and knowing she didn't judge him for feeling the way he did, Charlie was able to fight down the need, his brain un-clouding. Nodding gratefully at her he looked up at The Red King with determination. "Let's do this."

As before, Charlie panicked a little at the flames that licked but didn't burn when The Red King clasped his shoulder and pulled him through the Peripatos. It was like riding a really fast rollercoaster, the wind battering into his body, knocking the breath right out of him. Colors blurred into one and his ears almost bled with the roar of the wind.

The world righted itself and Charlie stumbled forward, dizzy and nauseous, The Red King's strong hand on his shoulder the only thing keeping him standing up.

They stood outside a rectangular redbrick building and Charlie eyed a blurry street sign. They were in Lakeshore.

"How do you want to do this?" The Red King asked the three of them.

"You blast them all to hell while we look for Ari," Jai replied, his eyes searching over the outer facade of the building as though he really had x-ray vision. Charlie wondered momentarily if he did before shaking the stupid thought out of his head.

The Red King shot Jai a look and Jai gave him an almost apologetic look. "Your Highness. Please?"

"Done." The Red King nodded and without so much as a warning he raised his hands and the glass fronted doors shattered outwards towards them, raining down on them and the ground in grains of soft sand. "Let's do this." Red strode forward just as a woman ran out the door with a gun in hand. With a swipe of his hand through the air in front of her, her eyes rolled back in her hand and she collapsed to the ground. Charlie, Jai and Fallon made their way inside without having to lift a finger as the King continued this line of defense. Three bodies already lay in their wake as they stood at an unmanned reception.

"I sense a few energies." The Red King turned to look at Jai. "Do you sense her through them?"

When Jai nodded, Charlie felt his gut clench. Jai knew Ari so well he could sense her individual energy from a distance and The Red King couldn't. He stamped down his jealousy. "Which way?"

"Basement." Jai gestured to the elevator.

Just as they were about to move towards it, the numbers above it began to ping, the elevator climbing towards them. "I think we're about to have company," Fallon said dryly, steadying herself.

They stood side by side, waiting.

With one last ping the elevator doors flew open and six bodies poured out firing guns. Bullets met an invisible shield that glowed ember every time one hit it and as Charlie glanced over at The Red King in wonder and awe, he realized they probably would not have survived this rescue attempt without him.

Realizing the guns were useless, the attackers all dropped their automatics, two of them pulling out knives, three of them bowing their heads in concentration. Sparks filled the air at their fingertips.

"Jinn?" Charlie asked, surprised.

"Lesser Jinn," The Red King sneered. "They have no idea who they're dealing with." At that growling announcement, the Jinn King stepped back and smirked at Jai. "Take them out."

Jai flew at the first Jinn, his eyes blazing, his fist ramming up in an uppercut. He spun around, taking a human out with a spinning hook kick that Charlie had always admired in martial arts movies.

A fist came out among the group and connected with Jai's face.

Seeming to push both Charlie and Fallon's buttons they raced forward. Fallon unleashed an enchantment Charlie hadn't mastered yet and one of the Jinn fell to his knees, choking as his throat closed up on him. Charlie came face to face with one of the humans with the knife.

He waited.

He didn't have to wait long.

The man swiped out at him with his knife, his shorter arm not connecting as Charlie slid back on the balls of his feet to avoid the cut. Adrenaline pumped through his veins and sharpened his reflexes. At the attack, Charlie felt his defensive magic ignite within him, the rush almost flooring him before he gained control. Using his defensive magic to fuel the gold piece he wore around his neck, the piece that Jack had gifted him, Charlie concentrated on melting the knife and watched with amazement and overwhelming satisfaction as the man cried out in pain as the knife heated and softened in his hand. He let go, jumping back from the weapon, and Charlie kicked out, his long leg connecting with the man's solar plexus. The guy stumbled backwards, his face turning red with pain. Not needing to move any closer to hit him, Charlie pulled an elbow back and punched out, pushing his magic into the air and creating a pocket that smacked the guy square on the nose. Blood gushed from his nose but still he didn't go down. Hearing the skirmish beside him, the sound of Fallon's faint cry, Charlie threw up an uppercut, the pocket of magic connecting with the attacker's chin.

The attacker's eyes rolled back in his head and his body collapsed back against the wall.

Down for the count.

Burning up with the rush, Charlie spun around to help out only to find Fallon taking out the other human, his body falling limp to the tiled floor. Jai was supervising, the three Jinn unconscious... Charlie eyed one of them and noted his chest wasn't rising and falling... OK, possibly dead. Charlie swallowed, stunned.

"Well done," The Red King said briskly, blowing past them and into the elevator. "Very entertaining. Get in!"

They hurried inside, all of their nerves jangling from the fight and the desperate need to get to Ari.

The doors pinged open and Charlie blinked against the blinding white of the lab. As his eyes adjusted he noted The Red King had already taken out two people by the time they'd stepped out of the elevator. He knew he should be scared of the guy but... he was just too impressed.

In his quick sweep, Charlie noted the lab was well-stocked, including with girls. Two girls were strapped to chairs that resembled dentist chairs, their skin pale and waxy, their eyes closed either in sleep or death. Neither were Ari. His stomach flipped.

"There!" Fallon shouted, her finger pointed towards the far corner of the lab. They all swung around, following her frantic gaze.

Ari was strapped up in a chair, just like the other girls. Charlie's heart stopped. Was she dead? At a flicker of movement at the top of his vision Charlie's eyes shot past her to see a tall guy tapping a code into a wall next to a door.

Dali?

"He's getting away!" Fallon cried, her face tight with anger.

"Leave him!" The Red King shouted, confirming it was indeed Dali.

Fallon wasn't listening. She took off towards the sorcerer, jumping over spilled containers, slipping on... blood...

Charlie's face paled as he looked closer at Ari. She was hooked up to a blood bag. There were spills of it all around her, a container full of it. What the hell had he done to her?

"Fallon!" Red yelled but she ignored him and a pulse of magic shot out of her as she blasted Dali back against the wall just as the door was opening. Another blast shut the door, trapping him in the room with them. Dali eyed her wearily and Charlie's heart sputtered at the sight of an emerald glinting as it swung from black rope around his neck.

Charlie chanced a glance at Jai but he only had eyes for Ari.

"What did he do?" Jai muttered, stunned fear written all over his face. He did not resemble the usually in-control guardian Charlie had come to know.

Red shook his head, striding towards Ari's body. "He's tried to drain her blood. He thought he could use it to power her gift through his talismans."

"Leave her!" the sorcerer yelled as The Red King began unstrapping Ari. A slap cracked around the room and Dali's head snapped back from Fallon's invisible punch. His eyes narrowed on the young hunter and he shook his head regretfully. "You should have let me go. You don't want to play this game with me."

He was on her before anyone could stop him, his hands wrapped around her throat. He muttered something and terrifying veins popped up on her face, her eyes widening as she clawed at his hands.

Charlie didn't think.

He just reacted.

His legs took him across the lab faster than he knew he could move. His fist wrapped around the silver coin that hung from his neck and the image of a silver dagger Jack had in his weapon's trunk filled his mind until cold metal filled his hand. Charlie's breath brushed the back of Dali's neck, his elbow swung back and then plunged deep, hard, the blade ripping bumpily through flesh and muscle. Dali's body grew limp. Fallon's gasping, choking breaths filled the air. Charlie pulled his hand back, warm with blood and the murder weapon that withdrew from Dali heart. The sorcerer fell back against Charlie's body and he jumped back in shock letting it thump to the ground, Dali's lifeless eyes staring back up at him.

"Charlie," a hoarse familiar voice whispered.

He's dead.

I killed him.

Charlie eyed his hand. Blood.

It had happened so quickly.

"Charlie." He was shaken and Fallon's face appeared in front of his. "Charlie." She brushed a hand over his face. "It's OK. You saved me. OK? It's OK."

Nausea rolled over him and he wiped his hand hard against his jeans trying to get the blood off his hands.

"Charlie, it's OK."

"He's dead."

"You saved me."

What? He looked at her carefully, at the red blush around her throat where Dali's hands had been. "I saved you."

Fallon smiled sadly. "Yes. Thank you."

As Jai focused on freeing Ari, he had to shove the fact that Charlie had just killed a sorcerer to the side. He was aware that Charlie had the look of a war victim, the trauma glazing his eyes, but Jai could only deal with one thing at a time, and Ari needed him. The Red King finally freed her limp body from the chair and Jai scooped her up into his arms, worry tightening his gut at the way she lolled, unmoving.

"I have a car waiting outside," Red said, brushing Ari's hair off her face, his eyebrows puckered with concern. "My healer is in it."

Leaving The Red King to clean up the mess they had made and Fallon to lead Charlie out of the building, Jai cradled Ari into his body, his eyes glued to her face, waiting for any sign of her waking up. "Ari, come on," he whispered in her ear as the elevator climbed. "Wake up, baby, wake up."

The doors opened and he stepped over the carnage they'd made, rushing out towards a small limo. The back door opened and the young healer who had fixed them before got out, his pale silver hair gleaming in the moonlight. "In here," he directed with long graceful fingers and Jai carefully slid Ari's body inside, clambering beside her and easing her across his lap.

Charlie and Fallon climbed in next, Charlie's eyes seeming more focused now as they fell upon Ari's lifeless body. "Is she going to be OK?" he asked hoarsely, eyes bright with fear.

The healer shut the car door and the car moved off. Kneeling at Jai's feet, the healer placed his hands over the air above Ari and closed his eyes, magic crackling at his fingertips. After a moment his pursed lips relaxed and he gave Jai an encouraging smile.

"She will be fine. The drug will leave her system within a few days and leave her unharmed. She just needs to rest and you must all have patience. Give her time to wake up. She will wake up when she is ready."

Relief crashed through Jai and he pulled her closer to him.

A sound, a cracked breath, caught his attention and Jai's eyes collided with Charlie's pained ones.

"Does she know?" Charlie asked, his jaw clenched with emotion.

For some reason Jai felt a flash of guilt as he realized Charlie had guessed his feelings. Jai didn't want to hurt anyone. He shook his head. "Not yet."

"Not yet..." Charlie breathed in pain and he looked away sharply out of the window, shutting them all out as he dealt with everything the only way he seemed to know how. Jai could understand that. He'd never been very good at talking things out either.

A brush of Ari's hair touched Jai's hand and he looked back down at her, all the love he should have let her see before now, blazing in his eyes.

He was suddenly very impatient for her to wake up.

29 - The Road to Recovery Leads to a Trial

Ari woke during the night in an unfamiliar room. Panic took over her as images of a man and woman's face collided with images of blood and chemicals and feelings of impotence and despair. A soothing hand pressed against her forehead and Ari locked gazes with Fallon. The young woman explained everything. Ari had been taken by Dali and he'd been trying to siphon her blood to use with a talisman to try and recreate the Seal. Fallon, Jai, Charlie and The Red King had launched a rescue mission. Dali had almost killed Fallon. Charlie had killed Dali rescuing Fallon and was now having a difficult time dealing with it, but Fallon and Jack were trying their best to help him come to terms with what had happened. Anxiety for him flooded Ari but Fallon didn't take a breath to let her process the information. Jai wouldn't leave Ari's bedside and Fallon had had to threaten him with a kick to the nuts to make him leave so she could get some sleep. They were in a different hotel. The Guild was all waiting for her to wake up. They were worried for her. That was nice. Ari was so tired though. Her eyes fluttered closed and she vaguely thought how nice it was to feel her limbs again...

... Ari sat in sandy dirt and as her eyes adjusted to the scene she relaxed, noting the familiar people, the familiar feeling of the world playing out before her. "I don't know how we're related." The beautiful female Jinn with jet-black hair smiled, shrugging elegantly as she lay back on a rock.

Lilif.

Pale moonlight glinted off a placid lake, and mountains like black shadows guarded their privacy. The male Jinn with his matching black hair and youthful beauty smiled back at her as he stepped out of the lake, refreshed from his midnight swim. "Do I really need to explain the mechanics to you?"

She threw a pebble at him, laughing. "Of course not. You know what I mean. We're so different. I'm so..."

"Petulant, spoiled, annoying?" He grinned teasingly.

She harrumphed. "I was going to say... destructive."

His smile melted now and he scowled. "True."

"And you're all about order and everything having its place."

He shrugged. "Together we balance it out."

His words made her smile now. "I think Master likes me the way I am, don't you?"

Her brother's mouth twisted, his eyes sparking with dry humor. "I think he more than likes you."

"He doesn't know me," she whispered, staring off into the night sky, a strange, almost dangerous look in her eyes. "He thinks he knows everything... but I'm going to surprise him."

Unease seemed to ripple through her brother and he narrowed his eyes on her. "You can never hope to master him, Lilif. Never."

As if she hadn't heard his words, Lilif looked back at him, her eyes huge and pleading. "Whatever happens, promise me you'll always be there for me. For anything I need of you. Promise," she insisted.

Wisdom flashed in his young eyes as he walked towards her in contrition, his expression sad. "I cannot make that promise. I love you. But I cannot make that promise."

She gasped, tears glittering in her eyes. "Is this it then? Is this how it will be between us from now onwards? No promises, no trust? Is this how it is to be a grown up?"

"No, sister." He shook his head slowly and reached out to catch a tear as it spilled from her luxurious eyes. "This is how it is to be immortal."

"No."

"No."

"Ari."

"No."

"Ari, wake up." She felt her body shake, strong arms grasping her wrists tight. Pulled from the dream, Ari's eyes flew open and automatically shut against the stinging light of day that streamed into the hotel room. A rough finger brushed her cheek and she shivered at the touch. Jai. Peeling her eyes open Ari sucked in a breath at the sight of him. He looked wonderful. He looked... worried. "You were having a nightmare," he told her softly, gently easing back into a chair he'd pulled up next to her bed. "You want to tell me about it?"

Needing to be at least sitting up, Ari struggled , waving Jai off when he tried to help. She felt disgusting. She must look disgusting. Ugh. Awkwardly she patted her hair, trying to brush the greasy strands back off her face. Lovely. "Hi." She smiled, a little embarrassed.

His answering smile nearly melted her insides and curled her toes. "Hey."

They were silent a moment, each seeming to tabulate each other's features, memorizing them. "The dream?" Jai asked, his voice hoarse.

Remembering her latest dive into a dream world where Lilif seemed to be the star, Ari frowned. "I keep having these dreams-"

"And you're just telling me now?" Jai scowled with concern.

Ari huffed with frustration. "Will you let me finish?"

Without apology Jai waved at her to continue.

"I started having them just after Charlie told us about the wish. So it was before we ever went to your father's house."

"Significance...?"

"It's always this Jinn woman. Beautiful, long dark hair. She's an immortal. And there's this other guy she's always fighting with. When you showed me the painting of Lilif, the artist's rendition of her really resembled this Jinn woman in my dreams."

Jai's brow puckered in confusion. "You're dreaming about Lilif? The first of the Lilif Jinn? The Seven Kings of Jinns' mother?"

Ari nodded. "I think so."

"Well, what are the dreams about?"

"Honestly?" Ari shook her head. "I have no fricking idea."

Jai thought a moment and sighed. "It could be nothing. The only connection between you is paternal - she is The White King's mother. Why don't we ask your uncle when we see him next?"

Despite the fact that Red had saved their lives numerous times now Ari still hesitated. "Do you think we should?"

Jai froze. "You don't trust him?"

"I don't know. Do you?"

"I don't know."

Ari sighed and gazed at the door. "Is Charlie OK? Fallon told me..."

Her guardian nodded and leaned in a little closer, the tiny diamond in his ear winking in the light. Why was that so hot? Ari's eyes travelled from it along his strong jaw where a five o clock shadow was appearing. He needed a shave. Ari had the sudden urge to rub her cheek against him. Her stomach clenched and she returned her focus to his eyes which seemed brighter than they had been seconds ago. "Charlie will be OK. He's dealing. It helps that The Roe's are treating him like a hero for saving Fallon and helping him understand it was self-defense."

"I'm proud of him for saving her."

"Good." Jai exhaled. "How proud?"

Bemused, Ari shifted, tugging her comforter closer. "What do you mean?"

"Are you proud as in 'girl who is in love with him proud' or 'proud of a purely platonic friend proud'?"

Ari bit back a laugh at the unexpected question. Jai was awful talkative and inquisitive today.

Oh. Realization dawned.

Her heart sputtered. "Platonic friend proud. Why?" she held her breath wondering if his answer would change everything. "Are you OK?"

His hand slid across the mattress and pulled at hers, enfolding it between his palms. She stared at it disbelieving for a moment and then glanced up at him, eyes wide and questioning. "Ari, I am more than OK."

"Oh?" she felt weak all of a sudden.

As if he understood, Jai stood up, his tall, powerful figure towering over her. Ari considered tugging on his hand and bringing him down on the bed with her, but decided she'd rather have clean hair and have brushed her teeth before he got that close to her. You're such a girl, she scolded herself.

"We'll talk when you're up and about," Jai promised, shocking her when he leaned down to brush his lips across her cheek, her skin tingling with fire as he pulled back. Overwhelming feeling took over her senses and Ari tugged on his hand, halting his departure. "Ari?" he whispered and she saw it! Relief flooded her as his eyes laid it all out on the table. He cared! He really, really cared. And he'd changed his mind. This is what this meant right? He'd finally... chosen her. Please... she almost closed her eyes in benediction. Please let him love me enough.

"Tell me now," she whispered, sliding her hand up his forearm, pulling him closer.

His gaze grew lidded and hot, his jaw clenched tight. "We should wait..."

"No." She shook her head, her heart banging so loudly she could barely hear over it. "Now."

Jai swallowed hard, his large hand reaching up to cup her face. "I lied before. It was never just as simple as attraction between us. I'm sorry it took me this long to admit it. I'm sorry it took me this long to... to choose you."

Ari's lips trembled, scared to feel the kind of happiness she was feeling right now. "Are you choosing me, Jai?"

His wicked smile made her stomach flip-flop and he nodded. "From now on the only choice I'll ever make is you."

Her lips parted and Ari couldn't stop the wide grin that settled over them, her eyes bright as she asked, "Really?"

Jai gave a huff of laughter. "Never doubt it." He leaned down, his mouth reaching for hers and Ari waited breathlessly-

-The sound of the door banging against the wall jolting them apart, Jai spun around and blocked Ari from whoever it was. At once he relaxed and stepped aside so she could see that the intruders upon their epic moment was none other than The Red King and Fallon.

Fallon's cheeks were blazing as she stormed towards the bottom of Ari's bed. "Charlie!" she gasped in outrage. "They've taken him!"

Confused fear shot through Ari and she lunged forward, towards Fallon, seeking answers. "What? Taken? What do you mean taken? Who are 'they'?"

In a cocoon of calm, The Red King took a casual step forward, though his eyes were filled with what Ari assumed was sympathy. "He's been escorted to Mount Qaf where he'll face trial for the murder of The Gleaming King's son."

"But a hybrid killing a hybrid never makes it to court," Jai snapped.

"Not just any hybrid." Red scowled. "A King's hybrid."

Impossible! They were to survive Dali, who had hunted Ari (a King's hybrid she might add!) and one of her own was to be punished for stopping him? No effing way. Fury and determination sucked the tiredness right out of her and Ari threw her covers back with an impressive amount of energy. "We need to go there. Now," she snarled when no one made a move.

The Red King sighed. "It would be dangerous to bring you to Mount Qaf. That's exactly what The White King wants. If you went... the only place you might be safe is staying at my quarters within the Sultan's palace."

That would mean living under the same roof as Azazil. A deep, icy cold crept over her and Ari fought to shake it off. She shrugged helplessly as she looked up into Jai's worried eyes. "It's Charlie."

Stone-faced Jai reached out and took her hand. "Then I guess we're going to Mount Qaf."

"Can we put a stop to it?" she asked, anchoring herself to Jai. "Can we get him back?"

The Red King quirked an arrogant eyebrow. "The Gleaming King will be prosecuting, so I say we have a shot."

A huff drew their attention and Fallon bristled from her position at the bottom of the bed. "My parents won't let me go to Mount Qaf." She turned to Ari. "He saved my life, Ari. You have to save him."

"Don't worry," Ari assured her, feeling braver now that she was fighting for someone else. "I'll die trying."

Epilogue - Twin Flames

The last time Ari had been at the palace she'd only seen one room. It had been the grand receiving room of the Sultan with all that confusing, icy cold glass. Mount Qaf didn't feel cold to her anymore even though she was assured the realm was still in the dead of winter. Awakening her Jinn blood had changed that. She felt perfectly comfortable (temperature wise) standing in a small reception room of the palace in jeans and t-shirt. The shower she'd taken at the hotel had been the quickest one ever and she'd barely given herself time to say a quick goodbye to the team of hunters before agreeing to the summons Red conjured that would take her to Mount Qaf along with Jai. Ms. Maggie had been left behind and already Ari missed her comforting presence. Once again her poltergeist had protected her, alerting Red to her kidnapping. Ari was beginning to wish she could meet the Ifrit for real. Now that Ari wasn't so blind with grief over Derek, even she was beginning to wonder now why the Ifrit was so keen to protect her.

Jai, Ari and The Red King stood before a blazing fireplace, a chaise longue and two Queen Anne leather chairs confusing Ari. There was even a beautiful library desk and green library lamp. Crowded bookshelves were crammed around the rock and emerald walls, and curtains billowed in the breeze coming in from the French doors that led to a balcony that looked over the mountains. Jai was staring out of the window in awe.

First time in Mount Qaf?

He threw her a disarmingly awed smile that made him look ten years old. Yeah. It's... unbelievable.

"I don't believe this," The Red King hissed, glancing around the room the Shaitan servant had led them to.

Ari's heart thudded in warning. "What?"

"This is part of Asmodeus' quarters."

"Asmodeus?" Ari and Jai asked in unison.

"That would be me," a familiar, deep silky voice entered the room and they spun around.

Ari's heart dropped out of her feet.

Standing before them was a coldly handsome young-looking man... well... Jinn. His black eyes flickered over Red and Jai disdainfully before falling on Ari with a curiosity that froze her to the spot. No way. Not him!

After a moment too long of staring at her, Asmodeus slanted his gaze at The Red King. "Sultan Azazil sends his apologies. He's rather busy at the moment so he sent me to welcome our guests to the palace."

"I'm surprised you said yes?" The Red King narrowed his eyes, a question in his words.

Asmodeus shrugged and Ari felt her chest constrict with panic. This wasn't happening. She eyed his familiar long black hair.

Jai? She found herself telepathing frantically.

Yes?

Lilif? Was Asmodeus her brother?

Her twin, Jai answered, turning slightly to catch her eye. How did you...?

Her breath left her. I've been dreaming about him too.

Jai's eyes narrowed. Well that can't be good.

No. I thought Lilif was an Ifrit. Asmodeus is a Marid, right?

Right, Jai agreed. They're like the Jinn version of fraternal twins. They're also ancient, mysterious and not to be messed with. We have to find out why you're dreaming-

"Young people," Asmodeus suddenly said, drawing their attention back to him. "Don't they know it's rude to have a conversation behind someone's back?"

"Well." The Red King strode forward, putting himself between them and Asmodeus. "Thank you for the welcome, Asmodeus. I'll take our guests to my quarters now."

With a cocked eyebrow, Asmodeus stepped back from the doorway and gestured as if to say 'you're free to leave.'

Following The Red King out of the door Ari couldn't help but chance a glance up at Azazil's famed first lieutenant. He was even taller than The Red King. As her eyes flickered over him they caught on the sight of a ring hanging from leather rope around his neck. Her gaze flew to his face in surprise. He wore a replica of the Seal around his neck so others would think he still protected it. His cold look crawled over Ari like frozen little spiders and she unconsciously grabbed Jai's hand as the door closed behind them. Her guardian pulled her closer.

Red was silent as he led them through the chilling corridors of the palace. Finally, after a few minutes of walking he said, "You will stay by Ari's side the entire time we're here, Jai, do you understand?"

"Yes, Your Highness."

"And Ari." Red spun around bringing them to a halt. His face was hard and colder than Ari had ever seen it. "If you find yourself alone with Asmodeus, and by alone I mean even if Jai is with you, you call on me. Do you understand?"

"He's dangerous?"

Red nodded. "He has an interest in you and I don't know why. Until I do, we're keeping you away from him."

Goosebumps rose on her arms and Jai slid a hand around her back, drawing her into his side. She smiled weakly but gratefully. Too much was happening.

"When does Charlie's trial start?" she asked as they started walking again, this time the nearness of Jai's body keeping her nervous jitters at bay.

"Tomorrow," Red responded sharply. "Gleaming will be leading it but because of your involvement Azazil will be overseeing it. Tomorrow is a dangerous day for you too, Ari. Charlie may or may not be sentenced for his crime, but you," he shot her a concerned look, "you will be laid bare for all to see. Azazil has forbidden The Gleaming King from mentioning your true importance. In the case of this trial you are The White King's hybrid and Dali sought to use your blood to power his talismans. It's something some sorcerers do with virgin blood."

She blushed at that.

"But there have always been rumors and speculation about the legend of a daughter born to Sala the Lilif and The White King. Some will seek to find out the truth. You're leaving yourself open to more enemies."

Fear was desperate to take control of her, so Ari concentrated on the thought of Charlie and where he was right now and what was happening to him. The fear suddenly dissipated as that knot within her chest pulsed and tightened, separating itself from her, pushing her out, taking control. The emotions from it flooded her and Ari fought to brush it off. She took deep breaths, feeling Jai's hand pressed harder against her back. Back in control, Ari still felt tendrils of the darkness the knot had tried to pollute her with - the fury and disgust that anyone would try to push her around. Ari braced her shoulders, her eyes blazing with more determination than she knew she had.

"Lilif herself could come back from the dead to hunt me down, and it still wouldn't stop me from saving Charlie."

The Red King stiffened at the mention of his mother and he eyed Ari carefully, warily even. Finally he nodded. "Then so be it."

To be continued...

