Prologue - Each Thread Pulled, Unravels Us

Milions of granules of glittering sand were suspended in the air al around them like a curtain of fragmented earth that enveloped them entirely. Bright sunlight shot through al the spaces in between each grain. Ari stared in awe for a moment, vaguely wondering if she would be able to create the same effect with the desert sand. It was like a fat funnel-as though a tornado had swept over the ground in a powerful, frantic dash only to have someone even more powerful hit the pause button on it.

Despite the extraordinary visual impact, Ari was more impressed with its purpose. It was a cocoon of privacy alowing mother and son to talk freely without sly and eager ears overhearing their words.

Turning her attention to Lilif and her son, The White King, Ari prowled around them. She was now used to her visions, or dreams, or whatever they were, and more than eager to learn more from them. The White King towered over his beautiful mother who appeared as if she were no older than him. Her tal, graceful frame was wrapped in a white dress, like a toga, a strangely colorless garment for Lilif-the jewels in her ears and on her fingers providing the only sparkle of color. Her dark locks were puled back in an elegant coiffure, a thin circlet of diamonds winking in the sun from its tight situation across her forehead. Entranced, as she always was by the female Jinn, it took Ari a moment to remember her real father's presence. His curious silence drew her eyes towards him as Lilif looked up lovingly into his face. As soon as Ari took him in she stopped, transfixed by his expression. For Ari, The White King was the coldest Jinn she had ever met. Only once had she witnessed him lose his cool, and even then it was the most controled anger she'd ever seen. White was the master of the blank expression, so it was with great surprise that Ari looked upon this younger version of the Jinn King and saw love and respect in his eyes, and a soft quirk of a smile on the corner of his lips. He was vulnerable before Lilif. Unguarded. More human, somehow.

"You know I love your theatrics, Mother, but is this realy necessary?" he smirked, gesturing to the sand cocoon around them.

Lilif's eyes narrowed. "Of course. Or have your brothers not caught your ears yet?"

Immediately White frowned. "Red and Glass are trying to cause mischief. I think father put them up to it. I assure you, I don't believe them."

"Good." Lilif placed a gentle hand on his forearm. "That brings me such relief, my son. I would never hurt any of my children. How can they accuse me of such an abominable thing?"

"Father," White answered grimly.

"That's why I have brought you here." Lilif stepped back from him, wringing her hands in a way that made Ari think she was lying. She frowned. This was not the Lilif Ari had come to know from her earlier dreams of her. "Azazil is trying to turn you al against me."

"Why? What has happened?"

"We have been disagreeing often on his selfish pursuit of pleasure. He seems to be uncaring of our ways, of our purpose. I fear that soon he wil even begin

interfering in his sons' purpose -that he may upset the balance by influencing you al to interfere in one another's days, to interfere with the Importants' destinies.

His petulance, his propensity for boredom wil destroy everything. Do you fuly understand what his childish irresponsibility wil lead to? Over time, each destiny that is broken, each path that is turned, each road that is lost, wil create cracks in the fabric of nature, of time, of space and of light. The realms wil start to colide into one another, until there is nothing but a wasteland of dust. Only the strongest wil survive. Only the immortal and the very powerful. We'l have to begin anew, alone in one, smaler world..."

Ari felt the breath leave her body at Lilif's prophecy, her stomach churning with fear. Were her words true? Is that realy what would happen if Azazil lost control of it al? Is that what The Red King had meant when he told her that the consequences of her using the Seal against the Sultan could be catastrophic? She gulped, suddenly very glad she had taken his advice.

Attention drawn back to White, Ari realized he was just as aghast. "So everything wil be gone, but us?"

"Almost. Azazil was the one who forewarned me of the consequences of tampering with the threads of our existence, and yet I believe, in the end, it wil be your father that brings such a disaster to fruition."

"Do the others know this?"

"If they don't, we have to tel them," Lilif whispered hoarsely, her eyes huge with concern. Ari narrowed her own eyes, not quite as taken in by Lilif as her son obviously was.

"Mother, we cannot let Father play these games he has been playing these last few years. Balance... the balance is our purpose."

Lilif nodded wearily. "It is. I brought you here to make you understand the importance of us standing united against your father. Even if that means standing united against your brothers."

The White King straightened with determination. "Gleaming wil want to know of this. He is just as suspicious as I am of Red and Glass' offensive claims of late."

"And Shadow?"

"Yes, Shadow also. Gilder and Lucky, I am not so sure of. You know they like to maintain cowardly neutrality."

"Don't speak so harshly of them, White. We may yet be able to appeal to their inteligent natures and their sense of honor. They do believe deeply in their purpose just as you do."

"I shal leave now and speak with them. We need to prepare them. We need to stand strong and try to counterbalance any unwritten chaos that upsets the balance."

"Hurry." Lilif reached up and stroked his cheek lovingly.

"I wil. It is my duty." With a respectful bow of his head, White stepped back and the flames of the Peripatos engulfed him.

Ari's eyes slid slowly back to Lilif and she watched, somehow unsurprised, as the Ifrit's entire demeanor changed. The prim white toga slid around her body with a life of its own, reshaping itself into a shimmering drape of a dress that clung to al her luscious curves. Two revealing slits ran up the length of the dress on either side, flashing her shapely legs from foot to thigh. Magical, invisible hands uncoiled her hair until it hung loose and wild to her waist. The manipulative, dangerous gleam that Ari had come to know was back in Lilif's dark eyes, the familiar cruel twist returned to her ful lips as she sneered at the space where White had just minutes ago been standing. "Just like your father, White. In more ways than you'l ever realize."

Before Ari had time to even attempt to work out Lilif's meaning the sand exploded in a scream al around them and Lilif's voice joined its whine. Grains sliced into Ari's skin and eyes, and she slapped at the attacking desert with useless heavy arms.

Claustrophobia gripped her chest and Ari slammed forward reaching for air, her eyes opening into the dark of the unfamiliar bedroom suite. Heart pounding, Ari slumped with relief as pale light from the huge moon outside the balcony iluminated the iron-framed bed she was in, as wel as the Moroccan iron screen and matching furniture.

Mount Qaf.

The momentary relief evaporated as she remembered.

Dali.

The Gleaming King.

Charlie. His trial.

Her fingers curled into the light silk comforter. Her uncle, The Red King, had put her in one of the rooms within his quarters of the palace. Despite his proximity, Ari stil feared being within the Sultan Azazil's home in Mount Qaf. Corridors away from him. Only corridors away from Lilif's dangerous and enigmatic twin, Asmodeus.

But only a room away from Jai. Her shoulders relaxed from their position by her ears and gradualy the rest of her began to unwind. She lay back down to stare at the ceiling and wondered if she should feel guilty that Jai's presence could bring her such comfort when miles beneath the palace Charlie was locked up in a dungeon awaiting his trial tomorrow?

Awaiting the trial that would determine whether he lived or died.

Ari already knew the outcome.

There was no way in hel she was letting her best friend die. No way.

No matter what.

1 - I'm a Mountain Against the Wind

Faling back to sleep was impossible. Ari didn't even know how she'd managed it in the first place.

She watched, huddled on her bed, as the moon drifted further away and the sky lightened. The winter sun began to play peek-a-boo over the mountains, the

emeralds waking up under its playful gaze.

Finally, Ari breathed inwardly, hopping out of bed. She hurried into the colorful bronze, blue and gold Moroccan tiled bathroom, rushing through a luxurious shower and blow-drying her hair with a hairdryer that looked surprisingly like the one she'd left back in Ohio. The Red King certainly wanted her to feel at home. Wel, she never would, but she couldn't help but feel grateful to her uncle for trying.

With adrenaline pulsing through her body, Ari rummaged through her smal bag for a clean pair of jeans and a tank top. The little gremlins she'd come to know and hate played kick-bal in her stomach as she concentrated.

Red, she caled through the telepathy, somehow knowing he didn't mind her being informal with him, You there?

Two seconds later flames hissed to life at the doorway and The Red King stepped out of the Peripatos. His long, bright red hair was puled back into a braid that brushed the bottom of his spine, and he wore black leather trousers that laced up the side. His torso was bare, his powerful build making Ari uncomfortable as the muscles of his biceps rippled under the gold circlets around them as he moved towards her. She noted the thick gold cuffs around his wrist and the ruby studs in his ears. He was dressed to impress. He was dressed for the trial.

Red's sharp, pale blue eyes flicked across her face, checking for... what? Injury? Sorrow? Concern? "Are you alright?"

Ari shook her head. "I want to see Charlie."

"I already told you, you can't."

An ugly, unexpected flare of anger burned in Ari's chest and she gulped hard trying to hold it back down. She needed to stay calm. "I just want to make sure he's okay."

Her uncle had begun to circle her and Ari hated that she stil felt intimidated when he did that. "You question my word? I assured you that he wil not be treated poorly. Don't you believe me?" There was an edge to the questions and just as Red obviously disliked being questioned so did Ari.

The dark knot in her chest unfurled and she whirled around to face him, eyes blazing. Didn't he realize she could command him to his knees? How dare he try to intimidate her? How dare he deny her the right to see Charlie?

How dare he-

"Ari?" Red gripped her upper arms, shaking her out of the coiling mist of rage that had enveloped her. She shuddered, coming back to herself, her breathing uneven.

Holy macaroons.

She'd let herself get lost in the power of the Seal. She'd promised them al she wouldn't do that and Ari had been so sure she could keep that promise. It's just-

"It's getting stronger." Red frowned, stepping back. "The Seal. It's trying to push you to use it."

Ari nodded numbly. She didn't need this crap right now. "I'l try harder," she whispered.

"You better. You need to have a handle on the darkness inside you, Ari. And the Seal is darkness. Never forget it."

Ari remembered her dream, of Lilif's teling of what would happen if too many threads were puled in the fabric of the universe's entire existence. The Seal could pul a milion threads and bring it al crashing down. She couldn't let that happen. "I promise. I can handle this. I promise," she insisted, her strange eyes blazing for a different reason now.

Watching her carefuly, Red finaly nodded. "Fine. The trial wil begin in an hour. I'l come get you. You should probably make sure Jai is awake and then stay with him until I return."

Once he was gone, Ari slumped down onto the bed. The Seal had taken over her so quickly that time. There was no build up, no threat to her, no reason. She'd been angry because Red wouldn't give her, her own way. What the hel was that about? Groaning, Ari buried her head in her hands. This was the last thing they needed right now. She had to be stronger than this.

Shaking out her hands, Ari pushed up onto her feet and straightened her shoulders.

She would be stronger than this.

Telepathing Jai, Ari let him know she was coming to his room.

Good. The deep rumble echoed around her head as she left her suite. Just that one word-the sound of his voice-and her pulse was jumping al over the place, the butterflies tickling her bely at the thought of seeing the face that went with the voice.

His door opened across the hal and Ari darted inside. His room was almost a mirror image of hers, except Jai (surprisingly) hadn't made his bed yet. Ari felt her cheeks heat at the thought of him lying under the rumpled covers without a stitch of clothing on. She felt her insides turn to mush and mentaly berated herself, wiling the fire out of her cheeks as she turned to face her guardian. Jai leaned back against the closed door, staring at her with this intense smolder that re-ignited al the heat that she was trying to douse. He was wearing his usual uniform of a plain black t-shirt that sculpted his awesome upper body, and black jeans and wel-worn, short biker boots. Jai was pure casual sexiness-he was hot without even trying, and al Ari wanted to do was to jump on him and let the heat set her alight.

Guilt pricked her conscience as she remembered exactly why they were here.

Good morning. Jai gave her a soft smile, his beautiful green eyes mesmerizing her. She felt dumbstruck for a moment. At her reaction, Jai's soft smile turned into a cocky grin, bringing Ari out of her stupor.

Ari made a face at him and he laughed. She couldn't help but smile at that. Jai rarely laughed and when he did it felt as if she'd dipped her toes into the warmest, most soothing bath ever. Morning. They'd decided that while in Mount Qaf, it would be wiser to talk to one another telepathicaly whenever possible.

He took a purposeful step towards her and Ari waited, her breathing growing shalow. The rich, exotic scent of him seemed to swim around her in heady waves, and she could have sworn she swayed a little just before he reached for her. There was barely space between them as she tilted her head back to meet his gaze. She felt the tentative touch of his large, strong hands on her hips, kneading softly as if testing the new ground they were on. Ari's breath fled her body at the expression on Jai's face. No one had ever looked at her like that before, like she was precious and extraordinary.

Like she was everything.

His hands slid slowly up her h*ps and around her waist. Ari couldn't help the shivers that rippled over her-shivers that made Jai's eyes flash and his lips part with his soft exhalation.

Vaguely, Ari remembered that she shouldn't be doing this. That there was something important to be done...

Jai's head dipped towards hers and Ari trembled again, thoughts on overload in her brain. Jai's mouth, his taste, his heat, the bed, the rumpled covers, Jai's abs, his hands, a trial, danger, Charlie.

Oh crap, Charlie.

She froze just as Jai's lips were about to touch hers. He halted and puled back a little, a confused furrow between his eyebrows. What?

Oh man, this wasn't going to go over wel, but surely Jai wanted her to be honest with him? I don't feel right about us... doing anything while Charlie is in

trouble. Plus, The Red King said maybe we should keep our relationship under wraps for a while. I didn't agree at first, but the more I think about it, I

think he might be right. People might try to use my feelings for you against me and vice versa.

Jai took a step back, letting go of her, and Ari immediately regretted speaking up. She wanted his lips back and his hands al over her. She wanted to pul his t-shirt off and put her hands al over him. But more than anything she wanted her possible boyfriend (oh God that word made her want to grin like an idiot) to stop looking at her like that. Like he was pissed. So, you want us to pretend we're not together?

Just in public.

He narrowed his eyes on her, the thick lashes almost obscuring the vivid irises. We're not in public.

But Charlie...

A dark cloud trembled over Jai's face and he brushed past her, his anger trailing at the back of him like open flames. Ari winced and turned to face him. Okay, she wasn't stupid. She knew that sounded bad. This isn't about me and Charlie, if that's what you're thinking.

Jai scoffed and refused to look at her, instead standing with his hands braced on the balcony railings as he looked out over the mountains. His brooding silence filed the room until Ari felt like she couldn't breathe.

Great. Their first day as... whatever they were, and she'd already hurt him.

It's not because I'm in love with him and feel like I'm betraying him, she tried to explain. It's just, he's here facing death because he saved someone's

life, and I don't feel like I should be allowed to be happy until I know he's safe. And being with you... well, it makes me happy. Even with all this

going on.

Jai sighed and slowly turned his head to look at her. You promise?

The question caused an ache inside of her. This was a side to Jai she'd never seen before. He realy was insecure about Charlie, and he couldn't hide it anymore. He was making himself vulnerable to her.

Wow.

A rush of overwhelming love caved in on Ari's chest and she struggled a moment to catch her breath. She had to reassure him somehow. He had to know how she

felt. Taking tentative steps toward him, Ari smiled with her eyes. I told you I don't think of Charlie that way anymore. And I also made it clear to him how I

feel about you.

Surprise lit his eyes and Jai straightened to his ful height, turning to face her. Just as quickly as the surprise had hit him, the spark of hope she saw in his eyes faded.

He glowered at her. You told Fallon you'd die trying to save him here.

Realization dawned as she closed the distance between them. Ari had almost died to save Jai from an Haqeeqah-the essence of the emerald of Mount Qaf in its purest form, a weapon-and it was what had finaly made him realize how much Ari truly cared for him. Did he now think that, because she'd die for Charlie, it somehow meant the same thing?

Shaking her head, Ari reached up to touch his face, something she'd wanted to do almost from the moment she'd met him. Her fingers gently stroked his cheek, tracing his high cheekbones and lower to the firm, hard cast of his jaw-line. Instead of leaning into her touch as she'd dreamed he would, Jai tensed. Jai, she pleaded quietly, if you hadn't noticed, I'm a guts and glory kind of girl. I think I'd die trying to protect anyone I care about. It's just the way I'm wired, I guess. I

would die trying to protect Charlie because I love him. He's my family, and I don't want to lose any more family. She took another step so her body pressed flushed to him, her fingers faling to his lips. The sound of his shalow breathing emboldened her. But Jai... I would die a hundred deaths to save you...

because the thought of being here without you now, the thought of losing you... is unimaginable. Their eyes locked and heat bloomed in her cheeks as Jai pressed closer to her, his hand sliding across her lower back and gently guiding her even more tightly against him. Jai, you have no idea how much I've fallen in

love with you. I don't think a person could fall any harder.

His eyes widened, his lips parting with unspoken surprise. Suspended anticipation sprung between them and then immediately snapped at the sound of a loud knock at the door.

He hadn't responded to her declaration.

Ari bit back a curse. Everyone was always interrupting them!

The door banged open before Jai could answer the knock, and to Ari's utter shock, The White King stroled casualy into the room, his emerald robes bilowing at the back of him. The snap of fabric barely missed the one-eyed face of his monstrous Nisnas, Vadit, who trotted awkwardly behind him with his one arm and one leg.

Ari vividly remembered his attack with a wince...

She cut off into a silent scream as the monster launched into the air towards her, its mouth open wide. Ari threw her hands up to cover her face, closing her eyes tight and waiting for her subconscious to rip her out of the nightmare. Instead she felt the impact of it hit, her body slamming to the floor with a painful thud that knocked the breath right out of her. Her head smacked against the mirrored floor in eye-watering pain. A sharp streak of light shot across her eyes and then she felt wet heat clamp down on her forearm.

Agony ricocheted through her whole system as the monster's teeth tore through her flesh.

... Stunned at his flagrant disregard for his father's wishes, Ari stood immobile as The White King eyed Jai blankly. "This is the Ginnaye?" he asked in his flat voice.

Jai was studying him carefuly; unaware who they were dealing with since he'd never actualy met The White King. Ari wanted to grip his hand and tug him behind her. Instead she sighed as if she were dealing with a mere nuisance rather than a powerful and dangerous immortal. Yeah, she was going to take a leaf out of dear old dad's book and play the game his way. "Jai, this is The White King."

His Ginnaye instincts had him moving with reflexes so fast Ari was only just quick enough to pul him back to her, as Vadit let out a string of rumbling warning growls.

"Vadit, hush," The White King commanded as he held up a beseeching hand to Jai. "I just want to converse," he promised smoothly.

Her attempt to push Jai behind her was met with angry disbelief and she resigned to letting him stand at her side. Jai reminded her of a pot boiling over, al frothy and impatient. Ari's muscles tensed as fear coalesced in her chest. She didn't want Jai anywhere near White.

However, perhaps it was the memory of her dream in which she'd seen how White had once been... 'approachable' ... but Ari found herself unafraid of him for

her own sake. Or maybe she was just tired of running from him. Eyeing him suspiciously, Ari crossed her hands over her chest in defiance and took a step forward.

"About what?"

Something flickered in his gaze at her new attitude, and she could almost see him re-calculating whatever plan he'd come here with. "I want to help you save Charlie."

"And we're just to believe that?" Jai growled.

The Jinn King's eyes slid so slowly over to Jai the room was given time to ice over with his menace. "Perhaps you should colar your dog, daughter. His refusal to show me deference might get him put down."

Instead of frightening him, Ari knew it only made Jai want to attack. She shot her guardian a warning look and he glared at her. I'm not a fool. I'm a trained

Ginnaye. Do you think I'm going to attack an immortal Jinn King?

To be honest she wasn't sure. Jai was more impulsive where she was concerned. Just as she often reacted without thinking where he was concerned.

"If you could make your point without being rude, it would be appreciated," Ari replied to White.

To her surprise, White nodded. "If you agree to return to my home here in Mount Qaf for an indefinite amount of time, I wil speak for Charlie at his trial. Together, Red and I can save him."

The words unlocked the darkness. It uncoiled in her chest like a python lashing out at its nearest victim and Ari had to grab hold of it, slamming her eyes shut and gritting her teeth to stop herself from commanding White to be suppliant to her for daring to use Charlie's predicament against her. She reined in the darkness and shoved it back down, her hands trembling so much she had to clench them into fists.

She could say yes and Charlie could walk away unscathed. But she'd be here at the mercy of White, who wanted to bring Azazil to heel. Had it been so long since his talk with his mother that he'd forgotten what such a thing would do to the world? Or was that what he wanted now?

Praying Charlie would never find out that she'd walked away from a chance to save him, Ari shook her head. "I'm never going to trust you, you know. Your deals, your seeming patience... it's al hiding the truth. You'l destroy us."

She thought she caught a note of wonder in White's eyes before he cocked his head to the side in that alien and disturbing way of his. "Your stubborn determination to ignore me is going to get one of your friends kiled, Ari. I am surprised at you." His eyes narrowed and then he looked at Jai. "Or maybe I am targeting the wrong friend." Jai glared back at him, unflinching. "Is that what you want? Me, to hurt him?"

"As stupid as this may sound to you, al I want is to be left alone."

White shook his head, his eyes finding her again. "I made you, Ari. I made you for a purpose. I am not going to walk away."

"Why?" She took an unthinking step towards him, and at Vadit's growl, she felt Jai's strong hand wrap around her wrist and pul her back. "Do you realy think commanding your father to your bidding is in line with your supposed wishes to return things to the way they should have been; to maintain the balance? According to Red, commanding Azazil to your every whim could bring destruction to the realms." Okay, maybe Red hadn't said al that, but Lilif had.

The White King froze at the knowledge she had acquired, and then he sighed as if deciding it didn't matter. "I do not want to command my father for every little whim, Ari. I just want one thing from him. Something he wil never hand over unless I force it from him. One thing."

Ari shook her head, disbelieving. "You said yourself you want to be Sultan."

"Did I? I do not remember ever saying that. I said I want to return the order. Everyone else believes that my purpose is to dethrone Azazil. Let them. My father knows better. He knows exactly what I want, and he wil play my brothers off of each other to keep me from getting it. But he knows you can get me what I want. He knows, Ari, and he wil do whatever it takes to stop that from happening. So you should think very carefuly before you trust him."

Trying not to let him play mind games with her, Ari shrugged. "What thing? What's the thing you want?"

"Something that wil restore the Jinn world. Something that wil insure that chaos remains within its own space and does not intrude into others and bring the destruction you have spoken of."

For a moment, Ari was lost in the unusual sincerity in White's gaze, but the sound of Jai clearing his throat made her shake her head, spiling the strange and unwelcome questions out of it. "I'm sorry. I can't help you. I don't trust you, and I want nothing to do with the power within me. I'd quite happily spend the rest of my life pretending it doesn't even exist."

White's features froze and a grim determination etched into the hardness. "That is foolish and naive. Soon others wil discover what you are. You are going to spend the rest of your life running and fighting unless you let me help you. Unless you help me."

"Here's the thing... Red is just as powerful as you are and he's protecting me with no apparent strings attached. I don't need you to protect me."

"My brother is my father's puppet, Ari. He protects you as long as Azazil wishes him to protect you. You wil discover that hard truth soon enough." He took a step towards her, and Ari wanted to step back. Her real father was so huge he could crush her windpipe with one squeeze of his hand. "I am not asking for much from you, daughter. I want one thing, and then you wil be free. I would even free your mother."

Cheap shot. Ari sneered, disgust awakening the darkness again. She shoved it back down and let her own anger take over. "I might have a little more faith in your promises if you did anything that wasn't ninety-nine percent selfish. Free my mom just for the hel of it, and maybe we'l talk."

The White King shook his head, his expression blank once more. "I am a businessman, and that is bad business."

Ari shrugged again, looking braver than she felt. "Then I guess this meeting is over."

"I'd say it is," Red growled as he moved through the open doorway with a predatory anger. "Azazil commanded you to keep your distance, White."

With barely a glance at his brother, White urged Vadit towards the door, and with a look of utter boredom he replied flatly as he brushed past Red, "As if I ever listen to father."

As soon as he was gone, Ari let out the breath she didn't even know she'd been holding.

The Red King strode towards her purposefuly, his body seeming to vibrate with uncoiled anger. "Are you okay?"

Jai rubbed a comforting hand over her shoulder. "She handled herself beautifuly."

She shot him a grateful smile and nearly melted at the pride in his eyes.

Oh wow.

A throat clearing broke their gaze and Ari glanced up at her uncle. He smirked at her knowingly, and then, just as quickly, grew serious. He nodded at her. "You can tel me what White said after. For now... it's time for Charlie's trial."

2 - The Lawlessness of Kings and Courts

It had taken a while for Charlie's lungs to get used to the thick, rich smel of damp soil. It was everywhere. The ground was untouched, packed dirt. The wals, at least here, had been quarried of their emerald. If he'd had to sit al night in a room with emeralds, he might have gone insane with need. Charlie winced as he leaned his head back against the dirty rock and nicked his scalp. That was about the fiftieth time he'd done that.

He eyed the bars that formed his cel down in the dungeons of the Sultan Azazil's palace. They were the only source of light, the iron aglow with a fiery magic. He'd been warned by the huge Shaitan that had thrown him in here that if he touched the bars he would be incinerated. After hearing a scream wrench the night air last night, folowed by the vomit-inducing stench of burnt flesh, Charlie was glad he'd chosen to sit in the farthest corner of the smal space and take the Shaitan at his word. After the scream of the dying man wrenched the air the chatter, al around him from the other prisoners had silenced into death and somehow, impossibly, Charlie had drifted in and out of sleep.

The Red King had visited him the night before, the secret of Red's part in turning Charlie into a sorcerer threading a fragile bond between them. Charlie didn't know what Red wanted, or if he was only folowing the Sultan's orders, but he liked to think of Red as an alright guy. At least whenever he looked at Ari, Charlie was sure he detected feeling in the Jinn King's gaze. He had to believe that one of these scary ass creeps were on their side.

He had to believe that Red wasn't going to let him die today.

The Jinn King had promised him that much last night, making an oath to do everything he could to save Charlie's life. Charlie's stomach roiled and his chest squeezed tight with fear. How had everything culminated in this? His life was weird, no joke, but this? Sitting in a dungeon in another realm, waiting to find out whether he was going to die for kiling a maniacal sorcerer?

Maybe he'd smoked a little too much dope this last year, he thought regretfuly.

A crackle hissed in the air and Charlie heard the mumblings of a guard and the shuffling of feet. Was that the first prisoner being released for trial?

Was it only a day ago he was sitting with Falon as she soothed him over the Jai and Ari situation? The Roes had been briliant, helping him work his way through the guilt of kiling a man.

He'd kiled a man.

Worse stil, his best friend was stil too weak from her own attack at the hands of the same man to help talk him through it. And just to add bitter sour cream icing onto the top of that piece of crap cake, Jai had been sitting at Ari's bedside, waiting for her to wake up so he could tel her he wanted to be with her.

Charlie had lost Ari.

Falon was a comfort. Charlie could listen to her talk about nothing and everything and for a while it kept the world at bay. That's what she'd been doing-talking to him about her first job as a hunter, her smal hands tucking his growing hair behind his ear, rubbing his shoulders, stroking the tattoo around his wrist, measuring her smal hand against his own. Sily, familiar stuff that made him feel close to her, that numbed the pain of losing someone so exquisite as his Ari. And he had no one else to blame but himself.

His walowing had been interrupted by The Red King who'd burst out of the Peripatos to warn him, too late, that Jinn were coming from Mount Qaf to arrest him for Dali's death. The two Shaitans had arrived on the back of Red's warning.

Charlie couldn't remember getting to Mount Qaf. He tried and tried but there was nothing there. One minute he'd been in shock at Red's warning and the next he was being dragged down a dark earthen tunnel, fire flickering out at him from medieval-looking wal sconces. He'd passed cel after cel until he was thrown into his own.

Had he realy anyone else to blame but himself for his predicament? Al along this is what Ari had feared for him when he'd told her he'd become a sorcerer to take vengeance against the Labartu that had kiled his brother, Mike. He'd been warned that kiling a ful-blooded Jinn would end up with him facing a death penalty in Mount Qaf. Charlie had come to terms with that as long as it meant the Labartu was dead.

But to be forced to face trial for kiling a half-blood and one who'd almost kiled Ari? Wel that stuck in his craw more than a little.

He bet it stuck in Ari's too. The Red King had told him she was here with Jai and had asked to see him, but she wasn't alowed. Charlie pounded a fist in the dirt beside him. He hoped she was wel enough to be here. He prayed she wasn't going to do something inadvisably stupid to set him free. God, he hoped she wasn't going to be like him.

And selfishly, underneath it al, Charlie was glad she'd taken off after him. That he stil meant enough to her to drop everything, including Jinn-Boy Jai. A stupid part of him stil hoped that maybe fearing for him would make her remember their bond. That they were family...

... "Okay, who's winning?" Charlie grinned as he strode back into the sitting room with a glass of ice-cold Coke for Ari. It was a blistering summer day

and the a/c in the house had broken, leaving them to use crappy fans that just blew recycled hot air back at them.

Mike frowned over at him from his place beside Ari on the floor, the game controller dangling from his hand. "Where's mine?"

Charlie shrugged. "I only have two hands."

Sighing at him, Ari tried to hand the Coke he'd given to her to Mike. His kid brother grinned at her and shook his head. "Thanks, Ari, but I'll get my

own." His grin transformed to a glare when he looked at Charlie. "Don't think I don't know you did that deliberately so I'd have to give up the control."

That was exactly why he'd done it. The brat had been hogging the game, and Ari, since she'd gotten here.

Ari wrinkled her nose. "Well, I'd suggest I give up my controller so you two can play each other, but we all know how that ends and I am not in the mood to clean up blood today."

Mike grumbled and jumped to his feet. As soon as he left the room, Charlie slid in closer to Ari as he grabbed up the controller, his bare knee touching her bare knee. He tried to be cool as he checked her out in her short shorts and tank top. Aw man, thank God for heat waves. They were a teenage boy's

dream come true.

Ari laughed, drawing his gaze up and he found her strange but beautiful eyes twinkling mischievously at him. "Are you done?"

Charlie laughed off the embarrassment of being caught checking her out and nudged her with his elbow as he stared at the screen, starting a new game.

"You did wear those shorts."

She chuckled again and the sound hit him right in his good-for-nothing places. He sucked in a breath. Being fifteen and friends with Ari was hard on his libido. "Charlie, you're wearing shorts."

He frowned at his long board shorts. "Not the same thing."

"Maybe it is for me. Maybe I find it just as distracting, but I don't blatantly check you out."

At the flirtatious note in her voice, Charlie turned to look at her again. Her cheeks were a little pink but she was still grinning at him. "You checking me out?" Whoa, he did not mean for his voice to go all low and suggestive like that.

Ari's smile slipped and he watched her breath catch with a sense of elation. "Maybe."

With no control over his actions, Charlie's gaze dipped to her mouth. He had thought about that mouth a lot lately. Okay, more than a lot. Like, every

second.

"What, you haven't even started a new game?" Mike complained as he sauntered back into the room and broke Charlie's epic moment with Ari.

Ari laughed and shifted a little so there was more space between them.

Charlie sighed and contemplated fifty different ways to get rid of his little brother. "We're just about to."

"Well if you're this slow starting, I'm putting ten bucks on Ari whipping your ass." Charlie raised an eyebrow at him and Mike sighed. "Butt. Whipping

your butt."

"I'll take that bet," Charlie replied, reaching over to shake his kid brother's hand. Ari cleared her throat and the two Creaghs stopped to look at her.

"What?"

Ari shrugged. "You're about to lose ten bucks. I mean, Mike at least has a fighting chance with me, but you..."

"You think Mike is better than me at Super Mario Bros?"

"Oh definitely."

Mike laughed happily.

Charlie glared at them both and then turned determinedly to the screen. "Oh it's on."

... Charlie was shaken from his memories as a Shaitan approached his cel. The guard from last night. The Shaitan raised a hand and the glow around the bars

disappeared as the bars slid back into the rock to alow Charlie to exit.

"It's time." The Shaitan gestured to him with shimmering shackles dangling from his hand.

Charlie stood up and eyed the shackles warily, his knees threatening to buckle. The Shaitan seemed to sense his terror and laughed at him, black eyes flashing red.

His mockery was like a bulet in Charlie's ass. Stop being a p**sy, you can do this.

Shrugging on a pretense of cool, Charlie met the Shaitan and turned around at his direction. The glowing shackles didn't burn, but they were heavy as they snapped around his wrists. Walking between the two Shaitans out of the dungeon was humiliating, but as they wound their way up through the earthen tunnels and up a spiraling staircase, Charlie knew true humiliation. The wals of rock around them opened out into wider corridors and inset in the rock was the famed emeralds of Mount Qaf.

The pul of their power whispered to Charlie-it was almost as if every single stone was sucking a little bit of him towards them. He stumbled and groaned, the hunger heavy inside him and the two Shaitans laughed again.

"That is what happens when children are given power beyond their ability to control. They whimper like kittens after milk."

Their laughter enflamed Charlie's cheeks and he attempted to ignore the power of the emeralds, his teeth aching with the strength it took him. He tried to focus on his surroundings but there were no doors here, no windows, no pictures, no servants, only torches suspended high along the wals.

When he saw the arched doorway at the end of the corridor, relief shot through him. He wanted out, he wanted away from the emeralds.

The door creaked open and a blast of freezing cold air stung his eyes and whooshed down his throat. He coughed a little, letting his lungs adjust to the fresh but icy air. He blinked as he was pushed forward and the scene around him caused his heart to throb from behind his rib cage.

He shivered in his thin t-shirt.

It was like something out of Gladiator.

Before him was a huge amphitheater, ascending seats rising up away from a huge space in the center where Jinn were waiting on him. Jinn were crowded in the

thousands on the seats, a sea of bodies garbed in vibrant silks and velvets and cottons al in the brightest of jewel colors- emerald greens, purple amethysts, sapphire blues and ruby reds. It was like staring into an open treasure box. The amphitheatre itself was less ancient Rome and more Moroccan in appearance, with its stone arches carved with arabesques and twisted pilars wrapped in champagne, ruby and emerald fabric-fabric that fluttered gently in the breeze as if dying to unwrap its arms from around the pilars and fly into the wind. Charlie understood the feeling. Pushed forward again, Charlie descended the stairs in front of him, trying to ignore the murmurs of the Jinn around him. His pulse sped up at the strange mirrored floor beneath his feet, its glass covering the entire main floor space. Shadows against the winter sky caught his eyes in the reflection, and Charlie glanced upwards, his breath leaving him at the sight in the sky above the crowds. News of the Jinn Kings'

involvement in a trial must have traveled because the whole place was so packed there were Jinn floating in the air above the seating, like brightly colored hummingbirds watching him with curious eyes. Charlie gulped, seeing a Jinn sitting upon a floating rug. He felt like rubbing his eyes to make sure he was seeing right. It had al just gotten a little too 'Aladdin and his lamp' on him.

Before Charlie could crumple under the stress of being in such a surreal situation, his gaze drew past the flying Jinn and magic carpet and widened at the sight of the mountains glimmering green in the sun in the distance. Now that was awe-inspiring, he licked his lips almost greedily, the need for the emeralds suddenly over-powering any possible humiliation he'd felt earlier.

A prickle of awareness crawled up his neck as he strode into the center and he glanced to his left only to lock his gaze with eyes of a changing color. A worried Ari gave him a tremulous smile as she sat in the front row, dark circles under her eyes teling him she had been up for hours, probably because of her anxiety over today. A rush of warmth flooded his chest and he gave her a tentative smile, feeling better just for having her there. The smile slipped from his lips though as his gaze tripped over the person sitting far too close to her.

Jai.

He gave the Jinn a brittle nod and turned back to face center. Everything felt so surreal, so off, his vision seeming to come in and out. A smal round stage sat center and the Shaitan urged him onto it. The Red King stood off to his left and he gave Charlie a sharp nod of encouragement. On his right was a Jinn almost as tal as Red, his bare head gleaming in the winter sun. Like Red he seemed dressed for the part in black leather trousers, gold armlets, gold wrist cuffs, and a torque around his neck.

Jewels glittered on his fingers and in his ears. His black eyes bore into Charlie with dangerous hatred, and Charlie quickly looked away from who he assumed was The Gleaming King, only to come face to face with life and death itself. The power of the Jinn in front of him almost blew him back off his feet. Charlie felt frozen under the Jinn's dark gaze. The Jinn was huge, even sitting down on his black marble throne. His long, silver-white hair stayed perfectly stil around his face despite the soft breeze that seemed to whisper through everyone else's. Turquoise silk robes fel in a waterfal around him. His powerful torso was bare underneath the robes while his long, powerful legs were wrapped in the same black leather as Red and the other Jinn King.

This was Azazil, the Sultan of al Jinn.

Charlie didn't need to be told that.

The Sultan smirked cheekily at him and Charlie blinked, not sure whether he saw right or not. The blink shifted his gaze to Azazil's left and he quickly looked away from the massive, young-looking, dark-haired Jinn who was staring at him as if he were about to eat him.

Footsteps interrupted Charlie's inward frantic thoughts and he looked down to see Red approach him.

"Charlie. How are you?"

He shrugged, pretending indifference. "I'm dealing."

"I'l be defending you today against my brother, The Gleaming King." He gestured to the Jinn with the bald head.

Charlie nodded. "Okay."

Sighing, as if he were already weary with the trial, Red nodded his head towards the white-haired Jinn and his companion. "That is Sultan Azazil. He is accompanied today by his Lieutenant, Prince Asmodeus."

Charlie resisted the urge to bite the skin around his thumb like he did when he was sitting in an exam. "Is the Sultan... you know the judge?"

"No. Azazil watches over the trial. The Marid," Red indicated a tal, slim man who was sitting in a sprawled out, bored position just along from Ari, "His name is Adeel: the just, the wise."

"He looks bored."

"Wel the trial hasn't started yet."

"So Azazil has no say in this?"

Red nodded in assurance, and for some reason the knowledge that the mercurial and frankly, insane, Sultan had no part in the outcome of his trial made Charlie feel better-insane or not, the guy was al-powerful.

He shot another quick glance at Azazil. "Do I need to bow or anything?"

Red smirked. "Only when you're acquitted."

"Ooh I'm liking the confidence." Charlie rubbed his sweaty hands down his jeans. "Confidence is key."

Chuckling, Red nodded and retreated.

Sucking in a deep, controled breath, Charlie tried not to let his legs shake again. He was going to make it through this. Today did not feel like the day he was going to die.

Right?

Ari watched as Charlie was led into the amphitheater by the Shaitans, and her stomach almost bottomed out. Seeming to sense her anxious gaze, Charlie turned and caught her eye. She offered him a reassuring smile and he returned it before giving Jai a sharp nod as he headed towards the center of the floor.

"I feel sick," she murmured to Jai, pressing her thigh against his in comfort.

Immediately her skin prickled, like little uncomfortable needles al over her face. Her heart literaly skipped a beat as she glanced up to find Azazil smirking at her, and Asmodeus watching her with an emotionless but somehow focused expression. She gulped and fought to restrain herself from digging her hands into Jai's arm.

Do you think he heard me? Azazil, I mean. Look at the way he's looking at me.

Probably, Jai replied softly, Let's just stick to telepathy while we're here, okay.

Yeah. Okay. She shrugged off Azazil and Asmodeus' frightening attention and glanced back at Charlie. He was shivering in the winter of the realm and Ari wondered bitterly why, if he was going to make a dumbass wish to be a sorcerer, he couldn't have gotten the nifty temperate temperature bit of the deal. She should have brought him a sweater or something.

Jai pressed his leg back against hers, drawing her attention. Have you thought about what we're going to do if Red doesn't pull this off?

Loving that he used the word 'we', Ari wanted to take hold of his hand in hers, but with Azazil watching on and Red's warning earlier, she managed to refrain from seeking comfort in Jai's touch. I honestly don't know.

Ari, he was using his 'I'm older, wiser and a guardian' voice, You're not thinking of using your power are you? That's a death wish.

I don't know, Jai. I just know that I can't let him die.

She felt his body tense next to her.

Don't worry, her words were soft and cajoling, My power is the last resort. I'll speak up first. For all their twisted ways, Jinn believe in honor and

upholding their laws. Well, Gleaming's son attacked me-a full-blood. He was going to kill me- a crime punishable by death. Let's see Gleaming talk

his way out of that.

After a second, she felt Jai relax, his arm brushing hers in a way that sent inappropriate tingles shooting to inappropriate places. Her eyes fel to his hand that was fisted atop his thigh. Slowly, his fingers unfurled as he relaxed, believing her. He had nice hands, she mused, strong but graceful. Just the sight of them gave her tingles too.

Flushing, Ari was glad for the distraction as The Gleaming King spoke out to the arena.

"Ladies and gentlemen, we are here today to bring my son justice." He strode in front of Charlie, his powerful muscles flexing in a way that made Ari gulp for Charlie's sake. His eyes driled into her friend with bitter hatred and it took everything she had not to throw herself in front of him and hide him from Gleaming's view.

"This monster, this half-blood, pretender of Jinn, kiled my son in cold-blood..."

...Unlike any trial Ari had ever witnessed, Gleaming and Red argued back and forth about the events that led to Dali's death with no real sense of logic-there was no offering of evidence for a start. It was just assumed that a Jinn King was to be believed.

The argument was difficult for Red because he was trying to keep Ari's involvement in this whole ugly business as low key as possible.

"The case is not about what my son did, Red!" Gleaming belowed and Ari found herself almost sneering. Red and even her father, White, were so cool and

colected that she couldn't help admire that about them. Gleaming was a hot-head and he came across as petulant, childish and undignified. Plus, he was trying to nail her best friend to a cross. "This boy, this barely Jinn, half-human murdered my son." He turned to the crowd. "A knife in the back, if you please."

The crowd gasped at that, and Ari heard the murmurs of 'coward' ripple through the arena.

"He was in the middle of choking to death a Guild hunter. Charlie saved the girl's life," Red caled out, trying to draw their attention back, but it seemed to have no effect.

Ari glanced anxiously at the Marid, Adeel, who was judging the trial. Earlier he'd looked half-asleep but now he was sitting up, studying Charlie carefuly. She swalowed hard, noting Charlie flex his hands, seeing the tremble in his fingers.

She felt like crying for him.

"If I may," a strong, familiar voice rang out around them and al heads turned to where Charlie had entered earlier.

Shock and frightened anticipation froze her in place and she felt Jai press closer to her as The White King garnered everyone's attention. Blank-faced, he strode towards the center of the amphitheater and addressed Adeel. "I have a testimony to make on the accused's behalf."

There were more gasps, including Ari's.

Adeel bowed his head at The White King. "The White King is of course alowed to provide his side of the events."

Ari's eyes locked with Charlie's as his head whipped around to her, his eyes questioning her silently. She shook her head, letting him know she hadn't arranged this.

"What are you doing, White?" Gleaming asked quietly, al his posturing deflating under his brother's gaze.

White didn't answer him. He looked right through him and then turned to the crowds. "This trial is irrelevant. Had Charlie Creagh not kiled Dali, son of Gleaming, Dali himself would be here facing inevitable death for kidnapping and torturing, with the intent to kil, my daughter Ari Johnson." He eyed her in the crowd and she felt the murmurs rise and the gazes fal on her. "My daughter is a ful-blooded Jinn."

"Can it be? Is it Sala, the Ifrit's daughter?"

"Full-blood? She must be Sala's long lost child."

Her mother's name ricocheted around the arena, and Ari's fearful gaze found Red's. His expression was grim. Now everyone knew who she was.

This was only the beginning.

"What say you, Wise Adeel?" White continued on and Ari chanced a glance at Azazil. He was watching The White King in amusement. A burning in Ari's cheeks

drew her gaze to Asmodeus and to her fright she found his gaze was stil upon her, not the proceedings. Shifting anxiously under his attention, Ari quickly looked away and to Adeel.

"You are saying that Dali was kiled because he was trying to murder your ful-blooded daughter, Your Majesty?"

"The Red King and I had to forcefuly obtain Dali's whereabouts from The Gleaming King after learning he had taken her."

Astonishment rippled through the Jinn audience and Adeel frowned. "The Gleaming King was wilingly alowing the torture of a ful-blood by a half-blood?"

"Yes," Red and White replied in unison.

At the immediate growl from Gleaming's direction, Ari felt her stomach flip with relief and her shoulders sagged. Adeel stood to his feet and addressed the Sultan.

"From the testimonies of two Jinn Kings, I have no choice but to alow Charlie Creagh to return in freedom to the mortal realm, Your Majesty. One: he kiled a half-blood. There is no law against half-bloods kiling one another. The fact that the half-blood was Royal may certainly have swayed the ruling otherwise, but since that Royal half-blood would have been executed for his crimes against a ful-blood, I am un-swayed. No law was broken on Charlie Creagh's part. I see no reason to continue the trial, Your Majesty."

Azazil nodded and with a yel of outrage, Gleaming fled into the Peripatos.

Stunned that it was over so abruptly and that The White King had done what he'd said he'd only do if Ari bent to his wil, Ari could only look on as the crowds of Jinn folowed, some more reluctantly than others as they watched Ari, waiting for her to make a move. Yes, there would be gossip now.

Trying to shrug it off, to focus on what mattered, she lifted her eyes to find Charlie. He was standing next to the Red King, grinning over at her in exhaustion and relief.

3 - Your Kind Wickedness...

Hiss and crackles filed the amphitheater and bright bursts of fire exploded here, there and everywhere, like fireworks on New Year's Eve as the Jinn emptied from the amphitheater with utter dissatisfaction at the trial being canceled. Ari could stil feel the tingle of the Jinn stares on the back of her neck as they left, their curious speculation causing her heart to race with more worry. The last thing she needed right now was to be hunted by someone else. Trying to shrug off her uneasiness Ari threw Charlie a relieved smile and brushed a hand across Jai's, teling him silently to folow her as she strode across the strange glass floor that reminded her of the great hal in Azazil's palace. As soon as she reached Charlie he puled her into a tight hug, tucking his head in the crook of her neck and inhaling her. He shuddered with relief and Ari awkwardly fought the urge to comfort him as wel as the urge to untangle herself from his embrace so Jai wouldn't get the wrong idea.

"You're okay?" she asked instead, patting him firmly on the back before puling out of his embrace. She studied Charlie's face as she took a step back beside Jai.

Charlie looked exhausted.

"I am now." He grinned shakily and then nodded at Jai.

Jai nodded back warily. "Good result."

"Yeah."

A tense silence sprung between the two of them and Ari shot a look at The Red King who was smirking back at her in amusement. Ignoring his teasing, Ari

telepathed to him. I would seriously hug you right now but I have a feeling Azazil wouldn't like that.

Her uncle grinned. Good call.

Another prickle of awareness tingled on the back of Ari's neck and she turned around to folow the feeling, only to meet The White King's gaze. She was shocked to see he was looking at her as if he found her a perplexing puzzle. One he was determined to solve.

He nodded at her and then stepped back into the Peripatos.

Frowning, Ari turned back to her uncle, aware of al three men's gazes upon her, waiting to see how she'd react to her father's appearance. "Why did he do that?"

she asked Red quietly. "Why did The White King help after I refused to be blackmailed?"

Red shrugged. "It was a matter of honor. No matter your answer, he was always going to help free Charlie because it would piss off Gleaming. Gleaming betrayed White when he alowed Dali to go after you. White couldn't let that pass without seeking justice."

"You mean revenge."

"Despite what you may think, sometimes the two are one in the same."

Charlie smiled at Red. "I tried to tel her that once."

"Then you're both wrong," Ari snapped and sidled even closer to Jai. Charlie narrowed his eyes on them and Ari sighed, crossing her arms over her chest

defensively. "Never mind. What you're saying is that we shouldn't be grateful to The White King?"

Her uncle snorted at the thought of it. "Not to his face."

"Wel, I don't care why, I'm just glad I'm free," Charlie replied, rubbing wrists that looked a little tender. Ari frowned. Those shackles must have been heavy. She shuddered at the thought of Charlie in those shackles again. God, there had to be a way to convince him against taking his revenge against the Labartu. Surely, this trip to Mount Qaf must have scared him a little. Enough to make him think twice?

Worried for him, Ari shivered. "Can we go? Can we go back to our world?"

"Technicaly this is your world," a deep, rumbling, ancient voice answered and they turned to see Azazil standing inches before them, his huge figure casting Ari in shadow. She tried not to feel intimidated, but the Sultan stood so close she could smel the strong scent of citrus and pomegranate that seemed to linger continualy in his hair. She could feel that powerful wave of energy hit her again, the one that seemed determined to sway her off of her feet. Pride forced her not to gulp as her gaze drifted from the massive shoulders of the white-haired sultan to his dark-haired Lieutenant, Asmodeus. As soon as her eyes locked with the Marid a strange need tightened in her chest, a familiarity, a longing. She tried to suppress it, blowing it off as some kind of consequence of the dreams she'd been having about him. The fact that he wouldn't take those sinfuly dark eyes off of her wasn't helping.

"Master." Red bowed his head, and when Jai folowed suit, so did Ari and Charlie. "Did you enjoy the trial?"

"Quite entertaining. But what is this talk of you leaving so soon." Azazil grinned, a scary flash of teeth that made Charlie flinch beside her. "Let the boy have a night of fun in Mount Qaf. He'l have some fine food and sleep in a fine bed. You'l dine with us tonight, get some rest, and then return to the mortal realm in the morning."

Even as Ari's shoulders hunched towards her ears at the unwelcome invitation, she heard Red's voice pounding into her head. Don't even think about saying no.

Defeated but pretending otherwise she grumbled back, I'm not stupid.

Trying to keep her expression as blank as possible, Ari looked up at the Sultan Azazil and immediately fought the urge to gag at the way he looked at her-as if he could see and understand her very insides. "Thank you for the invitation, Your Majesty. We'd be glad to accept your hospitality for the evening."

Pleased, Azazil smiled and bowed his head before turning on his heel and heading across the amphitheater with his robes bilowing behind him.

Asmodeus hadn't moved. He gazed at Ari unflinchingly and she felt as if he too were trying to probe his way inside her. Jai shifted his feet, his eyes flicking back and forth between Ari and Asmodeus unsurely. Finaly, just as Jai's eyes narrowed and his body tensed, Red stepped in front of them al and came face to face with Asmodeus.

"Is there something you need, Lieutenant?" he asked quietly, an unbreakable steel in his words that Ari so admired.

Asmodeus ripped his gaze from Ari long enough to shoot Red a disdainful look. "No. Not need..." and with that enigmatic comment he shot Ari another look before slowly making his way after Azazil.

Red turned and looked back at her, his eyes narrowed in question.

Ari held her hands up in defense. "I don't know what the hel that was about. I swear."

Displeased, her uncle swung fuly around to glare at Jai. "Remember what I said. You cal on me if he comes anywhere near her."

"What does he want with her?" Jai's voice had gotten scary low and suddenly Ari felt the unusual clamminess of sweat on her palms. She was afraid. God, she

wanted to get the hel out of here.

"I don't know."

"Wait, what did I miss?" Charlie asked sharply. "What the hel does that scary-ass dude want with Ari? The way he was looking at her, I wanted to pun-

"Don't even think about it," Red snapped. "None of you. None of you are a match for Asmodeus."

Feeling a little rattled as they al returned to their rooms-Charlie now in a room two doors down from Jai's-Ari hated to separate from them, but Red had said they needed to get ready for dinner. It wasn't until she stepped into her room that she realized what he meant. Awaiting her inside was three of Azazil's female Shaitans.

She scowled as they told her they'd been sent to ready her for the occasion.

Her scowling did nothing to stop them.

Working quietly and in sync, the three beautiful, dark-haired Jinn fluttered around her, puling at her clothes, twisting her hair, and shimmying her into the softest red fabric she'd ever felt against her body. They stopped to work in a semi-circle around her, their own bodies were wrapped in the softest wine leather-tight fitting trousers laced up the sides, and what Ari would consider to be a leather tank top squeezed their ample assets up and out daringly. Ari almost flinched when she made eye contact with the one brushing kohl around the edges of her eyes. The female Shaitans' own eyes were bright purple. Were they triplets?

The cold look on the face of the Shaitan in front of her stiled Ari from the smal amount of resistance she was making.

Shutting them out, Ari refused to think about the dinner she was invited to this evening. Instead, she put it to one side and concentrated on what would happen once they did leave Mount Qaf. For Ari, her future was uncertain. Okay, so she knew her father wasn't about to give up on her, and he'd threatened to up his game if she didn't give in to him, but other than The White King she didn't know who her other enemies were. And there was a ninety percent possibility that after today she was going to have more enemies. But what was she to do? Sit in a room somewhere and wait for them to come get her? No.

No freaking way.

Hunting Dali, training with Trey and Jai, and then with Falon, had made her feel like she had a chance. Maybe she didn't, but if she was going down, she had already decided she wasn't going down without a fight. So what was her next move?

Ari thought about Falon and the Roe Guild. They were so dedicated to their job and it was such a worthy, honorable job they did. Such a good, meaningful...

purpose. And Charlie... Charlie was better with the Roes. Okay, so yeah, they were teaching him to use magic, but it was controled and... and at least with them he wasn't drinking and doing drugs. Maybe the Roe's influence would rub off on him and he'd give up his own hunt and join The Guild.

Ari stiffened. Maybe that's what they could al do? Her, Jai and Charlie. Would the Roes welcome them into their team? Why not?

Feeling a sense of peace float down around her shoulders, Ari smiled softly. Yeah. That decision felt right. She would train to be a Guild Hunter. She would be the hunter instead of the hunted. And if they eventualy came for her... wel, she'd be ready for them.

What about Jai?

Her heart gave a little yelp of distress. Jai was a Ginnaye not The Guild. Would he leave his tribe behind for her? Was that asking too much, too soon?

"You are done." The Shaitan in front of her ripped her from her deep thoughts and Ari stumbled a little as she was forcibly turned so she could see her reflection in the ful-length cheval mirror that had been brought to her room.

Her mouth fel open and she immediately wanted to sink into the floor.

The dress reminded her of a vision she'd had of Lilif once.

"I can't wear this," Ari breathed, feeling her cheeks redden.

The Shaitans frowned and replied in unison, "You must. Master wishes it."

Master is a perv. Ari groaned inwardly, remembering that technicaly, the very young-looking Azazil was in fact her grandfather.

Casting an unsure glance down her body, Ari wondered if the guys had been made to dress up. I bet not like this. She eyed the red dress that clung to her every curve, the cowl neckline showing far more cl**vage than Ari was comfortable with, and the slits up either side flashing her tan legs al the way up to mid-thigh. Gold cuffs shaped like snakes with ruby eyes had been cuffed around each bicep. Her hair was tousled and wild, faling down around her shoulders in tumbling curls and her make-up was smoky and seductive. She looked older.

She looked nothing like herself.

And she hated it.

"Seriously, do I have-"

She cut off as fire exploded behind her and she spun around as Asmodeus stepped out of the Peripatos.

Ari froze as he gestured with an impatient snap of his hand for the Shaitans to leave-which they did in a hurry. Red's warning that Ari wasn't to be left alone with the Lieutenant grabbed Ari's heart and squeezed, the breath whooshing out of her body.

"Are you really alowing them to leave?" Red asked softly, not wishing to anger his father or make him think he was questioning him in anyway. He'd already pushed Azazil far enough these last few weeks. He waited patiently, watching as Azazil took a sip of wine a female shaitan handed to him from her position on her knees beside the massive chair the Sultan was lounging in. She was one of five Shaitans that Azazil had blinded and deafened before training to serve him using their other senses. That way they could be privy to al his private business without ever knowing it. They alone were alowed into his private chambers, his private chambers that changed from one day to the next. Today it had been decorated in opulent golds and rich burgundies, every piece of furniture designed with French Rococo in mind.

When his father said nothing and merely closed his eyes, enjoying the finest wine that magic could buy, Red took another step forward. "I thought this is what you wanted, Master? Ari. Here. That is why you had me change Charlie's destiny-to turn him sorcerer so he would find his revenge and be brought to trial and sentenced to death. To bring Ari here and then give her nothing to hold onto in the mortal realm?"

Azazil sighed wearily and handed the glass of wine back to the Shaitan at his feet. Finaly he looked up at Red, his gaze lidded. "I would almost say you sound accusatory, son."

Red shifted uncomfortably. That had been exactly the opposite of what he was trying to be. "Of course not, Father."

Shrugging, Azazil played indolently with a ruby ring on the middle finger of his right hand, either pretending boredom or portraying real boredom. "I admit to being intrigued by Ari. She's pure in a way I haven't seen among many of our kind and definitely not what I'd expect from a child spawned by a Jinn King and an Ifrit."

"Perhaps because she was raised as human."

The Sultan laughed. "I know you have a soft spot for the race, but believe me, son, when I tel you that humans are just like us-good, bad and everything in

between. They just don't have our power. Thank the stars, for they also do not have our self-restraint." He stopped and looked up at Red, his gaze direct and piercing.

"No, Ari is different. She reminds me of the Ginnaye. She's a natural protector. It is not at al what I would have expected of her... and yet... it's exactly what I wanted of her."

Despite Azazil's legendary status as the world's greatest enigma, Red liked to think he knew some things about his own father. The look on his face in that moment was one of them. He was becoming obsessed with an idea. Red didn't know what that idea was, or what Azazil's real purpose behind safeguarding Ari was, but he knew that her apparent 'purity' had something to do with it.

Best to disabuse him of the notion then.

"Ari herself may be pure but twice now I've witnessed the Seal trying to infect her with its power... the darker half of its power."

The Sultan stiled and Red had to hold in a smug smile. Bingo. The thought of Ari being 'pure' meant something to his father. Something important. And the Seal's infection was a problem. "Realy? Wel... isn't that... interesting."

"Master?"

Shaking himself, Azazil smiled nonchalantly and took the glass of wine back from the Shaitan. "Al the more reason to observe her this evening. Asmodeus is

convinced there is something between Ari and her guardian. If this is true, I need to see for myself. It could be useful."

Trying to ignore a strange feeling he didn't want to label 'panic', Red decided ignoring Asmodeus' suspicions was the best way to deal with it. Instead he thought about Charlie and discovered that also incited his anger. He unclenched his jaw, so his father wouldn't see. "And the purpose of Charlie?" he asked softly, furious that Charlie had been used and seemingly for nothing. The games Red played always had a purpose. That's how he was able to deal with some of the more distasteful things he'd had to do since he'd gotten to know Ari.

"White unexpectedly saved him." Azazil grinned, completely entertained by how things had panned out. "It doesn't matter. The point was for him to kil the

Labartu-a ful-blood. There's no saving him from that. He either dies trying or he succeeds and we kil him for his crime. Either way I stil want him out of the picture.

We didn't use him needlessly." His smiled turned sharp and caustic. Knowing. Red shivered, once again wondering for the eight milionth time if his father was a mind reader. "Charlie must die of his own stupidity. Remember, Ari must not have reason to blame us."

"So you realy are alowing them to leave tomorrow?"

"Of course. Why rush this? It's the most fun we have al had in quite some time."

"Well, look at you." Asmodeus purred, his beautiful dark eyes filed with cold detachment. Ari shuddered, struck mute, as he began to circle her, his gaze running the length of her.

Just as quickly as she'd been struck with fear, the feeling of being trapped ignited the dark coiling heat in her chest. It unfurled at his lengthy perusal and al of sudden Ari's tensed muscles relaxed. Asmodeus stiled as if he caught the change in her and Ari tilted her head back to meet his gaze. Their eyes locked and that inexplicable feeling of familiarity washed over her again.

An ache coalesced within, squeezing her heart. She felt drawn to Asmodeus. As if...

... as if she knew him somehow.

"You're different," Ari whispered, the hush of her words drawing his sharp gaze.

"What do you mean?"

Disorientated and confused by her own behavior, Ari shook her head. "I... I don't know why I said that."

Glowering at her, the dangerous Marid stopped inches before her, his height causing her to crane her neck back. The smel of leather and spice enveloped her and Ari hated that it wasn't an unpleasant scent. "Is the Seal trying to take control of you, Ari Johnson?"

His perceptive question made her choke on a gasp and she took a step back. She wished she knew if it was from his question or his proximity. "It does that when I feel I might be in danger."

Asmodeus smirked at that and cocked his head to the side, his silken hair faling from his shoulders like a sheet of pure black ice. "You think you have something to fear from me?"

"I think, being what I am, I have something to fear from almost al Jinn."

He tensed at her response, seeming surprised. "Wise answer." And then scowled. "But almost? You mean the Ginnaye? You think you have nothing to fear from Jai Bitar? Because... you what? Love him?"

Icy stalactites formed under Ari's heart and began to drip freezing, frightened drops into her stomach. It churned from the cold and Ari took another step back from the Lieutenant. How did he know that? "I don't know what you're talking about."

His glower turned into a glare so arctic Ari's breath caught again. "Don't lie to me."

This man. This Jinn... Somehow, Ari feared him above al the others, despite the pul of him. Despite his draw. Despite the feeling that above al the others, this was a Jinn she somehow knew. Surely she wasn't attracted to him? The thought filed her with horror. Sure he was gorgeous... but he was utterly terrifying.

As Ari drew out of her own thoughts and back to Asmodeus, the look in his eyes, the chiling anger began to register, and instead of the fear she'd felt only moments before, a strange sense of melancholy took over her. The awful anger he directed towards her made her feel like she'd lost something. That he'd lost something.

Like he was no longer himself.

Ari took a tentative step forward, not even aware of her own body as she remembered her dreams about Lilif and Asmodeus. In al of them Asmodeus had seemed

rational, wise, and almost... kind. He had been incredibly patient with his sister-with the exception of that first dream Ari had had of the two of them trying to pummel one another. Or more precisely when Lilif had been intent on destroying Asmodeus. Why? And what? What had changed Asmodeus into this... this wicked, cold

Marid like al the others were famed to be?

Ari so wanted to ask him but asking him would mean teling him she'd been dreaming of his past with Lilif-and she was sure it was their past. The dreams felt like memories. But whose memories? Lilif's or Asmodeus'?

And how the hel had they gotten inside Ari's head?

Am I some kind of psychic now?

Nowhere in the book that Jai gave her did it say anything about the Seal having prophetic powers or whatever. She was weird enough as it was... she didn't want to get any weirder.

Shaking herself from her thoughts, Ari realized Asmodeus was just standing there. Glaring at her. She crossed her arms over her chest defensively. "You stil wear the Seal. Wel, you pretend to." She nodded at the ring hanging from a piece of leather rope around his neck.

Asmodeus touched it without breaking her gaze, his long, masculine fingers brushing the ancient-looking ring. "Azazil wishes it so. He does not want others hunting you."

Ari immediately thought of Dali. Had the sorcerer told anyone else about her? "That might be too late."

Asmodeus' eyes flashed with violence and his voice lowered into a deep rumble, "Oh it is."

Fear shot through her, igniting the dark mass in her chest again and Ari felt her skin grow unusualy hot. Growled words tumbled out from between her lips before she could stop them, "Are you threatening me?"

"Advising you." He shrugged, death in his eyes.

Fury at the threat embraced her entire body and the heat was unbearable. She lashed out, the power of the Seal crackling at her fingertips. The air in the room grew electric and a phantom wind swooped around them, blowing Ari's hair back from her face. "Your kind of advice is unwanted and unwise, Asmodeus."

Shock transformed Asdmodeus' features, his face paling, his eyes widening. "Lilif?" he whispered, a hand reaching out towards her.

As suddenly as the Seal had taken control, the darkness was puled back under, sucked in by the vacuum of Ari's own control. Her whole body trembled as she

tried to reassert dominance over her own mind and body. She blinked, shuddering and heaving. Asmodeus' shocked question had brought Ari back in control. "What?"

she breathed in utter confusion.

"Your eyes," Asmodeus growled and strode towards her threateningly. "They changed."

Ari stumbled back and held her hands up to ward him off, the darkness already awakening at the new threat. To her surprise he stopped and so did the darkness.

"Changed?"

"They turned dark. Dark brown." He moved again and Red's warning took hold of her as Asmodeus crowded her against the wal. His hand wrapped around her

throat to hold her in place, his eyes blazing with furious questions.

Terrified his attack would cause her to use the Seal again, Ari pushed the telepathy, searching for Red. Red, I need you! Asmodeus is in my room!

Asmodeus squeezed her throat, cutting off her air supply. And then just as suddenly he loosened his hold. "Tel me what you know." He pushed her a little and her head smacked against the wal. "Tel m-"

Fire erupted behind him and Ari sagged in relief as Asmodeus let go of her to turn around and face the intruder. Not intruder. Ari met Red's angry gaze and she slid along the wal away from Asmodeus only to stil at the sight of Azazil. He towered beside The Red King, eyeing Asmodeus carefuly. His gaze shifted to Ari and he smiled politely. "You look lovely, Ari." And then he turned back to his Lieutenant. "Come, Asmodeus. You know it's ungentlemanly to pay a cal to a maiden's room alone. Let us leave Ari to gather herself before dinner."

Asmodeus looked down at her like he was considering disobeying the Sultan. Ari stared back at him warily, completely bemused by his aggression towards her.

Finaly he nodded and with one last piercing look, Asmodeus turned and folowed Azazil out of the room.

Ari sagged against the wal as the door closed behind them. "He seriously doesn't like me."

Her uncle nodded. "I want to find out why."

"Can you?"

"Not if my father doesn't want me to know."

Ari's face fel and she gave him a nod of understanding.

Red sighed. "But I can try."

Thanking the heavens for her uncle, Ari gave him a grateful smile. "Thank you."

He smiled back at her and held out an elbow for her to take. "You look beautiful by the way. Just like your mother."

Ari blinked at the mention of Sala. "You knew her?" she asked softly as she took his proffered elbow.

Red's expression smoothed out to perfect blankness. "A long time ago."

4 - Feast on these Words Before the Plate is Removed from the Table

Stil shaken from her encounter with Asmodeus, and desperate to keep how unnerved she was under wraps so that Jai and Charlie didn't suspect she had been

accosted, Ari tried to keep her expression serenely blank as she approached them. They stood together at the end of the halway at the exit to Red's quarters in the palace. Standing by a window, the air of thick tension around them was obvious; Jai gazed outside at something that had caught his interest while Charlie stared determinedly at the floor.

I must say I don't think I've been quite as entertained by a love triangle since Meyer's novels. Red chuckled, throwing her a sarcastic look.

Ari roled her eyes and gave him a friendly nudge with her elbow. Why am I not surprised you read paranormal teen fiction?

Because I read everything. I was particularly delighted by the one about the girl who fights in the arena with the other tributes from different

districts... like gladiators of ancient Rome. It was blood-thirsty and very entertaining.

Grinning, Ari shook her head. "Again, I'm not surprised."

"Not surprised by what?" Charlie asked, and Ari turned to look at him only to feel her cheeks redden at his gaze. He was staring at her as if he'd never seen her before, his eyes seeming to penetrate the soft fabric she was wrapped in. Again, Ari fought the urge to cover herself up. Instead she shot an anxious look at Jai who was no longer gazing in boredom out of the window. His vibrant eyes were traveling the length of her, his jaw clenching as they came to rest on her face. He noticed her flush and jerked a swift glance at Charlie, his scowl deepening.

"I didn't ask to be dressed like this," Ari hurried to assure him. "Apparently, Azazil insisted on it."

Jai didn't appear to be listening. He was stil glowering at Charlie who had finaly realized he'd been caught blatantly checking her out. He shot a wary look at Jai and then gave Ari a careful nod. "You look nice," he told her hoarsely.

Ari scowled as Jai crossed his arms over his chest, his biceps flexing threateningly. He was wearing a t-shirt. And jeans. So was Charlie. "What the hel?" she grumbled, gesturing to their attire. "Why aren't you guys in some ridiculous get-up?"

The Red King cleared his throat. "It was not required of them."

"Just me?" Ari sneered, feeling nak*d and picked upon. "Why?"

"Don't take it as an insult, Ari. It was meant as a compliment. It suggests Azazil thinks of you as one of his own people. It was not meant to insult you. Although," he cast another look over her appearance and gave a fatherly frown, "On second thought it is a little revealing."

"A little?" Jai snapped.

At the sound of disgust in his voice Ari shot him a hurt look of angry dismay. "I look that bad?"

His eyes narrowed. "No. That's the opposite of the problem."

"Dude, she can wear what she wants," Charlie interjected, frowning at Jai's proprietary attitude. "You're not her keeper."

The guardian Jinn slanted him a dangerous look. "Just keep your eyes glued in your head, Kid."

"Kid-"

"Oh dear God," Ari whisper-shouted at them. "Now is not the time or the place. I am dressed like an extra from Cleopatra and even though I can't feel the cold, I'm freezing with vulnerability, so can you just be my friends here and shut up, go to dinner and be on your best behavior so we can get the hel out of here and I can get back into my jeans."

There was stunned silence for a moment and then Red sighed. "Wel said. Let's do this."

Jai stepped aside as Red led her past them, coming up the rear and acting guardian as always. Ari shivered, feeling his gaze on her back. Part of her was annoyed at him for acting like an idiot when she already felt so exposed... but she guessed she'd be put out if someone was parading him around shirtless in front of lots of other women.

If it makes you feel any better, I really wish I wasn't dressed like this too. She telepathed back to him, as her eyes wandered out of the windows they kept passing. Outside, a huge marketplace was lit up in the dark of the lowest level of the outer grounds of the palace. There was hardly anyone there as night had falen on Mount Qaf but Ari could stil see selers wandering around amongst their stals. It was so normal for a place so... weird. And creepy.

She heard Jai sigh in her head and relaxed a little at the sound. I know. That's partly why I'm pissed off too.

And because of all the leg and cl**vage right?

He grunted. Only because we're not alone. The dress isn't really you but...

But?

You look really beautiful.

Ari's insides melted, her muscles relaxing as they approached a large entranceway and four Shaitan's guarding the talest double doors she'd ever seen in her life.

Thank you.

You're welcome. Sorry. About before.

Don't be. I'd be pissed too if it was the other way around. She gave Jai a soft smile as he came to stand beside her. He eyed her appreciatively, seeming a little surprised by her understanding.

"Ahem," Red cleared his throat deliberately, drawing their attention back to the doors. Ari avoided Charlie's quizzical gaze and waited as the double doors swung slowly inwards, the icy confusion of the great hal becoming clearer and more vivid as the entrance widened. Since the last time she'd been there, warm, blood-red tapestries had been thrown up in the middle of each wal, the lighting had dimmed into romantic candlelight, and a long dinner table now sat center of the room, piles of food awaiting them. Ari's stomach growled a little and she realized she hadn't eaten al day. Standing beside the head of the massive table was Azazil. With the exception of hundreds of Shaitans who stood guard on either side of the room, the Sultan was alone.

No Asmodeus.

Ari breathed a sigh of relief.

"Welcome, guests," Azazil's voice boomed around the room. "Come, be seated. Let us feast in celebration."

Azazil asked a lot of questions. Banal, every-day, probing questions that he knew was making them squirm uncomfortably, fearful that the next question would be even more personal than the last. Ari was barely looking at the food in front of her and had only started to nibble at the delicious chicken tapas after Red had given her a pointed look.

Seeming done for the moment after griling Charlie about what he thought was the best beer, Ari tried to steer the conversation. "Your trials are so different from human trials, Your Majesty. It was ful of surprises."

Azazil smiled at her. "Yes. They're most entertaining."

"How does it work exactly?"

Red frowned at her. "What do you mean?"

"Wel how can you possibly know when someone has broken the law? You said you knew when someone had done so, and you track them down and drag them

back here. I don't understand how that works?"

"I see." Her uncle nodded. "There are Jinn in this realm whose sole power creates the law. The Law Makers. The magic is complex..." He frowned in thought. "I'm trying to think of a way to describe it to you... Okay... think of it as a barrier, a barrier created by the Law Makers that is attuned to what we consider right and wrong. Anytime someone breaks the law it's like they've slammed into the barrier and the Law Makers feels the vibration of the impact. They can trace that vibration to the law breaker to within striking distance of where he committed the crime. From there it is a case of trying to trace the criminal through their power or finding another Jinn that knows his whereabouts. That's why it is harder to chase down a half-blood, especialy a sorcerer with an emerald, because the magic is diluted and also drawn from a piece of rock, rather than being a part of them. Jinn magic is like a signature. The less Jinn you are, the fainter the signature. Half-bloods are more of a priority to the Law Makers. Despite what everyone has been told, ful-blooded Jinn are rarely tried for kiling one another, but the threat of the law has decreased in-fighting. If-"

"I hear you had trouble in one of your vilages, son?" Azazil interrupted.

One of his vilages? Ari's curiosity over Red's information quickly transformed into curiosity over Red. As if sensing her questioning gaze, Red smiled at her. "Every Jinn King has his own State in Mount Qaf. I rule over the State of Madani." He turned back to Azazil. "There was a Jinn who thought to quarry emerald from the Mountain without license. I believe some thought my preoccupation with Royal business and my absence meant I was somehow unaware of everything that happens on my land."

His father grunted. "Simpletons. What happened to the thief?"

"I stole a large portion of his essence and banished him from the realm."

"Stole his essence?" Ari interrupted, quickly adding, "Your Highness?" Her uncle couldn't hide his smirk at her pretense of polite deference toward him for Azazil's benefit, but Ari was in no mood to laugh. Whatever Red had done, it didn't sound like a light punishment, and the thought of him being cruel and autocratic in anyway made her feel sick. She needed him to be different from Azazil and her father. How different, was something she stil hadn't realy worked out in her head. Was she able to trust him even when he did crap like steal a person's essence? "His essence?" she asked quietly, needing more information.

Red grew thoughtful and serious. "A very powerful Jinn can draw the essence of a less powerful Jinn from them. Their essence... as in their power and that which connects them to life and to the balance. We can keep the essence locked in a bottle or place the essence within another Jinn."

"How is that possible?" Ari shot Jai a worried look.

He shrugged. "I don't know. I didn't even know it was possible."

"As I say," Red sighed before taking a sip of wine, "Only the very powerful can do this. Sometimes it even takes two very powerful-"

"I'm bored," Azazil cut in, in his booming petulance. "Let us move onto dessert." He waved a bejeweled hand at the servants who rushed to clear their plates, and Ari fought down the scowl that was determined to mar her expression. She wanted to know more about the essence stealing deal. "So Charles," Azazil murmured as Awamet was put in front of him. He paused for a moment as he eyed the donuts like a child seeing his very first sweet. Ari had never met anyone so contradictory in her entire life. Smiling a little, Azazil glanced back up at Charlie. "How does it feel to have blood on your hands?"

Yup, that was more like it.

Ari curled her fingers around the handle of her spoon, biting her tongue in the hopes that it stopped her from insulting the Sultan. Watching Charlie carefuly, she was impressed to see that he didn't even flinch at Azazil's question.

Instead he shrugged, chewing on a donut and swalowing it leisurely. "I imagine that's a feeling you're quite familiar with, Sultan Azazil."

As thick silence fel over the table, Ari froze, her heart lodged in her throat as she waited to see how Azazil would react to Charlie's impertinence.

Finaly, after what seemed like forever, the Sultan boomed out a forced, unnatural laugh that made her shudder in fear. His dark eyes narrowed on her friend as his laughter abruptly cut off. "I think I like you, Charlie Creagh." His look turned calculating. "Indeed."

Ari tried to relax but for the rest of the meal she sat tense, curbing her natural instinct to grab Jai and Charlie and get them the hel off Mount Qaf.

5 - It's an Old Kind of Magic in Kisses and Starbursts

He didn't know what had possessed him to act so flippant with the Sultan, but Charlie was regretting it now. He sat on the edge of the bed in the guest suite Red had given him, wishing like hel they could just leave already. The way Azazil had looked at him through the entire meal had freaked him out, though he tried his best to hide it. Ari was pissed at him. He knew. He could feel it coming off her in waves as they left the dining hal and were led back to their rooms by Red. If he hadn't already guessed by the incredulously angry looks she kept shooting him, he certainly knew when she stopped at the door of her suite and said, "Try not to say anything stupid to the wals when you get in your room, okay." Then she'd slammed inside her own room leaving him chastened in front of Jai and Red. The disgusted look Jai had given him was nothing new, so Charlie tried not to let it bother him too much. Instead he'd turned around and walked casualy into his room like he hadn't a care in the world.

He had a care.

The whole night had sucked.

First Ari turned up in that get-up that... Jesus Christ... that get-up. He breathed, feeling jealousy twist into ugly knots in his chest. Every time he saw her he was reminded she was no longer his, and it took his breath away. Even when he'd been pushing her away he had always thought of her as his, because she'd been so determined to be his. Charlie guessed he'd always thought that at some point they'd end up together. Now it seemed she was going to end up with Jai the Jinn-Boy and she looked at that guy in a way she had never looked at Charlie.

So what did he do? He took his anger out on the one being in the whole world that could fry his ass with just one look.

So smart.

Yeah. He was getting smarter every day.

Charlie groaned, burying his head in his hands. He needed to get back home. He wanted to see Jack and start training again. He wanted to hang out with Falon, and not have to pretend that he didn't think about taking his vengeance 24/7.

"Charlie?" The Red King's voice broke through his musings and Charlie froze, surprised to hear Ari's uncle's voice on the other side of his door. Slowly, curiously, he strode towards the door, remembering that the last time he and Red had spoken in private he'd happily accepted Red's offer of a wish. Something Ari stil didn't know about. Charlie squelched down the guilt at that, seeing how much Ari was coming to trust the Jinn King. She'd definitely stop trusting him if she found out, and Charlie reckoned Ari needed a Jinn King on her side more than she needed to know the truth about where his sorcery had come from in the first place.

He opened the door, standing aside to let the king in. Red nodded at him to close the door and Charlie did so, watching him al the while. "Is this about what I said at the table? Because I know that was dumb."

"It was stupid," Red agreed, "But I believe it did nothing to change Azazil's... opinion of you."

Not sure he liked the emphasis Red put on the word 'opinion', Charlie crossed his arms over his chest defensively. "So why are you here?"

The room seemed to crackle with power and Charlie was astonished when he heard Red's voice in his head. To give you this, Red dug into his robes, and when his hand came back into view he was clutching a silver chain. And sparkling on the end of it in the low light was a briliant pendant of pure emerald.

Charlie's eyes widened as his blood thrummed and surged towards the gemstone. "Why?" he whispered, unable to unglue his eyes from it.

Because... you will need it. It will protect you... when I cannot.

Reaching out for the chain, Charlie felt the power surge through him as soon as he touched it, his head blowing back with the impact. His whole body shuddered as heat flooded him from the top down, like lava spewing down volcanic rock. It was so blistering Charlie was surprised it felt good rather than painful. Eventualy it stopped and he chuckled in wonder as he finaly met Red's gaze. "That was amazing."

Keep it hidden, Red warned him. Use it only when you really need to. Say... if someone were trying to track you for breaking a law.

Realization dawned and Charlie felt a surge of overwhelming gratitude. Red knew Charlie wasn't going to give up on his vengeance and rather than want to punish him for it, he was giving him a chance to escape punishment. The emerald would make him more powerful. It would help him to evade capture. "Thank you," he replied, hoping Red could see how much this meant to him.

You are welcome. Just try to stay alive. That means no more smart ass comments at the dinner table. With one last look of rebuke, Red swept from the room, leaving Charlie with the temptation of the emerald.

Even though its glitter was like droplets of crystaline water to a parched man, Charlie shoved the chain deep into his pocket. He would be smart this time. The emerald was for after... after he took his revenge against the Labartu that kiled Mike.

Ari did a twist and then a turn for the fifteenth time and pummeled her pilow in frustration. She couldn't sleep. Her brain was way too busy. What Charlie had done at the table bothered her most. It was like the idiot had a death wish. And then there was what White had said about Azazil... how Red was just Azazil's puppet and Azazil had an agenda. She'd noticed the Sultan cutting Red off anytime he was in the middle of educating them about the Jinn... like he wanted to keep Ari ignorant. She wondered if Red was in trouble for saying too much. She hoped not. She was beginning to believe - despite White's warning - her uncle realy did want to protect her.

And then there was Jai.

She knew she had major problems right now. Like al those Jinn today finding out who she was. And also the ever-growing evidence that she was somehow going to have to be Charlie's freaking keeper until he started acting like a sane person again. But... she was in love. And not the girlish, best friend love she had for Charlie. This was potent, enthraling, want to touch Jai al the time, can't stop thinking about him for a second, want to crawl into his mind and body kind of breath-stealing love. She missed him. Lying there, across the hal from him, she actualy physicaly missed him.

She was that girl.

And Ari knew they were supposed to be keeping their relationship on the down-low but now that Charlie was in the clear, she could be with her... boyfriend?... in private without feeling guilty. Right?

Her comforter was thrown off without another thought. Ari conjured her jeans and a tank top and tiptoed out of her room. The pulse in her neck was throbbing and her heart was banging against her ribcage. Jai, I'm outside your door.

There was no reply. Ari waited a second, feeling deflated. He must be asleep.

Turning to leave, Ari stifled a gasp as a strong hand shot out of his now open door and puled her inside. Jai grinned down at her as he used her body to press the door shut.

Unfortunately he was fuly clothed.

What are you doing here? he asked, reaching out to curl her hair back over her ear. Ari shivered and leaned into his touch.

As if he didn't know why she was here.

I couldn't sleep. She placed her hands gently on his chest, tracing little patterns on his t-shirt and enjoying the feel of him under her fingertips. Is this what you

sleep in? she asked doubtfuly, eyeing his jeans.

He stepped into her wandering hands, closing the distance between them. His hot gaze pinned Ari to the door and she slid her hands up around his neck to anchor herself. Her legs were beginning to feel a little wobbly. I put them on when you came to the door.

She smiled at this gentlemanly act although she was disappointed in his modesty. So what do you normally sleep in when I'm not there?

No longer smiling, Jai placed both hands on the door at either side of her head, trapping her. I'm more interested in what you sleep in...

And before she could answer he dipped his head, his lips brushing hers in tantalizing strokes that made her mouth tremble and her hands clutch tighter around his neck. Seeming determined to tease her mercilessly, Jai trailed those butterfly kisses along her jaw until he reached her ear. His teeth nibbled at her ear lobe and Ari moaned, surprised her ear was such a sensitive place. She felt him smile against her skin and part of her wanted to slap the smugness out of him, but the bigger part of her was too busy enjoying the sensual teasing to care. Letting her head fal back against the wal, Ari sighed softly as Jai kissed his way down her neck. When he reached her colarbone he stopped and straightened, his arms stil barricading her against the door. His eyes had darkened to a smoldering emerald and his breathing was a little uneven. He pressed a soft kiss to her lips. You should go back to your room.

No. She protested, wishing his hair was longer so she could tug a hold of it and keep him there. I want to talk to you about something.

Jai puled back, frowning. What?

Ari was going to broach the subject of returning to work for The Guild but her eyes lowered to his mouth and those words just... dribbled out of her head. Wanting a real kiss, Ari jerked him down to her mouth, kissing him hard and demanding he kiss her back. His tense surprise melted into a shudder as Ari's tongue touched his and suddenly he was meeting her demand, his kiss lush and desperate as his arms wrapped around her so every inch of her was pressed against him.

And stil Ari wanted to be closer.

She didn't know which one of them moved but suddenly she had a mattress beneath her back and Jai's strong body braced above hers. Jai broke their frantic kiss and a flushed Ari drew breath before urging him back to her for more. The frenzy of their make-out finaly eased into long, languid and passionate kisses. They learned the taste of one another, the smel, the feel. When Jai brushed a hand down her side, his thumb tickling the side of her breast, Ari gasped into his mouth in excitement.

The noise and his reaction to it seemed to wake Jai up and he wrenched himself from her, colapsing beside her on the bed.

"Okay, time out," he whispered hoarsely.

Ari groaned. Spoil sport.

Chuckling Jai shook his head. You said you wanted to talk about something.

Flipping over onto her side so she could look at him, Ari rested her head in her hand and nodded reluctantly, her body stil strung taut with the tension he'd created inside of her. I wanted to talk about a couple of things.

Such as?

Whether you're really okay about keeping our relationship quiet until...

Jai snorted. Until when? We don't know how long your situation will last. Indefinitely, possibly.

Okay, well let's just keep it quiet until my father makes his next move. And until you and I have spent more time together.

In private.

In private. I'm trying to protect you. It's not that I don't want to be with you openly, because there's nothing more I'd like in the world than for

everyone to know that I love you. But you've also got your family to think about and I... just think it would be better if we waited to tell people.

Jai was silent a moment as he stared up at the ceiling. Ari waited, tense, butterflies rioting with the gremlins in her stomach. She wanted to see if he'd acknowledge her second 'I love you'.

I understand, he replied slowly as he turned to meet her gaze, and you're probably right. We'll keep it quiet.

And..? She couldn't help ask, annoyed that he was ignoring those three little words.

Jai frowned. And...? But she saw a flash of something in his eyes. Something desperate and uneasy... and almost pleading.

After a moment, Ari began to understand what his look meant... or what it might mean. An ache in her chest grew for him and al the hurt his family had put him through. They'd messed Jai up emotionaly, but Ari was determined she would be the one to put him back together. Relaxing so he would relax, Ari reached out to stroke his cheek. He wasn't like her. Jai was not an open book and this was new to him. Trusting her. Caring about her.

He wasn't ready.

And she would be understanding for now...

And, she replied instead, about our next move? Like you said, we don't know how long my situation is going to play out for, but I'd really like to

return to The Guild. As a hunter.

Her guardian seemed to let this sink in and then he sat up, his arms braced over his bent knees as he turned to look back at her. If that's what you need, we'll

talk to Red. I'm sure The Guild will offer us sanctuary for a while.

Us?

He grinned. What, you don't want me with you?

Relieved, Ari shook her head. I didn't know if you'd want to. I mean, you are Ginnaye.

We're not so different from The Guild. And this isn't about me. It's about you. If you think you need this, then we'll do it for however long you want.

Ari did need it. More than needed it. She thought of Dali and felt an inner chil sweep over her. It had only been days ago that he'd stolen her and tried to use her blood to utilize the Seal as his own. Ari had never felt so helpless before. Not even when her dad had died. It had been terrifying, and she never wanted to feel that way ever again. Slowly easing up to sit beside him, Ari rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes when he kissed her forehead. I'm scared, she admitted and felt him tense under her. After what Dali did to me, I'm scared.

Ari... Jai inhaled sharply, his strong arm sliding around her shoulders and puling her even closer into his side.

I don't want to be scared, Jai. And I don't want to hide. I want to hunt Jinn like Dali and Pazuzu. I want that control back. I need that control back.

He rubbed a comforting hand down her arm. Then we're definitely going to The Guild.

Ari stifled another 'I love you' and instead pressed a soft kiss to his shoulder. Thank you.

I'd like to stop in at home first and explain to my father that I'll be gone for a while. I want to say goodbye to Trey.

Trey. Ari blanched, realizing she was taking Jai away from his best friend. Jai, I... maybe you should stay.

He puled back from her, his eyes incredulous. I can live without seeing Trey every day, Ari. I can't live without seeing you every day.

She turned to mush in an instant. Who needs an 'I love you' when a hot guy you love says that to you? Ari knew her grin was dangerously wide. You are

getting so good at this.

Laughing, a little abashed at his confession, Jai hugged her closer and they sat in perfect, comfortable silence for a while. Finaly, just as her eyes were drifting closed, he whispered into her mind, Have you had any more dreams?

The memory of her dream about White and Lilif jolted Ari awake and she puled back to face Jai as she told him everything she remembered from it. The realms

will start to collide into one another, until there is nothing but a wasteland of dust? If the balance is completely destroyed? Jai was aghast.

That's what Lilif said to White. She shrugged. I'm beginning to think I should tell Red about the dreams. This could be something really important

that we're missing here. What do you think?

I honestly don't know what to think about Red. But you're right. It might be the only way to interpret the dreams and find out why you're having

them.

Ari nodded, feeling a little better now that she had made a decision. I guess I have to trust him.

If it makes you feel better, I really believe he cares about you, Ari. You didn't see his reaction when Anabeth hit you with the Haqeeqah, or when

Dali took you.

You think? she asked unsurely

Jai smiled slowly. Sexily. You're kind of hard to resist.

You didn't think so two seconds ago.

Jai's response to her chalenge was to push her back on the bed and start kissing the oxygen out of her. Ari opened her mouth, alowing him to deepen the kiss, tasting remnants of the mint toothpaste he must have used before readying for bed. Ari would never have believed toothpaste could be such a turn on. She slid her hands over his back, urging him closer, deeper. As if giving into the inevitable, Jai's own hands started to wander, his soft touch chasing goosebumps al over her body.

Lost in the moment and greedy for some skin on skin, Ari reached down and began tugging on Jai's t-shirt. Helping her, he sat up, his knees braced on either side of her hips, and he puled his shirt up over his head, throwing it to the floor. Ari bit her lower lip to stifle a sound of pleasure. She'd seen him shirtless before but never this close.

Oh wow.

He was broad-shouldered, powerfuly built, ripped and athletic without being too beefy. Although... those biceps... Ari sighed, sliding a hand up his arm. She was giddy with excitement, trying to contain it, trying not to come off as some inexperienced virgin. But she'd never felt like this before. She got it now - what Rachel was always talking about - the heat, the need, the want.

Sex was a big deal and you had to want it. You had to be ready for it. With the right person.

Ari was finaly ready for it. And she was definitely with the right person.

The thought had just popped into her head when Jai's lips returned to hers. Their kisses were growing frantic again, like they both knew where this was heading and were eager to get there before something epic - like a Jinn King - interrupted them. Ari's hands smoothed over every inch of Jai's skin, touching and stroking and learning him. But when she ventured further to where she'd touched no guy before, Jai jerked back with a muffled groan and gently pushed her hands off of him.

He eyed her sardonicaly as if he couldn't believe he'd let himself get so carried away. We need to slow this down.

We don't have to. Ari sat up, trying to reach for him again.

Jai took her hands in his and quirked an eyebrow at her. How far have you gone with a guy?

Completely unprepared for the question Ari blushed. Not far, she admitted, Kissing. Touching under the shirt, not under the bra. I haven't really dated a

lot, she shrugged off her explanation, feeling a little mortified as the words 'because of Charlie' hung unspoken and suspended between them.

Jai tensed and Ari couldn't stop herself from reaching out to clasp his cheek in her hand

What?

His vivid gaze burned into her and for a moment Ari forgot what she was asking him. Jai finaly shook his head ruefuly but there was a hard glint now in his eyes. I

hate the thought of any guy touching you.

Ari tried not to be pleased. You're jealous?

I guess, he whispered.

Grinning, Ari wriggled closer to him. Well, I'm kind of hoping you're about do a whole lot of stuff to me that no guy has.

Jai laughed hoarsely, the hardness melting from his eyes. We're still taking it slow. I am not rushing a second of this with you.

No fair, Ari pouted.

His grin turned cocky as he leaned over to kiss the pout away. Believe me... you'll like how I do slow.

A while later, Ari felt her body relax into the bed as if she'd melted into a puddle of Ari-goo. Her fingers uncurled from the bed sheets as she lay there panting and gazing at the ceiling in wonder.

She'd never been kissed there before.

"Wow," she breathed.

Jai laughed softly. Not out loud. His expression was light and happy as he brushed her hair back from her face. And yes. Wow.

Ari roled into him, her bare legs feeling sensitive against his jeans. She wrapped her arms around him and he puled her so close his lips touched her neck. What

about you? she asked, determined to fight through the languidness he'd created in her body if she had to.

Instead, Jai smiled against her neck. Believe me, I'm good. I'm really good.

This taking it slow thing is nice, Ari breathed in total relaxation, her eyes drifting closed.

The last thing she felt and heard was the blanket faling over her and Jai snuggling her closer, whispering goodnight in her ear.

6 - Losing Too Much can Make You Yearn to be Lost

Ari felt Lilif's grief and rage as if it were her own. She followed the Jinn, confused by how young Lilif appeared. She looked as if she were no more than eighteen years old. The wind whipped through Lilif's long black hair, grime and blood streaked her face and marred the metal of the dress that was fitted to her body. The sandstone walls were polished to a high shine, the halls wide and open, servants gaping at Lilif as she blew past them with fury in her feet. Ari hurried to follow, somehow aching for Lilif as she rammed against double doors, throwing them open. Like the hallways outside, the room was tiled and

polished, sparse but luxurious, with a huge bed in the center covered in exotic fur blankets. Asmodeus lifted his head from the bed and groaned when he saw his sister. He pushed gently at the nak*d woman beside him. "Leave us."

The female Shaitan hurried to grab fabric that barely covered her and she fled the room, darting terrified glances in Lilif's direction.

"Turn your back, sister, so I may dress."

Lilif did so and Ari found herself averting her eyes too. That was just something she didn't need to know about Asmodeus. "I can't believe while I'm out warring you are in here tupping anything that moves."

"Not anything," Asmodeus argued. "Anyway where were you this time?"

"Africa."

Confused, Ari tried to center herself more in the dreams. She was now fully aware while in the dream that it was a dream, but that didn't make it any less confusing. The timeline of the dreams kept changing. This was an earlier time. A much earlier time than she had ever visited before. What was Lilif talking about? She peered closely at the Jinn and as if her curiosity had power, the knowledge seeped from Lilif to Ari. Lilif and Asmodeus were part of the balance within war. Throughout the ages, throughout the realm, they would fight wars of the mortals, bringing balance to the situation. Sometimes Lilif would

seduce leaders to weakness with her succubus gift, or fight physically side by side with the Jinn that were sent to aid her against those who were sent to aid the other side. Just as she had done the night before. And the month before that and before that...

"I lost Meenah," Lilif gasped, her eyes round and glassy with disbelief.

Suddenly Asmodeus was there, turning her around, his own eyes bright with sympathy. "I am sorry, sister. I know how deeply you cared for her."

"She was my friend." Lilif shook her head. "We have been friends for over a hundred years. I knew her when she was but a child. She had so much life

left. Meenah was light, Asmodeus. She was beautiful light. How could someone put that light out? How can this be what we do?"

"Ssh, Lilif, shh, it's okay." He held her close.

But Lilif was having none of it. She tugged out of his grasp and pushed him roughly away from her, her glare burning into him. "How can you say that? It is not okay! And Meenah is not the first! For centuries I have borne witness to the wars of men. Azazil preaches of balance, placing Jinn on one side of the war and Jinn on the other and we fight our own people, to balance out the life of mortals! Meenah was killed by one of our own. All my friends, killed by our own. Because it is the way? We should leave the wars to the mortals and let them destroy one another!"

Asmodeus' face darkened. "You are grieving. You are saying things you do not mean. If Azazil heard you speak thus... Lilif you are to be married to him

within a sennight. Do not do anything foolish to ruin that."

Lilif curled her lip in disgust. "As if I could. The way our Master speaks of the future, he cannot do anything but marry me. I am to bear him sons."

"Exactly. And once you do, the balance will even out. Perhaps we will no longer be required to fight all these wars."

Seeming weary now, Lilif slumped, a single tear rolling down her soft cheek. "Do you think so, brother? When I am Sultana mayhap Master will allow me

to suggest some changes?"

"Mayhap."

"Oh, Asmodeus," Lilif sniffled like a little girl, "I have dreamed of a world so far removed from this one, my chest aches with longing for it. It is a barren dustland, new, untouched. Empty. Ready for life. I cannot seem to stop dreaming of it lately."

"You mean The After," Asmodeus sighed.

Lilif stiffened. "You have dreamt of it also?"

"It plagued my dreams for a while so I confided in Azazil about it. It is not a dream, sister, but a warning."

"A warning?"

"The After is what will happen if balance is destroyed. If we destroy the balance. The realms collide and cause desolation to all that already exists. In its place will exist The After and only those powerful enough will survive... only to find themselves alone."

"The most powerful?"

"Azazil. You, me... a few of the stronger Jinn as Meenah was."

Lilif dropped her gaze from her brothers. "It is too late for Meenah," she murmured and Ari felt the grief lessen as a new feeling enveloped Lilif.

Hope.

... Ari, wake up, Jai's voice invaded Ari's conscience, bringing her out of the dreamworld and back to his. Her eyes fluttered open and to her happy surprise she found herself in Jai's warm arms, his gorgeous face hovering over hers. Morning. He leaned over and pressed a soft kiss to her mouth, the bristles of his cheek scratching against hers.

Mmm, she mumbled lazily, brushing her fingers over his face, you need to shave.

His laughter made her eyes pop open and ask 'what?' He shook his head, smiling. It's nice.

What's nice?

Waking up to my girlfriend telling me I need to shave. It's so normal.

Ari chuckled and kissed him again before pushing herself up into a sitting position. So... she was definitely his girlfriend. Good to know.

She looked away from Jai's nak*d chest, determined not be distracted. I can de-normalize things for you by telling you about the dream I just had.

Jai frowned. I want to hear all about it. But we better be quick. You can't be found in here.

When she was done relaying the dream, they were both even more confused than they already had been. Deciding it was definitely time to tel Red, Ari scooted out of Jai's bed and into her clothes, rushing across the room and out of it and into hers in record-breaking time.

After a quick shower, she stood in the middle of her guestroom and telepathed Red.

"You rang?" The Red King uttered droly as he stepped out of the Peripatos.

Ari smirked, and just in case there were ears listening at doors or watching through peepholes (and wasn't that just a creepy-ass thought?) Ari replied, "We ready to leave?" and telepathed, We need to talk. Pronto. Somewhere private.

Red raised an eyebrow and nodded. "Yes. We're leaving right now. I'l get Charlie." He then telepathed an address in Los Angeles, teling her to give Jai the

address. I'll bring Charlie. Let's get going.

The Peripatos was definitely one of Ari's least favorite things about the Jinn. Sure it was fine when you were just flashing from one room to the next, but leaving Mount Qaf for Los Angeles was gut-wrenchingly sickening. Ari colapsed on cement ground after what felt like the fastest, most vomit-inducing rolercoaster ride ever.

She felt strong hands wrap around her arms, steadying her to her feet.

"You okay?" Jai asked softly, his brows drawn together in concern.

Ari swalowed down vomit and smiled weakly. "Just peachy."

"You made it," The Red King's voice brought her head up and Ari stared across the length of a practicaly empty warehouse to see Red striding towards her with Charlie at his side. Charlie looked refreshed and eager. She hated him for that, knowing she looked like she'd just donated three pints of blood.

"Where are we exactly?" Ari asked, brushing dust from her knees.

"A studio warehouse. TV." The Jinn King grinned. "It's got state-of-the-art soundproofing."

"Oh gee, you think of everything."

Red eyed her thoughtfuly. "Stil not used to the Peripatos, huh?"

"Was it the hair that gave it away?" Ari asked sarcasticaly.

Charlie snorted. "You have definitely inherited a bite since you became Jinn."

"Look, I'm just trying to keep whatever pigeon we ate last night down so, can we get on with this."

Red didn't seem to take too kindly to her attitude. He stared her down until Ari began to squirm. "You wanted me here?"

"Yeah. Sorry. Your Highness," she added for good measure, glad to see him smirk. "I've been having these dreams..."

When Ari was finished explaining the dreams, from the ones where she saw Lilif fighting Asmodeus, to the one where a faceless Jinn kiled Lilif, to the ones where Lilif bemoaned her fate as a simpering wife to Azazil, to the one of her speaking with White and finaly the last in which she'd lost her friend at a much earlier time in her immortality, Red had become strangely quiet. There was a tension around him, a crackle of expectation. When he realized they were al watching him, the blank mask slipped over his face, concealing his reaction.

No way, Ari thought. There was no way he was keeping important information from them.

"This means something to you doesn't it?" she probed.

Sighing, Red took a moment. "I don't know how much to tel you. Or where to begin."

"Let's start with the truth. Please... uncle."

His eyes sparked at her use of his familial title. Sighing again, Red turned away from them, his long, bright red braid swinging against the leather label on the back of his jeans. "Lilif... my mother... she tried to destroy everything."

"Why?"

He shrugged and threw Ari a forlorn look, seeming so much like a young man whose parent had deserted him. "We were raised to believe in the balance, and yes for many years the Jinn fought in al the wars of men, but then my brothers and I were born and we brought a new balance to the world. Now we only fight in large-scale political wars. Wars that determine the outcome of a grander fate." Red rubbed his forehead, as if he were trying to see his memories. "I always knew my mother was unhappy with the state of things. I didn't know why, but I knew she was. As the centuries passed and the birth of her sons failed to bring the changes she obviously sought, she began to plan... to plan the destruction of the balance.

Her first stop was her sons. Each of us had more of one parent's essence within us. White, Shadow, myself and Gilder al have more of Azazil within us. Glass, Lucky and Gleaming have more of Lilif. She attacked Glass first because even though he had her essence, he was most like Azazil in his bearing. Ironicaly, Glass was her favorite.

She planned to kil my brothers because over the centuries we had become embroiled in so many destinies, and so many bloodlines, that we had been threaded so deeply into the fabric of nature that our deaths would rip at the seams of our world just as Lilif wanted. Think of this realm as made up of milions of paths, and those paths are created by bilions of people as though they were paving stones. Al those paths are connected to seven major roads-my brothers and I. Think of Azazil as split into seven bridges that connect us to him, to this realm and the Others. If you destroy the roads one by one, everything begins to disconnect, to crumble, and eventualy al the paths are destroyed too. It would leave a barren landscape; a new world with nothing in it, but only those powerful enough to have survived without connection. That's what Lilif wanted. She wanted The After.

But I saved Glass. She was no match for the two of us. I warned Azazil and tried to warn White... White did not believe us. He was poisoned by Lilif. He actualy believed she was trying to protect the balance."

"I think he stil does," Ari whispered sadly.

Red nodded distractedly. "My father believed me, but he had a harder time convincing Asmodeus. With my brothers now protected by Azazil, Lilif stooped to the one level none of us ever imagined she would. She went after Asmodeus.

Though it so clearly pained her for there was no one in either worlds that my mother loved more than her twin brother, Lilif believed that by kiling Asmodeus she could steal his essence and become powerful enough to take on Azazil. You see, they were the half of one another, Asmodeus and Lilif. Asmodeus was calm, light, wisdom, patience. Lilif was passion, darkness, impetuous, and unforgiving. Together they were able to balance one another out, that's why they were never without one another. But Lilif began to withdraw more and more from Asmodeus until finaly she attacked him. My father saved his life and Asmodeus has been completely loyal to him ever since."

"But changed," Ari said, thinking of how different Asmodeus was in the past compared to now. "He's darker."

"He doesn't make sense without Lilif. Asmodeus goes through periods of dark and light. Unfortunately this doesn't seem to be one of the latter, and I am curious as to what exactly he wants with you, Ari." He shook his own comment off, not wanting to be derailed. "My father kiled Lilif. He stole her essence and destroyed it. He then buried her body in a tomb no one has ever seen. No one knows where it is. White has never forgiven him. That's why he wants to use you. To punish Azazil. To somehow overpower him without ticking off the balance."

Ari blinked, trying to take in al the information. She glanced at Jai to see his reaction, but he was just listening to Red in utter fascination. Something niggled at Ari but she couldn't put her finger on what that was. Not wanting to be distracted from her own point, Ari took a step toward her uncle. "So these dreams... they are memories?"

"It would appear so. How else could you know such things?"

"How is it possible? Why do I know this stuff? Why am I dreaming about it? What does it mean?"

The Red King held up a hand to quiet her. "I have no idea. Leave this with me, Ari. I wil find out but I wil have to tread very carefuly here. Tel no one else what you have told me here today."

Despite her impatience, despite the ugly darkness in her chest wiling her to take a stand and force Red to find out everything he could as soon as possible - the consequences be damned - Ari took control of herself. Taking deep, even breaths, Ari struggled for calm and eventualy gained it.

"So what now?" Charlie asked quietly.

Flicking her gaze over her friend, Ari felt another wave of relief that he was here in the mortal realm and in one piece. "How would you feel about joining to the Roes?"

He smiled slowly, nodding. "Yeah, that sounds good."

Ari winced, seeing the excitement starting to burn in his eyes. Charlie was clearly desperate to get back to Jack and his training. She hoped to get a moment alone with him soon to get a better understanding of where his head was at. Ari was stil clinging to the hope that after the fright of a Jinn trial, he had finaly put his need for vengeance behind him.

"Red," she turned to her uncle slowly, "Can you talk to The Guild? Make sure we'd be welcome there. As hunters, I mean."

"You want to hunt?"

"I'm sick of waiting for crap to happen to me. I want to be the one that the bad guy fears for a change."

Silence greeted her and then the three of them snorted. Jai at least tried to cover his laughter but it was too late. She saw.

"What?" she snapped. "Bad guys wil fear me."

"Not at first," Red disagreed, stil smiling. "But your appearance wil act in your favor. They won't be expecting your kind of power."

Somewhat molified, but not completely, Ari listened quietly as Jai discussed the plans for the next few days. Red would take Charlie to the Roe's and explain that they would be staying as part of The Guild for an indefinite period of time (apparently Red didn't ask, he commanded) and that Ari wished to be trained as a hunter. In the meantime, Ari would accompany Jai back to his tribe here in L.A. to explain he would be MIA for a while. Jai tried to insist one last time that Ari didn't need to come with him, but Ari was adamant. After everything she'd discovered about his upbringing under the rule of Luca Bitar, Ari was in no way letting Jai venture back into that world without her support.

7 - My Heat hits her Ice and the Snow Falls

Crap.

Ari gazed around her wide-eyed, surprised to find that she and Jai had flown through the Peripatos to Luca Bitar's office, only to find that it was already ful. Seated in a semi-circle around the room and standing behind chairs that had been set up in front of Luca's desk, was a whole bunch of people she didn't recognize along with two people she did-Nicki and David Bitar. Luca was standing in front of his desk, his eyes alert as Ari and Jai turned around to face him.

Jai gave his father a deferential nod. "Apologies, Father. I forgot that you would be holding a tribe meeting at this time."

Oh. Ari inched a little closer to her boyfriend, her skin prickling from the heat of the group's gaze. This was a Ginnaye tribe meeting. It was so... classroom-like.

"Apology accepted." Luca frowned, glancing warily between his son and Ari. "Has something happened?"

Knowing that only Luca, Nicki and Tarik were aware of Ari's true nature, she wasn't surprised when Jai replied, "May we speak in private?"

"Of course." Luca glanced around them to eye his wife. "I'l be back in five minutes. Excuse us."

Ari could feel the tribe's curiosity hit her in waves as she folowed Jai and Luca from the room. She surreptitiously looked for Trey in the crowd but didn't see him.

Disappointment flooded her knowing Jai had wanted to say goodbye to his friend.

It wasn't until the door had closed behind them and they were standing in the black and white checkered halway that Ari thought Jai might want to be alone to tel his father that he was leaving indefinitely on this assignment. She cleared her throat, drawing the two men to a stop. They both turned to stare back at her in the exact same predatory motion. Ari shuddered for Jai. He was so much his father's son in some ways. She just hoped Jai knew that he was al the good things and none of the bad.

"I... uh... I'l let you guys talk alone. I'l take a little walk."

Jai frowned. "You sure?"

"Yeah. I'l be fine." She waved him off and watched as he reluctantly turned to folow his father. She waited until they had disappeared around the corner.

What now? Ari threw the door to Luca's office a wary look. No way was she going back in there. Relaxing, Ari let her feet do the thinking and she wandered quietly through the Bitar mansion, glad she and Jai were only dropping by for a few minutes. She hadn't exactly enjoyed her last stay with the Bitars. Jai kept pushing her away, Nicki was a bitch, Luca had dared to warn her off Jai, and Jai's brother had tried to attack her, and she'd ended up using the power of the Seal against him. Yay. The one bright spot out of the entire visit had been Trey.

And okay... she wasn't going to lie. The make-out with Jai in the club bathroom in L.A. had been pretty hot too until he'd gotten al uptight about it.

"Oh," Ari breathed, as she took in where her wandering mind and feet had brought her. She was standing in the treasure room, the one that housed the hourglass of Shakespeare - the symbol of the point in time Azazil had broken the rules and turned back time to right Shakespeare's destiny after White messed it up. Teruze, the Jinn who guarded the Bitar treasure, stood guardian within his red bottle in the corner and Ari could feel his strong energy pulsing out at her. She shivered a little, realizing he'd be watching her to make sure she didn't steal anything. But Ari clearly wasn't interested in stealing anything. She had been drawn here for one reason only.

The painting of Lilif.

In her last visit Ari had discovered the dark painting of the Lilif and had been amazed by the likeness between Lilif in the painting and the one in her dreams. That's when she realized she may actualy be dreaming about the real Jinn. Taking tentative steps towards the painting, Ari narrowed her eyes, wishing she knew exactly what al the dreams meant and wondering if Red realy would divulge the truth about it once he found out.

"He's not capable of love you know."

Heart in her throat Ari whirled around at the unfamiliar voice, and her eyes widened as they took in Yasmin Lenz. She'd seen the girl once before. An exotic beauty, Yasmin was a guardian and daughter to Luca Bitar's best friend, Hugo. She was also someone Jai had used (intimately) to get back at Hugo for cheating on Luca with Nicki. Something Luca stil knew nothing about as far as Jai was aware. Ari was shocked and angry at Jai for using Yasmin, but he'd told her how cruely Yasmin had treated him, and although Ari wished he hadn't used her as a tool for revenge, she also didn't feel particularly bad for the young Ginnaye. "Excuse me?" Ari asked cautiously.

The tal, dark-haired beauty took a few more long-legged steps forward. She was so sophisticated and confident. Feral and predatory. Everything Ari wasn't. She scowled, trying not to think about Jai with this supermodel. "I said... Jai is not capable of love." At Ari's silence, Yasmin smirked. "Oh please, everyone with eyes can see the way you look at him."

"You don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh but I do." Yasmin nodded. "I see the attraction, I do. He's beautiful and broken and very powerful. I spent months learning every inch of him. I know him better than anybody and he stil threw me away."

Ari tensed, feeling a shift inside her chest. That familiar ache sharpened and began to uncoil, its dark whip of a tail wagging in anticipation of lashing out at this cruel beauty. She scoffed, trying to keep her composure. "Puhlease. You care more about your tribe than you ever cared about Jai and he knew it. You had the hots for him and were using him. He hates Hugo. He was using you to get at him. But you're delusional if you think you ever got to know him."

Yasmin chuckled, seeing how much she'd gotten to Ari. Her eyes flashed wickedly. "Oh you've got it bad. I wish I could be there to see him crush you. You might think you can save him, Ari, but I was there... I know what his family has done to him. And in the end, he'l remember that you're just a kid. And he'l come running back to a woman who knows exactly what to do in the bedroom." Her gaze drew dreamy, her skin flushed. "I love how he makes this shuddery, breathy noise when he-"

"Shut up," Ari bit out, the whip lashing out with the words. Too late, she realized her words had been a command.

Gaping back at her stupefied, Yasmin clutched at her throat unable to talk and the darkness within Ari enjoyed having power over her.

"You stood by and watched his family do that to him," she growled, feeling this other self push her way into her tongue and limbs as she prowled towards Yasmin.

"You watched them break him and then had the audacity to ask something of him. But al he gave you was an empty shel. And that's al he'l ever give you. You're done hurting him. You're al done hurting him. I command you to leave him alone."

"Ari!"

Ari blinked rapidly at the sound of Jai's voice, the other self folding back into her so Ari was back in control of herself. She stumbled back at the unexpected control, her heartbeat racing, a lump of sick disbelief in her throat as she gazed reluctantly up at Jai who was standing, gaping at her in horror. She winced, looking over his shoulder to see Luca by Yasmin's side.

"Ari, what the hel did you do?" Jai whispered hoarsely.

She shook her head, desperate for him to understand. It hadn't been her. She didn't do this. She was...

I'm going crazy. I'm going crazy.

"Ari?"

She shook him off, stumbling back from him, the room spinning around her. She thought she was in control. She wasn't in control. Oh crap.

Holy Macaroons just didn't cut it. This was a holy fu-

Her thoughts were brought to a standstil by the squealing, choking noises Yasmin was making as she turned to Luca in a panic, stil unable to talk.

Horrified, Ari blurted out, "I command you to speak again."

"Oh my... What the hel!" Yasmin shrieked in terror, her eyes wide on Ari. "What the hel is she? She's not normal! She's not right-"

"Calm yourself," Luca snapped, grabbing the young woman by her arms. He cursed as she struggled and turned desperately to Ari. "You have to command her to

un-know what she knows, Ari. Now!"

Panic fluttering in her chest, Ari took a frantic step forward, ignoring Jai's accusatory silence. "I command you, Yasmin Lenz, to never tel anyone, by any means of communication, of what happened here today between," she glanced at her watch, "7.30 and 7.50pm. Ever."

Yasmin's mouth slammed shut and she shot Luca a look of anguished betrayal.

Luca, however, was frowning. "You sure you worded that right?"

Voice quiet and shaken, Ari explained, "If I'd worded it differently I might have left a loophole. This way she can't bring up what she suspects about me without aluding to what happened in the last twenty minutes and she's completely incapable of doing that now that I've commanded her otherwise."

"Good." Bitar turned to Yasmin. "Go back to my office. This is your own fault for interfering in something that had nothing to do with you."

As soon as Yasmin was gone, Luca glared at Jai. "Yasmin Lenz. Realy?"

"Hugo deserved it." Jai shrugged, stil unable it seemed to look at Ari.

Luca froze for a moment. "You know about Nicki."

Jai stiffened and Ari gasped. Luca knew his wife had had an affair with Hugo Lenz? "You knew?"

"Of course I knew," Luca replied bitterly. "I know everything that goes on in my tribe. And while I understand your motive was based on your sense of loyalty, I don't appreciate your methods."

Jai nodded, his jaw tight with tension. "It was over before it started."

"Yes, wel... so was Hugo and Nicki's affair." Luca grew quiet before turning to eye Ari carefuly. "Try looking after Ms. Johnson without 'looking after her'-"

"Father-"

"That's al I wil say on the matter. Safe Guarding with the Roes. Goodbye." He turned to Ari, his expression thoughtful. "Goodbye Ms. Johnson."

Ari nodded her head in a vague gesture of goodbye and then sagged when he left. "Jai... I'm so sorry...I-"

"Stop." Jai held up a hand, not looking at her. "We need to get the hel out of here."

Feeling her chest squeeze in fear at his distant and cold tone, Ari asked softly, "What about Trey?"

"He's on assignment. I'l cal him and let him know what's happened."

"Jai..." she tried again, her hand reaching out to gently brush his arm.

He stiffened, his shoulders hunching up to his ears. "Let's just go."

Fearful and anxious, Ari took a breath and fled into the Peripatos, heartbroken that she not only had to deal with the fact that the Seal was gaining more power over her, but also with the fact that Jai - unlike Ari - may be incapable of loving someone who was broken.

8 - Hope Dies Last

The feel of Ari's energy beside him distracted Jai. She stil trembled a little beside him and despite the way he had reacted (like an idiot) to her loss of control and use of the Seal, Ari stil edged close to him, seeking comfort.

Jai wasn't mad at her. He knew that's what she thought, but he wasn't mad. He was scared for her, and he didn't know what to do for her other than to keep a careful watch over her. And that only made him feel impotent and angry at himself.

Making Ari feel like crap wasn't helping. She was scared already too. He didn't want her to think she was in this alone and yet... that's what he'd done. Why?

Jai nodded at the man who greeted him, but his face seemed so far away.

Ari was screwing him up. She was destroying his focus and filing his mind until there was nothing in it but her. And last night... He closed his eyes and bowed his head, remembering how it felt to have her in his arms. The softness of her skin, the brush of her gentle hands, the vanila scent that clung to her silky hair; the breathy sighs... her loving smiles.

Her 'I love you's'.

Longing coursed through Jai and it was dangerous. Dangerous and addictive and...

Why can't I say it back? He slanted a look at her out of the corner of his eye. She seemed steadier now as she addressed Michael Roe, Falon's father and leader of the Roe Guild.

Stil... why?

You know why, a vicious voice whispered in his head.

Nicki.

Jai clenched his hands in to fists, forcing the memory back... the one memory that scarred him more than al the others...

... His stepmother Nicki Bitar stood sneering at him, her arms folded over her chest, her manicured nails tapping ominously on her upper arm. It signaled

violence. On her left stood her youngest Stephen. At ten years old he stood warily by his mother's side. And on her right stood David, six years older than Jai. An eighteen year old man-boy. He was grinning at Jai with anticipation and bloodlust in his eyes.

Nicki eyed the man holding him. Twenty year old Tarik whose strong hands were gripping him so tightly there was no way the much younger Jai could get

out of his hold. "Don't let him go, son. Stephen and David are going to take their turns punishing the boy for bruising David in training."

Jai pulled again at the arms gripping his. "We were training!" he yelled indignantly.

"Really, mom." Tarik sighed. "If David let's himself get taken unawares by a twelve year old, he deserves the bruise. Can we just let this go?"

Nicki's eyes flashed in outrage. "No! If you love me, you will stay and see the boy punished."

"Fine. Let's get this over with. I have a life you know."

"Stephen," Nicki pushed her youngest forward. "You first."

Eyeing his half-brother with something akin to horror, Stephen shook his head and turned to look back at Nicki. "Mom, do I have to?"

"Yes," she hissed. "I told you he's a bad boy. He deserves this."

"But I don't want to."

"For the love of..." David sighed and stepped forward, taking a grip of his younger brother's wrist. He tugged him roughly over to Jai and guided his

hand back before cracking it across Jai's face. The sting of the smack flared up his left cheek and he closed his eyes, feeling the heat follow in its wake.

"See!" David smirked. "Now do it yourself but this time punch him. If you don't... I'll punch you."

When no rebuke came from his mother, Stephen turned back to Jai with tears in his eyes. He punched out but it barely grazed Jai's chin.

"That was pathetic," David snarled. "Get out of the way." He shoved Stephen aside and drew back his fist.

It caught Jai in the cheek and sent him careening back in Tarik's arms. The eldest immediately let him fall, his head cracking against the black and white checkered flooring. As the kicks and punches rained down on his body, Jai sent his mind to another place, to a sparkling ocean and sandy beach where no

one else was around, where he could feel no pain and no torment. It was his place whenever the abuse got violent.

"Enough!" Jai heard Tarik growl through the ringing in his ears. He eased open his right eye since his left was swelling shut and saw Tarik nodding at his mother as he wiped blood from his knuckles. "Father will be angry if we go too far."

Jai tensed with hope - hope that it was over - and he rolled a little, catching Stephen's eye. The young boy blanched and turned to his mother. "I think Tarik's right, mom."

In response Nicki shoved Stephen towards the door. "Get out," she snapped. "All of you. Out."

As soon as the boys left, Nicki glanced back at Jai. Her lip curled in disgust as she strode carefully towards him. "Is that what you think, boy? You think Luca actually cares if you live or die?" She bent down beside him, her face so close he could feel the touch of her Irish breath on his face. "He doesn't."

Think of the beach, he pleaded to himself, the agony of those words still cutting him despite all the walls he'd tried to build up against his father's hatred.

"All he cares about is his honor," Nicki continued. "If it weren't for that, you wouldn't be here. You remember that, boy. You remember that always."

Tears of anger glistened in her eyes as she leaned close enough to show him the torment in them. "The only thing of any value a person can have in this

world is hope. Hope lifts us out of the darkest of places, the ugliest feelings and the greatest heartbreaks.

A long time ago... Luca was my hope. I would look at him and all my sadness went away because I had my hope- the profound knowledge that he would

always be there for me, that we would always share the kind of connection so few people in this world are lucky to find.

And then your mother broke Luca. She slithered inside him and she stole from him. From me. And still I hoped." Tears began to roll down her pretty face.

"I hoped that we would make it through what she had done to us, that we could repair what was broken. Until... you landed on my doorstep. A constant

reminder of what she had done. And as long as you live I will never have hope again, no hope of ever recovering what was lost." She brushed hastily at her tears and growled into his ear. "And so I will take what you have taken from me, boy. I will be your constant reminder that there is no hope for you. There will never be anyone who could love you. Not true, deep, abiding love, because I will make it so you are so broken, so unloved, that you're incapable of connecting with it. You'll be forever unloveable." She pinched his arm and Jai squeezed his eye shut along with the swollen one. Although his body ached with the beating he took, it was nothing compared to the cutting, ripping feeling that was tearing apart his chest and causing tears to fall when they never had before. "Yes," she whispered in satisfaction. "No one will ever love you. No one. How could they, when even the beings that brought you into this world cannot."

... Jai shuddered from the memory and turned to gaze at Ari, completely forgetting where they were. Feeling his gaze, she looked back at him in surprise and

whatever she saw in his expression turned her ever-changing eye color dark with sadness.

I love you, she whispered in his mind. I know you're mad... but I love you.

Despite what Nicki had tried to do, despite how much she had taken from him, Ari stil loved him. And best of al, she seemed to understand that even though he couldn't say the words back to her just yet, it didn't mean he didn't care about her, that he wasn't struggling with his past in the hopes of having a future with her. Ari loved him without expecting anything in return. And although that scared the hel out of him, and he didn't want to hurt her or be hurt by her, Jai was going to see this through. He was going to be there for her. No matter what.

I'm not mad, he promised. We'll work it out. Together.

She smiled slowly, the tension seeming to leak from her body and the fact that he had that kind of effect on her made Jai feel a lot euphoric and a little scared shitless.

A throat clearing broke their gaze. Michael Roe was staring at them with narrowed eyes from his perch on his huge library desk. They were in his office in his home in Burlington, New Jersey, surrounded by tradition. The room was richly appointed in expensive walnut flooring, doors, desk, bookshelves. The bookshelves were crammed with leather-bound books and colector's items. A Persian rug lay under foot, and a top-of-the-line computer was perched on the desk. A locked display cabinet held some ancient looking weapons in them that drew Jai's interest. He reminded himself to ask about them later.

Indeed the whole room screamed money, and Jai remembered from his own enquiries into the Roe Guild before they joined them in Phoenix that the families had

invested their money into a number of successful restaurants, bakeries and even a movie theater. They paid other people to manage their businesses while they took the money and used it to fund The Guild hunting.

"Are you alright, Mr. Bitar?" Michael asked curiously.

Jai nodded, unleashing the ful force of his energy into the room. He may be distracted by Ari but they stil needed to know that he was powerful. And that he was her guardian. And he would do whatever it took to make her happy. They had to be intimidated by him in case they decided to neglectfuly abuse their position as a sanctum. "Eager to see Ari settled, Michael. And please... cal me Jai."

An unexpected feeling of pride rushed through Ari at the way Jai handled the situation. It was mingled with relief. And... yeah... lust. She couldn't help herself. He made her skin tingle even in the most dire of situations. Ari smiled and then shot a look at Charlie who had arrived at the Roe's before them. He was sitting beside Falon at the fireplace in Michael Roe's office. Charlie gave her a nod, and Falon winked at her, seeming happy to have them back.

"The Red King has informed me that you wish to seek sanctuary with the Roe Guild. Correct?" Michael asked Ari, drawing her attention back to him.

"Yes, sir."

"Despite his Royal Highness' threats to kil any one of my Guild who betrays your existence here and indeed your secret, I am more than happy to welcome you.

Both of you. A Ginnaye with your reputation, Jai, is always welcome. And Ari, despite it being dangerous to harbor you, what kind of Guild could we cal ourselves if we turned away someone in need and indeed the chalenge. However." Michael frowned, standing up off the desk and surprising Ari with his height. He was almost as tal as Jai. And despite being a little over middle-aged, he was ripped; kind of intimidatingly strong and authoritative actualy. "The Red King has insisted that you be alowed to hunt. That is a concession I find hard to make. You've been in control of your powers for only a few months. You're not trained. You're inexperienced and inexperience can be dangerous."

A fist squeezed around Ari's ribcage in panic at the direction this conversation was taking. She needed to hunt. She couldn't just sit around al day waiting for the bad guys to come and get her. She needed to be the one pursuing them or she'd go nuts. "I understand your reluctance," she began, staying as calm as she could. "But I'm a fast learner. I've already started training with Jai and Falon, and I'm sure they'd both tel you how far I've come in such a short time."

Falon's father nodded back at her with a smal smile. "I appreciate your eagerness, Ari. I admire it. I do. And yes, my daughter has told me how impressed she is with you, but, and I don't intend this to be calous, you weren't even able to protect yourself from being kidnapped. How can I expect you to hunt?"

Ari winced, not realy seeing how she could reply to that with any dignity.

"I've been training since infancy." Jai stepped forward, surprising her and Michael. His green eyes glittered with strength and truth. "And even I was taken by surprise by the Harmal concoction utilized to drug Ari." He shot her a glance, his expression serious and professional, betraying none of his feelings for her. "I've worked with a lot of Jinn over the years and I promise you, I've never seen better potential than Ari. She's been through more than most and she's not running. She's here, standing strong and ready to fight. That's the kind of hunter any Guild would dream of having."

The room grew hushed at his declaration and Ari had to squeeze back the tears of emotion that pooled in her eyes in case it ruined the effect Jai had just tried to create around her. She drew in a deep breath and gave him a grateful smile. He was getting a big kiss for that later.

Michael Roe was looking at her again, studying her more carefuly than before. "Maybe in a few years."

Ari scowled. "Mr. Roe, no offence, but I can't wait a few years. Train me, watch me, and then throw me into the deep end." She took a beseeching step forward. "I need this. You've been a hunter your entire life... but have you ever been the prey? And not just any prey... I'm like winning American 'freaking' Idol prey...

thousands of people want it. Want me. Or they wil if and when they discover what I realy am. Which I'm pretty sure they wil eventualy, or my uncle wouldn't have hired the best Ginnaye on the planet to look after me. I know my uncle kind of high-handedly insisted that you let me hunt, but that's because he knows I can't be a victim any more. Do you understand?" she asked fiercely. "I can't let them do that to me. I need to turn it on their heads. And isn't there some crazy ass Jinn out there that you would love to stop? Permanently? Because I can do that... and apparently, according to my uncle, no one wil ever face trial for it."

Everyone was so quiet for a moment, Ari thought maybe she'd gone too far, acted too desperately. But then Michael smiled, a huff of laughter escaping his lips as he eyed her a little differently than before. "Fine." He nodded. "I might regret it later, but you've won me over. You'l be put to training immediately while Charlie continues his training with Jack."

"Thank you. I appreciate it." Ari grinned at him and then smiled hopefuly back at Jai. He gave her a smal nod, clearly trying to make up for his earlier preoccupation with her by acting a little more cooly towards her. Ari didn't care. He'd kiss her behind closed doors later.

"Jai and Ari wil stay with my family." Michael turned to Charlie. "Jack says you're welcome to stay in his home with him, Charlie."

"Great." Charlie smiled and then winked at Ari. "Fresh start, bestie."

Ari laughed. "You know for someone who almost died yesterday, you're in an exceptionaly good mood."

"I escaped the jaws of death. It does something to a guy."

Jai grunted and Ari noticed how suspiciously he stil eyed Charlie. "Yeah, wel let's hope that something hasn't made you any stupider."

Charlie flipped him the bird causing Jai to mutter under his breath about immature kids and death wishes. A tight bal of anxiety developed in Ari's stomach. Charlie was chipper because he stil hadn't given up on his revenge? That's what Jai thought, right?

"Interesting," Michael murmured, his eyes flicking between Jai and Charlie.

Falon waved her father's interest off. "They're like this al the time. Don't be put off by it. It's actualy quite entertaining."

"It's a headache," Ari growled. "So quit it."

Charlie held his hands up in defense. "Hey, I didn't do anything."

"Yet." Jai cocked an arrogant eyebrow at him.

Jai, Ari admonished, her own need to believe in Charlie smothering her instincts, you know what it's like to have no one believe in you. Let's give him the

benefit of the doubt for now.

He shook his head. You're setting yourself up for a fall. I don't want you hurt.

Look, let's just give him a chance to fall in love with The Guild. If he's happy, he might not want to jeopardize his new life.

How can you still be such an optimist? he asked in amazement.

Ari wrinkled her nose. You make me sound soft. I'm not soft. I'm... hopeful.

"What are they doing?" Michael asked.

"Oh, they're talking telepathicaly," Falon answered lazily, "They do that a lot."

"Yeah, it's annoying," Charlie added.

Ari flipped him the bird.

Michael groaned. "Why do I feel like I've just adopted another Falon Roe? One is enough."

Laughing, Ari shared an affectionate smile with Falon. "I'l take that as a compliment."

A while later, after being introduced to Falon's mother, Caroline, and shown to the room across the hal from Falon's, Ari finished washing up and quietly took the stairs down to the second floor of the fairly large house Falon had been raised in. Jai was staying in the guest bedroom along from Michael and Caroline's suite. Dinner was waiting for them downstairs, but Ari wanted to see Jai alone. They hadn't been alone since what happened with Yasmin at Luca's.

He opened the door at her telepathic message to let her in and Ari lost her breath.

How could he do that to her stil? She saw him every day. But those eyes, so green and pretty with their dark lashes, were a hot contradiction to the chiseled jaw-line and cheekbones, and the sulky hardened pout of his mouth. He was beautiful, powerful, loyal and mature. Wel when Charlie wasn't in the vicinity. Sure, he wasn't the chatty type, but everything was in Jai's actions. He was good. He was good and true and she trusted him like she trusted no one else. Every time- every time-she looked at him... yeah... he took her breath away.

She smiled a little tremulously, suddenly overwhelmed by the depth of her feeling for him. "I just wanted to check in before dinner. I haven't felt Ms. Maggie yet. I'm a little worried."

"I wouldn't be. She'l turn up. Maybe you could get her to show herself this time."

"I am getting curious about her."

"Finaly."

At his dry tone, Ari shifted uncomfortably. "We're okay, right?"

Checking the hal to make sure they were alone, Jai took her hand and led her inside. His room was bigger than hers. So was the bed.

Hmm.

Jai's hands on her shoulders drew her attention back to his face. He stood so close she had to tilt her head back to meet his gaze. "What happened with Yasmin? I mean, I know what happened but why couldn't you control it this time?"

Bowing her head in mortification and shame, Ari sighed. "I don't know. It was like this time I got angry so quickly I didn't have time to feel the darkness take over.

One minute I was me and the next the Seal was controling me."

"Why?"

Ari made a face at him, her cheeks stil flushed with embarrassment. "Because it was you."

He scowled. "What does that mean?"

"My emotions are little high strung right now okay... because of you. And she was saying al these things about you, about us... I wanted to hurt her because they al hurt you and I guess the Seal used that against me or something. I don't know, Jai, I don't know how it works. How can the Seal be like a sentient thing, you know?"

Trembling so hard, Ari sunk into Jai's solid hold as he cupped her cheeks in his large hands and kissed her forehead. "I don't know," he murmured against her skin.

"Maybe we should think about training you. Sparking triggers and training you to push the Seal back down."

"Do you think that'l work?"

"It's worth a try. Right?"

Sliding her arms around his waist and sinking into his embrace as his own arms wrapped around her shoulders, Ari nodded. "Yeah. I don't want to feel that way again. Or have you feel that way about me again."

Shoving her gently back, Jai frowned at her. "Feel what way?"

"You were... mad. Disappointed."

"No. I was upset. I don't like feeling helpless, and not knowing how to help you makes me feel like crap, okay."

"Realy?" Ari asked doubtfuly. "Cause, you kind of had your scary, don't talk to me, don't even look at me, thing going on when it happened."

"That's my helpless face."

"Oh. It looks a lot like rage."

"Yeah, I only have three expressions. Blank. Pissed off. And polite boredom."

Ari laughed and he smiled softly at her. Self-deprecation was something she hadn't seen on him before. She liked that she was beginning to see a side to him she suspected only Trey knew existed. "Wel, I balance you out, so don't worry about it. I've been told my face is an open book."

"I don't know." Jai shook his head as he tucked her hair behind her ear and stroked her waist with his other hand. "Not so much anymore. Sometimes I'd love to know what you're thinking."

Grinning flirtatiously, Ari stepped into him until their bodies were pressed tight against each other. "Can you guess what I'm thinking now?"

In answer Jai gripped the nape of her neck and puled her up to meet his mouth, his movement surprisingly fast and rough, his kiss overwhelming. Tingles of

excitement shot through Ari as she opened her lips to let his tongue touch hers. The kiss deepened and he groaned into her mouth, and as the vibration of it buzzed through her body, sparks were set off in places Ari didn't know sparks could be set off in. Their mouths refused to break apart, their bodies taking over and screaming at them that they wanted to meld into one. Ari's leg was climbing Jai's, his hands were on her hips, keeping her tight to him, their breaths mingling as they remembered the night before and al the possibilities ahead of them. It wasn't until Ari reached under Jai's shirt, tickling her hands along the waist of his jeans that sense seemed to come back to him and he broke the kiss, panting heavily.

Ari's own pants whispered across his mouth. She felt dizzy and disorientated, her eyes unfocused. Whoa. "You stopped," she muttered in disappointment.

"Yeah," he chuckled hoarsely, gently pushing her away from him. "Because we have dinner to get to and I don't want to look like I just tried to get my client into bed."

Laughing now at his physical predicament, Ari took a step back. "I see. Wel, if it's any consolation, you were trying to get your girlfriend into bed." With a cocky smile that smoothed Jai's scowl, Ari sauntered to the door. "I'l leave you alone to cool off. See you at dinner."

"You're learning too fast," Jai grumbled.

Ari stopped halfway out of the door. "Learning what too fast?"

His frown transformed into a wickedly sexy smile. "How to drive me crazy."

Grinning, Ari shrugged. "It's only fair. You drove me crazy for days sleeping on my floor, sometimes without a shirt on. It was a form of torture and I intend to get my vengeance." Feeling lighter than she had fifteen minutes ago, Ari left Jai staring sensualy after her and took a few smug steps down the halway before she stopped, placing a hand over her racing heartbeat.

Maybe she needed a few seconds to cool down too.

9 - Giving the Pawn a Name Makes the Game a Little Harder

"I asked you to protect her as much as you could. Not encourage her to seek danger by becoming a hunter."

Red glared at her, her admonishment raising his hackles. "You forget yourself."

Scoffing, the beauty flipped her dark hair over her shoulder and eyed him unafraid. "Don't use that tone with me, Red. You and I are past that."

"Then don't accuse me of putting Ari in danger. You're being overprotective, Ms. Maggie."

She scowled at the nickname. "Are you sure this just doesn't fit into your father's twisted plans? Like his plans for Charlie. Fruitless plans," she laughed bitterly.

"Not fruitless. He stil plans for Charlie to kil the Labartu. As we speak, Glass is tracking the Jinn so he can lead Charlie to it."

"So Azazil kils Charlie and puts Ari forward as a hunter... to die too? What is the meaning of this? What does he want?"

Trying to rein in his anger, Red turned his back on her and stared into the flames in his fireplace. Despite everything that had happened, she was stil able to make him feel more than anyone else in this world. Speaking slowly, calmly, Red replied, "Azazil has nothing to do with this. I did this for Ari."

"Ari doesn't know what she's doing. She's just a child! And after that trial they are al curious about her. Questions have been raised. The old rumors about the Seal are resurfacing and it won't be long before they come after her." She cursed vehemently. "I wish I could trust that you care enough about her to put her first... like you put me first."

"You can't." Red whirled around, eyes blazing into hers. "I can't even trust that of myself." At the sad despair in her eyes, Red desperately wanted to reach for her.

Instead he shook his head. "I... you care about her. You do. And you're strong. Go to her. Protect her."

Stunned, she took a tentative step towards him. "You said you didn't want me putting myself in danger. You practicaly forbade it if I remember correctly."

"Yes, wel..." feeling his throat close with emotion at the thought of anything happening to her, Red couldn't meet her eyes. "I'm beginning to understand your need to protect Ari. I won't hold you back from that anymore. You would only resent me if something were to happen to her."

"Red..." she whispered longingly.

He glanced up sharply, desperate to be rid of her before he broke his tight control. "But remember I wil never forgive you if something happens to you...so stay hidden and only intervene if you absolutely must."

She smiled sweetly, seductively. "Of course. I'm not suicidal, my love."

A harsh wind tore through the State of Zubair, the land in which The White King ruled on Mount Qaf. Fabric snapped inwards from his balcony as the icy torrent tried to blast its way inside, seeking any warmth it found and snuffing it out in cruel triumph. White stared out at the balcony from his seat near the empty fireplace in his bedroom. The wind would find no warmth here-only a companion who understood its desperation and felt none of its brutal cold.

"She has taken you by surprise, Master," Rabir murmured carefuly from the corner of the room.

White glanced up at his servant, his expression bland and calm despite his inner storm. "Ari changed the game."

"I was certain the blackmail would have worked, Master."

"Oh it would have. However, she no longer intends to let her affection for the people in her life rule her actions. My daughter has more of me in her than I anticipated."

"So what now, Master? I fear we no longer have time to take it slowly. The trial has resurfaced the old rumors. Your people have grown curious and I fear what they may unearth. I fear they may seek Ari out before you have her in your grasp."

White nodded a little numbly now. Time was running out. He needed a new plan. If only he could make her understand what was at stake. If only he could make her see that her sacrifice would save them al. "I fear you are right, Rabir. I must reconsider tactics. And quickly."

Catching movement out of the corner of his eye, White glanced up to see Rabir was standing beside the purple bottle he kept safe in his bedroom. Throwing him a very tentative smile, Rabir gestured at the bottle. "And what Ari said about Sala, Master? Is that out of the question?"

His first instinct was to rage at Rabir's impudence. To even suggest such a thing... White shuddered inwardly, pushing the fury down so he could think more clearly.

Finaly, when he felt calm enough to speak, he shot the bottle that throbbed with the taste of Sala's essence an unfathomably dark look before snapping his gaze away and back at the storm outside.

"I'l think about it."

10 - Without Fear, I Wrap My Shadows Around You

"What are you guys doing?" Charlie asked with laughter in his voice as he eyed Mikey and Ari. They were in the Creagh's kitchen surrounded by

newspaper, paint and paste. And there was some kind of lump in between them that had their complete focus.

Ari pasted another piece of newspaper onto the lump, biting her lip in concentration. Seeming satisfied that it was wrinkle-free, she picked up another

strip without looking at him. "Mikey's art project is due tomorrow so I'm helping him."

Scooting onto the stool across from them, Charlie tried to stifle his smile as Mikey frowned at the plans in front of him and then at the lump Ari was so busy with. "Uh... and what's your project, Mikey?"

His little brother looked up at him, a pained expression on his young face. "We had to make a household item but with a theme. I picked space."

"Oh," Charlie nodded and gestured at the lump. "Are you making a moon ornament?" A lopsided moon ornament, he added inwardly.

"No," Ari huffed, glaring at him now.

Charlie tried not to smile. "You've got a blob of paste on your nose."

She wiped it roughly away and blew her hair out of her face. "It's a lampshade. A lampshade shaped like an alien."

Choking back his laughter, Charlie reached for the plans Mikey held out to him. They were supposed to be making a green alien lampshade with three

arms on either side. "This is ambitious."

"Yes. But we can do it."

"Charlie..." Mikey begged silently with his eyes.

"Ari, you ever done papier-mache before?"

"Of course. Remember we made planets in fourth grade."

"No," Charlie gently shoved her out of the way and took her seat, "I made planets. You ate paste."

"You can't just manhandle me out of this. I'm project manager."

Laughing, Charlie eyed his brother. "You want to fire her or will I?"

Looking serious and regretful, Mikey turned to Ari who was standing over them with her hands on her hips. "I'm sorry, Ari. You're fired."

She made a few spluttering noises before crossing her arms over her chest. "That was so harsh."

Like always, Ari's silent treatment lasted five minutes. She hovered over them as they started from scratch, making them snacks and bringing them soda,

and offering commentary and suggestions that were ignored as he and Mikey spent three hours creating a papier-mache alien lampshade. By the time they

were finished, Mikey's eyes were drooping.

"Right, it'll be dry in the morning. You better get to bed." Charlie steered Mikey towards the hall.

Mumbling thanks to Charlie, his little brother sleepily stumbled his way up to bed, calling a lazy goodnight out to his mom as he passed the sitting room.

Sighing wearily himself, Charlie went back inside the kitchen to see Ari had miraculously cleared everything away in seconds. He smiled at her gratefully as he pulled his backpack up off the floor.

"I suppose I better get going." Ari yawned and then eyed him as he took out the math chapter he had to finish for tomorrow's class. "You haven't done it yet?"

Charlie shook his head. "I got waylaid, remember." At her silence and unwavering stare, Charlie frowned. "What?"

She smiled at him suddenly and impulsively reached over and kissed his cheek. Charlie felt his skin burn hot where her lips had touched him and he

laughed a little nervously.

"What was that for?"

"You're such a good brother." She slipped onto the stool beside him. "I've finished this chapter. I can help you get it done quicker."

"You don't have to, Ari. What I did tonight... it was nothing. It was a stupid lampshade."

"A stupid lampshade that meant a lot to Mikey. I wish I had someone like you. Admit it." She nudged his shoulder playfully. "You'd do anything for your

brother."

Huffing, Charlie rolled his eyes. "Are you helping me or what?"

"Not until you admit it."

Seeing she was serious, Charlie smirked, giving in. "Fine. I admit. I'd do absolutely anything for the little creep." He shoved the math book at her. "Now will you help me or not?"

... Charlie gazed at the ceiling, light from the street lamps outside casting shadows across it. He watched shadows of the leaves of the tree outside dance in front of him and wished, like he wished every day, that he could dance the shadows out of his soul. Not a day went by when he didn't have a flashback to some ordinary day with Mikey - ordinary days that had suddenly grown extraordinary now, if only for the fact that they alowed Charlie to talk to Mikey again in his memories.

Part of him kept waiting, like Ari kept waiting, for him to come to his senses. To let this dangerous plan for vengeance go. But the need was just getting stronger. A few weeks had passed since his and Ari's arrival at the Roe's home, and Charlie stil hadn't let go. He was training every day with Jack, learning more and more about power. Tempted every day to take out the emerald Red had given him. So far he'd been strong enough to resist.

Jack had started searching for the Labartu for him and they could both feel the bitch getting closer to them. Jack understood. He knew. He got it. Charlie had spent his young life doing everything for Mikey, looking after him, keeping him safe, keeping him happy. Wel... this was the one last thing he had to do for him.

And it helped having Jack. But it also helped having Falon too. She was like the most non-judgmental person he'd ever met.

Sighing, Charlie sat up in bed and glanced back down at Falon. She was sleeping peacefuly, her hand tucked under her chin like a little girl. A rush of affection washed over him and Charlie tried hard to push it back down. But he couldn't. It was too exhausting. Reluctant to wake her but knowing Jack would be waiting for him, Charlie brushed her cheek until her eyelashes fluttered open.

"You better get back before your parents notice you're gone," he told her softly and enjoyed the sight of her as she sat up, stretching languidly.

She yawned and then shot him a wicked smile that did funny things to his insides. "It's not even light out. Is that why you're up so early? To wake me and protect my reputation?"

Charlie chuckled. "No. Jack likes to train early." He eyed her thoughtfuly. "You want to train with us today? It was fun last time."

Shaking her head regretfuly, Falon slipped out of bed and shuffled her short but gorgeous legs into her jeans. "Can't. Got my own training with Ari. That girl is awesome. Dad's realy impressed with her."

Her name made Charlie tense, an inexplicable feeling of guilt chipping at his good mood. He didn't know what had happened with Ari and Jai but he wasn't fooled by their pretense that nothing had happened. He had a feeling they were keeping their relationship on the down-low to protect Jai. So Ari had moved on. Why did Charlie then feel like he was cheating on her? He'd always felt that way, ever since Mikey... every time he fooled around with another girl, he felt like an unfaithful boyfriend.

Falon sighed and Charlie glanced up at her from under his eyelashes, wary of the heaviness in that sigh. "Charlie, you know you just think you're hung up on her, right?"

"There is no think about it," he replied gruffly, not wanting to hurt her but prickling at the condescending suggestion that he didn't know his own mind. Confused, he shook his head. "Anyway, you stil had sex with me knowing what the deal was."

"Yeah, I did." She shrugged nonchalantly before puling on his Twin Atlantic shirt. He should be pissed that she'd borrowed it without asking because it hadn't been easy to find... but she looked realy hot in it. "You and I have been vibing since we met. You seriously think you can honestly be in love with Ari and stil want to fool around with other girls?"

"She doesn't want me. I'm moving on."

"Right. That's why you've been flirting with me since the get-go, before you knew for sure Ari didn't want you." She shook her head at him, not angry but almost pleading. "Even though Ari and Jai won't admit to how they feel for each other, Jai hasn't looked at one other girl but Ari since I met him."

Glowering now and hating where she was leading with this, Charlie growled, "Your point?"

"I'm saying, when Ari's around you're al teasing and affectionate and close. But not like in a needy, have to be with you kind of way. Like a friend, close. When Ari is in the room with Jai, that guy is totaly focused on her. When she's not looking, he's watching her. It's like a freaking Jane Austen novel."

"That doesn't mean anything," Charlie argued. "We're totaly different guys."

"Right," Falon agreed, "You profess to be in love with a girl, then you give up on her without a fight, and then you screw around with her newest bestie. I doubt Jai is screwing around with anyone. I bet he hasn't screwed around with anyone since he met her."

"If you're trying to say I don't love Ari, then you're wrong."

"I think you love Ari. I just don't think you love her enough."

It was like she'd slapped him. He blinked rapidly, his heart racing a little too fast as her words brought back Ari's own words to him. Those exact same words.

"Babe, I'm sorry." Falon brushed a gentle hand down his cheek as he gazed down at her, lost. "I didn't mean to go al serious on you."

He shook his head slowly and brought her hand to his lips, pressing a forgiving kiss to her fingers. "It's okay. Not many girls would have this conversation with a guy they'd just slept with."

She grinned mischievously. "Wel, I'm not like other girls."

"Yeah, I'm getting that."

"I had a lot of fun last night. Like a lot. Like... more than I've had before."

He grinned back at her now, wrapping his arms around her waist and breathing her in. She smeled like him, and Charlie felt a rush of possessiveness he hadn't been expecting. "You saying I'm the best you ever had?"

"Wel, according to rumor you've had a lot of practice."

In retaliation he began to tickle her, until their fighting tumbled them back down onto the bed. Charlie pinned her there, his eyes hypnotized by the cute little bow of her mouth. She was so adorably gorgeous, but the exterior hid a sharp mind, biting wit, and openness that he found refreshing. He liked her. Smiling at the realization and feeling a little freer for it, Charlie asked softly, "Was last night the kind of fun you'd want to repeat with me?"

Seeming to enjoy being pinned down by him, Falon made a soft little humming sound before nodding slowly. "Oh definitely."

As their kiss deepened, Charlie grew even more relaxed. Other than Jack, Falon was the only one he could talk to about his revenge without her flipping out on him-like Ari. No, Falon would just listen, let him talk it out. She was kind of turning into his best friend here. He stopped, puling back to look at her.

"What?" she whispered.

His smile was a little shy as he replied, "I like you."

Grinning now, Falon nodded. "Yeah. I like you too, Charlie Creagh."

11 - You Fear What You Don't Understand.

I've Always Understood What I Feared.

It had been weeks now. There was no sign of curious or dangerous Jinn. No sign of The White King. Al was quiet. Too quiet, as far as Ari was concerned. She felt anxious al the time, waiting on something to happen, and she buried that anxiousness into her training with Falon and Jai. Every night she fel into bed physicaly exhausted from being beaten and bruised and battered as they tried to catch her up on years of defensive training, touching mostly on kickboxing and Krav Maga. Other days, they concentrated on Ari's defensive magic. Out of everything, it was the hardest to control. They'd thrown bolts of energy at her, used their magic to send gym equipment flying at her-anything around them that could be used as a weapon was used as a weapon, to simulate what a real attack from a Jinn would be like. The three of them fought but they were always thinking ten steps ahead, remembering that any time they used magic it had consequences. Some Jinn wouldn't do that, and Ari had to learn how to fight back without causing a ripple with her magic. That was the hard part. Every time she thought she'd come up with something clever, she'd realize that her defensive tactics could cause a ripple. Three times she'd tried something and then realized what she was doing, only to stop and then nearly get battered by a training weight or sliced by a knife. Ms. Maggie, who had returned the day after she'd settled in with Falon's family, had saved her ass too many times to count.

Only yesterday, and when Falon's mother, Caroline, had been watching too, Falon had conjured the neighbor's Doberman. Vicious guarded the driveway of the

Doneli's large home along with his brother, Terror. Dazed, scared and confused, Vicious had taken one look at Ari in that smal gymnasium, drew back his teeth and charged her. She knew she could use her own energy to create a shield that he would hit off, but her defensive energy, she'd learned, actualy hurt. Dog lover at heart, Ari didn't want to hurt the beast. Without thinking, she'd created a pocket in the air around her and Vicious had slammed into it with a confused grunt. Immediately, he'd disappeared as Falon had thrown her ember-bright hands out, transporting him back from whence he'd come.

"What was that?" Jai had cried out from across the room.

Flushing, Ari had looked to Caroline who was scowling at her daughter. "I told you not to conjure the neighbor's dogs, young lady. It's unkind."

Falon had raised an eyebrow. "Unkind. Those dogs are trained to rip out my throat. I'm sure they can handle a little conjuring every now and then, mother." She shot Ari a look. "I didn't counter in your soft spot for growling males though." Falon winked at her before smirking at Jai, who in return raised an eyebrow at her in warning. Laughing, Falon shrugged. "Okay, I shouldn't have conjured the dog but Ari protected herself."

Jai sighed. "By using air." He rubbed a hand over his head as he turned to Ari. "I thought we were past this. Remember, there are consequences to magic use, especialy elemental magic use."

"But I would have hurt him..." Ari shrugged.

"Ari," Caroline caled to her. The woman was giving her a no-nonsense look. "In real life, if a vicious dog comes running at you, even if it's not there by choice, I'm afraid you're going to have to use your defensive magic to protect yourself and others from that dog. Or any animal that is bent on attacking you."

"Even if it's under Jinn magic and doesn't realy mean it?"

"Unfortunately yes. This is a world ful of hard decisions. It's caled being a grown up." Caroline smiled kindly, to soften the edge in her words and then left after shooting her daughter another warning look.

"Right," Jai had strode forward. "Let's try this again."

Ari had tried to prove herself to Michael and the rest of the Roes by training day in and day out, and they al seemed to have warmed to her. Of course, she hadn't met al of The Guild since there were a lot of them, and quite a few of them were elsewhere on hunting jobs. There had been some awkwardness at first, since the Roes were pretty uncomfortable with the fact that one of their own - Anabeth - had betrayed and dishonored them and tried to kil Jai and instead almost kiled Ari. But Ari never brought it up and neither did Jai.

She caught sight of her boyfriend out of the corner of her eye as she stepped carefuly to the side, arms raised in front of her face, ready for Falon's attack. The mat was firm beneath her feet and her body was thrumming with energy. She'd had a great night's sleep considering she'd messed up yesterday, but rather than let it get her down, Ari was determined to make sure it never happened again. Jai was nodding encouragingly as he watched her and Falon with utter focus. She missed him. They hadn't realy spent that much time alone together these last few weeks. He'd snuck in a few kisses here and there whenever they had gotten a piece of miraculous privacy, and there had been this one night in the gym that had gotten kind of hot, but the truth was they were usualy so tired at the end of the night they colapsed in their separate bedrooms. And of course Jai was so damn respectful of Michael...

... It was getting to be a bit of an ache not being able to publicly be with him. Sometimes the closest she got to him was when they were sparring. Today was not one of those days though. He had her sparring with Falon so he could see exactly what she stil needed to work on. Which was a lot.

Falon made a move and Ari stepped back with her left foot and blocked the kick with the side of her right forearm. They both stepped back, bouncing a little, warming up. And then started sparring in earnest-exchanging blows, neither one of them getting in a hit.

"I slept with Charlie last night," Falon admitted suddenly and Ari's whole body just froze.

Pain exploded across her cheekbone as Falon's fist connected with her face. She stumbled back, her blurry vision clearing as she gasped out the breath that had been stuck in her chest at the blow.

"What the hel...?" she heard Jai cal out.

Falon's face appeared in front of her, her eyes wide with concern. "Ari, are you okay? Shit, I'm sorry, I was already punching out..."

Ari shook her head, her cheek feeling as if it were twice the size of the other one, throbbing and burning as if it had been slammed into a brick wal rather than a tiny fist. "It's okay."

"I'm sorry about Charlie. I didn't think it would... oh crap. Look, I just thought I should tel you because we're friends and I didn't want you to think I'm hiding anything."

"Ari, are you okay?" Jai asked as he stepped onto the mats, his eyebrows drawn together in concern.

Falon glanced back at him over her shoulder. "Get some ice, wrap it in a towel."

He nodded and left quickly, throwing them one last puzzled look before he left.

Ari sighed and turned to face Falon, feeling a stupid little ache in her chest that Charlie had moved on so fast. "I'm not upset. I'm fine. You just took me by surprise." She smiled ruefuly, tentatively touching her cheek. "It means I made the right decision."

Understanding, Falon nodded, her dark brown eyes ful of more wisdom than someone her age should have. "You did, you know. Charlie wil realize that soon

enough too. He's just being stubborn."

"We've been friends forever. Sometimes it's hard to let go of the memories."

"I'l get him there." Falon smiled kindly, looking so much like her mom it was scary. "If that's okay?"

Ari gave her a reluctant smile back. "I like how he is around you," she admitted, even though doing so made her a little sad. "He's better."

"So, we're stil friends then?"

"Of course."

"Are we sparring or gossiping, ladies?" Jai asked, striding back into the room with the ice.

Falon roled her eyes. "Speaking of stubborn." She smirked at him as he passed her, stopping in front of Ari to gently press the ice cold towel to her cheek. His fingers brushed her chin as he tipped her head up a little and Ari shivered. Falon chuckled. "We were just discussing sex, Gorgeous. Maybe you got something to add to that?"

Feeling her cheeks heat as Jai tensed, Ari lifted her gaze to catch his but he was looking back around at Falon, scowling.

"What?" Falon shrugged, laughing. "She's hot!" she gestured to Ari. "Half the guys in The Guild are drooling over her. You should think about picking up the snail's pace before some other guy gets there first."

"Falon," Ari groaned, puling away from Jai in embarrassment as he turned to look at her questioningly. So a couple of the guys she'd met had been a little flirty. The other half were scared shitless of her, so she thought that evened it out a little.

"Sorry to interrupt, people," Caroline said, appearing in the doorway. She was staring at Jai. "Someone here to see you."

***

"Oh my God," Ari breathed, a huge smile breaking out across her face. "Trey."

The guardian Jinn who, with his tal, rangy build, messy dark blonde hair and tip-tilted grey eyes, might just be the most beautiful guy Ari had ever laid eyes on.

Seeing him brought a rush of warmth to Ari's chest as he stood, leaning casualy against one of Michael's bookshelves with a wide smile. He was wearing a pair of designer black slacks, beat up biker boots, a crisp white t-shirt, and a tailored leather jacket. He wore clothes wel and he knew it. Ari wasn't pleased to see him because he was so gorgeous-although he did pretty up any room he was in- she was pleased to see him because he was so loyal to Jai. He loved his friend, and for that he had Ari's friendship and trust. "Hey, beautiful." He winked at her as he strode toward Jai and took his hand, puling him in for a gruff one armed hug.

"Not that I'm not pleased to see you," Jai said slowly, looking confused as he glanced between Trey and Michael Roe. "But what are you doing here?"

"Thought you might need a hand," Trey answered vaguely before grinning at Ari again and reaching to pul her into a bear hug. She laughed, shoving him playfuly away when he squeezed too hard. He frowned suddenly and reached to turn her face into the light. "What happened here?" he eyed the bruise on her cheekbone that was thankfuly already beginning to heal.

Ari shrugged. "I wasn't paying attention. Falon's tiny, ineffectual fists... not so ineffectual."

Michael cleared his throat, getting up from behind his desk. "Trey has requested permission to join The Guild while you're here?"

Surprised, both Ari and Jai pinned Trey with inquisitive gazes. He laughed again and shrugged. "I finished up my case and thought a vacation from the Ginnaye might be in order."

"And you're letting him stay?" Jai asked Michael, and Ari could hear the curiosity in the question. She was a little curious too as to why The Guild would let Trey in.

It wasn't like The Red King had forced this on Michael Roe.

Falon's dad shrugged. "I've heard of Trey. He's a great Ginnaye. He's your friend and I think it's wise we have as many powerful Jinn among The Guild as we can get our hands on while Ari is staying with us."

Jai nodded. "Fair enough." And then he turned to Trey, silent questions in his eyes.

Ari wondered if they were telepathing.

"Let's catch up." Trey gestured to the door, his smile wilting a little.

Uh oh. Something had happened.

They strode in silence through the house, Jai leading them up to his bedroom. Ari sidled inside, unsurprised to see everything neat and tidy. His place was a like a soldier's barracks.

"What's realy going on?" Jai asked gruffly, but Ari could see in his eyes he was concerned for his friend.

Flopping down onto Jai's bed, Trey looked between them, his smile false, his usualy bright eyes dim. "My dad caught me with a guy."

Silence fel over the room and Ari's chest ached with for him. Trey was bi-sexual, something he'd never told anyone in the tribe about except Jai. His father, Rik, was openly homophobic and Trey had not wanted to deal with the consequences of his father finding out the truth. He'd even lost a pretty serious relationship over it.

"Oh hel." Jai sighed and sat down beside his friend. "What happened?"

"My dad went nuts. Tried to hit me... that didn't work. I gave his ass a smackdown. Then he went to Luca and asked him to throw me out of the Bitar Tribe."

Jai's head jerked up at the mention of his father, his eyes narrowing with prepared hatred. "Did he?"

"Nah." Trey shook his head and Ari watched Jai visibly relax. "I think your old man has always known. He said I could stay, but I don't want to be somewhere I'm not even wanted by my own family. And they're not realy my family." He grinned sheepishly, such a boyish look that Ari felt another pang of affection echo in her chest for him. "Thought I'd track down my real family and see if he needed help-say with a certain sorcerer wannabe."

Ari took a step forward. "You want to help with Charlie?"

Trey shrugged. "Michael says Jai is busy training you with his kid Falon. He says Charlie is being trained by some guy named Jack - that neither of you knows what's going on with his training."

"True," Jai murmured.

"Wel, I'm another pair of eyes. I'l keep an eye on them. Make sure everything is on the up and up."

Grateful, Ari slid in between the two of them and grabbed Trey's hand. "That would mean a lot."

He flashed her a wicked smile and raised their clasped hands to press a kiss to her knuckles.

"Yeah, none of that," Jai interrupted, sliding a hand around Ari's waist and puling her closer to him. Her mouth fel open in surprise.

"No way!" Trey burst out laughing. "Dude, did you finaly come to your senses?"

"Yeah, I did. So hands off."

Ari gazed at Jai, wide-eyed and a little annoyed that jealousy had made him share their secret. "We're teling people now?"

He made a face. "Trey's not people. He's not going to tel anyone."

"Ooh it's a secret." Trey bounced up off the bed, his eyes twinkling mischievously. "Very hot."

"You can't tel anyone." Ari pinned him to the wal with her gaze, hoping she was coming off a little bad-ass. By the way he kept grinning at her, she wasn't. "I mean it, Trey. Jai's life depends on it."

Intrigued, Trey raised an eyebrow at Jai.

He sighed beside her, his hand flexing on her hip. "She's got it in her head that anyone could use me to get to her."

Annoyed, Ari countered, "She is sitting right here."

"She's not wrong," Trey replied thoughtfuly. "They tried using Charlie, and he was just her friend."

"Again, right here."

"Yeah, but I'm not some stupid kid with a thirst for vengeance. I can take care of myself. She needs to stop worrying."

"I stil think she's right. Besides, no one realy needs to know right now."

"She needs some chocolate," Ari growled before puling away from Jai's embrace. She shot up off the bed, striding towards the door. "Before I smack one of you."

Trey's laughter filtered through the doorway just as she slammed it shut. Jai's voice rumbled through the wal, sounding lost. "What just happened?" Despite herself, his muffled question made her smile as she walked away.

12 - Chasing Dreams that are not My Own

Like al Jinn, Red was temperate. He did not feel the cold nor the heat.

However, it did not stop him from taking pleasure in the things that created them. The sun was this bal of warmth, the being in the sky that chased shadows from the face and glittered sunlight in the eyes. For centuries Red had watched humans raise their faces to the sky, eyes closed, as they basked in the peace only the warmth of the sun could bring.

But the sun could burn. It could blister the skin. It could dry out a river. Cause thirst. Famine. Death.

As for the moon, Red had always thought of it as this cold, hardened object that chased the sun, desperately trying to catch it, to understand what made it so different. To understand what made everything so different. And never, ever reaching the knowing.

But the moon was also light. Pure, white light. A beacon for the stars in the darkest of skies. A being of hope, of awe, and despite its thirst for knowledge, a being of patience.

When he was young and his mother was stil alive, Red had always thought of Lilif as the sun and Asmodeus as the moon. Now, as he stood before what was

essentialy his uncle (although he'd never thought of Asmodeus in those terms), Red wondered with an anxiousness that surprised and panicked him, why Ari had suddenly become the earth in their analogy. What was she to the twins that she would be dreaming of Lilif's memories, and Asmodeus would be so intrigued by her?

Why were they al orbiting one another?

"Are you just going to stare at me al day, or are you here for a reason?" Asmodeus asked silkily, his eyes narrowed with affected boredom, his lips quirked in a sly smile. He sat in an armchair by the huge fireplace in his sitting room in Azazil's palace, the flames flickering shadows across his body, reminding Red of the human's modern depictions of the Devil.

"My father may think he has you at heel, but I'm not so convinced. You broke his protocol by coming to Ari in her room. What wil stop you from doing it again?"

"Why are you so protective of that little beauty? Seems to me you're taking Azazil's orders a little too much to heart."

"Why are you so interested in her?" Red countered, taking a step towards Asmodeus, deliberately vibrating magic energy so the Marid would know he wasn't

playing games.

Asmodeus smirked in response, not even moving. "She's a pawn everyone wants. Sometimes I like to take things other people want because it amuses me."

Something tightened in Red's chest at the thought of Ari in the Lieutenant's hands.

Over my dead body, the thought flashed through his mind and he stiled in surprise. Blinking the thought away, Red glared at Asmodeus. "Surely you wouldn't betray Azazil."

"Of course not," Asmodeus snapped, no longer so uncaring or indolent. He sneered at Red. "But that doesn't mean I can't have a little fun with her. She realy is rather delicious you know."

Trying his hardest to ignore him, Red sighed. "I saw something between you that was more than misplaced lust... She affected you. Why?"

Slowly, Asmodeus sat up in his chair, carefuly lowering one foot after the other to the ground before rising just as slowly to his massive height. With a blank expression, he sauntered casualy towards Red until he was standing inches before him. He cocked his head to the side, his dark gaze bored and yet somehow

searching. Red didn't even flinch. He didn't intimidate that easily, even if the Marid did have a thousand or so centuries on him.

"Why are you so interested in what my interest in Ari is, hmm? Does Azazil know you're here, interrogating his most loyal servant?"

"I think you're up to something. I think there is a connection between you and Ari I am missing. And I think that connection puts her in danger. Last I checked, my father wanted me to keep her alive. By any means. Including interrogating his most loyal servant who seems to have an unhealthy interest in her."

Asmodeus grinned wickedly at that. "There you have it, Red. I have an unhealthy interest in her... I haven't seen such unusual beauty in a while and I was thinking when Azazil's done with her - that is if she's stil alive - I would add her to my harem. She'd be my favorite. I can tel."

Unbridled anger ripped through Red but centuries of soldiering and spying had trained him to let that anger tear his insides apart, rather than ever let it show. Instead he feigned a smirk and a nod that suggested he thought Asmodeus was funny. "Then I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Asmodeus."

"Not at al. Your visit has been most enlightening."

Trying not to flinch at Asmodeus' suggestion that he'd given too much of himself away, Red dipped him another nod and stepped into the Peripatos. Almost immediately he found himself at his destination-the State of Nusrah, the land in Mount Qaf where his brother The Shadow King reigned over whenever he wasn't playing servant to White. Despite his name, shadows were found and burned out in Shadow's smal palace, with its high cathedral-like windows and heavy chandeliers dripping from every ceiling. Shadow was dining in the grand room with what was more than likely his wealthy neighbors... probably merchants and land owners. They al gaped at Red before bowing their heads in deference to him. Shadow curled his lip in annoyance at the sight of him, but stood up from the table. Everyone around it immediately stood too and Shadow flicked an unadorned hand at them to be seated.

Striding towards him, Shadow's long black hair blew back behind him, revealing the large jet stones he wore in his ears. It was the only jewelry he ever wore-they were given to him by Lilif. The blood red silk of his robes shimmered in the light as he approached, the only splash of color in the entire room.

"What do you want, brother?" he asked quietly, his dark eyes narrowing in dislike. "You're interrupting our meal."

"Speak with me in private." Red turned on his heel, not waiting for a reply. He smiled knowingly as footsteps echoed behind him as he made his way through the cold white stone-washed halways and into an equaly cold sitting room. Mahogany wood was a stark contrast to al the white - white wals, white sofa, white

armchairs. White, white, white. Red roled his eyes. He got it, already. Shadow was only a name. His brother was so obvious. Like a third grader's poetry reading.

"Wel, speak," Shadow snapped, trying to regain the upper hand.

Red shot him a look of boredom that he knew would irk his brother to no end. "I'm here about the Seal."

"I thought you were protecting it for father?"

"It is a she," Red replied calmly, although he felt anything but. "When it was an it... who was there? When father first bestowed it upon Solomon? Who else was there?"

"Why ask me? You were there."

Trying to stifle his frustration, Red blew out a breath. "No, brother, I was not there. That bodes wel for an answer... you cannot even remember my absence."

Shadow scowled at his condescension. "Where were you then?"

"I was aiding the Assyrian Adad-Nirari II into his new empire. I think we were warring against Babylonia at the time. I missed the whole Seal of Solomon deal because of it," Red hissed in frustration, wishing he hadn't done such a damn fine job in leading that war. If he'd alowed the Jinn Ramshi-who was aiding the many other states in their plight against Assyria-to win, he may have been among his family to watch those historic and most important events unfold.

"Aah." Shadow smirked. "Wel, I wasn't privy to any more than White. As soon as father produced that damn Seal, White was after it. Maybe you should be

directing these questions at him."

"I think we both know what a fruitless venture that would be."

"I think, perhaps, you're stuck then. I wou-"

Moving through the air like the wind itself, Red had Shadow clutched around the throat and pinned to the door behind him before Shadow had even finished the sentence. He grabbed at Red's hand, managing to stop him from squeezing the oxygen out of him but not managing to get him off of him. Their power canceled one another out.

"Tel me who else was there," Red demanded in a low, dangerous voice.

Shadow nodded slowly and Red relented, letting him go very carefuly, warily. Shadow shrugged his robes out, glaring at Red. "No need for violence, brother. There was one other who might know something."

"If you say Asmodeus I might just kil you."

Shadow smirked. "Not quite. No. He was a favorite of father's at the time. I believe his name was Kadeen."

Recognition dawned immediately and memories played out before him. Kadeen had been one of Azazil's confidants for centuries. He was one of the oldest Marids in their world. But... Red scowled. "Kadeen went into reclusion centuries ago."

"Oh so he did." Shadow smiled, enjoying Red's growing frustration. "Weary of the royal ways no doubt. You have your answer then, brother. Perhaps he'l be of help- if you find him."

"I take it you do not know of his whereabouts."

"No. Not realy. Are you going to tel me what this is al about?"

Red sneered at a brother he'd never realy had much respect for. For many reasons. "I wouldn't want to drag you into this and out of your comfortable position of doing nothing."

Glowering at him like a petulant child, Shadow sniffed. "White hasn't asked for my help. I've heard nothing from him since I told him I knew about Ari. He told me to sit and wait. What else am I supposed to do?"

Readying himself to step back into the Peripatos Red shrugged uncaringly. "Why not for once, stop acting like a lapdog, and act like a king in your own right."

13 - I Will Use Your Love as a Mold to Make a Dagger

She felt desperate. Time was running out and she needed to do this. Lilif curled her hand tighter around the lesser Jinn. He was only a young man.

Handsome, intelligent, charming. There was something special about him, something that drew people to him. Tamir. Beautiful Tamir. And her son, The

Glass King's lover. He stood stiff against her, knowing she could eviscerate him in seconds if she so wished it. That it had come to this- having to snuff out the children she loved most. And Glass, he had always been her very favorite with his deep blue hair that matched the depth of his loyalty and strength. Lilif cried her tears inwardly as she pushed Tamir through the double doors, surprising her son who spun around, his long hair startling in the candlelight, to match his startled expression.

His eyes narrowed as he took in her cloud dark face and grip on Tamir. "Mother, what is going on?" He took a tentative step towards them, his jaw tight

with tension as his eyes clashed with Tamir's. Glass had never loved anyone the way he loved Tamir. A wisp of jealousy blew across Lilif's heart.

"I bring your love as collateral, my darling."

"Then Red's suspicions are true. You seek to kill us, to destroy the balance by destroying your own sons," Glass whispered hoarsely, despair in his eyes turning to disgust. That only made her pinch Tamir harder with her magic and he let out a grunt. Glass lunged at them with a guttural cry and Lilif moved like the wind until she had Tamir on the opposite side of the room.

She smiled sweetly at her son, hiding her pain. "I have to change everything. So much has been lost under this rule, I need something... new. I hurt for a new life for the Jinn."

"You've lived too long, Mother. That is your only ailment."

Her smile turned to a malicious glower and she reached for Tamir's chin, tilting his handsome face up to hers so she could study it. He refused to meet her eyes, his fists clenched in fury at his own helplessness. "He is beautiful, my son. I can see why he has you so enthralled." Her fingers bit into his skin, drawing blood, making him flinch. "I will end his life if you do not give your essence to me willingly."

"You've gone insane," Glass spat but she could hear desperation in his words.

Her eyes glittered now as she turned back to him. "I have to do this. Please forgive me for seeking you first, my love, but I fear this will be the hardest of all... destroying my Glass. My beautiful Glass. I must do it first. It must be over with first."

"Mother, please..."

"I cannot be reasoned with. Just give me your essence and I will see Tamir free. I will make sure that no harm comes to him. I will try to save him when The After comes for us."

As someone who needed to be loved most by everyone, Lilif watched with pained envy as Glass shifted his gaze to Tamir. A deep love for the lesser Jinn

lived with Glass for all to see, and Lilif could see the moment Tamir realized what the depth of that love meant. He started struggling in Lilif's arms. "No, Glass, no!" he yelled. "What is my life without you? Do not do this! I am not worth the consequences!"

"You are worth everything," Glass whispered hoarsely. He turned to his mother, seeming numb, but relenting. "If you let him go I will leave with you."

The closest Lilif had ever come to loving anyone that much was her love for her twin, Asmodeus. She believed she would do anything for him... but to die

for him? Was she capable of such love? A bitter inability to understand her son twisted Lilif's mouth into a sneer. "My dear son, when you love, you love so deeply. If I had not used it against you, your father or brothers certainly would have eventually."

"Not this brother," Red growled furiously as he stormed into the room, the air around him crackling dangerously. In sync, as the two brothers had always been, Red and Glass turned to her and Lilif felt the steel grip of their combined power binding her body. She cried out in rage as Tamir stumbled away from her. "You will not have him," Red proclaimed. Hurt and anger were just two of the myriad of emotions in his unearthly blue eyes.

This one, Lilif thought hatefully, chipping away at the binding slowly but surely, this one had always been far too easily manipulated by Azazil. "You

fool," Lilif spat at him, "Loyalty is not a currency you can afford to use."

Red curled a lip at her in distaste. "Then I shall always be a pauper for a king, mother."

Impotent anger made her power react faster against theirs and Red and Glass struggled to hold her. But still the fear that she might not be able to win

against the two of them filled her. With a shriek of fury, she broke their binding and lunged at Tamir. The crack of his neck breaking - the sound of the end of his life - echoed around the room. Glass' deep cry of pain followed in its wake.

Lilif stepped back into the Peripatos before Glass could take his revenge.

... "Ari, come on, wake up," a deep voice rumbled in her ear. She nuzzled deeper into the soft pilow, hunching her shoulder so it rubbed her ear where his breath had tickled. "Michael wants to see you in his office."

Ari groaned and flipped over, her eyes narrowed on Jai's face. He was braced over her, his hands on either side of her head. His gorgeous shaven face and bright eyes hovered inches above her. "You woke me from a dream. I think I was actualy Lilif in this one."

Jai's eyebrows drew together. "What was it about?"

"It was her memory of trying to kil Glass. Taking his essence," she mumbled, stil a little sleepily. A sadness echoed in her chest for the Jinn King she had never met.

He was just as extraordinary as Red, with his long cerulean blue hair and matching eyes. If her dreams were true memories, Lilif had kiled the man Glass loved. "She kiled his lover when Red and Glass wouldn't let her take his essence."

"Sounds like something The White King might do."

"Hmm," Ari agreed, trying to forget she was related to these spiteful beings. "Not that it's not nice waking up to you, but why the early wake-up cal?"

He smiled grimly down at her as he puled away to sit up on the bed. "Michael wants to see you in his office."

Her heart did a little skip as the words finaly woke her up. If Michael wanted to see her that might mean she was ready for assignments. With a little huff of energy, Ari pushed the bed covers off and slipped past Jai, practicaly running into the adjoining bathroom. She quickly cleaned up and brushed her teeth, laughing with a mouthful of toothpaste as the door to the bathroom opened just enough for Jai to throw in a t-shirt, jeans and some clean underwear. She tried not to think about him going through her underwear drawer. It wasn't like he hadn't seen her out of it. Sort of. Yeling a garbled thank you, Ari spat, and then rushed into her clothes, taking a second to pul her long hair into a ponytail.

When she came out of the bathroom, Jai was standing by the window with that brooding look on his face-that look that always got to her. The early morning sun lit up his eyes, making them glitter like crystal green lake water. His eyebrows were dipped into a little frown and his lower lip pouted a little. Rich dark hair was beginning to grow in on top of his head, and Ari couldn't decide what suited him better... the close-shaven look or this boyish ruggedness. Her heart felt ful as she watched him, blown away by how every nerve in her body seemed to zing with life in his presence. How her chest just ached with too much feeling.

Sensing her study, Jai turned his head to look at her, the smal diamond in his ear winking in the sunlight. "You okay?"

No, she was thoroughly distracted. "Does Michael realy need me this second?" she asked softly, walking slowly towards him.

He reached out an arm as she drew closer, sliding it around her waist and drawing her up against his chest. She felt his bicep flex against her, felt the strength of his chest under her fingertips and gave thanks to whoever was listening for giving her Jai. Being with him was the only time she ever felt safe. The only time she ever forgot who she realy was and what that meant.

Trailing her fingertips up his chest, along and up his neck to his jaw, Ari shivered at Jai's tiny exhalation of pleasure at her touch. Lifting her gaze as she stroked her fingers along his cheek, she gazed into his eyes and felt wonder. Ari had read about moments like these, when you were so lost in someone else the room around you just disappeared. It was true. Everything in her peripheral grew fuzzy and unreal. Michael's summons blew away on a breeze.

Together they reached for a kiss.

"What are you doing to me?" Jai whispered across her lips, not waiting for an answer before reaching for a kiss. Their mouths brushed against one another's; soft, tingling expressions of torture. And just as Ari was about to give into her impatience, Jai beat her to it, his hands cupping her face closer as he deepened the kiss, his tongue touching hers and sending chils of pleasure rushing through her. He tasted like toothpaste again, or she did, Ari couldn't tel. It didn't matter. He just tasted divine. Wanting him closer, Ari slid her arms around his back, puling at his t-shirt so her hands could slip under it. His skin felt silky and hard, her fingers tickling his lower back. Jai groaned and tightened his grip on her nape, his kisses so long and deep now, Ari was gasping for breath.

If Jinn weren't supposed to feel the heat, how come she felt like they were both on fire?

As abruptly as the kiss had deepened, Jai pushed her away until she stumbled back from him.

Their panting filed the silence of the room and Ari stared at him wide-eyed, her lips swolen. "You stopped. Again."

He nodded, and then shook his head, smiling ruefuly. "I think Michael has a job for you. We better go see him."

Nervous excitement flooded her stomach and Ari couldn't tel if it was from what had been happening or what was about to happen. "That's good, right? That he has a job for me?"

Her guardian/boyfriend immediately went back to brooding mode. "Hmm."

Ahh, he was feeling a little overprotective this morning. Warmed by the thought, Ari reached up to give him a quick peck on the lips. She grinned. "I'l be fine."

He studied her for a moment, and she wondered what was realy going on behind those beautiful eyes of his. "I know," he replied finaly.

Not sure if he meant it, Ari sighed and started towards the door. A sharp tug on her wrist brought a gasp to her lips, a gasp that was almost immediately swalowed in Jai's mouth as he puled her back into his arms. His kiss was rougher, harder, more desperate-his hands scalding against her waist as he pressed her as close to him as he could get her. Feeling a need to reassure him, although she wasn't sure why, Ari wrapped her arms around his neck and sank into his kiss, matching him rather than trying to gentle him. Her weight pushed him back against the wal and he groaned into her mouth. That would never cease to be hot, Ari shivered. Her shiver set him off again, his hands sliding down the back of her thighs. His grip turned hard and Ari let out another surprised gasp as he lifted her up, easing her legs around his waist in the same motion as he turned so her back was against the wal. His mouth trailed hot kisses down her neck and Ari let her head fal back, her thoughts muddled, her synapses fried. There was only him and the feel of his strong hands under her shirt, reaching for the clasp on her bra.

A loud crash behind them stiled Jai's hands and he growled in frustration, dropping his head against her chest. "Let me guess..." he whispered hoarsely.

Ari stroked his hair, her fingers trembling from the adrenaline that was shooting around her body. She eyed the smashed lampshade and pile of books that had been on her bedside table, but now lay littered on the floor. The hum of Ms. Maggie's energy broke through the lust haze. "...Ms. Maggie," she finished for him softly.

Overprotective Ms. Maggie. Ari was beginning to think the Ifrit had been a nun in another life.

His body now tense, Jai eased away from her and Ari slowly unhooked her legs from around his waist. Gently he helped lower her to the ground, his eyes narrowed as he tried to smooth her hair back into place. His fingers lingered on her cheek before caressing her skin down to her mouth. His thumb caught her bottom lip and his gaze darkened again. Another shiver rippled down Ari's spine. Shaking himself, Jai stepped back, slamming his hands into his jean pockets. "Just when I was starting to like the poltergeist."

Ari snorted and rubbed a comforting hand over his arm as she passed him. "I'l talk to her about the whole privacy thing," she promised.

He grunted at that, folowing her out of the door. "Maybe you could throw in an 'Oh by the way, who the hel are you?' while you're at it."

***

Falon was looking at her strangely, and Ari wondered for a second if maybe Jai hadn't fixed her hair right? Were her lips stil swolen? She smoothed back her hair and fixed her gaze on Michael who was sitting behind his desk, peering past his daughter who had her ass on it, blocking his view.

"Falon, sit on the chair." He gestured to the armchair wearily.

Spry in al her movements, Falon skipped off the desk and into the chair with an annoying smirk. Ari narrowed her eyes on her. Did she know? Feeling an inevitable flush at the thought, Ari deliberately kept her gaze off Jai.

"I've got an assignment," Michael got straight to the point.

Ari took an excited step forward, butterflies tickling the crap out of the nervous gremlins in her stomach. "Realy?" A real assignment. Hunting Jinn. Instead of them hunting her.

Awesome.

"Emmett Bradford High School in Midland, Connecticut." Michael pushed papers towards both Falon and her, and Ari reached for hers with an eagerness she

couldn't hide. She read over the report as Michael explained, "Last semester there was a taly of strange occurrences at the high school. Only a week into the new semester and already there's been an incident."

Ari scanned over the papers in front of her. Last week a student won the lottery. Didn't sound so crazy, except last semester four students went missing, three withdrew for unusual medical problems - a vag**a where a penis had previously been for sixteen years, for instance - and a young history teacher started an affair with a student and then she'd kiled him when he tried to break it off.

Ari handed the report to Jai and he scanned it quickly, his expression growing darker by the minute. He looked up at Michael, his eyes like steel. "You're thinking a Marid is out there granting wishes?"

Michael nodded. "We need to tag it so we can folow it, make sure we ruin its fun any time it hits a public center. I want Falon and Ari to pose as students and see if they can feel the Jinn energy." He flipped through his own copy of the report. "There have been two new students in the last six months and a new guidance teacher. To make things a little easier on us, the two students are both juniors. I've enroled you both at Emmett Bradford High." Michael nodded at Falon and then Ari. "You'l pose as juniors and your class schedule is divided so you each get to feel out the two new students. And as a bonus, as new students yourselves, you get a visit with the new guidance teacher."

Jai took a step forward before Ari could say anything about how stoked she was to be going on her first assignment. "If this is a Marid I should be in on this," Jai said with gritted teeth.

Ari blinked. She knew Marid's were badass, but surely together, she and Falon could handle it. Right? A gremlin in her stomach bit one of the butterflies.

Michael's return stare was thoughtful. Finaly he sighed. "Fine. You can be Ari's possessive older boyfriend who visits her at lunch."

A bloom of heat flooded Ari's cheeks as Falon laughed. Ari flicked a glance at Jai and noted he had tensed. "Can't you get me into the school?"

"No. You have a high energy vibe for a start, and everything about you screams Guardian Jinn. Visiting Ari at lunch means you can scope out the school covertly."

He turned to Ari as if he hadn't just driven way closer to the truth about her and Jai's relationship than he even knew. "You and Falon are step sisters. Marissa and Bela Ribisi."

Falon groaned, kicking up off the armchair. "Great. Not only do I have to go back to school - which sucked the first time by the way - but I'm also going to be subjected to sparkly vampire jokes al day."

Michael frowned. "I don't get it."

"You're not the only one," Jai murmured, staring at Falon quizzicaly.

"Don't worry about it, Sexy, it's a pop culture reference. You wouldn't get it."

"Falon," Michael sighed deeply, "Please stop caling Mr. Bitar inappropriate names."

"Inappropriately true." Falon winked at Jai and Ari felt a stupid burn of jealousy scald across her chest. Oh God. Who was being possessive now?

"So when do we start?" she interrupted, taking a step between Jai and Falon.

Handing her the class schedule, Michael replied with a searching gaze on her face, "Tomorrow. I want this done as soon as possible since your appearance wil most likely alert the Jinn we're looking for. There's hope he thinks you're both lesser living Jinn, but if he's powerful then he won't make that mistake, especialy if he feels the strength of your Jinn energy, Ari. I'm sending a team with you to watch your back."

If he was looking to see if she was about to puke up, he could forget it. Ari may be nervous as hel, and yeah okay, maybe not completely prepared, but she wanted to do this. She stil had flashbacks to how it had felt to be so numb and helpless under the Harmal Dali had given her.

Ari had no intention of ever feeling that helpless again.

Michael cleared his throat, looking uncomfortable al of a sudden. "I was also wondering if we could make use of your particular gift, Jai?"

Ari frowned as Jai tensed. What particular gift?

"On who?" Jai asked quietly.

Why did Michael look like he wanted to run for the door? "Wel, as I understand it, Ari already has the trace. It would be a nice precaution if Falon had it as wel.

That way if anything happens..."

"I can track her," Jai finished, nodding in understanding.

Ari understood now too and her stomach had just flipped on her. Michael wanted Jai to kiss Falon so he could trace her if she disappeared on the job. She felt that jealousy heat her cheeks as Falon, who also got it and didn't look too upset by it, took a step towards Jai.

"Now?" she asked casualy, glancing between her father and Jai.

An ugly, inky hand suddenly wrenched itself out of Ari's chest and choked her, its anger at the situation burning through her entire body, trying to buly her into taking a stand. Command them not to, it whispered to her as Jai slid Ari a surreptitious look, the tense line of his shoulders teling her he felt more than a little awkward.

Power crackled at Ari's fingertips as those words started to make sense. She didn't want Jai kissing other girls. She should command him not to. It was her right. He belonged to her. His lips belonged only to her. Her eyes flipped to Falon and she started to think it might be a better decision to command Falon to stop breathing.

She'll hold her breath and die, and that way you'll never have to worry about this. Shock and horror managed to bury its way out from under those thoughts and Ari held in a gasp of terror. She had to get out of this room. Now.

The Seal. It was its first appearance in weeks. She'd begun to hope that, that meant she had some control over it now. Obviously, she was wrong.

Ari started to tremble with fear as she mentaly pushed that inky, black hand and its wicked thoughts back down inside her chest, until it curled up into an aching fist.

It didn't disappear entirely. But at least it had shut up. But Ari knew she couldn't watch Jai kiss Falon. She knew it was just a stupid little kiss, but the idiot had to use tongue and Ari didn't want to see that. If only because the Seal might wake up again.

"I'l just step outside."

"Me too," Michael said hurriedly and folowed her out of the room.

Thankfuly, Jai and Falon stepped out only seconds later but Ari couldn't look at either one of them. Her boyfriend's tongue had just been in someone else's mouth.

And she'd almost kiled that someone because of it.

"I'm going to let Charlie know we're leaving. You want to say goodbye to Trey?" Falon asked, her eyes wide and searching as she directed her question to Ari.

Ari nodded, stil not realy able to meet her eyes after the horrible thoughts the Seal had seeped into her mind. "Yeah, of course."

As she moved to folow Falon, she felt Jai fal into step beside her, his fingers brushing deliberately against hers.

Do you know how much I hate doing that? His voice penetrated her terrified thoughts.

What? Kissing pretty girls? she answered absentmindedly. Should she tel Jai? No. No he'd just worry. She'd fought the Seal off. She'd just need to keep doing that.

Having to kiss girls whether I want to or not. I've always tried to shrug it off as part of the job. Up until now I've been able to do that. I don't like

doing that to you.

It's just part of your job, Jai. I get it. You did it to me too.

Then why can't you look at me?

Ari sighed as they stepped out of the house, folowing quietly in Falon's wake as she headed down the sidewalk towards Jack's house. She had to lie. She couldn't tel him the truth. Because, you'll see my irrational jealousy burning in my eyes and think I'm psychotic.

His soft chuckle echoed around in her head and she smiled at the wonderful sound. Ari, I'd feel the same way. If it had been you and some other guy.

Taking a deep breath, Ari forced a smile into her eyes and finaly looked up at him reassuringly. I know. We're cool.

I want to kiss you.

She grinned, feeling a little better. Soon.

14 - Sometimes Switching on the Light Only Brings the Nightmare to Life

It had come to this. Forced into another's bidding in order to get what he wanted. Rabir, his most loyal servant, gazed at him blankly. There was no judgment, no acceptance. Just as it should be. But White was judging himself. It had been weeks. Weeks of drawing up new plans to coerce Ari onto Mount Qaf, to stand by his side and help him take what he needed. But every plan ended up with someone innocent getting hurt or him coming off as untrustworthy. Damn his daughter and her morals.

Honor, White understood. But morals?

So he was doing the one thing Ari had asked of him as a sign of faith.

With a sigh of regret that Sala's punishment should be over so soon, White let his magic around the purple vase in his bedroom die a silent death. When she didn't immediately appear, he fisted a hand over the opening of the bottle and puled. The smoke poured from the bottle and into a silhouette beside it. Slowly it evaporated, leaving a weakened Ifrit swaying before him.

Ice flooded White's veins as her pale blue eyes begged him for mercy.

Blue eyes.

Not the eyes of a changing color.

Not the face of a great beauty either.

Not Sala!

The ice crystalized into rage, and with that fury he sent an impulsive blast of energy into this stranger, this Ifrit who had replaced his prisoner. Her eyes roled back in her head, blood trickling from her nose and ears. Her slim body hardly made an impact as it hit the floor.

The taste of Sala's essence was fading now that the bottle had been opened. Fading... as it returned to her, wherever she was.

How had she done it? How had Sala escaped him?

"Master?" Even Rabir was wide-eyed.

Retribution hardened White's features as he turned to his servant with one name. "Ari."

"I've heard word from my contact in the Braemar Guild," Jack said as soon as Charlie stroled into the large extension on the back of his house that he'd turned into a school of sorts for Charlie.

Only seconds ago, Charlie had been feeling tired and foggy. Now his heart was racing, his adrenaline pumping. Jack had been searching for The Guild that might have been tagging the Labartu that had kiled Mikey. It took him a few weeks to find any trace of Guild activity in and around Sandford Ridge at the time of Mikey's death. He'd finaly found out that the Braemar Guild had been in Ohio, and after speaking with their leader, had discovered that they were in fact chasing the Labartu who had kiled Mikey. Her name was Akasha, and she was a particularly old, evil bitch from hel. To Charlie's disappointment, the Braemar Guild had lost track of Akasha seven months ago, and were in the middle of trying to retrace her whereabouts. For a bonus the Braemar Guild would let Jack know where Akasha was when they found her.

Was this it then? Charlie's gut churned at the idea of it al being over. It was strange. What would he do once he had his vengeance? What purpose would he have then? That was if he managed to kil Akasha and escape trial.

Jack shook his head. "The last lead was false. I promised them extra if they'd put more men on it."

"Jack, you didn't have to do that."

Jack shook him off. "It's nothing."

As Charlie opened his mouth to protest, Trey sauntered in with a wide smile on his face. "Morning, al."

Charlie nodded helo, frowning as Jack glared at Trey. Ever since his arrival a week ago, Trey had dogged his and Jack's steps. He'd spent nearly every minute in this room with them as Jack educated Charlie on the use of magic through talismans, precious stones and metals. Used to more physical activity than what he was getting, Trey cracked inappropriate jokes al the time until Jack finaly gave in and let Trey take over, teaching Charlie physical defense. Although Charlie liked Trey, he got the distinct feeling he rubbed Jack the wrong way.

"Great. It's returned," Jack murmured, turning his back on them to open a cabinet. He began puling out the crystals he'd promised to show Charlie yesterday.

"Look, you need to stop with al the love," Trey replied dryly. "I told you, I'm not going anywhere so get used to. Withhold the excitement."

Jack raised an unimpressed eyebrow at him. "You don't trust me with Charlie."

"Oh, I think not," Trey answered, his steel grey eyes alight with suspicion. "I think you're both hiding something."

Trying not to shift uncomfortably, Charlie walked over to join Jack for his lesson on crystals. "What could we be hiding? You've been with us every day."

"Yeah, which is why I know you go al quiet when I step in to the room." Trey smiled at Jack, but it was a little menacing. "I'm warning you, if you're helping him do something he shouldn't, I wil hurt you."

Sighing, Jack shot him a weary look. "I think you already gave me that memo. To the lesson... please."

Trey held up his hands, as if to say he was backing off, and stood to the side quietly as Jack began explaining the healing properties behind the white crystal.

Trey smashed a porcelain bowl he'd been fiddling with an hour later and received another scathing look from Jack. That is until Trey apologized with so much charm he even drew a reluctant smile from Jack. That had surprised them both. None more so than Trey who'd been delighted. Charlie got the feeling Trey was convinced he could make anyone like him.

He probably could.

The sound of the front door opening and shutting halted Jack in his tracks and they waited patiently as footsteps echoed through the house, getting louder as they neared the messy extension. Finaly Jai, Ari and Falon appeared in the doorway. For a moment, Charlie's wistful gaze lingered on Ari. He hadn't seen much of her these last few weeks. Her strange eyes were glittering with life and her whole being seemed to pulsate with vibrant energy. She looked locked inside her own thoughts.

Frowning, Charlie caught sight of Jai's brooding face and wondered what was going on. Jai brooded when he was happy and when he was irritated so Charlie knew he wouldn't get any answers from that direction. Instead, he glanced over at Falon, catching her eye. She looked juiced up too. He gave her an affectionate smirk, his eyes asking what the hel was going on.

"We thought we'd stop by and say goodbye," Ari said slowly, looking from Charlie to Trey. "Falon and I have an assignment in Connecticut. Jai's coming with us."

"You need any help?" Charlie and Trey offered in unison, taking a step towards the threesome in the doorway.

Jack grunted, raising a sardonic eyebrow. "I feel so loved."

Charlie's chuckle was caught short when he saw the quizzical look Falon shot Jack. She tilted her head, her gaze searching and Jack frowned at her until she snapped her gaze away.

"You okay?" Charlie asked her, glancing back at Jack.

She nodded carefuly, and then seeming to shrug whatever weirdness had come over her off, Falon stood on her tiptoes, giving him a brief kiss on the lips. He returned it, although his whole body felt tense as the awkwardness of the situation burned through him. He shot Ari a look but she was busy giving Trey a hug goodbye and explaining that their assignment was at a high school in Connecticut and they shouldn't be gone long. Falon had told him that Ari knew about the casual relationship they had going on. She even said Ari was cool about it al; to be honest, that kind of pissed Charlie off, considering he stil bristled any time Jai stood too close to Ari.

Like now for instance.

"We're going with a team," Ari assured them, her fingers brushing against Jai's as she moved.

As Charlie glared at her guardian, Trey was clapping Jai on the back. "Cal me if you need me."

"Wil do," Jai replied gruffly.

"You know I think he's straight." Jack cut a mocking look at Trey, eyeing how close he was standing to Jai. "Wrong tree you're barking up."

Surprise - more like shock - shot through Charlie at Jack's uncharacteristic commentary. As he looked around he saw they were al a little surprised. His tone. The way he said it... it sounded like... no. Charlie shook his head. Never mind.

Trey was the only one who just laughed. "Don't worry, Jack. I know what trees to bark at."

Something was going on with Jack and Trey, and Ari wanted to know what. There was a definite vibe there, she mused. Her earlier scare over the Seal had dissipated as her worry turned to Charlie. Had Trey discovered something? Was Jack helping Charlie do something he shouldn't?

Just as she opened her mouth to bluntly ask what was going on, fire erupted into the room in an explosion of aggressive color and noise. The White King strode out of the flames, his dark gaze narrowed on Ari.

"What have you done?" he growled, striding slowly towards her with violent intent. "How did you release her?" A bolt of his magic missed Ari by a hairsbreadth.

Before Ari could form a thought or make a move Jai's hand came at her, pushing her out of the way with enough force to send her flying to the ground. She landed on her ass with a painful wince, splinters from Jack's rough hardwood floor biting into her hands as she gazed up at Jai who had thrown back his arm as if he were pitching a basebal. A huge bal of ember glowed above his palm and he pitched it with a fierce growl at White. Taken by surprise, Jai's magic hit White and he stumbled back, wincing as the ember shimmered into him, seeming to freeze him in place for a second. It was enough time for Jai to rush him, both hands pushed out towards him, his energy pulsating out in an invisible battering ram that lifted White off his feet and sent him careening into one of Jack's glass cabinets.

"Get out!" Jai turned to them al, ushering Falon and Charlie from the room, Trey striding behind them, his eyes pinned to White until they were out.

Ari stumbled to her feet as White picked shards of glass out of his chest and hands, blood staining his silk white robes.

"Ari, get out of here." Jai grabbed a hold of her arms in a painful grip, shaking her towards the exit. He shot a look at Jack who was standing with his legs braced, staring balefuly at White. "You too, Jack!"

The door slammed shut as White stood to his feet, brushing at glittering pieces of glass. He cocked his head at Jai, who shoved Ari behind him. "No one else is going anywhere. First, you," he pointed at Jai, "Are going to die. And then Ari is going to be painfuly tortured until she tels me where Sala is and how on Mount Qaf she managed to free the bitch?"

What? Ari gasped, and tried to push Jai out of the way but he wouldn't budge. "What are you talking about?" she asked, stil shoving at Jai until he grasped her wrist, sending a burn of his magic through her. It froze her and she gaped at him in horror.

To stop you from doing anything stupid, he telepathed apologeticaly.

"So you are going to deny it?" White asked quietly, his soft words just a puttering hiss of a volcano about to erupt. "You deny stealing into my palace and freeing Sala from the bottle? You deny placing her essence inside as a stopper to mask the taste of the Ifrit you replaced her with so that I would be fooled into thinking it was Sala stil inside?"

Yelow, reds and wondrous golds flickered into the air near Jack who was stil standing quietly watching. Out of the flames stepped The Red King and if Ari could have sagged in relief, she would have.

"Of course Ari would deny it, brother," he answered as if he'd been standing there al along. He took a step towards The White King, his own expression just as blank. "She had nothing to do with it. Glass and I replaced Sala years ago."

This time, White could not mask his fury. "You did what?"

Red smirked at him. It was cold. It made Ari shiver and she realized Jai's magic had worn off. She pinched him in retaliation and took a step forward. Jai grabbed her hand, not using his magic against her, but himself. His fingers intertwined with hers and he practicaly suffocated her in to his side as they watched and listened.

"Did you realy think I would let you keep Sala locked in a bottle?"

White shook his head slowly, as if in disbelief. "You believe that an Ifrit with the gifts of a Lilif can love, Red? That she loved you? You fool. You fool who would take what was mine."

"She wasn't yours," Red argued smoothly.

"She was in my harem. She was my servant."

"Yes, wel, let's just say she wasn't satisfied."

Narrowing his eyes, White cocked his head. "How did you do it?"

"It took both myself and Glass to penetrate your palace without your knowledge. We found a an Ifrit with a similar energy to Sala's. We freed Sala with our

combined power and she let us take a tiny piece of her essence. We plugged the bottle with the essence so that when you freed the girl - the nobody - Sala's essence would return to her."

Ari gaped in disbelief. Her mother was free. She was out there somewhere. And Red had freed her. And hadn't told her. What the hel was going on?

"I wil find her," White assured them. "I wil kil her." And then he flicked a glance at Ari and Jai. "I wil not retaliate against your attack, Ginnaye, since I was wrong in attacking Ari. But I wil not let another slight like that go again. Do you understand?"

"You'l never find, Sala," Red whispered as if White hadn't said anything. "You'l never find her. I won't let that happen."

Something flickered in White's eyes and then he smiled, a congenial flash of teeth that sent shivers of unease rippling down Ari's spine. "Ari, did you know that Red is the one who sent the Marid to Charlie? He's the reason Charlie is a sorcerer."

With that, White stepped back into the Peripatos, leaving stunned silence in his wake.

Ari felt Jai's eyes on her face, felt her throat close up at White's announcement. She gaped at Red, at her uncle whom she had come to trust and she shook her head, pleading silently. "Tel me he's lying." He could not have betrayed her like that. He could not have plotted to destroy her best friend's life.

Her uncle's features smoothed into a blank expression but she thought she detected a flicker of emotion in them before he got a handle on it. What was it this time?

Shock that he had been discovered for his treachery?

"Tel me he's lying!" Ari cried, her uncle's silence triggering the dark fist in her chest. It flexed its fingers and began to uncoil. Her blood was boiling and... whispers, wicked whispers snaked through her veins and crawled up towards her ears. Whispers of destruction. Of command.

"He's not," Red finaly answered and then he looked at Jack. To Ari's utter bewilderment, Jack frowned.

"You are sure?" Jack asked.

"She knows too much already."

"Father wil be displeased."

"Then he wil be displeased."

"What...?" Jai whispered, as confused as Ari. But with Ari's confusion was the growing darkness within her, darkness only abated by the strength of Ari's own

curiosity.

The air around Jack shimmered. His rugged face bloated and then sunk inwards, before bulging outwards again, and then snapping back in with horrible popping noises that made Ari steady herself against Jai. Jack's dark hair began to grow at an alarming rate, the color shifting, until a mane of glorious bright blue hair hung down to his waist. His shoulders widened, his body stretched a few inches taler, and his check shirt and jeans disappeared to be replaced by a leather vest and trousers.

Thick wrists were encased in leather cuffs, biker boots replaced hiking boots. And Jack's face... it was gone. Replaced by masculine beauty so breathtaking Ari could only gape in awe.

"Ari..." Red appeared lost for words. "This is my brother and your uncle... The Glass King."

"What the hel?" Charlie's voice ripped through the room and they al turned to see Charlie, Falon and Trey standing in the doorway, gaping in confusion. Michael stood in front of them as if he'd come to help fight The White King. He probably had, no matter how useless the effort would have been. The Guild were amazingly respectful of their leader because he was a true half-blood Jinn, and very strong for a Guild Hunter; stil not strong enough to defeat a Jinn King.

"Charlie?" Ari whispered hoarsely, her body trembling now as the Seal's whispers grew louder in her ears. "Is it true? Did Red send the Marid to grant your wish?"

Eyes wide, Charlie glanced over at Red first before answering her and that just pissed the Seal off even more. "Yeah," he told her softly.

Darkness clogged Ari's insides and she felt like cowering into herself and slamming her hands over her ears to stop the whispering. But the Seal's hands and arms and legs were pushing into hers and forcing her to stand strong.

"Ari," Red continued. "I replaced Jack with Glass to monitor Charlie, to educate him so that he would have a fighting chance, but also to help him find the Labartu."

"I'm thankful to him, Ari," Charlie admitted.

Command The Red King to his knees for what he's done. Command Charlie to stop chasing vengeance. Command them all! They're all yours to

command! It'll keep them safe. It'll keep them all safe.

"Stop," Ari whispered.

"What happened to Jack, Your Highness?" Michael Roe asked, his strong voice cutting through a fragile atmosphere created by whispered admissions and reluctant betrayals.

"He is dead," Red answered unapologeticaly.

Bastards! The whispers turned to roars in Ari's head. How dare they take whatever they want? Including innocent lives!

"This is a war," Glass' deep, smooth voice filed the room for the first time. "Jack was a casualty of war."

Trey took a step in front of Michael, seeming uncaring that he was facing up to a Jinn King. "Jack was a casualty of you."

"You learn I'm a Jinn King and yet you stil speak to me without respect?" Glass narrowed his eyes on Trey.

"Do something to earn it."

Ari was barely aware of Glass' mysterious smile. Her brain was too ful, too ful of everything. Her own thoughts pushed and pushed their way through the fuzz, trying to at least take control of that, even if the Seal had gained control over her body. "And my mother?" she asked, dazed, not realy able to make eye contact with anyone. "Sala? Where is she?"

A hum of energy caught her attention as it danced closer to her left side. Ari turned her head to stare at the space, confusion making her feel sick and

discombobulated, like she'd just gotten off a rolercoaster too fast. "Ms. Maggie?" she whispered.

And there... where she felt the Ifrit's energy, the air shimmered until a figure began to etch itself into being right in front of their very eyes. Mouth open in shock, Ari looked upon a beautiful woman with long, rich, dark hair like her own and eyes... like her own... but they were older... they were eyes of a thousand nights, eyes that had made love to every spectrum of color this realm and the others had to offer.

"Sala," Red growled as he strode across the room towards them. "You shouldn't be here. White could come back."

Ignoring Red, Sala stepped towards Ari, her eyes brimming with tears as she reached up to touch her daughter's face. "I wil explain everything as soon as I can, but Red is right. I have to leave. In order to protect you I have to leave. But know... that I wil always be watching over you." Her slender but surprisingly strong arms tugged Ari into a hug and she melted against her in shock, a little of the darkness easing back down. Sala smeled of wildflowers and honey. "I love you my darling girl. I have always loved you." She let go of Ari just as quickly as she'd grabbed her and with a sad smile, she disappeared into the Peripatos.

"Ari." Red was suddenly in front of her, and everyone was murmuring in surprise and shock, asking questions and causing the darkness that Sala had culed, to grow and stretch out within her. She'd just met her mother. Her real mother. And she said she loved her. "Ari," Red repeated. "Sala has nothing to do with my father or the War. Al she cares about is protecting you. We managed to release her just before your sixteenth birthday. She left to be with you and has watched over you since.

When White finaly discovered your whereabouts and used Rabir to bring you to Mount Qaf through a wish to see your mother, the wish was keeping you in your house with Ms. Maggie. I only managed to redirect the wish in time, or my brother would have known that Sala was gone. And now he does. She's in great danger."

Ari was barely listening. She could feel Jai's hand on her shoulder, but the Seal wouldn't let her feel it. She wanted to lash out. She could envision blasting them al to hel for their lies and their betrayals. Blood red wals. Dripping bloodied wals. Something laughed in delight within her.

No! Ari gasped for air and shrugged away from Jai, stumbling back from Red as she fought to think, her words careful not to command as they fel from her numb lips. "I think... I think you better step back. I think you better leave... before I do something I'l regret."

"Dammit," she heard Red whisper hoarsely. "The Seal has her in its grip."

"What wil I do?" Jai asked, his voice thick with concern.

"No, don't touch her!" Red cried out in command to someone. "I'm going to have to knock her out."

"No!" she screamed. No, not her. It was the Seal screaming. It opened her mouth to command and then suddenly froze, its dark limbs shriveling up as black spots covered Ari's eyes and the room began to tilt.

Jai gazed downat Ari, watching the slow rise and fal of her chest. After Red had used his mojo to knock her out, Jai had carried her upstairs to one of the bedrooms in Jack's house- wel, what had once been Jack's house. It was weird to think that he'd never realy known Jack at al. That they'd met only briefly before The Red and Glass King's had kiled him.

They were malevolent, ruthless sons-of-a-bitch.

Jai could feel their powerful energies on the other side of the door, where they stood waiting with Falon, Charlie, Trey and Michael. He'd insisted on being the only one to sit with Ari until she woke up, despite Red's concerns that the Seal might stil have a grip on her.

Holding her hand, Jai wondered how she would be when she regained consciousness. So much had happened. Finding out her mother, Sala, was actualy Ms.

Maggie al along (although it made sense now why their make-out session was interrupted by her), and discovering Red had betrayed her from the start. It had crossed Jai's mind more than once that Red was behind Charlie's wish. Jai was pretty sure it had crossed Ari's mind too, but to actualy have it confirmed. She had been beginning to trust Red. They both had been. They both needed to trust him. And the bastard had gone and ruined it.

Ari's eyelashes fluttered and Jai squeezed her hand. She made a little groaning noise before her eyes slammed open. "Jai," she whispered and when she turned her head on the pilow to meet his gaze, Jai sagged in relief. It was Ari. Just Ari.

"Hey," he whispered back. "How are you feeling?"

"A little groggy." She pushed herself up into a sitting position, her silence thick in the room. Finaly she looked back at him, her extraordinary eyes a strange golden blue color. "Is he stil here? Red?"

Jai nodded.

"I don't trust him anymore, Jai. I don't want him here."

"He's a Jinn King, Ari. He'l go when he wants to."

Her bottom lip trembled a little and Jai felt her pain like a punch in the gut. Is that what caring about someone else this much was like? To feel their pain almost like it was your own? Shifting onto the bed, Jai wrapped an arm around her shoulder and tucked her into his side. She rested her head on his chest, her hand over his heart.

"The Seal petrifies me, Jai. That was bad. That was realy bad."

It was worse than bad. The darkness inside her made him feel lost, helpless, but he couldn't let Ari know that. She needed him for this. "We'l do what I said before.

We'l use whatever triggers we can to spark the Seal and we'l train you to fight it."

"That's so risky. What if I can't control it? Like just then, Jai, if Red hadn't knocked me out..."

"Then I'l knock you out," he murmured with a smile in his voice, "Before you can do any damage. But we are going to get you through this."

"Is Michael taking me off the assignment?"

"No," Jai replied without thinking. Even if Michael wanted to, Jai wasn't going to let him. Ari had been through too much... she needed something to hold onto and that something for her was hunting. It was a form of control for her. It made her feel less like a sitting duck and no one was taking that away from her, especialy not now. "We're stil heading out if you feel up to it."

"Yeah, yeah I do." Ari raised her head to look up into his face. "I need to get away from here for a while." She glanced at the door. "Is he out there?"

Knowing who 'he' was, Jai nodded.

"Wil you tel him to leave?"

With the two Jinn Kings in the house, Jai could feel the thrum of energy built down around them like a bucket over a sandcastle. At Ari's words, the house seemed to deflate, like the bucket had been lifted and the sandcastle crumbled. "I don't need to," he told her softly. "He and Glass just left."

So were they alone now? Was it just them against Azazil and The White King?

"I guess so," he answered his own question.

15 - This Sky is Not Theirs to Reach... It is Yours to Place Your Stars Upon

It was so quiet in Midland, Connecticut. The team, which consisted of some familiar faces - Falon and Jai of course, Bryleigh and Scott Becke and Scott's brother James, and Bryleigh's sister Ailidh - were settled in the fairly large farm house they'd rented on the outskirts of Midland. It was on what used to be a working farm, and was fenced in at the back by a woodland. Having grown used to the sound of traffic, Ari couldn't sleep. Falon was sleeping no problem, having drifted off in her bed across from Ari, the sounds of the birds and the trees blowing in the breeze clearly soothing to her.

It just agitated Ari.

Despite postponing their arrival by one day, they'd stil left hastily for Midland. Afraid of getting upset, Ari hadn't been able to say goodbye to Charlie. It just felt like betrayal al over again. So instead she'd promised Michael that she could do the assignment and Jai had backed her up, promising them al - including a very worried Trey - that he'd help her get control over the Seal. Without Jack/Glass around, Trey was needed even more to look after Charlie. Falon had wanted Charlie to come with them now that he no longer had a mentor, but Ari was having none of it and Jai was acting like her trusty enforcer. After seeing what he did to The White King, no one was arguing with him.

Restless, worrying about everything, Ari finaly threw the covers off and drew on some clothes. The thought of her mother out there somewhere, of the fact that they no longer had a Jinn King aly (had they ever?), of the Seal taking over her again, of the assignment starting tomorrow morning, was causing chaos in her mind and gut.

The only time she'd felt calm these last twenty four hours was when Jai was around.

Needing him more than she liked, Ari tip-toed out of her room and down the hal towards Jai's. He was sharing with James so she couldn't just go in there.

Jai, she said loudly enough to selfishly wake him.

Yeah? His fast reply told her he'd been awake already.

Will you walk with me?

No words were telepathed back at her, but she thought she heard some rustling from behind the door. She strained to hear and almost immediately jumped back as his door peeled open. He stood in only jeans, the strength of his upper body gleaming in the moonlight shining through from the hal window. "You okay?" he whispered to her, his eyebrows drawn together in concern.

"I want to walk with you," she whispered back. "I can't sleep."

Without a word, Jai slipped back into the room. There was some more rustling and then he was back, wearing a t-shirt and boots. So they wouldn't wake anyone tip-toeing down the creaking staircase, both of them used the Peripatos, bringing them out to the backyard at the outskirts of the woods.

"You want to walk in there?" Jai raised an eyebrow.

"Scared?" Ari teased.

Roling his eyes at her, Jai took off at a slow strol and Ari quickly fel into step beside him.

"You worrying about everything?" he asked softly, glancing down at her in the near dark.

She nodded. "There's a lot going on in my head right now. Thank you for coming out here with me."

"I couldn't sleep either." He shrugged.

They were silent for a moment-the only sound they made was the breaking of twigs, crunch of leaves and squish of soil under foot. It smeled so clean and fresh out here. It reminded her a little of the woods back home in Sandford except the air was brisker somehow. And the trees around her were thicker than the ones back home. The thought of home just reminded her of everyone she'd left behind and more melancholy set in. Needing solace, Ari reached for Jai's hand, sliding her cool fingers between his.

She watched his strong profile as he looked uncertainly down at her grip. Finaly he squeezed her hand in his.

"What?" she asked. "The handholding too much?"

To her surprise he looked down at her with a rueful smile, shaking his head. But he didn't say anything.

"You can tel me, you know. I do remember what you were like when we first met. You're not exactly the hugging, handholding type."

"With you... it would appear I am."

Smiling a little shyly at that, Ari moved closer to him, wrapping her right hand around the wrist of his hand that held her left. "I can't believe my mom was watching out for me this whole time."

"It makes a lot of sense now."

"I'm so mad at her and I'm so mad at Red... but there's a part of me that feels..." she shrugged and he drew them to a stop. Looking up at him, Ari tried to find the right words. "I don't know how to explain it."

"Try."

"I feel... less abandoned." Somehow admitting that made Ari uncomfortable and she abruptly let go of Jai to continue, "My real father created me like I'm some genetic experiment and I'm pretty sure he just tried to kil me or at least was going to torture me. My fake dad literaly told me to my face that he never realy loved me enough, and my mom... wel, al this time I thought my mom abandoned me and then got herself magicaly incarcerated. But she didn't abandon me, Jai. And she told me that she loves me." She smiled weakly. "It's crazy, but I don't feel so alone anymore."

Puling her close, Jai's expression was unreadable. "It's not crazy, but Ari, you were never alone." He took a shuddering breath and to her surprise she felt his fingers tremble on her face. "I love you," he admitted, his voice rough with emotion. "Okay? I love you. You're not alone."

For a moment Ari couldn't believe he'd actualy said it, but the warm, rushing feeling of delirious joy that exploded through her chest and throughout her body finaly brought it home. Melting against him, a stupid grin on her face, Ari whispered back, "God, I love you too. So much." She felt almost desperate as she slid her hands up around his neck, clutching his nape. "You know, I stil don't have al the answers. About my mom, or Red, or White... or Azazil. Lilif, Asmodeus. Al I know is that there are al these people who think I belong to them. And the truth is, Jai, I'l only ever belong to you. If you want me, I'l belong to you forever."

His eyes widened a little at her declaration and then seemed to spark with some unnamed emotion. "Ari," he groaned and wrapped his arms around her waist, puling her so close, she was nearly off the ground. "I'l always want you," he whispered urgently against her lips. "You're mine now, okay. Only mine." His kiss was as desperate as her declaration had been, and she clung to him tightly, reveling in the taste of him and the taste of their newfound certainty of one another. His kiss softened, becoming drugged and languid, sweet and hot al at the same time. Ari moaned, as he trailed butterfly kisses down her neck, her breath halting as he reached up to unbutton her shirt so he could press kisses against the rise of her br**sts. Excitement tugged in her bely as her hormones took off at a run. Needing his lips back on hers, Ari grasped his head and reached for his mouth, touching her tongue to his so soft and tentatively she knew it would drive him crazy. His muffled groan reverberated through and Ari's knees almost buckled beneath her. Wanting some skin on skin, she slid her hands up under his shirt, her fingers trailing across his six-pack. Jai shuddered and kissed her harder, his body propeling her back against a tree. She didn't even feel the impact, she was too busy running her hands al over him under his shirt and pushing her h*ps against his in a way that she knew was sure to escalate things.

"Stop." Jai puled back, his hands sliding off her and bracing the tree on either side of her head. She felt his heavy warm breath puff against her face as he tried to gain some control. Ari's nerves had snapped one by one, her whole body trembling, and she did not want to stop.

"I'm so over this whole going slow thing, Jai," she complained.

He laughed humorlessly and reached down to press a tentative kiss against her lips. "Me too. But we can't here." He narrowed his eyes, perhaps at the thought of having to wait to be with her. "This assignment needs to be over tomorrow."

Ari shook her head. "No, you need your own room again and I need to be sneaking in and out of it."

Pushing off the tree, Jai rubbed a shaky hand over his head and smiled affectionately down at her. Ari could now identify that wondrous look in his eyes as love.

"When we get back to Jersey I'm getting my own place and we are teling everyone that you are mine. Okay? I don't care who knows. I don't care about the dangers.

I want everyone to know that you're mine."

Ari nodded, loving the sound of that. "Yours. And you're mine?"

He gave her a swift kiss before throwing his arm over her shoulders to lead her back to the house. "Always. And no backsies."

Ari laughed softly, loving this playful side of him. "You'd have to be ripped from my cold, dead hands before I'd ever give you back, Jai Bitar."

He squeezed her closer. "Back at you, Ms. Johnson... but I would have put it more eloquently. Without the creepy imagery."

"Oh sure. 'Cause you're al about the words."

"Anyone ever tel you, you've got a smart mouth?" he growled, tickling her waist.

Ari tried to hush a squeal as she puled away from him laughing. "Stop," she huffed, trying to unsuccessfuly grab at his tickling fingers.

Grinning wickedly, Jai ceased tickling her and tugged her roughly against him, his arms tight around her waist. "You gonna watch that mouth of yours?"

"You watch it," she replied saucily.

His expression almost solemn now, Jai leaned down to kiss her, his words whispering across her mouth before their lips touched, "Oh, I've been watching it since the day I first saw you."

16 - Honor does not Know of Good or Evil

The White King had never loved Sala but he'd thought of her as his. An Ifrit with powers of seduction even greater than the Succubus Lilif Jinn, Sala could entrance a human man with just one look. To be able to seduce a Jinn, a Lilif had to have something extra special, extra charm and sensuality, to penetrate the defensive magic of one of her own.

Sala wasn't even a Lilif and she could charm the harem pants off any Jinn.

Of course her eyes, eyes shared by their daughter, had drawn White to her when he'd encountered her on a trip to Marrakesh. A fairly old and extremely powerful Ifrit, Sala of course was reluctant to give up her freedom and join him in Mount Qaf as part of his harem. That only made him want her more. She was stubborn, inteligent, chalenging. However, she was inteligent enough to know that she was no match for a Jinn King. White stole her from herself, placed her as his favorite in his harem, al the while plotting to use her against Asmodeus.

But White's arrogance was what had gotten him into trouble, and he could admit that to himself now. So pleased with himself upon acquiring such a find as the beautiful Sala, he'd not only flouted her before Asmodeus in the hope of sparking his interest, he'd paraded her before his brothers.

And Red could not resist.

White had learned of Red and Sala's affair. He liked to believe he knew everything that went on around him. Unable to punish his brother for the transgression, he'd beaten Sala into submission, and when she was wel again, he'd thrown her at Asmodeus, and even the lofty Lieutenant had succumbed to her seduction.

Love was the one thing he had not accounted for. It had not even occurred to White that Red would have been foolish enough to fal in love with Sala, and to then enlist the help of Glass to save her from her imprisonment. White refused to believe Sala actualy had any feelings for Red. His brother was nothing compared to him.

Nothing.

He had to find Sala. He wanted to flail her to nothing too and then stick her back in the damn bottle where she belonged. Only this time she'd be dead.

She was proving elusive, but there was that word again. Love. He had not realized that Sala had such a deep attachment for their daughter. He could understand it to a certain extent. Ari was extraordinary for a human-raised child. He liked to believe she had much of him within her. Sala loved the child. Everything she'd done up until this point was to protect the child, which meant she was stil protecting her. White was sure where Ari went, Sala would folow.

A hiss and a slight breeze blowing against the fabric swathed around his window, fabric that had only moments ago been perfectly stil, alerted White to his visitor.

He turned slowly, his insides churning with an impatience that quickly transformed to irritation when his black gaze clashed with The Shadow King's equaly dark one.

His long black hair was wound back in a braid and his robes had been replaced by a leather vest and trousers. It was his warrior's garb. White tried to be intrigued but... Shadow was such a bore.

"What?" he asked blandly. "I am a little busy, brother, if you don't mind." He gestured to the door for him to leave.

Shadow made a face at him, that petulant look of barely concealed hurt that he'd never managed to rid himself of since childhood. "Actualy I do mind." Shadow marched determinedly towards him, his eyes glittering with some kind of triumph. "Red came to see me. He said something to me, and although I would quite like to rip his larynx out through his nose, there is a smal chance that he may have had a point."

Growing steadily more annoyed by Shadow's presence, White quirked an eyebrow as if to say 'And?'

"His point being that I sit around and wait for you to tel me what to do. Wel, no more, brother. I have a stake in the outcome of this war too."

"You intend to make me your enemy?"

"No, of course not. Contrary to popular belief I am no fool. In fact, my little spies tel me you have discovered Sala escaped from her prison."

A flare of anger cut across his chest. White realy didn't want to be reminded of his failing. Pretending indifference, he shrugged. "Your point?"

"Wel, my spies also tel me you were going to use Sala as a peace offering to Ari. To encourage her to help you."

"Who are these spies of yours, and who have they been talking to?" White would have to kil them immediately.

As if his thoughts had been spoken aloud, Shadow smiled at his brother. "I wil tel you who within your palace likes to gossip if you wil listen to my idea."

"Fine."

"You need to kidnap Ari's guardian. Jai Bitar. Use him to bargain with her."

Trying not to sigh condescendingly and failing miserably, White turned away from his brother, his body language teling Shadow he was done. "If you knew anything you would know that Ari can no longer be bargained with by threatening the lives of those around her."

"You are thinking of the sorcerer. Charlie, is it? Because Ari turned down your offer to save him at the trial?"

Strangely, White remembered her reply to his offer with an inward smile. Her strength of character was to be admired and her old-fashioned sense of honor almost made a father proud. "She has proven she cannot be swayed."

"I believe when it comes to a certain Ginnaye, she can be."

Casting him a wary look over his shoulder, White nodded at him to continue.

"My spies watched an intimate scene between Ari and Jai only hours ago. They declared passionate love for one another, brother." He smirked, obviously pleased with himself. "The words that were spoken lead me to believe that your daughter wil do anything for that Jinn."

Not one to swalow information such as this so easily, White narrowed his eyes in suspicion. "Ari can feel Jinn hiding in the Cloak. How did your spy even get close enough to witness such a scene?"

"I used a human, White." Shadow clucked his tongue disapprovingly at him. "You know for someone who is so bent on trying to maintain the balance of this world and theirs, you are awful prejudice against mortals. They have their uses you know."

Flicking his comment aside as if it were a mere fly, White felt the tightness in his chest gain some relief. If this was true... "You are sure? Ari and the Ginnaye are secretly together? She loves him? Enough to do anything to save him?"

"I believe the words 'I wil only ever belong to you' were used."

White snorted. "Sounds... serious."

"Oh I think serious enough for our purposes."

White sighed, thinking, "I would wait until I could get him alone but he never leaves Ari's side. So I wil need to arrange for the two to be alone and grab him and get the hel out of there before she can command me to do stop."

"How do you hope to accomplish that?"

"By putting them in a situation that requires him to take Ari somewhere safe. Somewhere they need to be alone." White offered Shadow a smal smile as a plan began to form. "And I think we should irritate father while we're at it."

He took a moment to lay out his thoughts to Shadow. When he was done, his brother was frowning. "Is that not a little risky? Ari could come to harm."

White shook his head. "Not if we plan this out to the very last detail. Plus, I'm counting on something I never counted on before."

"And what is that?"

White grinned now, feeling more energized than he had in weeks. "A mother's love for her child."

"You're a difficult being to find, Kadeen," The Red King announced softly as he prowled into the cave. It was buried deep in the Tibetan mountains near Mount Kailash. Red appreciated the significance of the location. In Hinduism, Mount Kailash was considered to be a place of eternal bliss.

Kadeen realy had grown tired of the Jinn world.

Kadeen gazed back at him calmly, his pale blue eyes startling in the candlelight. Red had to give it to him, the Marid had made the place quite comfortable. The stone floors were covered inch by inch with thick Moroccan carpets and oil paintings had been nailed to the craggy wals. Old English furniture scattered the large space, including a huge, ornately carved four poster bed that sat in the middle of the room with a sort of majesty one did not expect to find in a cave. "Clearly not that difficult to find," Kadeen answered smoothly, gesturing to the armchair in front of him.

Red smiled at his answer and sat down. He hadn't bothered to change out of his preferred jeans and t-shirt for Kadeen. If he remembered correctly, Kadeen hadn't realy been one for tradition. "Perhaps you were easier to find than I thought you'd be. Your daughter was most forthcoming."

At the mention of his only child, Kadeen narrowed his eyes on Red. "I told her that if a Jinn King ever demanded my whereabouts she was to tel him the truth. My sanctuary is not worth her life."

"A father who puts his child before himself. How novel."

"Only amongst Jinn royalty."

"Touche."

Kadeen cocked his head to the side, a habit he'd probably picked up from Azazil. It was funny that he stil had it even centuries after leaving the Sultan's side. "You have come to see me for a reason, Master Red?"

"You were one of my father's favorites. His affection for you is the only reason he alowed you to leave in peace."

"Yes."

"You must have witnessed things, Kadeen, heard things-perhaps private things?"

"Make your point, Master Red. I am not getting any younger."

Red acknowledged his comment with an amused smile, but underneath he was anxious-anxious for knowledge. "I wasn't there when my father produced the Seal.

He has never trusted my brothers as he trusts me, but even with this I do not have his trust."

"This?"

His suspicions of the Seal's true origin burned in his eyes. "The Seal, Kadeen. Do you know where it came from?"

Darkness fel over Kadeen's face as though al the candles had been blown out. He shook his head and stood to his feet, his lanky, trembling frame belying his age.

Kadeen was a Marid coming to the end of his life. "I know nothing of this. Please leave, your majesty."

Unconvinced, Red stood to his feet, towering over the Marid by at least four inches. "You are dying, Kadeen. Who wil protect your daughter once you are gone?"

"My daughter?"

Red nodded, his jaw clenched with determination. "You would do anything to protect your child, would you not Kadeen? I understand this. I am also trying to

protect a child. Tel me where the Seal came from, or I wil slaughter your daughter and al of her children."

Pure hatred sparked in Kadeen's eyes. "This is why I left. There is no honor among you anymore. This war, this infantile, mindless war has poluted what was once resplendent about the Royal Seven and their Sultan. She should have been torn limb from limb for what she created."

"My mother you mean?"

"Lilif. Doesn't it always come down to Lilif." Kadeen shook his head sadly. "I wil tel you what you want to know if you promise to protect my kin."

"You have my word."

"And does that mean anything anymore, Master Red?"

Red sighed, his chest twisting a little at the bitter truth in Kadeen's distrust. "Today it does."

17 - One Red Riding Hood and Too Many Wolves

The revelations of the last few days stil clung to Ari, but as she sat in a junior English class in the wel-funded Emmett Bradford High School, she tried her best to shrug it off and concentrate on her assignment. Being back in school was weird, especialy pretending to be a junior and pretending to be a new student. She'd never been a new student. She'd grown up surrounded by most of the same people her whole life. Sitting at a desk, barely listening to a teacher drone on about Fitzgerald reminded Ari of Staci and Rachel. A pang echoed in her chest as she thought about her friends, wondering how they were doing. They'd be heading off to colege now and Ari couldn't quite believe that it had been a whole summer since she'd seen them last...

...since she'd lifted the comforter off the world and saw what was lying on the mattress.

A whole lot of scary.

"And what about you, Marissa?" the tal, skinny English teacher was asking her, her face pinched as if she knew Ari hadn't been listening to a word she said.

Ari sat for a moment, deciding which way to play this. It wasn't like she needed the class. And she'd always been such a good girl. Maybe Marissa was a pain in the ass.

Roling her eyes, she shrugged. "I have no idea."

The teacher scowled now. "You have no idea, or you can't be bothered to answer the question?"

"Yeah, that one."

The class snickered and the teacher threw them a blistering look that quickly shut them up. With a disapproving click of her tongue she flicked Ari away dismissively with a wave of her hand. "Pretty girls need to be educated too, Marissa, no matter what those glossy magazines tel you."

Ouch.

The real her wanted to blush like crazy because she'd never had a set-down from a teacher before. The Marissa her, was just going to persevere with the

disapproval because frankly she didn't have time to do homework assignments, so why set the precedent that she would?

***

"So?" Falon asked her as soon as they met in the halway after second period.

Ari shook her head, lowering her voice as they headed slowly down the halway in amongst a throng of students who were peering curiously at the new girls. "The new kid in my class is just that: a kid." Ari snorted. "I also played the part of slacker girl. It's kind of fun when your whole future isn't dependent upon good grades."

To Ari's surprise, Falon didn't laugh. "Be careful," she replied softly, her expression stern. "We want to blend in as much as possible. Now I know those eyes of yours make that kind of hard-speaking of which, we should have gotten you contacts- but we can't draw attention to ourselves by being the funny, hot, slacker girl.

You have to be bland, you have to blend. We don't want this Jinn getting suspicious of us."

"He or she is going to feel us anyway."

"Yes, but perhaps conclude that we're just ordinary, human-living lesser Jinn. So less slacker girl, more Ari, okay?"

"I'm surprised." Ari sighed. "I thought you would have liked doing the slacker thing."

Laughing, Falon nodded. "I would love to do the slacker thing. But I love doing an assignment well, more."

"Gotcha." Ari nodded in agreement. "No more Slacker Marissa. She was fun though... for al of two seconds."

"Next class?" Falon peered at her schedule. "Ugh, you have Calculus."

"Yay me. You?"

"Computer Lab."

"I can't wait for lun-" Ari cut off mid-grump, her whole body tensing as a wave of familiar energy hit her.

Jinn.

She spun around, her eyes searching through the throng of students as they miled between classes. Nope, not him, not her, not him, not her, not-

Ari's gaze colided with an older man. A teacher? He narrowed his eyes on her, as if he knew her but couldn't quite place her. With a slight widening of those eyes of his, he backed up and turned on his heel, heading down the halway in the opposite direction.

Heart pounding, not quite believing they'd found the son-of-a-bitch already, Ari folowed the Jinn, pushing past students without care.

"Ari?" Falon hissed, grabbing at her arm. "What the...?"

"Didn't you feel him?" Ari asked, stil moving quickly, not even taking time to look back at Falon.

"No."

"It's him. Come on."

They turned the corner and Falon walked into her as Ari stumbled to an abrupt halt. This halway was almost empty. He was gone. Adrenaline pumping fast now,

Ari gestured towards the classrooms dotted al the way up the long hal. "Let's start looking."

Taking her at her word, Falon nodded. "No splitting up, okay."

"Fine."

They peered into every class, finding nothing of interest. Ari was ready to give up halfway down the hal since there was no buzz of Jinn energy at al, and then her feet stopped her in the open doorway of a classroom. The room was ful of easels and art supplies, and every wal was covered in carefuly mounted artwork that ranged from realy good to completely, unidentifiably bad. However, the colorful room wasn't what had gotten her attention.

It was him.

He stood leaning over his desk, writing on a post-it before slapping it on top a pile of papers. As if sensing her presence, he glanced over at the door and then straightened. It was him. This was definitely the guy, but, there was no Jinn energy radiating off of him.

He smiled, a confused, polite stretching of the lips. "Yes? Can I help you with something?"

His brown eyes were warm and so human. He was probably in his forties and dressed the exact opposite of what Ari expected from an art teacher-a sweater over a shirt and tie, slacks, polished loafers. Short hair. The art teachers she had known had used their style as an expression of art as wel.

"Ari?" Falon whispered beside her, that one word filed with concern and confusion.

"I'm sorry," Ari finaly managed to form words. A little flustered, she looked down at the schedule in her hands. "We're new. We thought we had art now but clearly not." She gestured to the empty class. "Not today."

"Okay." He smiled again, buying her lie. "Wel, I'm Mr. Shepherd, but I let you guys cal me Sam. Welcome. I look forward to seeing what you two can do with a piece of paper and a pencil."

Returning his friendly grin, Ari shook her head. "Oh I wouldn't." And after giving him a little wave of goodbye, she grabbed Falon's arm and bolted out of there, feeling like the world's biggest dumbass.

"What the hel was that?" Falon growled, her pretty face pinched. "You had my blood pumping and ready for a fight."

"I could have sworn I felt something from him in the hal. But then... there... nothing."

"Wel, now we're late for class. Check the signal on your radar, Ari. Jeez, so far you suck at this."

"You know, I never realized it before but you can be realy mean for such a cute person."

"I've always been mean." Falon waved off her suggestion that she was anything else. "And I am not cute."

Ari glanced at her schedule as Falon took off towards the east wing of the school. According to this, Calculus was west side, first floor. She started backing up from Falon, a smirk on her lips. "Cute as a button! Al the black," She waved at Falon's skinny jeans and black Big Bang Theory t-shirt, "Not fooling anybody, Snow White."

Falon's mouth dropped open a little, aghast. Then just as quickly she shut it. Scowling playfuly, she gave Ari her favorite insult. The middle finger.

Ari was stil laughing when she got to class.

Her Calculus teacher wiped the smile off her face as he tore her a new one for being late. Apparently being a new student counted for nothing.

Stupid high school.

***

Lunch period couldn't have come fast enough. Ari realy hoped they found their Jinn soon, because she didn't know how much of repeating high school she could

take. It was something that she was done with. She'd made peace with the end of her high school career before summer and now she knew why. She'd outgrown it.

Running for her life this summer had only made her disconnection to it even greater.

Ari shook her head at herself as she stroled along the main halway towards the front entrance where she knew Jai would be waiting for her. She had to stop being such a whine. This was what she wanted. An assignment. Wel, be careful what you wish for, right. Ari snorted and then shook her head again. She probably looked like a crazy person, but she didn't care.

She was about to see Jai.

Footsteps pounded behind her and a shadow fel over her. Not Jinn.

Glancing up into the cute face of some tal, dark haired student, Ari gave him a wide-eyed, 'do I know you?' look.

He smiled down at her, reminding her a little of Nick. "Hey, um, you're new right?"

Distracted by thoughts of Jai just yards outside somewhere, Ari just nodded.

"I'm Beau," he said, holding the door open for her and letting a soft breeze wash over her. Not for the first time, and perhaps for the milionth since activating her Jinn heritage, Ari wished she could feel if the breeze was a cool or warm. From the skirts some of the girls were wearing, and the board shorts some of the guys were wearing, Ari would guess it was a surprisingly hot day for September in Connecticut. "I'm a senior," Beau continued as they stepped outside, students gently pushing past them. "I saw you earlier in the hals. With your sister?"

"Step-sister." Ari stopped, turning to face him, squinting against the bright sunlight.

"Marissa, right?"

She almost blushed at the open appreciation in Beau's eyes as they traveled over her body before returning to her face. He adjusted his backpack as it slid off his shoulder, his grin wide and handsome. She was being flirted with. Great.

Yes, Ari, great!

They were on an investigation and inside info would help-information from Beau the senior perhaps. Jeez, Falon was right. She did suck at this.

"Yeah, I'm Marissa." She returned his warm smile and held out her hand for him to shake. His grip was surprisingly gentle for his size and at the touch of her hand, his smile widened. It occurred to her that this guy, who was only a year her junior, looked so young and so innocent.

"Anyone ever told you that you have the most amazing eyes?" he asked, so assured of his own charm and appeal.

Who's the guy?

Ari blinked in surprise at the sound of Jai's voice in her head. Twisting around, she spied him over her shoulder, leaning against his SUV that he'd parked in the front row only yards from the entrance. He was wearing dark sunglasses, a pair of wel-worn black jeans, boots, and a plain white t-shirt that showed off his honed physique.

Ari eyed the girls walking past him, craning their necks around to catch another eyeful and then turning to giggle with their friends. The whole scene was a total cliche.

Hot older guy at high school: the effect.

Cliche or not, it had an effect on her. Her gaze drifted back to him and her mouth went dry. Jai was hers.

That was never going to get old.

"My boyfriend actualy," Ari murmured in reply to Beau's flirtatious question. Although distracted, the thought of Falon's earlier annoyance niggled at her and she turned back to Beau with an apologetic smile. "Maybe I can catch up with you later?" She stil might need him after al.

Beau's gaze was on Jai now too. He looked a little bewildered as he answered warily, "Sure thing."

Crap. Why did Jai have to be so intimidating?

Roling her eyes inwardly, Ari left Beau's side, trying to strol casualy toward her boyfriend and ignore al the people staring at them. As soon as she reached him, Jai stood up off the side of the SUV and puled her into his arms, her shocked gasp lost in his possessively deep kiss. Grasping his biceps for support, her insides on fire despite the temperate cool of her skin, Ari kissed him back for al she was worth. When he finaly let her go, they were both panting a little.

Ari wasn't sure if she could remember what words even were, or how to use them.

That was the first time they'd kissed in public.

"What was that?" she finaly managed, her voice low and husky.

Jai just shrugged, looking around the campus casualy. "Just playing my part as possessive boyfriend."

"Playing or for real?" Falon suddenly appeared beside them, a huge Cheshire Cat grin splitting her face. "Guys, that was so hot! Months of pent up attraction huh?

Jock boy is stil staring by the way." She gestured towards Beau with a lift of her smal shoulder.

Ari tried for surreptitiousness as she looked over her own shoulder and sure enough, Beau was stil standing staring at them, his expression warring between

disappointment and something else-something Ari couldn't quite put her finger on. Two guys appeared beside Beau, clapping him on the shoulder in greeting and finaly drawing him away from them. Ari sagged in relief, wondering what that was al about.

"You know," Falon sighed wearily, "Three guys have already asked me if my sister is single. I know you're hot and al, but I think you've got some weird succubus vibes from your mom. It's totaly depressing being your friend."

It was like she'd slapped her with that careless comment. Ari frowned. Did she have some weird succubus vibes from her mom? Was that what Jai was attracted to?

Falon smirked at Jai before Ari could reply. "You're going to have your work cut out for you playing possessive, jealous boyfriend, Gorgeous. Ari is a hit as Marissa."

"I think I can handle it," Jai replied gruffly, his eyes sparking a little too brightly with unnamed emotion as they searched Ari's flushing face.

"You know, your epic non-romance is starting to piss me off."

"That's funny." Jai shot Falon one of his scariest glowers. "Because you're starting to piss me off."

Falon just roled her eyes.

"Wel?" he asked. "Anything yet?"

Ari shook her head. "Nothing."

"Not true," Falon corrected her with a puckered brow. "You felt something earlier. Just because it wasn't the art teacher doesn't mean you didn't feel something."

"Oh now you tel me."

Before Falon could answer with something completely smart ass, a blustering gust of wind ripped through the parking lot, blowing Ari's hair back off her face.

Papers blew out of the loose folder Falon was carrying and messed up her short pixie haircut. Students cried out around them as they lost their hold on assignments, chip packets and other items.

That wasn't what caused the blood to drain from Ari's face, or Falon's eyes to widen in recognition, or Jai's whole body to tense as he stepped in front of her, guarding her.

With the wind had come the largest mass of Jinn power Ari had felt since meeting Azazil. But it wasn't his power. That would have been familiar to her.

"You guys are feeling that right?" she asked, gazing over Jai's shoulders and into the parking lot. Falon and Jai mirrored her, searching the crowds for the source.

As though her eyes were suckers, Ari's zoomed through the crowds of students and cars to find the Jinn. And he wasn't alone. One by one Ari found them, male and female Jinn standing in the crowds staring at her. There were at least fifteen of them, their expressions dark with intent.

"We're surrounded," Jai muttered having spotted them too in the half-circle they made around the three of them.

"Jai...?" Ari asked shakily, wondering how they hel they were going to get out of this without her activating the Seal. The last thing she should do was tap into that thing. It was too dangerous. Nothing... nothing was worth that risk.

Jai stepped back, his hand grabbing a hold of hers tightly. "They've found you. They know what you are."

"The trial," Ari breathed, "Because of the trial."

"It doesn't matter why, al that matters is getting you out of here." Falon looked up at Jai, her expression fierce. "We can't trigger the Seal. Not after what happened..." she trailed off, almost apologeticaly.

Ari nodded, ignoring the bite of hurt that nipped at her to know they al thought she might flip a switch and go crazy on them. "No, you're right. But we're all getting out of here."

Jai's anger was palpable, but seeing how determined she was he cursed under his breath, his brows creasing in concentration. After a second of alowing Ari's panic to grow, his eyes flew upwards behind her.

She grabbed his arm. "What about the SUV? If we jump in that we could lead them away from the school, from the students..."

"They'd kil the engine," Falon answered, shoving her suggestion aside impatiently. "We'd be sitting ducks."

"The roof," Jai murmured under his breath. "Ari and I are heading into the school and up onto that roof. Falon, they're not here for you." He placed his car keys in her hand. "Take my car, it's closer than yours, and get back to the house. I'm going to take Ari somewhere safe and as soon as we get there, I'l cal to make sure it's safe to return to the team."

"Of course."

"No, not of course," Ari argued, disbelieving what she was hearing. "What if they're waiting at the house? I can't leave you to walk into that."

"Ari," Falon hissed, "If we let your ass fal into the hands of some sociopathic Jinn, we're al dead anyway. Just stick with Jai and try to listen to him for once."

The fact that Falon had referred to Jai by his actual name was enough to bring the severity of the situation crashing down on al of them. Before Ari had even nodded her approval of the plan, Falon was jumping into the SUV and Jai was hauling her by the wrist into the school. He shoved students out of his way, his expression sending the rest skittering out of their path.

"Why the roof?" Ari breathed, trying to keep up.

"Because I tested the Peripatos and the Jinn have combined their power to block the channel. They're working together, Ari, which is worse than bad news.

Nothing can come in or out around this f**king school."

Jai was cursing. He was worried.

Ari gripped him tighter, her heart thudding in her chest as Jai suddenly cursed again, looking around bewildered. His strong arm reached out and grabbed the colar of a passing male student. "How do we get onto the roof?" he demanded.

The boy's answer was lost to Ari. She was barely listening now as the thought of imminent battle with the Jinn set her panic at an al-time high. It wasn't that she was afraid to fight. She'd fought the Jinn before and lived to see another day. It was that the Seal was reacting so badly now, pushing through and dominating her. She couldn't let the Seal have control and already she felt its ugly darkness churning to wakefulness in her chest.

As Jai dragged her up a narrow empty staircase it suddenly dawned on Ari why they were heading for the roof. "Oh God," she bit out. "You want us to fly."

"Ari, keep it together, baby," he growled. "I know you hate flying, but right now I just need you to concentrate on keeping a lid on the Seal. Okay?"

"Being patronizing won't help me keep the lid on it," Ari growled, tugging her hand out of his as they stepped out onto the roof. The wind was stronger up here and it provided a great view of the town, and the four Jinn standing behind Jai. "Oh crap."

At her widened eyes, Jai spun around, his reflexes fast as he swiped a hand across the air in time to deflect a wave of magical energy. Ember burned in his left palm and he threw it at one of the Jinn, who did as Jai had done and created a shield that the magic bounced off of.

"Ari, defense!" he reminded her to use her defensive magic against the enemy as he strode towards the Jinn, blocking their magic with one hand and attacking with the other. Al four were intent on Jai though, having garnered he was her guardian and needed to be taken out.

Wel, Ari wouldn't let that happen.

Doing as Jai had taught in training, Ari concentrated until she felt her own Jinn energy. It was like listening for her heartbeat. Once she found it, she could control it with her emotions. And her emotions were raging right now.

Pushing the energy towards her hand, she let it build up until it blossomed in her palm into a weapon. With a scream of outrage, she threw it and it clipped the shoulder of one of the female Jinn who was crowding towards Jai. Seeing the beads of sweat drip down Jai's face as he fought off four against one clawed at Ari and immediately woke up the Seal. Its whispers curled around her veins and Ari had to take a moment to push it back down.

A moment that almost cost her.

She ducked from the bal of energy that flew at her and summoned the Cloak. Invisibility wrapped around her and Ari moved at a speed she would never have thought herself capable of until Jai had shown her how. In seconds she was behind the female, her hand slamming down like a hammer into the back of her neck as Jai had trained her.

The female Jinn crumpled at her feet and Ari jumped over her in triumph, heading for the next Jinn. Ari charged at the male Jinn she'd marked to attack. At the speed she was going, it was incredibly painful as he intercepted her attack, grasping her neck, and successfuly puling her out of the Cloak. At a little over six foot, the Jinn was built like a tank, his dark eyes hidden under an overhanging brow that screamed 'invincible caveman!' He certainly felt invincible as he threw her to the concrete paving of the roof, her teeth breaking the skin on her bottom lip as her head slammed back and down again with enough force to kil an ordinary girl. The world spun, and Ari felt her limbs loosen as the Seal shoved its own into them. As it took control, Ari watched through the blur as Jai snapped the neck of the first Jinn who'd attacked just seconds before a blast of the other two's combined energy sent him soaring back into the roof exit with such force his whole body just crumpled to the ground.

As Ari/the Seal was about to command them al to stop, flames exploded behind one of the two remaining male Jinn. Ari's astonishment at the sight before her

caused the Seal to lose control of her. She struggled to sit up as Sala appeared out of the flames. Without a moment's hesitation Sala smashed a fist of glowing ember through the chest of the shorter attacker and yanked out his heart. His body hadn't even folded in on itself when she dropped his heart to hold up both hands, this incredible energy pulsating out of them at the goliath who'd knocked Ari on her ass. He shook quietly, horrifyingly, as if he was being silently electrocuted, and then he fel on top of the dead Jinn.

Sala twisted around to gaze down at Ari, her long hair whipping in the wind, her red dress matching the blood dripping from her hand. "He's a Marid so he's not dead. And he's strong so you need to go."

"The other..." Ari gestured to the Jinn Sala had so effortlessly ripped the heart out of.

Striding over to her with determination and violence in her eyes, Sala puled Ari to her feet. "I'm older than he was, sweetheart. No time to explain. Get Jai," she shot a worried look over at Jai who was groaning as he shakily drew himself up off the ground, "And leave."

"Thank you," Ari whispered, not sure what else to say.

Sala gave her a weak smile. "I told you I'd always be watching over you. Now go." She pushed her towards Jai and then stepped back into the Cloak before Ari could say another word.

"Jai!" Ari cried as he got to his feet, staring down at the defeated Jinn.

"What happened?" he asked, touching the back of his head and bringing back bloody finger tips.

Ari blanched at the sign of a wound. "Sala... my... my mom."

"She saved you?" he breathed, his eyes dark with emotion.

"You both did," she reassured him.

He looked anything but reassured. "Let's get out of here." He tugged her close and they both wrapped the Cloak around themselves seconds before Jai pushed off, flying them up into the air and away from the school, and leaving Ari's stomach on the roof with the dead and unconscious Jinn.

18 - How Can an Emerald Heal When its Poison Caused the Wound?

Good thing Michael Roe had a huge house. He had two more guests to accommodate.

They'd al agreed that it would be strange for Charlie and Trey to remain living in Jack's house. Charlie stil couldn't get his head around the fact that he'd never once been training and learning from Jack. He'd been learning from a goddamn, real life Jinn King.

The Glass King had spent hours, days, weeks, patiently teaching him and, in a way, becoming his friend. Charlie knew Ari felt utterly betrayed by Red and

subsequently by Glass, but he couldn't help but be grateful to them. And yeah, he knew how selfish that sounded. But whatever their personal agenda, they'd been helping him to achieve vengeance. And Glass had been feeding his need for magic every day in doses he could handle. And now he was back to square one because Ari didn't want them anywhere near her.

Charlie sighed, leaning his head back over the sofa, staring at the ceiling of the second sitting room in Michael and Caroline's home. He sounded like a dick even in his thoughts. Red had hurt Ari. There was a time when Charlie would have kiled anyone who hurt her. Was he that far gone?

"Dude, you look pensive," Trey remarked as he sauntered into the room, his hands jammed into his jean pockets. He stopped, staring down at Charlie like a bored little boy. "I wish I was out there with them. Doing something. Anything. I'm not used to sitting around."

Charlie raised an inquiring eyebrow. "You want to spar using magic?"

"I'm not touching that." Trey shook his head, eyeing him carefuly. "You addicted Charlie boy?"

Yes. "No," he grunted. "I just thought we could aleviate the boredom by smashing the hel out of each other."

"Sounds quite entertaining. I'l watch," a deep voice murmured from the corner.

Adrenaline spiked, Charlie jumped up off the sofa to stand next to Trey, his eyes wide on the blue-haired Jinn who was leaning casualy against the wal in the back corner of the sitting room. The Glass King smirked at them although his bright eyes lacked any real mirth. "I've been standing here in the Cloak for forty minutes watching you brood. I think you miss me, Charlie."

Before Charlie could say a word, Trey was pushing him back towards the doorway. Trey's usualy relaxed face was tense, his pale eyes burning, his whole body

bristling with energy as he stalked towards The Glass King. This was a side to Trey, Charlie had never seen. This was his guardian side.

"You dare to come back here after what you've done?" Trey was ful of reproach, his voice low with anger.

Charlie wasn't the only one who couldn't believe Trey was actualy talking to a Jinn King so disrespectfuly, so carelessly. Glass' eyebrow quirked, his eyes sliding down Trey with lazy perusal before climbing back up to his face. "You dare to speak to me thus? Have you forgotten who I am?"

"You're the guy that murdered an innocent man and impersonated him. You're the guy that's trying to coax my friend into kiling a ful-blooded Jinn so that he can be taken to Mount Qaf and sentenced to death. You want him out of the way for some reason. Wel you're going to have to go through me first."

As Trey's brave and loyal words settled upon Charlie and Glass, Charlie couldn't help but smile a little. Maybe he wasn't such a dick after al if a good guy like Trey was wiling to take a bulet for him. Not that he was going to let him-he thought of the emerald nestled in his trouser pocket. He'd tried to keep it hidden but being too far away from it made him feel agitated, the way his old acquaintance Mel Rickman got agitated when he went too many hours without popping a pil. "Trey." Charlie shook his head, taking a step forward. "Don't." He flicked an anxious gaze at Glass, worrying what his response would be.

Glass' inscrutable gaze bore into Trey's and the air around them crackled. It felt like the wals were closing in on them, that together they were sucking al the oxygen out of the room. Suddenly Charlie felt like he was intruding upon... something.

"I do not want to harm you, Trey. And Charlie does not want me to either. He knows the risk he is taking by pursuing the Labartu." His eyes drifted past Trey's face to Charlie's, and they glinted knowingly at him. "He knows what my father wants and he knows what Red is doing. He has al the information." And Charlie knew then that Glass was aware he had the emerald. That Red had given it to him to help him escape capture after he kiled the Labartu. Any mistrust he felt towards Glass disappeared in a selfish breeze of need to find her. To find the one who'd destroyed his family's life. It didn't matter if Red and Glass had kiled Jack, had hurt Ari.

Maybe one day it might matter to him again. But not today.

"He's right, Trey. I know what I'm doing."

"But, Charlie-" As Trey turned to argue light exploded around the room with a crackle and hiss. It wasn't until Charlie watched in frozen shock as Glass jumped in front of Trey, taking an invisible hit from the strange Jinn who'd appeared out of the Peripatos to attack the young Ginnaye, that Charlie realized there was more than one of them.

They were under attack.

Pain exploded in his left shoulder just as the fog began to clear, and eyes-watering, struggling to draw breath, Charlie whirled around in time to create a cushion for the glowing fist that came at him. He swung back, eyes narrowed on the tal female Jinn in her leather trousers and white shirt. She sneered at him and jerked her hands out towards him, palm up, a wave of energy pulsating out at him. Without thinking, Charlie yanked the emerald out of his pocket, curling it tight in his fist and with feeling more than thought, struck his hands up like a conductor before an orchestra.

His feeling must have been one of pure destruction.

The female froze completely, her eyes widening in horror, her mouth faling open in a silent scream. Her skin began to turn lucid with transparency as al her veins popped up, emerald green fluid rushing through them. Blood spurted from her wrist as the first vein exploded and Charlie stumbled back in horror as he realized what he'd done. It was too late.

Warm, wet bits splattered across his face, the floor, the ceiling, the wal behind where the female Jinn he'd just exploded had been standing.

Sick silence drenched the room along with the heady, stomach churning coppery smel of blood and innards. Momentarily paralyzed, Charlie was only shaken from his stupor by Trey's voice.

"What?" he murmured, feeling the Jinn's blood on his cheek. He glanced at Trey, the room seeming to tunnel in around the guardian.

"Charlie?" Trey was pale, shaken.

What? Charlie blinked, shaking his head as the tunnel vision dissipated and he could see clearly again. The Glass King and Trey stood staring at him, the former with a severe expression and the latter in shock. Scattered around the room were five unconscious, possibly dead Jinn. Trey had not a mark on him and although Charlie knew he was powerful, he knew he was not formidable enough to have taken out five Jinn in a mere few seconds.

The Glass King had saved their skin.

"Charlie, how did you...?" Trey gestured to the mess Charlie had made. "It's not possible."

"He didn't." Glass strode forward. "I did." He stopped before Charlie and it was easy for him to read Glass' expression. 'Put the emerald away and let me take the credit.'

Hastily shoving the emerald back in his pocket, Charlie watched with a churning gut as Glass swiped a hand over the air around Charlie, the floor, the ceiling, the wal, the blood and body matter disappearing. Just like magic.

Taking a shuddering breath, Charlie tried to calm himself enough not to be sick.

He'd kiled someone. Again.

Worse stil-the way he felt, the way the emerald felt- it was intoxicating. Exhilarating.

He felt invincible.

"Hel, I thought for a minute there he was going back to Mount Qaf for trial," Trey blew out a relieved breath.

"He wouldn't have anyway." Glass gestured to the bodies of the Jinn. "I didn't give you much time to realize it before I took them out, but these are sorcerers."

"Sorcerers? I don't understand. What are sorcerers doing here? Looking for Ari?"

Before Glass could answer the sound of chaos reigning from the back of the house met their ears. Cries of outrage mingled with the destruction of furniture. And then the gun shots rang out.

"My brother," Glass growled as al three of them rushed towards the sounds. "The Shadow King. Many of his servants are sorcerers. And I can smel his dishonor from here."

Adrenaline pumping, Charlie hurried after Trey and Glass, coliding with Trey in the doorway of Michael's office. In one corner Caroline fought hand to hand with what Charlie was sure was a human man. Michael was aiming a gun at him, trying to get a clean shot. On the floor were two more humans, a young man and a woman, and a third body with an energy pulsing from them. A Jinn. Not dead, Charlie registered, seeing the rise and fal of the male Jinn's chest. Or was it a sorcerer?

And in the corner, hovering above a glass cabinet where Michael displayed ancient weaponry he colected, was another Jinn. His long dark hair was braided over his shoulder, and like Glass, he wore a stark leather vest and leather trousers. His dark gaze bore into Glass, an amused smirk twisting his lips as he just floated there, cross-legged. "Just in time for the entertainment, brother." He swept his hand over the scene.

In a blur of movement, his speed so fast he was just a streak of black and blue across the room, Glass was behind the human man fighting Caroline. He placed a hand on his head and the man froze, shuddering, his eyes roling back in his head before one last gasp escaped his now frothing mouth. His dead knees gave way and he colapsed to the floor, Caroline jerking back out of his way, alowing her husband to draw her into his side. Michael looked at Glass with amazing calm, his gun stil held tightly in his left hand.

"What on earth is going on, Your Majesty?" he asked quietly, indicating the bodies around them.

"That's what I'd like to know," a voice very similar to Red's said very close to Charlie's ear.

In unison, both Charlie and Trey backed into the room, their eyes staring up into a familiar face.

A Jinn King.

They al looked so much alike.

This one had a hawk-like nose, and peering stern eyes that swept the room, lingering on Glass and The Shadow King who stil floated from his perch in the corner.

In golden silk robes with matching golden trousers, his upper body bare under the robe except for the large ruby that hung around his neck, this king was a strange mix of danger and light. His long hair spiled around his shoulders, so golden blonde it could be mistaken for strands of the precious metal. He was also the talest Jinn King Charlie had met. Taler even than Red or Glass.

Speaking of Red.

The air in the room seemed to grow shalow as Charlie stumbled back involuntarily. The Red King stepped into the room beside his brother, a few inches shorter than the golden king.

Four Jinn Kings in one room. Charlie's eyes nearly roled back in his head. It was almost how it had felt to stand before Azazil.

Both Red and his unknown relative were gazing up at Shadow in the corner. His eyes stil on Shadow, Red murmured to Michael, "Mr. Roe, this is my brother The Gilder King and founding father of The Guilds."

Caroline gasped and quickly dipped her head as her husband bent deferentialy towards The Gilder King. "Your Majesty, it is an honor to have you in my home,"

Michael acknowledged, his voice ful of awe. It was the first time Charlie had seen Michael flustered.

"The honor is al mine, Michael of the Roe Guild. I just wish it was under better circumstances." His dark eyes weren't even on Michael. He was glaring with

rancorous intent at Shadow. "What is going on here?"

Smirking, seeming completely untroubled that he was outnumbered by three of his brothers, The Shadow King slowly lowered himself to the floor. Charlie nearly gulped. Fuck, he was huge too. He shot a look at Trey who hid an inappropriately amused smile. This was so effing surreal.

"Whatever I have done, you should realy blame Red for it." Shadow shrugged, his smile ominous and sharp, like that of a shark's. His expressions were richer than his brothers, more somehow-as if he did not know how to hide his feelings. He reminded Charlie of The Gleaming King in that respect. "He told me to stop sitting around for White to tel me what to do. So I went to White and told him what to do."

"Ari, isn't here." Red curled his lip in disgust at him. "You're realy quite crap at this aren't you, Shadow?"

Charlie coughed, spluttering down a laugh at Red's use of the word 'crap'. The other kings were so formal compared to Ari's uncle. Wait. Charlie froze, his gaze drifting from Glass, to Shadow, to Red and to the massive Gilder. They were al Ari's freaking uncles.

"I know Ari isn't here you arrogant swine." Shadow roled his eyes. "I just sent some Jinn in to attack her. They have no idea who she is, just that I paid them a lot of money to do it. I did this to distract you. White probably has what he wants from her by now."

As if he knew how he would react, Trey was by Charlie's side in seconds, his hard grip curled around Charlie's upper arm, holding him steady and stopping him from doing anything foolish. He was grateful for it, because for a moment al he'd felt was utter fear and fury for Ari. What had the son-of-a-bitch done with her? And Falon? His heart thudded even faster. Falon was with Ari. The two of them were together.

They have Jai, a calm voice whispered to him.

As much as Charlie hated it, that calm reminder eased him a little.

Voice surprisingly cool, Red took a step towards Shadow. "What is White up to?"

"I'l stop you there." Gilder strode past Red until he was standing center in the room. Those bird of prey eyes of his spanned the room, taking each of his brothers in carefuly. "I came only to issue a warning. I may be neutral in this war at present, but that can easily change if any of you," his menacing gaze pinned Shadow to the wal,

"Aim to drag one of my Guilds into it again. These Guilds were created for balance," he spat, "To balance out the destruction our kind are so easily capable of. Bring that destruction upon what is mine and I wil choose the opposing side and we wil decimate everything that has ever held any meaning to you. Understood?"

The amusement seemed to leach from Shadow's face, like a mischievous little boy receiving detention for his misdemeanors. "Understood," he murmured and before Red or Glass could stop him, Shadow disappeared into the Peripatos.

Gilder sighed wearily and shot Red a look. "That goes for you too."

"Of course, brother." Red bowed his head. "I did not mean to bring harm upon The Guild."

"The faster this girl is dealt with the better. She should not exist," Gilder declared righteously. "I think, deep down, you both know that."

An almost imperceptible growl burrowed out from the back of Red's throat as he took a step towards Gilder. Glass mirrored his movements, stepping up behind

Gilder so he was surrounded. Charlie shivered at the unexpected darkness in Red's eyes. His whole being seemed to quiver with foreboding. "Just as you protect The Guild, I protect the girl. Any harm comes to her at your hands and we wil decimate anything that has ever held meaning to you."

Admirably cool, Gilder turned his head ever so slightly to acknowledge Glass' threatening presence behind him. He nodded, his golden hair faling across his face, hiding his profile from Charlie. "You have my word that I am remaining out of the war. I wil not bring harm to her."

Satisfied, Red and Glass stepped back like telepathic twins and immediately the purest, golden flames cascaded up around Gilder as he departed into the Peripatos.

Red shot Michael an almost frantic look. "Is Ari at the school in Connecticut?"

Michael nodded, his eyes troubled. "So is my daughter."

"I'l find them," Red promised and then turned to Glass. "Stay here. Protect them."

After receiving a militant nod from Glass, Red left them.

Cal it adrenaline, guilt, fear, worry, impatience, excitement, Charlie's heart just wouldn't stop racing, his whole body was trembling. He couldn't understand how Trey could just stand there so calmly, even offer Glass an amused smile as he cracked a joke about cleaning up the mess Shadow had made. He seemed more affable towards Glass than he had only fifteen minutes before, perhaps because Glass had stepped in front of him, protecting him. Charlie at least understood that. When someone saved your skin, you couldn't help but lose the hate for them.

The invisible and slick remnants of the slaughter Charlie had committed stil clung to his skin, to his clothes, to the sitting room wals and floors-to his soul. And as Charlie rubbed the emerald hidden in his pocket a part of him was disgusted by his own euphoria, but the bigger part of him knew that now... now he was strong enough to kil the Labartu.

How messed up was he, that he could be so focused on his revenge, when his best friend and the girl he was sleeping with were missing in action?

19 - You Crept into My Attic and Stole My Favorite Thing

The cabin was smal, but it had a fuly stocked kitchen and plumbing-although being as they were Jinn, starving or dehydration wasn't realy an issue when you

could conjure whatever the hel you wanted.

"It's not realy for Jinn," Jai answered Ari's unspoken question as she looked into the kitchen cabinets. "This safe-house-it's in case we need to bring a human client here," he finished on a hiss, puling the wet cloth away from his head.

Worried, Ari took the cloth from him and eased him around so she could see the wound. It was a gash across the base of his skul and was already healing. "You okay?"

"Yeah, it just nips as it sews itself back together."

"Yay Jinn super-healing," she murmured, her stomach stil churning.

What had happened felt so surreal. "Jai? Why were they working together?" she asked as he turned around slowly to face her. "The Jinn, surely they know working together is stupid if they al want me for themselves?"

Jai nodded and dumped the bloodied cloth into the sink. With a heavy sigh and tired eyes, he leaned back against the counter, his arms crossed over his chest.

"There was a mix of power out there. A couple were Marids- and pretty strong. I imagine they were the ones who convinced the lesser Jinn to attack. Probably paying them. The stronger ones would probably have duked it out over who got you once they actualy had you."

Shuddering at the thought, Ari made a gesture of agreement. It made sense-a horrible, sickening kind of sense. It had been one thing to discuss the probability of Jinn coming after her, but the reality of them attacking was so completely different. It was shocking. And terrifying. Kind of apocalyptic in its epic horror.

Stil shaking but trying not to, Ari shrugged. "So what now? Are you caling Falon?"

Surprise shot through her when he shook his head, his expression grave. "We can't trust anyone, Ari. They found you somehow, and the last time that happened it was one of the Roes who had betrayed us."

"So... what? What are we going to do?"

"If it's true, if the Jinn are after you, you're safer just with me. Running with me."

Aghast at the thought of leaving everyone, Ari shook her head. "No. What about Charlie? Trey? We can't just leave them!"

Expression implacable, Jai walked tentatively towards her as if approaching a wounded animal. He reached up to brush her hair gently off her face, his fingers trailing down her cheek until his thumb rested on the cut on her lip. Slowly, his mouth lowered to hers and he pressed the softest kiss to her wound. When he puled back, his eyes were inches from her, boring into hers with heat and dark emotion. "Al that matters is protecting you. If Sala hadn't arrived I don't know what I would have done.

We tried living our lives as normaly as possible, and I tried to give you what you want by agreeing to let you work for The Guild. But it almost got you taken, Ari.

Connections... connections right now are going to get you kiled. We'l try and get word to Charlie and Trey, but they're on their own just now. So are we."

The part of her that wanted to cry was fighting the darkness of the Seal. Her throat clogged with fear and exhaustion and while she didn't want to appear fragile, Ari thought it best to let the tears win over the Seal. They flooded down her cheeks and Jai cursed softly under his breath as he puled her into him, his arms wrapped so tight around her she could barely breathe as she soaked his t-shirt with her tears. "I want to be strong, Jai. I want to fight back, but the reality of every Jinn in the world knowing what I am is so much scarier than I thought it would be."

Gently, he pushed her away from him, his hands gripping her upper arms as he leaned down with fierce love in his eyes. "You did fight and you were strong. It was scary, Ari, but you fought. You didn't just stand there and take it. You fought. And you have to promise me, no matter what happens, that you wil always fight."

She nodded, sucking back tears brought on by shock. "I promise."

Jai's shoulders sagged in relief and he leaned over to place a gentle kiss on her forehead. Ari sighed. At least she stil had Jai.

"What now?" she asked again as he strode into the sitting area of the open-plan cabin. She absentmindedly looked for a glass, desperate for some water, as she waited on his reply.

"We'l crash here for a few hours, plan our next move. But we have to leave soon before someone starts checking out my father's safe-houses."

Ari's glass slipped from her hands and shattered into the sink as she heard the familiar hiss of flames behind her. She spun around, heart pounding, eyes wide with trepidation as they watched The White King's face burn at her through the flames of the Peripatos. He didn't even step out of it and Ari had no time to think, let alone act, before his long hand reached out, clutched hold of Jai and wrenched him into the flames with him. "Too late." He glared at her, her roar of disbelief folowing in the wake of their disappearance.

Silence reigned in the cabin except for the echoes of her own scream throbbing in her ears and the thuddity, thuddity, thuddity thud of her racing heartbeat.

White had taken Jai.

Tears spiled down Ari's cheeks as she bent over, trying to catch her breath. A strange keening noise escaped her as exhaustion and rage tried to take over. He knew. White knew about her and Jai.

He knew.

She colapsed to her knees, trying to draw breath, trying to shove the panic attack down. A panic attack would do her no good. It would do Jai no good.

Hands clenched into fists, Ari looked around for inspiration. Think. Think. Think!

White had Jai. He was going to use him to get to her. He would hurt him. And there was no saying how long he'd take to make his move. Ari had to get Jai back.

She was not sitting around waiting for White to come to her. No 'effing way! No matter what, she was getting Jai back.

Red! She screamed telepathicaly. I need you!

She waited.

Nothing.

Shit.

Was Red not talking to her now? Was she truly on her own? How could he not be talking to her? He was the one who had betrayed her?

Red! She yeled harder, pushing more energy into the cal. Help! I need you! Now!

Seconds...

Minutes...

Nothing.

Furious tears pooled in the corner of Ari's eyes and she thrust al that emotion into her energy, sweat roling down her forehead. RED! I NEED YOU NOW!

The crackle of fire brought Ari to her feet in relief, the sight of The Red King stepping out of the Peripatos a far more welcome sight than she'd thought it would ever be again.

"Ari." He sighed in relief as he came to a stop before her. "I've been looking for you."

"Yeah, wel your brother found me first," she spat out her hatred and was satisfied by his look of surprise as he took in her violent expression.

His lips pinched together. "What happened?"

Her mouth trembled, belying her fragility in that moment. "White took Jai."

"He found out about you," Red whispered, seeming almost sympathetic.

Ari didn't trust him for a second. "Was it you? You knew about me and Jai, I know you did. So did you tel Azazil? Did he tel White because he was bored?"

Red's face darkened and he took one menacing step towards her. "You'l remember who you're talking to, young lady. I kept your secret love affair with your

guardian to myself. I even kept it from my father, and believe me he is a little bit displeased to know I'm keeping things from him."

Not sure she believed him or not, and feeling stupid for the niggling tickle of hope she felt at the thought of Red being an aly again, Ari shrugged. "You or someone else, the result is al the same. White knows. And I can't promise that I won't do anything he wants to get Jai back- so we have to steal Jai back. And then Jai and I need to run."

"Run?" Red's brow furrowed in confusion.

"Al the Jinn know about me now."

"No. No they don't."

Heart lurching, Ari moved slowly towards her uncle as if she could pul those words out of him again. "What do you mean?"

"The Jinn that attacked at the school and the Jinn that attacked the Roes-"

"Attacked the Roes? What are you talking about? Charlie? Trey-"

"Are fine." Red held up his hands in calming gesture. "Everyone is fine. The Shadow King and White set the attacks up as a distraction so that Jai would lead you somewhere White could take him without fear of interference. He needed to be able to get in and out with Jai before you could use the Seal against him. I imagine the attack was also meant to piss off me and my father."

"So the Jinn don't know about me?"

"No. There are stil those curious about you, but as far as I'm aware, you're stil safe from them. For now at least."

Ari wished she could enjoy the feeling of relief but al her thoughts were centered on Jai. "I stil don't trust you. But I need your help."

"I don't know where White is, Ari. It could take weeks to find him." Red sighed, his eyebrows drawn together in displeasure. "Your best bet is to wait it out-wait for him to send you his demand. And we al know what that wil be-that you wilingly come to him in Mount Qaf, and in return he'l promise Jai wil come to no more harm until you've done whatever it is he wants you to do."

A rainstorm of anger was lashing inside Ari. "And what about Jai? In the time we take to wait here like puppets, what wil he be doing to Jai?" she shook her head.

"No. White wil get part of his wish. Me in Mount Qaf." She glared up at Red, her energy crackling at her fingertips. "Take me to Azazil. He'l know where White is."

"You understand what you're asking me to do?"

She nodded, fuly aware that Azazil would want something in return.

Her uncle opened his mouth as if to argue and then slammed his lips shut into a pinch, his whole face glowering at her. Then he sighed, nodding in acquiescence.

"Take me there now."

"Ari." He reached out to touch her arm, an almost affectionate gesture. "If I do this, you must promise me to remember that you have nothing to fear from Asmodeus or my father. No matter what they say or alude to, they won't hurt you. They can't."

Confused and suspicious of Red's cryptic plea, Ari jutted her chin out defiantly. "What are you talking about? What aren't you teling me?"

He shook his head, his mouth curved into a bitter smirk. "I can't tel you what you want me to tel you. You must understand, Ari. I am bound in loyalty to my father, but I promised Sala that I would do whatever I could to protect you. So al I can say is that you can walk into my father's palace without fear that he wil harm you...

personaly."

"So he could stil hurt the people around me, right?" Ari answered sadly, wearily. "He could stil hurt you?"

Red blinked, seeming astonished. That astonishment transformed into a slow smile that lit up his handsome face. "No, kid, he won't hurt me. But does that mean you care?"

Shrugging enigmaticaly, Ari replied, "About as much as you do."

With a very un-royal snort, Red took her hand and whispered to her to prepare herself.

20 - There are Toys Willing to be Played with.

And Others Who'd Rather Remain in the Box.

The urgency had dissipated; their kisses lazy, comforting. Charlie held Falon loosely, his hands on her hips, her legs wrapped around his waist as she sat propped up on the pool table in her parent's library. She felt warm and lithe, incredibly alive and sweet. She smeled of some kind of flower, but it must have been from her shampoo because Falon couldn't be bothered with things like perfume. Not like Ari who always smeled faintly like vanila.

Charlie immediately tried to push Ari from his thoughts. Only seconds ago he'd felt calm as he had done since Falon had returned home, safe and sound. Falon had that effect on him. It had been a huge relief to see the team she was with pul up at the house after driving directly home from Connecticut. Thankfuly, they'd gotten out of the attacks completely unscathed. Announcing that she'd promised Jai she'd wait for them, Falon hadn't wanted to leave the house in Connecticut until he and Ari returned to them. Then Red had shown up to give her the news and Falon had fled to Jersey to give The Guild the news: The White King had taken Jai and in a bid to get him back, Ari had fled to Mount Qaf to seek help from Azazil.

Days later, and there was stil no word from her.

The Glass King had stuck around, but what with Falon sneaking into Charlie's room at night and Trey constantly blocking any attempts Glass made to speak with him in private about the Labartu, nothing had progressed in that department. If Charlie were honest with himself, he'd admit that a part of him was enjoying the reprieve.

After the turmoil, those tumultuous emotions he'd ridden through after using the Mount Qaf emerald, he was scared. Scared of himself, his response, his disregard for...

everything else but the power it could give him.

"Mmm," Falon murmured puling back from their languorous kiss. "Where did you go? I lost you there for a minute."

"Thinking too much." Charlie shrugged apologeticaly.

"About Ari?" she asked quietly, a veil covering her expression and ironicaly giving away her vulnerability.

Charlie felt a spike of guilt and worry that he was hurting her. He was used to sleeping around with girls and walking away. Somehow, it hadn't turned out like that with Falon. They'd been together for weeks and he wasn't bored yet. If anything, he grew more intrigued by her every day. Unfortunately, the ache he felt whenever Ari walked into a room stil hadn't gone away. He wanted to move on. He just wasn't there yet. "I'm just worried," he tried to assure her. "I'm glad you're okay though."

Falon bit her lip, not meeting his gaze, her whole demeanor so un-Falon-like Charlie couldn't help but tense in anticipation of what was coming next. "Charlie..."

her breathing seemed a little shalow. "I think... I think I might realy care about you."

His shoulders dropped from where they'd hunched up at his ears, al his muscles relaxing as her words shot across his chest like warm water on a freezing cold day.

Reaching for her, he eased her chin up gently so she had to look him in the eye. "I realy care about you too. I don't know what I would have done without you these last few weeks."

"Realy?" Her smile was cocky again, putting them back on familiar territory.

"Realy."

"Good. Then you'l be okay with the fact that I'm coming with you when you go after the Labartu."

It was as if she'd thrown a bucket of ice water over al that warmth she'd created only moments before. Charlie felt the blood drain from his face at the thought of Falon anywhere near the bitch that had kiled Mikey. No way! And no way was he alowing her anywhere near him when he took his vengeance. He didn't want her or anyone else witnessing the kind of person he was going to have to turn into to do that.

"No," his voice was cold and unmoving as he stepped back from her.

Falon locked her legs around him, stopping his withdrawal. "Don't shut me out of this, Charlie. I can't stop you from doing this, but I can damn wel make sure you get out of it alive."

"I don't need you to keep me, alive." He shoved her legs off of him and backed away, flexing his hands in irritation. "And I don't need to be worrying about you and whether the rest of the Jinn world wil hold you just as accountable for that monster's death."

"This is suicide, Charlie! I understand your need for revenge but what about al the people who care about you? Me, Ari... even Trey! And have you spoken to your mother lately? Have you told her she's going to lose the only child she has left?"

"Shut up," he hissed, closing his eyes to the truth, to the pain. "I don't need this crap. Not from you! You're supposed to understand. You're supposed to get me."

"I do understand. I do." She was calmer now as she leapt agilely from the pool table and walked towards him. "I just don't want you to die."

He groaned.

How could he be mad at her for that?

Softening under her forthright gaze, Charlie sighed and puled her smal frame close, tucking her head under his chin. "You have to trust me." He thought of the emerald and told her confidently, "I know I'm getting out of this alive."

"But then you'l have to run, you arrogant a**hole. I'l never see you again."

"Bul. Of course you wil. We'l have clandestine meetings. It'l be hot," he promised and grinned when she chuckled, punching him playfuly on the arm.

The surge of energy in the room alerted them to another's presence and Falon puled quickly away so they could turn to face the intruder.

The intimidating Glass King gazed at Charlie from his stance at the doorway, his expression bland. Almost bored. "I hate to interrupt, but I've found Akasha... I've found your Labartu, Charlie."

This was always what Ari had imagined when she'd thought of genies. Unlike the cool elegance of the bedroom suite Red had placed her when visiting his part of Azazil's palace, the quarters the Sultan had placed her in was a riot of deep jewel colors and sensual luxury. The room was pure decadence. From its size, to the fittings and fixtures, and the wardrobe ful of clothes that Azazil had insisted she wear during her stay.

The bed sat in the center of the room, low to the ground, covered in silk cushions and taffeta throws. The bronze, Moroccan-style furniture was scattered elegantly here and there, and the walk-in closet was separated from the rest of the room by heavy, deep purple and gold damask curtains. Eerie-eyed but strangely beautiful female Shaitans saw to her every need, their almost constant presence rubbing Ari raw like rope on the wrist.

Days.

Days she'd been on Mount Qaf.

And many more to folow it, she feared.

It was Ari's own fault. After days of touring the palace grounds, wandering the market stals, and dining with Azazil and Asmodeus in the evening, Ari had finaly lost her patience. However, in an effort to be smart about her interactions with the Sultan, Ari had chosen her words carefuly as she'd politely asked Azazil at dinner two evenings before if he would mind teling her where White was keeping Jai.

Azazil had lowered his golden fork and knife and gazed at her with a speculative gleam in his eyes, a gleam that had sent invisible warning flags up Ari's spine.

Sure enough, he had wanted to play with her.

"I know where Jai is. I also know that your dear friend, Charlie, has discovered the location of the Labartu and has taken off after it."

Ari's heart had lodged somewhere in her throat as she stared incredulously back at the Sultan. Azazil's presence stil made her feel as if she'd been under water too long, and to look at him was like staring into a too bright bal of energy. His aura pressed against the skin with such force, Ari was always surprised she never stumbled back from him. Her thoughts had been chaotic as she looked at this ancient being. Not Charlie, she'd thought. Not yet, when she wasn't there to stop him. To protect him.

"Choose one." Azazil had flicked a huge jeweled hand at her. "And I'l help him."

Furious did not even come close to explaining how Ari had felt in that moment. Heartbroken. Betrayed. Disgusted. At him. At herself. How could someone be so cruel? And how could it have taken her only minutes to answer? How could she even have given him an answer? "Jai," she'd whispered, almost choking on her own guilt.

Azazil had smiled at her, a slight curving of the corner of his lips. What a cruel young man he'd appeared to be. But a cruel young man could be forgiven for being so young and unknowing. However, a being as old as the earth? Ari would have thought centuries of watching how love could make people do extraordinary things, would have chipped the cruelty out of him.

But then he'd also spent centuries watching how easily cruelty got its own way by turning love into a weapon.

"Jai it is then." He had smirked at Asmodeus who'd gazed at Ari uncaringly. "I wil make a pact with you, Ari. You remain here with me, indefinitely, and I promise to make sure that no harm shal befal either of your young men."

Her jaw had almost hit the table. "But why..." she'd begun before realizing she already knew the answer to her question. Why had he made her choose if he were going to save them both?

Because it amused him to toy with her emotions.

To watch her rip herself apart with the guilt.

"I want updates on them both." She had raised her chin in defiance, her gaze flicking between the two immortals. Azazil had continued to smile benignly, while Asmodeus had sat back with a glimmer of something other than boredom in his eyes.

"Done," Azazil had agreed.

"Then I'l stay indefinitely."

It was a stupid bargain to have made. Ari knew that now. Three days had passed and she'd stil heard nothing about Jai or Charlie's whereabouts.

She lay back on the luxurious bed she'd been given, staring at the ceiling carvings that had been painted over with gold. For once she was enjoying a moment alone from those insistent Shaitans. More like spies, she grumbled to herself, turning to curl up as her heart panged at the thought of Jai. Azazil had promised no harm would come to him. Did that mean he was free? If not, was he being treated wel? Time and time again, Ari had tried to telepath to him, but it only weakened her. It was useless. He was too far from her. And what of White? He wasn't hurting Jai, was he?

At the thought of White torturing Jai, Ari shuddered in pain.

"You wil give yourself bad dreams if you continue on like that."

Ari flew up into a sitting position, whirling around to find Asmodeus lounging on a chaise. She had been so lost in her thoughts she hadn't even heard or felt him enter her room. Tonight he was dressed in robes so dark his hair seemed to be lost in the silk as it spiled down his back. His long legs were stretched out in black leather, his upper body bare except for a gold torque around his neck. Dark, deadly eyes glittered at her, pinning her to the bed. She hated the way she felt around him. Scared, unsure... intrigued....

"What are you doing here?" she snapped, remembering Red's promise that she could not be harmed by Asmodeus. Seven days she'd been here. Seven days in this

strange, dark, lonely world. Despite everything, she wished Red would come back.

"Now is that any way to greet a visitor?" Asmodeus purred at her, reminding her of a large jaguar. Beautiful, but one slash of those claws....

"If I remember correctly, last time we were alone you were threatening my life."

"You misunderstood, that's al."

"What do you want, Asmodeus?"

"I'm bored. I am always bored, Ari. I thought you could entertain me."

A new fear shot through her and she involuntarily slid back on the bed, her chest seeming to cave in on her.

The Marid roled his eyes at her. "Not in that way. I have a harem. I do not need to take unwiling females to bed. Although... it has been some time since I've shared a bed with a virgin."

Fighting off a blush, Ari glowered at him. "I want you to leave."

"I want to stay." He shrugged. "I want to know more about the Seal."

"The Seal? Surely you know everything."

"No. I want to know about the Seal's effect on you."

Ari scrambled to her feet, trying to gain some equilibrium, but the room was so ful of tension it almost shoved her back down. "Why would I tel you anything?"

He moved so fast.

One moment he'd been lounging like an indolent lord and the next her head almost brushed his chest as he towered over her by at least a foot. His gaze was soft on her, and he was careful as he reached down to curl a strand of hair behind her ear.

Ari shivered.

And then immediately blanched, thinking of Jai. Taking a step back, she shook her head. "Are you trying to seduce the information out of me now, Asmodeus?"

That glimmer from earlier shone from the depths of his dark gaze. "You are a curious thing. You are nothing like her. But before... I could have sworn I saw her. It's not possible."

"What are you talking about?"

He shook his head. "Nothing. I am just musing aloud that is al."

"You should realy leave, Asmodeus."

"Why? Afraid you might succumb to my charms and betray your young Mr. Bitar the way you betrayed the sorcerer?"

A bolt of pure dislike for him shot through her, and he must have seen it in her expression for his own clouded over, his eyes narrowing dangerously.

"Why would I betray someone as good and kind and loyal as Jai Bitar for someone as souless and empty as you?"

Pain lanced through Ari's head as Asmodeus' hand shot out, clutching her hair and yanking it back as he puled her body into his. "Be careful," he whispered across her lips, his breath sweet and at odds with his words. "I told you I bore easily and when I'm bored I like to toy with people. Try not to upset me." He puled back to stroke her cheek almost tenderly. "Or I might decide you and your Ginnaye make pretty little toys."

And then he was gone in a blur of black, the door to her room slamming in his wake.

Ari sagged, faling to the bed, her legs trembling. She felt as though she'd just escaped being eaten by a jungle cat.

21 - Like Bitter Truth, Red on White is a Hard Stain to Remove

Under the wintry skies of Mount Qaf two warring Jinn Kings stood together on a large balcony overlooking the state of Zubair. It had not always been like this, Red thought, a little melancholy as he stared at his brother's cold profile. Once, before Lilif had poluted him against them al, White had been one of Red's closest confidantes. Glass and White had never seen eye to eye, however, and their constant clashes had put Red in the middle, until Lilif had used the volatile dynamic between the three brothers to poison White against Red, whom he always believed to have taken Glass' side in al things.

"Where have you been?" Red asked quietly, turning to stare out onto the vilage that winded down through the mountains and into the fog below.

White had only just returned to Zubair but Red already knew before he even arrived uninvited that Jai was not with him.

"Around. I am not giving you the Ginnaye, brother, so you can forget about it. You helped father corner Ari by sending that boy you changed into a sorcerer after the Labartu-"

"And you helped father by kidnapping Jai. He did what you were going to do, only he did it first."

"Father may have put protection around the Ginnaye, but that doesn't mean I have to let him go. He remains where he is, so you might as wel leave."

There were deep suspicions brewing inside of Red. After everything he'd learned, of Ari's dreams of Lilif, of what Kadeen had told him, he began to see what White's agenda realy was. And now he realized there was more to Azazil's decision to let Sala steal the Seal from Asmodeus. Perhaps, he even surmised Azazil's reasons correctly. For a moment, Red thought about blurting it al out to White, to crush his arrogance so he would see once and for al that no one would ever best their father. Instead, he chose a different tact. "The Seal is changing Ari. It's taking control of her more and more every day. There may come a point when she is unable to do as you wish because she wil no longer be Ari."

He saw the slight puckering of White's brows as he braced his hands on the balustrade, the gentle wind whipping his blue robes back and revealing the heavily decorated scabbard of an acinaces dagger strapped to his right side. White only wore it when he was going into battle. Hmm, Red frowned. His brother was growing al symbolic on him.

"How is that even possible?" White shook his head, disbelieving. "No. You're lying to me again."

"I have never once lied to you. Our mother did try to kil Glass, and she was going to kil us al. Her failure to kil Glass exposed her, so she went after Asmodeus and would have kiled him if father hadn't protected him."

"Wrong. Asmodeus was trying to kil mother. He was always father's little pet, doing his errands. Even if it meant kiling a once beloved sister."

How many times would they have this argument? Weary, Red turned to look directly at his brother, White's expression perfectly bland again. "I always wondered why mother gave up on this world. Now I have reason to believe that she had grown tired of watching the people she loved die over mortal life. She believed The After would be a place of peace for the Jinn. And she did not care how many of those Jinn had to die to achieve it. Her soul was not meant for eternal life, White. Too many centuries, too much pain... it warped her. I think our brother, Lucky, feels much the same. But he is strong enough to hide out in his land, away from al of this. Lilif...

she would have taken us al down to destroy the balance."

For a moment, there was silence between them, the only sounds coming from the conversation of the Jinn far below. Finaly White looked at him, his eyes blank of any expression, but his voice thick with emotion. "You did not know her as I did," he told him sadly, "From my youth she warned me of father and his too mercurial nature. She knew that one day he would be the end of things, and she reared me to be a soldier, to protect us al from that."

"The world is stil standing, brother, and it has been centuries since mother's death. Centuries."

White flicked a shoo-ing hand at him. "I am weary of having this same argument over and over again. Just... get out."

Just as frustrated, Red growled and strode towards the balcony doors. But some devil, some gnawing creature ate at him and he found himself spinning around to glare at White's back. "It took me a while to piece it al together."

Slowly, White looked back at him over his shoulder. "Piece what together?"

"Your agenda. When father told me of Ari's existence, I thought you'd done it to command father to his knees, to take his place. However, I realize now how foolish that thinking was, foolish to believe that you, you who believes so greatly in balance, would dare to do such a catastrophic thing. No. This is about Lilif. You believe she's stil alive and that father has her hidden somewhere. You wanted Ari to command the truth of her whereabouts from Azazil."

The blankness melted from White's eyes and they gleamed at Red with such hatred. But it wasn't hatred for him. Mostly. It was hatred for their father. "He didn't destroy her essence, Red. He lied. I can find it and her body with the help of Ari, and then mother wil be returned to us. With her, we can control father and restore the correct path of the balance. Together we can enforce the old ways. No more trespassing upon a brother's day of shaping destinies. I wil have my Thursdays back again and you your Tuesdays."

Such arrogance. Such blind arrogance. Red's mouth twisted as he shot White an almost pitying look. "The balance is not gone. Lilif tried to steal our essence to destroy the balance. When that failed, she remembered Azazil referring to her and Asmodeus' as two halves of the one whole. So she decided that stealing his essence would probably make her equal to Azazil. You inherited her arrogance, White. And you're a fool. A fool who could ever believe that Asmodeus was seduced by Sala.

He let her seduce the Seal from him because father told him to."

White whipped around, his whole body coiled with tension. "You lie!" he thundered, uncharacteristicaly losing his calm just as Red knew he would.

Feeling triumph at having broken through White's ice cold shield, he smiled sadly at him. "No. He wanted you to have it. And my question is why? Why, I ask you?"

Red believed he knew why, but that was more information than he was wiling to betray to White. For now, he just wanted his brother to realize that he was in over his head, and always had been.

"You lie," he repeated softly. "No. You lie. Just leave." He turned to gaze blindly out into the mountains. "Just leave. And you can tel your precious niece that I wil never hand the Ginnaye over to her, until she agrees to do as I ask."

22 - Borrowed Ember

Anger. It simmered beneath the surface. Waiting. Why did people always say 'simmer' when they spoke of anger? But as Ari watched Asmodeus as he led her deeper into the cavern, she knew the answer to her own question. Even buried anger never sat stil... it was always shaking, s-s-s-simmering, ready for the time when the concrete pavement keeping it buried broke apart under the devastation of whatever earthquake had finaly set its keeper off. Then there was no stopping the geyser of molten emotion that spewed out to take down anyone in its path.

Ari's anger-at herself, at Azazil, at this Marid before her-was growing more impatient every day. So impatient it had awoken the Seal. Her whole body felt

drenched in the Seal's darkness, as if she was fighting to wade through its tar every time she took a step. Its whispers grew louder every day, pressuring Ari into commanding to be alowed to leave.

She was an idiot. A damn, unthinking idiot. Despite al her promises to herself that she wouldn't let the Jinn Kings and their father use the people she loved against her, al it had taken was watching White's blank eyes as he stole Jai into the Peripatos to send her spiraling into a panic. So afraid that her fear would wake up the Seal, that the Seal would use her, Ari had let Azazil use her.

When left alone in her room in the palace the Seal's paranoia would whisper to her, burying its opinions deeper into Ari's mind. But whenever Asmodeus came near her, the whispers quieted, cowed by him somehow, and Ari was a little more herself again. So now, once again, in the hopes of hushing the Seal she'd alowed herself to be taken on this strange tour of Azazil's lands with Asmodeus.

They'd gone down to the lower level of the palace grounds to the market again, where Ari had watched the Jinn selers and customers step warily out of Asmodeus'

way, dipping their heads in deference as he passed through with cold indifference. He barely spoke to Ari, and when he did his words were clipped, and she knew she should be wary of why he'd asked her to join him today when it seemed he could not stand to be around her. But... Ari was more afraid of the Seal. She was losing herself to it.

In her darkest moments these last few days, Ari had begun to wonder if leaving Mount Qaf was even a good idea anymore. She couldn't put Jai, Charlie and the people she cared about in danger. And she was dangerous now.

And so, so angry it hurt her to her very fingertips.

Blinking back tears, Ari took a calming breath, trying to shove down the panic attack she felt coming on. To annoy Asmodeus she'd proclaimed she was bored in the exact same tone he'd always say it. It had earned her a rare smile from him and he'd decided to take her down to the mines.

The Jinn miners-looking nothing like human miners, in their brightly colored shirts and harem pants-had al drawn to a stop as Ari and Asmodeus appeared at the gates of the mines. It had taken them an hour to wind down through the fog, passing homes Ari had never seen before, noticing how, ironicaly, the homes grew less lavish the further down they traveled. She did not dare to peer over the edge of the roads that had been carved into the mountains, but Ari was certainly curious just how far down they went. Explaining that the mines moved every year, Asmodeus had led her through the gates and stopped to speak quietly to a worker who carried a barrel filed with hundreds of glittering emeralds. Awed by the beauty of the gemstones, Ari had been entranced for a moment before a cough had drawn her gaze up.

Asmodeus had smirked at her.

"I would not think about stealing any if I were you." He'd pointed toward a tal female.

She'd glowered at Ari, her strong muscular body garbed entirely in black, reminding Ari of a Japanese Ninja. Glancing around, Ari had noted in amongst al the color of the workers, more Jinn dressed in the same black 'uniform'.

"Guards," Asmodeus had explained, returning to her side so he could take her gently by the arm. The workers had scurried to bow to him as he strode past. "They are here to make sure no one steals the emeralds. They're Jinn who guard treasures."

"Treasures..." Knowing what kind of Jinn they were Ari had immediately been reminded of Teruze, the Jinn who protected Luca Bitar's treasures, and with the

thought of Teruze came the thought of Jai. Ari missed him. She missed him so much it was an aching pain in her entire body. She wanted to tuck her head in the crook of his neck and inhale the spicy exotic scent of him; she wanted to feel his strong arms around her waist, his lips brushing her ear. She'd gasped at the lance of pain in her chest as she thought of the Seal and of the fact that she might never see Jai again because of it.

Slanting her a look, Asmodeus seemed to have heard the gasp but ignored it, continuing onward. Ari had folowed him, praying that numbness would take over her body so she didn't have to feel anymore. Darkness had engulfed them as Asmodeus strode into the mouth of a cavern further back on the site, where there were fewer workers miling around. With a wave of his hand, the cavern lit up, and Asmodeus had released his hold on her to journey further inside.

So here she was. Alone in a cavern with Lieutenant Asmodeus. Another foolish move no doubt.

"Every time an emerald is chipped out of the rock," he said suddenly, running a hand over the wal he'd stopped beside, "another emerald appears in its place." He turned and shot her a boyish smile so disarming it immediately made Ari suspicious. "One of the few mysteries in these worlds."

Why had he brought her here? Ari heaved another big sigh at the feel of her chest constricting, pushing the first symptom of her panic attacks back down. Red had promised her Asmodeus couldn't hurt her. But then again, Red had also gone behind her back and destroyed Charlie's future.

"It shouldn't be possible." Asmodeus shook his head as he studied her.

"What shouldn't be possible? The emerald?"

His eyes narrowed and he ducked his chin, his gaze so focused Ari had to fight off a shiver of intimidation. "I have a theory I'd like to test."

Wel, that didn't sound good. That didn't sound good at al. "A theory?" Ari asked, her feet wanting to back her away from him, but her pride teling her not to let the bastard know he frightened her. "What theory?"

He responded with a lazy shrug. His thick silence began to pop the oxygen molecules in the room until Ari's breathing grew shalow again. Finaly, his lips tilted up at the corner in a smirk she thought she was beginning to understand. The threat of him-of whatever it was he wanted from her-was back. "Before you made the deal with Azazil for the Ginnaye's safety... White tortured Jai."

If he'd fired a shotgun bulet into her, it would have had the same impact. Ari staggered back from the words, their suggestion as powerful and as painful as being hit by that Haqeeqah. "No," she breathed.

"Oh yes." Asmodeus was walking slowly towards her now. "He strung him up and started with the basics. A cat-o-nine-tails ripped at his back until the stubborn brute finaly let out a grunt of pain...."

No. Ari shook her head, the cavern beginning to spin around her. No.

"...and I think you were probably taking your first amusing little trip around the marketplace when White puled out the tar. Oh that must have hurt..."

"Stop," she whispered hoarsely, feeling her limbs grow hard as the Seal fought for dominance. "You're lying..."

"...then there were the nails in the feet. Oh and don't forget the starvation..."

Let me out, Ari. I'll make him stop. Together we can make it stop. Stop him! Stop HIM! STOP HIM!

"... I think I most admired when White shapeshifted to look like Jai's father as he beat him with a belt. He used al those painful memories to torture that boy's soul.

That's realy when the screaming started. There were even tears. And you were here, playing guest, doing nothing to stop it-"

"STOP!" she shrieked, the noise causing the cavern to tremble.

And suddenly it was as though she were looking out through someone else's eyes, buried behind the thoughts and emotions of another person.

Asmodeus had stiled, his eyes wide with surprise as his mouth fel open. "I knew it."

The person she was inside opened the mouth of the body they shared, and Ari could feel the strange but familiar woman's triumphant thoughts as she began to

command Asmodeus to his knees.

The words didn't even get a chance to fal from their shared lips.

He was a streak, a blur of movement towards them before the curtain fel and everything grew dark and silent.

***

The familiar feeling of a hard floor beneath her brought Ari to consciousness with an aching head and shoulders. She groaned, curling onto her side, feeling every muscle twinge and bone creak as she did so. As the fog of unconsciousness lifted, Ari became aware of Azazil's powerful presence pulsating across her body like waves lapping at the shore. Quickly she tried to remember what had happened, images of Asmodeus and the cavern flying across her vision.

Jai.

Her eyes slammed open and the pain in her chest was back as she remembered what Asmodeus had told her.

"Relax," Azazil's deep voice captured her ears. "Asmodeus was lying to you about your Ginnaye, Jai. He was never harmed by my son. Only imprisoned."

Hope gloated at her, teling her she weak as she lifted her head and turned to look up at Azazil. He was seated on a glass chair in front of a barren fireplace.

Casting a quick glance around, Ari found herself in the smal chamber. There was little furniture or decoration, just cold stone wals that glittered with emeralds and flagstone floors beneath her. She stiled, her eyes narrowing in hatred as she became aware of Asmodeus' presence. He stepped out of the shadows to stand by

Azazil's side. "Why?" she asked him bitterly.

"He is your trigger." Asmodeus was a bored school boy again as he shrugged at her. "I needed to unleash the Seal to see if I was correct about something."

"So Jai is okay?" Ari's heartbeat thundered in her ears.

"Jai is fine. Stil imprisoned, but unharmed."

Disbelief and betrayal wrenched her from the ground and she stumbled inelegantly to her feet to gaze up at the Sultan, desperately fighting her rage and the Seal. That last time had been terrifying. The Seal had truly taken over her, and she'd known what the Seal was. Whom it was. She gasped, her anger at finding out Jai was stil imprisoned dissipating as she turned to gaze wide-eyed at Asmodeus. "Lilif," she whispered.

Asmodeus gave her a mocking smile of congratulations.

"I don't understand." Her chest felt too tight again.

Azazil lifted a bejeweled hand to draw her attention. "When Lilif dared to take the essence of Asmodeus from him-the one being she loved above al others-I

knew I could no longer sit idly by. The problem, my dear Seal, is that Lilif-like myself, my sons and Asmodeus-is part of the balance. I feared kiling her would tear too deeply at the seams, so I separated her essence from her body and hid them where no one could find them. It meant she was gone without realy being gone. The only son who realized I hadn't destroyed her essence was White. I am grateful for the distrust between him and his brothers. It has kept it a secret from al else. It has kept White silent. Silent but persistent.

Centuries passed. I grew weary. A little bored, I suppose." He shrugged carelessly. "And along came King Solomon, whom I knew was destined to have his place in religious history. Something about him reminded me of Lilif in her youth. She had been so eager for more, so eager for power. So eager to be extraordinary.

Sometimes I would return to the place I had kept her essence just to feel her around me, and one day I had a thought. Jinn can take another Jinn's essence and trap them within a Jinn body, but the essence is never truly gone unless it is in another body. I didn't want that then. Someone having her power inside of them. But it was a shame to waste the power so I took her essence and I trapped it in the Seal. The ring was cast with my own magic, the only thing powerful enough to trap her essence in metals and I divided that essence into light and dark so that Solomon could command good Jinn with the brass part of the Seal and command the evil with the iron part of it. It was so beautifuly poetic, Ari. My Lilif's power out in the world again, but reined in by me as I had always wanted. The brass and iron stamps were merely for my own enjoyment. I've always been intrigued by the concept of good and evil.

But Solomon failed just as Lilif had done. He could not live up to my ideal of the ring. He abused it." His features hardened. "So I sent him into the desert to die and replaced him with Asmodeus, who fulfiled his destiny for him. After that, I asked Asmodeus whether he would like me to return her essence to its hiding place or whether he would like to guard it as it was."

"You already know what I chose," Asmodeus interrupted quietly.

"Why?" Ari felt like crying at the knowledge of what had been placed inside of her by her father. "And does The White King know what it is he has done to me?"

"No," Asmodeus replied. "He doesn't realize that what he's looking for is the actual Seal. He thinks the Seal wil procure what he's looking for. As for your former question... my reasons are my own."

"No one knows that Lilif's essence existed within the Seal. Although, I expect my clever sleuth of a son, Red, has surmised the truth by now after learning of your dreams and paying a visit to an old friend of mine." Azazil seemed to take in Ari's searching, burning eyes with little feeling as he continued his story, "I admit to being intrigued when I discovered White's plans to steal the Seal and use it to conceive a child who would carry its properties within her or him. He thought he was merely creating a conduit for his scheme to find Lilif's body and essence, whereas I was curious if Lilif's essence, so naturaly placed within a Jinn, would bring her back into the balance without the danger of her madness. So I ordered Asmodeus to let your mother seduce him for the Seal."

"Oh my God." Ari felt like she'd been kicked in the stomach. "It was al you. Al this time, it was al you."

"I wanted you for myself. I wanted to see if, through you, I could have a Lilif the way my Sultana was always meant to be. She was supposed to be light and dark.

True, she was always heavier on the dark and Asmodeus always heavier on the light, but there was always a balance. Until she let the darkness destroy her. But through you there was hope that at least her power could exist as it should have." He dropped his head, seeming almost sad. "But Asmodeus, unaware of my true hopes, grew suspicious of what the Seal was realy doing to you. When you argued, your eyes changed to black like Lilif's and your whole being reminded him so greatly of her, that he decided today to trigger the Seal and see once and for al if his suspicions were correct."

"What suspicions?" she asked, taking a step back, but the fear in her gut was teling her she already knew what he was about to say.

"That Lilif's essence is escaping the Seal and fighting to take control of you."

"How is that even possible?" Ari whispered. "I thought the essence was just the power?"

"Lilif is no ordinary Jinn, Ari. She is almost as old as I. No Jinn was ever meant to carry her essence within them. I see that now."

"So I'm what? An experiment gone wrong?" she spat.

He shrugged. "Succinctly put. Now I think we should take the Seal back before Lilif causes any more damage."

Back? Back... back would mean kiling her. Right? Oh God, she despised them! Ari wanted to destroy Azazil, she wanted to command the damn son-of-a-bitch to

his knees... and Lilif was in there ready to help her to do it...

As if sensing the danger within her, Asmodeus began to move a hand and Ari felt the gathering of his power in the air. She blew back from him using her newly found speed and held up a hand. "Stop!" she commanded and both Azazil and Amosdeus' expressions darkened, like thunder clouds roling over a sky that had only moments ago been calm.

To al of their surprise Asmodeus took a menacing step forward, the Seal's command seeming to have no effect on him.

"Stop, Asmodeus!" she cried out in desperation, her hand flying up as if to pulse the power of the Seal out of him.

He kept coming.

"Stop," Azazil commanded quietly and Asmodeus immediately turned to give him a quizzical look of frustration. "The Seal does not work against you. Did you know this?"

Asmodeus shook his head, a bewildered, feral look in his eyes. "No, Your Majesty, I did not."

Smiling now, Azazil stood up, his smug expression terrorizing Ari. "Wel, this changes things slightly. Not for you." He flicked Ari a careless look. "But for Asmodeus. I was going to destroy the Seal and place Lilif's essence back in hiding. But..." he smiled as if amused, "The Seal is almost mythical in its existence. It excites my people. It chalenged my son to draw up a quite briliant plan, even though it backfired on us al. And here is Asmodeus, immune to the Seal. The perfect protector. Why not alow it to remain here, with you, Asmodeus? It's only fitting since it is your sister's being. The Seal was safe with you my friend for centuries, and clearly for a reason. So... what wil it be? Ari as a pet? Or the ring back around your neck?"

Considering his options with a penetrating run of his eyes over Ari's body, the Lieutenant finaly shook his head and Ari wasn't sure if that was regret she read in his eyes, or only her own wishful thinking. "I think I'd prefer the ring around my neck. This one is too dangerous to have around."

Azazil nodded, seeming to understand Asmodeus' enigmatic comment. "Oh don't worry, Ari." Azazil's expression was bland again. "Recovering the Seal may or

may not kil you. We have no way of knowing. Your destiny is very-for lack of a better word -blurry, at the moment."

Ari took a step back, her thoughts whirring around inside her head. Okay. She couldn't live with Lilif inside her. She knew that. She did.

A momentary shot of terror gripped her heart as she realized she might die either way. But as she fought to control her breathing and relax the way Jai had taught her, Ari let herself think about it. Sacrificing herself meant Lilif would be kept imprisoned. Surely that was worth the sacrifice?

But if she offered to sacrifice herself and there was a chance that she actualy made it out on the other side, she was getting something of worth out of it.

"Come any closer and I'l command Azazil to kil you before you even make a move," Ari told Asmodeus softly.

The room darkened as Azazil's energy thickened with what Ari assumed was his anger. "What do you want?" he asked shrewdly.

Ari drew in a shuddering breath. "If I die, you save Jai and let him return unharmed to his tribe."

"Done." He nodded, his expression one of utter boredom.

Ari narrowed her eyes. "And-"

"And?" Azazil sat forward now, his eyebrow raised in haughty enquiry.

"If I do this wilingly, and I live, then I get to cal in a favor."

"I thought that was your favor."

"No, that was just a gesture of good wil."

He smirked at that. "If your favor then is for the sorcerer, I cannot save him if he kils the Labartu. I am sorry. That is out of my hands."

Dammit. Ari forced down her helpless tears. They were of no use to her here. "Fine. But I stil want a favor if I survive. And I want your oath that you'l give me whatever it is I ask of you."

She flicked a gaze at Asmodeus to see his eyes gleaming at her again, as if he almost respected her in that moment. As she turned to find Azazil's answer, she saw he was smiling, as if enjoying himself immensely. "You have my oath that if you survive, I wil grant you a favor-if it is within my power to do so."

"Done."

Asmodeus was a blur, his glowing fist crashing down into her chest before Ari had even blinked. Shocked agony tore through Ari as his dark eyes bored into her pleading ones. I am sorry, his voice whispered inside her head. Or had she just imagined it?

It was with relief that his fist withdrew from her, light pulsing between the cracks in his fingers. They uncurled slowly, and the throbbing bal of ember in his palm was the last thing Ari saw before the sweet relief of dying pain swept her away on its tides.

23 - At Least Take My Shield When You Go Into Battle

For two years the Labartu, Akasha, who had kiled Mikey and left the Creagh family to drown in their own devastation, had not left the United States. Ari's strong aura of power when she'd turned sixteen and broken the protection magic Sala had placed around her, had drawn Akasha to Sandford Ridge when she'd been nearby with another victim. But after kiling Mikey, and hungry for new victims and new places, she'd quickly moved on.

According to The Glass King, Akasha had been hopping from State to State for a number of years, although there had been a period of three months when she'd

disappeared (his guess to Mount Qaf), leaving The Guild who had been tracking her to scramble to find her when she returned.

Her hunger, her vile and wicked evil had led Charlie to this moment-to this motel room in Alief, Southwest Houston. The motel was situated just off of the

Southwest Freeway, the constant flow of traffic buzzing in the near distance was the only thing to break the silence of Charlie's despair.

When Glass had told Charlie he'd found Akasha, Charlie had lied to Falon. He'd promised her that he wasn't going anywhere until he knew that Ari was okay.

Before Red had given him the emerald, that probably would have been true. He would have waited for word from her. He even might have attempted some stupid-ass rescue mission.

But not now.

Whatever fear he'd felt after using the emerald had begun to recede with its proximity again. It had begun to recede when Glass had come to him with news of Akasha's whereabouts. He was on the cusp of his revenge and consumed with the need to use the emerald again; the lingering taste of its incredible power provocative and beckoning.

So with Falon convinced he was going nowhere, Charlie had approached Glass and asked him to take him to the Labartu. They'd traveled using the dizzying rush that was the Peripatos to a smal, dark room off of Route 59 in Houston.

Then The Red King had shown up to destroy everything, Charlie thought bitterly.

No need for words of explanation, his face grim as he'd looked upon Glass, Red had simply said, "We've done what father wished of us. No more. We're done

here."

"But... what?" Charlie had asked in a rush, in a panic. "We're in Houston, Texas. Houston! How the hel am I supposed to find Akasha in a city this huge by

myself?"

That was the point, Charlie had suddenly realized, taking in Red's blank expression with absolute disbelief and bitter disappointment. Without their help, Charlie couldn't find Akasha in time.

Red was trying to keep his word to Ari.

Before Charlie could try to argue his corner, the two Jinn Kings had disappeared into the flames.

He would always just be a human kid who'd been granted some power from those guys. He couldn't feel out Jinn yet from great distances. Al he had was an emerald and what Glass had taught him.

And that would have to be enough.

Damning the consequences, Charlie had conjured a credit card to pay for the room at the motel. He conjured food that didn't belong to him after spending day in and day out troling the streets for Akasha, hoping that if he got close enough, he'd feel her. It was quite the task, annoying and frustrating as he had to avoid the worst neighborhoods. The last thing he wanted was to accidentaly kil a human bent on holding him at gunpoint for whatever was in his walet.

The search felt pointless.

Nothing.

Stil nothing.

But he couldn't give up.

He couldn't leave.

An impatient knock broke through Charlie's miserable stupor, his heart suddenly pounding as he stared at the motel room door. Wary and clasping the emerald in his pocket, Charlie took slow steps towards to the door, peering through the peephole to see what kind of visitor he had.

Shock and anger, mingled with a strange sense of relief shot through him as he ripped the door open.

Falon glared up at him in the dim light.

"How did you find me?"

Pushing past him with a familiar huff, Falon threw her bag onto one of the twin beds and whirled around to face him, her spiky, short hair flying around her pretty face. "Glass told me. He's stil watching over my guild and Trey."

Chin jutting out stubbornly, Charlie shook his head. "I'm not leaving until I find her."

Stil glowering at him, Falon nodded as she slowly sank down onto the bed. "I knew you'd say that, that's why I brought snacks and enough talismans and stones to conjure more, and whatever else we need."

What? Charlie raised a questioning eyebrow.

She huffed again. "I know you're just trying to protect me by running off without a word and pissing me off, but I'm just trying to protect you too. I'm not going anywhere. If you're going to find and take down this bitch, then I'm going to help you do it."

Attempting to ignore the ache in his chest and the way it seemed to constrict with way too much feeling, Charlie merely nodded. A little dumbstruck, he slowly closed the motel door and the rest of the world out, and successfuly closed himself in with this girl who had come out of nowhere and changed a big part of the game.

"You said you would protect her."

Red spun around, torn from his own disbelief, his own musings, to face Sala. She stood in the entrance to his bedroom chamber, seeming uncaring that any Shaitan who passed may see her. With a furious flick of his hand, the door slammed shut behind her. Before he could admonish her, the pain in her eyes finaly registered along with her accusation.

He'd done everything he could to protect Ari: skirting around his father's orders, keeping things from him, investigating him... discovering the truth...

Sighing and in no mood for a passionate argument with Sala, Red shrugged wearily. "I left Charlie to his own devices and I imagine Akasha wil be long gone before he ever finds her. As for Jai, yes, I cannot find him, but I am assured by my brother and father that he has come to no harm, nor wil he."

Sala's eyes blazed at him now and Red almost flinched back from the hurt in them. "And what of Ari? You said you'd protect her!"

Scowling, Red nodded. "I am protecting her. She is safer here in Mount Qaf with my father than she is anywhere else. The Seal, its properties, they are important to him. Azazil wil protect her."

"Then why do I feel like something is wrong?" she hissed angrily. "I think she is dying, Red. I've always felt her here." She beat a fist against her chest. "But I feel like the rope that tethers me to her is fraying."

Shaking his head as dread settled over him, Red went with denial first. "No. Ari can't be harmed. I know she can't."

"A mother knows, Red." Sala shook her head and a tear fel down her cheek, hammering the dread firmly around Red's heart.

Mind racing, he tried to think what to do. What could possibly have happened? Was it White? It couldn't be Azazil?

Asmodeus?

Cursing, Red gave up guessing and strode determinedly towards Sala. He wiped the tears affectionately from her face and whispered, "Get back in the Cloak where I know you'l be safe. I'l cal on you when I know what's happening."

"What are you going to do?"

"Grab my healer and get to my father's palace as soon as possible."

24 - The Night is Immune to the Day but Addicted to the Light

"You really love what you do, don't you," Ari commented softly, sitting across from Jai in Michael's small gymnasium. Fallon had disappeared on them

and Jai had finally called their training day to an end.

But instead of heading upstairs to shower before dinner like they always did, they both found themselves lingering, enjoying this rare moment alone. Jai was sitting down, leaning against the wall by the French doors, his strong hands dangling over his bent knees. He seemed relaxed for once. He had been

working Ari pretty hard these last few weeks and she knew it was because he wanted her to be able to take care of herself, in case he couldn't be there to protect her. Ari didn't even want to dwell on that. It didn't bear thinking about. But taking pleasure in being able to study him uninterrupted, Ari wished Jai would worry a little more about himself and less about her. His eyes were tired, he looked a little leaner and he hadn't shaved in a few days. For the

moment, he was just covered in bristly, sexy fuzz that made him look older, but in a few more days he'd have a full-on beard going on.

"What do you mean?" he asked with a slight smile, seeming also to take pleasure in the sight of her lying on her side along the edge of the training mat, her bent arm holding her head up so she could drink him in.

"Being Ginnaye. A protector. A guardian."

"It's the only thing I was ever good at."

A sharp stab of regret bit into her. "And I've taken you away from it," she murmured, her gaze dropping so she wouldn't see his expression confirm it.

"I'm still doing my job, Ari."

"You know what I mean."

At his silence, Ari couldn't help but look back up at him. He was frowning at her, and Ari might have confused it for a scowl if it hadn't been for the soft tilt on the left side of his mouth that told her he was bemused, not angry. "Ari, it's just a job."

She guffawed at that. "You would never have said that two months ago. Two months ago it was your whole life."

Her melancholy must have shown on her face because Jai got up with a big sigh only to lower himself down beside her, her bent knees curving around his

back. "Ari, the reason I loved my job was because I was looking for acceptance. I know that now."

Drawn by his proximity, addicted to it even, Ari sat up so their bodies were turned into one another. "So you're really okay about being here?"

He reached out to touch her cheek gently, and as if mesmerized by the feel of her, he forgot what he was about to say, his eyes following the rough tips of his fingers as they trailed a line down her cheek, across her neck, along her collarbone, before slowly drawing to a stop on her sternum. By now Ari's

breathing was erratic, her chest rising and falling, willing his fingers to slip further down. Her eyes were glued to his face, waiting for his next move.

Finally, he blinked, clearing his throat as he came back to himself. But his eyes were a little brighter than before as he raised them from her chest to meet her gaze.

"Why are you asking me this again?" his voice was deeper, rumbling. "I told you when you asked me the first time to come with you that I'd do anything

to protect you."

"That doesn't mean you don't miss your life before."

"You're right," he agreed. "I liked my job. But I was indifferent to my life. And you changed that."

She couldn't help but smile at his meaningful look, butterflies beating their wings inside her chest instead of her belly. "You know what else has

changed?"

"What's that?"

"You're a lot more loquacious."

Jai laughed, a soft rough sound that thrilled her. "Loquacious is a good word."

"It is a good word. That's exactly what I was thinking when I read it in a book last night. I was, like, I do not use that word enough. So I decided I was going to use it in a sentence today."

He chuckled again, but the look in his eyes had grown more serious. "You're so adorably weird, you know that."

"Good idea to add the adorable part."

Jai cocked his head to the side as if he were thinking deeply on the matter. "Yeah. It was. I think I'm getting good at this boyfriend crap."

Ari burst out laughing, shaking her head. "Oh, I think you may need to work on it a little more. Boyfriend crap?"

They shared amused smiles until eventually a comfortable silence crept over them as they gazed at one another.

"I suppose we better get going," Jai eventually said softly.

But Ari didn't want to leave, and she didn't think he did either.

Instead of replying to that, Ari reached out to run her fingers over the scruff on his cheeks. "You need to shave," she whispered, loving the feel of his bristly whiskers against her skin. It was weird, but she wanted to kiss him right then just to feel the burn of those whiskers scraping against her skin. Like he would be marking her as his somehow.

Jai had grown still under her touch, his eyes darkening in a way Ari had come to recognize. It matched her own excited hunger. Needing to be closer to

him, she slid along the mat until they were pressed together and then she slowly curled her arm up around his neck, bringing her left cheek to his right as she nuzzled him like a cat, his two day beard abrading her soft skin.

Jai's breathing sounded shallow in her ear as she felt his arm slip around her back, his fingers kneading her muscles. She turned her head, inhaling him, before pressing her lips to his cheek, a hot sensual press of her mouth to the corner of his. There was nothing innocent about that kiss and Jai's hold on her tightened.

"I miss you," she breathed deeply.

"Ari..." Jai groaned, but before he could respond she pulled back, biting her lip in anticipation. "What?" he asked, his fingers brushing lazy patterns on her spine.

"Take your shirt off," she ordered gently, her voice low and husky. She liked how it sounded-hoped it would be enough to convince him to give into her

request. Ari bit her lip harder to stop the smile that awoke inside her as Jai's eyes narrowed with intensity at her husky demand.

"What?"

"I just want to see you. I miss you. All of you."

"You want me to take my shirt off here? Where we could get caught?"

"If anyone walks in they'll just think we're training. I've seen you train without your shirt on before."

He didn't look convinced but as if deciding he wanted to cater to her whim anyway, Jai stood up with a grace Ari both envied and lusted after. His strong, masculine grace was one of the hottest things about him.

Ari's breathing grew strained as Jai stared down at her. He was completely focused on her, his gaze never wavering as he offered her a little strip tease, reaching for the hem of his t-shirt and raising it inch by slow inch until it was up over his head and then discarded on the mat beside her.

She'd seen him shirtless before, but she'd somehow forgotten over the weeks just how... wow. He was honed and roped.

He had a warrior's body.

So hot.

Taking hold of his hand, Ari started to rise and Jai's fingers automatically tightened around hers as he helped her up. Standing now, Ari still had to tilt her chin to meet his gaze.

"Now what?" his voice was hoarse.

"I just want to touch you."

His eyes flashed and he grew still, as if considering whether or not it was a bad idea. Finally he nodded. "Okay."

Excitement pulsed through Ari as she tentatively let her fingers fall against his stomach. It rippled under the lightest of touch and Ari felt her lower belly tingle at the affect she had on him. That she had that much power over him. It made her insecurities over his sexual experience and her inexperience melt away. Feeling bolder, she ran her hand up the center of his six-pack, tracing the ridges of the muscle. His olive skin was silky beneath her touch, silk over pure steel. She'd read that somewhere in a cheesy romance novel Rachel had given her, but God, did it fit. She was finding it a little harder to breathe evenly as her touch reached his hard pecs. When her fingers brushed his nipple Jai moaned and Ari's eyes flew to his. They were blazing down at her and Ari felt that look like an explosion in her lower belly. Encouraged, breathing completely ragged now, Ari leaned closer and pressed her lips to his chest, whispering butterfly kisses across his skin and reveling in the way his chest had begun to rise and fall more rapidly.

Some devil crawled inside of her and her hand backtracked, sliding slowly downwards, slipping over his abs until she hit the waistline of his jeans. At the same time as she tickled her fingers along his lower abdomen, Ari pressed a kiss over his nipple, her tongue tentatively flicking over it.

Jai cursed, his voice low and guttural. He grabbed her by the elbows and pulled her into him but before he could retaliate the sound of footsteps echoing down the staircase towards them stopped them. They froze for a second, and then Jai was pushing her away from him, turning his back and letting his magic crackle around him. A t-shirt covered his upper body but he refused to turn around.

"Almost done?" Caroline's voice called out to them, and then she was there, peering around the doorframe. "Dinner's almost ready."

Jai looked like he was still brooding, staring out of the French windows. Ari was flushed, trembling, but somehow she managed to throw Caroline a tight

smile. "Yeah. We're just finishing up."

"Great." Caroline smiled back at her and left after shooting Jai a curious look.

Ari listened to her footsteps fade and then turned to Jai. He shot her an unreadable look over his shoulder and she wished she understood what the hell it meant. "Are you mad?"

"No. I'm not mad. I... want you. Now."

Ari grinned, relishing the possessive look in his eye. "Well, that's good, right?"

"No, Ari," he laughed despite himself as he brushed past her, careful to barely touch her. "Time and a place. Okay? There's a time and a place."

Hurrying to catch up to him, Ari disagreed. "Well, I thought it was incredibly hot. Maybe the time and the place was a factor in that."

"Maybe you're right. But if we're going to keep a lid on this, then no more strip teasing."

So unlike her, Ari found herself pouting. "I don't like the sound of that."

He caught her look and laughed, shaking his head.

"I love that sound though," she admitted, the words just slipping out before she could stop them.

Jai stopped on the stairwell, a quizzical frown appearing between his eyebrows. They were getting closer to the rest of the house and its occupants where unwanted ears might be in listening distance, so Ari understood why Jai's voice suddenly popped into her head.

What sound?

Your laugh. It does crazy things to me.

His eyes widened. Ari, he breathed as if winded, No one's ever...

No one's ever, what?

No one has ever looked at me the way you do. It's humbling... to have someone like you look at someone like me that way.

Someone like me?

You're everything, he admitted, his voice catching, You know that right?

Then tell me you love me, she wanted to say. Instead she nodded. You're everything to me too. I look at you and I forget that I'm in the middle of the

deepest shit anyone's ever been in.

Jai snorted, shaking his head. And you say I'm the unromantic one.

They playfully grimaced at one another and Ari impulsively stood on her tiptoes to press a quick kiss to his lips. She drew back, stroking his cheek. You

need to shave.

In response, he leaned down to kiss her forehead. I will never get tired of hearing you say that.

Pain shot through her chest as Ari drew in a breath. Jeez, it felt like she'd been shot. What had happened? Where was Jai? Why was it dark? Hadn't they just been on the staircase heading up to dinner? "Jai?" she mumbled, reaching a hand out in the dark for him.

"No, Ari, it's me."

The familiar rumble of her uncle's voice was like a key unlocking the memories from the point in the gym with Jai onwards. The forest where he had finaly told her he loved her, the high school, the Jinn attack, her mother saving her, The White King stealing Jai, her bargain with Azazil...

The image of Asmodeus smashed its way through al the rest, his fist ripping out of her chest with the ember inside his closed hand.

Ari's eyes flew open with a gasp.

Hovering above her was the familiar face of The Red King and the healer with silvery hair that brushed his chin. He'd saved her before. After the Haqeeqah and then again after Dali had drained the blood from her. "Red?" she croaked out, her mouth feeling dusty, her throat dry. As she tried to move, sharp aches and burning pain shot through her body. Her limbs didn't feel so light anymore... they felt... real? It was almost as if for years she'd had help carrying the weight of them and now she was left to carry them alone.

The Seal.

Lilif's essence...

It was gone.

"I'm alive," she managed, trying to sit up. Red reached to help her, his features a little strained as he puled her up into a sitting position. She had been lying on a mattress scattered with silk blankets and a mountain of cushions. The room Azazil had given her.

She was stil at the palace.

"I survived?"

"Yes." The Red King gave her a gentle smile and she swore she saw relief in his startling blue gaze. Maybe she did. But was it real? "You're you. No longer the Seal. Just Jinn." He frowned suddenly. "Yes, just Jinn. I had wondered if, without the Seal within you, you would be like your mother, an Ifrit. But I don't know what you are yet. Or how powerful your father's blood has made you." His face clouded over at the thought of White.

Ari barely registered Red's diagnosis of her Jinn heritage. She was too busy being distracted by the splintering pain in her chest. Ari winced, pressing gentle hands to it. It was a little tender, but when she glanced down, there was no ugly scarring, only bruised flesh. Asmodeus had punched through her chest.

Gross and so disturbing.

She was definitely going to need therapy after this.

Rubbing the spot, Ari glanced back up at Red and his companion. Azazil had told her she may or may not live... her eyes flicked to the healer. "Because of you? I survived because of you?"

"You needed a helping hand. I don't believe you would have died, but when the Lieutenant tore the Seal from you, the trauma caused your conscience and your

physical body to separate. They were struggling to reconnect and it's likely you may have ended up in a coma if his highness hadn't had the forethought to bring me with him."

Filed with such turmoil, Ari turned to her uncle. "You helped save my life again, Red. What am I to realy think of you, huh?" she asked in a shaky voice.

"For now, let's just assume I don't want you dead," he retorted in an amused voice.

"And Azazil just let you fix me?"

"I don't think he cared what happened either way. He left your fate to play out itself..."

"So, can I leave now?" she was exhausted knowing the Seal was no longer within her, that there was no reason for the Jinn to want anything to do with her anymore and she was... wel, it would be an understatement to say she was relieved. "Can we find Jai and Charlie, and get word out that the Seal is most definitely back around Asmodeus' neck?"

"You made a promise to my father that you'd stay here indefinitely, Ari. We need to know if he intends to hold you to that. Let me speak with him while Kit here checks you over and gives you something to eat. You'l need your strength if my father alows you to leave."

Oh, he would alow her to leave, Ari growled inwardly. She'd extracted an oath from him that he would grant her a favor. But she'd let Red speak to him first. No point using up her golden ticket just yet. "Okay."

After he left, Ari turned to the healer. "So...Kit? That's an unusual name-for here anyway."

He smiled at her, looking no more older than Ari. "My mother is a diehard Christopher Marlowe fan, but she thought the name Christopher was plebian, so she gave me his nickname instead."

She smiled gratefuly at him. "Thank you, Kit. Again."

"You're very welcome."

"So, you're from England?"

"Was it the accent that gave me away?" he teased.

"Oh, just a little bit."

"Yes. I'm from England. I come from a long line of Jinn who have particular abilities when it comes to healing. When my mother realized the ful extent of my gifts, she asked for an audience with The Red King and offered me to his service."

"Your mother deliberately put you in the middle of al this crap?" Ari snapped.

It was the wrong thing to say. Kit's face closed down. "It is considered a great honor to be chosen as a Jinn King's personal healer. No one from my family has worked for a royal court for centuries."

Ari groaned, brushing his clipped defensiveness off. "I don't get you people."

Deciding to ignore that, Kit reached for her. "Enough about me. Up on your feet. Let's see if you're alright."

He made her move her limbs around, searching for any signs of injury he couldn't see or feel. But, other than feeling incredibly tired, Ari was okay. In fact, she thought, touching the place on her chest where she used to feel that coiled darkness, maybe she was more than okay. Experimenting, Ari concentrated on the fact that Jai was stil missing, and that Charlie was closing in on the Labartu. Ari felt angry, frustrated and a little desperate.... However, the dark rage was no longer there. That immediate need to punish and overpower had disappeared.

Ari sagged with relief, tears prickling her eyes. Not only was it a relief to know that Lilif was gone from her, and that Ari no longer had the kind of power that people would kil for, Ari was also relieved because in amongst it al, she'd begun to doubt which feelings were truly her own. It was good to know she was a little more together than Lilif was.

Perhaps a lot more, she shuddered, thinking of some of the vile things Lilif had put in her head, the feel of her fury in her veins and the taste of it on her tongue. That woman was apocalypticaly bad. Ari could only hope that al White's horses and al of his men couldn't put Lilif back together again.

"Here," Kit offered kindly, holding out a bowl of what looked like broth. "It wil give you some energy."

"Thanks." Ari took it from him. "For everything."

He bowed his head in acknowledgement of her gratitude, the silver strands of his hair shimmering in the low lighting. Together they sat in silence as Ari finished her broth.

He was right. She did feel better.

Ari had barely put the bowl down on the floor beside the mattress when the familiar hiss and crackle of flames signaled someone's arrival through the Peripatos.

Asmodeus stepped out, dressed al in black, the Seal hanging from thin, black leather rope around his neck. Unlike the replica he'd worn before, the real ring throbbed with an invisible energy that drew the eye of any Jinn strong enough to feel it. The Marid flicked a look at Kit as Ari's heart pounded at being back in his presence. She felt sick with fear and to her surprise her palms were sweating. It was weird Jinn could stil sweat even when they didn't feel temperature change. Must be a nervous thing.

Nervous, Ari guffawed . Try terrified.

It had suddenly occurred to her that having the Seal within her had diminished her fear in situations like these-the power she'd wielded was a shield between her and anyone who could do her harm. That was gone now. There was just her and her normal Jinn power and the training Jai had given her.

"Leave us," Asmodeus commanded Kit, an ordinary command and not from the Seal, for Kit-though his eyes were wide with fear-shook his head.

"His Highness, The Red King, asked me to guard the young lady in his absence. I folow his orders, sir, not yours."

Ari eyed the healer. God, he was brave.

Asmodeus took a menacing step toward Kit and Ari automaticaly stepped in between them, holding a hand up to halt Asmodeus. Heart banging away against her

ribcage, Ari threw Kit a pleading look over her shoulder. She didn't want him hurt. Go get Red, she telepathed.

For a moment she didn't think he was going to comply, but after a second of hesitation he nodded and hurried from the room before Asmodeus thought to stop him.

Ari was alone with the Lieutenant.

She straightened her shoulders. She may not have the Seal anymore, but she stil refused to be intimidated.

"Stil foolishly self-sacrificing, I see," he mocked.

Ari glowered at him, crossing her arms over her chest defensively. She felt like she'd gotten to know Asmodeus over the last few weeks and showing your fear of him only irritated him. "Is this another self-sacrifice? You've come to try and kil me, again?"

"Oh never fear, Ari, if I wanted you dead now, you would be."

"Then what do you want?"

"A little gratitude maybe." He flashed her a wicked smile, and since it was the first proper grin he'd ever given her, she noticed his white teeth were slightly crooked, adding a certain imperfect charm to his beauty that she wished it didn't. "I did save you from Lilif's poisonous power."

Eyeing him carefuly, Ari considered him. He seemed different. A little lighter. Happier? No. Not happier. She didn't think he was capable of 'happy', but he was definitely lacking his usual doom and gloom. Was it the Seal around his neck? Was having Lilif's essence close to him affecting the balance within him just a little?

"You would have put me in a coma if Red hadn't arrived with his healer," she snapped back at him, the memory of his apology as he'd ripped the Seal from her making her voice die out on the last word. Had he realy apologized? And if so... why?

"However, I did let him heal you," Asmodeus argued. "I could have stopped him, but I didn't."

"How generous of you. And why exactly was that again? I thought I was too 'dangerous' to be around?"

He took another step towards her and Ari refused to back up. "You're so young. Realy just a child," he mused. "But I've lived long enough to recognize a

complication when I see it, and you are a complication."

"A complication?"

He gave her a nod, a cruel smile twisting his wel-shaped lips. "You have your mother's unusual beauty, but you're even stronger than her. You fight even when you are frightened and you care even when you should not. You have integrity. You have grit."

Trying not to blush under his assessment of her, Ari's body took an involuntary step back as if it sensed what she didn't. "I thought those qualities are ones you despise?"

"On the contrary," his voice grew low and deep and Ari shivered at the feel of its caress across her skin, "I'm always intrigued by people like you."

"Why?"

"Because you remind me of how I once was."

Unwanted sympathy tugged at Ari's chest and she tried to keep that emotion hidden from her voice as she replied, "Can't you be that way again?"

Asmodeus smirked. "So innocent. No, Ari. I cannot. Since I lost Lilif, I have done things that have changed my soul. There is no going back."

"No, there's no going back," she agreed. "But you could go forward. You could try to be more like the old Asmodeus. From what I saw, he was wise and

sometimes even kind..."

His dark gaze intensified, the silence between them thickening awkwardly. Ari wondered franticaly where Red was.

"See," Asmodeus murmured, taking another step toward her, "A complication."

Chest tightening with panic at his proximity, Ari held up a hand to halt his progress towards her. "What do you want, Asmodeus? Why are you here?"

Those eyes of his flashed and Ari knew that look. She'd seen it before in the eyes of both Charlie and then Jai. Charlie's look had been too late, and Jai's had always been welcome. Asmodeus' was definitely unwelcome despite the skittering of her heart and the strange flattery she felt that an immortal like Asmodeus could want her that way.

"A little birdy told me you were leaving." He grew closer stil. "Azazil is alowing you to return to the mortal realm. I didn't want you to leave without a proper goodbye." He stopped now, his chest inches from her face and Ari had to tip her head back to meet his gaze. His energy crackled al around her, and Ari couldn't deny the unfaithful spark of attraction between them.

But that was al it was, she reminded herself. It was al it would ever be.

She cleared her throat. "Goodbye then, Asmodeus. I'd say it's been a pleasure, but I think we both know I'd just be placating you."

He smirked at that and Ari flinched when he reached out to touch her cheek, his long fingers brushing along her jaw before stopping to clasp her chin a little too firmly. "That is not the kind of goodbye I had in mind."

Desperate to stop him, Ari blurted out the first thing that came to mind, "You know you're technicaly my grandmother's brother."

He laughed again. "There's centuries of blood between you and Lilif. That distance means something to the Jinn, we don't think like mortals do with their short lives and strange social structures, especialy when al I want is a kiss goodbye."

"You can forget it," she snapped now, trying to pul away. But Asmodeus held firm, his eyes stil laughing at her.

"It's just one kiss, Ari. The Ginnaye need never know."

"I would know." She yanked her chin out of his grasp, but he was quick, his arms banding around her back and pressing her flush to him.

"So damn honorable."

"Let me go."

"Kiss me."

"No."

His eyes narrowed and Ari's widened as the brass part of the Seal around his neck began to glow. No! The son-of-a-bitch! "I thought you said you didn't need to force unwiling women, Lieutenant," she bit out, her panic visible in her expression as she glared at the Seal.

"I haven't nearly just kiled most women I want in my bed, so I am thinking you might need a little push. Kiss me," he commanded.

Ari froze, disbelief chiling her blood.

She felt... nothing.

"Do that again?" she whispered and she felt Asmodeus' arms relax from around her as his gaze grew shuttered with understanding.

"Kiss me," he commanded more forcefuly.

Ari pushed at him and he stepped back in surprise.

"It didn't work." She grinned triumphantly. "It doesn't work on me."

Asmodeus made her jump with the abrupt snap of his fingers. Immediately folowing the gesture came a light tap at the door. It swung open at Asmodeus' command to enter and a male Shaitan stepped inside. "Yes, Master?" he asked, not meeting the Lieutenant's gaze. It was something al the servants did out of respect for the Sultan, his sons and Asmodeus.

Asmodeus strode towards the Shaitan, his whole body tense and Ari suddenly felt very uneasy.

Out of nowhere the Marid produced a short, curved dagger and handed it to the Shaitan. "Slit your throat with this," he commanded.

The Shaitan's eyes widened with horror but with a trembling hand he reached for the dagger.

"No!" Ari screamed, rushing towards him.

It was too late.

The blade sliced across skin, blood spiled, and the sickening thud of his body colapsing to the floor echoed around the room in the wake of Ari's scream.

Eyes blurry with shock, throat thick with helplessness, Ari watched Asmodeus turn to her with narrowed eyes. "Wel, we know the Seal is working."

"Why?" she spat in disgust. "You didn't need to kil him!"

He ignored her reproach and marched towards her with violence in his eyes. Even though her whole body was shuddering with fear and revulsion at what he'd just done, Ari stood her ground. He took hold of her left arm in a bruising grip, puling her body into his. "How is it possible?" he breathed angrily. "How can you withstand the command of the Seal?"

"Maybe the same way you can," she countered aggressively, hating him in that moment and longing to be far, far away from him. She longed to be near Jai's

comforting, protective presence. "You had the Seal around your neck for centuries, and I had it inside of me for eighteen years. Go figure."

His eyes glittered dangerously. "You are not leaving here now."

"What?" Ari hissed, puling at his grip. "No way!" They were not keeping her.

The crackle of flames was a welcome sound as Red stepped out of the Peripatos. His expression darkened at the sight of Asmodeus accosting her.

"Let her go, Asmodeus."

"The Seal does not work against her. She cannot leave until I know why."

"Wrong." Red blurred across the room, his body coming back into focus beside them as he forcefuly pushed Asmodeus away from her, his own hand gentle around

her wrist as he pressed her behind him. "Azazil has already given his word that her promise to stay has been fulfiled. You cannot keep her here unless she is wiling."

Red shot her a look over his shoulder. "Are you wiling?"

"Hel no," she growled.

Smiling triumphantly, Red turned back to Asmodeus. "Sucks to be you right now."

Ari snorted, feeling a smal triumph over Asmodeus and his apparently limitless viciousness.

"This isn't over," Asmodeus promised with his eyes pinning her to the wal. She felt a familiar dread in her gut. She'd honestly thought for a minute there that she was free from al this Jinn stuff.

After another warning step from Red, the Marid blazed his way out of the room, the door crashing behind him. Red's eyes dropped on the dead Shaitan.

"I'm sorry," Ari whispered. "I couldn't stop him in time."

Red flicked a hand and the body just disappeared. He turned to Ari seeming unconcerned. They were al so calous, she thought hopelessly. That Shaitan's life meant nothing to any of them. "Not your fault." He studied her a moment. "You can withstand the Seal's command?"

"Yeah, looks like."

"Wel." He frowned in concern. "We'l try to keep that quiet. It might carry its own problems. You ready to leave?"

"Definitely." She looked back where the Shaitan had been murdered. Is that what this life did to you? Made you so used to violence and death that a body was just that. A shel. Not a life at al?

Red seemed uncomfortable al of sudden, his eyes finding it difficult to focus on hers. "My father hinted that Jai's tribe might know how to find Jai."

Relief and hope crashed over her bringing her out of depressed thoughts. "That's fantastic. Let's go."

"Ari, wait." Red pinched the bridge of his nose, his gaze almost anxious. "I puled Glass out of his assignment to help Charlie find the Labartu. We left him in a motel in Houston knowing he'd very likely not be able to find her on his own in time."

Stunned by the news, Ari replied softly, "I appreciate it. But it doesn't mean I forgive you. Or trust you."

"I'm not..." he heaved an exasperated sigh, "That's not what I'm trying to tel you. My father isn't happy I didn't complete the assignment. He's arranging for Charlie to meet Akasha."

The fear was back.

Ari took a shuddering breath. "As payback."

"It's how he works."

"Okay..."

"However... I'm also worried that White, if he finds out you're no longer the Seal, wil take that news out on Jai in a bloody manner and my father has dropped his protection around him."

Vile, heart-wrenching understanding dawned. "You're saying-you're saying I have to choose who I'm going to rescue first, and that whichever one I choose to

rescue second, might die before I get there?"

He nodded, his blue eyes ful of regret. "I can't help, Charlie, Ari. My father might do something worse in retaliation."

"Oh God," Think. Think. "What about my mom?" she grasped desperately at the idea. "Couldn't she help Charlie?"

Red shook his head adamantly. "I can't-I won't-put her in that kind of danger. White might find her and if he does-"

"Fine," Ari whispered. "I get it." She blew out a breath and nodded, coming to a sickening decision. "I need to get word to the Roes. Can you do that at least?

They're the best bet at the moment."

Red nodded as if he'd expected this. "You've made a choice. You're sending them after Charlie. You're going after Jai."

Ari felt tears of shame clog her throat. "I'm not proud of it. But yeah."

"I'm sorry, Ari."

Ari's eyes blazed at the thought of the possible ramifications of her choice. "Me too."

25 - These Continuous Trips to Lost and Found Are Wearing on my Soul

How many days had it been now? Or had it only been hours?

Worse, had it been weeks? Months?

The stifling black was wicked emptiness, for like a blank canvas before an artist, it tempted its prisoner to fil the black with images-images of Ari, of his father, of his faceless mother. Memories taunted Jai. Fears suffocated him as images of Ari's dead body continued to float across the dark.

At these he'd yel to his captor to let him go until his voice was hoarse. He couldn't feel Ari in the trace. The bottle extinguished much of Jai's energy. He hoped that was the cause and not that Ari was...

The not knowing whether she was alive or dead was the worst part of al of this. If he ever got out of the bottle he'd been trapped in only to discover that Ari was gone...

... Jai couldn't breathe.

How would he ever come back from that?

Her sweet smile filed the dark and Jai rubbed a hand over his chest where it ached. So this was what it was like to love someone this deeply?

Thinking of his captors brought furious tears to his eyes, tears he hadn't alowed since he was a boy. He was wounded by the knowledge of who they were-the

people that were supposed to protect him. He was gutted by the truth that he should have taken his own advice long before now and kept his distance from Ari. He didn't want to love anyone this much. Ever.

Now it was too late. There was no going back. He couldn't walk away from her now even if his survival instincts told him he should.

He had to get out of here. He had to save her....

The black and white checkered floor of the Bitar home reminded her far too much of a chessboard. White's thievery-stealing Jai from her-was a taunt like his last, when he'd kiled Ari's adoptive father, Derek. "Checkmate."

Bastard.

Grief rippled over her anew, hitting her like it did when she least expected it. An anger she hadn't felt towards Sala since meeting her, ate at her. She'd destroyed Derek's life. She'd put him in danger. And worse, he'd loved Sala and never truly loved Ari because of it.

Throwing aside those unwanted, ugly feelings, Ari listened as footsteps echoed down the halway towards her, a clickety-clack, clickety-clack of heels making her stomach knot with dread. Great. Nicki Bitar. As if Ari realy wanted to ask that psycho for help. She didn't even have Red at her side to pressure the wicked stepmother. He was off acting as messenger, doing the only thing he could by notifying Michael Roe of Charlie's whereabouts. She could only hope they were wiling to use their resources to find and stop him.

Nicki came into view, her dark Irish beauty so hateful to Ari she had an absurd urge to rake her nails down the witch's face. Ari hated her for what she'd done to Jai and she knew she didn't even know the half of the cruelty she'd committed against him. Nicki came to a stop a few checkers from Ari, her pretty mouth twisted into a smirk. "What do you want?"

"I want to speak with Luca."

"He's not home."

Crap. Fidgeting, trying not to feel panicky, Ari wondered if she should just refuse to leave until he returned. She knew she could rely on Luca's sense of honor at least to help her find Jai, but Nicki? She was a heartless cow when it came to her stepson. "Jai's been taken," she snapped. "I have reason to believe that Luca can help me find him."

"Help you how?" Nicki shook her head, her eyes narrowed in bitter hate. "There is no way we're bringing our tribe into that war for a piece of scum."

"You watch your mouth," Ari snarled, taking a menacing step towards her. Satisfaction thrummed through her when Nicki flinched and stepped back. As if she was afraid.

Of course. Ari sneered. She stil believed Ari was the Seal.

Before either of them could say another word, the large double entrance door drew their attention as one of the doors swung open. Luca Bitar entered, his

appearance surprisingly scruffy. He looked tired. He stopped at the sight of Ari before him, his eyes widening with relief it seemed.

"Luca." Nicki marched past Ari towards him, her voice high with surprise. "What are you doing home so early?"

He shot her a hateful look. "Why didn't you cal to let me know Ari was here?"

"She just got here. I was going to."

"Liar," Ari hissed.

Luca shoved his wife's hand off his arm and hurried to Ari's side. "We have him, Ari."

Her mouth fel open in shock, her stomach flipping. That was not what she'd been expecting him to say. "What?" she breathed in disbelief, horror and hope.

"The White King ordered me to place Jai in a bottle where Teruze could guard over him in the treasure room."

His words were barely out of his mouth and Ari was spinning around, ready to bolt for the room where Luca kept al manner of precious items. His firm grip

clamped down around her wrist, whirling her back around to face him.

"Ari, Teruze is very old. He wil kil you if you dare try to unleash Jai from his imprisonment."

"Then you unleash him!" Ari yeled, fury and disgust for him blazing in her eyes. Jai was his son! How could he do this to him? Her hand curled into a fist and she had to physicaly restrain herself from socking him in the mouth.

"I can't," he pleaded with her, seeming nothing like the man she had come to know and dislike. He appeared so much older than he used to. "Only I can order

Teruze to back off and only I can unleash Jai, but The White King promised he would destroy my entire Tribe if I, wilingly, freed Jai. I know I have made decisions you don't agree with regarding Jai. I know my son and I are not close, but Ari I would never wish that kind of hel on him. Trapped in a bottle, it's like being in the hole in prison. For weeks. I... I've been waiting for you or The Red King to show up and order me to let him go. It's the only way around my oath to The White King. Ari."

He pinched her arm desperately. "He's stil my son. You have to believe me when I say I never wanted this. Order me to free him. Command me!"

"I can't," she breathed harshly. "Asmodeus ripped the Seal from me. He has it now."

"WHAT?" White's below roared around the entire mansion as he stepped out of the Cloak, advancing on Ari with dark questions in his eyes. For a moment she was stunned she hadn't felt him hiding there, and then she realized... she was no longer the Seal. She no longer had the gift of detecting Jinn hiding in the Cloak. Shit! "I wondered what this trick was, why you were pretending not to feel me hiding in the Cloak. What is going on?"

Luca made a valiant attempt to stand between Ari and White, but the Jinn King barely looked at him as he swept his hand out, sending Luca crashing back with invisible hands against one of Nicki's ugly portraits. Nicki made a choked sound of distress as she rushed to Luca's side and Ari barely registered White's proximity as she waited for signs of life from Jai's dad. When he groaned, Ari sagged with relief. When she freed Jai, the last thing she wanted to tel him was that his dad was dead.

Assured that Nicki was seeing to him, Ari turned to face White. A sense of relish, of triumph overwhelmed her as she took in her real father's rage. The cool, carefuly blank expression he'd adopted as a perennial mask had finaly slipped. He was feeling something.

Good.

He'd taken so much from her.

It was nice to have him bested for once.

Feeling as though she were standing under the heavy breaths of a dragon, Ari tried not to flinch when he took another step closer. "They played you al along," she taunted him softly. "Azazil told Asmodeus to let Sala seduce him because he knew what you planned and he wanted you to do it."

"Liar," he growled but something flickered in the back of his eyes, as though he'd heard this al before? Ari narrowed her eyes in suspicion as White took another step toward her. "Why would Azazil want the Seal in human form?"

Tired of his dementedly stubborn blind faith in Lilif, Ari wondered if the truth would finaly knock some sense into White. "Lilif realy does want The After. I should know. The Seal, it's realy your mother's essence. The thing you'd been looking for? You had it al along until you used it to impregnate my mother."

His eyes narrowed and Ari waited a moment to make sure he wasn't going to lash out at her before she decided to continue.

"Azazil thought putting Lilif's power into a Jinn through natural birth would perhaps provide him with a Jinn with her power, but lacking her madness. That it would somehow bring the old balance back. Instead it backfired. I started getting al of these visions. They were Lilif's memories. Her essence, it's not just her power. It's actualy her. And she was trying to take control of my body. And these memories... I saw you. She played you. She let-" Ari choked off as his large hand shot out and wrapped around her throat. She clawed at it in panic as he lifted her off the ground, her weight nothing to him as he held her close.

"You lie," he snarled. "They've poisoned you with their lies. Planted seeds, visions, doubts." He shook her like a rag dol and Ari felt her eyes rol back in her head.

"Command me to do something."

How could she? She gasped, her nails biting into his hand, her legs kicking out at him.

Abruptly he released her and she colapsed onto her knees coughing and spluttering as she tried to draw breath.

"Command me!"

"I can't," she managed hoarsely.

"Command me, Ari!"

"I command you to shut the hel up!" she yeled, her voice cracking on the words.

They were al silent a moment and Ari chanced a glance over at Luca and Nicki. Luca was on his feet now, Nicki standing protectively by his side. Ari caught the turmoil in his expression. He wanted to help, but doing so could harm his Tribe. She gave a tiny shake of her head to let him know she wanted him to stay out of it.

"It didn't work," White responded, his voice hushed with disbelief. "It didn't work."

As he stood there aghast, Ari considered the quickest way past him to the treasure room. Just as she was gathering her nerves to zoom by him, White turned his gaze on her, his eyes opaque with blank steel.

"Then you are of no more use to me," he announced softly, but the words were laced with the quietest fury Ari had ever heard.

The threat lanced through her and Ari quickly threw up her hands, summoning her power just in time to block the bolt of magic he shot her way. It bounced off the cushion she'd created and Ari sped back from him at Jinn speed.

He was faster.

As she took corporeal form, the blurry trail of smoke she'd become solidifying back into her, a hand wrapped around her throat again and Ari's eyes popped wide as White slid her body up the entrance door of the mansion, her body dangling helplessly again. There was nothing in his eyes. Nothing at al.

Ari forced her magic through her fingers as she gripped at the hand that was choking her, sending sharp knife-like pains into his hand, down his arm and into his body-little spiders of virulent energy aiming for his heart. She was sweating from the energy it took to shoot al her defensive magic into him, and yet it had no effect.

She felt her magic flame out as his far more powerful abilities overwhelmed it.

He was an immortal Jinn King after al.

And she was going to die.

Ari begged herself not to cry in panic. She wasn't going out that way. Not after everything he'd done. He deserved, even if she was the one dying, to feel as if he'd lost.

Checkmate, she telepathed loud and clear to him, her voice filed with a strange mixture of smug acceptance.

As they gazed into each other's eyes, as she gazed into the face of her monstrously cruel father, as her breathing began to grow more strained, and black spots started pushing in at the corner of her eyes, Ari could have sworn the emotionless bled from his eyes. They widened a little, as if recognizing her.

His grip began to loosen and Ari felt a rush of air drag down into her windpipe just as an explosion of flames could be heard from beyond them.

White flinched, his body jerking, his hand unclasping Ari as he made a guttural sound of pain. Ari crashed to the ground with a hard thump as White whirled around above her to face his attacker. Coughing, struggling to draw in air down her hurt throat, Ari looked up through the curtain of her hair and froze in absolute dismay.

Sala.

The power of the Haqeeqah in Sala's hands whipped her long dark curls behind her, snapped back the fabric of her blue silk dress dramaticaly. Her eyes were feral on White as he took slow, calculating steps towards her.

"You wil never harm my daughter again," Sala hissed, enraged, her chest rising and faling rapidly with the emotion.

"Mom," Ari croaked, stumbling to her feet. "Get out of here," she pleaded.

"You get out of here," Sala bit back at her desperately. "He won't stop until he kils you. I won't let that happen. Now get Jai and get out of here. Now!"

"No," Ari breathed, the memory of White's grip loosening around her neck ripping at her. She was safer with him than Sala was! RED! Ari telepathed as powerfuly as she could. HE HAS SALA!

As if sensing the power she'd just unleashed into her s.o.s. , White shot her a dangerous look over his shoulder. Using that moment of distraction Sala threw the Haqeeqah.

White moved.

A blur of smoke, he was across the hal in miliseconds, the Haqeeqah blasting into the wal inches from Ari, the magic seeping into the plasterwork. It began to crumble, bricks started to shift.

Ari's gaze swung back to her mother only to feel her heart vomit up into her throat at the sight of White clutching hold of her. He stood with Sala's back pressed to his front, his arms clasped around her, his mouth at her ear. They may have looked like two lovers embracing if it hadn't been for Sala's terror as she looked up over at Ari.

"Ari, leave," she whispered pleadingly, flinching as White murmured something in her ear.

Ari ran toward them, pushing her energy out at White to knock him back from her, but he moved again, this time taking Sala with him, and as Ari spun to get her bearings...

... she was too late.

His bloody fist was already appearing out of Sala's chest cavity, her heart dying in his hand, and her empty body crumpling to the ground.

"NO!"

Ari heard the below, she felt it vibrate through her as her knees gave way. Red hair streaked across her vision folowed by blue.

Her blurry gaze froze on her mother's body, on her wide empty eyes that stared directly into Ari's. Ari's own body crumpled in on itself in agony. Grief, regret, wishes- they al slapped against her like a gang of youths beating her up before pick-pocketing al the promise of the future she'd had inside of her. The promise of having a parent who loved her.

It was gone.

Sala was gone.

Hands grabbed each of Ari's arms and she let herself be dragged back into the doorway of one of the Bitar's sitting rooms. She turned her bleary eyes up into Luca's face. His features were strained, a sympathy she didn't know he was capable of burning in his eyes. "What are you doing?" she whispered in a daze.

"Getting you out of the way of that." He nodded into the entrance and Ari turned, the sounds of chaos finaly filtering into her ears and connecting with the sight before her.

Red and Glass had attacked White. The entrance hal was a disaster zone-the lower balustrade of the staircase was broken, portraits had crashed to the ground, huge cracks zipped up the sides of the wals where White had been thrown with the force of a wrecking bal. Now The White King was pinned against the stairs under the power of both Glass and Red.

Understanding dawned as she took in the absolute grief and horror in Red's eyes as he curled a fist in the air and squeezed, the action seeming to magicaly squeeze the air from White's lungs as he clawed at the invisible hand around his throat.

"Brother," Glass whispered softly, although he did not loosen his grip on White. "Red... we cannot..."

But Red was far gone, his face mottled with fury. "I wil destroy you," he choked out. "For what you have taken today, I wil destroy you."

Ari had barely registered the opening in the Peripatos when a tal, dark-haired Jinn strode out in a similar garb to Glass. Another Jinn King. He flicked a look at Ari as he strode towards his brothers. "Not today you won't, Red," he answered in a bored monotone. "Two against two, it could go on forever."

"Get out of here, Shadow," Red curled his lip at him. "This is not your fight."

"Actualy it is."

The Shadow King. Ari let out a slow breath watching the four Jinn Kings together. It was frightening. They could destroy everything in their paths, and no one would be able to stop them.

"Red." Glass pressed a tentative hand to his brother's shoulders. "I know what you are feeling. You know I do. However, this is pointless. You know you wil never kil him."

The air was heavy as they al waited for Red's decision.

With a growl of disgust he stepped back and Glass folowed suit.

White choked and spluttered just as Ari had done only minutes before when he'd attacked her in the same manner. Throwing Red a sinister look, White stood to his feet in one graceful motion. As smart as he was, Ari was unsurprised when he took a step back up the staircase, letting the flames engulf him into the Peripatos.

The Shadow King grunted. "Thank you, Shadow," he mimicked White, "For coming to my aid. Oh, you're so welcome, brother." He roled his eyes. "Ungrateful

swine."

Noticing he'd drawn the attention of his furious brothers, Shadow gave them a taunting smile before turning his head to stare at Ari. "So this was the Seal. You look just like your mother."

And before Red could retaliate to that snide, cruel remark, Shadow disappeared into the Peripatos.

Silence slunk around the room as if it knew there was no time for it to be there, but couldn't leave for it was magneticaly drawn to the grief that thickened the air.

Finaly, at the tightening of Luca's hand around her arm, Ari took a tentative step towards The Red King. He stood gazing down at Sala in disbelief, with The Glass King by his side, his hand on Red's back in offer of comfort. The tears started to spil down Ari's cheeks as she took in the sight of the mother who loved her, a mother she had never gotten to know, and her uncle whose overwhelming presence only made his grief seep into everyone around him.

Her doubts over whether a Jinn King could realy feel were buried by the obvious love Red had had for Sala.

Lips trembling, tongue zinging with the taste of salt from her tears, Ari opened her mouth to speak and when no words came out she had to clear her throat. The noise drew Glass' gaze and he offered her a sympathetic nod. Despite the distance between them, Ari had lost Sala too.

That only made her tears fal faster and she had to brush them quickly aside in order to face Red. "Red," she whispered. "I'm so sorry."

He didn't look at her. Couldn't speak.

Did he blame her?

Oh God, if he blamed her...

Deciding then she couldn't possibly ask for his help, Ari shifted her eyes back to Glass who watched her expectantly. "I need your help," she told him quietly.

He frowned but nodded at her to continue. She noted he never once took his hand from Red's shoulder.

"Jai is trapped in a bottle here by his father, but Luca made an oath to White that he wouldn't let Jai go wilingly."

"Wilingly?" Glass repeated and then sighed as he began to grasp what she implied. He turned to Red. "I wil help Ari. You should take Sala somewhere. Lay her to rest finaly."

A sob tore from Ari's throat before she could stop it and her whole body began to shake with the grief. She hadn't expected to feel so much. To feel so raw and hurt by the loss of a woman she barely knew. But the utter love she'd had for Ari had been a promise of a real relationship with her mother. Her sacrifice to save her daughter... had it been for nothing? Would White realy have kiled Ari? The thought wracked her body with sobs.

A familiar but surprising presence was beside her suddenly and Ari managed to look up through her tears and pain into the face of The Red King. His expression was stern, his eyes bleak and Ari waited with almost bated breath, her sobs dying out, as he lifted a hand towards her. She stiled. Waiting. The large hand came down and caressed her shoulder and Ari sagged into it.

"She loved you," he told her in a voice numb with pain. "She would not want you to blame yourself for her death. Nor would she want me to blame you."

"Do you?" Ari asked warily, batting away the tears, unable to stop her hands from trembling.

"I am trying not to."

The honest answer was cutting, but Ari accepted it. She understood. She wished she didn't but she did.

"Go with Glass and Luca," Red ordered quietly. "I'm taking Sala somewhere I promised I would take her if this ever happened."

Knowing another apology was futile, Ari alowed Glass to take her arm as Luca led them to the treasure room. Stil in shock, Luca's words made no sense to Ari as he spoke to the red bottle that held Teruze. Then they were in front of a mottled green bottle and Glass was demanding Luca let Jai out.

Luca's energy filed the smal room- and then Jai was there-crumpling against Luca who reached out to steady him.

Ari took in the way Jai's eyes blinked rapidly as if the light was blinding him. His clothing was dirty and rumpled and he'd grown a beard, making him almost unrecognizable.

She flew at him. Careless of what they'd both been through, her arms banded around him tightly as she pressed herself to him, his feet staggering under the impact.

As she cried silently against his chest, Jai's arms came around her and he seemed to sag against her.

"Ari," he breathed, his arms tightening until she could barely breath. "Ari."

26 - Making Sense of it All Makes no Sense when you Sense it Too Late

"This is getting us nowhere, Charlie," Falon huffed as she crawled up beside him on the motel bed. "There are no anomalies in this area-none of the morgue

records show an increase in child deaths; there are no records of poluted water supplies like there usualy is when a Labartu is in the area. Maybe she's gone, or maybe she's on the other side of freakin' Houston... or Red and Glass lied..."

"Nah." Charlie shook his head, lifting his arm so she could snuggle up against him. It had been a long day. Again. "I think the bitch knows I'm on her tail. She could be manipulating the records, or Red might be. He seems to have changed his mind about letting me do this." He knew he sounded bitter, but he was. The last thing he needed was the Jinn King going soft on him.

"Don't you think you're reaching?"

"I think I'm getting pissed off waiting around." He squeezed her closer so she'd know he didn't mean he was pissed off at her. The truth was, he was just pissed at everything. He was worried about Ari, wondering if she was okay-knowing that if she were okay, she would have come after him by now. Guilt and shame flooded him. He would be looking for her if it wasn't for the emerald burning in his pocket. It had become an obsession. Like he'd gone from snorting to free-basing. And right now, he felt like he needed to use that emerald more than he needed to rescue the girl he loved.

That was some 'effed up shit right there.

Charlie blanched, trying to ignore the burn of the emerald in his pocket. It was becoming that he wanted to use it for the hel of it, just so he could taste its power again.

...The motel manager had been rude to Falon...

The ping of Falon's cel ripped him from his dark musings as she leaned over him to pick it up off the bedside table. She touched the screen twice and then her eyes widened.

"Oh my God," she breathed.

Instantly alert, Charlie leaned over to see the screen. "What? What is it?"

"It's her. Akasha." Pale faced, Falon handed him the smartphone.

I hear you're hunting me ;-)

Come meet the same fate as your brother, little boy.

Midnight, tomorrow.

Sydney Marone Middle School

High Star Drive, Alief.

Sweet Dreams,

Akasha

"Why?" Falon asked, a shake in her voice as she took the cel from his trembling hands. "Why would she taunt you into coming after her?"

Trying to control the rage and the anticipation that rushed through him, Charlie looked away so she couldn't see the depths of the darkness he felt gripping hold of him. "Because," he muttered, "This is what Azazil wants." He wants me out of the picture. Just like he wants Jai out of the picture. He wants Ari to have no one but him to turn to. The realization made his fists curl into the sheets. His hand brushed his pocket where the emerald was, and the worry for Ari began to dissipate.

That means she's probably okay though, he argued with his guilty conscience.

"Charlie...?"

Hearing the tremor of worry in his name, Charlie jolted out of his suddenly perceptive thoughts to shoot Falon a grim look. "Don't chicken out on me now. This is what you signed up for."

Instantly the fear on Falon's face melted into irritation. "Don't remind me, jerk."

"You're free to walk away."

"You're free to go fu-"

"Hey," Charlie cut her off, reaching for her as if she were his personal brand of Xanax. "I know the hard-ass thing is just an act. I mean it, Falon. You should get out while you can." He brushed her pixie short hair back off her face, his adrenaline stil spiked, but his muscles at least relaxing as he looked into her non-judgmental, beautiful big eyes.

"Nah," she huffed, tugging on his t-shirt and puling him close. "I'd never forgive myself if something happened to you. Asshole."

He lay down, puling her with him so she was sprawled across his chest. "I can't believe this is going to happen."

"You're an idiot."

"I know," he agreed. "But I feel like I might go insane if I don't get this out of my system." The revenge or using the emerald? His subconscious queried snarkily.

Falon sighed, her breath warm against his t-shirt. "I realy am afraid for you."

"I'm afraid for you too."

"Don't be. Out of the two of us I have a better chance of surviving."

Charlie snorted. "Uh, thanks."

"Come here." She lifted her head and slid up a little further to stroke his neck. Responding to her instantly, Charlie wrapped his arms around her waist and puled her up until her lips were almost touching his. Her wide eyes were honest for once. She realy was scared for him. "Take my mind off tomorrow, okay."

Glad that the rush of need he felt for her was managing to overpower that of the emerald, Charlie gripped her by the nape of the neck, his kiss hard and desperate.

Catching on quickly, Falon met him frantic kiss for frantic kiss, their hands brushing one another's as they hurried to divest each other of any piece of clothing that hindered the feel of skin against skin. They let their bodies take over-using them to say everything they couldn't quite bring themselves to admit.

Saying he felt disorientated was an understatement.

Jai felt his father and Ari's heavy gaze upon him as he tried to compute everything they'd told him. His nerves were jangling and his lungs were stil adjusting to al the extra air, working freely now instead of against his anxiety. He had pretty much been in solitary confinement for two weeks. To someone who was more used to flying than being trapped inside, it might as wel have been two months.

And now this...

... to have to sit and listen to his father apologize for the first time ever in his life; to have to find the courage to be forgiving when Jai stil felt as though he were being suffocated and his limbs were stil heavy with disuse.

And Ari.

She wasn't the Seal anymore. Asmodeus had almost kiled her. The Red King had saved her. The White King had almost kiled her. Sala had saved her. Sala had

died. Red was in a fury. Charlie was in trouble. Ari wanted to leave right away to help him.

Jai sucked in a deep breath, exhaustion slowing down his thought process.

The first thing that realy pressed upon him was that he needed to push Ari harder in her training now that she wasn't the Seal. She'd almost died twice, and would have if someone hadn't been there to save her. She needed to be able to save herself.

Jai shook his head clear. "Charlie is in Houston going after Akasha and you want us to leave now?"

"You're not going anywhere," Luca ordered, shaking his head beligerently. He no longer had that humble, regretful look on his face that had made Jai so uneasy.

No. His father was back with a vengeance, the old fire of intimidation back in his voice and eyes. "You've been through an atrocious ordeal, Jai-an ordeal that even the strongest Ginnaye would have found difficult to endure. You need a shower, a shave, some food in your stomach and then a few good night's rest in a proper bed."

"Father-" Jai tried to argue, but Luca held up a hand, cutting him off.

"Ms. Johnson is no longer the Seal. Your duty to her is over." He eyed them both meaningfuly and with warning.

Ari had gasped, as if she hadn't quite realized he was no longer required to be her guardian any more.

Meeting her stricken gaze, Jai sighed. He hadn't realized that either.

Not that it changed a damn thing.

Standing up slowly, but as steadily as he could in an attempt to convince Luca that he was himself again and at ful strength, Jai braced his shoulders, readying himself to face his father for the first time-man to man. "Ari had an immortal Jinn King literaly rip something out of her body. She almost died. And the first thing she did when she woke up? She chose me. She came here to save me." He turned to look at her, letting al the love he felt for her shine out of his eyes, deciding then and there that if he was going to hel for loving her, he was going to do it right. "That's not about duty to one another. That's about loyalty. Honor." He looked back at Luca. "And because she loves me almost as much as I love her."

"Uh, just as much," Ari corrected, eyebrows raised in warning.

Jai smiled despite the fact that his father was unsurprised but disappointed by this revelation. Wel, it filed him with a sense of relief-relief because he no longer cared that Luca was disappointed in him. It had taken him a long time, but his father's opinion-it just didn't matter. What Luca had done to him, even under duress from The White King was, as people would say, the straw that broke the camel's back.

"I'm sure Ari is a perfectly nice girl," Luca replied, his words clearly careful. "But you cannot possibly think of giving up your Tribe, your duty to the Ginnaye, to be with her."

Jai stared at his father in disbelief. This man realy had no clue. "Ari took a hit from an Haqeeqah to save me. She jumped in front of it for me," he emphasized so his father could truly understand the significance of his point. "You stood by and watched Nicki beat me to a pulp for years for something I didn't do. You even took your turn slapping me around to prove to her that you loved her more. A woman who didn't even have the decency to stay faithful to you." He shook his head, suddenly feeling pity for his father. "Ari is more than a perfectly nice girl. She's my family. More than you've ever been."

Luca stared at him, a myriad of unnamed emotions in his eyes.

"So yeah." Jai nodded, trying to wil the exhaustion out of himself. "I'm going to give it al up for her, even if it means chasing after an idiot who was dumb enough to make a stupid wish." He twisted his mouth in wry amusement as he shot her a look. The amusement, however, slipped away quickly as he took in her expression. Her face was open and her own heartfelt love for him was palpable in the air for al to feel.

A rap at the door broke the spel between them and Jai turned, surprise jolting through him at the sight of Trey's tal, familiar figure striding into the room.

"Trey?"

His best friend's face darkened as he took in Jai's appearance. Feeling self-conscious for the first time since he was a kid, Jai rubbed a hand over his beard. He needed a shower. He could have magicaly cleaned himself up, as wel as have gotten rid of the beard while in the bottle but it realy had been the furthest thing from his mind.

"You look like hel," Trey breathed, horrified.

Jai smirked at his image-conscious friend. "Thanks. What are you doing here?"

Trey cleared his throat, casting a quick look Ari's way. "Uh, Glass came to me. Told me my friends might need me."

"Glass?" Jai raised an enquiring eyebrow. "You're caling him Glass?"

He shrugged casualy, like it was no big deal he was on a 'first' name basis with an immortal Jinn King. "Ari cals The Red King, Red."

"Because he's my uncle," Ari replied, her nose wrinkling with concern. "Trey, watch yourself. I don't want Glass taking a shot at you for being disrespectful."

Trey chuckled throatily as he winked at her. "Don't worry. I think Glass likes it when I'm disrespectful."

Ari's eyebrows rose in curiosity but Jai had grown very stil. Crap. He knew his best friend better than anyone and he knew the look in Trey's eyes. Please tell me

you are not fooling around with a Jinn King? He telepathed, disbelieving Trey's utter stupidity.

His friend's smirk slipped but his eyes stil glittered with humor. Fine, I won't tell you. Spoil sport. Anyway, you have bigger problems. "Falon is with Charlie," Trey announced out loud. "The Roes are heading out after them, but we'l get there quicker using the Peripatos. Plus, you have a trace on Falon which we can use if they're not at the motel." His gaze clouded with worry as it searched Jai's face. "You up for this?"

Reluctantly shoving aside his concern over his best friend's possible affair with The Glass King, Jai nodded and wiped a hand over his face to clear the beard. His magic shimmered around him, cleaning his body and replacing his dirty clothes with clean ones from the wardrobe in his condo. It wasn't the same as a soothing shower or a calming shave, but it would have to do.

Feeling a little better, he gave Ari a nod to let her know he was behind her one hundred percent. "Let's do this."

27 - Being Too Early is Almost as Rude as Being Too Late

It was six o' clock. Six hours until the meet. The meet that would change it al. He hoped.

Too much adrenaline was making his nerves ragged and his stomach sick. Charlie heaved another huge sigh, running a hand through his hair as he paced up and

down the motel room. He just wanted out. He wanted out now. He wanted his hand around the emerald and he wanted to torture the evil scum who had destroyed his family's life.

He wanted to be at peace at last.

He wanted Mikey to be at peace at last.

He needed Mikey to know that he cared...

... The late afternoon sun beat down on the car as Charlie waited outside the grounds of the park Mike's Little League team used for practice. His knee

shaking up and down with growing impatience, Charlie checked the clock. Crap. He was going to be late to pick up Ari, and if they didn't make their dinner reservations the whole night would start to fall to pieces. It had to be perfect. He had her sixteenth birthday all planned out. This was the night. This was the night they finally became a couple.

So where the hell was his little brother?

Charlie growled, watching the other kids come out to meet their parents. The practice had obviously run over, but nearly every other single kid had been picked up.

Fear suddenly knifed Charlie in the chest.

Had something happened to Mikey?

Unbuckling his seat belt, fingers fumbling with worry now, Charlie launched out of the car heading in towards the park. Some of the moms threw him

curious smiles. He was wearing slacks and a dress shirt. He felt like a dork.

Seeing Mrs. Myer and her daughter, Jane, Charlie stopped them. "Have you seen Mike?"

Mrs. Myer looked down at Jane expectantly. The little girl from Mike's grade shook her head, her tongue gluing down in Charlie's presence as it always

did. Mrs. Myer smiled apologetically at Charlie. "I guess that's a no. Check the park. There are still some kids in there."

"Thanks."

He hurried down the path bordered by a chain link fence and growled with a mixture of relief and anger as the park came into view behind the dugout.

Mikey was standing in the middle of the field with a bunch of friends, messing around.

Little pain in the ass, Charlie seethed. He knew Charlie had to be on time and he was kicking around with his friends? Where the hell was the coach?

"Get your ass over here now, Mike!" Charlie yelled.

"Mr. Creagh!" a familiar voice snapped as Mike blanched at the sight of his big brother, shoving a friend aside as they sing-songed 'ooh, you're in

trouble'. Charlie turned to face Mike's Little League coach who was busy clearing equipment away. She glared at him. "Watch your mouth."

"Sorry, Coach, but I'm late for something and the little sh... idiot knows it."

"Hmm. Mikey, get moving!" Coach yelled and Charlie gave her a brittle nod of thanks.

Mike trundled towards him, dragging his feet. As soon as he was in reaching distance, Charlie snagged him by the scruff of his shirt and gently pushed

him in front of him.

"Hey, watch it!" Mike snapped.

"Watch it?" Charlie huffed. "Watch it? I'm going to be late for my date with Ari. The date I told you about! Get in the damn car." He jumped into the

driver's seat, slamming the door.

Deliberately riling him, Mike took painfully slow steps towards the car until Charlie smacked his hand on the horn. He picked his pace up a little, but not enough to temper Charlie's growing anger.

"You're a little shit, you know that," Charlie groaned as Mike buckled up. He sighed, trying to rein in his bad mood.

"You're an a**hole."

"Mike..." Clenching the steering wheel, Charlie took deep breaths as he pulled away from the curb. "I told you I had dinner reservations with Ari and

that you needed to be ready and waiting for me to pick you up, and not only does Little League run over its time, but you hung out back with your friends with a complete disregard to what I asked you to do!"

"You're not dad." Mike shrugged. "You don't get to tell me what to do."

"What is your problem?" Charlie asked in disbelief.

"I forgot! Okay! You didn't have to pull me away from my friends and make me look like a baby."

"You're acting like a baby."

"I'm acting like a baby? You're the one who swore in front of Coach Delia and then called me a little shit."

"You called me an a**hole," Charlie's voice lowered as he winced at the underlying tone of hurt in Mike's voice. He was taking his nervousness over

tonight out on Mike. It wasn't fair.

"You are an a**hole."

"Don't use that language."

"But you're allowed to?"

Feeling his irritation build again, Charlie slapped the wheel. "Can you just for five seconds not act like a little brat?"

"Oh now I'm a brat and an a**hole."

Charlie whipped his head around to glare at him. "Seriously, dude, what is going on?"

"Nothing." Mike shrugged and then shot him a look when he wouldn't turn away. "Nothing!"

Charlie turned back to face the road and his heart jerked in his chest at the sight of the cyclist who seemed to have come out of nowhere. The sound of

Mike's yells became garbled among the sound of screeching tires and the crunching of metal...

... "You're making me nervous, pacing up and down like that." Falon glowered at him from her position, leaning against the bathroom doorframe. "Stop it. I don't do nervous."

Charlie gave her a weak smile as she puled him from his last memory of Mike. A terrible memory. He continued to pace as he checked his watch. Only six fifteen.

Jesus.

A playful knock at the door stopped him in his tracks, his eyes clashing with Falon's. They were both frozen, silently communicating on what to do. Finaly Falon nodded.

Treading softly so whoever was at the door wouldn't hear his footsteps, Charlie crossed the room and looked through the peephole. He frowned. No one. A sense of unease rippled over him as he gripped the door knob and began to ease the motel room door open, his magic bubbling at his fingertips. Like he'd been hit with a gale force gust of wind, Charlie staggered back as a streak of color tore past him and into the room. He whirled around, dazed, his eyes widening on the tal, skinny woman who stood beside Falon. She was plain-looking with red hair, pale skin and... yelow eyes. Yelow eyes?

"Looking for me?" she smirked and just as Charlie registered that this was the Labartu, that this was Akasha, she had Falon's head between her hands.

CRACK.

Falon's delicate neck snapped, the life abandoning her body as it crumpled uselessly, empty, souless to the floor. Unreality washed over Charlie as he stared at the place his dead girlfriend's body had been discarded.

He fought a sudden rush of vomit, gagging as he reached for a wal to lean against.

"Now that's two people you'l want to exact revenge from me for, little boy."

Breathing hard, Charlie pushed himself back off the wal to face her, his hand dipping into his pocket with a mind of its own, considering his own mind was numb with shock. Akasha was too fast. The wind of her departure blew him back again and Charlie stood befuddled for a moment, Falon's body lying at the edge of his vision, taunting him to look.

Instead he curled his fingers around the emerald. Find her, he whispered inwardly, his rage quiet but inextinguishable. Find her. The flames of the Peripatos engulfed him and Charlie closed his eyes, preparing himself for a slaughter.

28 - And They Say a Wealth of Emeralds Won't Change You...

Ari watched as Michael Roe comforted his sobbing wife while Falon's Uncle Gerard and Jacob Balendine arranged Falon's body into a wooden crate lined with

blankets. They'd Cloak it as they removed her from the motel, using the one piece of emerald The Roe Guild kept in their safe.

Jai's hand lay on Ari's shoulder, offering her quiet comfort, but she was numb. Falon's body looked so tiny and that cute face that had been so ful of character was pale and slack. Empty. She was no longer in there.

It was too much.

Too much death to deal with al at once. Too much aching loss.

"Charlie didn't do this," Trey announced to the room as he snapped his cel shut. "Glass confirmed that Akasha was sent here by Azazil. She must have kiled..." his eyes grew narrow with fury at the sight of Falon's body. "...She kiled Falon and she took Charlie. Or Charlie took off after her."

Caroline's sobs grew quieter but Ari's own grief only intensified as she watched Gerard wipe a tear away from his cheek as the lid on the crate shut his niece in. It seemed impossible to believe that Falon would never talk to her again. That they would never exchange playful barbs and insults, or just hang out.... Theirs had been an open, honest kind of friendship. One Ari had truly appreciated.

She had lost the one girlfriend who realy knew and understood her...

... And worse... Charlie had lost her too.

She couldn't imagine what he was going through right now. What he was thinking. How he was reacting.

"He realy cared about her," she whispered almost to herself. "They were together. Together, together. God," she choked, "He must be going nuts." Turning to Jai, Ari was demanding, determined. "We have to find him. We have to stop him."

"If you find him," Michael's flat voice drew everyone's attention. "If you stop him, he's out of The Guild and no longer under the Roe's protection. His bitter need for revenge has gotten my daughter murdered."

Ari blanched, even in that moment, feeling like she needed to defend Charlie somehow. Falon had known what she was doing when she came after Charlie. Falon

had cared about him. She was just trying to protect him. Charlie would never have wanted anything to happen to her.

"Michael..." she didn't realy know how to respond.

"He's out, Ari. That's final. I understand if that means you're out too."

The truth was she couldn't answer that right now. The thought of leaving Charlie defenseless when he needed her seemed unthinkable. But for now, it wasn't what mattered. What mattered, Ari realized, as she took in the pure agony on Michael's face, was that the Roes needed to grieve in private, and they were al intruding.

"I understand." This might be the last time she saw them. Charlie was her best friend, although it may not have seemed like it lately. They were bonded by years of friendship, and he needed her just as the Roes needed one another. "We better go." Ari tugged on Jai and Trey's arms.

"If there's anything we can do," Jai suddenly spoke up, his voice grave and strong, the kind of guy who could be believed when he said he'd take care of something.

"Michael... please let me know."

Caroline was deaf to everything but her own loss, but Michael heard and he gave Jai a grateful nod before curling his wife deeper into his arms.

Outside the motel, standing in the badly-lit parking lot, Ari finaly felt like she could breathe again. "This is unreal," she mumbled, trying to shake off the deep sadness that was making her shiver to the very depth of her bones. Later, she could curl up in Jai's arms and cry until there was nothing left, but not right now.

Glancing with renewed determination between Jai and Trey, Ari tried to mask her fragility. "How can we pick up Charlie and the Labartu's trail?"

Trey's cel pinged and he flipped it open, his eyes scanning the message with satisfaction. "Sometimes it's like a god listening in," he murmured with a smirk. "We don't need to." He looked up at them, the smirk replaced by something grimmer. "Glass. He says Akasha has fled to Sydney Marone Middle School here in Alief. It's a new school, stil under construction."

Ari's mouth dropped open, her eyes on Trey's cel. "Should Glass be doing that? I thought Azazil wanted him out of it."

"Technicaly, the Sultan said that Red should stay out of it. Plus, it's not like he's physicaly helping."

"Jinn and there technicalities," Ari grumbled. Then she frowned, a new thought occurring to her. "I thought you and Glass disliked one another?"

Trey was utterly beautiful as he grinned at her; his exotic grey eyes were wicked beneath their dark lashes. "Oh we definitely have our moments."

Bemused by his enigmatic comments when it came to The Glass King, Ari shrugged him off. She turned to her boyfriend. He stil looked so tired, and concern for him flooded her. She wanted him out of this. He hadn't fuly recovered his strength yet. "I'm going with Trey. I want you to stay with the Roes."

"Oh, so it's okay for me to die?" Trey cracked. "I'm touched. Realy."

Ari glared at his inappropriate humor only to find her glower faltering under Jai's.

"There is no way in hel I'm letting you do this alone."

He was using that voice. Ari heaved a sigh, knowing he wouldn't budge on it. "Fine. I'l meet you guys there." Al three of them looked around to make sure no one watched as they melted back into the shadows behind three cars. Assured they had some privacy, they let the Cloak shroud them from visibility and then each of them caled on the Peripatos to take them to a sorcerer who desperately needed some sense driled into him.

The Labartu was playing with him.

Charlie's head was bleeding from where she'd thrown him against some scaffolding outside of the school as he arrived. A middle school, he thought distastefuly.

Fitting, for someone who liked to destroy little kids. Akasha was the worst kind of bad guy, Charlie sneered as he tread carefuly and slowly down a halway. A bad guy who was a bad guy for going after children? They were the lowest, vile, dregs found on the scum of the earth.

Even bad guys hated those kinds of bad guys.

Charlie stopped, his ears pricking up at the sound of Akasha's boot buckles clanking softly. The sound echoed from every direction, deliberately confusing Charlie.

This was the sixth time she'd played that trick.

"You're a coward!" he caled out, sounding far more calm and together than he felt.

The footsteps stopped.

Then started again, leading him this time in the one direction. A hole in the wal with doors piled near, waiting to be hung, led Charlie into a huge room. Checking out the counter at the opposite end and the large, shalow hatch that stretched the length of the counter, Charlie would have to guess this was the cafeteria.

Akasha was nowhere in sight.

The eerie quiet alowed his ears to give reign to his imagination. It wasn't her he heard as he spun slowly around, his eyes drinking in every shadow. It was Falon's laughter, her wicked chuckle echoing inside his head, the images of her, the smel of her, the sound... it al started to become confused with his memories of Mike.

Falon was gone.

Just like Mike, she was just a memory now too.

Charlie grew stil, his face crumpling with pain as an icy anger bled into his veins. Letting out a roar of grief, he wrapped his hand around the emerald stil hidden in his pocket.

What did he have left to lose? Right?

He flinched back, raising an arm to protect his eyes against the blinding light that lit up the darkness as someone approached from the Peripatos. Or someones-plural. His chest tightened as the spots across his eyes faded and he found himself facing Ari, Jai and Trey.

"Charlie." Ari rushed at him and a voice far back in his head pleaded with him to let her wrap her arms around him and save him. The other voice, the one in control, shook that weakness off, and whatever Ari saw in his expression made her stop.

"Charlie, you don't want to do this," she pleaded.

At his silence, her eyes widened as though she'd just thought of something.

Absentmindedly Charlie wondered how anyone could be so beautiful.

"I can." Ari nodded franticaly. "Yeah. I can do this for you. I won't be tried. I'm a ful-blood."

Surprise squeezed his heart. "You'd kil her for me?"

She nodded again, grasping anxiously at the idea. "She kiled Mike. She kiled Falon. I can do this."

The sight of her always made him catch his breath a little. He'd felt guilty, the whole time he was with Falon, that the sight of Ari walking into a room could stil make the hair on the back of his neck rise. For a moment, the warmth in her gaze broke through the haze around him and he felt like the Charlie he'd been before al this monstrous crap had happened. His eyes filed with tears as he drank her in. Those strange but beautiful eyes that couldn't hide how good she was. He had lost Mike and Falon, but he stil had Ari. And God, he stil loved her so much. He loved her husky laugh and her quick quips, her loyalty, her ability to listen to any idiot's problems with patience and sincerity.

Charlie realized with a dawning sad acceptance that he loved how pure she was. So much had happened to her, so much had been stolen from her-people that she loved-and yet somehow she hadn't let it poison her. Ari would never understand revenge. Justice, yes. But not revenge.

Charlie couldn't let her kil Akasha for him. It would change her. It would be another thing he wouldn't be able to forgive himself for.

The familiar sound of buckles brought his head around and his entire being tensed at the sight of Akasha smiling at him from her perch on the counter. The yelow-eyed bitch tilted her head to inspect Ari, Jai and Trey.

"You brought back up." She curled her lip in disappointment. "Figures."

Charlie glanced back at Ari, the emerald's power warring with the way he felt for her as it had done these last few weeks. It had always won because it had been there and Ari hadn't. But having her there in front of him, her eyes filed with love...

... If he did this, he'd lose her too. First Mike. Then Falon.

Could he handle losing Ari?

"Charlie?" Jai's voice cut through al the fog as the tal Ginnaye took a step towards him. It broke Charlie's focus from Ari.

His heart slowed as his eyes took in Jai and the emerald seemed to push images at him he didn't want to see. Jai gazing at Ari when she wasn't looking. Ari gazing back, looking at him in a way she had never looked at Charlie, even when she thought she was in love with him. Ari looked at Jai as though he would always take care of everything, that everything would be alright as long as he was around.

And it probably would.

Worse, most of the time, Ari looked at Charlie with a crease of concern between her brows. Just like now.

Who was he kidding? He railed bitterly.

He'd already lost her. He lost her two years ago when Akasha kiled his brother!

With a roar of impotent rage, Charlie withdrew the emerald from his pocket and turned its power on Akasha.

Her eyes had barely widened with shock before her body was torn apart-an explosion of guts, blood, innards and brain splattering the wals and floors around her.

Disbelief.

A disconnected sense of disappointment filed Charlie to the brim and his chest rose and fel rapidly as he tried to draw breath.

The emerald pulsed in his hand and he calmed instantly, looking down at it with awe. Its sweet, exciting power soothed over him and Charlie sighed with relief as though he'd been in agony only to have someone administer a huge dose of morph**e.

He'd wanted to torture Akasha.

To punish her.

It had been over too quickly.

He'd meant to drag it out.

But the emerald-he needed to learn how to control his use of it.

"Charlie?" Ari practicaly squeaked.

Charlie glanced over his shoulder at her. One last bitter look. He didn't have much time.

"That's got to be Mount Qaf emerald," Trey pointed out hoarsely, gesturing at the rock in Charlie's hand. His eyes flew up to Charlie's face. "It was you. At the Roe's. It was you. Glass lied. The son-of-a-bitch lied."

"What? What is going on?" Ari asked franticaly, her own eyes trained on the emerald.

"Red," Charlie responded quietly as he began to back away from her. When he looked at her the peace the emerald was giving him began to fade a little. He needed that peace. He needed it more than he needed her. She'd been unfaithful to their friendship. She'd falen so easily in love with someone else.

Is she really that pure? An insidious voice whispered in his ear.

"Red gave it to me." He eyed the emerald adoringly. "To help me escape when al this was over."

"Charlie, no..." Ari started towards him but Jai reached out and grabbed her arm, holding her back, his gaze suspicious and uncertain upon Charlie.

Charlie hated him for holding her back. For being able to. The things he could do to bring down the powerful Ginnaye who had Ari under his spel; the things he could do now that he had Mount Qaf emerald in his hand.

"Charlie. Drop the emerald," Ari demanded.

"No." He wasn't a pawn anymore and al because he had the emerald.

"Charlie."

The grief in her voice drew his gaze away from the emerald and he saw her eyes were filing with tears. For him. Something tried to crack its way through as his gaze dropped to her lush, trembling mouth. She had been his to protect before Mike died. She would have been stil, he had no doubt.

One day, the soft voice in the back of his murmured, one day she might be mine to protect again.

The emerald throbbed in his palm and he glanced back down at it. One day when had proven he was capable of it, he'd come back to protect her-but not today

when just the sight of her ripped him apart and filed him with uncertainty, regret and hatred.

"Goodbye, Ari," he whispered and then he stepped back summoning the flames of the Peripatos as though he had been born to do it al of his life. The sound of Ari's grief stricken cries drew a grin to his face, and he tightened his fist around the emerald wondering where it would take him next.

Epilogue - The Right Jinn for the Job

Ari was glad for the feel of Jai's hand in hers as they walked down Michael Roe's staircase towards his office. She'd felt so helpless these last few days, so useless-her position among the Jinn so unstable. She needed a sense of purpose.

Going back to school, starting her education might have been an option. Ari wasn't sure she could go back to living a normal life, being a normal colege girl. The fact was that it might not even be an option for her yet.

Al she had was her love for Jai, and although they were crazy about one another and Ari was so grateful for him, the two of them weren't stupid enough to think they didn't need something else in their lives. Especialy Jai, who was used to being in action al the time.

Ari glanced up at his strong profile and felt a familiar kick to her heart. She was worried about him. It was taking him a while to get over what his father had done to him, and no matter how much he tried to pretend that it was irrelevant because he had Ari now, she knew he was stil hurting.

She squeezed his hand and he gave her a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes.

She understood.

He was concerned.

Ari was too. There was stil so much up in the air.

After Charlie had disappeared, leaving Ari a bubbling mess as she tried to come to terms with losing her mom, Falon and her best friend al within a twenty four hour period, Jai had insisted they return to The Guild. They both knew that the Charlie who'd kiled Akasha, who had looked back at her before stepping into the Peripatos, wasn't her friend anymore. Like Dali, Charlie had been poisoned by the emerald's power.

He'd had a substance abuse problem. How could Red possibly have thought someone with an addiction to dangerous coping mechanisms would be able to handle

that much power? No. Charlie was gone. She didn't know if she'd ever see him again. The Guild was the only place that was familiar and safe to her now. Michael hadn't exactly welcomed them with open arms, especialy after discovering Charlie had succeeded in kiling Akasha and had in his possession a rare piece of Mount Qaf emerald that apparently could make Jinn explode at wil.

But Michael had let them stay.

Trying to be useful, to be helpful, Ari had wanted to be there for Caroline in any way she could. But she was surrounded by family and friends from The Guild who helped with Falon's funeral arrangements and taking care of the house. Ari was pushed to the side. She got it. They were closer. They were family.

Before and just after Falon's funeral the house had been filed to the brim with people coming and going.

Today was the first day it was empty. Today was the first day Ari could realy touch and taste the thickened air of grief that clung to every wal, every door...

Trey was keeping an eye on Caroline, making sure she was functioning, cracking jokes, wiping her tears, and constantly checking his celphone. Was it for Glass?

Ari wondered, her suspicions about those two growing deeper the more and more she thought about it. She hoped if Trey heard anything from Glass he'd let her know.

She stil hadn't heard a word from Red and had no idea where her mother had been buried. If she'd been buried.

Then there was of course the matter of Asmodeus and The White King who stil had unfinished business with her. According to Jai, who'd had word from Luca that Yasmin had been bitching about waking up to find out she could talk about what Ari had commanded her to do, this signaled the possibility of a new threat. It might be that everyone she'd commanded was no longer under that compulsion. The Ghulah. Pazuzu. Would they come after her for revenge?

Ari blew out her breath between her lips as they entered Michael's office. He was waiting for them, absentmindedly staring into the fireplace. The room must have been toasty and warm with the flames roaring to life for the first time since Ari had come to stay with him. Everyone kept complaining about the cold snap that had blown into New Jersey, but as per usual, Ari and Jai couldn't feel it.

Another aching pang lit up Ari's chest at the sight of Michael, his strong face so drawn with sadness. Did Michael blame her? After al, if she'd never entered The Guild's lives, bringing Charlie along for the ride, Falon would stil be alive.

"Sit down, please." Michael gestured to the two seats before his desk.

Feeling unexpected gremlins start to eat the butterflies in her bely, Ari swalowed hard, awaiting his decision on whether he was alowing her permanently back into The Guild.

"You keep looking at me, Ari, as if you expect me to suddenly throw you out of the house." He frowned at her, seeming so exhausted and a little annoyed.

Ari winced. She hadn't realized she'd been so obvious.

"As a member of The Guild, we are aware that a short life is a possibility. My daughter was aware of this and I'm trying to accept it, knowing my daughter died in service to a friend." Bitterness sprinkled over the word friend. "I've already spoken with Jai and offered you both a place in The Guild along with Trey."

Taken aback, Ari glanced over at Jai and he offered her an apologetic smile for not teling her before now.

"Jai has purchased a property in the area for himself and Trey to live in. It's in the neighborhood so they can be close at hand for me. I am grateful to have them in The Guild." He nodded respectfuly at Jai and then when he looked at Ari his gaze turned knowing and almost... fatherly? "He also made me aware of the true nature of your relationship with him. I know you're eighteen but you have no parents and I would feel remiss in my duties as your Guild leader if I didn't urge you to consider staying here with me and Caroline instead of moving in with two older men. But Mr. Bitar wants you to have the choice."

Wide-eyed Ari turned to face Jai, her mouth faling open slightly. Unexpected excitement started to swat at the gremlins in her bely. Move in with you? She telepathed.

He smiled softly. If you want.

The gremlins started to swat back at the excitement as the thought of living with Jai sank in. it was fast. They'd be living together like a real couple. She was only eighteen. They hadn't even slept together yet, and Trey would be their roommate. Or would they al just be roommates-as in she'd have her own room? Or-oh crap.

She felt a little dizzy.

Suddenly Jai took her hand, his eyebrows drawn together in worry. Ari peeked at him through the curtain of her hair and felt something punch her in the chest when she found more than worry lurking at the back of those gorgeous eyes of his. She saw fear.

Fear that she didn't want him?

Ari tightened her hold on his hand.

They would be living together. She'd get to see him every day. To know he was safe.

They'd get to make-out without any interruptions.

Hopefuly.

Trey would be there too, and she cared about Trey. The two of them made her feel safe.

They were family.

The excitement swung at the gremlins with a basebal bat. "I'm going to stay with my family. I want to move in with Jai and Trey."

Michael didn't look at al happy. "People might talk."

"Then let them talk." Ari shrugged, completely unbothered by the thought. "There are worse things in life than gossip."

Heaving a sigh, Michael finaly nodded, his eyes growing heavy with grief again. "Yes. There is. Which brings me to my next piece of news."

Jai's hand tightened in hers almost to the point of being painful and Ari felt the excitement inside her die-death by dread. "News?"

"Your last assignment was taken over by my uncle's son, Aidan. You may remember him from Phoenix."

Ari nodded. She hadn't realy gotten to talk to him much.

"Aidan posed as a supply teacher and discovered that the art teacher, a Mr. Sam Shepherd, had a Qarin."

"A what?"

"A double," Jai explained. "A person's doppleganger. They usualy try to turn their human double to the dark side, or in some cases they just want to mess up their human double's life. Not al are bad. But most are."

"Yes," Michael agreed. "And this one was. He posed as the art teacher and would grant wishes through a student's painting. He'd get them to paint what they

wanted most."

That made sense, Ari thought. When she first felt the power of the Jinn in the school hals it must have been the Qarin she'd encountered. Then when she met Sam, he was the human counterpart.

"Aidan discovered a locked closet filed with paintings. The four missing kids. They were trapped inside their paintings. Aidan said it was one of the most bizarre things he's seen. There was a kid trapped in the painting of," he shot Ari an apologetic look, "an 'adult' movie scene. For Christ's sake."

Jai did not just snort? Ari made a face at him before turning back to Michael. "So what happened?"

"The Qarin knew he'd been busted and he fled with his human double. We're tracking him but we'd like to put you on notice. If he starts up shop somewhere new and somewhere under our jurisdiction, we want you and Jai out there to stop him. He's a number one priority and from now on-seeing as I have three ful-bloods in my Guild-any priority hunts are now priority kils. Jai told me Red said something about ful-bloods not being tried." He smiled humorlessly at being privy to the truth about the Law.

Ari nodded a little dumbly. She knew it echoed the promise she had given Michael in the speech she'd used to convince him to let her become a hunter, but to hear it so bluntly put...

Michael was asking her, Jai and Trey to be his personal assassins.

She shot a look at Jai but he seemed calm. He seemed ready.

Be a grown up, Ari, she chastised herself. You wanted a purpose.

"Okay," she agreed.

"Ari..." Michael cleared his throat, suddenly looking incredibly uncomfortable. "The Roe Guild has been given another priority assignment, orders from Mount Qaf."

His gaze darkened and his eyebrows dipped in fierce thought. "We're to aid the Law Makers in a hunt. This one is considered extremely dangerous and impossible to find. That's why we need you on it."

Her heart was suddenly pounding in her chest and she felt her palms begin to sweat. Feeling her tremble, Jai squeezed her hand. She let go of the breath she was holding, salt stinging her eyes as she tried to fight her emotions in order to be able to take what he was about to say.

"He's a half-blood. Sort of. So this is a track and kil order."

"Why me? Why do you need me?" Ari needed him to say it.

"Because you know him better than anyone. You know his habits. His haunts."

"Track and kill...?" she choked, disbelief wrapping its hands around her throat.

"If we don't take him out, someone else wil." Michael shook his head, his eyes surprisingly ful of sympathy. "I can't imagine how hard this is for you, Ari, but he is gone. That's not him anymore."

"Just say it," she hissed furiously. "Just say his name."

Michael nodded, his expression grim but determined. "It's Charlie. Our next target is Charlie Creagh."

To be continued...

