Prologue

Vince Cappelleti had dodged the bullet. Literally. It had cut so close to his head that he'd felt the wind burn all the way down to his DNA.

Luckily, he possessed reflexes that made lightning look slow-something he could thank Uncle Sam and a childhood spent on theNew York Citystreets for. Not to mention that he'd always been able to think quickly and move his ass when he had to.

And tonight he'd had to.

Now there was nowhere to hide where they wouldn't find him. No one he could turn to for fear of betrayal or of them dying because of him.

Vince was alone. Then again, he'd been that way most of his life.

He didn't dare go to the authorities-they would only get him killed even faster than taking his chances on the street. Their brand of protection was a joke and all they would do is get in his way and cause a lot more innocent people to die.

He didn't dare leave the city by car, bus or plane. If he left a trail of any sort, they would find him.

If he breathed wrong, they would find him.

Basically, he was screwed, and not in the good way.

Vince let out a long, tired breath as he leaned against the brick wall and loosened his grip on the .45 that had once again saved his life.

He'd slipped into the dark alley and escaped the hit men who were hot on his ass. But they would be back. Sooner or later, they would discover his trick and double back to find him.

He heard a car approaching.

His heart racing, Vince raised his weapon, ready to do whatever he had to do to survive this night.

The hiss of rain and the drone of the engine echoed in his ears. It was moving slowly, methodically...looking for him, most likely.

He aimed for the opening of the alley, lining up for his shot.

Then he saw the black stretch limo that gleamed in the rain. In this neighborhood, it could be only one person. He smirked at the thought.

So Gino Martelli had come himself. He was honored. It wasn't often Gino got his hands dirty anymore.

Fine. Let them have this out then. It was time he and Gino set things right between them.

Just as Vince was ready to open fire, the door opened.

Instead of gunshots, he heard a low, deep command. "Get in."

It took a full ten seconds to register the voice. It was one he hadn't heard in a long time, and it wasn't Gino's.

Vince glanced around to make sure no one could see him, then he dodged into the car and slammed the door shut behind him.

Soaking wet from the rain, he threw himself into the long seat that curved around behind where the driver was on the other side of the raised partition.

"You planning on shooting me?" Z asked.

Vince glanced down to the gun in his hand. He flipped the safety on and then straightened up in the seat to face the man who had once been his brother-in-law.

But more than that, Wulfgar Zimmerman had once been his friend. At least as much as a troubled juvenile delinquent and a straight-laced boy genius could be friends.

"What are you doing here, Z?" he asked.

"Saving your ass, what else?" He tossed him a towel.

Vince grabbed the towel and rubbed it against his dripping black hair. "And how did you find my ass?"

Z smiled at that. "I have my ways."

Vince glanced around the limo and remembered the kids they had been. Back in the run-downStaten Islandneighborhood where they'd grown up, they had only dreamed of ever being inside a car like this. Z had earned his limo through hard work and legal investments.

Vince had earned his in much less refined and legal ways.

But he had to admit, he was strangely proud of Z, who had been a scrawny kid. Vince had spent most of their childhood beating the shit out of the other kids who wanted to pick on Z.

There was no trace of that skinny kid now. Z was one of the richest men in the country. His black Armani power suit and black silk shirt were refined. With long, dark brown hair, a small goatee and a muscular build that would rival his own, Z looked like he could now beat the shit out of anyone dumb enough to cross him.

Z offered him a silver flask.

Draping the towel over his shoulder, Vince grabbed it without asking what it was and took a drink to find it contained brandy. The good stuff. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before he took another drink.

"I moved your mother into my house," Z said. "I've got security guards all over her."

Vince choked as his stomach sank. "She knows?"

"No. I told her that I was the one under threat and that since she's my mother-in-law someone might hurt her wanting to get to me. She didn't question it."

She wouldn't. His father had once been a bagman for the family, which meant she was used to obeying without asking questions.

Vince was relieved at the news. The last thing on earth he wanted was for his mother to learn the truth about him or, God forbid, be hurt because he was an idiot.

He narrowed his eyes on Z. "How didyou know about me?"

His bland expression didn't change. "I know everything you've done since you left the Marines, Vince. Everything."

He expected condemnation from Z, but he didn't get it. Z merely sat there, quietly watching him as his driver moved them through the busy city streets.

"Did you ever tell Susan?" he asked Z.

"No. I loved my wife too much for that. It would have killed her to know what her big brother was doing with his life. I let her think you were a legitimate businessman."

He inclined his head in gratitude. Z had always been a good man. Since Vince's sister Susan had died, Z had spent his life honoring her memory and watching out for Vince's mother. "Thanks, Z. I owe you."

"No you don't. I owe you for all the years you kept watch over my sisters and Susan...not to mention all the ass-beatings you took on my behalf."

Vince snorted. "No one ever got the better of me, Wulf. You know that."

Z smiled in agreement.

Vince took another swig of brandy, then returned his .45 to his concealed holster. "Where are you taking me anyway?"

"I have a private plane waiting at the airport. No one but me knows the destination. The pilot has the coordinates in a sealed envelope and he won't open them until after takeoff. Then he'll be routed off for a two-month vacation on an island someplace where no one can find him. Believe me, I'm sending you somewhere safe."

Vince had a hard time believing that. He knew the people who wanted him dead, and his life didn't lend itself to optimism. "What about Gino?"

"I'll take care of it."

"How?"

"Don't worry. There are things in life a hell of a lot more frightening than cops and death to a man like him."

Yes, there were. But Vince wasn't stupid enough to believe for one minute that Gino would ever let him go no matter what Z threatened him with.

Vince knew too much.

He had done too much.

Still, this was his best bet for extending his life beyond tonight. So long as he was inNew York, his life expectancy was about eight seconds. Here he was in the heart of Gino's territory.

Anywhere else, and Gino would be at a disadvantage.

It was a long shot Vince was willing to take.

Chapter One

If there was a Richter scale for erotic experiences, this one would shatter the record.

Robin Daniels moaned deep in her throat as her lover's hand slid slowly up the inside of her thigh in an electrifying caress that culminated with his long, lean fingers stroking her between her thighs where she was wet and hot, waiting for him. She'd been craving him for weeks now. This man with the perfect male body, killer smile and eyes so green they didn't seem to be real.

Perfect lips that quirked up with a wicked charm. Lips that did naughty things to her body. She couldn't wait to feel his c*ck deep and hard inside her. To hold him close while he thrust himself into her over and over until they were both sweaty and spent.

His touch set her on fire.

But if either one of them were ever caught during one of their secret meetings, their lives would be over.

Their love would be over.

So he came to her at night like some incubus who needed to feed from her body.

She could deny him nothing. Whatever he asked, she would gladly cede.

Opening her legs, Robin gave him full access to the part of her that craved him most. The part of her that was aching and wet, desperate for his touch.

It was an invitation he took boldly as he slid his fingers even deeper inside her, seeking out her warmth and making her body burn with frenzied lust.

Robin hissed, arching her back. Her br**sts tightened, straining against the cotton of her T-shirt.

"That's it," he said, his voice deep and husky. "Show me how much you want me."

"I want you, baby," she murmured, barely recognizing her own voice as she took his hard c*ck into her hand and toyed with the sensitive tip of it.

Oh yes, he felt good there. She let his wetness coat her fingers while she stroked him, exploring the hard, long length of him. She ran her hungry fingers over the thick, heavy vein, down lower until she could cup his sac in her palm.

He groaned at her gentle caress.

She captured his lips with hers, tugging his bottom lip between her teeth as she tasted him fully.

Before this night was over, she would make him hers for all eternity.

After tonight, Brendan would never want another woman.

She was going to ride him until he begged her for mercy....

"Allison. Cleanup, aisle five."

Allison George jerked her head up from her book as she heard her name called over the intercom. It wasn't until the manager had repeated his command that she left her dream world completely.

Damn. She was just getting to the really good part.

It never failed.

Sighing, she flipped to the front of the book and looked wistfully at the advertisement.

What's your fantasy?

Do you ever dream of getting away from it all? Just for a week or two?

Have you ever read a romance novel and thought...

What if?

Have you ever, just once, wanted to be the her**ne in a book and to have the man of your dreams come in and rock your world?

Your dreams could come true. Enter the Hideaway Her**ne Sweepstakes and you too could be headed off to be the her**ne in your favorite romance novel. Just send in your name, address and phone number, the title and author of your favorite book and the reason(s) why you need a break from your everyday life.

Two lucky winners will be selected every three months. No purchase necessary. Enter as many times as you like.

For more information, please visit HideawayHeroine.com.

Good luck!

Allison ran her hand over the words. Had she ever dreamed of getting away?

Was Brendan about to give Robin the best sex of her life?

Was he primo fabuloso?

Of course she dreamed of getting away. Every minute of every day. Unfortunately, that seemed about as likely as Brendan stepping out of his book and making her his fantasy lover.

Or of a house landing on top of her evil floor manager during a tornado and putting him out of her misery.

And speaking of the devil, he was headed straight for her. Allison hid her novel behind her back as her manager came down the book aisle with a stern grimace on his face. At fifty-two with salt and pepper hair, Dan might have been attractive at some point, but the constant disdainful sneer robbed him of any appeal.

"Allison, there's a toddler who threw up on aisle five. Move your butt. We can't leave it there for someone to step in." He barely looked her way as he went past her.

Oh yeah, her life was just one great big bowl full of cherries.

If she was really lucky, maybe on her way home some uninsured driver would plow into her beat-up Dodge Neon and total it while leaving her completely hale and whole enough to walk back to work tomorrow and mop up more vomit. She sighed in disgust.

Wondering if she had just in fact conjured up another visit from the Bad Luck Fairy, Allison tucked the romance novel into her smock pocket.

For weeks now she'd been carrying it around, rereading the entry form and debating on whether or not she should enter.

But why bother?

No one like her ever won anything anyway. It was always some rich doctor or lawyer. Someone other than her. Someone who didn't really need the money or the break.

Still that tiny voice in her head kept saying, "Yeah, but maybe this once..."

She hated that voice. It had gotten her into plenty of trouble in her life.

Grabbing a broom and the special dry solution she needed to clean up the mess, Allison went to the aisle and tried not to think about just how much she truly hated her job.

As she worked, a small smile hovered at her lips.Hey look, I'm already Cinderella. All they need to do is send me over to housewares with the fireplaces and have me clean those out and I'm in business.

"Ally?"

She looked up and it took a full second for the voice to register. It was one she hadn't heard in way too long.

Margaret Dale.

The two of them had been best friends in high school. And in the ten years since they had graduated, Margaret hadn't changed a bit.

"Maggie May!" she exclaimed, using her old nickname for her friend.

The broom forgotten, Allison hugged her tight, grateful to see a friendly face again. "Good Lord, how long has it been?"

"Six or seven years, at least."

Allison's eyes teared up as she stepped back. Maggie's elegant blond hair was pulled back in a sleek ponytail. She wore a black pair of slacks and a chic, short-sleeved black sweater. But then Maggie had always looked like some fashion model walking away from a shoot. "You look fantastic!"

Maggie beamed, until she looked Allison up and down and then the smile faltered. Not in a condescending way, but in a way that said, "I'm sorry I got out and you got trapped in this godforsaken place."

Allison offered her a joking grin, even though a part of her was mortified at what she knew Maggie saw.

She stood in front of her elegant friend in her dark blue polyester smock, ill-fitting jeans and faded-out, oversized shirt. Worse, her own frizzy blond hair was in bad need of a trim and deep conditioning. Neither of which she could afford at the moment.

"I'm sorry about your mom," Margaret said quietly. "Had I known, I would have been here for the funeral."

Allison patted her arm as her throat tightened. She'd loved her mother more than anything. Ten years ago when she and Maggie had graduated high school, Maggie had gone to theUniversityofGeorgia, then moved off toNew Yorkafter graduation to be an editor. Meanwhile, Allison had stayed home to help her mother, who was dying of cancer. For nine years her mother had fought hard and then last spring, she'd lost the war.

God, how she missed her. It was still a raw, aching pain inside her. Her mother had been everything to her.

"I know," she said, rubbing Maggie's arm. "I'm sorry. I didn't even think about sending word to you until after the funeral was over. I just wasn't in my right mind."

Maggie nodded in understanding. "You've been busy. My mom told me that you're engaged to Gary Mitchell. Congrats. I know how much you always loved him."

Allison drew a shaky breath as she thought about her rattlesnake ex. "Yeah," she said in an overly exaggerated tone. "Just l-o-v-e him to pieces."

"Uh-oh. That sounds ominous."

She sighed as she picked up the broom. "Well, I found the dog in bed a week ago with one of the strippers from the Night Owl."

Maggie's face showed the horror Allison had felt when she'd stumbled in late from work to find the two of them going at it in her bed. "No!"

"Oh yeah."

"What did you do?"

"I grabbed my broom, swept both pieces of trash out of my house, then I went through and decided it was time to do a little fall cleaning. I gathered up everything of his I could find, threw it into a pile on my front lawn and then proceeded to have a weenie roast. I'm told you could see the flames for up to a mile away."

Maggie laughed. "What didGarydo?"

"He called the cops and I spent the night in jail. But it was so worth it. I just wish I'd been able to get my shotgun loaded before the police got there and had had a chance to fill his backside with buckshot...."

"Allison? Are you on break?"

Allison cringed at Dan's voice coming from behind her. She looked around to see his soured frown. "I'm just helping a customer, Dan. She wanted to know where the lightbulbs were."

He didn't buy it for a minute.

Allison led Maggie away from his hearing. "Sorry, Maggie, I can't really talk right now."

Nodding, Maggie let her gaze dip down to the pocket of Allison's smock where the top of her book was peeking out. She smiled."Sugar and Spice by Rachel Fire. You like it?"

"I love it. It's a great book."

Maggie's smile widened. "I edited it."

"You did not!"

"Yes, I did. She's one of the authors I discovered last year." Maggie tilted her head and looked back down the aisle to where Dan was still watching them. "Look, I don't want to get you into trouble. What time do you get off work?"

"Midnight."

"Okay, I'll be waiting out in the front lot with a pizza, a pack of Ho Hos and beer. Sound good?"

Allison laughed. When Maggie had been a college student, they would always celebrate her homecomings with pizza, Ho Hos and beer. A disgusting and yet somehow quite tasty salute.

"Sounds great. I'll see you in three hours."

Maggie stepped away from Allison, and headed straight toward the middle-aged floor manager who had been eyeballing them with tangible rancor.

"That's a great employee you have there," Maggie said to him. "She really knows the store."

He gave her a semi-hostile glare and walked off, leaving her with the childish desire to stick her tongue out at the soured beast.

But that would wait.

Pulling her phone out of her pocket, Maggie turned to see Allison straightening shelves.

She checked her wristwatch.

It was right atnine o'clock, and she knew exactly where her boss would be. Where he always was...sitting at his desk, working late into the night.

Z answered his cell phone on the third ring.

"Hey, Mr. Z, shouldn't you be at home?" It was an old joke between them. In truth, she was just as bad to work late as he was. But then she loved her job as an editor and as the head contest coordinator, and as a result, she had a hard time leaving her work behind at the end of the day.

"And why are you calling me atnine o'clockwhen you're supposed to be on vacation?" he asked in that deep sexy/provocative voice that always made her shiver.

But not nearly as much as the breathtaking man who held it. At six foot four, with a lean, rippling body that had been built for sweaty, exhausting sex, Wulfgar Zimmerman was one of the sexiest men who had ever been born.

"Oh because I've found us a live one," Maggie said. "Allison George. I went to high school with her and if she isn't a prime candidate for Hideaway Her**ne, then I'm not a workaholic and you're not rich."

Z was silent.

Maggie imagined him sitting at his large mahogany desk, staring out onto his breathtaking view of the New Yorkskyline with the light of his desk lamp cutting across the chiseled planes of his face.

Wulfgar Zimmerman, Z to his friends and family, was one of the richest men in the world.

He was also the loneliest.

Though to be honest, Maggie couldn't figure out why. There were plenty of women, herself included, who would practically sell their souls to call him their own. But Z wasn't interested. Ever since his wife had died three years ago, he'd withdrawn from the world.

She wondered if anyone would ever be able to reach him again.

"IslandB is open," he said at last. "You set things up on your end and let me know what you need to do to put this plan into motion."

"You got it, boss."

"And Maggie?"

"Yes?"

"Try not to work too much while you're at home. Enjoy your family. There's nothing else like them in the world."

She smiled. Z was also the kindest man she'd ever known. No wonder everyone in the company was so loyal to him. He didn't believe in treating them like employees. He treated them like family.

"I will.' Night."

He answered in kind, then hung up.

Maggie turned her phone off as she glanced back to where Allison was helping a customer.

Little did her friend know, her life was about to take an unexpected turn.

Nothing would ever be the same for Allison again.

Chapter Two

Three weeks later

What exactly is Hideaway Her**ne?" Allison asked Maggie while they sat inside the famed Elizabeth Arden Beauty Salon, where Allison was being pampered like a queen.

Allison had only dreamed of ever coming toNew York, never mind having a makeover at one of the most prestigious beauty salons in the world.

She still couldn't believe she'd won the drawing. Any more than she could believe the size of the limo that had picked her up at theNewarkairport and brought her to the Waldorf-Astoria where she would stay for the next two days while they bought her a wardrobe and made her into Robin Daniels from the book.

It was a dream come true.

"Hideaway Her**ne is kind of likeFantasyIsland," Maggie explained. "For one week, you get to live there as anyone you want to be. You can do anything you want to do, eat anything that appeals to you and best of all, you're surrounded by nothing but gorgeous men who will wait on you hand and foot."

Now that sounded like something far beyond wonderful. Imagine an island of men at your beck and call...yum!

"Are you serious?"

"Oh yeah." Maggie smiled. "Just wait until you see these guys. You are going to think you've died and gone to heaven."

She already had that feeling. "Is it safe?"

"Absolutely. There will be security guards hidden among the men. Nothing happens on the island unless you want it to. Everything there is geared for you and your tastes. Only your favorite foods will be offered, all the places you stay will be the colors you choose-that's why you filled out that stack of forms when you won."

Allison leaned back in the chair as the pedicurist came over and started to work on her feet.

Wow. This was the most unbelievable moment of her life. The sweepstakes had really paid off for her. In addition to the week of heaven, she'd also received ten thousand dollars in cash and a brand-new car. It was more than she'd ever dreamed of having.

"Thank you, Maggie."

"For what?"

"For letting me win this."

Maggie looked aghast at her. "I had nothing to do with it."

Yeah, right. Allison waved her words away. "I'm not stupid, you know. I've never won anything in my life. Then you show up, make me fill out the entry form and the next thing I know, I'm getting a phone call telling me I've won. I know you pulled a few strings and I really appreciate it."

"I promise you, it wasn't me. If you want to thank someone, thank Mr. Z when he picks you up at the hotel and takes you to the airport. He's the one who bought the islands and set this up for the winners."

Allison thought about the mysterious billionaire whose acts of charity were legendary. The tabloids and papers were full of how Wulfgar Zimmerman spent more money than he kept.

"How many islands are there?" she asked Maggie.

"There are three where you're going. All of them linked together by bridges. Z owns eight of them altogether in different parts of the world."

"And they're set up just to make someone's dreams come true?"

"Yes."

Allison had never believed in fairy tales before. But for the first time in her life, she was beginning to. "You must have a great boss."

"You have no idea."

"Ma'am?" the pedicurist asked.

Allison turned toward her. "Yes?"

"What color would you like your toenails?"

"Red," she said without hesitation. "Fire-engine red." Robin Daniels wouldn't be caught dead in anything less than that. And for the next week, she was going to toss off her old shell and bust loose.

Watch out world, Allison George was going to sow some wild oats.

Or at the very least scatter a few dandelions.

She looked back at Maggie while the lady began painting her toenails. "So what happens to me when I get to the island?"

"Your biker group will meet you at the airport and 'Harry,' Robin's supposed biker boyfriend, will put you on his motorcycle. You and the gang will ride out to Dino's Bar and Grill, where you'll have dinner and play some pool."

"Until Brendan shows up?"

"Just like in the book."

Allison liked the sound of that until she remembered what else was in the book. Robin and Brendan made out like bunnies whose only mission in life was to create their own population explosion.

She wasn't a virgin, but her sex life had never been much to talk about. She'd always been painfully shy and body-conscious-something her ex hadn't helped as he complained about her extra pounds. Unlike Robin, the real life Allison wasn't some svelte bombshell. She was a nice and even size fourteen, which at five foot five wasn't fat, but it was a far, far cry from the skinny ideal.

And if the guy pretending to be Brendan really looked like the "god" Brendan in the book, he was more likely to run in the other direction than he was to approach her.

This was not good.

"Will I be expected to..." She bit her lip as she looked uncomfortably at the woman at her feet. "You know," Allison tried again, "will he treat me like Brendan treated Robin...and as many times as Brendan treated Robin?"

Maggie laughed as she caught her meaning. "What happens between you and Brendan is up to you and you alone. What you do period on the island is up to you. Everyone there is a consenting adult and no one will ever be forced to do what they don't want to. But when it comes tothat, we have a strict don't ask, don't tell policy. Everything is in your hands. You can take your fantasy just as far as you want to."

"What if he doesn't like me?"

"What's not to like? Besides, this is your fantasy, girl. You can rewrite the book any way you desire. Believe me, there will be plenty of other guys around so that if you and Brendan don't hit it off, I'm sure you can find someone appealing. I've seen some of these guys. They will all curl those red toenails until your feet look like corkscrews."

Allison liked the sound of that. In her smallGeorgiatown, there were only a handful of truly spectacular<br/>

She wasn't really sure if any man was able to do that to a woman.

Maybe it was all a myth.

But what if it's not?

Three weeks ago, she would never have believed that a minimum-wage worker from backwoods Georgia would be sitting in Elizabeth Arden inNew Yorkgetting a pedicure either.

Imagine. Her on an island full of men whose only job was to make her happy.

Allison shook with nervous expectation and excitement. Forget her shy, awkward self. For the next week, she was going to be Robin Daniels. Femme fatale. Woman of the world who could get any man she wanted.

Watch out island. This little country girl was finally going to get her due!

Allison spent the next two days with Maggie, shopping and preparing herself mentally and physically for the coming week of fun.

When Wednesday morning arrived, she was as nervous as a three-tailed cat in a rocking chair factory. All of her new clothes had been taken first thing to the airport.

Now she was waiting for the mysterious Wulfgar Zimmerman to appear.

Maggie had warned her that Z never spoke much and that he always greeted the winners personally. She couldn't imagine what he must be like. Maggie hadn't really gone into it.

Someone knocked on the door.

Allison jumped up and rushed toward it, then reminded herself that she was Robin.

Robin never ran, she moved slowly, seductively.

Oh to hell with that, she ran to the door and opened it, then gaped like an idiot as she caught sight of the most incredibly handsome man she'd ever seen.

Z stood a good six foot four in a pair of faded jeans that hugged a body made for nibbling. He wore his dark brown hair just past his shoulders in a careless style that said he wasn't into his looks.

Still, it was devastating.

Hewas devastating.

A pair of black sunglasses covered his eyes and he had at least three days' worth of stubble on his face. He looked dark, mysterious.

Dangerous.

In no way did he resemble some billionaire tycoon who spent his life trying to make other people's dreams come true. He looked more like a movie star heartbreaker.

No wonder Maggie had told her most people in his office building thought he worked in the mail room. Rich men were not supposed to look likethis.

"Hi," she said, her heart pounding.

He inclined his head. "You ready?"

All she could do was nod.

Z held the door open for her as she numbly walked through it. Then he pulled the door closed and led her toward the elevators. "Have you enjoyed your stay here?"

She nodded again while he pushed the button for the elevator.

Of its own accord, her gaze swept down the back of him...over his black motorcycle jacket that displayed his wide shoulders to perfection, to his lean h*ps and butt that were covered in denim.

Oh yeah, this man had one finely shaped rump.

Grrrrowl...

Suddenly, she realized Z was watching her from the mirror on the wall between the elevators. That he could see her blatant case of Ogle-the-Stud.

Covering her face, she felt her cheeks grow hot. Please, please let her die now before she embarrassed herself even worse!

Z didn't say a word as the elevator doors on the right opened.

Following him inside, she struggled hard to regain her dignity. He removed his sunglasses and pressed the button for the lobby.

As the elevator doors closed behind them, she tried not to stare at how blue his eyes were. Were those real or contacts? Surely no one had eyes that color.

"Will you be coming to the island too?" she asked.

He certainly looked like what she thought a biker should look like. Especially with that deadly air of darkness that seemed ingrained in him.

"No. I'll be in touch though, just to make sure everything is going the way you want it to. If you have any problems, there will be a man there named Vince. Tell Vince and he'll get ahold of me ASAP."

Pity he wouldn't be there. Not that it mattered.

An average woman like her would never appeal to a man like this one. Just being near him made her sweat.

He led her out of the hotel and down to the street where she expected another limo. Instead, he took her toward a shiny black Harley.

"We're riding this?"

Again he inclined his head with a smile. "You wanted to be a biker's moll. No time like now to get into the spirit of it."

He handed her a helmet. Z straddled the bike, pulled his own helmet on, then kick-started the Harley.

Allison put her helmet on before climbing onto the bike behind him.

"Hold tight," he said over his shoulder.

Oh baby, she did. She held on to every inch of his lean, muscular body and wondered if Brendan would feel this good between her legs.

Allison!

She grinned at herself and the lascivious thoughts in her mind. To the devil with her bashful past. She was Robin now and Robin grabbed life with both hands. She took what she wanted and enjoyed life to the fullest.

For the next seven days, Allison would too.

Determined to put the past behind her, she watched them speed past theNew Yorktraffic. At long last, she really was headed into her wildest fantasies.

Watch out Brendan Tucker. Allison George was about to let loose every inhibition she ever had. Before she was through, she fully intended to ride something other than his Harley.

Chapter Three

Vince Cappelleti had never been anyone's fool, but as he stood out on the tarmac waiting for the private jet to land, he felt like the biggest jackass ever born.

What the hell was he doing here?

He rubbed his jaw as he surveyed the "men" around him. Jeremy Winslow-Vince didn't even want to contemplate the white-bread, prep-school cadence of that name-stood to his left, dressed in ragged jeans and a biker jacket. The blond man's hair was cut like a politician's and his smile gleamed so bright that Vince figured every tooth in the man's head had to be a cap.

Jeremy was to play Brendan Tucker, DEA agent, who was trying to infiltrate the biker gang he suspected of killing his brother.

The only thing Vince suspected Jeremy wanted to infiltrate was Bobby Sloan, the guy who was supposed to play Harry Braxton, biker leader.

It was enough to make him laugh.

The ten actors around him were too neat and clean to be the kind of men they portrayed. Men he'd known all his life. The kind of guys who lived hard and if they were lucky, died young.

"The plane's on its way in," Jeremy said, smiling that capped-tooth smile. "I'll head out and meet up with you guys later. Ta-ta."

Vince ground his teeth.Ta-freakin'-ta? What the hell was that? Man, in theStaten Islandneighborhood where he'd grown up, they would have eaten this pack of guys for breakfast and used their bones to pick their teeth.

Suddenly the idea of handing himself over to Gino Martelli started to look appealing.

What were a few bullet holes and torture when compared tothis?

"Okay," Bobby said, turning to face them. "Remember, we are Hell's Angels and we're supposed to be dark and deadly." Bobby nodded at Vince. "Follow Vince's lead. He has the look down to a fine art."

If the kid only knew.

Vince's menacing presence wasn't from practice. It was from growing up hard on the streets where any weakness was quickly found and either exploited or eliminated.

In Vince's case, he'd eliminated his before he'd started kindergarten.

He watched as the actors fell into their roles. Each man on the island had been handpicked to lead a double life. Every place and person here had but one function.

They were to make someone's dreams come true.

And as hokey and stupid as it sounded, a part of him admired Z for what he'd accomplished.

Even more so because Z had done it to honor Susan. Only she could have conceived of something this preposterous, and God love Z for having loved her enough to carry out her dreams of helping other women.

Susan had held a heart unlike any person Vince had ever known. His sister had been as good as he was bad.

All their lives, she'd tried to explain to him that it was wrong to use people. That other people's lives, no matter how insignificant they seemed, mattered.

He'd never understood that until one night eight months ago when he'd come face-to-face with himself in the back room of a Portuguese restaurant down in the Ironbound inJersey.

In one instant, he had seen himself for what he really was: a cold-blooded killer who had sold himself to the devil.

Now he was trying to buy his soul back, only the devil didn't seem real keen on the thought of letting him go.

So here he was, hidden on an island paradise where he hoped no one would ever find him again. No one except a bunch of odd actors who were pretending to be characters out of a book.

Just what kind of crazy fantasy was this anyway?

"Go with it, Vince,"Z had said."All you have to do is add flavor to the group. Ride around for a week on a Harley and just look like your normal, ruthless self."

Vince still didn't know how Z had talked him into this. But then talking people into stuff was what Z did best.

The plane landed.

Vince wasn't sure what to expect from the woman who had won the sweepstakes. Even though he'd been on the island now for eight months, he had yet to meet one of the winners.

He imagined most women who read romances to be like his mother, who'd always been addicted to them. Older women who kept their books sandwiched between plastic covers so that no one would know what they read.

If he was right and some matronly woman stepped off that plane, then Bobby and Jeremy certainly had their jobs cut out for them. They were about to earn every cent of their exorbitant salaries.

And the more he thought about it, the more he hoped the woman on the plane was some matronly grandmother. That he could cope with.

God help him if she were attractive. It'd been almost a year since he'd last had a woman in his bed, and he was seriously getting tired of going without. Damn Z for not having women on the island. The only<br/>

Envy stabbed him.

At the end of the day, Vince was still nothing more than that half-starved kid standing out on the street corner, looking up at the rich brownstones owned by the private school kids.

The kids who got to go to the prom in limos and wearing tuxes that didn't come from Uncle Sal's mortuary.

He'd dreamed then of being rich enough to one day walk down those streets without decent women crossing the road to avoid him, or nervous housekeepers eyeballing him from the windows, afraid he was casing their places for a hit.

What he'd found was that all the money in the world had never erased the taint of what his father had been.

What Vince himself had become.

Z had been lucky. He had somehow managed to escape their blighted past. Vince never had.

And he never would.

Allison was simply giddy as they rode over the beautiful island. It was like something out of a dream.

Even though it was fall, everything was still lush and green. Not too hot. Not too cold.

Perfect!

Just like the biker she rode behind.

Don't anyone pinch me, because if I wake up from this, I'm going to punch someone's lights out.

She laughed as they rode into a parking lot that was filled with more motorcycles. The roadhouse club was a dive. Complete with run-down boards that had been spray-painted and a sign exalting its exotic dancers.

It was just like the book.

She had to remind herself to get off the bike slowly and to saunter after Harry.

He led her into the dark bar where there were more bikers dressed in leather and denim. Some sat at the bar drinking. Others sat at tables and booths where they were playing cards and eating while others were playing pool or just lounging. There were no women anywhere to be found, and every guy there was absolutely stunning.

Jackson, the bartender was at the bar, using a rag to mop out glasses. He snarled at Harry, who grimaced back.

Allison beamed. This was better than a movie. Oh how she loved it.

Harry led his men to the vacant tables in the back corner. Tables that were always left open in the event they showed up-that's because in the book everyone was afraid of Harry. It was rumored he had killed a dozen DEA agents who were trying to bust him for running drugs.

And two of them because they had looked at Robin with lust in their eyes.

Allison had to admit the man playing Harry didn't look like he could even step on a cockroach without having guilt, never mind kill a man, but he was cute. There was something about him that vaguely reminded her of her ex-boyfriend, Gary.

She sat down at their table and watched as the rest of their gang filed in. The guys inclined their heads to her respectfully. In a strange way, they reminded her of Boy Scouts.

Until she saw the one pulling up the rear.

Now he looked deadly.

Dark.

Dangerous.

And he made the blood pound through her veins. Standing just over six feet, he had long hair as black as jet. His tanned, masculine skin was stretched tight over one of the most beguiling bodies she'd ever seen in her life.

Black jeans hugged long legs and his black T-shirt only emphasized the width of his shoulders, and the definition of his well-developed pecs and abs. A pair of dark glasses obscured his eyes, but they only accentuated the sharp, clean cut of his face.

This was the kind of guy you might find on a soap opera, except for the fact that he seemed more sinister than a cobra lying across your foot.

And the way he moved...

Sinful and decadent.

He moved like a man who was at home with himself. Like a man who knew his way around a woman's body and how to get what he wanted out of life.

She was completely captivated by his deadly predator's swagger. Allison swallowed.

Unlike the others, he didn't glance at her. He just slid with refined masculine grace into a chair and propped one booted foot up on the vacant seat across from him.

The other guys didn't seem friendly toward him and he didn't seem to care. He pulled his sunglasses off, displaying a face that would make an actor weep with envy. She'd never seen a man more attractive. His eyes were a beautiful hazel green that contrasted sharply with his olive skin.

But what riveted her was what she saw inside those eyes. They looked lethal and cold as they assessed everyone and everything in the bar as if it could be a possible threat.

Boy, this man certainly had his part down. He should be the one playing Harry. There was no doubt he could kill someone.

"Beer?"

She blinked as she realized Harry was speaking to her. "Excuse me?"

"Would you like a beer, Robin?" he asked again.

Allison smiled. In the book, Harry ruled Robin like a true alpha jerk and would never have asked her opinion about anything. She had to admit, she was grateful this Harry was kinder. "Sure, whatever you have that's light."

The hair on the back of Allison's neck stood up, letting her know someone was watching her intently.

She glanced over to find those deep hazel green eyes focused on her with interest.

He didn't look away.

Instead, he boldly swept her body with his gaze. One corner of his mouth lifted as if he enjoyed what he saw.

An unexpected rush of lust burned through Allison. It was potent and hot, and it made her want to have the guts to get up from her chair, walk over to him and kiss those finely shaped lips of his.

Better yet, she would love to give that man a nak*d lap dance.

Still he stared at her.

Allison shifted nervously as her body heated up even more. Her body clenched and throbbed, aching for him to do something other than look.

What would it be like to make love to a man like him? He was all sinuous power. All masculine beauty.

"Hey, Vince," Harry snapped angrily. "Get your eyes off my woman, or we're going to have a talk."

The man staring at her laughed at the threat. "Sure, Harry. God knows, I wouldn't want to tangle with you. "

Allison would have needed a Ginsu knife to cut through that sarcasm.

Vince paid the waiter as he brought him his beer.

"Who is he?" she asked Harry.

"He's just a straggler we picked up. Don't know much about him, really. No one even knows his last name."

Allison wondered how much of that was true. For some reason, she didn't doubt any of it. She thanked her waiter as the man handed her a beer and watched as Vince got up and left.

From behind, that man had the best butt she'd ever seen in her life. He cut a very intimidating and striking pose as he strode from the bar.

Before she even realized what she was doing, she followed after him.

He was heading back toward their motorcycles.

"Vince?"

He paused and turned to face her. "You need something?"

"Are you the man Mr. Zimmerman told me to contact if I had a problem?"

He took a swig of his beer before he answered. "Why? You got a problem already?"

"No, I was just wondering."

"Yeah. I'm the lucky bastard."

She forced herself to move closer to him. If Mr. Zimmerman had designated this man to oversee the others, then he couldn't be as fearsome as he seemed.

She held her hand out to him. "Allison George. Nice to meet you."

He looked at her hand, then swept his magnetic gaze back up to her face without taking her hand in his. "Nice meeting you too."

He turned away from her.

"Wait. You're not going to shake my hand?"

He faced her and the hot, lustful look in his eyes burned her all the way to her toes. "Look, lady, I've been stuck here on this island for far too long without seeing anything as scrumptious as you are. If I touch your hand I'm going to kiss your lips. If I kiss your lips, I'm going to run my hands all over your body. And after I get tired of running my hands over you, then I'm going to strip your clothes off and lick on you until you scream. So unless you want to have sex with me, I suggest you keep your hands to yourself and just let me go and find a cold shower."

Heat exploded across her face. "Are you always this outspoken and crude?"

"If you want a refined college boy"-he glanced at the bar-"those are inside. If you want a man..." He gave her a wicked grin that set fire to her blood. "Then baby, I've got what you need. You just give me a yell whenever you're ready for it."

Allison shivered at his words as he sauntered away from her.

Never in her life had she felt temptation like this. She didn't know Vince at all, but part of her craved him powerfully.

Robin would already be after him, her hands caressing those broad, muscled shoulders. She would be pulling his tight T-shirt off his body and licking his hard, defined abs.

Allison would run for cover and hide.

It was time for her to make a decision.

Was she going to be a lioness or a mouse? A frightened wimp who had never dared reach for what she wanted, or the wild woman who lived in her heart?

Allison took a step, then heard a motorcycle roaring down the road.

That would be Brendan approaching.

Brendan-the hero from the book.

She looked back at Vince and his deadly, dangerous walk.

Decisions, decisions, decisions.

Whatshould she do?

Chapter Four

Allison went running after Vince. He turned as she drew near him and actually looked sick to his stomach. A part of her was highly offended by that, but it was mitigated by the fact that she knew he was attracted to her.

"Why aren't you the one playing Brendan?"

He let out a tired breath. "Look, baby, I'm just here as window dressing and the muscle in the event one of thesegavones gets out of line with you. If I'm the one who gets out of line, there's no one to make me back off,capisce?"

A shiver went over her at the deep sound of his pronunciation of those foreign words. It was exotic and hot. "Are you Italian?"

He looked baffled by her question. "What?"

"Are you Italian?"

"Yeah. Extremely."

She smiled. "Wow! That's so neat. I've never met a real Italian before. There just aren't any in Georgia where I live. Can you do one of those really thick New York City accents like Danny Aiello? I love whenever I hear that on TV. I think it's so sexy."

He shook his head with a short laugh. "Lady, you seem really nice, but did you miss the part about how horny I am? That wasn't a joke."

"I'm sorry. I just...I don't know. I'm sorry."

Vince ground his teeth as he saw the hurt in her eyes an instant before she turned around to head back toward the bar. He was such an ass.

He wanted to apologize, but that would be even worse. He didn't want to encourage her. She really was a nice lady. Too nice for someone like him. The last thing she needed was to hook up with a gangster.

It wasn't like he had a future of any kind he could offer her.Hey, baby, let's date until Gino finds me and kills me. Shall we? And if he happens to find me with a woman, he'll rape and kill her before he gets to me.

No, there could be no women for him in the foreseeable future. It was one thing to risk his own life and quite another to endanger the Dairy Maid.

His heart heavy, he watched as she hooked up with the college boy and they returned inside. That was where she belonged...in her nice homogenized world.

Vince leaned his head back to guzzle his beer. Then as an image of her and the geek getting together went through his mind, he turned and tossed the bottle toward a tree where it shattered. Just once in his life, he wished he could taste something wholesome. Maybe if he'd had someone like her in his corner, his life would have been different.

Instead, he'd been surrounded by other pieces of cheap trash who had pushed him into an occupation he'd never wanted. But in the end, he couldn't blame them for it. He'd been the one who had finally succumbed to Gino's pressures. After he'd left the Marines behind, he'd spent a year looking for a job.

Nothing had been there for him. There wasn't a lot an infantryman could do in the civilian world. Especially not when he had a juvenile arrest record. Granted those files were sealed, but when he'd applied for the police academy and a job as a security guard, the background search had uncovered his past.

The only people who'd been willing to hire him had been "family." And after a year of living off his mother and burning through his savings, he'd had no choice except to take what they'd offered. At first it'd been harmless enough. Pick up this, drop this off, drive Gino around...

And then they'd dangled the one carrot before him he couldn't deny. The one carrot that had started him down the pathway to hell, and once he'd stepped onto it, his life had been over.

Disgusted with the choices he'd made, Vince raked his hands through his hair. He had to get out of here for a little while and clear his head.

Allison was listening to Harry and Brendan argue over some pretended slight as she watched Vince get on his motorcycle and roar off. She didn't know why the sight of his leaving hurt, but it did.

What is wrong with me?

You don't really want to sleep with a guy you don't know, do you?

Well, it would be a new experience. It was definitely not something she'd ever done before. But she wasn't really that kind of woman.

And so she stayed there while the guys acted out the book.

"Robin!"

She snapped her head up to see Harry glaring at her. "What?"

"I said it was time for us to go." And then as if he remembered that he wasn't really Harry, his gaze softened. "That is, if you're ready to go..."

"Sure." Trying not to laugh as he fell back into his tough-guy role, she got up and followed him out of the bar back to their motorcycles.

Neither of them spoke as the rest of the guys surrounded them, mounted their bikes and then roared down the road a few miles to a really nice hotel. As they pulled into the parking lot, she looked around wide-eyed. Modeled after the famed Hotel Del Coronado in San Diego, it had the same white building and sloping red roof. Only it was a lot smaller, but still every bit as impressive.

"Is this where we're staying?" she asked Harry.

He nodded as he got off the bike and waited on her to pull her helmet off.

Wow. This was much better than the sleazy hotels the characters in the book stayed in.

As the men headed inside, she saw Brendan giving her a hot once-over like he was supposed to do. But strangely enough, it left her cold. It was nothing like the hot flash she'd gotten from Vince.

Not willing to think about that, she followed the men. And as they approached the glass door, she realized that Vince was here too. His black motorcycle was parked off to the side.

Oddly enough, that gave her a tingle.

Yeah, there was something seriously wrong with her. Unlike the real Harry, who would have slammed the door in her face, the actor held the door open for her. A handsome desk clerk was already waiting for her and had the key to her room ready.

"You're right on the beach," he said kindly as he handed the key to her. "All of your belongings are unpacked and waiting in your room. The rest of the day and night is yours to do with as you please, and the fantasy will officially begin tomorrow. We have a card in your room that you can fill out and we'll start in the morning, whenever you're ready. Just let us know what you want for breakfast and remember that we're here to serve you. Anything you need. Anything at all, just let us know and we'll bring it right to you."

It was really weird to have someone say that to her. In all her life, Allison had never had anyone wait on her. Not even Gary had been willing to help her after her appendectomy. In fact, he'd had the nerve to ask her what she was going to make for dinner just an hour after she'd come home from the hospital. So it was nice to have someone who was willing to wait on her now.

She wondered how rich people dealt with this kind of attention. Something about it was just unsettling.

"Thank you," she said before she headed toward her room down the hallway.

After kindly saying goodbye to her, the biker gang dissipated. Come to think of it, she was glad to have some alone time to adjust to the new place. The plane ride had worn her out and she could use a shower and a nap.

Not to mention a walk on the beach. She'd always loved the beach, but she hadn't been to one since she was eight years old. Not since her father had run off and left them. Before that, they'd always made the yearly trek to Panama City. But afterward, her mother had been too heartbroken, too poor and then later too sick to make the trip.

Allison opened the door to her room, then froze. There were several dozen roses and bottles of champagne and wine on the entryway table. Along with a giant box of Godiva chocolate! She'd never had those before.

She felt like a kid on Christmas morning as she walked around the large room that had a king-size bed, a little living-room area, kitchen and study.

"Dang, this is nicer than my house." It was bigger too. But what really stunned her was the view out the window. She went to the sliding glass door to open it so that she could listen to the surf and watch the waves crash onto the perfectly beautiful beach.

This was so unreal. She felt like Alice after falling down the hole. It was like being in a movie, only it was real and it was definitely the best moment of her entire life. Closing her eyes, she let herself absorb the sound of the ocean and the scent of the roses and sea salt that hung in the air.

Oh, it was going to be hard to go home again after all this and return to her job.

Not wanting to think about that, she headed for the shower and tried not to wonder where Mr. Vince had gone off to and if he might be skinny-dipping on that beach.

Vince was sitting in the lounge chair on the small patio of his room as he watched the surf rolling in. He didn't know how many beers he'd downed at this point, but he was finally starting to get a little buzz going.

But not even that was enough to dull the fire in his groin that demanded he go find his Dairy Maid.

He tipped the beer back and tried to think disgusting thoughts.

At least until he saw something move out of the corner of his eye. Turning his head, he almost choked on the beer as he saw the source of his discomfort. There she stood, completely oblivious to him. But the worst part was that she was wearing the same thing he was...

Nothing but a damned bathrobe.

And he couldn't help but wonder if she were nak*d under that terry cloth.

"Nice view, huh?" he said, his voice down an octave from his beer and lust.

She jumped as if he'd startled her. A becoming blush spread over her face. "I'm sorry. I didn't know anyone was there."

"It's all right." But actually it wasn't, as the robe parted just enough to really piss him off by teasing him with the thought that he might glimpse a part of her.

Allison knew she should run back into her room, but she couldn't quite manage it. Vince was sitting on a white chair in a white monogrammed bathrobe that matched her own. Leaning back in his padded chair, he had his long legs spread open with a beer resting on one thigh. Like hers, his hair was wet, letting her know he'd had a shower himself.

But what burned her was the intense look on his face.

"You're not running away?"

"Should I?" she challenged him back.

His eyes twinkled at her. "If you were wise, Little Red Riding Hood, you'd know to avoid the wolf." That dangerously hot gaze swept over her body, making her throb again. "So you must be feeling daring..."

Run!

But she refused. For once in her life, she wasn't going to be a coward. He wasn't some insane killer. He was the man Mr. Zimmerman had chosen to oversee her safety. Surely he wouldn't have picked Vince if Vince were really dangerous.

"Maybe."

A warm laugh rippled out of him. "Just how daring are you?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. What are you thinking?"

He took a drink of beer before he turned his head toward the beach. She could see him debating what he should say next. He had his tongue in his cheek as he ran it around, thinking.

Finally, he scratched his chin and flashed her a devilish grin that absolutely melted her. "I'm sitting here wondering if you're nak*d underneath your robe."

She bit her lip.Don't say it. Don't you dare.... But the words were out before she turned chicken. "I was wondering the same about you."

His look intensified, and she swore the air between them had solidified. She shivered with anticipation.

"Well, there's one way to find out."

She looked about nervously. "What do you mean?"

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours."

She let out a small squeak at the idea. "No! We're not the only people staying here, you know? What if one of the others comes out?"

"They won't."

"How do you know?"

"'Cause I sit out here every evening at this time and no one has come out yet except you."

Like she was going to takehis word for that. "For all I know, you're lying."

He tsked at her, but still his eyes held that warm, playful air. Mercy, that man was more tempting than sin itself. "You know, I read that book of yours that you're reenacting. Robin would do it in a heartbeat."

"I'm not Robin."

"Aren't you?"

Allison toyed with her belt as she considered that. No, she really wasn't, but she'd promised herself that she wouldn't be so damned straight this week.

C'mon, Allison. You've never done anything wicked in your entire life. Just once, walk on the bad side....

That was so much easier said than done. It took a lot to undo a lifetime of timidity. But there was no time like the present to work on it.

"Okay. You first." She didn't really expect him to agree, but before she could blink, he opened his robe.

Allison's jaw dropped. Yeah, he was nak*d all right. Totally. Completely. And she couldn't take her eyes off him. He had that kind of lean, hard body that they used in movies. The kind that said he was a man who liked to work out. She'd never seen a real eight-pack of abs in the flesh before, but he had one. And those golden muscles were dusted with enough black hair to be attractive and not gross.

But what kept her gaping was the size of his obvious erection. The man was huge, and like he'd said, he was definitely interested.

Holy. Cripes.

"Your turn, princess."

Allison bit her lip as fear consumed her. "No one better come out here."

He gave her a lopsided grin. "If they do, I'll kill them for you. Promise."

Yeah, right. Taking a deep breath, she glanced around the area nervously, before she reached for her belt.

Vince couldn't breathe as she hesitated. Oh man, this really was cruel. "Don't tease me, princess."

With a slowness that was sheer torture, she unfolded her belt. He swore his heart stopped beating as he watched her open that belt, then slowly part her robe.

The sight of her hit him like a fist in the gut.

He expelled an appreciative breath at the sight of her nak*d body. She wasn't skinny, but rather she had lush curves. Her br**sts were a bit small, but they were big enough to fill his hand and that was all that mattered.

Before he could stop himself, he set the bottle down and got up.

Allison knew she should run away as Vince approached her, but she couldn't.

He hesitated before her so close that she could feel the heat of his body. Smell the beer. It was all she could do not to step into the warmth of him. To press her body against his...

Frozen to the spot, she didn't move as he bent toward her and drew a deep breath against her neck. He pulled back ever so slightly. "You smell like roses and wine."

And he smelled like beer, sun and all masculine skin. Her br**sts tightening at the thought, Allison turned her head and before she knew what he was doing, he lowered his lips to hers. She moaned at the decadent taste of him.

He cupped her face in his hands as his tongue hungrily explored every inch of her mouth. She shivered. This man certainly knew how to kiss. Her head swimming, she buried her hands in his damp hair.

Vince's heart pounded as he had his first taste of goodness. He drank it in from her lips and he knew he was lost. Between the beer and his lust, there was no way he could stop. He pulled back only a tiny bit to nibble the corner of that delectable mouth.

"Push me away, Allison," he whispered against her lips.

She didn't. Instead, she recaptured his lips with hers. Growling, he dipped himself down so that he could pick her up.

Allison felt a wave of giddy joy as Vince lifted her up without groaning because she was heavy and set her down on the concrete support for the patio. He pushed her robe open more while his hands caressed her br**sts. Every part of her burned.

She'd never done anything like this before and honestly she didn't know why she was doing it now except that there was something so sad and yet safe about him.

And then he did what had to be the most tender thing a man had ever done to her. He wrapped his arms around her and just held her. Something inside her melted at the feeling of being held like this...as if she were precious.

Vince closed his eyes as he reveled in the sensation of her nak*d skin against his. Her br**sts were flattened against his chest while her thighs pressed against his bare hips. God, it'd been so long since he'd just had a woman hold him and never had he held one so sweet.

Most of the women he'd dated would be clawing at him by now, wanting their satisfaction. But Allison merely held him as if they were something more than strangers.

He pulled back to return to her lips before he took her hand into his and led it to the part of him that was craving her the most.

Allison nibbled at Vince's lips as she gently explored the length of his cock. It was so strange to be this intimate with a man she didn't know and yet she felt some strange connection to him. It didn't make any sense. It was almost like love at first sight or at the very least lust at first sight.

Oh yeah, definitely lust.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered against her ear.

"It's the makeup."

He shook his head. "It's you." He picked her up then and carried her into her room where he laid her<br/>

He sucked his breath in sharply as she took him in her hand. She placed a blistering kiss to his stomach before she opened the pouch and pulled the condom over him. He really shouldn't be doing this. She didn't strike him as the kind of woman to have sex and then walk away.

And that was what he liked most about her. His emotions didn't want her to walk away, but his common sense knew it was stupid to even think about dating a woman right now.

Why was he doing this?

Because she was the epitome of everything he'd ever craved. She was that sweet, wholesome, middle-American dream. She wasn't a city-born hustler. She was a doe-eyed innocent.

And God help him, he was helpless before her.

Allison moaned as Vince rolled onto his back and pulled her against him. It felt so good to be with a man again. To be held, even if they were strangers. For some reason, he really made her feel beautiful. It didn't make sense, but she did.

Wanting to please him, she straddled his h*ps before she slowly slid her body onto his.

He hissed before he bit his lip and lifted his h*ps to drive himself even deeper into her. The look of pure pleasure on his face thrilled her. She couldn't remember the last time a man had been this happy to be with her.

She took his hand in hers and held it close. She understood that she meant nothing to him and that when this was over, he'd probably walk away. The thought hurt and yet she still couldn't bring herself to stop this.

She didn't know why, but she really wanted to be with him even if it was only temporary.

Vince sighed as he teased her lips while her damp hair fell around them. Oh yeah, this was what he'd needed in the worst sort of way. No woman had ever felt better than Allison did. She rode him slow and easy, at least in the beginning. But after a few minutes, she quickened her strokes.

Sensing what she needed, he rolled over with her until she was beneath him.

Allison arched her back as Vince leaned back and thrust himself deep inside her. He moved faster and faster, spurring her pleasure on until she couldn't take it anymore. When she came, her orgasm was so fierce that she screamed out from it.

She saw the fire in his eyes as he smiled down at her. He moved even faster until he joined her in that perfect moment of bliss. She cradled him with her whole body as she drifted back from the rippling edge. He felt so wickedly good as she ran her hand over the muscles of his back.

She hadn't felt so at peace in a long time and for that she was truly grateful. Overwhelmed by the feeling she pressed her cheek to his so that she could feel his prickly whiskers. This really was a fantasy come true....

Vince lay himself against her body while his heart raced. For the first time in years he felt a deep-seated peace and he didn't even know why. There was something magical about this moment. Something magical about her.

He lay on top of her, unwilling to move while she played with his hair and ran her other hand over his back. "I'm not too heavy, am I?"

"Definitely not," she said dreamily. "I like the way you feel."

Growling as another wave of desire hit him, he wiggled his h*ps against hers, driving himself in a bit more. "I like the way you feel too."

Allison smiled at him as he traced small circles around her breast. "I don't ever want to get up from here."

"Well," he said, drawing the word out, "they do have room service and there's a whole box of condoms in the drawer." He gave her a hopeful look.

She laughed at him. "You're so bad."

She had no idea.

Vince lifted himself up to kiss her, then paused as he heard something strange....

It sounded like someone was in his room next door.

"Where is he?"

The voice was faint through the wall, but it was an unmistakable accent. He started to reach for his weapon only to realize that it was in his room...along with the men.

Damn.

He heard them kick open the bathroom door, looking for him. His anger mounting, he also realized he and Allison had left the sliding glass doors open.

It wouldn't take the men next door long to figure out where he was....

Sliding off of Allison, he held his finger to his lips to warn her to silence.

"What's going on?" she mouthed.

He held his hand up to caution her again before he gathered her clothes and tossed them to her. And then he remembered that all of his clothes were in his room next door.

Double damn. He'd have to think of something quick or else the two of them were dead.

As soon as she was dressed, he put her in the far back of her closet. "Stay here," he whispered, his tone barely audible, "and whatever you do, don't move until I come back for you. Do you understand?"

Her blue eyes wide, she nodded.

Kissing her hand, Vince grabbed the bathrobe from the floor, then made his way into the hallway. He was slinking toward his room when all of sudden two doors opened at the same time.

His and Jeremy's.

And Gino's number one thug was heading out.

Chapter Five

Reacting on pure instinct, Vince grabbed Jeremy into a tight embrace and turned his back to Paulie. "Just play along," he whispered into Jeremy's ear.

Jeremy looked as if he'd just handed him the five-hundred-million-dollar winning lottery ticket. His face beaming, Jeremy wrapped his arms around him. "You got it."

Vince heard Paulie make a sound of disgust behind his back. "Yo, faggots, take it into the room."

That was his undoing. It let Vince know two important things. One, the bastard was distracted and two, exactly where Paulie was standing.

With reflexes honed from the military and the streets, Vince lifted his arm and elbowed Paulie in the face. Staggering back, Paulie cursed as he realized who it was and went for his weapon. Vince caught the hand Paulie had under his jacket and slammed his fist into Paulie's jaw.

The second thug, Gino's nephew Frankie, came out of the room behind them. Tall, thin and wiry, Frankie reached for his own gun. Before Vince could move, Jeremy karate-kicked him into the wall so hard, Frankie broke through the plaster.

Dazed, Frankie slid to the ground to land in a thud on his ass.

As Paulie started to get up, Jeremy kicked him in the head and knocked him unconscious. His eyes blazing, he met Vince's impressed stare.

"No one calls me a faggot unless they're my friend or my lover."

Vince could respect that. He held his hands up in surrender. "No worries here." He looked at the two men on the floor and laughed. There weren't many men who could have gotten the drop on Gino's goons. It said a lot that Jeremy had kicked their asses. "You handle yourself pretty damn well, kid."

"Thanks. You too. Now you want to tell me why they were coming out of your room?"

"Absolutely not," Vince said as he checked the clip in Paulie's gun. Luckily it was fully loaded. He slammed it back into place. "But I can tell you this. They're most likely not alone. These two are muscle and I'm sure somewhere else around here is the brain who orders them into action. So we need to find some way to secure them and get some help onto this island before one of you guys gets hurt in the crossfire."

"Hurt how?"

"Dead hurt."

Jeremy's face lost some of its color. "Okay. Give me two seconds."

Vince went to check Frankie for more guns-he found one in an ankle and the other in a shoulder holster. He'd no sooner unarmed him than Jeremy returned with two pairs of handcuffs. He handed them to Vince.

"I don't even want to know," Vince said as he used one pair to cuff Paulie while Jeremy cuffed the other man.

Jeremy frowned at him. "Where were you going in your bathrobe anyway?"

"Where were you going in yours?"

Jeremy smiled, letting Vince know he was probably about to rendezvous with one of the other actors. "Touche. I'll go get security...."

Vince grabbed his arm to stop him. "You're going to need more than security. If I were you guys, I'd get the hell off this island before things get any worse."

Jeremy nodded as he considered that. "What about you?"

"Trust me, we'll all live a lot longer if you don't know that one."

Jeremy inclined his head to him before he headed for the lobby.

Vince took a minute to search the two thugs one last time to make absolutely sure they were clean before he headed to his door, only to realize that he was locked out.

Oh yeah. That was good.

His disgust ended as he realized something. They hadn't had a key card on them....

How the hell had they gotten into his room?

This didn't bode well. There was definitely another party pulling their chains. Sighing in disgust, he dodged out the side door back to the patio so that he could return to his room and dress.

Vince let out a tired breath as he fastened his shoulder holster around him-something he'd stupidly thought he was through doing, then secured the other three guns. He had no way of knowing how many men Gino had sent after him, but hopefully it wasn't too many.

He considered calling Z to let him know what was going on. Honestly though, he didn't have time. He needed to take cover before the brain came looking for Paulie and Frankie.

His nerves steely cold, he returned to Allison's room and opened the closet where she was still sitting, right where he'd left her. Damn, she was beautiful and far more trusting than anyone had a right to be.

He would kill anyone who hurt her.

She looked up with her eyes round.

He held his hand out to her. "It's okay. C'mon, we need to get out of here."

She frowned. "But the fantasy-"

"This isn't a fantasy, Allison, and I'm not an actor. I've been hiding on this island from people who want me dead and if they find us, they'll torture and kill us. Now, we need to go."

"Us?"

He nodded. "I knew I shouldn't have come over here to your room. If they ever find out about you, they'll hurt you just because you were with me."

Allison swallowed. If not for the dark sincerity of his eyes, she would think it was part of the story. But<br/>

"Shitless, pardon my French. But you don't know anything about me if you think I'm just going to lie down and take this. Nobody comes after me and threatens me and just walks off. I'm not a doormat. I might be female, but where I come from that doesn't make me the weaker sex. It just makes me the more vengeful sex."

He had to admire that about her. She was so much more than he'd even dared to hope. "All right, here's the plan...." He hesitated as he thought over their options. Come to think of it, they didn't have many, or any. "Okay. There's not one. Basically the plan is we don't want to get killed and we find some way to get off this island before they find us."

"Gotcha. I definitely vote for the not-dying."

Shaking his head, Vince edged his way back toward the door to the patio so that he could check their perimeter. The surf was still peacefully crashing ashore while the sea-gulls called out to each other as if everything were normal. Only he knew the truth. This day was far from peaceful or serene.

But at least he didn't see anyone.

Then again, that didn't mean much. He knew from experience just how well someone like, oh say,him could blend into the background until he struck. Whoever was working with Paulie could be lurking around any corner, watching them. So they would have to move slowly to get out of here.

He turned back to find Allison staring at him. He offered her a smile. "We're going to work our way around to the front of the hotel and get on my motorcycle."

"Okay."

As they eased their way around to the side of the building, she proved herself. She must have been one hell of a hunter as a kid. The woman could move every bit as silently as he did. There were no missteps or mistakes. Allison handled herself like a pro.

Vince kept his eyes peeled as they stayed close to the wall, behind the shrubs. Luckily, he saw nothing. Everything was quiet and normal.

At least until they came around the last hedge. He froze instantly with Allison following suit. She ducked down, out of sight, while he continued to glare.

There was a man in front of the door, talking to "Harry." And as Vince watched them, his gaze turned red. It was Tony, Gino's son and right hand. If Gino couldn't come himself, he'd sent old Tone out to get him.

It figured.

And Tony knew the little prick who was playing Harry. Well, by the looks of things. They were too friendly, and he knew enough about Tony to know he was never friendly with strangers. Harry had to have been the one to let Gino know where he was. Most likely it was just a freak case of happenstance.... Or was it? If Z's people were hiring actors, they were probably hiring them out ofNew Yorkwhere they were based. Yeah, it was a big city, but in some ways, it wasn't big enough.

It would actually be frighteningly easy, given the size of their families, to hire someone who knew someone.

Damn it. How could he be so stupid? He should have thought about this before now. Harry had only been on the island for the last four days, getting ready for Allison's arrival.

Now that he thought about it, he remembered little telltale clues that should have warned him Harry knew about him. The little bastard had even made a comment about Mafia families.

"I can't believe I didn't catch it," he muttered under his breath. But then it'd been easy. He'd wanted to be safe here and had convinced himself that no one would find him.

He was a first-rank ass.

Allison put her hand on his arm in a soothing gesture. Vince covered her hand with his and gave a light squeeze to reassure her. He kissed her lightly, before he looked back at Tony.

It wouldn't take him long to figure out what had happened. Any time now he'd check that watch and go after Paulie and Frankie.

Allison started to rise.

Vince grabbed her and shook his head no. She held her hand up in a placating gesture.

"Trust me," she whispered.

Trusting people wasn't something that came naturally to Vince. But at this point, he didn't have much choice. He pulled his gun out, preparing himself to fight his way out of this if he had to, and watched from the shadows as Allison walked over to the men.

"Hi, Harry," she said cheerfully, acting as if nothing were out of the normal. He had to give her credit, she was better than most of the actors here. "I'm really sorry to disturb the two of you, but I was wondering if I could take a ride on your bike? I'd really like to sight-see a bit before we get started tomorrow."

Harry looked around suspiciously. "You didn't hear anything a little while ago, did you?"

She shook her head innocently. "Just my radio. You ever listen to heavy metal? It's the best music in the world, but it's only good when it's really loud."

His face softened as he reached into his jean's pocket for his key and handed it over.

Without betraying a bit of nervousness, she thanked him, took the key and headed for his bike. Vince frowned as he watched her looking at the other bikes that were parked around it. She ran a loving hand over them as if she were admiring them.

Why on earth wasn't she hurrying a little bit more? It wasn't like someone was trying to kill them or anything....

He glanced back at Harry and Tony who were again talking and not paying attention to Allison.

Suddenly, Jeremy came through the doors to grab Harry's arm. Jeremy wasn't quite as swift as Allison. Without hesitating, Jeremy asked the question that made Vince inwardly cringe. "Do either of you have the number for Mr. Zimmerman?"

Harry immediately clued in. "Is there a problem?"

"I would say so. Two guys just tried to kill Vince. He's got them hand-"

Before he could say anything more, Tony ran into the hotel. Harry, on the other hand, started looking around the parking lot. His attention went straight to Allison, who was starting up his motorcycle.

His eyes narrowed on her with deadly intent before he headed toward her with long, malicious strides.

"Hey?" Jeremy called after him. "Do you have the number?"

When Harry didn't respond, Jeremy started after him. Harry continued to head for Allison and as he did so, he reached beneath his lightweight jacket.

His only thought to protect her, Vince shot out from behind the shrubs to tackle him.

Jeremy jumped back and gaped as Vince quickly subdued Harry on the ground and knocked him unconscious. "He's one of them?"

"Apparently," Vince said, his tone full of sarcasm as he pulled Harry's gun out of its holster.

Jeremy cursed. "Fine, each man to himself. I'm out of here."

"In your bathrobe?"

Jeremy hesitated. "Okay, after I dress." He dodged back toward the hotel.

Allison rode the motorcycle over to Vince at about the same time he saw Frankie, Tony and Paulie returning. Damn it!

They started running toward him as Jeremy ran into the hotel.

Vince quickly jumped onto the bike while Allison slid back to make room for him. He took a heartbeat to savor the feeling of her arms around him, but a heartbeat was all they had.

Suddenly, bullets shattered around them. He could feel Allison cringing as he gunned the engine and took off out of the parking lot with squealing tires. He glanced over his shoulder to see the others head for more bikes.

Vince cursed.

"Don't worry," Allison shouted in his ear, over the sound of the engine.

"Don't worry?"

"When I was looking at the other bikes, I pulled the spark plug wires off. It should take them a few minutes to figure out what I did and why the bikes won't start."

Amazed by her, he laughed. "How did you know how to do that?"

"I'm a Southern girl, Vince. Every male in my family used to love his cars and bikes. They'd work on them in my mom's backyard and I paid attention over the years. Not to mention, pulling the spark plugs out was a good way to make sure my ex didn't go anywhere when I was mad at him."

He laughed again at that image. "You've got some spunk there, Allison."

"Piss and vinegar all the way, just like my mama."

Oddly enough, he liked that about her and right now he was truly grateful for it. Vince accelerated as they flew down the vacant road.

It wouldn't take the others long to figure out what'd happened and be after them again. They couldn't head for the small airstrip since Tony no doubt had a pilot there who was in the family. If he and Allison showed up, Vince was sure they'd kill them. Not to mention the small fact that he didn't know how to fly a plane and Z's pilot wouldn't be back until the end of the week.

Like it or not, they were stuck here. And right now, they needed to find some high ground so that they could face Tony and his thugs on equal footing. But where? There wasn't exactly an abundance of places to hide on this tiny island.

Except...

Vince paused as a thought occurred to him. He glanced over his shoulder to make sure the others weren't gaining on them before he headed toward the restricted area. It was a part of the island that Z rented out to some government group for training. Z had warned him that if they ever learned who and what he was, they'd be honor-bound to turn him over to the authorities. But being the adventurous sort, Vince had gone over there a few times just to check them out. Not to mention, he wanted to know their layout in the event they did come after him.

He'd even befriended one of the agency members, the surly hotel manager who was usually alone with no one for company but his dog, Roscoe. To date, Vince had never seen any of the government people over there for training. But if it was a training ground, they were bound to have some supplies he could<br/>

Vince frowned at his words. "What's a good-fer?"

Allison offered him a wide smile. "Good-fer-nothings. You know, good-fers."

Vince laughed at that bit of Southern slang he'd never heard before.

Static sounded over the walkie-talkie before a deep masculine voice broke through. "We'll be there. ETA about three minutes, Sam."

Vince cocked his head at the sound of that voice. There was something vaguely familiar about it, but before Vince could ask, he heard the sound of motorcycles pulling up outside.

He glanced to Sam. "Is that your people?"

"I doubt it," he said as Roscoe started snarling and barking. Sam reached down to calm his dog.

Vince cringed at that implication. "Where can I stash Allison?"

Sam took her gently by the arm and pulled her around to his side of the counter, but it was too late. The others were already heading in.

Allison held her breath as Vince took aim, but before he could pull the trigger, the tallest man coming through the door opened fire on them. Gunfire rang in her ears as wood and glass exploded around them. Sam pulled her down behind the counter and she lost sight of Vince while Sam tied his dog to a hook so that Roscoe wouldn't get in the way or hurt.

Sam grabbed a gun that was hidden at the small of his back and stood up. He fired two rounds.

Her heart hammering as more shots rang out, Allison realized that there was a shotgun dead even with her behind the counter. Roscoe increased his howling as shot after shot was fired.

Sam ducked down to reload.

"Get 'em."

Reacting on pure instinct, she grabbed the shotgun while Sam reloaded and stood up.

There was one man headed straight for Vince while another was headed for her. She took aim at the one gunning for Vince and pulled the trigger.

The man flew back. She cocked the shotgun and turned it to the one nearing her.

"Drop it," she growled at him.

He didn't. Instead, he glared at her. "This ain't no game, sweetheart, and your boyfriend is out of ammo."

She glanced to see that Vince was on the floor wounded in his shoulder. He held his gun up and nodded to confirm that he was indeed out of ammunition. She tightened her grip on the trigger as she returned her attention to the other guy. "No, it isn't a game. Now drop it or I drop you."

Vince came to his feet. "You better do it, Paulie. She doesn't play."

Suddenly, applause broke out.

Behind her.

Still, Allison didn't look. She didn't dare.

"Tell your woman to drop the gun, Vince. No need in spraying her pretty little brains all over the old man and his dog."

Sam put his hand on her leg. "Put it down, Allison."

She saw the confirmation in Vince's eyes as he tossed his own gun to the floor. It was followed by Sam doing the same.

Her heart sinking, she reluctantly complied and turned to see another man behind her who was holding a gun straight at her head. Her heart literally stopped beating in terror.

It was the man who'd been talking to Harry outside the hotel. Which made her wonder what had happened to Harry, since there was no sign of him now.

The man holding the gun at her head tsked at them. He cast a condescending look toward Vince. "Vinnie...Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie. What am I going to do with you? You leave town. You don't say goodbye. You don't write. You don't call. Your poor mama is worried sick about you."

Vince's body went rigid as his face turned to steel. "You better leave my mother out of this, Tony. You touch her and so help me, I will kill you."

The man Vince had called Paulie walked closer so that he could take the guns that she and Sam had laid aside.

Tony ignored Vince's threat. "You know, I've got to give you credit, sending your mama off with that rich prick friend of yours was a good move. But sooner or later, she's going to want to go home. What's going to happen to her then?" He paused dramatically. "I guess you can die knowing that I plan to take real good care of your mother after you're gone. I'll also make sure she knows all about her son and how he's responsible for what happens to her."

"You bastard!" Vince took a step forward.

Tony cocked the gun he held to Allison's head. She squeaked as her eyes filled with tears, but she didn't move or make any real sound. She was terrified of making Tony nervous. The last thing she wanted was for that gun to go off.

Oh, God, please help me!In that moment, she wished she'd never won this trip. She wished she were still inMadison,Georgia, in her tiny, two-bedroom house where her biggest fear was the summer mosquitos.

But she wasn't...

Vince cast her an apologetic look.

"Now, now, Vinnie," Tony said in a mock parental tone. "You need to mind that temper of yours."

Vince froze, but if looks could kill Tony would be dead.

"Get on your knees, Vinnie."

He shook his head no. "If you're going to kill me, then you're going to shoot me standing."

Tony pressed the gun against her head. "On. Your. Knees. Asshole."

Allison held her breath as she expected Tony to kill her any second.

She could see the anger and pain in Vince's eyes. But for her, he knelt on the floor. She trembled as fear and gratitude mixed inside her.

Tony laughed. "You always were an arrogant bastard. All right, Paulie. Put him-"

The door to the lobby opened.

Allison swallowed as she watched an extremely attractive man in his early thirties walk nonchalantly into the lobby. He had long, dark hair that was pulled back into a ponytail and the palest blue eyes she'd ever seen. He was wearing a black pair of slacks and a black T-shirt that showed his ripped body off to perfection. Tattoos marked both of the arms he had crossed over his muscled chest.

He appeared to be unarmed and yet he walked into the firefight with an unfounded confidence.

He paused near Vince. "Little Vinnie. Long time no see. How's your mama doing? She still making that gravy that used to be so good that even the angels in heaven wept in envy?"

Vince gaped and stared in complete disbelief. Allison held her breath, waiting to see if the newcomer was a friend or a foe.

He turned toward her and looked at the man holding the gun as if there was nothing strange about it. "Cousin Tony?" he asked. "Is that you?"

Tony tightened the hand he had in her hair. "Who the hell are you?"

The man looked offended by that question. When he spoke it was in a thick New York accent. "Tone...tell me it ain't so. I know it's been awhile-fifteen, sixteen years or so-but damn. Surely you haven't forgotten me?Me?" He gestured at himself with both hands, and shook his head in disbelief. "I even took your little sister, Maria, to her first prom 'cause your father was afraid to let anyone else near her."

"Joe?"

"Yeah. Little Joseph. You oughta remember me. My grandfather, Big Joe, is the man your father replaced in the family."

Vince's jaw dropped as he stared up at the man. Allison didn't know what to think. She still didn't know whose side Joe was on.

"I heard you was dead," Tony said in an angry tone.

Joe shrugged. "Not yet. But if you don't drop that gun,you will be."

Tony laughed as he surveyed Joe's tough, unarmed stance. "Yeah, right. Whatcha gonna do, Joe? Talk me to death?"

Joe duplicated his laughter. "Nah. You know me, Tone. I'm Big Joe's grandson. We don't talk, we act." His face sobered as he glared dead at Tony. "And you, if you have any brains, should be afraid. Remember, I took a bullet for you and you threw me to the dogs, you bastard. I owe you one. Now drop the freakin' gun and I might let you live."

"Fuck you, Joey." Tony moved the gun away from her head to shoot at Joe.

Allison acted without thinking it through. She elbowed Tony hard in the ribs and shoved his arm away. A shot fired into the wall. Tony hit her hard with one hand before he started to bring the gun back toward her.

Vince launched himself over the counter, knocking Tony to the ground where they wrestled. Joe was only two steps behind as Allison scrambled to get clear of the chaos.

Sam grabbed the shotgun and angled it toward Paulie who froze instantly. Two seconds later, a gunshot sounded.

Allison held her breath as terror sliced through her. Who was hit? She stared at the three men on the floor in horror, waiting to see who it was.

Joe got up first with the gun in his hand. "Vinnie?"

"It wasn't me," Vince said as he pushed himself up.

Tony lay on the floor, groaning as he held his hand to his bleeding stomach.

Joe looked at him with no sympathy whatsoever. "Hurts like a mother, don't it? Now you know how I felt when you walked off and left me to die. But you're lucky, you bastard. I'm at least going to call you an ambulance."

Vince didn't respond as he grabbed Allison to him and held her in a crushing embrace. "Are you okay?"

Before she could answer, a dozen people, male and female, came running in with guns in their hands. They were dressed like a SWAT team, in black clothes with flak jackets. They quickly surveyed what was going on as they swarmed into the lobby. Two of them checked on the man Allison had shot while two covered Paulie and two more went to stand over Tony.

A small Vietnamese-American woman glanced at Sam. "You okay, buddy?"

"Like a peach, Tee."

She smiled, then looked at Joe. "What about you? Did you get shot again, Joseph?"

"No," he said drily. "The only person who's ever shot me on the job, Tee, is you."

Tee arched a brow at him. "What about Moscow?"

"That was luck."

"Egypt?"

Joe made a noise of annoyance. "Just secure them and call to the other side for a medic."

She nodded before she complied and called for help.

Allison stepped back to look at Vince's shoulder. "How bad does it hurt?"

"You ever slammed your hand in a door?"

"Yes."

"That doesn't even come close. But I'm alive, so I'm not complaining." He kissed her lightly on the lips. "Thanks."

Joe came over to them. "I ditto that. Good reflexes for a civilian."

She gave a nervous laugh. "I don't know. I think it was pretty stupid myself. I could have gotten us all killed."

"But you didn't," Joe said. "I appreciate that."

"Well," Allison said with a lightness she didn't really feel. "I appreciate the fact I didn't get us all killed too."

Vince smiled, until he looked back at Joe, then his face sobered.

"Same Vincenzo," Joe said with a sigh and a heavy accent. "You never could keep your nose clean."

Vince narrowed his eyes on Joe. "I'm not the one who went to jail."

Something passed between them. Something that was laced with pain and sadness.

Joe cocked his head slightly and narrowed his eyes on Vince. "I thought you knew better than to let Gino get his hooks into you."

Vince gave Allison a sheepish look before he answered. "He dangled a carrot I couldn't refuse."

"And that was?"

"He said he knew who killed my father."

Joe scowled at him. "Gino's the one who killed your father, Vin, and most likely, mine too. Didn't you know that?"

"Yeah, I learned it a few months back when I went to kill Jimmy Tatalia. Lucky for him, he came clean and I let him live."

"Jimmy is a lying sack of shit," Tony snarled from the floor.

"Yeah, right," Vince yelled back. "He had proof that you and your father took out mine. It was a f**king initiation for you." Vince started for Tony, but before he could reach him, Joe pulled him back.

Vince glared at Joe. "Give me a gun, Joe, and let me blow his ass away."

"I can't do that, Vin."

An angry tic worked in Vince's jaw.

Allison saw the pain in Vince's eyes and it made her ache for him.

"I just wanted out and away from you people," Vince snarled at Tony.

"Yeah, sure. You were going to the Feds to rat us out. Little Sal heard the whole thing."

Vince looked ill at that as he scowled at Tony. "I don't know why Sal lied, but he did. I had no intention of going to them. Ever. But I will now."

"And we'll kill you," Tony snarled.

"Hey, hey," Joe snapped, holding up his hand. "If anyone here is going to make a threat against someone's life, it's going to be me. Besides that, both of you are talking to the Feds right now and that'd be me too." He curled his lip at Tony. "Now why don't you be a good boy and just lie there quietly and bleed." He glanced over to Tee. "He opens his mouth again, shoot him."

Tee's dark eyes twinkled as she moved to stand over Tony. She pulled out her gun and checked the clip. "With pleasure."

The door opened to admit a small group of paramedics who quickly went to Frankie, Tony and Vince.

Allison stepped back as they had Vince lie down on a gurney so that they could cut his shirt off and apply a pressure bandage to his wound.

She didn't say anything while they worked on Vince, but she hoped he'd be okay. Given how well he was dealing with the wound, she took it as a good sign.

Joe came over to stand beside her. "How are you holding up?"

"I'm okay, I think."

"Good."

She glanced over to Tee and the other agents. "Just who are you people anyway?"

Joe laughed, but didn't answer. "You want to ride to the hospital with Vince? I'm sure they'll have to air-lift them out of here to the mainland for a hospital."

She glanced nervously at Vince, not sure what he'd want. "I would like to."

"Yo, Vin," Joe said as they lifted the gurney up. "You want some company for the ride to the hospital?"

"Not if it's your ugly ass. I'd rather be alone. But I'll take Allison in a heartbeat."

Joe made a noise of disagreement. "My ass may be ugly but at least it ain't hairy like somebody else's I know...."

It was Allison's turn to duplicate Joe's snort. "Trust me, his butt's not hairy. I know that for a fact."

Joe gaped while Vince gave him a shit-eating grin. Smiling, Allison followed the medics out to the<br/>

