Chapter One

"One-night stand?" A flush blossomed over Melody Simmons cheeks. "You mean like...sex?"

Tucking her cell between jaw and shoulder, she carried on working, using precise, careful flicks of her brush to remove the encrusted dirt on the fragment of pot from the dig earlier. Small, methodical movements. Anything to keep her hands busy during the uncomfortable conversation with her older brother.

"Yes, Mel. I mean 'as in sex.' The horizontal tango. Doing the dirty. Knocking boots. Whatever name you want to call it." Barr chuckled, amusement in his deep voice. "I'm not surprised that you can't remember. It's been what...two years since you last had a date?"

Just like her brother to mention that. Her guard went up as she sectioned her strokes and started on the last quarter of the pot. Fifth century, so not groundbreaking stuff, but combined with the rest, it would be more than enough to keep their backer happy even if they hadn't found hard evidence of a werewolf element at the settlement. Yet another poor, deluded fool desperate to prove the existence of a werewolf clan in the area from which he could claim descent. Seemed these days everyone wanted wolf blood.

"Yeah, well. Plenty more fish in the sea," she grumbled, keeping her voice noncommittal. A lump of dirt proved way too stubborn for its own good, and she schooled the motion of her brush, attacking it, trying not to think about the fact her brother had mentioned her and sex.

In the same sentence.

"To catch them though, love, you need to be in the sea with a bloody net. Not avoiding the water like you've just seen Jaws."

Temptation got the better of her. She started to hum the theme tune from the film. "Duurrr...duh. Duurrr...duh...Durrr...duh... durduhdurduhdurduh."

"Melody Jane Simmons! Will you be sensible for a moment?"

Uh-oh. My full name. That meant trouble.

"Sensible? You're one to talk, Barrett." She threw his hated full first name back at him. "You've not exactly been out there with your line in the water, have you?"

Silence from the other end of the line was her answer. Shit. She'd pushed it too far. A war veteran, Barr had come home from his tours injured, but in one piece. Not whole though. He'd left part of his soul out there on the sands where many of his squad had died...where his lover, Sax, had died...and brought back nightmares in its place. A medical discharge had forced him to leave the only job he knew, one he couldn't do anymore. In the blink of an eye, Mel had gone from embarrassment at the obscene fortune and estate the siblings had inherited, to being thankful Barr had a comfortable place to recuperate, and no need to work when he had.

"I'm sorry. That was wrong of me. You date when you're good and ready to." She kept her voice low and gentle, wishing she were there to wrap him up in a big hug. "So tell me more about this one-night stand thing you've booked me."

She held her breath and waited for something. Anything.

Finally, Barr sighed and spoke, his voice light. "Well, I thought at least one of us should break this drought we've got going on, so when a friend of mine mentioned this service...I checked it out and thought it sounded perfect. You should be getting a parcel delivered to you shortly. Me? I'd have had you kidnapped and taken to the hotel, but Madame Eve, the owner of the service, was most insistent that you have all the details and be totally comfortable with everything before you left."

"I like her already." Mel decided on the spot to make all the right noises of agreement to Barrett's madcap scheme. With the training her brother had, he would be more than capable of carrying out his threat. "When does this parcel arrive?"

The PC behind her pinged, the chirpy 'you've got mail' sound invading the silence of the room, totally out of place with the centuries-old artefacts on the table next to it.

"I believe it just did. Madame Eve said with the late booking she would send everything over via email rather than snail mail. Read, do as you're told, and enjoy," he ordered, using his best 'officer in command' voice.

She smirked, stamping her foot and snapping a mock salute. "Yessir!"

"You always did salute like a sack of shit." Barrett chuckled, the sound a welcome one and worth the fact that stamping a foot on hard concrete in ballet flats hurt like hell. "Read the email. And Mel?"

"Yes, bro?"

"Chance meetings. You never know."

She held the phone to her ear long after Barrett cut the connection. Sadness for her brother washed over her. Chance meetings. Since they were kids, that's what they'd always called the good things that happened to them. A chance meeting for their parents had led to a lifelong love that never left their children feeling left out. A chance meeting in a field with a lost archaeologist led to her finding her calling, digging up fields searching for evidence of lives long past.

Barrett had called Saxon his chance meeting, and had planned to ask her to marry him. Before.... Mel shook her head and set the phone on the counter without a sound before turning to the PC. She'd gotten the message.

Live. Enjoy life. Take a chance. Love, if only for a night.

Because the world often changed in a heartbeat.

***

"...and I wanna ride...that sttttooooooorrrrrmmm!"

Aaron belted the last line of the song, cradling the microphone and dragging the final note out to make it his bitch with the kind of lung-power human singers only dreamt of.

The music built and crashed to a close, the stage lights snapping off, leaving a single beam that highlighted him in bright white to rival the moon above. At the last moment, he spread his arms wide, threw his head back and turned the word into a howl. He let rip with his wolf side, arching his spine, his damp hair sliding off his shoulders.

The eerie sound echoed around the packed stadium, the note dying away to leave silence. For a perfect moment he stood, eyes closed, body slick with sweat, and savoured the silence. A packed silence. A loaded silence. Silence that rang with the energy he and the band had expended on stage. Rang with need and lust and sex and wildness; all the things the Lyric Hounds, the most famous werewolf band...shit, the most famous band ever...were known for.

The crowd erupted. Cheers, whistles and chants shattered the peace. The lighting snapped off and he sagged, drained, his time in the spotlight over. He straightened, ran a hand through his wet hair, then wiggled his ass, peeling the leather from his balls. Then curled his lip back. Yeah. Soaked through. Which meant the pants were going to be a bitch to get off.

Hounds! Hounds! Hounds! Hounds!

Turning, he made eye contact with the other band members, ensuring they were all okay. His twin K, Sav the drummer, and Tempest the bass player, all gave him a nod. Talking would be pointless with the noise from the crowd, so K cocked his eye in question, the band waiting for his decision on an encore.

Aaron shook his head. On a normal night he'd consider it, but it was the last night of the current leg of the tour. Which meant they had a week off. A week of rest and relaxation...which he intended to start off with a bit of 'me' time.

K flicked him the thumbs up, expressions of relief on all three faces before they put down their instruments. Above them the overhead lighting illuminated and the big screen flicked on, starting the gig wind down video for the fans clearing the stadium.

Aaron clipped his mike onto the stand and strode toward the wings. The warmth of the stage disappeared as he made his way to his dressing room. Stagehands and roadies, used to his mood after a gig, moved out of his way as quickly as possible. Like any other night, he didn't talk, but he had far more on his mind than the usual.

It ground him down.

A new show each evening, in a new town. So many he'd lost track. Different hotel rooms night after night. Living out of a case like they had years ago when trying to make it. The only difference being hotels and cases were more expensive these days.

Money didn't buy happiness, nor did fame.

Some days he only felt alive on the stage. Everything else just limbo as he waited to go on. Endless fans, all wanting something from him. Wanting him to sing, perform...like veracious little vampires draining his soul. Taking him apart a bite at a time. The women had been good at first. He could have his pick, a different girl each night. More if he wanted. And he had for a while, all the guys had.

Tempest...he didn't go there.

His sister could take care of herself, a lesson the rest of them had learned the hard way. None of them dared argue with her about her personal life anymore. Not if they liked their heads, and their balls, where they were. The females of their kind were savage and unpredictable, and Temp? Totally true to form. A rare Alpha female, she'd need a strong wolf to take her on. A human would never survive.... Nearing his dressing room, Aaron smirked.... No guarantees a wolf'd survive that either.

By the time he pushed open the door, the sweat had dried on his skin. He strode through the room within, heading for the en suite, shedding his clothes on the way. He was done with faceless women. Done with fans. Done with the whole rock-n-roll lifestyle.

One reason why he'd contacted an old friend...poured his heart out-he wanted one night, just one night with a woman who didn't recognise him on sight. One night to reassure himself that yeah, without the fame, the persona, he could still....

Fuck, he had no idea what he wanted. Thankfully, Madame Eve read him like a book, arranging his night, the heavy cream linen envelope tucked into his guitar case in the other room. Later that night he'd find out whether he was worth anything as a man, or whether the rock star had consumed everything worth having.

Stark, bollock nak*d, he snapped the shower on and stepped under the spray.

Then realised he had company.

"We are so sorry, Mr. Rixx. I don't know how she got in. We'll make sure it doesn't happen again."

Aaron nodded at the stadium manager and tried not to grit his teeth. The guy's sweat filled the air with the acrid stink of his nervousness. Aaron had been accosted in his own damn shower by a crazed fan intent on, as she put it, "having his little wolfy babies." Nervous? He should be f**king terrified. A lawsuit for the personal endangerment of a Lyric Hound wouldn't take a location like that out of business; it would blow it out of the water and into next year, next decade...so far in fact, the guy's grandkids would be feeling the ripples until adulthood.

A bead of sweat detached itself from the manager's brow and rolled down the side of his face. He reached up to swipe it away, the movement sending another scent Aaron's way. Baby powder and milk. Fucking hell. He had kids, young ones by the smell. Aaron might have a rep as a complete bastard, but he wasn't enough of one to threaten the man with his job.

"Okay, do that. And make sure she gets some medical treatment? I'll authorise the payment. She's wolf-struck for sure, which means she'll be a pain in the ass for any brother she comes across."

He sighed. How did he get into f**ked-up situations like that? The wolf-struck were a nightmare to deal with. No one knew why, but some humans' fascination with Lycanthropes tipped over into obsession. A dangerous obsession which needed medical attention.

Aaron dragged a hand through his damp hair and his nose wrinkled in distaste. He'd needed three showers to get the woman's perfume off him. How the hell he'd missed her when he walked into the room, he had no f**king clue.

"Yes sir, will do. There's an emergency room not far from here." The manager turned for the door then paused. "Again, I apologise. I-is there anything else we can do for you tonight before you leave?"

Grabbing his black silk shirt off the chair, he shrugged it on, leaving it unbuttoned. He shoved his feet into unlaced combat boots and looked at the manager.

"Yeah, you can have someone bring my case up to the helipad. My ride should be arriving soon," he said, moving to grab the guitar case from the couch. He always sang on stage, but he played, and well, wrote and composed all of the Hound's material. The record company wanted to bring someone in, but they'd vetoed it. Their sound was unique to them. Always had been, and always would be.

"Of course, sir. Will do."

Throwing the horns, Aaron touched his folded hand across his heart in the Hounds signature salute. "Rock on, man. Stay true."

Chapter Two

Mel had to admit, Madame Eve was efficient. Within an hour of her receiving the email, a limo had arrived to take her to the nearest airport, a little affair near Sherwood Forest, and whisked her away from the sleepy English countryside by private jet. The short flight had been very comfortable. Despite the fact she'd been slumming it in tents and no-star digs for the past couple of months, she knew luxury when she saw it.

Thanks to her inheritance, she could afford to travel like that if she wanted to. But she chose not to, not seeing the point when the same flight from the same location over the same route cost far less commercially. Less of a carbon footprint as well, when a whole planeload of people shared it. She had to admit though, it was nice on the odd occasion. She stood and headed to the door at the front of the plane.

"Mind the step, ma'am. I hope you have a good stay and thank you for flying with us."

"Thank you." She smiled at the flight attendant, waving off his offer to help with her bag and stepped out. Set back from the hotel, the narrow runway ran the width of an impressive expanse of lawn. Behind a small rise, and with the landing lights set in the tarmac, the runway was inconspicuous, hidden once the plane had taken off again. Nice touch. And in a couple of thousand years, people like her would dig up the remnants and wondering what the hell the road to nowhere had been used for.

Slinging her bag over her shoulder, she set off, heading down the short flight of steps. Her strides ate up the distance to the sprawling hotel, part of the famous Castillo chain. She assessed it, picking up the details of what must once have been a stately home, but the Castillos had done well in converting it to a hotel. It still retained the majesty and charm of a noble family's estate. She half expected some batty old codger to wander across the lawn to greet her in battered wellington boots and his grandmother's shotgun over his arm.

Instead a neat young man stepped out of one of the double doors onto the terrace to wait for her. He was the only person in sight, but that was expected. The information from Madame Eve had been rather specific. Her date for the evening wanted the entire hotel closed off, to ensure their privacy.

She'd snorted a little at that. Close the hotel off? He had to be wealthy if he'd paid to have the place shut for a date. And in her experience, rich men thought they could buy anything and didn't bother themselves with what others thought, or what they felt.

Unease wormed its way through her again. Perhaps the date hadn't been such a good idea. She took a few deep breaths to bring her heart rate down and relax. Barrett wouldn't do anything to put her in danger. And if this guy did hurt her in any way, shape, or form...there wasn't enough money in the world to save him from her brother's wrath. Barrett might be out of the military, but he'd been a shit-hot soldier, a commando, and damn good at his job.

"Good evening, Miss Simmons. A pleasure to welcome you to Greystones. I trust you had a good flight?" He strode down the steps toward her with a mega-watt smile. The faint accent, definitely not Scottish, marked him as non-local. "My name is Jones. I'll be your personal butler for your stay here. Do you have any luggage I can carry for you?"

She shook her head, already charmed by the butler's easy manner. At his curious look, she said, "No, this is all I have. I travel light. Don't worry, I can do anything from a trek across the Sahara, to a swanky do at the White House from this bag. Lead on, please. I believe my Prince Charming awaits."

"As you wish, ma'am." Jones turned and inclined his head, indicating with his palm for her to precede him back up the stairs and through the open doorway. "And he does, indeed. Mr. Rixx arrived some time ago and has been awaiting your arrival. He asked me to tell you not to rush though, and to take as long as you need getting ready."

She arched an eyebrow as Jones guided her through hallways with polished floors, the immaculate carved plaster walls littered with portraits of people from days gone past. The historian in her wanted to stop, marvel at the detail in them and wonder who the subjects had been.

"Here we are, ma'am." Pausing at a door, he opened it and let her precede him into the room. She stepped through and her eyes widened.

Wow.

She thought she'd seen it all but the level of luxury impressed even her. Done in whites and creams, the space appeared to be less a room and more a suite. Doors opened off the sitting room they stood in, revealing bedrooms and what looked like a study. More closed doors on the opposite wall were a mystery that invited exploration later. Hell, even the living room had to be bigger than the entire apartment she rented for her current job. She whistled. There was luxury and there was pulling out all the stops.

"Swanky. This all for me?"

"Indeed, ma'am. Mr. Rixx's suite adjoins this one; when you're ready, you can access the shared balcony through that door over there." He motioned toward a set of double doors framed by voluptuous curtains then stepped back with a smile. "If you need anything, please do not hesitate to call. My number on our internal system is double-0 seven."

Amusement washed through her. "Cool number. Who'd you have to bribe to get that one?"

"I could tell you, ma'am, but then I'd have to kill you and you seem like a nice lady, so I wouldn't want to do that." Jones chuckled, seeming to relax a little at her smile. He pushed down the handle and gave her a little half bow. "I hope you have a good evening."

He left her with her thoughts.

Oh, this one-night stand service is good.

Not only were a large bunch of lilies, her favourite flowers, in the bedroom, but the bathroom had been stocked with her usual brand of toiletries. How they'd known her preferences, she had no idea because Barrett sure as hell wouldn't have. Give him a gun or a combat-type situation and he'd be able to describe it in great detail, right down to the last nut and bolt, or the type of sand underfoot. But if she asked him, "What do you think?" and struck a pose, he'd freeze, panic-stricken, trying to work out what had changed.

Madame Eve. Had to be. The woman had ESP or something.

After spending a happy few moments opening bottles, Melody ran a bath and soaked for a while. After the hot water worked its magic, she emerged, clean and chilled out, to stand in front of the mirror.

She hadn't been kidding when she'd told Jones she lived out of her bag so she had everything to hand to make herself up for a date. Used to travelling in the course of her work, she always carried formal wear. Her trusty little black dress, new black satin underwear, and a pair of delicate, strappy sandals. All lightweight, easy to pack and, in the case of the dress, a quick blast with the hair-dryer knocked all the creases from the fae-silk. Dressing quickly, she returned to the mirror, to apply her makeup.

Leaning forward, she slicked a on a layer of gloss and studied her reflection with a critical eye. For her, not bad. She had no illusions. Not a supermodel by any stretch of the imagination, she stood way too short at five-foot dead and would only be the "ideal" weight if she managed to gain a foot overnight. Pleasantly plump might be a good term, if she felt kind.... If not, well then fat was as good a word as any.

At least her hair had behaved, the short, dark spikes falling in perfect disarray to frame her face. Pouting at her reflection, she blew it a kiss. It would have to do. She glanced behind her. Darkness had begun to fall, which meant her date had been cooling his heels for almost an hour....

Rixx. Why did that name seem familiar? The thought slid away as she headed to the double doors and threw them open.

The warm evening air whispered over her skin like a lover's caress. The thought brought her back to sex again, and heat spread over her cheeks. Schooling her emotions, she fought the instinct to turn and run, to hide in her room under the duvet until morning, rather than have sex with a stranger. After all, that's what the night was all about, wasn't it? A one-night stand. But she had to admit, she was well overdue for some action between the sheets.

Her heels clicked on the flagstones, and she whistled a low note between her teeth as the balcony widened into a large seating area. Holy crap, is that a hot tub?

There wasn't time to gawp. A figure detached itself from the shadows by one of the huge gargoyles dotting the wall. She hadn't done more than glance at the profile of her date, preferring to make her own decision on the guy when she met him. Any report she read, even the briefest profile, could taint that first meeting. But, even if she had had an idea of the man she'd come there to meet, of what to expect, he certainly wasn't it. Her jaw dropped as the moon broke overhead and she got her first good look at him.

He appeared to have stepped right from the glossy pages of Rock'n'Roll magazine. Tall and wiry, he had long black hair loose about his shoulders, and his unbuttoned shirt revealed a toned chest and a ripped six pack. Black pants rode low on his hips, far enough that one slip would reveal where the dark line of hair down the centre of his hard stomach led. The tattoos scrawled over his skin, heavy silver rings, bracelets and a large skull belt buckle completed the macho bad boy look. Almost.... She blinked, leaned closer and frowned.

"Are you wearing eyeliner?"

As soon as the words were out of her mouth, she wanted to take them back. He turned his head to flick the hair over his shoulder, and the light caught his eyes, the telltale shimmer clueing her in.

Her date not only channelled enough inner bad boy for a whole fricking town full of boys, but he was a werewolf to boot. Wait-did that make him a bad boy or a bad dog?

"Err, yes. I am. Why? Is that a problem?" Aaron replied, surprised by the first words she spoke. He was lucky to be able to marshal a sensible thought, never mind form a sentence since his brain short-circuited when he'd seen her.... When he'd smelled her.

Even though he'd been determined to come on the date, bugged Madame Eve to set it up at short notice for him, he hadn't held out much hope. At best he'd expected a nice evening, perhaps a little action in the sack if the lady should be willing-most were as soon as they recognised him-and then a relaxing weekend at the hotel after she left.

Some time alone, just him and his guitar. Him and the music without the crowds, hype, and pressure. Free the words he'd sing on stage from within his soul and getting them down on paper before they dissipated like smoke in the wind: the last time they were pure and uncorrupted.

All of that disappeared when she'd arrived. In the space between one heartbeat and the next his life changed completely.

He'd expected sex. Instead Madame Eve provided his mate.

"No, I just wasn't expecting it." She smiled and he was blown away, caught like a rabbit in the headlights.

Gorgeous. No other word for it but gorgeous. Even if he discounted the heavenly scent rolling off her skin, a mixture of perfume, gardenias, and her natural female scent, she was a knockout. Petite, she had the rounded, lush curves he preferred. Forget size zero. He wanted one who wouldn't break if he so much as breathed on her the wrong way.

What had started out as a walk toward her became a predatory stalk as the beast within woke up and took notice as well, peering out through his human eyes with a possessive growl. It wanted her. He wanted her. And by the end of the night, she would be theirs.

She didn't back down, not even when he circled her, unable to rein in his predatory instincts when finally facing his true mate. While she waited for him to circle around in front of her, irritation, not fear, crossed her features before she stuck a tiny hand out. Schooling himself not to snatch and never let go, Aaron enveloped it in his. The bones were light under skin as soft as silk...satin...whatever description some fool wordsmith gave it. It had to be the softest thing he'd ever felt.

"I'm Mel Simmons. You are...?"

He glanced up in surprise, pausing a hairsbreadth from planting a kiss on the back of her knuckles. "You don't know?"

She arched one narrow eyebrow, her mouth pursing a little. An adorable expression, one he wanted to kiss right off her face, wrap her in his arms and plunder her lips until she opened up to him. Until she was breathless and moaning under him.

"I know your surname is Rixx, but other than that...." Shrugging, she added, "Should I? I mean, I know you're dressed up like something from a rock band, but...really?" She shook her head but made no attempt to free her hand from his. In fact, she watched him with fascination, as if holding her breath to see what he'd do next. "Not my type of music. I barely listen to the radio."

She doesn't recognize me.

Amazement flowed through his veins, followed by warmth. Far from being annoyed that she didn't know his name, her admission relieved him. If she didn't know his identity, then the spark of wary interest in her eyes...that had to be real. Something he could trust.

"No, kitten, you shouldn't. My name is Aaron."

With a smile, he brought her hand up and pressed a gentle kiss across her knuckles. He caught the slight hitch in her breathing and resisted the urge to rub his cheek against her skin like some sort of damn cat. Straightening, he refused to relinquish his hold, instead turning to draw her toward the comfortable couches arranged under the stars. "But I don't want to talk about me. Tell me about you."

"I assure you, I'm very boring." She chuckled, a deep throaty sound that went straight to his cock.

Fuck it, why had he thought leather pants were a good idea? Butter soft, they concealed buggar all. Keeping the smile in place, he snagged a cushion to plonk over his lap for concealment. Her gaze dropped to it. Far from the blush and quick look away he'd expected, she smirked instead.

"Well, either you're building the great wall of Greystone to keep me out or that part of the evening will go well."

He blinked in surprise. Given the demure little black dress and her kitten-heeled sophisticated appearance he'd figured her for a once a week, with the lights off, missionary-position-type girl. Not the sort to make wise-cracks about his erection.

"You might as well ditch the cover-up. Unless you're shy of course. Dressed like that though, I wouldn't have figured you for the retiring type." The smirk back in place, she turned toward the champagne bucket, lifted the bottle and read the label before glancing over her shoulder at him. "Of course, it could all be a defence mechanism. You could be nervous...or a virgin, even."

Discarding the cushion, he took the bottle and filled two glasses. "Please tell me I don't have to explain the birds and the bees to you."

"Fuck no, you don't have to explain anything to me."

He gave her a glass, watching her face the entire time. Their fingers brushed, an electric spark leaping from skin to skin. She jumped a little and bit her lip, forcing him to smother a groan at the sight of her blunt, human teeth on the plump flesh. On impulse he sat forward and kissed her.

He'd intended it to be a quick touch, nothing more than a brush of their mouths but fate had other ideas. She moved forward at the same moment, the motion pressing her lips hard against his.

From the first touch, his thoughts scattered. Her mouth was warm under his, pliant as he learnt its shape. Sliding a hand into the hair at her nape, he relieved her of her glass with the other. She sighed, nestling into him. Her lips softened and she kissed him back. His heart lurched, butterflies swarming in his stomach.

He silenced the growl of his wolf and tilted his head. Easing her closer, he swept his tongue over her lower lip in a silent request for her to open and let him in. Not a demand, never a demand. He could overpower her with little effort and they both knew it. Even if he'd been human rather than a wolf, she was still too tiny to stand a chance against his size and strength.

Anger filled him at the thought of anyone hurting her, but he controlled the emotion before it became more than a slight tightening of his fingers. Taking a breath, he relaxed his hold, altering the movement to rifle his fingers through the short, silky strands. She hadn't gone for the longish hair most women of her social set did. Instead she wore her dark hair in a sexy, pixie crop that framed her face and elegant features to perfection.

She parted her lips with a soft moan and triumph roared through him. He swallowed it, surging in and sliding his tongue into her mouth in a slow, sensual push. Leaning back, he took her with him, giving her every chance to pull away. All he wanted to do was tumble her to the soft surface behind them, strip the demure dress off, and make love to her until she screamed his name in ecstasy.

Not have sex, shag, or fuck. Make love.

She came easily, resting on his chest as though she belonged there, her hand burning a brand where it lay over his heart.

He nibbled at her lower lip and another rumble welled up in his chest. She tasted wonderful. Like coffee and cream, strawberries and champagne...tart lemon. All his favourite things rolled into one, and then some. Something more. Something so indescribable and unique to her that it defied explanation.

He. Was. Hooked.

"You're beautiful," he whispered, nuzzling under her neck. He'd meant to stop, to suggest they order dinner from room service, but the soft tremble that rolled through her body and the way she turned her head seeking his mouth again broke his control. "I can't stop. Tell me you don't want me to."

Holy crap. Reduced to begging, he had to keep going. Even if it was just kissing and nothing more. He needed to touch her, needed to feel her in his arms. His c*ck ached, hard and ready for action. Gritting his teeth painfully, he worked to maintain control. She's human, she doesn't want me to behave like some animal.

Even if he was one.

Chapter Three

"God no, don't stop."

Mel never wanted him to stop. The instant his lips claimed hers, she'd been sunk. If anyone had told her the week before, hell even that afternoon, that she'd be in the arms of a leather-clad, tattooed rock star-wannabe, she'd have told them to piss off. She didn't do rock stars, film stars, or any other type of star, even though her work largely depended on men like that for backing.

Aaron Rixx was so far from her type, he might as well have been from another planet. But he had something about him, an aura of bad boy she found irresistible. And hell, the guy knew what to do in a lip-lock. He kissed like the dissolute celebrity he resembled; all sex, wolves and rock and roll...the sexy promise in every glide of his tongue weakened her knees.

He'd be good in bed, everything about him screamed that, and she was so ready for a good night in the sack, although it had been so long. Would she disappoint him? She moved closer still, the worry sweeping through her as she took control, kissing him instead of the other way around. Nipping his lip, she smiled at his start of surprise. Might as well get things started.

Breaking away she admired him, loving the way his dark hair spread over the pale cushions he lay on. Lord, the man is built for sin. Absolute, decadent perfection. Holding his gaze, she slid her hand down the centre of his bare chest, taking a path between the tattoos over the toned abdominals. When she reached his belly button, he sucked in a sharp breath, watching her slide lower, his eyes darker than the night sky above them.

He arched an eyebrow when she reached the heavy buckle on his pants, playing with the silver wolf skull. "Sure you want to move so fast, kitten?"

She smiled. Typical of a bad boy rocker. A couple of initials were engraved over the buckle, and the weird, unplaceable sense of familiarity she'd had earlier gripped her again. Too many other things to think about.

Hooking a finger underneath, she pulled. The belt gave with a soft pop and she glanced up, a question in her eyes. "One-night stand, remember? Sex is kind of the point. Wild. Unbridled. Sex." Shifting position, she laid a kiss on his bare chest after each of the last three words.

Her lips whispered over his skin, and he sucked a breath in, holding his toned stomach taut. She flicked a glance down at his crotch. Oh yeah, she had his attention all right, all of it if the hard outline under the leather was any indication. In case he needed more persuasion, she bent her head, grazing her teeth over the head of his c*ck through the leather.

"Fuck!"

He surged to his feet, the word nothing less than a growl, managing to scoop her up in his arms on the way.

"Aaron, put me down! I'm too heavy!" she squeaked, clutching at his shoulders for support.

"Not a chance, kitten." He shook his head, hair dancing over his shoulders and strode toward an open door to the side of the balcony. "Tonight you're mine to pleasure, and it pleases me to carry you."

Excitement gripped her low, her p**sy clenching hard when she saw where they were headed. His room, shrouded in shadows. He stepped through it into velvety darkness. Instinct had her clinging to him, widening her eyes to see clearly in the little light from the windows. An enormous bed loomed in the dimness, the sheets dark. He made his way straight to it, not bothered by lack of light.

It made sense. A werewolf would be able to see as well in the dark as in daylight, if not better. He paused by the edge of the bed and set her down. Not the normal bend, put her feet on the floor and make sure she had her balance so that she didn't face-plant sort of motion. Instead he kept a hard arm around her waist and let her legs go. Holding her close, he slid her down the front of his body, arching back to take all her weight.

She held his gaze, feeling everything. Every hard plane of muscle. The thick length of his arousal pressed against her soft belly. He was going to f**k her. Fill her again and again with that deliciously hard cock, every inch of it. A shiver rolled from head to toes. She couldn't wait.

Drawing in a sharp breath, he let it out with a rumbled growl-the sexiest thing she'd ever heard. Her vision near to useless in the dim room, what she could see of his face would have scared her any other time; his expression drawn in feral lines. Any other time. Right then it only fuelled the fire deep within, a lazy heat uncoiling, ensuring her body danced to the tune of the blazing arousal thrumming through her.

"God...kitten, you sure know how to turn a guy on," he murmured, holding her close to bury his lips in the curve of her neck. His stubble abraded her skin, but she didn't complain, savouring the shiver of pleasure. What would that stubble feel like other places...?

She managed a reply from somewhere, one way too breathy for her liking. "I'm glad you think so."

He found the zipper on the back of her dress and tugged. The fastening gave, a slow rasp preceding the cool wash of air over her skin. "Not think," he corrected. "Know. Fact."

Rocking his hips, he offered the thick length of his erection as evidence, dotting a trail of light kisses over her shoulder. When the zipper reached the bottom of its run, he nipped lightly. Sharper than human canines pressing into her skin but not breaking it. Heat and lust roared through her, hurtling her right to the edge. She gasped, wriggling against him. Fuck, if he did that to her with a few kisses, what would it be like when he had her on the bed?

Naked. Both of them nak*d. Entwined. Skin on skin.

She whimpered.

"Shhh...It's okay, kitten. I won't hurt you. Never hurt you," he promised, misinterpreting her distress and cupping her face so he could look into her eyes.

"Yeah...I know."

She trailed her fingers along his sides, under the shirt, then moved to ease her hand between them. He groaned, holding the back of her head as she stroked his balls through the soft leather. It wasn't enough. She wanted skin.

"Perhaps I want to hurt you though, just a little," she whispered, nipped the full lower lip and used his start of surprise to push inside. Finding his tongue, she wrapped her own around it and sucked. A growl reverberated through his chest. Any other time a growling were might have worried her, but not there. Not with him. There was something about him. Something about the way he looked at her...hot as Hades, and twice as sexy. As though he'd go to the ends of the earth for her and protect her from anything.

"You do?"

She smiled at the catch in his voice. Male wolves always liked to be in charge...but her sources told her most wanted that rare female that challenged them. Not let them get their own way all the time, make it interesting. Right then, she had a whole lot of interesting planned.

"Yeah. In a good way though."

She shoved his shirt off his shoulders, pinning his upper arms and stood on tiptoe to place a soft bite on his shoulder. Her attentions wandered across the satin skin of his chest. She'd expected a werewolf to be hairy but his smooth chest only had a tiny swirl of hair around each nipple. Working her way down, she flicked her tongue over one of the flat discs in a wet swipe. He growled again, tension humming through him as though holding himself in check, and allowed her to play. For now. Her time would soon run out and he'd hurry things on.

"Oh, God, yes...." His head dropped back, exposing the strong column of his throat in a response she hadn't expected. Even with her limited knowledge of werewolves, everything about him screamed Alpha male. So, baring his throat.... She didn't comment, instead started to undo his pants. The buckle hung loose and she flicked the top fastener free then licked at his nipple.

With an explosive snarl of lust, he lunged, wrapping his arms around her and tumbling them backward. Before she finished her gasp, he'd pinned her under his hard body. Squinting her eyes to adjust to the darkness, she could make out his face, his hair around it like a dark halo. The word fit. A fallen angel, he'd been dropped from the heavens to ravage her.

Ohgodyesplease. If there was any ravaging to be done, she needed it then. Like really need it now. Her p**sy clenched again, the heat of her arousal flooding, dampening her panties in a scalding rush.

With a deep breath rumbling in his chest, he claimed her mouth again. The hard, dominant kiss parted her lips, his tongue driving inside to tangle with hers. He swept a hand between them and the front catch between her br**sts gave, the bra disappearing behind her. Her n**ples rubbed against the hot satin of his chest and puckered, and she moaned.

Breaking away, he nuzzled the side of her neck and pushed a knee between her legs, pressing her thighs apart to settle between them. He surrounded her, his heat and presence dominating her world.

Leather rubbed her inner thighs, igniting the nerve endings, heat spiralling through her to settle into a hard knot in her p**sy. She whimpered again. It was all too much, yet not enough...from the brush of his long hair, his mouth on the curve of her shoulder, to the pulse of his c*ck against her satin-covered mons.

Every touch, every glide of skin on skin coiled her body further. Her n**ples ached as he hunched over her. Warm breath whispered over the peaks and she held her breath, anticipation holding her in thrall. His tongue swept over her in a hot, wet rasp and she groaned, driving her fingers into his hair to hold him to her br**sts. He paid them attention, kissing and licking until she nearly lost her mind with need, writhing beneath him on the bed.

"That's it, kitten, let me hear you," he urged, sliding lower.

She flinched, holding back a moan at the sensual assault of his short stubble over her skin. More heat flooded her lower body and her cheeks burned. She'd never had such a reaction to a guy before...such a wet, needy reaction. Never had the sheer desire to have him inside her. Filling her. Fucking her.

"Please...Aaron." A begging note filled her voice but she didn't care. She needed everything he could give her.

"Shhh...I got you."

He pressed a quick kiss to the damp satin of her panties before forcing her thighs wider to accommodate his broad shoulders. Though not as broad as some of the sports players she ogled on the sly, when he settled over her, between her legs, she realised how big he was. How masculine. In every way they were opposites...hard against soft. Rough to smooth. Big versus small. The differences thrilled and excited her, and she waited with bated breath, sparks freewheeling through her. He didn't make her wait long. Curling his long fingers under her thong underwear, with a quick yank and the sharp bite of the side straps, they were gone. Her stomach quivered, her heart thundering as the writhing mass of desire within reacted to his actions.

He stroked his hands up the inside of her thighs. Large, callused hands. Strong. Sexy. She shivered, wide open and vulnerable. A cool breath washed over her p**sy, dragging another moan from her. He swept his tongue over her. A hot swipe of pure, wet pleasure.

He located her cl*t and the moan became a whimper. Licking and circling until she arched under him, unable to keep still. Then he spread his hand over her lower stomach, holding her motionless, as he chuckled in the back of his throat. The sound vibrated against her cl*t and she almost went over the edge.

"Stay with me, kitten." He pulled back to kiss along the seam of her hip and thigh. "You're so wet.... Pretty, pink. God, you taste fantastic...."

Pushing her knees up, he hooked her legs over his shoulders, holding her open for his mouth and tongue. Biting her lip to keep from begging, demanding, and screaming all at once, she reached out, holding onto the ornate headboard above her.

She needed it to anchor her.

Without warning, he pushed a finger into her again and they both groaned. She turned her head, hiding her face in the crook of her arm. He pumped, the lazy motion causing a delicious friction that sent quivers through her. God, that felt good...better than good. Amazing.

"Tight...you're so tiny. I'm scared I'll hurt you." He turned to rest his forehead on her thigh, his whisper almost tormented. "But I can't stop...."

"Don't then," she begged, meeting his thrust with her hips. He couldn't, she'd go crazy if he did. He pulled out and she blew out a quick breath, panic filling her that he'd changed his mind. Decided that screwing a human, more fragile than the women of his species, was a bad idea.

"Oh, God, Aaron, please, I can take it. You won't hurt me."

He didn't answer. Instead thrust two thick, long digits deep inside her. Twisting and scissoring, he stretched the channel, preparing her.

"I can't...won't."

He latched onto her cl*t and sucked, forcing a scream from her, then rubbed, finding her sweet spot. Hot, liquid need flooded her again and she bucked against him as he drove her up and over the edge without mercy. She came, hard, pleasure cascading like a waterfall, crashing over her. Yanking his hand back, he buried his tongue deep in her cunt to collect every drop of her arousal, low rumbles and snarls erupting from his throat, the vibrations prolonging her pleasure.

Finally withdrawing, he crawled up her body, his movements feverish and uncontrolled. Ripping at his crotch, he opened the leathers. The blunt, broad head of his c*ck pressed against her entrance and she moaned.

"Oh, God, yes."

He started to push, then froze. Her heart lurched. What was wrong? Had he changed his mind?

"Shit...I forgot the condom."

He moved as if to withdraw but she stopped him, relief surging through her. Under normal circumstances, she'd have freaked out. But they had something...a connection between them that told her everything was perfect.

"No, stay with me. Don't worry about it. I'm on birth control."

"Kitten, I'm not bothered about getting you pregnant. If I let me, I'd claim you forever and give you as many kids as you wanted." His expression serious, he added, "But you don't know my history. It's about protecting you. How can you be sure I'm clean?"

She tried to ignore the urge to move. To wriggle, push against him and end the discussion. "Are you?"

"Well, yes. Of course. But that's not the point here."

His concern melted her heart. Half the men she'd known would have said, to hell with it, and she expected a guy like him to do the same. The whole, bad boy rocker thing. Didn't they leave a trail of broken hearts and kids behind them?

He held her gaze, the look on his face serious and kind of cute. Pain flittered across his expression as she unwrapped her hold on him. "God, kitten. Don't look at me like that or I won't be responsible for my actions."

Closing his eyes, he slid from her hold, reaching into his pocket for his wallet. With a shaky hand, he retrieved a silver packet. The wallet hit the floor somewhere around the bed as he ripped the foil open to sheath his c*ck quickly.

Then he returned, easing over her, and she parted her thighs eagerly. The hot, thick tip of his erection stretched her and she moaned, welcoming his penetration. Driving into her in one, hard thrust, he forced her to accept him, seating himself to the balls. She stiffened at the intrusion, breathing with care as she got used to the fullness. If she hadn't been ready, she wouldn't have been able to take him.

He buried his face in her neck, panting, his body taut and controlled above her.

"Please, kitten, hold still, or this'll be f**king quick," he said, his shaky voice strained.

Her heart went out to him. "Aaron?"

"What?"

"It's cool. Now shut the hell up and screw me, okay?" Tightening her vag**al muscles around him, she rocked her h*ps to seal the deal. Heat and darkness flooded his eyes, and deep inside her his c*ck jerked.

A heavy shudder racked his body and the floodgates opened. Pulling back, he surged into her again, setting up a hard, fast rhythm. Fucked her as she'd asked with long, fast strokes. He didn't let up, wrapping a big hand around her thigh and yanking it over his hip.

She moaned at the new angle and tightness. She wouldn't last long, not surrounded by him, loving her with everything he had. Pleasure rose like a tsunami, sweeping away everything in its path. She clung to him, matching him thrust for thrust until....

He pulled out and paused, dropped a kiss on her lips then drove in again. The rock of his h*ps at the end of the thrust sent her hurtling over the edge with a scream. Ecstasy crashed, ripping through every cell, shattering her. Her cunt spasmed around his c*ck in waves, and he swore, slamming into her over and over. His movements became jerky, uncoordinated until he drove into her a final time.

Every muscle locked and he howled, the sound triumphant and very male as he came. She moaned, his cli**x continuing her own until his c*ck stopped jerking. He collapsed, his arms bracketing her shoulders. The fact they were locked together didn't bother her. Wrapping her arms around him, she smiled and her eyes fluttered closed. She'd happily stay there for days...months. Perhaps even forever, her heart whispered, if he wanted her to.

Epilogue

Morning dawned bright and early, but Mel missed it. When she finally cracked her eyes open, the clock showed half past ten. Way later than she usually woke. On a normal day she woke by five, ready and raring to get out to whatever dig she currently worked on.

Bolting upright, she blinked, registering the room.... How in hell have I slept so long? It wasn't her room. Someone had placed her clothes in a neat pile on a boudoir chair and her cheeks burned. The heat rose a little more as she recognised the black shirt next to them. A man's shirt.

A smile spread across her face and with a stretch, she fell back into the comfortable soft mattress. Aaron had been...fantastic. Her memory treated her to an instant replay of the night before, all his sexy moves burned into her mind forever. He'd woken her three times in the night, each time to take her to greater heights before letting her fall back to sleep a little before dawn. With a pleasant soreness in some very intimate places, she was tired but happy. She poked at the emotion and the smile broadened. She'd have to remember to thank Barr for his intervention. The night had been wonderful.

Music filtered in from the main room. Frowning, she recognized the song as a recent release from one of the big rock bands on the radio all the time. Lyric Dogs or something...she didn't know, didn't much follow them. Only recognised it because one of the volunteers on the dig liked the radio on.

But...it sounded odd. Just the singer and one guitar, rather than the heavy metal backing sound she usually heard. Perhaps they'd done an acoustic version? If so, she needed to get the album. There was something hypnotic and familiar about the singer's voice, the husky note one she knew but couldn't quite place.

Sliding from the bed, she slipped Aaron's shirt on and headed in search of him and the music. Her partial nak*dness not bothering her in the slightest. After the things they'd done the night before, that he'd done to her and had her to do him, she'd never be embarrassed around him again.

Finding the main room empty, she padded through it, confusion filling her before she spotted the balcony door ajar. They'd entered the bedroom the night before through the other balcony entrance. Smiling, she stepped out into the early morning sun. Aaron was into rock music, perhaps he'd know if that band had done an acoustic version of the song-

She stopped dead. No radio played-instead, Aaron sat on the couch, a guitar cradled in his arms. His long, strong fingers moved over the instrument with the same ease that they'd played her. The warm breeze lifted the loose strands of his hair and his voice swelled in the air around her. In a trance, she took a few steps forward. He drew out the last note, softer than the howl she recalled it ending on and his gaze locked on her.

"Y-you're one of the Lyric Dogs," she spluttered.

Setting the guitar aside, he stood and approached her with a male grace that had her heart pounding.

"Hounds. Lyric Hounds." Reaching her, he stared down with heat in his eyes. "And yes, I am. Does that bother you?"

She wrinkled her nose. How the hell did he look so good that early in the morning? Wasn't there some kind of rule that said rock stars didn't get up until after noon?

Taking her hand, he studied her smaller fingers entwined in his. "There's something I have to tell you."

Everything within her stilled at the gravity in his words, written into the set of his shoulders.

"You're really a hairdresser, aren't you?" she teased. "Or a party clown? All this..." She motioned to the leather and the guitar. "It's a front."

It started slowly. A twitch at the corner of his mouth, then a curve and a smile until he threw back his head and laughed. A sound of joy she'd be happy to listen to all day, all night...for the rest of her life.

She frowned. Yeah...she wanted more. More than one night. More than a few nights.

He pulled her close and hope curled in her breast. "Kitten...Melody...I'm a werewolf. Which means that I rely on my senses a lot. Particularly my sense of smell."

"Oh, my God. You're gonna tell me I stink or something." She clasped her other hand dramatically to her heart, the beat rivalling any heavy metal track as he dropped to one knee in front of her.

He chuckled. "No. Quite the opposite, you smell fantastic. Unique. Perfect. To me that is.... Every wolf goes through life searching for the perfect, irresistible scent on that one person. The one they're drawn to, who they can't stay away from. It's how we know our soul mate...the person who completes us utterly."

Instead of the normal, smart comment, she held her breath, waiting.

"As soon you walked out onto the balcony last night, I knew." He shook his head and met her eyes, hope and something else she couldn't identify in his own. "I know this is quick, and you're human, but...you're my soul mate. I'll only want you, as long as I have breath left in my body."

Soul mate.

The words resounded in her head then wrapped around her heart. Something deep inside moved like the barrels of a lock, sliding it into place.

"Until death us do part...like marriage?"

He nodded. Warmth rushed through her. Standing, he pulled her into his arms and the beginnings of what she knew was a sappy smile spread across her face.

"Our version, yeah. We'll take it slow, but please...this can't end here. If you don't want to travel, we're about at the end of this tour. Which means we'll be in the studio for the next couple of months. In one place, and I pick the place...we can pick the place. If you'll have me?"

She nestled against his chest, every cell in her body in tune with him. Safety and security rolled through her. I've come home. "Just you try and stop me. Someone has to keep you bad boy rock stars in check. Stop you corrupting the local populace."

He smiled. The hard bulge of his arousal pressed into her belly and her heartbeat kicked up a notch. "And I suppose you're the woman for the job?"

"Damn right, I am. Now, Mr. Lyric Dog, take me to bed and corrupt me all over again."

He laughed, the sound carefree and happy, and scooped her up, heading toward the bedroom. "Yes, ma'am. One lifelong corruption, coming right up."

