Chapter One

"Not a cat in hell's chance."

Cy folded his heavily tattooed arms and looked around the office with a mulish glare. It was a small room anyway but crammed full of the Moonlight and Magic security staff, one of them nearly seven feet of Gargoyle, it seemed even smaller.

"C'mon Cy...you're our only hope," Myst pleaded, waggling the scrap of red satin on the end of her finger. Cy's eyebrow crawled further up his forehead. Myst's look was calculating as she held the article, a red satin thong, out to Tiny next to her. "Or I could always get the guys to pin you down whilst we put this on."

The demon recoiled, a look of disgust on his handsome face. "I'm not going near anything that's going in the crack of his ass!"

Cy chuckled, "Good luck with that sweetheart. I don't think they're that interested. Why me anyway? I'm not even on the security team and I thought this gig was up to you."

Myst was still glaring at Tiny. "Yeah, it normally is. But with half this lot..." she jerked her thumb around the room. "...bloody loved up, Darius over there batting for the other team and the rest of us being of the female persuasion, we're looking at other options. Namely you."

Tiny and Knuckles looked sheepish at Myst's blunt statement but the whole club knew they were both newly mated. Tiny's wife, Cassia, was the first and only vampire allowed into the club. Well, the only vampire allowed both in and out of the club with her head still attached. Whereas Knuckle's mate Neri was just the sweetest human any of the staff had ever seen and to say the large gargoyle was besotted with her was an understatement.

"I see your point."

Cy put his stubborn face on. Myst thought she was a stubborn bitch but Cy was a pixie born and bred. The day-glo hair was gone, cut and dyed into a short black crop, but he still had the balls and the tattoo's to prove it, the latter stretching from his knuckles all the way up to his shoulders.

To most people they just looked like random swirls and marks but to another pixie they told Cy's life story. Who he was, who his parents had been, what battles he'd fought against which other clans and, if he'd ever been married, then they would have noted who to. Mostly tellingly of all though, the spot on his wrists where his clan name should be was blanked out. Tattooed over completely black so the name couldn't be read.

Cy folded his arms. "Still not doing it."

"Christmas day. Our place," Tiny offered, "Neri'd love to have more mouths to feed."

Cy groaned. That was just going for the throat. Cy didn't have a family. Not now.

He used to have a family, but now his clan was gone. Wiped out. It's name erased from pixie memory forever thanks to the actions of one man. Thanks to one man he was homeless, condemned to wander and never find rest, never know the peace and comfort of family again. He was dishonoured. A man without a clan and, for a pixie warrior, that meant no other clan would accept him.

They were like sharks scenting blood. Tiny chipped in. "Cass makes fantastic mince pies, we could make a day of it. Shall we say eleven o'clock?"

Cy's eyes darted around the room. The temptation was overwhelming. A family Christmas...He thought back to his apartment. Little more than a single room with a bathroom on the side, kitchenette in the corner and his futon/bed in the other, it wasn't the most appealing of places. One reason he spent every waking hour he could at the club, either doing odd jobs or using the gym in the basement. And, over six foot of solid muscle anyway, he'd just put muscle on the muscle.

"Bastards," he muttered. They knew his weakness. They all knew his weakness.

"Okay, what do I have to do?"

* * *

"Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Northfield Hospital's Christmas Auction. As you can see we have some delectable dates up for auction tonight, all of them very kindly provided by local businesses. All proceeds this year are going to the neo-natal unit..." Teresa zoned the rest of the opening speech out as she rooted in her purse for her cellphone. Flicking it open she scanned for new messages and breathed a sigh of relief.

No news was good news. It meant the babysitter was coping with her two monsters.

"...the owner of Mackenzie Plasma Products, Mr Mackenzie is offering to whisk the lucky lady who wins his date off on a luxury evening which will include dinner and dancing on his sumptuous yacht, the Lady Jane..."

"Oh my god...would you look at that!" Joanie, Teresa's co-worker and partner in crime, hooted as a man stepped out from the wings and started down the runway.

Suave and sophisticated in a classic tuxedo he had the sort of dark good looks that wouldn't look out of place in a Bond movie.

"The name's Mac, Big Mac."

Joanie fell about giggling at her own joke as Mackenzie strutted his stuff on the catwalk. Teresa had to admit, he was good looking. But his brand of slick good looks left her cold. Too like Mario, her ex husband and the bane of her life. He'd been a charmer too and had had her convinced she was his one and only.

It wasn't until the car accident that had taken his life that she'd found out she was one of many. That the wedding vows Mario had taken he'd said so often he should have been word perfect, usually without the little matter of a divorce in between, and that a wife back in Italy ensured that neither she nor their two children were entitled to any of the De Luca fortune.

"You, are drunk. Already."

The bidding was fast and furious as Teresa shook her head at her friend's giggling. Joan couldn't hold her alcohol. Just one drink, especially the complimentary champagne on their table, and she was anyone's.

"Yup! And you should be too! To the good Mr. Mackenzie and his gorgeous ass!"

Joanie's catcall dropped right into a lull in the noise, her comment clearly heard throughout the room. Including the good Mr. Mackenzie himself who turned and winked right at her.

"Ohmigod, ohmigod, he heard me," Joanie squeaked and disappeared under the table as everyone in the room looked their way. Mortification burned across Teresa's cheeks as she thrust her hand under the tablecloth and tried to grab hold of Joan.

"Get your ass up here girl, everyone's looking at me," she hissed as her cheeks glowed neon. At least, if the lights in here went out, they'd still be able to see.

Joanie slapped her hands away, stopping her friend from hauling her back up to face all the people staring at them. People who were all grinning at Teresa, obviously thinking she'd been the one to make the ass comment.

"Girl, you are so dead when you come out from under there."

"Well, we know Mackenzie has one dead cert in the room," the auctioneer laughed and moved smoothly on. "Okay, next up is the listing from paranormal club Moonlight and Magic. Waiter Cy is a bad boy looking for the right woman to tame him, if only for one night...Christmas eve. So, for all the lovely ladies in the audience...here's one Christmas present you won't forget!"

The next figure to step out from the wings onto the catwalk stole Teresa's breath right out from her lungs. He was tall and stripped bare to the waist. All the better to see the tattoo's that covered his arms right down to the fingers hooked into the loops of jeans that rode low on his hips.

He stood in the middle of the stage for a moment, his attitude pure arrogance as he looked around the room. The lights had to be blinding him but still he looked, ice blue eyes sweeping across the crowded tables. A collective feminine sigh whispered around the room and even Teresa's traitorous body sat up and took notice. She didn't want it to, she was done with men. So done after Mario that if she'd found other women in the least attractive she'd have given up on men completely. But there was something about this guys defiant stance that sent a shiver down her spine.

His head turned and he looked straight at her. Teresa's breath caught as his blue eyes burned into hers. He couldn't possibly see her, could he? No, there was no way he could, not with all the lights trained on the catwalk. It was just a trick of the light.

"What's going on?" Joanie whispered, loudly, from under the table. More of a shout than a whisper really. Teresa didn't answer, struck dumb as Cy sauntered down the catwalk, his eyes still firmly on hers. The lights shimmered lovingly across perfect muscles, the six pack stomach flexing as he walked.

"Heeeeello...need info down here!"

Joan's hand emerged from under the table and waved at Teresa. Who totally ignored it as Cy reached the end of the catwalk. Instead of doing a little pose like the rest he ran a hand over his toned stomach and slid it down towards his groin. His eyes twinkled as his lips curved in a suggestive smile.

Teresa fanned herself with her program, her eyes not leaving the stage in front of her or the man stood on it. Had the temperature in here just jumped twenty degrees?

They really needed to turn the air-conditioning up.

With a lazy flick of his fingers he popped the first, then the second button on his jeans...just enough to tell he wasn't wearing underwear. Then he blew a kiss at her.

Teresa's heart stopped. Joan's frantic waving by her side didn't register as Cy stalked back up the catwalk and disappeared.

"What happened? What did I miss?" Joanie demanded as she pulled herself from under the table on Teresa's arm.

"And congratulations to the lady in red on table five. One of our hostesses will be along shortly to collect your details for your date with our delectable waiter Cy."

Table five.

They were table five.

Suddenly the grins Teresa was getting from the other people seated around the table made sense. An awful feeling crept over her as she glanced down at her red top, then round the table at the other women's clothing.

"Shit, I think you just won me a date."

Chapter Two

Christmas eve. He couldn't believe he was on a blind bloody date on Christmas eve.

Cy pulled up outside the small suburban house and left the car engine running.

Rooting in his jeans pocket he pulled out a scrap of paper and checked the name and address written on it. Ducking down he checked the number on the side of the house through the windscreen.

Yup, number seventeen. It was hard to spot half-hidden behind the illuminated snowman but it was definitely the right house.

Cy sat back in the drivers seat, his tattooed hand rested on the steering wheel, and let the engine idle as he looked at the place. Classic suburbia. Beige house, white picket fence, sensible sedan parked in the drive. No doubt owned by Mr. and Mrs.

Average with two point four kids. Kids who'd be hyped up on the Christmas spirit already if the bright decorations in the garden and on the front of the house were any indication.

Cy sighed as he cut the engine and unfolded himself from the sleek sports car. It was his luxury, his little gift to himself and the only thing he bothered to spend money on. Why bother on anything else? His apartment he spent as little time in as possible and the club provided a uniform so he didn't need to bother with clothes. Okay, so maybe the sheer t-shirt was stretching 'clothing' a little bit. He flicked the central locking on and strode up the path towards the house. Better get this over with and thrill Mrs. Average who'd won a date with the bad boy he was supposed to be.

He knocked on the porch door, looking down and noticing the three sets of wellington boots set in a row just inside the screen to dry. A adult pair, female sized by the looks of them and two smaller pairs, one tiny pair in pink and a slightly larger pair with a cartoon hero emblazoned on the side.

Longing filled him. Family. Home. All the things he wanted but couldn't have.

*

"Crap, crap, crap. He can't be here already!"

Teresa raced around her tiny bedroom in search of her best strappy sandals, stubbed her toes in passing on the leg of the bed and erupted into more swearing.

Joanie's voice reading a story in the next room grew louder, a subtle reminder to keep her voice down as little ears heard all and often repeated choice phrases at the most inopportune moments.

Teresa swallowed her cursing and dropped to her knees to search under the bed for her shoes. With a crow of triumph her fingers closed around the familiar straps and she pulled them from their hiding place.

"Okay, mommy's going now," she called out, hopping from one foot to the other as she crammed her feet into the shoes. They'd be killing her within the hour but she couldn't afford to get new ones, not with James needing new school shoes and Molly shooting up like a bean.

"You sure I look okay?" Teresa's face must have mirrored her concern because Joanie's eyebrow hiked upwards in an expression Teresa knew well.

"Honey, you look fantastic. Stop fiddling," she admonished as Teresa fussed with the neckline of the dress. Like her shoes it was a couple of years old, from before her ill-fated marriage, and she'd put on a couple of pounds since then. So it was a little more...snug around the bust than it used to be. Luckily it was a stretch velour so it was forgiving. Maybe...hopefully.

"You look like a princess mommy." Two sets of wide eyes regarded her above duvets in respective pink and blue and Teresa's heart melted.

"Thank you sweetie. You be good for auntie Joan, okay? And go to sleep or Santa won't come." She warned as she swept into the small bedroom and kissed two freshly scrubbed cheeks, collecting hugs which smelt of baby powder, toothpaste and sleepy child.

Joan smiled as she hesitated a moment, unwilling to leave her children even for a date with the hottest man she'd ever seen. Then the doorbell chimed again, somewhat impatiently, as though the man outside knew somehow he was being ignored in favour of two small children. Teresa didn't think that would impress him any. Not looking the way he did, he was probably puffed up on his own looks and not impressed with having to take a middle-aged mother out on a date.

"Go..." Joan mouthed and carried on reading from the book in her hands. It was a book of fairy tales, one Teresa knew by heart, but Joanie was ad-libbing. So far the princess had decided to rescue herself and was hacking her way out of a forest after facing a dragon. For some reason the story also included a rapier wielding hedgehog and a toad with the hiccups, all of which Joan was providing voices for.

Teresa shook her head with a smile as she slipped out the room and headed down the stairs. "All right, all right, I'm coming. Keep your hair on!" she called out as the chimes went again.

*

Keep his hair on. Cy ran his hand over his shorn locks. Most pixies wore their hair at least shoulder length to show off the bright colour. Like peacocks strutting their stuff to attract the ladies. Trouble was, day-glo hair tended to stick out like a sore thumb. No one had any trouble picking them out from a crowd and, with the reputation pixies had as trouble makers, it made them a target for most law enforcement officers. Not to mention warned the ladies, of any species, off.

Cy's natural hair colour was bright blue, the same shade at his eyes. Dyeing it every couple of weeks was a bitch but it stopped the questions about his species.

Leaning against the door frame he waited for his date to get her act together and open it. At least she sounded nice.

Probably short, round and the wrong side of fifty, he thought to himself. The way his luck ran with women she'd be a twenty-pinter. Anyone caught him out with her they'd be calling him 'stumpy' for sure.

He closed his eyes for a second and slipped into the day-dream he'd been entertaining for a few days now. That his 'date' would be the mouth-watering little brunette he'd seen the night of the auction. As soon as he'd seen her he hadn't been able to take his eyes off her, spotting her easily despite the glare of all those lights in his face.

Who could blame him. Why would any guy in his right mind want to take his eyes off a woman like that? Just thinking about her heart-shaped face and those sinfully dark eyes was enough to have him at half mast again.

"Bollocks," he muttered and shoved his hand into his crotch to try and bate down his reaction. Great, the last thing he wanted was Mrs. Average to open the door and think he had a hard-on for her! Then the door swung open and Cy lost the power of speech.

Stood just the other side of the door was the brunette from the auction.

Cy's jaw hit the deck. He shook his head to clear it. Surely he was seeing things but no, it was her. The one he hadn't been able to get out of his head, the one who'd been giving him restless nights and wet dreams ever since. He'd tried to find her but she'd disappeared before he could make his way from backstage.

He'd been pissed off at the time, even more pissed off than he had been at the start of the evening. Pressured into the auction in the first place he'd refused to go the full monty and do the strip routine the guys had wanted. Red satin thong and all.

No way, no how. He wouldn't have put it past one of them to be taking photos from the back of the room and then they'd be plastered all over the walls in the staff room at work. Cy might be a little gullible at times, but he wasn't that stupid.

His irritation had grown deeper when no one at the table seemed to know who she was, giving him blank looks when he'd asked about the gorgeous brunette with the

'take me to bed' eyes and sinful lips.

Her lashes swept over her eyes as she looked down. Right to where his hand cupped his crotch. "Do you need to use the little boys room?" she asked coolly, a flash of amusement in her chocolate-sherry eyes. "I...ugh."

Shit. Cy snatched his hand away from his crotch as bright colour flared across his cheeks. He ignored it as his natural confidence surged back. His eyes dared her to keep looking and, if she did, to comment on the semi-erection starting to tent his jeans. Far from being embarrassed now he wanted her to notice it, wanted her to comment.

Her eyes widened, darted away, flicked back for a second, then settled on his face. Cy's lips quirked in amusement. If the sight of a semi like that got her flustered, he'd love to see what would happen if he whispered the wicked things he wanted to do to her in her ear. Starting with stripping that tight little dress from her luscious tits right here on the porch and suckling her n**ples until she was moaning in pleasure.

"No, I'm fine, thank you. I believe we have a date this evening?"

Cy straightened up and flashed her his best smile. The one which normally had the ladies panting and ready to do anything he wanted. To his surprise, it had totally the opposite effect. Her lovely eyes shuttered over and she smiled a small, brittle smile.

"We do indeed. Let me just get my coat."

When she reappeared she was wrapped shoulders to mid-calf in a voluminous trench-coat Cy took an immediate dislike to. Not only was it hideous but it hid her wonderful figure. A figure Cy wanted to see more of...much more of. Preferably without that red dress, lovely was it was, on.

She'd be all satin skin over those glorious curves. Curves he intended to take his time exploring and finding all the spots that made her squirm in pleasure. The fun he'd have finding things out about her. Did she prefer her n**ples licked or sucked? Would she be a moaner or a screamer as he made her come with his lips and tongue? Would she gasp as he filled her with his c*ck over and over again?

"My lady, if you'll allow me?"

Cy locked his thoughts away in a corner of his mind and offered her his arm, trying his best to be gallant. Not easy when she was looking at him as though he'd just crawled out from under a rock. That wasn't something he was used to. For a pixie Cy was considered good looking. Pretending to be human with dyed hair and the whole pixie/fae sexual edge going on, he was devastating. Something he accepted without question or vanity, but something he was more than happy to use to his advantage, especially with a woman like this.

For a moment he allowed a fantasy of what would have happened if she'd been a pixie to fill his mind. They'd have met at a clan gather-perhaps to celebrate a wedding or truce-and he'd have moved heaven and earth to possess her. Even to the point of starting a war so he could claim her as his own.

Might made right. The Pixie code. If you could take it and hold onto it, you could keep it. "Of course."

She placed a delicately boned hand on his arm. A shiver shot through Cy. The heat that had been banking up, fuelled by his thoughts, broke free of its constraints and flared into a full blown inferno at her touch.

The gasp which left his lips was as unexpected as it was unintentional. Play boy extraordinare Cy usually had better control than that. Even more surprising was her echoing intake of breath.

A buzz of awareness arched between them.

Cy turned his head and caught her eye. Again her eyes widened and, this time, anger filled them as she pulled her hand away.

"Let's get on with it, shall we?" she asked, breaking away from him to stride down the short path to his car.

What the fuck? She'd felt that too, he'd seen it in her eyes. Cy followed her like a puppy on a leash-all the while trying not to imagine what her ass looked like under all that material.

He failed. Miserably.

"Flashy. Guess you don't have a family."

The comment dripped acid. Cy frowned. Where had that come from? And the anger? Had he done something to upset her? Impossible, he'd only arrived a few minutes ago and even he couldn't piss off a woman that quick. Had he met her before and pissed her off somehow?

"No," he said, his voice clipped. "I don't have a family."

*

The drive to the restaurant was painfully silent. Cy kept stealing glances at his passenger. She sat in silence, no attempt to engage him in conversation. She just looked out of the window.

Cy's confusion grew. She was acting like she didn't want to be here. If she didn't then why the hell had she bid on the date with him?

His annoyance grew by the minute, swelling and filling him. Cy was a hot-head, always had been. He couldn't keep things bottled up for long and, sure enough, within minutes he cracked.

"Okay. Time out," Cy announced as he swung the sleek sports car out of the flow of traffic. He pulled up, yanked the handbrake on and looked at her. As he did he tried to school his expression to cool, calm and collected. So what if he thought she was the sexiest thing on the planet? If she wasn't into him, she wasn't into him.

"So do you want to carry on? Or should I turn the car around and take you home now?"

Finally she turned her head and the darkness in her eyes took his breath away.

Then she shook her head and smiled. Well, she attempted a smile. Cy wasn't fooled.

Someone, somewhere had hurt this woman and hurt her badly.

"Of course I want to carry on. Why else do you think I paid for the date?"

Chapter Three

Oh my god, he was gorgeous. More so than he had been the other night on stage, if that was possible. His hair was dark and cropped so close to the scalp it was hard to tell exactly what colour it was. Teresa curled her hands into her lap and fought the urge she'd been having since she'd first seen him at her door. The urge to reach out and run her hands over his head was overwhelming. An image of his dark head against the pale skin of her breast filled her mind. She could almost imagine the warmth of his mouth as his lips closed around her nipple. Teresa bit back a moan.

She'd always had a thing about guys with short, short hair. The ones with tattoos and attitude. Perhaps it was a self defence mechanism. She had fallen so easily for her charming liar of a 'husband' that she'd totally the other way. Whatever, there was just something about the bad boy image Cy exuded that just did it for her. Although there was no way she was ever admitting that to him, or anyone.

His hair was dark but his eyes were a bright electric blue. So blue she was sure they couldn't be natural. He had to be wearing contacts.

Teresa snuck another glance out of the corner of her eye. The car was low slung and powerful. He lounged with indolent grace behind the wheel, his movements masterful as he wove the car in and out of the traffic towards their destination.

His hands caressed the wheel as they made a sharp left turn into the car-park, the dark tattoos across the backs stark against his skin. Teresa shivered as a longing to have those hands stroking over her body filled her.

She fought it down. What on earth was wrong with her? Cy was just the type of guy she should avoid. Although he had the bad boy image she was sure it was a front.

He was handsome and successful if the car was any indication. They'd said he was a waiter but she didn't believe that was what he really was.

Probably some rich kid living off daddy's money as he went through a rebellious phase. And as soon as he was out of it, laser surgery would take care of those tattoos and he'd be back into designer threads before you could blink. If he worked, and that was a big if, it would no doubt be in a luxury office somewhere as a suit. Maybe daddy owned a bank or something. Not the sort who'd be interested in a middle aged mother of two who was carrying a few extra pounds. No, he was the sort whose arm would be decorated with the latest upcoming stick insect starlet who was heavy on the breast implants and light on the brains.

Christ, if she didn't stop with the little glances from under her hair Cy was going to stop the damn car here and now, pull her into his lap and kiss her senseless. The quick looks were filled with an interest and speculation totally absent when he was looking at her. But when she thought he wasn't it was all there and more.

He swung the car between the rows in the car-park looking for a spot and refused to feel self conscious about parking the car himself. If she was looking for a place with valet parking then she really had the wrong guy. Finally he spotted one.

Right at the back it was half hidden by the bushes surrounding the car park and shielded from the restaurant by a large SUV. A sly smile crossed his lips as he headed that way. Perfect.

Cy slid from the driver's seat with as much nonchalance as he could muster.

Which wasn't much given what he was about to do. So what if she was married? Cy avoided thinking about her husband, if the man was weak willed enough to let her out on a date with him, then he deserved to lose her.

Might made right.

She'd bid on a date with a bad boy, so a bad boy was what she was going to get.

In spades. Skirting around the trunk of the car he opened her door smoothly and extended a hand to help her out. Her feet emerged first, delicate and finely boned they were set off to perfection in the strappy sandals she wore.

Her toenails weren't painted the sort of dark colour Cy was used to. Instead they had a slight sheen and sparkle to them. The sort of nails that said she hadn't primped and preened for hours before she'd met him at the door.

It was different and Cy liked it. Right about now, although he'd never particularly had a foot fetish before, he could happily have kissed those delicate feet.

En-route to other, more interesting areas of course.

Slender calves followed, then knees. The red velvet of her dress was hiked up and revealed curvy thighs that made Cy's mouth water. Sod the table he'd booked, all he wanted to do was lay her back on the hood, spread her legs and eat his fill of a far sexier dessert than any on the menu inside.

His date emerged from the car like a butterfly emerging from a chrysalis. She was petite, far shorter than him even in heels but Cy didn't care. He'd always had a thing for smaller women.

Smaller women with curves just like hers. None of the underfed rakes who threw themselves at him in the club, assuming every man found them irresistibly. No, give him a woman with padding on her bones, a woman he wouldn't break if he got a little...rough in bed. Or against a wall. Or across a car hood.

*

Despite his dark and brooding bad boy image Cy turned out to be highly articulate and an excellent dinner partner. He also knew how to use the cutlery and didn't slurp his soup as some of the other diners appeared to assume given the looks they shot towards the couple's table. Teresa sighed. Some people just couldn't see past appearances.

"So..." she said after the waiter left their table with the dessert order. Nothing for Cy and, of course, Death by Chocolate for her. They seemed to be getting on so she felt comfortable asking a question which was a little more personal. "What are all the tattoos about? You have a fair few and they don't seem to be the normal 'love/hate' tattoo's you see. They're actually quite beautiful..."

She trailed off at his suddenly set look. From a charming conversationalist he suddenly clammed up and went quiet, his expression wary. He didn't answer as a small party walked past them towards a table at the back of the restaurant.

Realising her blunder she dabbed at her lips with her napkin. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry."

He shook his head. "No, you're not prying. I...don't talk about them much." His voice was quiet and careful. Teresa frowned.

"Are you embarrassed about them, is that why? You know you can get tattoos removed these days? Laser surgery I think they use."

"No!" His reaction was as sharp as it was emphatic. The fingers of his left hand rubbed almost protectively over the knuckles of the other. "I'm not embarrassed about them at all..." He looked at her curiously. "You really don't realise do you?"

"Realise what?"

His lips quirked into a small smile that ignited the fire that had been simmering all night. She shivered and looked away, unable to hold his gaze. Within seconds though, she was looking back at him, as though the sight of him was magnetic.

"That I'm not human."

"You're not? Why, what are you then?"

Her look of surprise was so complete that, had it been any other subject they were discussing Cy would have laughed. But it wasn't any subject. It was him. What he was. Something he rarely discussed with anyone. Most of the people he kicked about with were paranormals, were part paranormal or had been around the scene long enough to realise what he was without asking.

Despite the clans trying to clean their acts up there was still a large amount of discrimination against Pixies. They were known as the thugs of the paranormal world.

A reputation not entirely undeserved. Pixie clans or pixies in general, could be nasty as all hell.

He took a deep breath and looked at her. "I'm a Pixie. From upstate but my clan...let's just say I don't have much in the way of family anymore." Cy tried to keep his voice level but fell short of the mark. No matter how much he tried, the loneliness and bitterness he felt at his exile always crept into the words. Someone as sensitive as Teresa was bound to pick up on it.

"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that." She reached over and touched his hand gently, her dark eyes sincere. Then she smiled. "So, pixies? What...like on toa-"

Cy moved like lightening. His finger on her lips stopped her sentence instantly.

"Please, no toadstool jokes. I'd have to spank you," he joked, his eyes warm. Teresa wasn't entirely sure whether he was joking or not but just the idea of being spanked sent a shiver through her. In fact, the idea of his hand anywhere on her sent fire racing through her veins.

"Careful," she threw back, growing more confident in the light teasing and flirting. It was a minor miracle in itself since Mario had done such a good job on trashing her self confidence. "I might enjoy it and then where would you be?"

"Oh, you'd enjoy it. So would I," he breathed, tracing the outline of her lips with a gentle finger. The blue of his eyes darkened to navy, the look in them hot enough to make Teresa blush. She dropped her gaze, looking down into her lap.

"I bet you say that to all the women," she laughed, shrugging the comment off.

"But thank you. I'm sure you'd much rather be out with a pretty blonde thing rather than a middle-aged, plump mother of two."

"You think?" He arched his eyebrow, still watching her intently as he leaned forwards. "Sweetheart, if I told you what I would rather be doing...with you...you'd run for cover. Come on...let's get out of here."

Even though she hadn't had her dessert Teresa didn't argue. Mind you, she didn't have much of a choice since Cy rose to his feet and headed for the door leaving her to trail after him. He paused for a moment by the cashier's desk so she caught up with him for all of a second before he enveloped his fingers in hers and pulled her outside into the cool night air.

"You look fantastic." His murmured compliment as they reached the car took her as much by surprise but not as much as his next move. Still holding her hand he pulled her hard against him. One hand slid across the back of her h*ps to prevent her escaping.

Teresa gasped as she felt the rampant hardness of his erection press into her. His other hand slid into the nape of her neck, his fingers winding around the silken strands of her hair as he tilted her face up to just the right angle for his kiss.

Her body stiffened as her hands slammed into the solid wall of his chest. Cy paused and looked down into her eyes. Anger and surprise flared there as they locked into a silent battle of wills. Would she let him kiss her? He hoped so, because he wanted to taste her lips more than he wanted to breathe right now.

"I'm going to kiss you," he warned, hearing the hitch in his own voice and marveling that one human woman could reduce him to such a mass of need. He leaned down, holding her eyes, until his lips were a bare whisper away from hers. She didn't move, frozen in place and her dark eyes on his. Dark eyes that smoldered not with anger any more, but need and longing.

Cy groaned. He couldn't resist her.

His lips brushed over hers as he tried to school himself to be gentle. She was human, not pixie. Not used to the demands of a full-blooded warrior as a woman of his race would be. So he would be gentle. Maybe. As much as he could.

Then disaster struck. Far from hardening under his as he'd expected, and pulling away at the first opportunity, her lips softened in silent invitation. Surprise running through his larger frame Cy flicked his tongue along her full lower lip.

She relaxed, her hands gentling on his chest as her lips parted. Just a fraction but it was enough. No way was he going to pass up even the smallest invitation from this woman.

Pressing her back against the side of the car Cy took control of the kiss. His hands drove into her hair, scattering pins as his tongue parted her lips and gained access to the sweet inner recesses of her mouth. It was heaven. Warm silk and just a touch of whiskey laced coffee.

Desire throbbing through him Cy lifted his head. "Whiskey?" She hadn't had an alcoholic drink over dinner and certainly not whiskey. "You needed Dutch courage before our date?"

She opened passion-darkened eyes and the look in them speared Cy. His n**ples under the thin tee-shirt peaked and rubbed against the fabric, the silver rings through them growing colder by the minute. Pleasure arced through his body, his c*ck hardening another painful notch and rubbing against the inside of his jeans.

She nodded and laughed. The soft sound was melodious in the night air and Cy was entranced. It was a new feeling for the Pixie. Usually humans were entranced by him, not the other way around.

"Yeah, a little. I mean, come on. Me and someone like you?"

The nerves in her voice were enough to melt even the most hardened heart. His thumb stroked over her cheek in a gentle caress even as his lips curled into a sly smile.

"You mean a bad boy like me?" he asked and leaned in to kiss her again.

This time he didn't bother with gentle. He crushed her lips under his and took what he wanted.

She didn't struggle, just opened up to him with a sexy little mewl in the back of her throat. He stroked his tongue along hers in an erotically charged dance, keeping her off balance as he gathered one of her legs up against his hip. His fingers hooked behind her knee for the lift then slid under the velvet.

She gasped at the bold touch but didn't stop him. His hand slid higher as he moved to nibble on her lower lip, then planted small kisses along her jaw. His sharp teeth nipped lightly at her earlobe as his fingertips smoothed over the rounded curve of her ass.

Oh my god, she wasn't wearing panties. Cy's arousal hit the stratosphere. So much for the 'touch me not' attitude, she'd come out expecting some action! He moaned against the soft skin of her throat and ground his h*ps against her. A red mist descended. All he could think about was busting his c*ck into her willing softness. He literally ached, shaking from head to foot as his fingers ventured further.

"Oh yeah baby, that's it," he murmured in encouragement as she whimpered and rocked her h*ps against his hand. Then, finally, he reached his goal and swept his fingers along her feminine folds. But, instead of the arousal slicked cleft he was expecting, his fingers touched hot, damp satin.

She was wearing a thong.

He should have been disappointed but, bizarrely, he wasn't. He was relieved she wasn't some bored and easy housewife looking for a cheap thrill. He pressed against the heated satin covering her cl*t and was rewarded with a shuddering whimper.

"Oh...yes, god yes."

Cy changed the pressure, rubbing in tiny circles over the sensitive flesh until she was gasping and moaning in his arms. Her h*ps rocked against his hand. A silent demand for more.

"Oh yeah, you like that, don't you baby?" he whispered against her ear then kissed behind it, seeking the spot there that made her squirm in pleasure. His free hand smoothed up her curves and cupped her breast.

"Fuck, you've got great tits. All I can think about is kissing them and sucking on your n**ples..."

"Mhhhmmm," was her only response and the satin under Cy's fingers grew hotter and wetter as her arousal increased. She was so sensitive it was unreal. "Yes, please. The dress...stretches." The Pixie didn't need a second invitation. Within a heartbeat he hooked his fingers into the neckline of her dress and pulled it down. Fabric tore, ripped in his haste, but Cy didn't care. He was too busy staring at the glorious sight revealed to him to care about anything else.

The perfect mounds of her br**sts rose above a delicate lace demi-bra designed to drive any red- blooded man wild. Cy's mouth went dry. He reached out a shaking hand to trail his fingertips along the satin edging of the cup.

She didn't say anything, didn't make a move to stop him. Instead her head dropped back, her eyes fluttering closed as she willingly gave herself up to his touch.

Yes! She was his. Cy snapped out of his trance and moved in for the kill. Anyone could walk past and break the mood. And he knew if that happened he'd never get her back into his position. Not easily anyway, certainly not offering him her half-naked br**sts whilst he had his hand up her skirt. She'd be too embarrassed.

Whatever magic had her here now he didn't know and he didn't care. Might-or guile-made right.

"You're beautiful." His whisper was heartfelt as he bent his head to place a gentle kiss on the soft, creamy flesh of her cl**vage. Christmas Eve and he had a willing woman in his arms. That had to be the best Christmas present in the world...well, bar being part of a family. That was the thing Cy wanted most in the world. To feel like he belonged again. This wasn't it but, for a little while, he could pretend.

It was the work of a second to slide his fingers into her bra and push the lace out of the way. A sigh whispered from his lungs as her nipple was released from captivity.

Taut and puckered it was dusky against the pale skin of the rounded globe.

Cy licked his lips and leaned in. He swirled his tongue around the tight bud at the same moment he swept his fingers under the damp satin of her thong. She started in surprise at the dual assault. But Cy wasn't finished yet, not by a long shot. He drew her nipple into his mouth, rolling the sensitive bud against the back of his teeth, as his fingers stroked along the folds of her p**sy.

He found her cl*t and smiled at the strangled whimper that escaped her throat as he circled it. Liquid heat met his fingers as explored further. She was hot and wet, more than ready for him.

His c*ck twitched in his pants. It would be so easy to push that satin aside, free himself and slide into her here and now. Seat himself to the hilt and f**k her right there up against his car.

*

Oh god, she was going to come. Right here and now. In a car park, up against the side of a car with a stranger's hand in her panties. She tried to hold back her moans as his lips paid homage to her br**sts. He moved from one to the other as his clever fingers circled her cl*t in erotic little circles. Unbidden her h*ps rocked against his hand.

A silent demand for more, far more.

Teresa opened her eyes and tried to focus through the sensual haze that had enveloped her. She couldn't believe this was happening. She didn't normally do things like this. Not impulsive, seat of the pants, dangerously erotic things like practically hav**g s*x with a guy she didn't know within an hour of meeting him.

His eyes caught hers as he straightened up, his handsome face set into grim lines.

It was the sort of look she would have quailed at before. Would now, if not for the smoldering desire she could see in the peacock blue.

"Come for me." His deep voice urged her on, his breath fanning the soft skin of her neck in hot waves. Out of sight under her velvet skirt his fingers continued to work their magic. Stroking back and forth across her clit; each stroke making her p**sy clench tightly. She needed something more, her body yearning, needing something more, her p**sy desperate to be filled by the hardness she could feel pressed against her belly.

"Come and I'm going to f**k you," he promised, his voice hypnotic. "Not here, but on the way home. I'll stop somewhere quiet, dark. I'm gonna to spread your legs and eat your sweet p**sy until you scream my name. Then, when you think you can't take any more pleasure, I'm going to take you. Hard and fast, like the bad boy you wanted."

Teresa shivered, unable to stop the tremors that racked her body. She pushed her h*ps against his hand again. "Yes...please," she begged, willing to do anything to get what she needed. To hell with being sensible, to hell with tomorrow. Right or wrong, she wanted more. An early Christmas present to herself.

He moved and slid a finger inside her. Teresa couldn't breathe. Her p**sy clamped around the invading digit as a wave of fire rolled through her veins. He pulled back and then a second finger joined the first, his thumb pushing up against her cl*t as he thrust inside her.

"You feel f**king great. Hot and wet...tight. You like that, don't you baby?" he murmured, f**king her with his fingers as he leaned down to suckled on her tits again.

All Teresa could do was moan and hold on. The coil of tension low down in her belly grew tighter and tighter. Any moment now it was going to snap-

"Yeah, that's it baby...let it go. Come for me, I want to feel you come." His whisper in her ear was a dark temptation. Teresa shuddered and turned into him, placing a clumsy kiss on his cheek as she panted in need. Her body ached, the familiar waves pushing her closer and closer to the edge. Cy groaned. "That's it. I want you to come. God, I can just imagine sliding my c*ck into you. Your cunt...so tight and wet."

The dirty words just did it for Teresa. With a gasp her world shattered apart and became pure, sparkling pleasure that filled her core and radiated out to every cell in her body.

Chapter Four

Holy hell, could his luck get any better? Sat in the small front room of Teresa's house Cy tried not to lounge on the comfortable couch but sit respectfully instead.

Trouble was Pixies didn't do respectful well. In fact disrespect was pretty much coded into their genes.

He still couldn't believe what had happened back there in the car park and-

when she'd asked him afterwards if he wanted to come back to her place-you could have knocked him down with a feather. In all honesty, once she came around from the shattering cli**x he'd brought her to, he'd expected her to tell him to get lost.

She hadn't. Instead she'd muttered something about an early Christmas present.

Somehow Cy didn't think she meant for him but it was as near as dammit so he wasn't going to argue.

Sighing Cy gave up on the not lounging and rested his head back for a second and closed his eyes. Desire and anticipation throbbed through every inch of his body, creating a symphony of need that had him as hard as a rock. Things like this didn't happen to him, not with nice women like Teresa. Oh, he got the come on's from club-goers but the bosses tended to frown on fraternization, even though they had been the worst ones for it at one point. Even if they hadn't he didn't want some pissed up twenty-something who was just interested in a good time and alcohol. He wanted someone...

Cy opened his eyes and looked around. The scene that met his eyes was that of a typical family home. Battered and well worn couches surrounded a large fireplace and a television was set off to one side, tucked out of the way rather than the central focus of the room like in many houses.

The wreath trimmed mantle was overcrowded with photos. Teresa and two children-a girl and a boy. Cy's sharp eyes scanned them again, just to be sure. No man, no husband.

He released a deep breath, a sigh of relief he hadn't realised he'd been holding.

No husband and no competition. He didn't think she was the sort of woman to cheat on her partner but it was nice to be sure.

The rest of the room followed the Christmas theme. Tinsel adorned the tops of the pictures and enthusiastically-made paper-chains were anchored in the corners of the ceiling and festooned along the walls. To top it all a large Christmas tree stood in the corner of the room, its decorations a riot of colour and, underneath it, waited a pile of presents.

Cy gasped as a wave of longing hit him hard again. Home, family, all the things missing from his life. All the things he'd kill to be able to turn the clock back for...to stop Marcus before he'd gotten tangled with the kyn. Lesson learned-never mess with Vampires, they made ruthless enemies.

"Yeah, they're both in bed. Sound asleep-"

The voice warned him an instant before Teresa and another woman walked into the main room. The babysitter. The one Teresa had to get rid of before he could strip that infernal dress from her delectable body and get her where he wanted her. Whether that was under his tongue whilst he ate her p**sy or under his body as he f**ked her slow and deliberately-he didn't care.

By then end of the night he planned to have taken her in every way possible. She might have borne two children but she still had a haunting aura of innocence. The wicked things he wanted to do to her, with her, it didn't stand a chance.

"-oh my. You're gonna do it. Actually gonna do it!" The babysitter squeaked, looking from Cy sat on the couch to the blushing Teresa and back again. Cy unfolded himself from the clinging embrace of the couch and offered his hand.

"Hi. I'm Cy..." he offered, trailing off so she'd introduce herself. If there was one thing he'd realised about women it was to endear himself to the friends as well as the woman he was pursing, it made things so much easier. She took the bait with a broad smile.

"Pleased to meet you Cy. I'm-"

"Just leaving," Teresa broke in, a new note of jealousy and impatience in her voice that Cy found he liked. She snatched her friend's hand from his and hustled her towards the door. "Thanks for tonight Joanie, I'll see you tomorrow. Have a great night's sleep," she said as she bundled the other woman through the doorway.

Joan just laughed, not appearing to take offence at Teresa's rude behaviour and waved over her shoulder. "Nice to have almost met you Cy. You make sure you keep her up all night, you hear?" Then she was gone as Teresa slammed the door in her face.

"So..." She leaned back against the now closed door, a sexy little look on her face.

"Where were we?"

Cy smiled a dangerous little smile as he sauntered over. One hand reached out and slid around her waist to pull her hard against him. Her breath left her lungs in a little 'whoosh' as she landed against his broad chest. Her fingers weren't idle, initially hitting his chest but then spreading out to explore the solid muscle under the thin T-shirt. Cy had already shed his jacket but, at her touch, even the light material seemed too heavy and constraining.

His fingers spread out over the back of her h*ps as he cupped her ass, admiring the sensual curves before yanking her h*ps up against his. Her breath stuttered and those beautiful eyes widened again as she how much he wanted her. Cy hid his smile at the look of surprise. He was a pixie and, like most paranormal races, they were bigger built in the c*ck department than humans.

"Ever been with a paranormal?" His question was whispered a mere hairsbreadth from her lips but he knew the answer. She'd been too surprised to discover he wasn't human to be familiar with the night-races.

The tiny shake of her head confirmed his thinking a second before he leaned in and claimed her lips. He'd wanted to be slow and deliberate, wanted to take the time to savour this, but the instant his lips touched hers all bets were off.

All the need and passion that had been building up since the night of the auction, tempered and simmering since the incident in the car park on the way home, boiled over the top. Cy growled. His lips kissed, licked and nipped at hers. A demand she open up to him and give him what he wanted, what they both needed.

The growl turned to a groan when she did. His tongue thrust past her lips and tasted her, exploring the sweet recesses of her mouth ruthlessly. He urged her backwards until she was pressed against the closed door, his larger body pressing insistently into her.

"You want this?" he broke the fevered kiss for a moment to whisper against her lips. He was rough, tough and dangerous...he knew that, it was the pixie way...but unlike some of the others, he'd never taken an unwilling woman. "Say no now...or I'm going to f**k you."

"What? Here?" Her voice held a note of surprise but Cy felt the tremor that racked her body. Saw the way her eyes darkened with need. She'd probably never had sex anywhere other than a bed before but he'd bet his bottom dollar she'd fantasised about it often enough.

"Here...now." His lips grazed down the silken skin of her throat. As he kissed her his hands slid the straps of the gloriously stretchy dress off her shoulders. Whoever the designer was...Cy wanted to kiss him. He wound the straps around his fingers and dragged it down. The red velvet inched lower and the pixies eyes followed it every inch of the way.

It caught for a second on the swell of her br**sts, then dropped to her waist. A waist so narrow Cy could span it in his two hands. His mouth went dry, his c*ck raging at the mere sight of her revealed to his eyes. Impatient he yanked on the fabric.

"Take your bra off," he ordered, hearing but unable to do anything about the pleading note in his voice. He needed her nak*d and nak*d now. As she slid her hands behind her back he pushed the dress over her h*ps and let it drop. It hit the floor at the same second her br**sts were released.

Cy lost the ability to breath, his peacock blue eyes swirling dark with need as he looked at her. Stood against the door in just a thong, stockings and heels with her hair falling around her shoulders like a dark cloud, she was an erotic fantasy come to life.

"Uhmmmm..." He managed which, even Cy had to admit, wasn't him at his most eloquent. He reached out to roll one rock hard nipple between his thumb and fore-finger. She gasped, lips paring as her head fell back against the door. The half-lidded sultry look she gave him snapped the remainder of Cy's control.

With a small groan he moved in. Pressing her against the cool wood he gathered her leg over his hip, fingers of the other hand sweeping the satin between her legs aside as he took her lips. He didn't bother with preliminaries, thrusting two fingers inside her p**sy at the same time his tongue slid past her lips.

The dual sensation almost unmanned him. Her sexy little whimper and wiggle were the most erotic thing he'd ever experienced. Her tight channel was hot and wet, slick with her arousal. He pumped his fingers twice, his thumb pressing against her clit, then scissored them to test her readiness. She moaned again and thrust her h*ps against him. She was ready, more than ready if the greedy clutching of her cunt on his fingers was any indication.

Unable to hold off any longer Cy pulled from her. It was the work of a second to drop his zipper and free himself. His rigid c*ck sprang free eagerly, aching to be inside her willing body. He dipped his knees and, using his hand, ran the broad head up and down her slick, wet cleft. He gritted his teeth at the sensation, rubbing his cock-head against the hard nub of her cl*t until her moans devolved into mindless whimpers. Then he moved, fitted himself against the slick entrance to her cunt and filled her in one hard thrust.

*

Teresa's world stopped as he slammed his rigid c*ck home. A short panted gasp escaped her lips as her body stretched, p**sy lips parting to accommodate his thick length. She'd never had a lover quite so big. She felt stuffed-almost uncomfortably so.

The fit of their bodies was so tight she could feel blood pulsing through the thick vein on the underside of his cock.

Her mouth watered at the thought of it. She had always liked sucking c*ck and it had been a long time since Mario. A long, lonely time. But she was already too far gone to suggest it. She needed him inside her, needed him to fill her. Next time she promised herself, a small whimper in the back of her throat.

Cy reared back at the sound. His nostrils flared and he held perfectly still. Worry shadowed his eyes as he searched her face in concern. "You okay baby? I didn't hurt you, did I?"

Something inside her melted when she heard the tension in his voice. So much for the bad boy he pretended to be, she knew better. Inside he was as soft as marshmallow.

"No, you didn't hurt me..." she whispered, her voice gaining strength as she spoke. "But, if you don't move soon I'm going to die of bloody frustration."

Her arms wound about his neck as her lips found his ear. She sucked and nibbled on the lobe, pulling it into her mouth to flick the earring there with her tongue.

"Will you quit worrying and just...just..." She couldn't say it, a flush rising on her cheeks as she trailed off instead.

"Just what?" Cy's lips curved into a wicked little smile. "This?" he asked as he rolled his hips. Pleasure exploded through Teresa's body. She'd cli**xed earlier and normally, a release that explosive wiped her out for the night. Not this time. All the way home her body had thrummed with awareness of the lean, muscled man sat next to her.

"Yes, oh yes."

The look in his eyes grew more wicked at her soft plea. He pulled back, until he was almost out of her then slid back into her in one powerful slide. His thick c*ck stroked nerve endings which had been neglected for far too long. Pressing her back against the door he hauled her leg higher on his hip. Crowded against hard wood by his larger body Teresa realised how much bigger and stronger he was. For the first time in years she felt delicate and feminine rather than plump and dowdy.

Then he stopped. Teresa pouted in disappointment and bit back the urge to demand he carry on. She rocked her h*ps in impatience, trying to urge him on without words.

"Oh no sweetheart, you want it-you beg for it," he ordered. As if to punctuate his point he rotated his hips, pressing his c*ck against the slick walls of her p**sy in all new and interesting ways.

"Beg," he demanded. "Tell me you want me to f**k you and I will. I'll f**k you so hard and in so many different ways you'll never...want another man." He said the last few words with a hint of surprise in his voice. As though he couldn't believe what he was saying himself.

Heat rose in Teresa's cheeks. At the same time her body insisted she needed more. She needed him to move. Needed him to f**k her. Now.

"Yes, yes! Fuck me...please. Oh please god, just f**k me," Teresa begged, wriggling on his thick shaft. Impaled as she was she couldn't move far but the movement provided a delicious friction which had her moaning all over again.

"As my lady commands," Cy murmured, his breath hot against her throat. Teresa jumped as his tongue flicked out, the rough, wet rasp swiping directly over the spot on her neck that made her go weak at the knees.

He surged into her again. And again. Each time pulling out of her with a sexy little liquid sound as the skin of his c*ck dragged against the tightness of her hot, wet cunt.

Teresa felt herself grow wetter which in turn made his thrusts easier until he was f**king her with long, hard strokes.

"Bet you didn't think our date would end up like this, did you?" he taunted, easily holding her pinned against the door with the force of his movements. "Getting a good hard f**k up against your front door with your p**sy rammed full of pixie cock."

He pushed into her again, rotating his h*ps on the last few words. Her eyes rolled back in her head in pleasure. It was all she could do to breathe, never mind answer him.

"Look at me." His demand was harsh and dragged her out of her sensual haze.

Blinking, Teresa forced herself to focus.

Reaching down Cy hooked a big hand under her other leg and lifted. His lips claimed hers in a quick erotic kiss before he leaned back. "Look," he ordered, nodding to where their bodies joined. "I want to watch you watching me f**k you."

Lightening arched through Teresa at his words. Her gaze dropped down. His c*ck was buried to the root in her p**sy. As she watched he pulled out and her p**sy lips parted, clinging around the rigid shaft that emerged, the skin glistening with her juices. Fascinated, she couldn't tear her eyes away, watching as he pushed back inside her-her body engulfing the thick veined cock.

"This is all I've been able to think about, ever since that night at the auction," he admitted, working himself back inside her with a series of quick thrusts. "I saw this amazing woman-you- and I had to have you."

Leaning down he sucked a pert nipple into his mouth and sucked hard. Teresa cried out and clutched him too her, her hands holding his head as she offered her full br**sts to him. With his mouth on her and his c*ck deep inside her she was nearly there, almost ready to come. Something about his growled admission got to her but she couldn't concentrate on it. Not with what he was doing.

His c*ck filled her again, her cl*t throbbing as it was pressed between their pelvic bones. Her release throbbed just out of reach and the strong muscled of her channel tightened. A rhythmic clenching that made Cy grit his teeth.

"Oh fuck-I'm gonna come."

"Yes..." Teresa panted, adding an extra wriggle every time she slid down his engorged cock. It felt so good. She'd forgotten just how good sex could be. But then, she hadn't bothered much since Mario. Just hadn't felt the urge, at least until her bad, boy pixie here had turned up.

Then, without warning, she was there. Time slowed almost to a stop as the tension in her belly, the ache deep in her p**sy, wound to an unbearable level and then...snapped. She cried his name as pleasure rolled her over and under like a swimmer caught in a wave. She heard but couldn't process his answering curse.

He thrust once, twice, three times more then slammed his c*ck home. As his body went rigid she felt his c*ck swell within her, pumping his seed deep within her.

Pleasure expanded within her like a million brilliant shards of light, each one perfect as they swirled out from her core, colliding with each other as the light filled every cell of her body. A perfect and endless firework display of sheer ecstasy.

Panting as the feeling began to recede and some semblance of brain function return Teresa blinked and then smiled at him a little shyly. Why the hell she should be shy after what they'd just shared she didn't know...but she was.

His face held such a look of surprise and intense erotic satisfaction that there was no question he'd enjoyed it as much as she had. But, despite that, there was a hint of wariness in his eyes, coupled with a resignation that yanked on Teresa's heart-strings.

As though, now they were done, he expected to be thrown out.

She wound her arms around his neck, wriggling again and relishing the feel of his still hard c*ck within her. "That was fantastic," she purred. "But it seems to me that I got the better end of the deal here...How do you feel about round two?" She yawned widely, realising how late it was and how much she still had to do before the big day and Santa arriving.

"Or," she added, going out on a limb. "If you wanted to stay, I could give you your Christmas present after the kids go to their Nanna's in the morning...?"

Cy started in surprise, his peacock blue eyes searching her face. Eyes Teresa wanted to see waking up beside her in the morning, and not just once. Then he smiled, the slow, happy smile of a man who'd just been given the best Christmas present of all; the chance of a family again.

