Chapter One

"Please be able to help," I muttered as I looked up at the sign over the door in front of me. It read 'Paranormal Protection Agency' and if you'd asked me six months ago if I'd be here knocking on their door needing help, I'd have told you to take more water with it. Now? I'd have the bottle from you quick as a flash and you could keep the damn water.

"Jared, I know you were a cop but for f**ks sake, when did 'protect and serve' become 'protect and service'?"

Since my name wasn't Jared and I'd never been a cop, it was obviously someone else getting the dressing down. But I still stopped halfway through the door and considered doing an about-face to escape from the irate female voice.

Yeah, a place that proclaimed itself as the 'Paranormal Protection Agency' was bound to be a little different, but that was a little far out, even for me.

Given the current conversation going on further back in the officers, my timing was as much a SNAFU as my life. Staring down the business end of a nasty little curse my bastard of an ex had arranged after we split, and with an important function tonight, I was rapidly running out of options and that more sacred of commodities: time.

Before I could turn around and beat a hasty retreat, a male voice issued from further within. Deep and rich, it sent a soul-deep shiver through my body right down to my curling toes. There's nothing as sexy as a man's voice, especially the deep, gravelly ones and this one had more gravel than a landscaped garden.

"Sorry boss, but she was hot, and by that I mean haaaaawt. Besides, how will I satisfy my mate when I find her if I don't take advantage of every learning experience now?"

"Jared! She was a f**king German Shepherd!"

WTF? A German Shepherd? What kind of place were these people running?

"And I'm a wolf. Your point is?"

The reply was so nonplussed that it caught my interest. With a sick sense of fascination I stepped through the door and let it close silently behind me.

The office beyond was standard for small offices the world over. A cluster of desks sat under one of the windows while a lone plastic plant guarded the door. I checked. Yup. Scrunched up sticky notes in the pot indicated it had been used as target practise. Seemed normal so far. I shivered and ventured further into the lion's den.

"My point is you don't screw the client's pets! The last thing I need is for my best shifter to be banged up for...what the f**k would that be called anyway? It's gotta be illegal."

I pursed my lips at the thought as I headed toward the back of the office. If both participants were technically animals, would the law give a damn? Long practise kept my mouth shut but it was a struggle. That had always been my problem: open mouth, insert foot. No apparent intervention of brain.

"No screwing the client's pets. Got it, boss."

There was a pause, and I reached out to knock on the half open door in front of me, but something warned me to wait.

"Does that mean I'm okay to screw the client's wives instead?"

"Stone!"

"Just checking the ground rules, boss."

I stopped at the near bellow of outrage, recognising a woman only just holding onto control in the face of total male provocation. Any woman who'd been married was more than familiar with the feeling and I felt a sense of kinship with her.

"Out, just get out! Before I get Cal to kick your ass from here to kingdom come!"

"Awww don't be so mean, Iliona. You love me, you know you do!" A male laugh sounded, rich and silky, as the door was yanked open. Startled, I withdrew my hand and stepped back sharply, not wanting to get trampled by however many paranormals spilled through the opening.

Just one man filled the frame, the width of his shoulders blocking the light from within. I was forced to look up, which was no great surprise. At five foot nothing in my bare feet, pretty much everyone was taller than I was. What did surprise me was the fact that I was in the presence of a god, or at least the movie version of one.

Tall, dark and handsome didn't cut it. Ice-blue eyes focused on me, zeroing in with the accuracy of a laser-sighting system. The ice warmed instantly, the blue flooding with heat as his gaze swept my body with a slow, assessing look.

Tingles ran riot over my skin, covering each inch after his warm gaze moved on. I squirmed, clenching my thighs together, needing to do something, anything, to try and ease the sudden, savage ache between them.

Heat swept over my cheeks. I forced myself to stand upright and look bored as I waited for him to look me in the eye again. Although short, my bust was big enough that the girls regularly held conversations with members of the opposite gender. So much so that I'd long since gotten past the whole clickey fingers 'my eyes are up here, buddy' thing. It got old, fast. These days I just waited for attention to return to my face. If it did, the guy was a keeper.

To his credit, he looked up within seconds, the assessment swift but full of interest as he stalked toward me. I back-pedalled instinctively, the automatic desire to retain my personal space warring with the need to get all up close and cosy with the lean hard body under the simple t-shirt and rugged cargo pants. He didn't give me an option, determination in his eyes as he easily backed me up to corral me in a corner.

My shoulders hit the wall and I brought my hands up as an ineffective ward. The gasp that whispered around the silent office was mine, escaping from my throat as he walked right up to me until my hands rested against the solidness of his broad chest. I looked up, unable to turn away, unable to do anything as he dominated my world.

"Fuck me." He paused, eyes searching mine as though looking for the answer to a question that had been bothering him for years. What it was, I had no clue, but pleasure and satisfaction displaced the heat for a second. "Or marry me. Then I get to f**k you lots."

My hand moved on automatic, the loud crack of my palm contacting his cheek making me jump but he just grinned. Anger cancelled out any mortification I felt at the red mark over his face.

"Watch your language, young man. Do you talk to your mother with that mouth?"

The grin grew broader, a white flash of teeth in the semi-darkness of the office, as his hand slid around my waist. With my hand on that side occupied by pushing at his chest to stop him pinning me with his body weight, I was all out of ways to stop him.

"Yeah, but I don't want to f**k my mother, or marry her. But I'd sacrifice myself on the altar of marriage for one lick of your creamy cunt."

I raised my free hand again but he was ready for me. His large hand wrapped around my wrist with a casual strength that stole my breath away and he clicked his tongue against the back of his teeth in disapproval.

"Careful, sexy. All this rough stuff and I'll think you're trying to come onto me."

"Stone! Put her down!"

The order from somewhere behind the wall of his broad shoulders made me jump. In the heat of the moment I'd forgotten where we were, and what I'd come here for in the first place, but the sound of my Casanova's boss brought me down to earth with a bump.

Stone didn't move, just looked over his shoulder at his boss, who I still couldn't see. "Whatever she wants."

I couldn't help it. The snark just had to get out. Keeping it inside had to be unhealthy or something. If nothing else, I'd always been careful of my health. Shoving at the brick wall that was his chest, I lifted an eyebrow in my best 'Oh really?' expression.

"And what if I want a bottom for my bisexual male lover?"

He turned and looked down at me, the heat in his eyes reaching inferno level as the hand at my waist slid around my back. My pitiful pushing on his chest was no match for the strength in his muscled frame as he yanked me up against him. He was hard, aroused...the thick bar of his c*ck pressing against the soft swell of my belly. A belly that carried a little more padding than I was comfortable with.

But there was no arguing with the heat in his eyes as he bent his head, his lips a hairsbreadth from mine as he whispered. "I'd get rid of your lover, then prove to you that you only need one man ever. Me."

"Stone, put her down, or else!" The order was barked and no nonsense. Slowly I was set back on my feet and my new admirer stepped back, hands raised as though someone had a gun trained on him. Perhaps they did. As he moved back, a small woman rushed into my line of sight, her expression swinging between pissed off and apologetic.

"I am so sorry about Stone," she assured me, casting him a furious glance as she got between us. "I'm Iliona, I run the agency. Please, come sit down and we can discuss why you're here."

The two men behind her... I blinked, sure I was seeing double before I realised they were twins...stepped between Stone and us as she led me through into the office at the back. Abruptly I felt bereft. Even though he'd almost assaulted me, there was an aura of capability about him. Instinctively I knew that whatever he set out to do, he would succeed at.

"It's okay, I'm okay...honestly," I assured her, smiling to put her at ease that I wasn't going to sue the company over their wayward werewolf. I looked over; he was prowling like a caged dog behind the twins. I took a deep breath and looked at Iliona directly.

"I need your best man for a...delicate assignment. Is he up to it?"

She nodded, her expression firm. "He's an ass but he's the best I've got. Whatever you need, he'll get it done." She grinned suddenly. "Or I'll have him neutered in the morning. With a blunt spoon."

* * *

"Shaken, not stirred. Yeah, right Eloise. You're stirred in the freaking head."

Shaken was not the word. Even now, hours later, I was still unsteady on my feet after that near kiss in the PPA offices. Stone had turned out to be Jared Stone, one of the agency's operatives, and a werewolf. A hot, sexy as hell werewolf with a hard, muscled body just made for...things I shouldn't really be thinking about since he was...well, since I was paying him to escort me to the hospital's charity ball tonight. Thinking about sex and money in the same sentence just didn't sit well with me. There were words for things like that. Not nice ones.

It was bad enough that I'd needed to book an escort in the first place. The admission that I couldn't find a date, a human date, that was willing to take me. Thanks to Pete, the ass-wipe. It hadn't taken me long into our relationship to work out that my ex was vindictive, but even I hadn't guessed he'd stoop so low as to have a curse put on me.

Nothing serious or life threatening. Just...things tended to happen to every guy I dated. James had been wonderful, great company over dinner with a fantastic sense of humour. He'd ended up with a three-week case of acne. Green and pink acne.

Liam had taken me to the skating rink, holding me in his wonderful strong arms as he'd guided me on my unsteady way around. The next morning he could have played Pinocchio without resorting to prosthetics.

Steve had spent three days squawking like a chicken.

Nathan had developed a froglike desire for flies, with the tongue to match.

Net result: No second dates and the word had spread like wildfire. I was, in a word, un-dateable, with the most important social event of the hospital calendar breathing down my neck. The event that my ex, Pete, would be at with his new girlfriend. His skinny, blonde new girlfriend. The one I couldn't even call a bimbo because she was a doctor as well. A damn surgeon, no less. Pete would be smug, I just knew it.

Bastard.

Blowing a breath out and disturbing my bangs, I studied myself in the full length mirror and grimaced. I'd pulled out all the stops for tonight. I had on The Dress. The strappy black number with the spilt halfway up the thigh and a neckline that ensured the girls had a damn good view of the world. It was the va-va-voom dress that I only wore on those important dates where I wanted to move things on with a guy...or to balls where I wanted to make someone as jealous as fuck. It was designed to be fitted, but with the pounds I'd piled on in self-pity as I watched my chances of a decent date high-tail it out of the door after another buzzing snack, it was now skin-tight. The girls didn't just have a good view; they were practically falling out to join the party.

Great. Just f**king great.

Wriggling again, I tried to pull the neckline up to something approaching respectable and wondered if I could get away with wearing something else. The wriggle became a dance as I sidled crab-wise to flick the closet door open, one hand still trying to readjust the girls in their satin confinement.

One glance confirmed what I'd suspected; I was shit out of luck. I had everything from girls night in sloppy PJ's right through to board meeting. Causal but fun date? Check. Long walks on the beach? Also check. 'Just friends' night out at the movies? Checkity, checkity, f**king check. Sexy but classy outfit that was sophisticated yet restrained, that held an unspoken aura of sex goddess? Not a f**king chance.

The doorbell rang, the shrill demand filtering through the space between me and the front door with the insistence of a door to door salesman or possibly my witch of an ex-mother in law.

Crap. Stone was here. Butterflies assaulted my stomach again as I bolted upright, slammed the door of the closet so hard it rattled in its frame and yanked the neckline of the dress up. In defiance it slid back down. Perhaps there was some duct tape in the 'man box' under the sink.

I braved one last look in the mirror. At least the gods of hair were being gracious. For once my hair had behaved perfectly, the long dark waves swept up into an elegant pleat at the back of my head. My make-up, done by the girl at the salon as an impromptu treat to myself, was a work of art. Smoky dark eyes, with nude lips, it was an understated look that made the best of my features.

I sighed as I turned for the door. At least I looked presentable from the neck up. Perhaps there would be a sack in the man-box that I could use to cover myself from neck down.

The walk to the front door was short but took forever. All too soon I was standing before it, looking at the shadow of my paid-for date through the opaque glass. Fuck, he was huge. His tall frame blotted out the glow from the lamp on the street as he turned, no doubt checking the number on the wall by the door. Yeah, yeah...it was a small house, no doubt not what he was expecting, but I didn't care. It was mine, bought and paid for.

Anger over-rode the nerves and I yanked the door open to fix him with a glare.

"You're early."

He didn't jump, or otherwise look startled by the abrupt greeting. Instead he turned, the blue eyes that had been stuck in my thoughts the colour of a warm tropical sea as he looked me over. Lingeringly.

My thought processes stalled, my ability to think blown out of the water totally. If I'd thought he looked good earlier in casual clothes, then seeing him in a suit was something else. The short dark hair that had been mussed up before was styled, just. The tousled spikes made me itch to run my fingers through it, and he hadn't shaved.

Normally that and the fact he'd forgone a tie, the top buttons of his shirt open, would have pissed me right off. Instead I was fascinated, struck-dumb as the desire...no, the need, to get closer and run my fingers across his jaw and see how it felt, surged hotly through my veins.

"Fuck. Me."

His voice was a reverent whisper that fed my feminine ego, but the words broke me from my day-dream of following the parted v of his shirt and popping the buttons one by one. He looked disreputable and gorgeous but I wasn't up for taking any crap tonight. Not after the dress disaster and with the distinct possibility of making a right twat of myself hanging over me.

"Yeah. That went well for you last time, remember?"

I grabbed the wayward neckline and yanked up again, stepping back and gesturing for him to come in as I did so.

"I'm not ready yet. Give me five minutes and we can leave. Did your boss fill you in on the requirements for the evening?"

He nodded as he followed me in, his gaze riveted on me. My skin tingled and I looked over my shoulder. Yeah, he was looking at my ass. Colour swept my cheeks, the attention making me squirm.

"What's the matter?" I couldn't help asking. Did I have something on my nose? Or, even worse, between my teeth? Fuck. Panic sent the butterflies into meltdown as I turned to check out my reflection in the hall mirror. I didn't complete the turn. Instead, a large hand clamped over my shoulder to spin me around like some sort of child's toy. Before I could utter a word of protest I found myself pinned between the wall and a hard male body.

The shiver hit me broadside, the feeling of solid male flipping a switch inside and triggering reactions that should have been illegal. His lips paused a hairsbreadth from mine, his blue eyes dark and full of heat. The amusement I remembered from earlier was gone, stripped away to reveal feral need. He held my gaze, not bothering to hide the lust in his eyes and I shivered again.

"The matter?" His voice was a rasping soft murmur, totally at odds with the expression on his face.

My body reacted instantly, the shiver turning to a rush of heat that rolled through my veins. The girls perked up, my n**ples hard and aching in an instant. Even the rub of the soft satin cups brought a flush to my cheeks as it swept through me, en-route to settle low in my belly, my p**sy clenching hard as it ached to be filled. It had been...fuck, I couldn't remember how long it had been. Which meant it had been too long.

The thought of him taking me, that lean, hard body moving over mine as he parted my legs and filled me with the thick, long c*ck I'd felt pressed against me earlier-Ohhellyesfuckmenow.

He cupped my face, fingers curled into my nape as his thumb caressed the skin of my cheek. Oh lord, he was good. Just the right amount of rough and charm to have even the most hardened ice-queen falling at his feet, and I was no exception.

The touch was gentle, but the tension in his body told a different story. As though he was having to hold himself back and, f**k yeah, I wanted some of that. Wanted a guy to want me so much he had to hold himself back. Pete hadn't been like that. He was more once a week with the lights out, missionary position all the way baby. I'd once suggested we spice things up with some toys. From his reaction you'd have thought I'd suggested we host a debauched orgy and invite all the neighbours. Scandalised wasn't the word. Fucking prude.

Another sweep of Jared's thumb as his gaze riveted on my mouth.

"Nothing's the matter. Unless you count the fact that I don't want to go to this fancy do. I'd much rather push you against this wall and suck your tits as I shove your dress up, then f**k you until you come screaming my name."

Fuck me. Yes. Now. Please...

Despite the fact that the heat in my stomach exploded outwards like a supernova, I somehow managed to swallow the moan of need that wanted to escape my lips and arch an eyebrow.

"Oh really?"

It was a world class bit of action, one that would have fooled any man into believing my cast-iron bitch routine. Any human man that was. His nose twitched a half second before his lips twisted into a slow grin.

"Yeah, really."

He leaned in, lips brushing my ear as his aftershave wrapped me in a seductive spell. I couldn't help it; I sucked a deep breath in on automatic. Oh lord, he smelled divine. Warm man, citrus and sandalwood; my favourite combination.

"I'll let you off for now. But, for the record, wolves always get what we want. Eventually. We're stubborn like that. And I want you. Just sayin'."

Oh, he was a cocky bastard, that was for sure. He stepped back, an easy grin in place as he re-adjusted his cuffs. When he looked up, the fire was still there but banked.

"You've got five minutes. Iliona gave me the file earlier but mentioned something about a problem with your ex? You can fill me in on the situation in the car."

Chapter Two

"I still can't believe that your ex cursed you. What a bastard." Jared's voice was rougher than human, as if his wolf agreed with his opinion of my ex as we pulled into the parking lot outside the Fremont Hotel. The vehicle-some low slung, expensive sports car-hadn't been what I was expecting, but it suited him. And hell did he handle it well, his hands easy on the wheel and gearstick while he controlled the beast of a car as though he'd been born to it.

Another shiver hit me. What would those big hands feel like smoothing over my skin instead of the steering wheel? Biting my lip, I pressed my thighs together in a prim movement that belied the fires raging through my body as liquid heat seeped from my channel to dampen my panties.

"Yeah, that's one name for him. I've used a few others as well," I blurted out, trying to cover up. I needn't have bothered. The sharp intake of breath next to me and his sidelong look told me that he knew. Damn werewolves and their sense of smell.

He smiled, graciously letting me off as he pulled up to the valet stand. My initial decision to give the agency minimal information had lasted a hot minute once he'd gotten me into his car. Before I knew it, I'd told him everything about the situation with Pete and his pathetic curse deal, admitting that the real reason I'd used the PPA wasn't for protection but because I couldn't take a human date to the ball. And the directors were sticklers for convention. If I'd gone alone, the stuffed shirts would have commented, frowned and before long my tenure as Executive Administration Manager would have been over.

So in a way I did need the PPA for protection-just for my job, not my person.

Once he'd dropped the charm offensive, Jared had turned out to be a good listener. Calm, attentive and he'd asked intelligent questions. Ones that drew more information out of me than I'd intended to give. It didn't surprise me that he'd been a cop before. I could just see him with a pair of handcuffs...did he still have them?

I cut that thought off and watched him as he walked around the car to open my door. He moved easily, with a fluid grace that turned the simple act of putting one foot in front of the other into a sensual and highly masculine dance. Another flood of heat wet my panties and I blushed as he held his hand out for mine. Fuck. I was creaming my pants over watching him bloody walk... What would I be like if he actually got nak*d in front of me?

He closed strong fingers around mine and pulled me up as I unfolded myself from the car seat, which was the nearest I'd come to being horizontal in a car. Ever. But he didn't let go. Instead he stepped me backwards, crowding me until my ass hit the side of the car. Another car pulled up and loud chatter filled the air as another group alighted. The sound of voices pulled at the back of my mind, a sense of familiarity filling me, but I couldn't pay it any attention, my world consumed by the tall, very sexy werewolf who had me all but pinned between him and the car.

"What th-" While I was more than happy about being pinned to hard surfaces by hunky younger werewolves, there was a time and place for everything. In the carpark outside the annual fundraiser was so not it.

"Jared, hold it a moment." Pushing at his chest, I tried to get some space between us so I could clear my head but it was like trying to push a granite counter.

"Eloise? Shut up."

The order was soft and the only warning I got as he bent his head. Stubble prickled against my cheeks, the scent of his aftershave wrapping around me as he claimed my lips in the kiss I'd been fantasising about since that encounter in the office hours ago.

Omigod, yes! His lips were warm and firm as they slanted over mine. Back and forth, in a domineering kiss that fell just this side of brutal. But I loved it, my short gasp totally involuntary as I curled my fingers into the lapels of his jacket, needing something-anything-to anchor myself.

He growled, the low sound calling out to everything feminine within me as he took advantage of my surprise. With a hard sweep he parted my lips further, dipping past them to slide his tongue along mine. A slow, erotic dance that heated my blood as I kissed him back. I didn't care where we were, or who was watching. Even that I'd paid for him to accompany me this evening. He'd made it fairly clear before we'd gotten into the car that the job tonight was totally separate...to anything else that might happen.

He nibbled and kissed, sipping from my lips in an erotic banquet that had me thirsting for more. More of his kisses, more of his hard body pressed against mine, more of the stiff cock, preferably not pressed where it currently was, but sliding into me inch by delicious slow in-

"Oh my god-Eloise? What the hell do you think you're doing?"

Pete's voice broke through the sensual haze, the mixture of fascination and horror managing to reach through the spell Jared had woven around me. Belatedly, I froze as Jared lifted his head. The hint of a smile curved his lips as he brushed a thumb tenderly over my cheek. I couldn't work out if he'd know Pete was there, or whether he was just pleased with his performance.

Either way, I didn't care. Didn't care that he'd kissed me so thoroughly that I'd forgotten totally where we were, or that most of the night's guest list had seen us. Didn't care that it wouldn't have taken much for me to throw caution to the wind and gone for it there and then on the hood of the car.

Instead, all I cared about was the man who held me tightly, his embrace a combination of protective and possessive as he smiled down at me. Amusement flitted across his face as he cocked an eyebrow, his expression easy to read. How far did I want to take this?

Look before you leap. My Nanna's favourite saying came instantly to mind. Almost immediately the thought was mugged and dragged off into a darkened corner of my mind by temptation. How far did I want to take this, in front of smug-bastard Pete? All the f**king way, baby.

I blinked as though just coming to and smiled as I stroked a finger down the open V of Jared's shirt. The slight hair on his chest tickled my fingers as I played with the button, threatening to pop it. His expression tightened at my coy look up through my lashes, feral heat flaring in his eyes.

"Down boy, we can play again later. Be nice now," I murmured, wondering where the hell the smoky-husky voice had come from. I sounded like a cross between Jessica Rabbit and a phone sex-worker.

Jared played along, dropping his head back and closing his eyes for a moment as a shiver wound through his large body. When he looked back at me an amber ring outlined his eyes, the first evidence I'd seen of the other side of his nature. I wanted more. Way more.

"Eloise! Explain yourself!"

The sharp demand brought my head around with a snap. Pete stood just shy of the rear bumper of Jared's car, his hands on his hips. Pushing forty, he prided himself on keeping in shape. The usual middle-aged spread caused by erratic hours and an on-the-go diet was blunted by his endless workouts. Old taunts about my weight flitted through my mind, all sneered in his somewhat nasal whine. I ignored them. Compared to the lean, mean hunk of man who effortlessly wrapped an arm around my waist as I moved, Pete was nothing more than a vain bully who projected his own failings onto others.

"Explain myself?" My voice dripped ice. Jared chose that moment to lean in and nuzzle along the soft skin of my throat but apart from tilting my head to allow him greater access, I ignored him in favour of glaring at Pete. "Whatever for? It may have escaped your notice, but we're divorced. I don't have to explain myself to anyone, much less you."

"B-b-b... This is an outrage!" he spluttered, his colour rising in ugly red splotches across his neck and cheeks, reaching up under the thinning hair across the top of his head. Red under bleached blond? Not a good combo.

"Oh, I quite agree." I hid my smile as I made Jared put me down and slid my hand onto his arm again. "You'd have thought they'd have started this thing a little later to give us all time to...ahh, get ready."

One thing could be said about Pete: he wasn't unintelligent, or slow on the uptake. His gaze flitted between me and Jared as he drew the conclusion that I wanted him to make; that I'd dragged Jared away from bed to attend.

"Hey babe, can we go inside?" As though he'd read my mind, the werewolf at my side moved closer and slid his arm around my waist, effectively cutting off my view of my spluttering ex. "The quicker we show our faces...the quicker we can leave and I can get you out of those clothes."

* * *

My smile lasted clean through the usual introductions and banal conversations that were normally associated with functions such as these. Like all the other spouses and 'plus ones', Jared was duly attentive at my side, polite when spoken to but without dominating the conversation. To my relief, he was also somewhat reluctant to discuss his profession, turning all queries aside with a vague comment about working as a consultant with law enforcement. A claim that had the two clerical staff who had joined our group cooing in appreciation.

Mandy and...

I scanned my memory for the other woman's name but came up blank. Both were blonde, but if the carpet matched the drapes in either case I'd be very much surprised. With the pseudo skeletal look of the permanent dieter, both looked hungry, but since they were casting eyes toward my date for the evening, I doubted it was for food. Bitches.

"Law enforcement? How exciting," Mandy giggled, sliding her arm onto Jared's and pressing what little she had in the way of tit against his triceps. I had to bite back the snort. From our little encounters earlier, I knew he was a breast man. No way was her little offering going to cut the mustard.

Her voice dropped suggestively. "And I'll just bet you have a gun?"

Fuck me. If she was going to pull the whole 'is that a gun in your pocket?' routine, I'd piddle myself here and now. She shot me a bitchy look as I tried to cover the noise with a sip from my glass.

Brazen bitch. Annoyance surged through my veins as she turned back to Jared and gave him a hot look, as though the fact his date was less than two feet away was neither here nor there. I knew all about women like Mandy. The ones who took what they wanted and screw anyone else. "So...do you have handcuffs too?"

"I might have."

Jared didn't look that bothered, smiling down at the blonde leech with a warmth I recognised. How stupid was I? Realisation froze my heart in my chest as I watched my stupid fantasies about Jared and I crash and burn in front of my eyes.

Of course he'd find a blonde bimbo like Mandy more attractive. Didn't all men? His pretty words earlier...yeah, that must have been boredom. I was something to play with until a better option came along.

Desperate to get away for a while, to compose myself, I threw back the rest of my drink, hissing as the alcohol burned all the way down, then mumbled something about the ladies room. Dropping my glass on a nearby table with a clunk, I ignored Jared's call and high-tailed it out of Dodge.

The ladies room was of course packed, but most seemed to be re-applying makeup rather than waiting for a stall so I ducked past the chattering group at the mirrors without making eye contact and achieved the sanctuary of a cubicle.

Fucking wank shit f**k balls bollocks and just for variety, crap.

Seated on the folded down toilet seat, I leaned my forehead against the flimsy wall and told myself I wasn't going to cry. And I wasn't. I'd been done with men since Pete had been a tosser, so why I was getting upset now I had no clue. Certainly not because I'd gone all gooey-eyed over some cute guy who spent half his time bloody furry.

"And have you seen that dress? Practically skin tight, I don't know what she was thinking." Five minutes later Mandy's harpy-like voice filtered through the chatter as I rearranged my clothing, trying to get more of the girls covered up again. How odd, when I'd thought Jared was genuine, I hadn't been bothered. But now that I knew better, my inner prude was trying to resurface with a vengeance. I stopped mid-struggle with the girls. Was this neckline getting lower?

"Yeah, I know," the other girl answered. I could imagine them both at the mirror, reapplying lashings of mascara and lip gloss. Like Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dum, they were practically clones of each other. "I'd kill for a bust like that though, wouldn't you? Do you think it's natural?"

I stopped dead in surprise, my hand on the door latch. Had I just heard that right?

"Oh god, yeah. Bitch has it all, doesn't she? Those tits, that hair and ohmygod that guy? Did you know he turned me down flat? Me? She must be bloody amazing in the sack. Fucking lucky cow. You ready?"

I felt my eyes grow as wide as saucers as the voices of the twin blondes faded, cut off by the sound of the closing door.

It's said an eaves-dropper never hears well of herself, but that had been one snippet of information no way would I have wanted to miss. Mandy and her twin were jealous of me. And Jared had turned her down...when had I slipped into a parallel dimension? He'd turned her down. A warm feeling spread out through my body as I unlatched the door and, feeling ten feet tall, swept past the mirrors to sashay my extra-padded booty out the door.

Chapter Three

He was waiting for me.

I knew as soon as I re-entered the main hall. I could feel his eyes on me as I stood just shy of the doorway scanning the crowds but I just couldn't see him.

The ball was in full swing now. Some guests were still seated at their tables while others circulated. Although the music had started there were only two women on the dance-floor. I tilted my head slightly as I watched them. What was that...the Funky Chicken?

As one fell against the other in a fit of giggles, I spotted Pete and his girlfriend doing the whole networking thing. His arm was around her waist and-surprise, surprise-he wasn't talking. Instead she was talking ten to the dozen to a group of other surgeons, and patted his arm when he tried to say something. The 'be quiet darling and let the grown-ups talk' pat that he'd treated me to so often. I couldn't help the small burst of smugness; served him right to be on the receiving end of crap like that.

A shadowy figure pushed off from the wall and claimed my attention. Claimed? He kidnapped it like a barbarian invader and carried it off back to his lair like some sort of slave girl.

Jared.

He had changed. The suit was the same, the same slightly mussed hair and dark stubble, but the laughing, joking charmer I'd arrived with had gone. He stalked toward me, violence and danger in every line of his body and a feral cast to his features as he emerged from the darkness of the shadows.

My breathing hitched, arousal swimming through my veins thickly as I read the lust in his eyes. Read the hard control written into every line of his body as his hand shot out to capture my wrist, fingers like iron manacles around my tender flesh. He yanked and I stumbled, free hand spread over his solid chest as I caught my balance.

Amber ringed his eyes and a soft growl worked loose from his throat. His free arm wrapped around my waist, holding me tight against him. A little too snug for comfort but I didn't care. It was the 'I've got you and I'm not letting you go' kind of hold. His body heat beat at my skin. Wolves obviously ran hotter than humans. I filed the nugget of information away as I met him look for look.

It didn't occur to me to run, despite the fact that he was a werewolf. A lethal, paranormal killing machine. My mom would have freaked, screaming that I was a couple of seconds from a horrific death at the teeth of a maniacal furball, but I felt...safe.

Desirable. Wanted.

"Dance with me."

It wasn't a request, nor did he wait for an answer. Almost before the words had processed in my addled brain he let me go, towing me toward the dance floor with the single-minded force of a tsunami. As we reached it, the music changed, the rhythm that of the tango. He spun me around into his arms where I expected the close hold shuffle to the music I was used to from my previous boyfriends.

Instead he pulled me closer and started to dance. Like seriously dance. Holding me tight in a ballroom hold, he led me into the opening steps of a very saucy tango, smiling a little at my gasp as I stumbled to recall the steps from last year's dance lessons. With a good partner though, my body remembered faster than my mind and moved of its own accord as he dipped and twirled me about the floor.

He could dance.

He moved easily, with a grace I hadn't expected, our bodies less than an inch apart as the music surrounded us. He picked a diagonal across the floor, empty save for us. His thigh shoved between mine, a strong column of strength as he turned us lightly and easily. Totally in control of me and my body, he shifted his hold and dipped me back over his arm. His heart beat against mine as he pulled me upright. Our gazes locked for a second until he moved again and we were off.

I loved to dance, loved the feeling of connection with the music and with my partner. But this...this wasn't dancing. This was seduction to music. Pure, carnal eroticism wrapped in a veneer of civility and sophistication.

Fuck. Me.

I was done for.

He nudged the speed up, the steps faster and the spins tighter as the music built into a dramatic crescendo. At the last minute, he twisted and pulled me into arms. We were nose to nose with our arms around each other. My breathing rasped with exertion as I held his gaze. No embarrassment, just honesty. My br**sts mashed against his chest. The feeling of the crisp cotton shirt, rubbing against my skin above the dress as I breathed, was an unexpected turn on. The music crashed to a close. Applause exploded around us and I blinked, realising that the whole room had been watching.

"No, don't," he ordered. I tried to pull free, anything to get off the dance floor and away from being the centre of attention. "You were amazing. Don't hide."

I looked up, met his gaze fully. The wolf was still there but I didn't care. Not even when a predatory smile flitted over his lips.

"Don't look at me that way, sweetheart."

"What way?" I couldn't help it; I pouted a little and widened my eyes for effect. Now I knew that he'd turned Mandy down, and with that dance, I felt more comfortable. Liberated. Sexy.

He grinned, a white flash of teeth that had nothing to do with humour.

"You know. I'm a wolf, remember? Carry on and I'll be forced to eat you all up."

"Oh god, I do hope so."

The comment slipped out before my brain could get in on the act and decide it was a bad idea. The effect was instantaneous. His breathing caught, big chest hitching as darkness flared in his eyes. He'd been hard already, but his c*ck jerked at my words. Pressed together chest to thigh, I could feel every long, hard inch of him.

I wanted some of that.

"Home. Now?" I suggested.

"Hell yes."

* * *

The ride back to my place was warp speed compared to the ride to the ball. Jared didn't speak. His tall, muscled body was tight as a wire as he guided the powerful sports car through the streets at break-neck speed. I didn't argue. I just clung to the seat and watched the streets zoom by. Awareness throbbed between us, making the air in the car thick and alive with tension. Sliding my gaze sideways, I studied him. He was gorgeous, especially with the steely light of determination in his eyes and his jaw set as he put his foot down to eek through ahead of a red light.

"Don't. Don't look at me like that." His voice had deepened, the growl of the wolf coming through. Need? Or anger? I wasn't sure, but when he turned his head to spear me with a glance, I knew. Heat and hunger swirled in his almost totally amber gaze. Only a thin sliver of blue remained around his pupil, the human colour almost swallowed up by the wolf.

Fear spiked, running down my spine like a pianist caressing the keys, and I found my hand in front of my mouth like some sort of gothic horror her**ne. Shit. Had I made a mistake? Did he see me as less a hot lover and more an all you can eat buffet...but not in the fun way? Perhaps...

Cue mouth, brain on lockdown, legs clamped together to stop me peeing myself in fear.

"Shit, you are more into dogs... My mom was right, I'm so going to end up a snack," I whimpered as we pulled into my road. The big, powerful car slid to a stop outside my little house.

"What?" His brows snapped together, then his expression cleared. "Nononono."

He pulled on the handbrake and reached for my hand. I watched blue leech back into his eyes, until the amber was a mere ring around the edge. It was fascinating. I couldn't help reaching out, wonder making me forget my fear.

"I'm not into dogs, German Shepherds or otherwise. I just said that to get a rise out of my boss. And you are going to end up as a snack, make no mistake about that." His voice was low and intimate as he cradled my hand, the stroke of his thumb over my skin mesmerising.

"I am?"

"Ohh yeah. I might be a wolf, but I've got a cat's taste for cream."

He moved like lightening, his free hand cupping my nape to pull me toward him until our lips were mere millimetres apart. A thrill shimmered through me, chasing away the remnants of fear as my heart-rate picked up again. I wanted him, pure and simple. My p**sy clenched hard, my body signalling it was totally onboard with that plan. I was hot and wet. Ready for that wild ride against the wall he'd promised me.

He took a breath, as though tasting the air, and groaned against my lips; a deep, masculine sound of pained need.

"Get your keys out," he ordered, letting me go and throwing his door open. I climbed out of the car on shaky legs. As I delved into the depths of my purse, he looped an arm around my waist and hurried me up the short path to the front door.

The porch light was out and as soon as we hit the darkness, he turned me. Plucking the keys from my hand, he claimed my lips in a torrid kiss. I moaned, the sound lost under the sensual assault, and crowded closer as our mouths mated. Eager for more. Everything...anything he wanted, just so long as he kept kissing me in that Iwannafuckyousobad sort of way.

His hand drove into my hair, scattering the pins that held it in place. He groaned in satisfaction as he wrapped the long strands around his fist. Held in place I could do nothing to stop the assault on my lips. Not that I wanted to, parting them when he crowded closer and nipped my lower lip in demand. I gasped, the start of the soft sound audible in the darkness before it was muffled by his mouth.

Tilting his head, he thrust his tongue past my lips, stroking and sliding along mine in a sensual interplay that sent the blood zinging around my veins. Heat spiralled, firming my br**sts and peaking my n**ples where they pressed against his broad chest. The twin mounds ached as the need to be nak*d, to have nothing between us as he moved over me, filled every cell of my body. Arousal drew an arrow down through my core, the rubbing of my stiff peaks inside the satin bra cascading into a fierce ache in my p**sy. I kissed back, mating my lips to his as I drove my fingers through the short spikes of his hair. Hair I'd been dying to muss up since meeting him.

"God, Eloise, you're killing me."

He broke away, his words a pant against my mouth. Pulling on my hair, he ran his lips down the tender column of my throat and urged me backward. A metallic click sounded behind me and a second later we stumbled through the door into my hallway.

Chapter Four

The soft light of the kitchen further down the hall illuminated his face, a near-feral mask of hunger and male need as he shoved the door shut behind us. Then it was game on. He growled and dragged me closer, his kiss harder, more dominant as we turned, falling against the wall. Hands, his or mine, I couldn't tell which...didn't care...tore at clothes.

His jacket hit the floor as I pulled his shirt free of his pants, trying to undo the fiddly little buttons between hot, open-mouthed kisses. Another nip of my lower lip stilled me, the inferno in my veins all but overwhelming as he shoved my hands aside and ripped the front of the shirt open. Buttons pinged against the wall, a sharp counterpoint to the soft sound of delight in the back of my throat.

"Amused?" The growl was back as I ran my hands over his exposed chest, waiting for him to rid himself of the remnants of the cotton. He didn't. Instead he loomed over me, a dark and dangerous shadow with blue-amber eyes as he looped a hard finger into my cl**vage between the girls. "Do you like this dress?"

I froze, caught like a rabbit in the headlights, easily reading his intention. It was the dress; expensive, classy, and...and... I'd never had a guy so desperate to get nak*d with me that he ripped the clothes off my body. Fuck it. I lifted my chin, daring him with my expression.

"Do it."

He grinned, a white flash of teeth in the darkness. The canines were a little more elongated than they had been earlier but I didn't care. He wouldn't hurt me... I knew that as surely as I knew that tomorrow I'd be walking a little funny.

The sound of fabric tearing filled the hall, the dress gone in seconds, and I gasped as cooler air hit my sensitive skin. Heat drew bright banners over my cheeks as I stood there, feeling exposed in just my underwear. I was old school. Didn't wear pantyhose even though all my girlfriends said it was more comfortable. Instead I wore stockings, the suspender belt matching my black satin bra and panties.

I didn't smoke, or drink a lot, so nice lingerie, expensive lingerie, was my weakness. It made me feel good, even though it was usually hidden beneath my clothing. I knew it was there, and that was all that mattered.

Jared took a step back, his gaze racking over me as he dumped the rest of his shirt. I bit my lip as I watched the interplay of sleek muscles under satin skin. He had a hairy chest, more than I was used to, but I didn't care. Seemed hairy men, wolf men...or one particular werewolf at least, had become my new definition of hotness.

"Fuck. Me."

"Oh, I intend to." My lips quirked as I pushed off from the wall, advancing on him, backing him up until his heels hit the first step. A hand in the centre of his chest, I pushed backward, forcing him to sit down, then crawled into his lap. The stairs weren't the most comfortable of places but I was past caring.

I just wanted him.

Now.

"Perfect. You're just f**king perfect." His words were a moan as his hands smoothed over my hips, lifting me easily to settle me squarely over the erection tenting his pants.

I bit my lip again, the abused flesh smarting a little, and wriggled. His eyes rolled into the back of his head, pleasure drawing his features tight.

"I can smell your heat, your need. It's driving me crazy," he admitted as his eyes snapped open to watch me.

What could I say to that? Nothing.

Not trusting my voice I just nodded and wriggled again. A sinuous movement as I reached behind me and unsnapped my bra, holding it across my br**sts with one arm. I kept up the movement, rubbing my panty-clad p**sy over his hard length, teasing us both with the pressure and the thought that just a couple of layers of clothing were all that separated us from what we both wanted. What we both needed.

"You drive me crazy," he groaned as he lay back and rolled his hips, holding mine so I ground down over him.

Fireworks joined the party in my veins, heating every cell until I was nothing more than a writhing mass of heat and need. One spark was all it would take, and I'd go up like a damn parade.

"I want...let me see?"

I opened my eyes to find him watching me with open lust on his face, his attention riveted to the arm across my br**sts. A smile curved my lips as I teased, arching an eyebrow and sliding the trapped satin a little lower. Low enough that the darkened ring of one areola showed above the black fabric. He growled when I stopped, fingers biting into my hips. I'd have bruises tomorrow but I didn't care. I wanted the marks, wanted visual proof that he'd claimed me in the most basic way possible.

"More?"

The question didn't need answering, even though he nodded. I was already moving, pulling the garment away to let the girls spring free.

He cursed, hands sliding up my ribcage as he looked his fill. A shiver washed over my skin as his gaze lingered, as though he'd physically touched me.

An invitation he wasn't slow to take up. His rock-hard abs bunched, giving me a great show as he sat upright. Strong arms wrapped around me, the fingers of one big hand around and supporting my ribcage as he buried his face between my br**sts. The rasp of his stubble brushed against the delicate skin, tearing a gasp from me as he nuzzled and breathed in deeply.

One hand slid up again, tangling in my hair as he brushed his cheek across my breast. I groaned as he found my nipple, engulfing it in the wet heat of his mouth. Starbursts exploded behind my eyes as he sucked. Flicked the tight bud with his tongue. Nipped and licked until I was squirming on his lap in desperation.

"Jared, more. Now."

I dug my fingers into his broad shoulders to try and drag him up. I couldn't take anymore, the coiled tension in my body so tight I knew I was about to snap.

"You want more?" He lifted his head, a devilish glint in his eyes. "Then more you'll get."

In a heartbeat I was airborne. I squealed, clutching at his shoulders as he stood and turned, easily lifting me to plant my ass on the step he'd been sitting on. A hard knee parted my thighs and then he was there, easing himself over me, hot, hard body mere inches from mine. The stairs had never struck me as the ideal place for seduction, but none of that mattered as he braced himself, hands on the step either side of my head. The muscles in his arms tensed as he leaned down, lips whispering over mine in a barely-there kiss.

"The underwear... I'll get you more," he promised as he moved, lowering himself down my body. I frowned, belatedly making sense of the words but it was too late. The sound of fabric tearing filled the air. I gasped as my panties were whisked away, leaving me clad just in my stockings, suspenders and heels.

Jared sat back, satisfaction on his face as he looked me over. Self-consciousness was a late comer to the scene, heating my cheeks as I tried to shut my legs, aware that I was spread out for his perusal. He stopped me, hard hands on my knees and a harder look in his eyes.

"No. Stay where you are."

I swallowed. Just the words, the rough order, sent a shiver down my spine again. I always did like a man to take charge in the bedroom, even if it was the only place he did have control. Pete had always gotten that the wrong way around, more fool him.

Holding eye contact, Jared leaned forward. His breath whispered over the skin of my inner thighs as he settled himself between them. He didn't waste time kissing along my leg. Instead he went right in for the kill, blowing a cool breath over my exposed p**sy lips. My body clenched, releasing a fresh wave of liquid heat to coat my inner channel as he rumbled in satisfaction.

"You're hot. Wet."

Too f**king right I was wet. What did he expect after all this damn teasing? But the words remained still on my tongue, stolen away by a whimper as he leaned in further and swept his tongue along my p**sy.

I groaned as he went to town. Long licks to part the lips and clever little flicks over my clit. Teasing and tempting, he drove the tension in my body ever higher. The growls in the back of his throat grew louder, but I didn't care. Not when he latched onto my cl*t and sucked at the same time, the vibrations sending waves of pleasure through me so intense that my eyes rolled back in my head.

Oh god, the man could eat p**sy better than he could dance.

My head dropped back with a thump onto a carpeted step. The hard edges dug into my back, but I didn't care. Not when he swirled his tongue over my cl*t again then dragged it down. My breathing caught as he traced around my slit with his tongue. A warm, wet pressure that held my attention. With another rumble he palmed my ass, big hands spread over the globes to lift my hips. Without warning, his tongue stabbed deep, thrusting into my p**sy as though he were determined to taste every last drop of my arousal.

I writhed on the stairs, back arched sharply as he tongue f**ked me with a determination that was mind-blowing. Long, hot thrusts of his tongue into my needy p**sy before he pulled back to nibble on my cl*t and then start the cycle again. Hot and fast, slow and penetrating. I whimpered, reaching out to grab the rails. Needing something, anything, to anchor me.

His hands moved, smoothing over my rounded ass, and long fingers dipped between the cheeks. I jumped, a startled exclamation on my lips as the blunt, broad tip of a finger brushed against my back entrance. A sound of surprise quickly swallowed up by another soul-deep moan as he chuckled and traced circles around my rosette.

He worked my body like a master musician, drawing pleasure from it like a complicated melody. I gasped and shuddered, the feeling too much and not enough all at the same time. The coiled knot of heat within me wound tighter, creaking under the pressure as the heat of his mouth on me, his hands, the soft touches there...all conspired against me.

"That's it baby, just let go. I want to feel you come for me. Want to taste it," he whispered, the words a rumble against my heated flesh before he took the hard nub of my cl*t between his lips and sucked. Hard.

There was a perfect moment of suspension before I came apart. Then lancing need transferred to earth-shattering pleasure in the space between one heartbeat and the next. I broke into a million pieces, each bouncing and tumbling, reflecting pleasure like beams of light from a shattered window pane. I gasped, shuddering as he grabbed my hips, burying his face between my thighs, mouth hot and urgent against my p**sy. The gasp became a groan as the feeling of his hot tongue pushing inside me drew the waves of ecstasy out.

He pulled away with a moan. "Damn, you taste so freaking good."

I arched my back, arms above my head in a languorous stretch. Little waves of sensation still lapped through me, washing over my skin in a delicate dance. Fuck me. He was good. Better than good. If I'd known wolves were this good in the sack, I'd have seduced one when they'd come out of the closet years ago.

A belt snapped, followed by a zipper and the rustle of fabric as Jared shed his clothes faster than a teenage boy on his first date. I lifted up on my elbows and watched the show as his body was revealed for the first time. I'd known he was fit and muscular but there was a whole world of difference between knowing that from the way his clothes fit and actually seeing it.

He was...hell yeah.

I bit my lip as need washed through me again. A new, harder sensation that paid no never mind to the fact I'd just come harder than I had in years. Perhaps ever. Clothed he looked damn fine. Naked... I didn't have the words.

He stood in my hall totally nude, not at all embarrassed as my gaze wandered over every muscled inch of him. Toned, totally lickable muscles under satin skin peppered with dark hair. My gaze wandered down toned abs, following the narrow line of hair...then stopped abruptly.

"Fuck. Me." I blinked, then turned my head sideways. "Are you sure you're not a were-donkey?"

"Babe, you so get extra points for that one."

He grinned, flipped open the wallet in his hand and extracted a small foil packet. The wallet hit the floor as he ripped the package open, smoothing the condom over his rigid length with a practised gesture. Heat and jealousy wrapped around each other. Heat that he was hot, hard and oooh so ready for action...and jealousy that he'd done this enough to get the rubber on in a hot second.

He looked up, caught me looking at him and smiled his crooked, sexy little smile. Just like that, I was done for.

A large hand hit the step by my head, the corded muscles in his forearm just teasing me to lick and trace them with my tongue. Before I got the chance, he was there, nudging my thighs wider apart to settle between them. Dipping his knee, he reached between us, big hand wrapping around his c*ck as he positioned himself.

I bit my lip, holding my breath in anticipation. Waiting for it. Desperate for it. A moan whispered from my lips as he slid the thick head against me, sliding it along my lower lips and wetting the tip. Then he stopped, the crown settling against my hole. I wiggled, hooking my legs around him to get him to hurry the hell up. I needed c*ck and I needed it now. Right now. My thoughts were dominated by how good it would feel to have that thick length penetrating me, sliding deep inside to stroke all the lovely little nerve endings that had been neglected for far too long.

"Breathe, sweets. I'll be gentle, I promise," he whispered, his lips nuzzling under my ear as he started to press forward.

"Screw gentle." This time the growl was mine, punctuated by another gasp as he slipped a half inch inside me. "Just get on with it and f**k me."

He chuckled, the low sound masculine and dirty. "Hell yes, ma'am."

His free hand wrapped around my thigh, thumb hooking behind my knee as he urged the leg up. With a roll of his h*ps he surged forward, upward, inward, penetrating me with one long hard shove. I keened, throwing my head back. I felt every thick inch. He pressed against my inner walls, his deeply veined shaft forcing me to accept him, to take him, until he bottomed out, balls against my ass cheeks.

My p**sy throbbed, stretched wider than...yeah, were-donkey for sure. But I didn't care. I rode the delicious edge between pleasure and pain as I waited for my body to get used to him. Impatient for the pushy-shoving fuckmehard portion of the evening.

He didn't ask if I was okay. Didn't need to, his focus so totally on me, on the reactions of my body that he felt the minute relaxation that signalled I'd started to ease off. Then he moved and blew my mind.

His next thrust was hard and fast. Totally delicious. Pleasure rolled through my veins like the bubbles in soda, a madcap race of pure mayhem. Growling against my skin, he didn't just f**k me. He took me. Claimed me. Branded me with every hard shove, every rasp of his lips against the side of my neck.

I whimpered and moaned, pinned under him as he screwed me with feral intensity. His dick filled me again and again, as though he were trying to make us one with the sheer act. I ran my hands down his back, nails digging in as I clung. He groaned, lifting his head far enough that I could see the amber in his eyes.

Heat flooded my cunt again at the expression there. Hot and possessive, a little desperate; it stroked my feminine ego and sent my arousal through the roof. I'd been waiting all my life for a man to look at me that way.

"Mine," he panted, the sound somewhere between a grunt and a growl as he rolled his hips, impaling me with a savage gesture. "All mine."

The heat built in my veins. A thing of hard and cruel beauty, it took no prisoners as everything in my body tightened. Shivers roamed my skin, an inferno low in my belly as he slid his arm around my waist and yanked me up as he stood until my ass barely grazed the step. Until I was held completely in his strong arms. He supported me, surrounded me, everything I needed as he f**ked me insensible.

His other hand fisted in my hair, yanking my head back so his lips could claim my throat. I whimpered as his teeth scraped the tender flesh. My cunt throbbed, cl*t heavy and aching as I felt the sharp edge of an elongated canine against my neck. What would it be like to be bitten? I'd heard it was agony and ecstasy combined. Pure pleasure to pay for the loss of humanity.

Deep longing filled me. For him to bite down. To be everything he needed. To be the one he wanted enough to change.

He felt my stillness and withdrew his teeth.

"No, please." I was past caring about begging. Past anything but the need to please him. "Do it, I want you to."

"We'll talk about it in the morning," he promised, kissing my neck and rolling his h*ps to mash his pelvis against mine. The scream burst from my throat before I could stop it, pleasure bursting outwards as the movement trapped my cl*t between us, massaging the small bundle of nerves. He swore, my name on his lips as I clamped down around his cock, strong vag**al muscles holding him tight where he was buried inside me.

He growled, snarling against my throat as he redoubled his efforts. His hard, large body wrapped around mine, holding me still and somehow managing to power into me at the same time. I loved it, wanted more...needed more. Needed everything.

Then everything became too much. Too much pressure, too much sensation. I froze, feeling the abyss open beneath me. That spilt second before coming where I danced on the very edge of utter pleasure.

He felt it, paused with just the head of his c*ck inside me and pulled back to look deep into my eyes. Honesty warred with carnal need. "Marry me."

Heat and something else slammed into me as I bit my lip. Not waiting for an answer he thrust home.

"Yes...god, yes."

I screamed, his name rebounding off the walls, and he snarled in answer. All pretence of civility disappeared as I came hard around him. My p**sy clamped around the thick c*ck buried deep inside me, milking him in rhythmic waves. His thrusts became harder, stronger, more feral. Solid thrusts that I welcomed as heat and sheer ecstasy made a playground of my body.

He stumbled forward, shielding me with the cradle of his arms as we dropped back onto the steps. Two heavy thrusts followed, ones I felt from the top of my head right the way down to where my toes curled. His c*ck jerked within me as his movements faltered.

He pulled back, caught my gaze and I watched as he came apart. His nostrils flared, heat and darkness chasing the amber from his eyes as they unfocused. He threw his head back. Roared. The cords stood out in his neck, every muscle and tendon taut as he rammed himself deep, his c*ck pulsing as he came hard and fast.

We stayed locked, each tiny movement enough to set off a cascade of pleasure until the waves became small ebbs and flows. Slowly he adjusted his hold, his arm hard around the back of my h*ps to hold me in place as he turned over, planted his ass on the step and settled me carefully into his lap. I went easily, still boneless with bliss. His fingers slid gently through my loose hair. I murmured in contentment as I rested against his shoulder, my eyes closed. If there was a heaven on earth, I'd found it.

"No sleeping on me yet, sexy." His voice was low, but full of passion and promise. "I've got a bucket list of dirty things I want to do to you, with you...have you do to me. Then when you're totally worn out, I'll ask that question again."

I didn't need to know what question he meant. The proposal hung between us as I tried to figure out if he meant it, or whether it had been a heat of the moment thing. His lips nuzzled my temple.

"But be warned, I'll keep asking it until you say yes. I told you before, I'm a wolf. And we always get what we want in the end."

I smiled, not bothering to answer. He was a wolf, stubborn and tenacious...there was no question of what my answer would be. That didn't mean I couldn't enjoy his 'persuasion'.

And I planned to. A lot.

The End

