THE GIFT

Chapter One

Teddy woke up to find himself burrowed under the covers like a mole dug into the ground ... and cold, which was unusual. He normally kicked off his blankets rather than burrowed, and he never woke up cold.

The heat must have gone off in the night, he realized. Tossing the blankets aside, he sat up and peered around the room. Stark sunlight was pouring through the window. It made it easy to see the cloud of mist that formed in front of his mouth with each exhalation.

Oh yeah, the heat was definitely off, he thought with a grimace and quickly slid out of bed. The carpet was cold underfoot as Teddy hurried up the hall. It opened into the main room at the end, a combination living room and kitchen/dining room. The left side was the carpeted living room area with a sofa, two chairs, a fireplace, and entertainment unit. The right side was a tiled kitchen and dining space.

Teddy's eyes automatically sought out the digital clock on the stove as he moved to the wall thermostat, but he paused when he saw its blank face. His eyes then shot to the DVD player on the television, but it, too, was blank. Teddy was pretty sure what was wrong, by this point, but couldn't resist flicking on the light switch at the end of the hall, just to be sure. He wasn't surprised when nothing happened. It wasn't just the heat that was off, but the power itself. There was no juice at all.

"Great," he muttered with disgust and hurried back to the bedroom. It was cold in the cottage and likely to get colder, at least until the problem with the power was fixed, which meant he was wasting precious body heat standing around barefoot in his flannels. He needed to dress quickly, pull on his outerwear, and head somewhere warm to call Marguerite and find out whom he should contact about the power.

His suitcase sat on a chair in a corner of the bedroom he'd chosen. Teddy lifted the lid and grabbed the thickest pair of socks he'd packed, and then grabbed a second pair for good measure. He started to turn away, intending to sit on the bed to don the socks, but paused as his gaze slid out the window.

It had been dark when he'd arrived last night, and Teddy had marveled at how beautiful it all was as his headlights slid over the ice-encased branches of the trees and the deep snow on either side of the cleared driveway. It had all sparkled under his pickup's headlights like precious jewels. It wasn't such a grand sight now, he decided, as he peered at what had to be at least two feet of fresh snow on the driveway and yard. His pickup was now a small snow hill beside the cottage.

"Damn," he breathed and then returned to the matter at hand as his brain revised what had to be done. Dress warmly, find a shovel, dig his truck out of the driveway, and then head to town to find someplace warm with coffee and food, where he could call Marguerite in comfort.

Or maybe he should try to call Marguerite first, Teddy thought as he finished with his socks and dragged on jeans and a sweater over his flannel pajamas. It was going to take a hell of a long time to dig his way out of the driveway. By that time, whoever was supposed to fix the power might be here if he called before starting.

Deciding that was the better plan, Teddy finished dressing and headed out into the kitchen to find his phone. He'd plugged it in to charge before going to bed last night. Unfortunately, the power must have gone out shortly after that, because the battery was even lower now than when he'd plugged it in. The warning that the battery needed recharging was all he could get before it shut itself off.

Muttering under his breath, Teddy shoved it in his pocket, dragged on his coat, scarf, and boots, then grabbed his gloves and opened the kitchen door. If he thought the cottage was cold, the mudroom was positively frigid, and Teddy grimaced as he stepped into it. He didn't slow, however, but tugged on his gloves, grabbed the shovel leaning against the wall, and headed outside.

The moment he stepped off the deck he was knee-deep in snow. Teddy trudged through the flaky snow to the driver's side of the pickup, leaned his shovel against the truck, and then brushed away the snow until he could find the door handle. He had some thought of starting the pickup, plugging his phone in the car charger, and turning on the heat and defrost so that the windows could thaw out while he shoveled the driveway. But he'd locked the truck's doors last night and the lock was now frozen ... and the de-icer was in the glove compartment, where he'd tossed it while packing the vehicle for the trip. Not terribly bright of him to forget to bring it in last night, he acknowledged with a sigh.

"This just isn't your day," Teddy muttered to himself as he turned to glance toward the road. The driveway was narrow and wound through the trees, which was great for privacy, but it was also long, which was terribly inconvenient now. It would take hours to shovel the way clear himself. Fortunately, he was hoping he wouldn't have to do more than clear off the pickup and a bit around it. Marguerite had said the county cleared the roads and there was a handyman who cleared the driveway and took care of other matters for the Willan sisters, who owned the cottage he was renting.

Hopefully, by the time the road was clear and this handy feller could get in to clear the driveway, the door lock would be thawed enough that he could get the door open. Teddy supposed the best thing he could do was fetch some firewood from the shed, start a fire in the cottage's fireplace, and warm up while he waited.

But some coffee would sure go nice with that fire, he thought and glanced toward the road again, wondering what the problem was with the power. Never one to sit around and wait on being rescued, Teddy started up the driveway. He'd just take a look and see what the situation was. If the road was clear, he'd go back, build a fire, and wait for the handyman to show up. If it wasn't ... well, he hoped it was.

It seemed to take forever to make his way to the road. By the time he reached the end of the drive, Teddy was sweaty and panting. His knees were also acting up and complaining over the walk, something they wouldn't have done forty or even twenty years ago. Getting old kind of sucked, he thought grimly as he surveyed the road, noting that it hadn't been cleared yet. At least it hadn't been cleared all the way to the cottage. The road twisted out of sight just ten feet from where he stood.

Sighing, he considered what to do. His stomach was gnawing with hunger, his legs aching from trudging through the snow, his mouth was dry, and while he was hot and sweaty under his clothes, his face was beginning to burn with the cold. Teddy readjusted his scarf to give his face more protection against the low temperatures and then forced himself to continue on. Another ten feet, he told himself. He'd just walk to the bend, take a look up the road, and then head back to the cottage and build a fire.

Once he reached the bend, Teddy almost wished he hadn't made the effort. The sight of the white-coated road stretched out before him was a truly depressing thing. Not only wasn't it shoveled, but one look was enough to tell him that it wasn't likely to be for a while. Either there had been a fierce wind with the snow the night before, or the heavy snowfall had been too much for a couple of the older trees. Two had fallen that he could see: one just ten feet past the bend where he stood and another farther up the road. They would have to be shifted before the snow-removal vehicles could clear the road to his driveway.

They were also the reason the power was out, Teddy noted as he saw the downed lines the first tree had taken out. That wasn't going to be a fast fix. It was looking like he'd be without power for a bit ... if he stayed, he thought with a sigh. Maybe once the trees were removed and the road was cleared, he should just turn around and start the six-hour trip back to Port Henry.

The thought was a depressing one. It was two days before Christmas, a time of year when Teddy tried to avoid Port Henry. It was why he was up here at the cottage in the first place. Back home, everyone knew he had no family to spend Christmas with and everyone invited him to theirs. If he was in town, he'd have to accept one of those invitations and then attend as the charity case, not really belonging but there out of the goodness of their hearts. The thought was a depressing one.

Shaking his head, he turned to start back only to pause as he spotted a figure in the trees on the other side of the driveway to his own cottage. The individual wore a bright red ski suit and stood as still as a stone, staring from the shadows of the trees. Bundled up as the person was, it was hard to tell for sure if it was a woman or a slender man or youth, but that didn't trouble him as much as the absolute stillness. There was something about it that made the hair on the back of his neck prickle nervously, and then the person pushed back the hood to reveal a fresh-faced young blonde with a bright smile.

"Hello. You must be my neighbor," she greeted cheerfully, moving forward.

"Looks like," Teddy agreed and felt a grin claim his own lips. As he moved to meet her halfway in the deep snow, he nodded toward the driveway they stood in front of. "I rented the Willan cottage here for the holidays."

"And I'm in the one next door." She jerked a gloved thumb back the way she'd come. "My cousin, Decker's."

Teddy looked curiously the way she'd gestured, able to make out a large cottage through the leafless trees. Glancing back to her, he smiled wryly. "Looks like we picked a bad time to be up here."

She chuckled at the suggestion and shook her head. "A little snow never hurt anyone. They'll clear it away quick enough."

"I'm not so sure," Teddy said with a sigh. "There are a couple of trees down. One took out the power line. It'll be a while before they get that cleared up."

"Damn," the blonde breathed, her smile fading to be replaced with concern. "Someone was supposed to be bringing me ... provisions," she ended quietly.

"Then we're in the same boat," Teddy said wryly. "I intended to stop at a grocery store on the way in myself, but I mucked about at the Bass Pro in Vaughan and then a couple of those antiques places on the way up and got here so late I decided to leave it until this morning. Not a bright idea as it turns out," he admitted with a grimace and then shook his head and said, "Ah well, I'll get by. At least there's a fireplace and plenty of chopped wood. I won't freeze."

The blonde's gaze shifted from his face to the road behind him and then she managed a smile, though he could still see the worry under the expression. "Well I have food stuff. You're welcome to it."

Teddy raised his eyebrows. "I thought you had provisions coming in today?"

She glanced away, briefly, but when she turned back, the cheerful smile had returned. "Yes, of course. I have loads of dry and canned goods, but someone was to deliver fruits and vegetables and stuff today. As well as gas for the generator."

"You have a generator?" Teddy asked with interest.

She nodded and then grimaced. "It's dead at the moment, though. They warned me there wasn't much gas in it but assured me more would be delivered today. I guess the generator must have kicked on when the power went off last night, but it died a few minutes ago. It's why I came out here. To watch for the delivery." She glanced along the road. "But I'm guessing the delivery guy isn't getting through anytime soon."

"No," Teddy agreed with a frown of his own, wondering how long her cottage would stay warm without the generator running. Probably not long, he decided and was about to offer to share his fire when she turned back to him and smiled wryly.

"So I have food and no heat and you have heat and no food. Care to share?"

Teddy sensed the worry under her smile and wondered about it, but then realized the poor girl was pretty much stranded alone in the woods in the middle of nowhere with a complete stranger. She didn't know him from Adam. Any woman would be worried. He could be an axe murderer, for all she knew.

"That sounds a sensible idea, young lady. But I guess I'd best introduce myself properly then." He held out one gloved hand. "My name is Theodore Brunswick. I'm police chief of a small town called Port Henry down south."

She stared blankly for a moment and then her lips widened. "That's so sweet."

Teddy blinked in confusion, not sure what the hell was sweet about his being police chief of Port Henry. It was a small town, but -

"You're trying to reassure me I'm safe with you," she explained. "That's really very sweet. Thank you."

"Oh." Teddy felt his face burning and knew it wasn't the cold air. He was blushing like a schoolboy, he realized with disgust and hoped to hell she put down any redness in his face to the cold. Retrieving his hand, he muttered, "Well, young women can't be too careful when they're on their own nowadays and I didn't want you worrying that I might be dangerous."

"You're right, of course," she said solemnly, and then pointed out cheerfully, "Of course, a r**ist or serial killer would hardly introduce himself as one. In fact, claiming to be a cop would probably be the one thing most likely to lull a gal into feeling safe and give the creep an advantage."

Teddy's eyes widened and he turned fretfully to glance toward his cottage, saying, "I have my badge in the cottage. I can show it to you and my gun and - " He paused and glanced back as she began to chuckle.

"It's all right, I believe you," she assured him with a grin. "Why don't you go get that fire started while I fetch us some food from my cottage?"

"Sounds like a plan," Teddy muttered, feeling a bit off balance. There was just something about the girl ... He watched her start away, envying the seeming ease with which she moved through the snow.

"Theodore?"

He raised his eyes to her face as she glanced back over her shoulder, noting the twinkle in her eyes and the naughty tilt to her grin. His voice was gruff as he said, "Call me Teddy."

"Teddy," she murmured as if tasting the word. Apparently, she liked it, because her smile widened, the naughtiness he'd noted now seeming to bloom until it completely took over her expression as her eyes drifted down over his figure to the groin of his jeans. She drawled, "I think I'd really like to see that gun of yours later."

Teddy felt his jaw drop, and gaped after her when she turned and continued away. Had she just - Surely she hadn't meant what he thought she -

"No," Teddy muttered, shaking his head. She hadn't meant what he thought. He was an old man, for Christ's sake, and she was a pretty young thing: young enough to be his granddaughter. Of course, she might not realize that yet. He was all bundled up against the cold, with little but his eyes and nose showing.

Teddy turned and started up his own driveway, reassuring himself that she wouldn't be interested once she got a look at his old mug. In fact, the poor girl would probably be embarrassed then, he thought with a wry chuckle. He was halfway back to the cottage before he realized she'd never told him her name.

Katricia whistled happily as she grabbed dried and canned food and packed it in the two empty boxes she'd found in a corner of the pantry. She wasn't really paying attention to what she was choosing, but then she had no idea what Teddy Brunswick would like - or what she herself would like, for that matter. It had been centuries since she'd bothered with mortal food.

"Katricia Argeneau Brunswick." It had a nice ring to it, she decided with a smile.

"Katricia and Teddy Argeneau Brunswick." Even better, she thought and sighed dreamily as she packed another can in the box.

Damn. She'd met her life mate. Katricia savored the thought. There was nothing in the world more important to an immortal than a life mate. It was what every one of them wanted and waited for, sometimes for centuries, sometimes even longer. Some never found one at all. But if they did, it was the most important moment in their life, finding that one person in the world, mortal or immortal, whom they couldn't read or control and with whom they could share their long life. It wasn't what Katricia had expected when she'd driven up here yesterday from Toronto. Though she probably should have, she acknowledged. Marguerite's matchmaking skills were becoming renowned. At least they were in the family. It was said she seemed to have the same ability that Katricia's grandmother and the family matriarch, Alexandria Argeneau, had possessed. That woman had found life mates for a good number of her children and the others of their kind before her death more than two thousand years ago. They said it had been like a sixth sense with her. Every couple she'd put together had been life mates. Now Marguerite was doing the same.

Still, this was the last thing Katricia had expected when Marguerite had invited her to join the family for Christmas. Especially since she'd said thank you, but no. It had been an automatic response. If she'd thought first, Katricia probably would have said yes, in the hopes that Marguerite had a life mate for her. However, she hadn't thought. Her answer had been automatic and firm. She avoided family gatherings. Actually, she avoided gatherings altogether. It was just too wearying to have to guard your thoughts all the time, so she'd taken to spending more and more time alone, especially the holidays, when all the older relatives got together. It was impossible to guard your thoughts from some of them, and Katricia didn't want one of her uncles reading hers.

The only family function she'd attended in the last decade was the multiple wedding in New York last February. Not showing up would have raised questions, since she lived and worked in New York, but as she'd expected, it had been hell. Concentrating on trying to guard her thoughts while trying to hold conversations with people had been like juggling knives while doing backflips. Impossible. She was sure more than one relative had caught a glimpse of her thoughts. She'd seen a flash of concern in the eyes of a couple of her uncles and even in Marguerite herself as she'd talked with her. Katricia was positive they all had caught how dark and depressing her thoughts were growing.

The thought made her smile. Both the darkness and depression had blown away like smoke in a stiff breeze the minute she'd reached the end of the driveway, spotted Teddy Brunswick, automatically tried to read his thoughts to see who he was and what he was doing there on the road, and found she couldn't. That had been a shocker. And suddenly her last-minute problems with her holiday plans had taken on a different light.

Katricia had been annoyed as hell when her flight from New York to Colorado for some holiday skiing had been diverted to Toronto. The pilot hadn't known what the problem was and Katricia had disembarked from the Argeneau plane ready to rip someone a new one, only to find her uncle, Lucian Argeneau, waiting on the tarmac.

"Bad weather," he'd announced by way of explanation as he'd bundled her into an SUV.

Katricia had been beside herself with frustration, her concentration divided between reciting nursery rhymes, to keep her uncle from reading her thoughts, and the intrusive worry that she'd be stuck with the family for the holidays and reciting those nursery rhymes for days. So, when he'd taken her to Marguerite's and that dear woman had mentioned that Decker had a cottage up north if she didn't wish to spend Christmas with the family, Katricia had jumped at the suggestion like a drowning woman leaping for a life raft. The next thing she'd known she and her luggage had been bundled in an SUV with the directions already on the GPS and she'd been on her way.

Now, here she was, up in the wilds of Central Ontario, snowed in with Teddy Brunswick, whom she couldn't read. Not being able to read a mortal was the first sign of a life mate. As an immortal, she could read mortals as easily as cracking open a book. Not being able to read Teddy had come as a hell of a shock. But a good one. A life mate. Damn, the idea made her sigh happily.

Of course, not being able to read him was only one of the signs, she tried to caution herself. After all, there was the occasional mortal that couldn't be read by anyone. They were usually crazies or people suffering from some affliction or other, like a brain tumor. Then no one could read them. However, Teddy Brunswick didn't seem mentally ill. He could still have a tumor or something, though, she acknowledged unhappily.

She would know soon enough, however. If Teddy really was her life mate, other symptoms would be showing up soon. The reawakening of her appetite for food was one of them, and she glanced curiously at the next box she lifted out and read the label.

"Bisquick."

She shrugged and stuck it in the box, but some of her good cheer was fading as she considered the one problem she could see with this scenario.

Katricia was pretty sure that bad weather hadn't been the reason for her diverted flight to ski country. She was absolutely certain that this had all been some grand plan to put her together with a possible life mate, which was all well and fine. But the snowstorm last night obviously hadn't been part of the plan and could be a problem, she thought with a frown.

Both boxes were now full of food. Katricia set one on top of the other, picked both up, and moved out of the pantry.

While she suspected Marguerite had arranged this meeting, she had no idea if Teddy knew about immortals. Most would probably call them vampires, but it was a term her people didn't care for. They were not cursed, soulless monsters, chomping on the neck of every passing mortal. While they lived long lives and didn't age beyond twenty-five or thirty, their physiology and need for blood was scientific in basis ... and they avoided feeding on mortals now that blood banks were around. But just because she suspected Marguerite had sent her up here to find Teddy, it didn't mean he knew about their kind. Which meant she couldn't risk telling him the truth ... that the provisions she'd been expecting weren't gas and food but gas and bagged blood. She didn't think he'd take well to learning he was snowed in with a vampire who was lacking in blood supplies right now.

Chapter Two

It didn't take Teddy long to get the fire going. He'd built it up to a roaring blaze in the hopes of warming the house faster, and had just straightened to head next door and help the girl with carting provisions over when he heard someone mounting the stairs to the deck. Hurrying to the door, he pulled it open and frowned as he stepped out into the vestibule to see his neighbor on the deck, trying to rearrange the boxes she carried to free a hand to knock.

"I was just coming to see if I could help. You shouldn't have carried all that by yourself," he admonished, quickly opening the door and reaching for one of the boxes.

"They aren't heavy," she assured him with a laugh, twisting and sliding past before he could take one. Moving behind him, she set the boxes on the floor inside the open kitchen door and then sat on the bench across the end of the vestibule and set to work on removing her boots.

Teddy let the screen door close, and then firmly closed the wooden door against the chill before turning toward her. A frown crested his lips as she removed one boot and started on the other. They were covered with snow and couldn't be worn in the cottage, of course. It was why he'd removed his own on entering. But he still wore his coat, scarf, hat, and gloves. While the cottage was as cold as a walk-in refrigerator, the floor was like a slab of ice, and he could see her socks were your garden-variety everyday type, not meant for cold weather or icy cottages.

"Here." He slid his feet out of his slippers and pushed them toward her. "They'll be too big, but will keep you warm at least."

She glanced up with surprise. "What about you?"

"I have two pairs of thermal socks on. I'll be fine," he muttered, stepping into the kitchen and bending to pick up the boxes. Teddy grunted as he lifted them, surprised at how heavy they were. If the damned kid thought these weren't heavy, she must be a weight lifter or something, he thought with irritation as he hefted them onto the counter and then set them side by side to get a look at what they held.

"Thank you."

He glanced around as the blonde stepped into the cottage. She was shuffling her feet to keep the overlarge slippers on, and it made a smile tug at his lips, but he forced it away. In his experience, young people embarrassed easily and he didn't want her to be uncomfortable. Glancing back to the boxes as she closed the kitchen door to the mudroom, he said, "You're welcome. What's your name?"

"Oh, I didn't introduce myself, did I?" she realized with a chuckle. Moving to join him at the counter, she began to remove items from the second box and said, "Katricia, but you can call me Tricia for short."

He noticed she hadn't mentioned a last name, but let it go for now and merely asked, "Why Tricia, and not Kat?" as he lifted out a can and examined the label to find it was tomato soup.

"Well, I always thought Kat sounded kind of bitchy," she answered absently as she worked. "Besides, men tend to like to play with that name, adding cutesy things like Kitty to it, or switching it out altogether for Kitty or even Pussy."

Teddy dropped the latest can he'd pulled out of the box and turned to her with amazement. "Pussy?"

She grinned at his expression and nodded. "Usually guys trying to get into my pants. Can you imagine a guy thinking that would tempt me to sleep with him?"

"Er." Teddy stared at her blankly, completely at a loss. Women just generally didn't talk quite so openly with him. They were usually kind of deferring and respectful. It was his title, of course. Being police chief meant people treated him differently. Well, most people anyway, he thought as Mabel and Elvi came to mind. Those two still treated him like the friend he'd been to them since their school years. Still, even they didn't say things like -

"You wouldn't think calling me Pussy Kat or even just Pussy would make me want to sleep with you, would you Teddy?"

He blinked as those husky words sank through his thoughts and realized that Katricia had turned her body to face his and moved closer. She was also looking up at him with soft blue eyes and slightly parted lips that made him think of Mary Martin back home. A year or two younger than he, and widowed, the woman was always on him like a tic on a deer whenever he entered a room. Mary had marriage on the mind and he didn't doubt it for a minute, but Teddy was too damned old to even consider marriage. He'd missed that boat, and while he regretted it, he -

His thoughts scattered as Katricia's pink little tongue slid out to run over her lips, wetting them. She had also continued to move closer, he realized with sudden alarm as her coat front brushed his and she raised a hand to brace it against his chest. His alarm only increased when he realized that he was swaying toward her in response like a moth drawn to a flame ... a very old moth to a very young flame.

Giving his head a shake, Teddy quickly stepped back and began to remove his hat. It was still cold in the cottage, but it was time this little girl saw just who she was dealing with here. It would probably embarrass her to realize she'd been flirting with such an old fart, but it would be a damned sight more embarrassing for both of them if she didn't stop.

Avoiding looking at her so he didn't have to witness her horror as his gray hair was revealed, he moved across the room to set his hat on the dining-room table. Teddy then gave her another moment to deal with what he suspected would be her mortification at flirting with an old man by taking the time to remove his scarf, fold it neatly, and set it down before turning to reveal his weathered face.

He expected to find her wide-eyed and openmouthed with embarrassment. Instead, she eyed him with interest, as if inspecting a horse she was considering buying, and then she smiled and announced, "You're a good-looking man, Teddy Brunswick."

He blinked at the words and frowned. "I'm an old man."

The words made her chuckle, and she shook her head. "You're not twenty-five, but that doesn't mean you aren't good-looking. You have a strong face, nice eyes, and a full head of sexy, silver hair." When he just frowned harder, she added, "What? You thought your age made you unattractive? How many women do you think would say no to Sean Connery?"

The question made his eyes widen, and Katricia grinned. She also removed her own hat and scarf. Much to his relief, she didn't come near him but set them neatly on the counter beside her and then turned back to the box of goods to continue emptying it.

The moment she did, Teddy felt some of the stress slip from his body. But he didn't move back to join her; instead, he eyed her from where he stood, taking in her profile. She wasn't a beauty. Her hair was blond, whereas he had always preferred redheads, and her face was pale, her features more fitting in a Renaissance portrait, but there was something appealing about her, he decided and then quickly tried to erase that thought from his mind.

There was nothing at all appealing about this young woman, he lectured himself firmly. She was a child. Barely twenty-five, by his guess. A baby, compared to him. And he wasn't going to forget that. Teddy Brunswick was not going to be one of those old fools chasing around little girls young enough to be his granddaughter. Nope, he wasn't going to be the kind of man others snickered about behind his back.

Suitably chastened, Teddy moved to the fire and threw another log on, then took a minute to push the logs around until the fire was full-strength. Satisfied by the heat pouring off of it, he glanced around the room and then toward the hall to the bedrooms. He could see the open bedroom doors and frowned.

"What's wrong?" Katricia asked and he glanced over to see that she'd stopped unpacking and was watching him curiously.

"I was just thinking I should close the bedroom doors so the heat stays in here," he admitted, setting the poker back on its holder.

"I'll do it," she offered and moved off at once.

Teddy let her go, thinking she would find the bathroom that way so she didn't have to ask when she needed to use it. With her safely out of the room, he moved back to the boxes to continue sorting the contents. He almost sighed aloud when he found the can of coffee. Of course, the coffee pot wouldn't work without electricity, but maybe if he boiled some water in a pot over the fire and then used the drip filter and coffee pot, he could come up with a halfway decent brew. A cup of coffee sounded damned fine at that moment. It might help clear his thoughts some, too, he decided and set the can aside to start searching the cupboards for a suitable pot.

Katricia took her time closing bedroom doors, peering curiously into each room as she went. It was partially out of curiosity and partially to give Teddy some breathing room. She didn't need to read his mind to know that he wasn't comfortable with her. She supposed she'd come on too strong too fast, but hadn't been able to help herself. The very fact that he might be her life mate made her want to test it. She wasn't hungry yet, but then the only food around was in cans and boxes. There was nothing really to tempt her palate. Which meant the easiest way to know for sure was to kiss Teddy and see if she experienced the shared pleasure she'd heard so much about.

Unfortunately, it was looking like that might be a hard objective to achieve. Teddy didn't appear to be comfortable with what he thought was their age difference. That seemed obvious to her from the way he'd quickly removed his hat and scarf and then turned as if presenting some monstrosity to her. This was going to take some patience, which had never been Katricia's strong suit. She was already struggling with the urge to simply walk straight back out into the kitchen and jump the man's bones. The only thing stopping her was the worry that she might give the poor guy a heart attack or something. That would be just her luck - kill her life mate with a heart attack before she could woo and turn him.

Grimacing at the thought, Katricia continued checking out the rooms. She found the one with Teddy's suitcase in it and smiled faintly, thinking it was the room she would have picked, too. It was the last on the left, with the window overlooking the driveway where he could easily look out to see who was approaching should anyone come up the drive.

It was a good defensive position, and his cop was showing in the choice, she thought with a smile and then pulled the door closed and moved back up the hall. Her eyes widened slightly when she found Teddy kneeling by the fireplace, situating a couple of pots at the edge of the fire.

"What are you doing?" she asked curiously, moving up behind him to peer over his shoulder, but moving back a bit when she sensed him stiffening.

"Experimenting," he said gruffly, straightening and moving around her to get back into the kitchen. "Boiling water to make drip coffee and heating chicken soup. It's not the usual breakfast fare, I know, but beggars can't be choosers."

"Clever," Katricia murmured, watching from the fireplace as he moved into the kitchen and began to measure coffee into a filter.

"Hardly clever," Teddy said with amusement as he set his coffee fixings aside and continued rifling through the box. "More like desperate. I'm useless without my java."

"Java?" Katricia asked, warming her hands at the fire.

"Coffee," he explained and then said, "Since you're over there, keep an eye on the soup for me, will you?"

"Sure," Katricia said, watching him cross to the table to redon his hat and scarf.

"I'm going to go see if I can get my truck door open and the truck started so I can charge my phone," he explained as he moved to the door. "If I can get the phone hooked up, I can call Marguerite and see if we can't get the power back on."

"Marguerite?"

Teddy paused to glance her way with surprise. Probably because she'd barked the word in her surprise, she thought and grimaced to herself. Clearing her throat, she asked more calmly, "Who's Marguerite?"

"Marguerite Argeneau, a friend. She arranged for me to rent this cottage. I want to call and find out who I should report the power problem to," he said slowly, still eyeing her a little oddly. But then he shook his head and turned to walk out into the mudroom to don his boots. He pulled the door closed behind him and Katricia stared at it, biting her lip.

She had a cell phone. It was in her pocket and had been since waking and yet she hadn't once thought of using it ... not even to check on her blood delivery. That more than anything told her just how overset she'd been since finding she couldn't read Teddy.

Muttering under her breath, she pulled out the phone, but then paused and simply stood there, listening until Teddy finished donning his boots and she heard him stomp out of the cottage.

Katricia then turned to give the soup a quick stir before moving into the kitchen to peer out the window. Spotting Teddy by the door of his pickup, fiddling with the lock, she quickly pulled up contacts on her phone and found her aunt's listing. Marguerite answered on the second ring, her voice cheerful and happy as she said, "Hello Tricia, dear, how is your vacation going?"

"I can't read Teddy," Katricia blurted, not bothering with niceties.

"Oh, how lovely!" Marguerite didn't sound at all surprised. "I hoped the two of you would meet. Isn't he a handsome man?"

"Yes," Katricia breathed. Teddy Brunswick was the most beautiful man she'd ever met. Of course she might be biased, since she couldn't read him and suspected he was her life mate. It tended to color things. Still, he was a handsome man.

"He's so dignified-looking, and such a gentleman. I've seen pictures of him when he was younger and I promise you he'll be even more gorgeous after he's turned. He - "

"Does he know about us?" Katricia interrupted, zeroing in on what was most important to her. If he knew about them, she could just tell him she couldn't read him and then jump his bones and find out for sure whether he was her life mate or not.

"Yes, he does, dear. He's the police chief in Port Henry, a nice little town where your uncle Victor now lives with his Elvi. Many people know about us there. You can let him know what you are. He won't be horrified."

"How much does he know exactly?" Katricia asked. "I mean, does he know about life mates and such?"

Marguerite hesitated briefly, and Katricia was sure she was about to say no, but instead, her aunt said, "Well ... yes, he does know about that, dear. However, it might be a good idea if you don't blurt out that you can't read him until he's gotten a chance to get to know you a little better."

"What?" Katricia asked with alarm and then almost whined, "But why?"

Marguerite chuckled softly. "I know it's tempting to just tell him that he's your life mate and so on right away, but - "

"Is he?" Katricia interrupted eagerly.

"Is he what? Your life mate?" Marguerite asked with surprise. "I thought you said you couldn't read him?"

"Well, I can't, but sometimes mortals can't be read because - "

"Teddy is very readable," Marguerite interrupted soothingly. "In fact, you're the first immortal I have heard of who can't read him. Even Elvi and Mabel are beginning to be able to read him and they're still quite new to this business."

"Oh," Katricia breathed and bit her lip. "But then why shouldn't I tell him - "

"He's mortal, dear," Marguerite interrupted gently. "It might be a little much for him to handle so soon. Just let him get to know you a little better first, maybe. You don't want him jumping in his truck and heading back to Port Henry in a panic."

"He can't," Katricia assured her and then quickly explained about the tree blocking the road and the power outage.

"Oh dear," Marguerite breathed when she finished. "I'll call Lucian and have him send some men to clear the road and - "

"Oh, no, don't do that," Katricia said at once. "If the road's cleared he might leave. Besides, right now I'm staying at his cottage and sharing Decker's food with him. If you clear the road - "

"There won't be any need for you to both be at his cottage," Marguerite finished for her with understanding and then paused briefly before asking, "So you have heat and food?"

"Yes."

"I suppose there's no real urgency to clear the road and get the power back on, then," Marguerite murmured. "But call at once if the situation changes and you need things fixed quickly."

"I will."

"I'll call Bastien about the blood delivery though," Marguerite went on. "They can bring it in by snowmobile. Perhaps they can even arrange for a snowmobile to be brought for the two of you to use. That way you can still share the cottage but also get out to get provisions if you need them, or even just get out for a meal so you don't get cabin fever."

"That would be nice," Katricia said, a smile curving her lips as she imagined Teddy sitting behind her on a snowmobile, his arms wrapped around her as they roared off into town for groceries or dinner. Or even herself on the back, holding on to him as he drove them back. In her experience, men tended to prefer to drive and she was willing to share ... especially if it meant getting to ride with her arms around him and her chest pressed to his back and -

Dear God, I'm pathetic, Katricia thought with a shake of the head. "Are you sure I can't just tell him? He might be all right with it if he knew."

"He might," Marguerite agreed uncertainly. "I just think it's better to err on the side of caution. This life-mate business is such a delicate thing. I'm just suggesting you maybe wait a day or two. Right now you're a stranger to him, dear."

"Yeah," Katricia agreed on a sigh, her gaze moving to Teddy out by the truck.

"I'll suggest Bastien have the blood courier bring food, too," Marguerite said suddenly. "And more blankets and - It might take a while to get everything together, Katricia. Are you okay for blood if it doesn't show until tomorrow morning or later?"

"Yeah, I'm good," Katricia assured her. "I can go two or three days without if I have to. Twenty-four hours is nothing."

"All right then, leave it to me. I'll take care of everything."

Chapter Three

Teddy gave up on the lock with an irritated curse. He wasn't getting into the vehicle any time soon unless he wanted to break one of the windows, and he wasn't ready to do that. He might have, if the situation had been a desperate one, but it wasn't. They had heat, food, and shelter. They even had coffee. They could stick it out for a bit.

Sighing, he stepped back from the truck and glanced up toward the road, debating walking up to see if there was any sign of the snow removal men, or if a work crew had arrived to tend to the fallen trees. In the end, he decided against it. It really wasn't very likely. While Marguerite had said the county cleared the road, Teddy suspected this just wasn't likely to be a high-priority street. In fact, it was probably one of the last ones tended to. Which meant it would probably be late today or maybe even tomorrow morning before the road crew would make it out here to clear the road and see the downed power lines. And that meant it would probably be tomorrow or even the day after before someone came to take care of the power problem. But since the day after tomorrow was Christmas Day, it wasn't likely to get taken care of then, either. They could be stuck here until Boxing Day without power. That meant chicken soup, or even tomato soup for Christmas dinner, he thought with a grimace.

"Merry Christmas," he muttered to himself, turning to walk back toward the deck. He was mounting the stairs before it occurred to him that the water might be boiling by now. He could make an attempt at coffee, Teddy realized. The possibility cheered him and made him move more swiftly.

The cottage was noticeably warmer when he finished removing his boots in the mudroom and stepped inside. It was even warm enough that Teddy thought he could remove his coat this time along with his hat and scarf. He started to do so but paused when he saw that Katricia had already removed her own ... as well as the bottoms to her ski suit, he noted as his gaze landed on her where she stood bent over in front of the fireplace, stirring the soup. She was now wearing a baby-blue sweater and a pair of what almost looked like leotards the pants were so thin and molded to her skin. She may as well have been nude, but as tightly as the cloth hugged her, there wasn't a panty line to be seen. She couldn't be wearing anything under them, he realized, his eyes moving over the curves with fascination. Honest to God, he wouldn't have been surprised to hear that she wasn't wearing anything at all and that her skin was just airbrushed the dark blue of the leotards. Damn, she had the shapeliest little ass and legs he'd seen in a long time.

"The water's boiling, but I wasn't sure if I should pour it in that thing you set up or wait for you to come back in first. Should I do it now?"

Teddy blinked at the question and forced his gaze away from Katricia's tight bottom as she glanced over her shoulder toward him.

"Er ... no, that's okay, I'll do it," he muttered, forcing himself to finish removing his jacket. He stuffed his hat and scarf in the pockets and then hung it on the back of one of the chairs at the dining-room table, noting she'd done the same with her ski jacket and pants. It was better than hanging them back up in the mudroom where they'd be unpleasantly cold to don. Speaking of which, he decided he should find a towel, set it on the kitchen floor by the door, and bring their boots in to thaw. It would be nice not to put his feet in stiff, snow-encrusted boots the next time he went out.

Deciding he'd better do it while he was thinking of it, Teddy nipped quickly into his room to dig out the large bath towel he'd packed. He folded it twice as he carried it back out, then set it on the floor and retrieved both his boots and Katricia's from the mudroom to set them on it.

Aware that the soup was probably boiling, too, Teddy then grabbed both oven mitts off the top of the microwave and moved over to the fire. Katricia straightened and moved aside as he approached, giving him space, and he felt relief slide through him. It seemed he'd been right and now that she saw how old he was, she was going to cut out that silly flirtatious nonsense.

"How long has the soup been boiling?" he asked as he slid the gloves on.

"Several minutes now," Katricia answered and then, sounding a little awed, murmured, "It smells lovely."

Teddy glanced at her with surprise. It was just tinned soup, nothing to write home about, he thought, but then smiled wryly, knowing that - like himself - she probably hadn't eaten since yesterday. Truth to tell, tinned soup or not, he was hungry enough that it was smelling good to him, too, he acknowledged as he lifted both pots away from the fire.

Katricia followed when he carried them carefully over to the kitchen area, but stayed to hover over the soup pan when he set it on the stove to cool. Leaving her there, he moved over to slowly pour the water into the filter cone he'd removed from the coffee machine and set on top of the coffee pot.

A little sigh of anticipation slid from his lips as steam rose to mist his face with the aroma of brewing coffee. Teddy had to restrain himself from simply dumping the liquid impatiently into the cone, but anything worth doing was worth doing right. Besides, he wanted good coffee, not muck. He glanced at Katricia. She was leaning over the soup, eyes closed and inhaling the steam rising from it, and it made him smile slightly.

"Why don't you fetch a couple bowls and a ladle and serve it up," he suggested.

Katricia didn't have to be prompted twice; she was immediately slipping around him to get to the items he'd suggested. By the time he poured the last of the water into the cone, she'd divided the soup between two bowls, found soup spoons for both of them, and then picked them up, but paused to ask, "Do you want to eat at the table or by the fire?"

"By the fire," Teddy decided as he fetched coffee cups for both of them. While it was warmer in the cottage than it had been, and it had seemed pleasant when he'd first come in from the cold, now that he'd been inside a few minutes, he was aware that it was chillier the farther you got away from the fire.

Leaving Katricia to carry the soup into the living room, Teddy quickly poured them each a coffee, then grabbed spoons, the sugar bowl, and some powdered creamer from the cupboard and followed her. When she pushed the coffee table a little closer to the fire and sat on the carpet on one side of it, he moved around to the other side and set down their coffees and fixings.

"Mmmm."

Teddy glanced up from fixing his coffee to see that Katricia had neglected the chore to dive right into her soup. He smiled with amusement as she sighed with pleasure at the simple fare. "I'm guessing your mother isn't much of a cook."

She looked surprised at the suggestion. "Why would you say that?"

"Because if you think a heated-up tin of salty soup with limp noodles in it is moan-worthy, you haven't had good cooking, little girl," he assured her.

"Hmm." She tilted her head and then said, "Well, first of all, I'm not a little girl, and second, no one cooks for me. I don't live with my mother and haven't done so for a very, very long time."

"Hell, two weeks is a very very long time to kids your age," he said with a laugh and then asked, "So where do you live?"

"New York."

Teddy blinked at the answer. He'd expected her to say at university or some such thing. New York was an entirely different kettle of fish: the big city, crime central. He wouldn't have let his daughter live there, had he had one. Sitting back, he eyed her more closely. She was athletic in build, with shoulders a little wider than her hips, and a smaller bosom. Teddy generally preferred curvy women. At least, Elvi, the woman he'd loved most of his life, was curvy. Elvi was also a redhead whereas this girl was a fresh-faced blonde, and yet he found her strangely appealing.

Reining in his thoughts, Teddy frowned and turned his gaze down to his soup as he asked, "What do you do there?"

"I'm presently in law enforcement, but I'm considering alternate career choices at the moment."

Teddy glanced up sharply at this announcement, but she was now peering into her own soup and scooping out a spoonful.

"Law enforcement?" he asked with a surprise that was close to horror. "In New York?"

The thought of this little gal chasing after criminals in the Big Apple was a staggering one. Hell, he wouldn't want to do it himself, and he'd been in law enforcement most of his life and the army before that. Still, with a choice between a war zone or New York, he'd take the war zone. "I'm not surprised you're considering a career change so soon."

She glanced up, smiling faintly at his expression, and said, "It's not soon ... I've been in law enforcement for almost a century."

Teddy froze, a spoonful of soup halfway to his mouth. He lifted narrowed eyes to her face, focusing on it firmly for the first time since meeting her. Before this, he hadn't wanted to make her uncomfortable by staring too hard, but now he did, focusing specifically on her eyes and noting the silver glimmering among the blue. Setting his spoon back in his bowl, he said quietly, "Immortal."

Tricia nodded solemnly. "My name is Katricia Argeneau. Marguerite is my aunt by marriage."

Teddy just stared at her, having to readjust every thought in his woolly mind. He'd been thinking of her as a poor, defenseless, young gal snowed in out here in the wilds. Instead, she was an immortal, nowhere near defenseless ... or young, for that matter, he realized. At least, not if she'd been in law enforcement for almost a century. Which changed everything, of course. His gaze slid down over her upper body in her baby-blue sweater. She looked young, but she wasn't, so he hadn't been lusting after a sweet young thing. Not that he'd been lusting after her, Teddy assured himself quickly, but found himself suddenly fighting the urge to ask if she wanted to see his "gun" now.

Giving his head a shake, he cleared his throat and asked, "By law enforcement, I suppose you mean you're one of those council enforcers? A rogue hunter who works under Lucian?"

She nodded, watching him closely.

Teddy's eyes slid to the soup she'd been gobbling up, and he frowned. Most immortals didn't eat after the first century or two, so she couldn't be over two hundred. Eyes narrowing, he tilted his head to consider her solemnly. "The provisions you were expecting? Not just gas and food?"

"Blood, too," she admitted quietly.

"Do you have any at all with you?"

Katricia shook her head. "I had a couple bags in the SUV with me, but drank them before retiring after I arrived."

Teddy pursed his lips at this news and then gestured to her soup. "But you still eat."

She hesitated, but then simply nodded.

He sat back with a sigh and considered this new wrinkle in the situation. He was snowed in, had scanty provisions and no power, and his companion was a vampire with no blood supplies ... except him. "So you're telling me this now because ... what? You need a blood donor?"

"No," she said with a laugh. "I'm good for now and the blood delivery will show before I need a 'blood donor,' as you put it."

"Not with the road the way it is," he pointed out dryly.

Katricia shrugged, not seeming concerned, and he understood why when she said, "They'll bring it by snowmobile if they can't get through on the road. They won't leave me without."

Teddy felt himself relax a little at that news, relieved to be off the menu, but then asked, "So why are you telling me now? How did you know I knew about your kind?"

"Aunt Marguerite," she answered simply. "You mentioned her name and then I recalled that the immortal-friendly town my uncle Victor lives in is called Port Henry." She shrugged. "Since you knew Aunt Marguerite, I figured you knew."

Teddy didn't respond at first. He could usually spot a lie a mile off, and Ms. Argeneau was lying ... about something. The problem was he wasn't sure what she was lying about exactly. What she said seemed reasonable enough, but he had to wonder why she hadn't admitted all of this when he'd first mentioned Marguerite.

"Of course, if you hadn't known, your reaction to my claiming to be in enforcement for a century would have told me and I would have acted like I was joking or something," she added in a rush as she reached for her coffee.

Teddy narrowed his eyes further as he watched her sip from her mug. The way she was avoiding his eyes and the sudden rush of words just confirmed it in his mind that she was lying. He was about to call her on it, when she wrinkled her nose over the taste of the coffee and set it back with a grimace.

"Ugh. You can't start your day without this stuff?"

"It tastes better with cream and sugar," he said absently, pushing them both toward her. He was about to ask what exactly she was lying about and why, when he suddenly knew the answer. After his mentioning her aunt, Katricia had probably read his thoughts and learned he knew about their kind. She was lying to keep him from being uncomfortable with her reading his mind.

"Oh, yes, this is much better."

Teddy glanced to her to find that she'd doctored her coffee with the sugar and creamer and tried it again ... and apparently enjoyed it this way. She was actually gulping it down eagerly now.

"I'd go slow if I were you," he cautioned with amusement. "Some immortals can't handle caffeine."

"They can't?" she asked with surprise.

Teddy shook his head. "Victor does all right on it, and DJ can handle a cup or two, but Alessandro is wired when he drinks it. Starts going ninety like he's on some kind of vampire speed or crack, and then passes out."

"I know DJ is Uncle Victor's friend, but who is Alessandro?" Katricia asked curiously before downing the rest of her drink.

"Alessandro Cipriano," Teddy explained. "He's another immortal who lives in Port Henry."

"Ah." She nodded, but had twisted to peer toward the coffee pot on the counter. In the next instant, she was on her feet and snatching up both their cups.

Teddy just shook his head and continued eating his soup, but his gaze was on her as she crossed the room to pour them both a fresh cup, specifically on her behind. The woman might be over a century old, but she had the body of a sweet young thing and the tightest little behind he'd ever seen. She definitely didn't have any panties on under those leotards of hers, he thought as he watched her butt cheeks shift with each step. If he peeled the leotards off, he was sure he'd find nothing but her pale, perfect flesh.

"Unless you're ready to show me your gun, you should really stop looking at me like that."

Teddy forced his eyes from Katricia's behind and up to find her peering at him over her shoulder. He flushed first at being caught staring so rudely at her butt, then reddened further as her words sank in. Damn, that definitely sounded like a proposition. The problem was he didn't have a damned clue how to respond to it, and suspected he'd stutter like a schoolboy if he tried. The women he knew just weren't so ... er ... forward ... or comely, for that matter. Not that there weren't attractive women in Port Henry. He'd been attracted to plenty of women there, many of them his own age. But it had been a while ... and there was just something about Katricia that - Well, basically, his gun was loaded and half-cocked just from looking at her ... and wasn't that the saddest thing in the world? If he took her up on what he suspected was an offer, he'd probably empty his barrel before he even took aim ... so to speak.

"My gun's in the drawer there if you want to see it," he said finally, turning his gaze to his soup as she started back across the room. "So is my badge."

She let him get away with pretending to misunderstand and simply set his coffee cup in front of him and settled on the floor across from him to fix her own. But the thought was in his head now, and he couldn't look at her without his mind running along rather X-rated lines, starting with peeling off those damned leotards and running his hands over the firm flesh beneath. His hands, his lips, his tongue ... Hell, he'd never been a biter, but Teddy had a sudden urge to nip one of the round cheeks and see if it was as firm as it looked, and then -

A sudden ache between his legs brought Teddy's attention to the fact that he was no longer just half-cocked. He now sported a full-fledged erection that was pressing against his jeans, begging to be released. Christ. He was reacting like a twelve-year-old boy who just found his dad's stash of p*rn magazines ... and the woman was fully clothed, for God's sake. How pathetic was that? Obviously, he needed to keep a tight rein on his eyes and his thoughts, Teddy decided grimly. In fact, since she was immortal and could read his thoughts if she wanted, he should have been doing it already. The realization made him glance warily to her expression. Katricia was smiling slightly, not looking offended. She hadn't read his mind, he decided with relief. Still, he determined not to even look at her again while he finished his soup and second cup of coffee.

The fire was dying down by the time they finished and carried their dishes to the kitchen sink. Teddy then returned to add several logs to the blaze and rearrange them in the flames for maximum benefit. He then considered the logs left in the dwindling stack beside the fireplace and moved to begin donning his coat and boots.

"Where are you going?" Katricia asked with surprise.

"To fetch more wood for the fire," he answered, doing up his boots.

"I'll help." She was immediately donning her own coat and boots.

"There's no need in both of us getting cold," he said quietly.

"Why not? The fire warms both of us," she said with a laugh and simply pulled on her gloves.

Teddy frowned, but let it go. He'd learned from dealing with Elvi and Mabel over the years that there was really just no use arguing with a strong woman. Most women would have been happy to leave him to it while they played little housemate inside, but Elvi and Mabel wouldn't have, and he suspected Katricia was made of the same velvet-covered steel that his two friends were. A woman didn't work in law enforcement, whether it was mortal or immortal, without a solid backbone.

"The air may be cold, but I don't think I've ever breathed anything so clean," Katricia said as they started off the porch.

Teddy smiled faintly. "I suppose there isn't a whole lot of clean air in New York."

"Too many cars for that," she said wryly.

"Do you like the city?" he asked curiously as they crossed the yard to the small shed with the tarp-covered wood stacked beside it.

"Not really," she said easily and laughed at his surprise. "I suppose you're now wondering why I stay there then?"

"You'd suppose right," he said mildly.

Katricia shrugged as they paused and pulled the tarp back to begin gathering wood. "It was exciting when I first settled there. The place to be. Life can get boring after a couple of centuries, but New York seemed alive, vibrant, with loads to do and see." She smiled wryly. "It's why most older immortals gravitate there, and a lot have settled there over the decades."

"Really?" he asked curiously, waiting as she shifted her load and tugged the tarp back into place.

Katricia nodded. "New York and Los Angeles are the most popular places for our kind in the States, and Toronto and Montreal hold the most immortals in Canada."

"The most populated cities," Teddy murmured as they started back toward the cottage.

Katricia nodded. "The more people there are, the later things stay open and the more things there are to do to entertain yourself ... and, of course, back when we had to feed off the hoof, the more possible donors there were around to choose from."

Teddy grimaced at the reminder that immortals had at one time fed off his people. Now that there were blood banks, they were restricted only to bagged blood and had laws against biting mortals except in cases of emergency. Katricia had been alive long enough to have had to feed off the hoof at one time, he realized and glanced at her curiously, imagining her roaming the streets of New York in search of victims.

"Stop that," she said on a laugh.

"What?" he asked, forcing his gaze away as they mounted the stairs to the cottage.

"Stop looking at me like you expect my fangs to sprout and me to fall on your throat at any moment," she said dryly. "We don't do that anymore."

Teddy remained silent as they entered the cottage and shed their boots to carry the wood to the stack beside the fireplace, but once they'd laid down their burden, he asked, "So you moved to New York for the excitement, but don't enjoy it anymore?"

She shrugged and turned to walk back to their boots. "New York has its charms. I like the theater, and it has some great clubs, but there are just some things it doesn't have." She started to undo her coat, and then paused and asked, "Do you want to walk up to the road and see if the snow removers have arrived yet?"

"Sure," he agreed easily. It was better than sitting around inside, he supposed as he joined her to redon his boots. Once they were headed out of the cottage again, he asked, "So what are the things New York doesn't have?"

"Stars at night," she said at once. "I couldn't believe it when I got up here and saw all the stars in the sky. I'd forgotten there were so many."

Teddy nodded in understanding. The closer you were to a city the fewer stars there appeared to be in the sky. You saw a lot of stars in the sky down in Port Henry, but even there you didn't see as many as up here. They were too close to London, he supposed.

"And the fresh air," Katricia added solemnly. "Sometimes it feels like you're sucking on a muffler in New York."

Teddy chuckled at the image that put in his head.

"And the peace and quiet. I mean just listen." She suddenly paused, closed her eyes, and raised her head in a listening attitude, and Teddy did the same. Silence immediately surrounded him and then he became aware of his breathing, hers, the soft sounds of small creatures moving through the snowy woods, the soft thud of snow sliding off a branch or something else nearby and hitting the snow-covered ground. It was as close to absolute silence as a body could get, he acknowledged.

Katricia sighed almost blissfully. "No traffic, no hum of engines or factories, no chatter of people. Nothing. You can never find silence in New York."

Teddy opened his eyes and nodded solemnly. Even in Port Henry it was rare, though not impossible to find. They began to walk again, as if by agreement, and he asked, "So why don't you move?"

"I just might," she said lightly. "Are there any openings for law enforcement in Port Henry?"

Teddy chuckled at the question. "Actually, there will be soon."

"Really?" she asked with interest.

Teddy nodded. "I'll talk to Lucian and if he gives you a good recommendation, we'll see what we can do."

When she didn't respond, he glanced over to see that she was grinning. It seemed she didn't mind the idea of giving up New York for small-town life, but he cautioned, "Port Henry isn't nearly as exciting as New York. You have to travel half an hour to get to the nearest movie theater or play, and there isn't a single night club there."

"Sounds good to me," she said lightly.

Teddy smiled faintly and shook his head.

"So, have you always lived in Port Henry?" she asked.

"Born and bred," he said quietly, and then admitted, "Though I left for a bit to join the army."

"And how did you like that?" Katricia asked curiously.

"It had its good points and bad points I suppose," he said slowly. "They taught me discipline and how to handle myself. Made me a man, I guess. And I got to see a bit of the world, but I missed Port Henry."

"You sound surprised," she teased lightly.

"I sort of was," he admitted with a laugh. "All the time I was growing up in Port Henry my feet were itching to get me out of there, see the world, do things, go places." He chuckled at his younger self and shook his head. "I guess it took leaving to appreciate what I had in Port Henry."

"Isn't there an old saying, you don't know what you've got till it's gone?" she asked with amusement. "Or maybe it's song lyrics."

"Or both," he said quietly. "Whatever the case, it's true. Or it was for me."

She was silent for a minute and then asked, "Have you ever been married, Teddy?"

He shook his head. "Never had the pleasure. You?"

She chuckled wryly. "No. But then that's not unusual for my kind. We can go centuries or even millennia before finding our life mate."

"Ah yes, the immortal's life mate," Teddy said quietly. "That one person that an immortal can't read or control. The one they can relax and be themselves around."

"It's more than that," Katricia said solemnly. "Everything is better with a life mate. Food tastes better, colors are brighter, everything is just ... more ... and, of course, we can experience shared dreams and shared pleasure, which is supposed to be better than anything ever." She released a gusty little sigh. "I can't wait."

Teddy took in her happy smile and chuckled. "You need to talk to Marguerite, then. I hear she's like some kind of mystic matchmaker for your people, the queen of immortal hook-ups. She'll have you experiencing that shared pleasure in no time if you put yourself in her hands."

"Wouldn't you like to experience it too?"

Teddy glanced at her with surprise, and then reminded her, "I'm mortal. We don't have life mates."

"Mortals can be life mates to immortals," she pointed out with a shrug.

"Yeah." Teddy was silent, considering that. He'd seen it happen several times now, and in truth he was envious as hell over it. But he wasn't foolish enough to hold out much hope of something like that happening to him.

"Hmmm."

Teddy glanced around curiously at that mutter from Katricia to see that they'd not only reached the end of the driveway but had traversed the ten feet to the bend in the road ... and it looked exactly as it had the first time he'd seen it. The trees still lay on the road, and the road itself was still snow-covered for as far as he could see. "Looks like we aren't likely to be getting out of here any time soon."

"Good thing we have food and firewood, then," Katricia said cheerfully, turning away to start back.

Teddy nodded, but didn't follow at once. Instead, he stood staring up the road, wondering how long it would take them to trudge up to the road if it wasn't cleared in the next day or so. They weren't likely to run out of firewood: there were several cords lined up along the shed, enough to last a hell of a long time. But the two boxes of food might not last all that long. Still, maybe they'd get lucky and the road crews would be along sometime today. And then maybe they'd get really lucky and the downed trees would be moved and the power lines fixed today or tomorrow. If so, they could head into town and buy groceries. He'd get a big turkey and all the fixings and they could cook up a fine Christmas dinner to share.

The idea made him smile, a nice, cozy Christmas dinner with Katricia. Maybe he'd buy her a gift, too. Something small, so she wouldn't feel bad for not having a gift for him, and he could get stockings and fill them with chocolate and some thermal socks for her, and -

Teddy's thoughts died as something smacked him in the back of the head and nearly startled him into falling on his butt. Managing to keep his feet under him, he turned in surprise and gaped at Katricia as she bent to scoop up more snow into her hands.

"You looked like you'd fallen asleep on your feet," she said with a grin. "I thought I'd wake you up."

"Wake me up, huh?" he asked, eyes narrowing on the snowball she was even now forming in her hands. Teddy stood completely still until she took aim and loosed the ball, then ducked and snatched up snow of his own as hers flew overhead. "You made a big mistake there, little lady. I am a champion at snowball fights."

"Yeah?" she asked with a laugh, scooping up more snow herself. "Bring it on."

Chapter Four

"Gin!" Katricia squealed gleefully as she set down her cards.

"Again?" Teddy squawked, throwing his own hand down with disgust. "You have to be cheating."

Katricia laughed at the accusation. "How could I have cheated? You dealt the hand."

"Hmm," Teddy muttered.

Katrina quickly added up their cards and marked down their new scores, then gathered the cards. As she began to shuffle, Teddy glanced at the fire and then leaned to the side to move the screen aside and toss on another log. Katricia watched him with a smile. After their snowball fight, which they'd decided had been a draw, they'd come in and warmed up by the fire with more lovely hot coffee before they'd heated up some sort of soup Teddy had called chunky something or other. Then they'd chatted and played cards through the afternoon, indulging in poker and rummy until dinnertime.

Another chunky-type soup had been dinner, but this time with some kind of dumplings made from the Bisquick that he'd cooked in it. Teddy had warned her the dumplings wouldn't be as good as they should be, since he'd only had powdered milk to work with, but they had tasted delicious to her. After doing their best to clean up after dinner, a task that was made difficult by the need to heat water over the fire to get it warm enough to clean with, they'd returned to playing cards and chatting again. This time though, Teddy had decided to teach her gin, which she was quite enjoying since it was the first game she was winning every hand. With the other games, it had been pretty even, one winning a hand, then the other. But she was absolutely trouncing him in gin ... and doing so with glee.

"This game is fun," Katricia said cheerfully as she finished shuffling. "I can't believe I've never heard of it before."

"Neither can I," Teddy said dryly as he used the poker to shift the logs around to his satisfaction. "You play like a pro."

"Beginner's luck," she assured him with a grin he didn't catch. He was setting the poker back.

"Hmm." Teddy turned and began to pick up and arrange the cards in his hand.

"So," Katricia said as she finished dealing and set down the remaining cards. "What's this job you mentioned coming up in Port Henry?"

Teddy glanced at her with surprise. They hadn't talked about that since he'd mentioned it during their walk that morning, but she had been thinking about it. While she was growing weary of hunting rogues, Katricia thought she might enjoy working on the force in Port Henry, especially if it meant working closely with Teddy. She already knew they worked well together. They had functioned as a team when they'd set out to make lunch and then supper, and then while cleaning up afterward. It had been rather scary in a way, how in sync they'd been, she thought, as if they'd been doing it for centuries.

"Would you really be interested?" he asked curiously.

Katricia nodded.

Teddy hesitated, and then pointed out, "It wouldn't be nearly as exciting as hunting rogues."

Katricia smiled wryly at the words. Rogues were immortals who had broken one of their laws, usually older immortals who hadn't found a life mate and had grown weary of living. It was her theory that they were mostly looking for a way out. Suicide by enforcer, basically. She understood, in a way, at least the weariness. Katricia had experienced that herself the last century or so ... until meeting Teddy. What she didn't understand was the need the rogue seemed to have to hurt others on the way down, usually mortals. They turned them in droves, or tortured them, or did whatever would catch the council's notice quickly and force them to act. Attacking mortals was most likely to do that. Not because mortals were valued more than immortals, but because harming mortals was more likely to draw the attention of other mortals, and the very worst sin they could commit was to bring their kind to the attention of mortals.

Her people had spent millennia hiding their existence. The world simply wasn't ready to learn that, while the fabled cursed and soulless vampire didn't exist, a more scientific version of the creature did. One pumped full of bioengineered nanos programmed to keep the immortal at their peak condition. It was those very nanos that forced them to seek blood from outside sources. The nanos used blood, not only to propel and clone themselves, but to fight any illnesses that attacked their hosts' bodies, and to make the repairs caused by injuries or the effects of the sun, or pollution, or the simple passage of time. The hosts' bodies simply couldn't supply the amount of blood the nanos used to do all that, so outside sources were necessary, which hadn't been a problem in their homeland when the nanos were first invented and introduced: blood transfusions had taken care of the problem. But when their home - the legendary Atlantis, an isolated land as technologically advanced as was whispered - fell, their people found themselves forced to flee and join the rest of the world. One where there was no such thing as real science, let alone nanos or blood transfusions.

Programmed to keep their hosts at their peak condition, the nanos had forced evolutionary changes on their people, bringing on fangs along with added strength, speed, and night vision to make them perfect predators, able to get what they needed to survive. Which had made the rest of the world their prey.

Much as most immortals didn't like to admit it, mortals were essentially cattle to Katricia's kind. Friends, neighbors, and cattle ... Or at least they had been, for millennia. Blood banks had helped bring an end to that need to feed "off the hoof," as they had taken to calling it over time.

"Believe me, hunting rogues isn't nearly as exciting as it sounds," Katricia assured him with a wry smile as he picked up a card, situated it among the ones in his hand, and discarded another. "Actually, it's a lot of long hours of waiting, researching, checking data, and then a quick raid and clean-up. It gets tired pretty quick."

"Still, it's probably more interesting than being a small-town cop," Teddy assured her wryly as she took her turn. "Most of my job is made up of issuing tickets, picking up shoplifters, and the occasional domestic dispute." He smiled and then added dryly, "At least, it was. The last couple of years, though, we've actually had a couple of murder attempts, assaults, and arsons."

Katricia raised her eyebrows as he picked up a card. "And this started just the last couple of years?"

Teddy nodded and chuckled, his gaze on his cards as he shifted a couple. He discarded before saying, "Yes, since the vamps came to town."

Katricia's eyes widened. "You mean our people have been killing and - ?"

"No," he assured her quickly. "Much to my dismay, it isn't the vampires committing the crimes but the mortals, and they're attacking the immortals," he admitted with disgust and shook his head before adding, "Mind you, in each one of those cases, those mortals would have claimed that the inoffensive vampire, or immortal, was the monster. It really makes you shake your head in wonder."

"Hmm," Katricia muttered, taking her turn. She didn't bother asking why the mortals had attacked the immortals. Her guess would be fear. People did the stupidest things out of fear. As she discarded, she asked, "So what is the job coming up?"

"Chief of police," he answered, picking up a card.

Katricia stared at him blankly as he discarded, and then pointed out, "But you're the police chief of Port Henry."

Teddy smiled faintly, and teased, "A top-notch detective, I see."

"Ha ha," Katricia said grimly. "Why would you need a replacement? You obviously love your job. Every time it's come up in conversation today - " She shrugged helplessly and finished, "I could tell you love it."

"I do," he agreed mildly, and then gestured for her to continue with her turn before pointing out solemnly, "But I'm getting old."

"You're not old," she said at once. "You're just a baby. Cripes, I'm ages older than you."

"I'm old for a mortal," Teddy said patiently. "Retirement is coming up. Someone will have to take my place. Someone who can deal with immortals would be good and you could do that. I'll talk to Lucian and if he thinks you can handle the job, we'll see what we can - "

"I don't want your job, Teddy," Katricia said quietly, and it was true. She didn't want it. She also didn't want him to give it up when he so obviously loved it. And he wouldn't have to once she turned him, but she couldn't tell him that. She frowned over that fact with frustration and simply said, "I'd rather work with you than take your place."

Teddy was silent for a moment, his eyes locked on her briefly, and then he suddenly set down his cards and stood. "I'm ready for a drink. How about you?"

Katricia set her cards down and got up as well, voice eager as she asked, "Coffee again?"

Teddy chuckled, but shook his head as he moved from the coffee table in front of the fireplace to the kitchen. "Are you kidding? You were wired all day from those two cups at breakfast. I give you coffee now you won't sleep tonight."

"Sleep is overrated," Katricia said with forced good cheer.

"Not for an old mortal guy like me, it isn't," he assured her wryly, retrieving a gift bag from the top of the refrigerator.

"What's that?" Katricia asked curiously.

"Whiskey," Teddy answered, and proceeded to open the sealed bag. When he caught Katricia's raised eyebrows, he shrugged and pulled out the bottle inside, explaining, "It's the same thing every year. Twelve-year-old scotch."

Katricia nodded, but leaned around him to read the gift card as he retrieved two glasses from the cupboard. "Elvi? Uncle Victor's Elvi?"

Teddy grunted and poured some whiskey into each glass. "Elvi knows I like this whiskey. She gives it to me for Christmas every year and Mabel makes me cookies, a hat, scarf, and mitts. I drink the whiskey, eat the cookies, and even wear the hat and scarf, but the mitts ..." He grimaced and shook his head.

"Mitts not your thing?" Katricia suggested with amusement, but her gaze was on his face as he set down the bottle and touched the tag on the gift bag, turning it so that he could peer at the signature. She couldn't help noting the soft affection of his expression. She'd also noted the emotion in his voice when he'd said Elvi's name. It had been different than when he'd said "Mabel," almost husky and warm and ... and she didn't really like it, Katricia thought grimly.

"No, mitts aren't quite my thing," Teddy acknowledged, letting go of the gift tag to smile at her wryly. "Hard to pull the trigger on a gun with mitts on ... Not that I've even had to pull my gun more than a time or two over the years. Still, I should be prepared to if the occasion arises."

"I suppose," Katricia agreed quietly, taking the glass he now held out. The drink wouldn't affect her. The nanos in her body would prevent any intoxication. For immortals to enjoy that kind of thing even briefly, they had to actually consume the blood of an intoxicated mortal. Not that she wanted to experience intoxication, or thought it might be something enjoyable. Katricia liked to be in control of her faculties. Usually. Although, she thought that just then she might like to experience the effect alcohol had on mortals. She didn't like the jealousy presently coursing through her. It was an emotion she'd never experienced before ... and she didn't feel at all comfortable experiencing it now. So, what did she do about that? Change the subject and try to forget it? Heck no, she downed her whiskey, allowed it a moment to burn its way down her throat and into her stomach, which was already churning with jealousy, and then asked the one thing sure to increase the burning jealousy in her gut. "Tell me about Elvi."

Teddy paused, his own glass halfway to his mouth, and simply stared at her blankly, obviously completely stunned by the question. "I - You - Why?"

"You've mentioned her several times today," Katricia said with a shrug. "Every time Port Henry came up, in fact. As if she's synonymous with the town."

"Well, she's ... I suppose she and Mabel are kind of representative of the town to me," Teddy muttered, looking uncomfortable. "The three of us have been friends since we were kids. I stood up in both their weddings and ..." He shrugged helplessly. "We've been friends a long time."

Her eyes narrowed as she noted the way he was avoiding her eyes. "Why did you never marry?"

"I just never found anyone I loved as mu - Anyone I loved," he corrected himself with a frown.

"You never found anyone you loved, or anyone you loved as much as Elvi?" Katricia asked dryly, not having missed the slip.

Teddy's mouth tightened. "It's getting late. Time for bed," he announced, turning to lift his glass and take a drink. He swallowed heavily and then added, his voice husky from the whiskey, "Grab one of the sleeping bags I brought out earlier. You can have the couch. I'll take the floor."

Katricia stared at him silently for a moment and then simply turned and left the living room to slip into the bathroom. While the fire and several candles had lit up the main room, she hadn't thought to bring a candle with her, and darkness closed around Katricia as soon as she closed the door. But between her night vision and the small bit of moonlight streaming through the window, she could see fine and peered at herself in the mirror, surprised to find her eyes hadn't turned green, after all.

Closing her eyes briefly, she forced herself to take several deep breaths, and reminded herself that Teddy was her life mate. That being the case, whatever he'd felt for Elvi in the past wouldn't matter. It would be nothing next to what he would experience with and feel for her in the future. The nanos were never wrong, and they had put him with her, not Elvi. Feeling herself relax, Katricia opened her eyes and peered at herself in the mirror. A plan began to form in her mind then, on how to begin to turn his attention from Elvi to her, one that brought a slow smile to her lips.

Teddy stared at the closed bathroom door and downed the rest of his whiskey. He usually enjoyed Elvi's gift, but tonight it tasted like ash in his mouth and he hadn't a clue why. Except that, for some reason, he felt incredibly guilty, as if his feelings for Elvi, feelings he'd had since he was a callow youth, were somehow betraying this new and very tentative friendship with Katricia ... which was just stupid. He'd only met her today. And aside from her first flirting, there had been nothing untoward since, not even a hint of flirting from her - or him, for that matter. Instead, they'd seemed to bond, friendship growing between them as they'd played, talked, and worked together as a team.

It was something Teddy had never really experienced before. Oh, he'd had many female friends over the years and had worked toward a common goal with just as many. He'd worked with Mabel to try to find Elvi a mate, had planned and arranged local fairs with Elvi. But he'd never experienced the same level of ease and rightness with either of them as he had with Katricia. They'd seemed to communicate at times without needing to speak, and their working together in the kitchen had been almost like a dance. He felt closer to her after one day than he'd felt with women he'd been lovers with for months. Which was just strange, he decided and shook his head before turning to put the cap back on his whiskey and return it to the gift bag.

The bathroom door opened and Teddy watched silently as Katricia reappeared and grabbed one of the two sleeping bags he'd set on the chair beside the couch earlier. She then moved to the couch, unrolled and laid out the sleeping bag, unzipped it, and crawled inside. She didn't bother to zip it back up, he noted as he took the candle that he'd set on the kitchen counter earlier and headed for the bathroom himself.

The room was damned cold compared to the main room, and Teddy was quick about his ablutions. Within ten minutes he was back, blowing out candles and unrolling his sleeping bag in front of the fireplace. His gaze slid reluctantly to Katricia then, as he wondered if he should have offered her the spot in front of the fire. The couch would be more comfortable, but the floor in front of the fire would be warmer.

Finding her eyes closed, Teddy decided she would probably be warm enough in the sleeping bag and quickly unzipped his and started to get into it. Then, recalling he still wore his flannels under his clothes, and deciding he'd be more comfortable out of his jeans, he quickly shed them and his sweater, folded them neatly, set them aside, then got into his sleeping bag and quickly zipped it closed again. Within moments, his eyes were drifting shut.

Teddy wasn't sure how long he'd been sleeping when a whisper of sound brought his drowsy eyes open again to find Katricia kneeling beside him.

"What's wrong?" he murmured sleepily, trying to wake up fully.

"I'm cold," Katricia whispered. Before he quite knew what was happening, she'd opened the zipper to his sleeping bag and climbed in to join him, adding, "Share your body heat."

"You - I - We - This isn't - " he stammered, but his protests grew weaker with each attempt as her body slid against his inside the sleeping bag.

"I'm old enough to do what I wish. You're an adult, too. We want each other and this definitely is a good idea," she breathed, her body wrapping around his.

Teddy just gaped at her for a moment, stunned that she'd responded correctly to each of his aborted protests as if he'd spoken them aloud rather than stammered helplessly like a schoolboy. By the time he regathered his wits, she was wrapped around him like a warm, tight sleeping bag, her body pressing against his in several key places.

"You read my mind," he muttered, trying by sheer force of will to keep from reacting to her nearness. It seemed his will was weak. He was definitely reacting. Little Teddy had been up and down all day, but was fully up now.

Much to his surprise, Katricia chuckled at his accusation. He didn't understand, and it was hard to care much about what had amused her with her hands sliding around his back and her br**sts and groin nestling up against him. She smelled so damned good, Teddy thought and then heard her say, "I can't read you, Teddy."

Despite his growing distraction, Teddy frowned. "What was that?"

"I said I can't read you," Katricia murmured, pressing a kiss to the bottom of his chin and then licking his throat before letting her lips drift to his cheek and then his ear.

"You can't read me?" Teddy muttered, his brain telling him this was important while the rest of his body was assuring him it really, really wasn't. Damn, she was squeezing his behind as if checking melons for firmness. Fortunately, he walked a lot on the job, making his rounds of the downtown businesses, and he knew he had a firm behind.

"No. I can't," she murmured, nibbling at his ear.

Teddy remained still for a minute. His brain was trying to decipher what that meant while the rest of his body was humming and thoroughly distracted with what she was doing. After a minute, he brought an end to her nibbles and squeezes by rolling her on her back inside the bag. He then rose up slightly to peer down at her face in the firelight. "You can't read me?"

Katricia blinked up at him in surprise in the firelight, and then realization crossed her face. It was followed by wariness and her mouth snapping closed.

"Am I your life mate?" he asked grimly.

Katricia bit her lip and glanced away, then sighed and shook her head and peered back at him. "I think so, yes."

The words took his breath away and Teddy simply gaped at her for a minute, but then asked slowly, "You think so? Or you know so?"

Katricia eyed Teddy for a moment. Marguerite's warning to go slowly was ringing in her head, but she just couldn't. She didn't even want to, and while she'd managed to behave all day, now that he was lying on top of her, his body feeling warm and solid despite it being a dream, and his erection nestled against her groin ... Well, she just couldn't behave anymore. Spreading her legs so that he sank between them, his erection pressing more firmly where she wanted, Katricia let her hands slide over his back and down to his behind again to urge him more fully against her, and said, "I can't read you, haven't been interested in food for centuries before today, or sex for that matter. But I am now ... and we're having a shared dream. Yes, you're my life mate."

Teddy stared at her for a moment, desire battling with a frown on his face, and then he asked, "This is a dream?"

That question really wasn't the reaction she'd expected. She hadn't really been sure what to expect, protestations maybe, the cut-and-run scenario Marguerite had got her worrying about. But this question left her unsure how he was reacting to the news. Biting her lip, Katricia nodded, and then gasped when he suddenly flung aside the top of the unzipped sleeping bag. Katricia's arms instinctively tightened around him to keep him from leaping up or rolling off of her.

But he didn't do either. Instead, Teddy bent his head and rubbed her nose with his, murmuring, "If it's a dream we don't have to worry about getting cold."

"No," she agreed in a whisper, her hold on him easing as he brushed his lips over hers. Katricia was almost sorry she'd loosened her hold when he suddenly shifted off of her, but he was only moving to lie next to her on the sleeping bag, and he continued to kiss her, just toying with her lips, brushing and then nipping at them. Teasing her, she decided and was about to open her mouth and deepen the kiss herself when he suddenly raised his head to peer down her body.

Teddy's eyes widened as he took in the over-large T-shirt that was her only covering, and he plucked at it lightly, one eyebrow rising. "Where did your clothes go?"

"This is what I normally sleep in," she whispered as his hand slid down her side to the outside of her upper thigh where the T-shirt ended.

"I like it," he announced. "Simple and sexy."

Her eyes widened and she bit her lip as his hand slid under the hem to ride up her outer leg to her hip. He watched his hand and wrist disappear under the cloth, and then shifted his gaze to her face and asked, "If this is a dream, why aren't I young and handsome for you?"

"You are young and handsome to me," she said huskily, and reached up to slip one hand around his neck. "I like you just the way you are. I find you sexy just as you are. I want you just as you are."

Teddy's eyes narrowed on hers, searching for the truth in her words and Katricia stared back. He was her life mate, the most beautiful man in the world to her. She didn't have to lie about that and met his gaze, unflinching, until his head lowered and his mouth covered hers. His hand continued upward then, skimming along the side of her waist and then gliding smoothly up to cover one breast under her T-shirt as his tongue thrust into her opening mouth.

Katricia moaned, her body arching as the double assault stirred hot desire to life in her. It raced through her like a forest fire, stronger than anything she'd ever experienced before, and she kissed him back with the desperation suddenly claiming her, her arms slipping around his shoulders and pulling him to half-cover her. She ran her hands over the flannel covering his back, wishing it wasn't there, and suddenly it wasn't, and she was caressing his warm skin, her fingers gliding over shifting muscle.

When Teddy suddenly broke their kiss and removed his hand to pull away, Katricia's heart actually stopped beating briefly and she blurted, "Please don't run."

Teddy had been ducking his head, but paused and raised it to peer at her with surprise. "Run?"

Katricia nodded. "Marguerite warned me that I should let you get to know me better before I told you we were life mates. She said you might be overwhelmed if you knew too soon and might run. I - " She paused when he suddenly pressed a finger to her mouth to silence her.

"Tricia," he said solemnly. "I'm not running. I've seen what life mates can have. I've seen how good it can be between them, and never dreamed I'd be lucky enough to enjoy that. I have no intention of running."

"Oh." She peered at him uncertainly. "When you stopped kissing me, I thought ..."

"You thought wrong," Teddy assured her firmly and then smiled and said, "I stopped kissing you to do this." He then ducked his head again, but this time managed to finish what he'd apparently intended when he'd broken their kiss. His clothes weren't the only thing now gone, her T-shirt was, too, leaving nothing to prevent his mouth closing over the nipple of the breast he'd been fondling.

"Oh," Katricia breathed as he sucked the nipple between his lips. She slid her fingers into his hair and arched into the caress.

He wasn't running. They would be life mates, she thought dazedly, legs shifting restlessly as he drew on her nipple. Christ, she didn't remember anything feeling this good when she'd still enjoyed sex. But then if it had, she probably wouldn't have tired of it, Katricia acknowledged, curling her fingers in his hair as he suckled her. When he let her nipple slip from his mouth and blew on the now-damp bud, she moaned and shifted beneath him, her back arching to invite him back. But instead of reclaiming it with his mouth, he covered it with his hand and kneaded gently as he raised his mouth to claim her lips instead.

Katricia opened to him at once, welcoming his tongue when it slid inside. Her hands then began moving over him, traveling his chest and exploring the wide, hard width. He might be older, but Teddy kept himself in good shape, and she squeezed the muscles of his chest, and then pinched at his n**ples even as he pinched and tweaked hers. They both groaned in response and then Teddy released her breast and moved his hand to her hip to urge her on her side to face him fully before his fingers slid around to find and squeeze one butt cheek. Kneading and massaging the firm flesh, he urged her tighter against him and she felt his hardness against her thigh and then he suddenly released her behind and slipped his hand around between their bodies.

Katricia gave up on his chest and clutched at his shoulders with a gasp as his hand dipped between her legs. Just his one kiss and his brief caress had her so damp his fingers slid silkily against her hot, wet flesh. Katricia sucked on the tongue thrusting into her mouth and raised her leg to wrap it around his hip as she ground herself into his touch. Teddy took advantage of the room she gave him to maneuver and slid a finger inside her even as he continued to caress her with his thumb and Katricia broke their kiss on a cry, her body arching and straining upward. The action even shifted her several inches upward on the sleeping bag, but Teddy's hand simply followed and he lowered his mouth to her breast, laving the small globe, before sucking almost all of it into his mouth.

"Teddy," Katricia moaned. Need was a living thing inside her as she rode his hand, but she wanted his mouth on hers and him inside her, and ... She wanted everything with a need that was almost frightening, and her voice was almost a growl as she pleaded, "Teddy, please. I need you inside me."

He immediately let her breast slip from his lips and shifted up to claim her mouth again, silencing her, but merely continuing to caress her. Moaning, Katricia immediately slid her hand down between them to find the hardness growing between them. But the moment she clasped him in hand, Teddy broke their kiss and stopped caressing her to catch her hand.

"Tricia, you really don't want to do that," he muttered, trying to force her hand away.

"Yes, I do," she assured him, tightening her hold and watching with fascination as his expression tightened along with it.

Groaning, Teddy shook his head and leaned his forehead on hers, muttering, "Sweetheart, I've been half-erect all damned day watching you run around in those damned tights of yours. It wouldn't take much to bring this to a premature end."

"Yoga pants," Katricia murmured, easing her grip a little.

"Huh?" He raised his head to stare at her blankly.

"They're yoga pants, not tights," she explained, nipping at his chin.

"Yoga?" Teddy echoed.

"Hmm." Katricia grinned at his expression and then whispered, "I'm very flexible."

"Damn," Teddy breathed, staring into her face. "This is going to be the poorest showing I've given since I was an eager teenager."

Katricia chuckled at his dismay and released his erection to slide her arms around his chest. "Then we'll just have to do it again and again. We have all night."

She saw his eyes widen, and then took him by surprise and turned him suddenly onto his back so that she could rise up to straddle him, but he was suddenly gone.

Chapter Five

Teddy grunted in pain and blinked his eyes open. He was still in his zipped-up sleeping bag, or mostly, his arm had escaped and he'd turned in his sleep and thumped it against the stone lip of the fireplace. It was the source of the pain radiating up his arm and what had woken him. Grimacing, he pulled the arm back into the sleeping bag and rubbed his wrist with his good hand, his eyes shooting to Katricia. She was still asleep on the couch, but her sleeping bag was undone and half off her.

He wondered briefly what was happening in the dream or if it had stopped with his waking, then tried to settle down to sleep again, eager to get back to it, but now that he was awake he was aware that the room was much colder than it had been when he'd fallen asleep. Frowning, Teddy glanced to the fire to see that it had burned down to embers while they slept. He almost ignored it and went back to sleep anyway, but recalling that Katricia was farther away from the fire and half-uncovered, he reluctantly sat up and then slid from the sleeping bag to feed more logs to the fire. There were only two logs left, he saw with a frown. He hadn't noticed earlier they were running low or he would have fetched in more wood before retiring.

Teddy placed both logs in the fire and poked at them a bit, then straightened and quickly pulled on his jeans and sweater over his flannels. He then started to head over and get his coat, but paused beside the couch long enough to cover up Katricia. Immortals weren't affected by cold like mortals, but they were still affected. The nanos would be using up blood at an accelerated rate to fight the cold and Katricia couldn't afford that. As confident as she'd been that, snow or no snow, her blood delivery would come, it hadn't shown yet.

Katricia stirred sleepily as he tugged the sleeping bag back into place over her, and Teddy paused to peer at her for a moment. The dream was still fresh and clear in his mind, but it suddenly occurred to him to wonder if that wasn't all it had been. Maybe he just wanted to believe they were life mates and it had really just been all his own dream and not a shared one.

The thought was alarming. When she'd said it was a shared dream and they were life mates, he'd been happy to believe it. In fact, he'd eagerly embraced the news, knowing it meant having what both Mabel and Elvi had found: a relationship of earthshaking passion, complete trust, and deep binding friendship and love.

Teddy was too pragmatic to believe he loved Katricia already. It had only been a day, but he was pretty sure he was firmly headed that way. The woman was just ... Well, she was sassy as hell, smart as a whip, and had a killer sense of humor. He'd laughed more today during their snowball fight, card games, and talks than he'd laughed with any woman ever.

She was also sexy as sin. He hadn't been kidding in the dream when he'd said he'd been half-erect all day. Every time he'd looked at her, little Teddy had perked up like a happy dog's ears. And he wouldn't have been surprised to hear his tongue had been hanging out half the day like that same happy dog's tongue. He'd never encountered a female who affected him like she did. Even Elvi.

The admission was a big one for Teddy. He'd been half in love with Ellen "Elvi" Black since he was a boy. No other woman had been able to compare, in his mind. Until now ... and that was why he'd brought such an abrupt end to their conversation when Katricia had asked if he meant he'd never found anyone he loved, or anyone he'd loved as much as Elvi. Because he'd almost admitted, "Until now."

That thought in his head had startled the hell out of Teddy in that moment. But he now realized that, as much as he'd loved Elvi, it seemed to him it had been a young boy's love, a sort of adoration, but without the gritty lust he felt for Katricia. If he'd felt half as hot for Elvi as he did for Katricia, he wouldn't have simply stood by and watched her marry her mortal husband, and then he wouldn't have set out to find her a vampire mate. He'd have been desperate to claim her for his own. Teddy had always thought he'd stood aside for Elvi's sake, that he'd not wanted to stand in the way of her happiness. But the fact of the matter was, he suspected she'd just been an ideal to him. The perfect, untouchable female. He didn't even think he'd wanted her for real. Not like he wanted Katricia, because while he'd stood aside for Elvi, he already knew he couldn't do that with Katricia. He couldn't and wouldn't stand aside for her to find happiness with someone else ... which would be a problem if they weren't really life mates and it had really all just been wishful dreaming on his part.

Sighing, Teddy ran one hand wearily through his hair, then turned and moved into the kitchen to grab his coat and boots. Rather than risk waking Katricia, he took them with him and slid out into the icy vestibule. He pulled the door silently closed before quickly donning them, and then grabbed one of the flashlights and slipped outside.

It had been cold that day, but it was even worse in the dead of night. The snow crunched under foot, the wind hit his face like icy sandpaper, and the moisture in his nose froze before he'd taken half a dozen steps. They definitely needed the wood, he thought grimly, and once he got back inside, he should probably set his watch alarm to go off every couple of hours so he could feed the fire again. In this kind of weather, they could freeze to death if the fire went out. Chances were the cold would wake him, but if it didn't ... well, he didn't even want to think about that.

The tarp crinkled stiffly when he pulled it back to get to the wood it protected. Teddy quickly scooped up as many logs as he could carry and started back toward the cottage. He was nearly to the deck when he spotted light through the leafless trees between the cottage and the lakeshore in front of it. Pausing, he eyed it for a minute, then changed direction and walked around in front of the deck, traveling several feet down the gentle incline to get a better look without the trees in the way.

A slow smile curved Teddy's lips when he was able to see it clearly. A cottage across the lake was lit up like a Christmas tree, light shining from every window. It wasn't the fact that they had power that made him smile, but that there was someone else on the lake. Tomorrow morning he could walk across the frozen lake and ask to use the phone to take care of the power problem if it wasn't already taken care of by then. He might even be able to beg a ride into town for better provisions to get them by until the road was clear and they could drive out.

A loud rustling in the trees behind and to the side of him caught his ear. Teddy stiffened, and then slowly turned his head to peer over his shoulder. He spotted the large, lumbering shape by the shed and recognized it at once as a bear. There were few animals in the woods that size but bears. Seeing one of them at this time of year, though, was a rarity indeed. Bears didn't hibernate, as most people thought, at least not a true hibernation with the metabolic depression and lower body temperature. They actually slept and could be roused. Last night's storm had probably wakened the creature. A tree falling nearby its den or ... Well, it could be anything, but whatever the case, the beast was up and probably hungry.

Teddy didn't panic right away. He was downwind and in the shadow of the trees. The bear wasn't likely to see or smell him and would, no doubt, lumber on his way after a moment or two. He just had to wait out the beast ... and maybe pray the animal didn't lumber in his direction, he thought grimly, and then glanced sharply to the cottage when the door suddenly opened.

"Teddy?" Katricia called, stepping out onto the deck in her coat and boots and peering toward the shed. "Do you need help?"

Panic seized Teddy then. He didn't even think; seeing the bear pause and turn slowly in Katricia's direction, he let all but one of the logs he carried drop and started forward, roaring, "Get back inside!"

Katricia turned his way with surprise, but Teddy's attention was on the bear, who had turned and was now facing them both. The beast hesitated, and for one moment, Teddy had hope that the bear would be scared off by the sudden activity and noise. But it was mid-winter and the animal was hungry enough that noise and motion wouldn't put him off when there was a meal to be had. The bear charged.

"Get inside!" Teddy repeated, raising his log as he ran. He continued to shout as he raced forward, log upraised, making as much noise and trying to make himself as big and threatening as he could. The bear didn't even slow. It was like a game of chicken, but at the last moment, Teddy stepped to the right toward the cottage and swung for the side of the bear's head with all his might. He connected, the impact vibrating up his arms, but he hadn't stepped far enough or fast enough and felt the claws of one paw tear into his chest and stomach. Gasping in pain, he swung again even as he stumbled back against the cottage wall, managing to whack the beast in the snout as the bear turned toward him. The bear roared in pain and fury and rose up on his hind legs. Teddy was pretty sure he was done for when the sudden blast of a gun exploded to his side.

Startled, Teddy turned to find Katricia rushing down the stairs, his gun in hand, and pointing at the air as she loosed another bullet. He stared at her blankly, wondering how she'd got inside, grabbed his gun, and got back so fast, but then recalled immortals had incredible speed. He turned to peer back toward the bear, relieved to see the large back end of the beast disappearing into the trees. Apparently, the combination of his log and the gun was enough to make him decide against pursuing this meal.

"Are you all right?" Katricia was in front of him, the moonlight enough to reveal the concern on her face. "I smell blood. Did he get you?"

Teddy clutched the log in his hands, teeth gritting as he became aware of the burning in his chest, but merely shook his head. "Don't worry about it, I'm fine," he lied and turned away to move slowly toward the logs he'd dropped.

"Teddy, your coat's ripped," Katricia said, following. "Let me see - "

"I'm fine," he growled, waving her away. "We need to get the wood and get inside in case he changes his mind and comes back. You can look at it then."

Katricia hesitated, but then hurried past the stairs and the end of the deck to quickly gather up the logs he'd dropped to go after the bear. Teddy was relieved not to have to do it himself. Now that the panic was over, the adrenaline was beginning to seep out of him and he was starting to feel weak and shaky.

Leaving her to it, he stopped at the stairs and pressed the log he carried to his chest to free his other hand to hold the rail. He started up the four short steps, frowning at how much effort it took. By the last step, it was like climbing Mount Everest, and he was swaying, his hold on the rail the only thing keeping him upright.

"Teddy?" The concern in Katricia's voice made him straighten and force himself to take the two steps to the cottage door. He managed to pull it open and stagger inside. He even made it to the open inner door to the cottage, but then he was suddenly on his knees and slumping against the door frame, both arms now hugging the log to his chest, instinctively pressing it tight against the pain beginning to radiate there.

"Teddy!"

He heard the crash of the wood hitting the vestibule floor behind him and then Katricia was catching him under the arms. The log slipped from his hold and dropped to the floor as she lifted him to his feet from behind and propelled him out of the doorway and inside. The damned woman was practically carrying him like he weighed no more than a child, he thought with disgust as she moved him to a kitchen chair and set him in it. These immortal women could really be hard on a man's ego.

"Let me see." She moved around in front of him and tried to pluck his arms away from his chest, but he merely turned away on the seat with annoyance.

"Get the wood and close the door first. You're letting all the heat out," Teddy muttered.

Cursing, Katricia hurried to do as he said. The moment she did, he sagged back in the chair and let his arms drop away so he could peer down at himself. The only light in the room was the fire in the fireplace. The two logs he'd put on before going outside were now burning merrily, but it didn't really cast much light on the situation this far away. Still, he could make out enough to know he'd taken a serious injury. He could see the wound was long, tearing through his heavy winter coat at the right side of his upper chest and shooting down at a diagonal to his left hip. The animal's claws had shredded through the cloth, insulation, and even the zipper ... and, no doubt, his skin as well. He could see the sheen of blood in the dim light and was now aware of the dampness down his stomach and legs. His jeans were wet with his own blood, and liquid was trickling down his legs. Christ, he was bleeding badly, he thought with concern. And it was beginning to hurt like hell now.

"Let me see." Katricia was there again, turning the whole chair to face her, and this time Teddy didn't try to stop her.

Her reaction on first seeing the wound was a bit alarming. Immortals had better night vision than mortals, and he had no doubt she could see in this light as easily as if it were daylight. The dismay and horror on her face as she bent to look at his chest and stomach wasn't encouraging, and then she was suddenly all activity and curses as she quickly set about removing his coat.

"Why the hell did you do it?"

That frustrated mutter caught his ear as Katricia finished with his coat and started on his sweater, simply ripping the tattered material to the sides.

Opening eyes he hadn't realized he'd closed, Teddy frowned at the top of her head and asked with confusion, "Do what?"

"Attack the damned bear," she snapped, now rending the shredded flannel top of his pajamas open as well.

"I was trying to save you," he muttered, swallowing when he saw that his skin was torn just as the material had been. It looked damned deep, too. Four gouges running diagonally from chest to hip like long ditches in his body.

"I'm immortal. You should have let me handle him," Katricia snapped, suddenly straightening to move to the sink.

"Fine. Next time a bear's around and you come out bellowing like a female moose drawing its attention, I'll let the damned thing eat you," Teddy growled irritably as she returned with a dish towel. When she began to mop at his chest, he winced against the pain and ground out, "Are you sure you want to do that? You're wasting good blood. Maybe you should just lap it up while it's on offer."

When Katricia raised her head and glared at him, Teddy grimaced and then gave a slight shrug, which made him wince again as he said, "It's perfectly good blood and your delivery hasn't arrived yet. Besides, it runs all the way down my legs. Could be fun to have you lick it up. It would certainly distract me from the pain."

When her eyes widened incredulously, he closed his eyes and leaned his head back, muttering, "Ignore me. I think I'm delirious. Must be the aftereffects of that damned dream I had."

"We had," Katricia corrected solemnly and continued to mop at his chest.

Teddy struggled his eyes open and forced his head back up to stare at the top of her head again. "We?"

"It was a shared dream," she said without looking up, her concentration on trying to clean up enough blood to see the wound better, but the blood was still oozing out.

"A shared dream?" he echoed, a slow smile replacing the pain on his expression. "So we are life mates?"

Katricia merely nodded, her concentration on his wound, and Teddy grinned like an idiot for a moment, but then frowned and sighed.

"Well, doesn't that just figure? Turn out to be a life mate and die before I get to enjoy it," he muttered with disgust and then drew in a hissing breath when she gave up trying to clean away the blood and pressed the cloth firmly to his chest and stomach to try to stop the bleeding.

"You're not going to die," she said grimly, pressing harder on the wound. "I'll turn you. It will be fine."

"You need blood for a turn and there isn't any here. You can't turn me," Teddy said gently, and then forcing his head up and eyes open again, he took in the fear on her face and forced a smile. "Don't worry, I'm too ornery and stubborn to die."

Katricia didn't appear much reassured. Teddy supposed it was because his voice seemed to grow weaker with each word and they both knew they were empty anyway. He was pretty sure he was going to die. In fact, he was growing cold, which could be shock, but he suspected was loss of blood. He was bleeding out, Teddy thought, letting his eyes drift closed again.

"Maybe you should put another log on the fire. It's getting cold in here," he muttered wearily just before darkness claimed him.

Chapter Six

Teddy woke up warm in a bed with just a sheet covering him to the waist and a mess of blankets gathered below his feet where he'd kicked them off. This was how he was used to waking up. However, he didn't recognize the room he was in. The light was on, revealing soothing pale blue walls similar to his bedroom at home, but the furnishings were all wrong. The two dressers and bedside tables were all a light wood, the windows were covered by ice-blue blinds instead of his own, darker blue drapes, and the bed he was in was king-size and damned comfortable.

He also wasn't alone in the bed, Teddy noted, peering at the woman lying beside him in bed. Katricia in the overlarge T-shirt she'd been wearing in their shared dream. Even as he peered at her, she murmured sleepily and rolled toward him, flinging her arm over his chest, a chest that didn't have gray hair sprouting out of it, he realized and lifted his head to look himself over. His chest was wide, his pecs defined, his stomach flat and missing the bit of a pot belly he'd gained over the last couple of years as age crept up on him. Now his skin stretched tight over muscle and bone, and a light mat of dark hair had replaced the gray hair on his chest, as well as on his arms ... and his legs, he saw, shifting one out from under the sheet. His arms and legs were also as taut and sculpted, as they'd been when he was younger.

And he wasn't feeling a single ache or pain. Normally, he woke up to a stiffness that settled in while he slept, and it took a bit of time and some moving around for that to pass. He wasn't suffering it now though. In fact, he felt damned good. Full of energy and ... hell, he had a morning stiffy, too. Hadn't had one of those in a while, he thought with a grin.

That was when Teddy realized he was dreaming again. Must have passed out, he thought. He was probably still slouched in the kitchen chair with Katricia working over him, trying to save his life. It couldn't be a shared dream, because while Katricia was wearing the same T-shirt, he'd still been his sixty-four-year-old self, not the strong, healthy specimen he'd been as a soldier. So he had to be having his own dream now.

Either that or he was dead and this was heaven, Teddy supposed. He wouldn't have thought he could have Katricia with him in heaven, since she was probably still alive, but he guessed maybe you got what you wanted in heaven, and if so, this would be it. Katricia and a bed. Teddy was pretty sure that was definitely heaven for him.

The thought made him smile faintly. Just a day ago, he would have said that heaven to him would have been a nice walk through the woods with Elvi, like they used to do as teenagers. What a difference a day could make, he thought wryly and then glanced down to Katricia as she murmured sleepily and shifted her leg along his under the sheet. Her bare leg against his bare leg, he noted with interest. He wasn't the only one interested in this fact. Little Teddy showed his own fascination by perking up as if trying to look around under the sheet.

Teddy lowered the hand that had been resting up by his head and ran it lightly over Katricia's back on top of the T-shirt. The light touch made her sigh and start to roll into it, and he quickly lifted his arm away to keep it from being trapped against the bed as she rolled onto her back. When she then lay still, he eased onto his side and peered at her. She looked sweet and innocent in her sleep, with none of the wicked humor that often peeked out of her expression when she was teasing him. He actually kind of missed that. Teddy liked that streak of naughtiness in her, the sexy smiles, the teasing glint in the eyes as her gaze raked his body, the unapologetic glee in her expression as she hit him with a snowball or trounced him in cards. The uninhibited pleasure she had expressed over the simple fare they'd had to eat, and the pleasure they'd briefly experienced in their shared dream.

Katricia brought the young Teddy out in him, the man who enjoyed life and wasn't so burdened down with responsibilities. He'd grown cynical after years of being a cop, but she made him feel like the world could be a good place. She made him feel alive again ... which was pretty ironic, since he was probably dead, he supposed. But it was hard to care much about that when he was here with her. Whether it was a dream or heaven, he didn't care. He was ready to enjoy it.

Smiling, Teddy plucked at the sheet covering them both from the waist down and drew it slowly away until her bare legs were revealed. He then kicked it off himself as well as he gazed over her. Teddy had noted before that she had an athlete's body, and now found himself unable to resist sliding his hand over the top of her near leg, starting just above the knee and running it up to the hem of her T-shirt where it ended at the top of her thighs.

Katricia breathed out a little sigh and shifted onto her side again, facing him as his fingers drifted over the taut, muscled leg.

She could have been a runner, he thought, moving his hand from the leg that was now closest to the bed and shifting it to rest on her upper leg. He slid it upward to her hip, pushing the T-shirt ahead of it, and his gaze skated over every inch of skin revealed as he continued to push the light cloth upward. It was large and loose, and he'd pushed the cloth up to the underside of her breast before she moaned and rolled onto her back.

Teddy followed, bending over her to claim the far nipple as his fingers pushed the cotton over the mound. He drew it between his lips and suckled at it, his eyes widening incredulously as the action sent pleasure tingling through his own body. It made him suckle harder, and then graze it with his teeth, which just intensified the sensations running through him, and he moaned, vaguely aware of Katricia releasing a sleepy moan of her own.

Releasing her nipple, he lifted his head to peer at her, but she was still asleep. Her mouth was parted now though, and her breathing was shallow. Watching her face, he slid his hand to her breast, covered it, and gently squeezed, then squeezed again before catching the nipple between thumb and forefinger and tweaking it lightly.

Katricia moaned again, her head turning on the pillow, and Teddy had to bite his lip to keep from moaning with her. Damn, he was experiencing her pleasure, he realized. Like a life mate was supposed to be able to do. This had to be heaven, he decided and lowered his head to her other breast and began to minister to it with his mouth as his hand released her first breast and slid down across her stomach to dip between her legs. She was warm and already wet. He wasn't surprised; little Teddy was certainly excited by the sensations coursing through them. The little trooper was already standing at attention, but straightened even more as Teddy slid his fingers over Katricia's damp skin, sending shaft after shaft of pleasure through them both, exciting them further.

Teddy had been with a lot of women in his day and had always considered himself a generous lover, but damn, he hadn't realized just how good he was. It was no damned wonder he'd never wanted for female companionship.

The arrogant thought ran through his head as he let his mouth explore her body, laving and nipping his way from one breast to the other, but he stopped thinking altogether and simply allowed himself to feel and experience as his mouth followed the path his hand had taken and began to lick its way down her stomach.

Katricia woke up gasping for air and making little panting squeaks of sound. Her body was burning up from a fire centered between her legs. For one moment, she simply lay there, staring at the ceiling of the bedroom in her cousin's cottage as wave after wave of passion poured over her, but then she recalled how she'd got there and why and concern pushed enough of the passion aside to allow her to look for Teddy.

She supposed she shouldn't have been surprised to find his head buried between her legs, causing the fire eating her alive; nothing and no one else had made her burn like he did. But Katricia was surprised. She'd sat up with him for more than twenty-four hours as he'd gone through the turn, feeding him bag after bag of blood to get him through it, terrified through most of it that between his age, the injury he'd sustained, and the amount of blood he'd lost he wouldn't survive. When the worst of it was over and he still lived, Katricia had finally allowed herself to sleep, but she'd climbed into bed next to him to be sure he didn't wake up alone and confused. The last thing she'd expected was to find him -

"Oh God," she gasped, her thoughts scattering as Teddy pushed a finger up into her even as he continued with what he was doing. The pleasure that rolled through her then was so overwhelming it was almost terrifying. It was too much. She couldn't -

"Teddy!" Katricia cried, grabbing his hair and tugging almost viciously in her desperation to make him stop. She couldn't catch her breath and felt like she was drowning in the pleasure he was causing. It was slamming through her body and crashing into her brain in repeated, pitiless waves, and then he responded to her tugging, stopped what he was doing, and rose up, moving up her body. But her respite was short-lived, because then he was sliding into her even as his lips claimed hers.

Katricia groaned into his mouth. It had been a long time since anyone had been inside her body and he felt so damned good there. Her arms and legs wrapped around his shoulders and hips, and she held on for dear life as he thrust into her. If she was going to drown, at least she wouldn't go alone, Katricia thought, clinging to him with everything she had, even her lips. Her mouth was almost suctioned to his until he broke their kiss and moved his lips to her ear, muttering, "You smell so damned good."

Katricia merely groaned and nuzzled his ear back, nipping at it as his body pounded into hers. When she felt his teeth sink into her neck, her eyes blinked open with surprise, and then she screamed as a final, redoubled wave of pleasure crashed through her, a tsunami that rolled through her mind, dragging it under to the murky depths.

Katricia woke up some time later and opened her eyes to find herself peering over a blood bag at Justin Bricker's smiling face. Frowning around the bag in her mouth, she half sat up, and then paused to catch the sheet that started to slip off of her nak*d body. Glancing around, she saw Teddy lying on his back next to her, with Anders holding a bag to his mouth as well. He was still unconscious.

"You let him bite you."

Katricia turned to peer at Bricker at that comment. He actually tsked as he said it, and she scowled at him around the bag. She hadn't let Teddy bite her, he'd caught her by surprise. Not that she'd minded. It had been ... well...

"Well, indeed," Bricker said dryly, obviously reading her mind. "But he's new to this and doesn't know when to stop biting. You'll have to explain that it's not good to bite until his turn is done. And then when he does bite, it should be more of a love bite than an actual bite-and-suck. Cripes, he must have taken a quart from you before he lost consciousness. You were both dead to the world when we checked on you and this is the third bag of blood I've given you."

Katricia frowned at this news, and then, realizing the bag was empty, tore it from her mouth and glanced to Teddy again, asking, "Is he all right?"

"He'll be fine. He just needs a couple more bags and he should be good," Bricker said soothingly, handing her another bag. "He's still turning, and taking in your nanos when he bit you ... Well, you know that's not good."

Katricia nodded and slapped the bag of blood to her fangs. Every immortal had a certain number of nanos in their body, the perfect amount to keep them at their peak condition. It was the first things the nanos did on entering a new host: they assessed the situation and began to use up blood to reproduce, while at the same time repairing any life-threatening injury the host might have, and then they started right into the major changes. It was a painful process, and she'd had to watch Teddy writhe and scream for nearly a full night and day as he went through the worst of it.

But Teddy wasn't fully through the turn yet. There were still changes to be made in his body and it would continue for several days or even weeks. During that time, he would need extra blood to sustain the changes ... and adding to that burden wasn't good. That was what Teddy had done by biting her. He'd taken her nanos into his body. Suddenly infusing himself with more of them had forced his own nanos to work extra hard to process them, using extra blood. In the meantime, until eradicated, the extra nanos had been using up blood as well. This wasn't a good thing for any immortal, really, but it was very bad for a new turn still in the process.

As for her, he'd definitely taken an unhealthy amount of blood from her if she'd needed three bags to even regain consciousness. She would have to explain these things to him so he didn't do it again while they were alone. It wouldn't have killed them, but it would have left them incapacitated until someone came along and found them. Fortunately, Bricker and Anders were still here to assist them this time, but -

"He's coming around."

Katricia glanced to Anders at that announcement to see him removing the latest bag from Teddy's mouth. Her gaze slid over Teddy's face, noting that his eyelids were twitching as if his eyes were moving under them.

"It's late. Nearly dawn. Is there anything you want before we retire?" Bricker asked, taking her empty bag from her when she removed it from her teeth.

Katricia shook her head and forced her eyes away from Teddy to offer the two men a smile as they moved to the foot of the bed. "No. Thank you, though."

Bricker nodded and turned to lead the way to the door, saying, "We'll leave the cooler here for now in case you need it again. We'll check with you before we leave at sunset."

Katricia nodded, but her eyes had already returned to Teddy and she heard rather than saw the two men leave the room. The sound of the door closing was what brought Teddy's eyes open. He peered at her blankly for a moment, and then glanced around the room with a moment's confusion before relaxing.

"For a minute I forgot," he admitted wryly, sitting up beside her.

"Forgot what?" Katricia asked uncertainly as he leaned to press a kiss to her shoulder.

"That I was dead," he murmured, following his kiss up with a nip before moving his lips to her ear.

"Dead?" she asked, pulling back with surprise.

"Mmm," he murmured, simply following to continue.

"But Teddy, you're not dead," Katricia said on a half-breathless laugh.

"Yes I am. And this is heaven," he assured her, turning his head to claim her lips now.

For a minute, Katricia simply couldn't speak. It was hard to speak with two tongues in your mouth, but when his hands began to roam over her body, she forced herself to break their kiss and pull back. Her voice firm, she said, "Teddy, you're not dead. This isn't heaven. I - Why would you think this was heaven?" she interrupted herself to ask suddenly.

"You, me, and a bed? It's heaven," he argued, nibbling on her ear again.

"You, me, and a bed, and not you and Elvi?" she asked with surprise.

Teddy pulled back to peer at her with amusement. "Do you see Elvi here? We didn't have that kind of relationship. She was ..." He paused for a moment, as if searching for the words, and then frowned, his gaze sliding to her as he said, "Hey, this is my version of heaven. How come you get to ruin it with talk?"

"Because it isn't heaven," Katricia said firmly. "Now finish what you were saying. What was Elvi to you?"

He scowled at the question, his silver-gray eyes flashing with irritation, and then sighed and dropped back in the bed. "Fine. Elvi was ... well she was kind of the ideal woman. The good girl, the good wife, the good mother. She was ... good," Teddy finished helplessly, and then grimaced and added dryly, "Probably still is I guess. I'm the one who's dead."

"You're not dead," Katricia repeated, but her words were distracted, her thoughts on what he'd just said. "So, she was good. Kind of like a Madonna figure to you? Not - "

"Not a real woman like you," he interrupted, sitting up impatiently. "Now can we get back to my heaven?"

"No, wait," she said, pulling back when he reached for her again. "What's a real woman to you?"

Teddy sighed with resignation. "Someone who fires your blood, challenges your mind, keeps you on your toes, and has your back. A partner in every sense of the word."

"And you think I'm that? Already?" Katricia asked with surprise.

"I know you are," he said simply and when she just stared at him, he shook his head and said, "Who scared the bear off when I was battling him?"

"Me," she said with a frown.

"Another woman would have run inside and watched through the window while I took care of business. But you had my back and you used your brain to do it," Teddy pointed out with a nod, and then asked, "Who brained me with a snowball, and then smacked me with a dish towel and splashed me with water while we were doing dishes and just basically took every opportunity to have at me in a playful manner?"

"Ah," Katricia murmured, biting her lip guiltily.

"You keep me on my toes," Teddy said with a grin for her discomfort. "You have a sharp mind and are quick with comebacks. I don't know how many times today you won debates let alone card games."

"And I fire your blood," she whispered.

He nodded solemnly. "Yes, ma'am, you surely do. Little Teddy's been doing calisthenics all day since meeting you and he hasn't been this active in a very long time. Now, can we stop all this touchy-feely talking stuff and give him the workout he's begging for?"

"Begging for?" Katricia asked with husky amusement.

"Yes, begging, and if you don't mind my saying so I don't think I should have to beg in heaven."

"Teddy," she said with exasperation, clasping his face in both hands. "You are not dead. I turned you."

He stared at her for a full moment, expression blank, and then blinked and asked, "Turned me?"

She nodded apologetically and rushed out, "I know I should have asked you first, but you were dying. I couldn't let that happen. And your only protest when I brought it up was blood, so I turned you."

His eyebrows rose, and then he pulled his face free of her hands and glanced around. "But this room. It's not - "

"This is the master bedroom of Decker's cottage. The cottage next door to yours," she added in explanation. "It's my cousin, Decker's. Bricker and Anders helped me bring you here after the turn."

"Bricker and Anders?" Teddy asked with a frown. "I know Anders. He's an enforcer. But who's Bricker?"

"Bricker's an enforcer, too," she explained and then added, "When you passed out I called Aunt Marguerite. I was in a panic. You were dying and I needed to turn you, but the blood hadn't arrived yet. Fortunately, the blood courier arrived on snowmobile with the blood, gas, and food while I was talking to her. I turned you and he helped me strap you to the kitchen table to keep you from hurting yourself and then stayed to help watch over you until Bricker and Anders arrived. Lucian sent them up. Marguerite called him as soon as I hung up, and he arranged for them to bring more blood, men to clear the trees away, and a snow mover to clear the road so that the men could work on the power lines."

"The power's on," Teddy said with realization, lifting his gaze to the light on overhead.

Katricia nodded. "It was on by the time the worst of your turn was over. In both cottages."

"Then why bring me?" he asked with a frown.

"Because this one has the generator and there's gas now. Another storm is supposed to hit tonight. If the power goes out again, we'll still be good here."

"Smart," he murmured, smiling at her.

Katricia smiled back. "I thought so."

Teddy reached up to caress her cheek, but paused when he saw his hand. He released her and turned it over in front of his face, inspecting it. "No wrinkles, no liver spots."

"You're at your peak," Katricia said gently. "Your body is that of a twenty-five-year-old."

He nodded absently, his gaze dropping to his chest and legs, and then he glanced around the room until his gaze landed on the dresser mirror. He stared at their reflection silently and she turned to look, too, seeing the two of them reflected side by side on the bed, a young-looking blond woman and an equally young-looking dark-haired male. She was startled though when he suddenly lunged off the bed and walked over to stand in front of the mirror, then leaned in to look more closely at his face.

Katricia hesitated, then followed, shifting off the bed to walk up behind him.

"Christ, I haven't seen this guy looking back at me from the mirror in decades," Teddy muttered, running one hand over the dark stubble on his cheeks and leaning in closer to examine his eyes. "My eyes are silver."

"They were gray before the turn, they're silver-gray now," Katricia murmured, sliding her arms around his waist from behind as he straightened.

"My hair's fuller again, too," Teddy murmured, covering her hands with his, then pulling them apart to use one to tug her around in front of him. She thought he meant to pull her into his arms, but he turned her so her back was to him, and then slid his own arms around her waist to hold her in place in front of him so they could peer at their reflections. She was peering at his face, but could see his eyes moving down on the mirror traveling over her body in the reflection.

"I like your body," he said suddenly.

Katricia actually felt herself blush, saw it, too, and found it rather surprising. She'd thought herself well beyond blushing by now. She'd also thought she didn't have any body issues, but suddenly blurted, "My br**sts are small."

His hands left her waist to travel up and close over the small globes and he growled, "They're perfect."

Katricia arched slightly at his touch, her body grinding against the growing hardness pressing against her bottom as he squeezed and kneaded her br**sts, and then he concentrated on the n**ples, running his fingers over the stiffening tips before catching and squeezing them gently.

"I love the sounds you make," Teddy muttered, lowering his head to kiss her neck.

Katricia blinked open eyes she hadn't realized she'd closed and gasped, "What sounds?"

In response, Teddy let one hand drop away from her breast to slide down between her legs and Katricia gasped, then groaned and pressed harder back against him as he began to caress her there.

"Those sounds," he whispered, licking her neck.

Feeling his fangs scrape her skin, she moaned, "No biting."

"Hmm?" he asked, slipping one finger inside her.

"No biting," Katricia gasped out, covering his hand with hers and managing, "It's - It's just bad for you. I'll explain why later."

"No biting," Teddy agreed, and then suddenly retrieved his hand from between her legs to scoop her up and carry her to the bed. He set her down on it, but didn't immediately follow her down. Instead, he caught one foot and raised it to press a kiss to her instep. He then nipped at it, his other hand sliding up her calf to rest behind her knee. "I like your legs too. They're strong and shapely."

"Oh," Katricia said breathlessly as his lips followed the path his hand had, sliding up the side of her calf. She gasped and writhed a little when he then dipped his head to lick at the back of her knee.

"You like that," Teddy growled and licked at the crease again, making her writhe some more. Smiling, he slowly let her leg lower, only to raise the other. "This shared-pleasure business is the bomb, as the kids back home would say."

Katricia gave a breathless laugh, but bit her lip as he licked behind that knee as well, sending up a whole new flutter of pleasure through her.

"What else do you like?" he asked, arching his eyebrow in question and letting the fingers of one hand skate along her thigh.

"Come here and I'll tell you," she whispered, holding up her hands.

Teddy hesitated, but then set her leg back down and climbed on the bed, crawling up between her legs. He slowed as his face drew level with the apex of her thighs, but she caught his arms and urged him to continue up until he knelt on all fours over her, with his knees between her legs and his hands bracing him on either side of her shoulders.

"Tell me what you like," he whispered, bending his head and ducking slightly to lick teasingly at the nipple of one breast.

"I like you," Katricia said simply, and then swept her leg against his knees, and raised her hand to push on his one shoulder, knocking him off balance. He fell to the bed beside her with a startled "oomph" and she immediately rolled and then rose up to straddle him. Katricia came to rest with his manhood pressed flat to his stomach beneath her and grinned wickedly at his surprised expression as she challenged, "What do you like?"

Teddy smiled, then caught her at the h*ps and slid her forward along his length and back, caressing them both with the move. "I like whipped cream."

Katricia blinked in confusion, her hands reaching to clasp his arms to steady herself as he slid her along his body again. Gasping at the pleasure shooting through her, she asked uncertainly, "Whipped cream?"

"Mmm." He raised one hand to caress a breast, adding, "I'd like to spread it all over your body and lick it off." Teddy then grinned and added, "Don't need to worry about my high cholesterol now."

Katricia laughed breathlessly, and arched into his touch, sliding herself over the hardness she rested on. But her amusement faded quickly, and she groaned when his other hand slid between them for a more targeted caress. She closed her eyes briefly as he touched her, but then lifted herself slightly and reached down to guide him into her before settling back down with a long groan that he echoed.

"Christ, Katricia, you feel so damned good," Teddy growled as he was buried inside her to the hilt.

"So do you," she breathed, raising and lowering herself again, and then he released her br**sts and gave up caressing her to catch her by the arms and drag her down to claim her mouth. Katricia kissed him back, her h*ps still moving on him, her n**ples tightening even further as they brushed across the coarse hairs of his chest, and then he rolled them both, coming out on top. Teddy broke their kiss then and rose up slightly, his hand reaching for her one leg. Catching her behind the calf, he lifted it and brought it in front of him so that her ankle was by his face, then held on to her thigh and kissed her instep as he continued to thrust into her, pounding into her with a need that was almost violent.

Katricia immediately wrapped her other leg around his h*ps to help, and then grabbed the bedsheets and tore at them as he drove them both the few short steps needed before satisfaction and unconsciousness claimed them.

Chapter Seven

Teddy woke up to find Katricia curled up against him, her head nestled on his chest and eyes open as she drew invisible little figures on his stomach with the tip of her finger. He didn't know how she knew he was awake, but a heartbeat after he opened his eyes she stopped skin-sketching and tilted her head to peer up at him.

"Hello," she whispered, smiling.

"Hello," Teddy murmured and slid his arms around to catch her shoulders and pull her up for a kiss, but paused as he became aware of a bad taste in his mouth. Morning breath ... or afternoon or evening breath. He wasn't sure which, since he had no idea what time it was. Whatever kind of breath it was it was bad, he decided with a grimace, and rather than use his hold on her to pull her up for a kiss, he used it to set her aside and quickly sat up and slid out of bed.

"Did you bring my stuff over?" he asked, but spotted his suitcase on the floor beside the dresser even as he asked the question, and moved to it.

"What are you doing?" Katricia asked.

Teddy glanced over to see her sitting up, watching him as he opened the suitcase. He turned back to dig through it, answering, "Looking for my toothbrush and toothpaste so I can clean my teeth and then kiss you."

Katricia chuckled and he heard the rustle of her standing up, and then her legs appeared beside him. The sight of them made him pause so he could peer at them admiringly.

"You have legs like a young colt," he murmured, one hand instinctively moving to slide up the smooth skin of one inner thigh. Katricia shifted toward him then, her thighs parting a little, and Teddy leaned forward to press a kiss to the soft, fair hair between her legs. When she sighed, her fingers sliding into his hair, he started to urge her legs farther apart and angled his head to dip between them, but caught himself at the last minute.

"Toothbrush," he muttered, turning away to continue his search. She might not care if he had bad breath while kissing her there, but eventually he'd want to kiss her lips and she'd mind then. Honestly, it tasted like something had crawled into his mouth while he was sleeping and died there.

"I put it in the side pocket when I fetched it from the bathroom at the other cottage," Katricia said helpfully, bending to retrieve it for him. The action put her breast right in front of his face and Teddy couldn't resist leaning forward to catch the nipple in his mouth.

Katricia stilled and moaned at the caress, her hand gliding into his hair again, and Teddy turned, catching her arms to take her with him and then urged her to squat before him so that she didn't have to stay bent over. The position left her on her toes with her bent knees on either side of his legs and Teddy couldn't resist reaching to caress what she'd unavoidably opened to him. His caress brought a deep groan from Katricia. When she teetered on her toes, he slid his other hand around to hold her by the behind and help her keep her balance as he caressed her, then let the first breast slip from his mouth to move to the other, muttering, "I can see I'm not going to get much done for a while with you around."

"How long is your vacation before you have to return to Port Henry?" Katricia asked breathlessly as he claimed and began to lave the other nipple. The question made Teddy freeze.

Frowning now, he pulled back and muttered, "Forever, I guess."

Katricia blinked in confusion. "What?"

A bit distressed at the realization that had just struck him, Teddy shook his head, took the toothbrush and toothpaste she'd retrieved and still clutched in hand, then got to his feet, urging her up with him.

"I need to brush my teeth," he said distractedly and moved around her, only to pause uncertainly. He had no idea where the bathroom was. His gaze slid around the room. There were three doors in the room, one was a set of double doors, obviously the closet, but there were two other doors along one wall, one on either end. One, no doubt, led to the rest of the house, but the other might be a bathroom, he thought and tried the door on the right, relieved when it opened up into an en suite bathroom. He found the light switch, flipped it on, and then moved into the room. His gaze landed on the shower as he moved in front of the sink and he decided a shower was probably a good idea, too.

Teddy opened the toothpaste, squirted some onto his toothbrush, and was brushing his teeth when Katricia followed him into the room. She waited patiently as he brushed his teeth and tongue and rinsed. But when he turned off the tap and moved to the shower to turn on the taps, she asked, "Teddy? What do you mean forever?"

"I mean I can hardly go back as I am," he said quietly, adjusting the taps until he had the temperature where he wanted it. Stepping into the shower then, Teddy caught her hand and tugged her under the spray with him, adding, "It would be a little hard to explain my suddenly youthful appearance."

The realization was a rather distressing one to him. He'd expected he'd have another year as police chief of Port Henry and then he'd retire to live out the rest of his days in the small town where he'd been born, raised, and lived most of his life.

"But why?" Katricia asked with true bewilderment as he picked up the soap and began to rub it between his hands to create lather. "I mean I thought the people in Port Henry knew about our kind?"

Her words ended on a gasp as he began to run his soapy hands over her body. Teddy smiled faintly at how her n**ples immediately pebbled up and her breathing became rapid and shallow at the simple touch. This life-mate business was some pretty powerful mojo. The worst lover in the world would be a star with this backing him, he thought. Fortunately, he was nowhere near a bad lover. At least he didn't think he was. He could be wrong, of course, Teddy acknowledged, finishing with her chest and letting his hands move down over her stomach before one slid around to her behind while the other slipped between her legs. He didn't dally there long. Touching her was exciting both of them and he had no desire to pass out in the shower.

"Teddy," she said, framing his face with her hands when he withdrew his hands to grab the soap again. "Don't the people in Port Henry know? I thought they did."

Sighing, he quickly built up more lather and began to wash himself as he admitted, "Some people in Port Henry do know. Some don't. The ones who know would be all right, but as police chief I serve all of them. I couldn't keep this a secret."

They both fell silent then. He was busy soaping himself up now and Katricia had picked up the shampoo to wash her hair. Teddy had no idea what she was thinking, but he was thinking he didn't have a damned clue what he was supposed to do now. He'd been a cop most of his life and police chief of Port Henry for almost half his life. It had been a nice steady paycheck and he'd socked money away for his retirement, but not enough to carry them through several centuries or even a millennia or two. Besides, he liked working. He liked having a reason to get up in the morning and - His thoughts died abruptly as he realized he'd have to avoid getting up in the morning from now on. Immortals avoided the sun, as a rule ... well, except in the winter, when they were all bundled up against it, he thought as he poured some shampoo into his own hand to wash his hair and watched Katricia rinse hers.

"But you love that job," Katricia said suddenly as she finished rinsing off and moved out of the spray.

"I do. But I'll find something else I love," Teddy said quietly as he switched places with her to rinse the soap from his own hair and body. Then he closed his eyes and let the water rinse the soap away. He wished it could as easily rinse away the sudden depression settling over him. He was grateful as hell to be a life mate, to have a chance at all the joy and happiness Katricia and he could have together, but suddenly finding himself unemployed was a bit distressing.

Teddy heard the shower door open and close and knew Katricia had left the glass enclosure. Somehow it felt as cold and depressing as his thoughts, without her in there. Sighing, he turned and shut off the taps.

"You might not have to find something else," Katricia said quietly, handing him a towel as he stepped out.

Teddy took the towel, but then simply held it and watched her dry herself with her own. "How's that?"

"There's a way you can still be police chief of Port Henry," she said, running the terry cloth briskly over her body, and then she bit her lip briefly before saying, "But to keep it, Teddy Brunswick might have to have a heart attack and die on his Christmas vacation up north."

Teddy was so startled he dropped the towel he was holding. Eyes wide, he asked, "What?"

"Teddy Brunswick would have to die and you'd have to return with a different name," Katricia said, pausing to peer at him solemnly.

He stared back silently, considering the suggestion, but then shook his head. "I couldn't just walk in and take over the job under a new name, Katricia. There are hiring processes and paperwork and I don't have any I.D. except my own, which says I'm sixty-four, and - "

"Lucian would see to it," she interrupted quietly, beginning to dry him off now. "We have people who take care of this kind of thing, Teddy. You could be supplied with new I.D. and the appropriate background. Then a little mind-control here and a little finessing there and voila, you could be Teddy Argeneau, the new, young police chief of Port Henry."

"Teddy Argeneau, huh?" he asked with amusement, tugging the towel from her hand and dropping it on the floor as he pulled her against him.

"Or Teddy Smith or Johnson, or even John Hancock," she said, leaning against him and wrapping her arms around his shoulders. "Whatever you want. I just like Teddy because it's how I think of you now, and I picked Argeneau because it's my name. We could switch back and forth between Argeneau and Brunswick over the decades, or choose another name altogether. I don't care. But you could keep the job you love."

"But won't people recognize it's me?" he asked quietly.

"The ones who know about immortals will, and can be told the truth. But the ones who don't know won't recognize you. People see what they expect to see, Teddy," she said solemnly. "And they won't expect to see Teddy Brunswick, forty years younger."

"Hmm." He smiled, his body relaxing, and then bent to nuzzle the side of her neck. "I could have you and the job I love, too, in the town I love. Nice."

Katricia smiled and pulled from his arms, then caught his hand and led him back into the bedroom and straight to the bed. She let go of him then and started to crawl onto it, but stopped and glanced over her shoulder with a yelp of surprise at a sharp nip on her behind. Her eyes widened incredulously when she saw Teddy straightening from biting her butt cheek.

"I've wanted to do that ever since first seeing you in those damned leotards of yours," he admitted with a grin, one hand at her waist to hold her in place as he used his other hand to rub the spot soothingly.

"Yoga pants," Katricia corrected with an arched eyebrow, but his biting her reminded her that he would still need a lot of blood, and she shifted and turned at the same time, escaping his hold to sit on her behind and slide to the edge of the bed. "You probably need more blood about now. We should feed."

Teddy grimaced at the thought and stepped between her legs to prevent her from getting up. "Later. I have other, more pressing hungers right now," he assured her, and pressed the proof of those hungers against her.

Katricia wiggled against his hardness, but avoided his mouth when he tried to kiss her. Managing to catch him by surprise, she pushed him away to slip off the bed.

"I forgot to brush my teeth," she announced, moving to the cooler to retrieve a bag of blood. Tossing it to him, Katricia then turned and skipped quickly into the bathroom.

Her toothbrush was there beside the sink where she'd placed it the day she'd arrived, and she'd squirted toothpaste on it and begun to brush her teeth when Teddy suddenly appeared behind her in the bathroom mirror, the bag of blood still in his hand.

"I don't know how to ... er ... well, my fangs don't seem to want to - Do I have fangs?" he finished with a frown.

A strand of dark hair had flopped onto his forehead and he looked so bewildered and heartbreakingly young that Katricia smiled around her toothbrush, but merely nodded and quickly finished brushing and then rinsed. She then turned to face him.

"There are two ways to bring them on until you learn to control your fangs," she announced.

"How's that?" Teddy asked warily.

"I could bite or cut myself or you. The smell of blood will usually bring them on," she explained, but he grimaced at the suggestion.

"I'd rather you didn't hurt yourself or me. What's the other way?" he asked.

Katricia hesitated, but then decided it would be more fun to show him than to explain and simply dropped to her knees in front of him.

"What - ?" he began with surprise, and then sucked in a hissing breath as she took little Teddy in hand.

"Excitement will bring on your fangs, too," she said with a grin, and then took no-longer-so-little Teddy into her mouth to show him.

Katricia opened her eyes to find Teddy leaning over her, simply staring down at her face. She smiled uncertainly up at him and whispered, "Hi."

"Hi yourself," he said with a grin, but when she reached for his head, he caught her hand and asked, "How old are you?"

Katricia stilled and blinked, but answered solemnly, "I was born in 411 AD."

She then waited nervously for his reaction, worried about how he'd take that news, but he considered it for a minute, then smiled and said, "Sweet sixteen, this year, huh?"

"Sixteen centuries," she agreed with amusement.

Teddy grinned and bent to kiss her lightly, then murmured, "Don't worry, you don't look a day over fifteen centuries."

Katricia gasped at the words, then swatted his arm and rolled him onto his back. She came up on top of him scowling, and began to poke him in the stomach and ribs, but he just chuckled and caught her wrists. Holding on to them, he tugged her down until her br**sts rested against his chest and he could reach her lips. Then he kissed her passionately, his h*ps moving under her so that she felt the hardness pressing against her.

By the time he broke the kiss, they were both breathing heavily, so Katricia was a little surprised when he nibbled at her ear briefly before asking, "When is your birthday?"

"December twenty-fifth," she answered breathlessly, and then gasped in surprise when he suddenly rolled her off of him and rose up over her.

"Christmas Day?" Teddy asked with dismay.

Katricia nodded uncertainly. "Yes."

"Damn."

Much to her amazement, he was suddenly off the bed. Katricia sat up and stared at him where he'd gone to rifle through his suitcase. When he retrieved a pair of jeans and began to drag them on, she frowned and asked with confusion, "What are you doing?"

"Getting dressed," he said, doing up his jeans and frowning when he found them a little loose. Shaking his head, he dug out a sweater next and asked, "Those fellows who came to help out didn't happen to clean off my pickup, did they?"

"Teddy - "

"It doesn't matter. If they didn't, I'll clear away the snow myself. What are you doing?" he asked, pausing to frown at her where she still sat on the bed. "Get up. Get dressed. We have to go to town. You - " He stopped and blinked several times, then shook his head. "On second thought, don't. It's better if you wait here anyway. I won't be long."

"Teddy," she said with exasperation as he hurried for the door to the hall. She started to slide off the bed, but paused when he swung back halfway there. He wasn't responding to her voice, however, he simply rushed back to his suitcase for socks. Straightening with them in hand, he turned back the way he'd come.

"Teddy!" Katricia bellowed, getting off the bed as he started for the door again. "Dammit will you - "

The words died in her throat as he suddenly changed direction, heading for her instead of the door. He stopped in front of her, caught her upper arms, and pulled her up on her toes for a quick but very hard and thorough kiss. Then smiled wryly as he released her. "Sorry. Forgot. I won't be long."

Katricia blinked and simply stared as he turned and hurried out of the room. The stupid man thought she'd wanted a kiss good-bye. Which she would have wanted had he been going anywhere, but he wasn't going anywhere. She had no doubt he would realize that as soon as he ran into Bricker and Anders, but sighed and moved to the closet to retrieve her robe and don it before following him out of the room just in case the guys were still sleeping.

The house was silent as she moved out into the hall, and Katricia could see the door to the room at the far end of the hall was open, revealing a stripped bed. The door next to it was open as well, but didn't face in her direction. Still, she didn't doubt that bed would be stripped, too. Bricker and Anders were up and would stop Teddy, she thought with relief but continued on anyway.

The setup here was similar to Teddy's cottage, but bigger and arranged the opposite way. She stepped out of the hall into a large room with the right side an open living area separated from the kitchen and dining room on the left by a long counter. Her eyes landed on the twinkling lights of a large Christmas tree in front of the windows on the living-room side, and she stared at it for a moment, a slow smile spreading her lips. Bricker and Anders must have set it up. It hadn't been there before. They hadn't done a half-bad job decorating it, Katricia decided and then glanced toward the kitchen, spotting Teddy at once. He stood in front of the refrigerator, reading a note stuck to the metal front of it with a magnet.

"What does it say?" she asked, moving around the counter to join him.

"Woke early and decided to head back to T.O. Hoping to make it in time for Christmas dinner with Mortimer, Sam, and her sisters. Little elves peeled potatoes and turnip, stuffed the turkey, and popped it in the oven for you. Merry Christmas, your favorite elves J.B. and A.," Teddy read with bewilderment and then glanced to the stove and muttered, "I can smell the turkey. It must be nearly done."

He moved over to open the oven door and frowned when he saw the browning bird inside. The smell was heavenly, to Katricia's mind, but it just made Teddy frown harder. Slamming the door closed, he straightened. "Where did the turkey come from? And why the hell would they put it on a day early?"

"The blood courier brought the turkey and a bunch of other food," Katricia explained. "He had a trailer on the back of the snowmobile with that, the gas, the blood, and another snowmobile for us to use. But Bricker and Anders brought desserts and more food with the extra blood they brought up."

"Well, that was nice," he said grudgingly, and then asked with irritation, "But why the hell would they put it on today?"

"Because today is Christmas," she said gently, and when he glanced to her with horror, Katricia sighed and moved to slip her arms around his waist, explaining, "You were out for more than twenty-four hours, Teddy. It's Christmas Day. Well ..." She smiled wryly as her gaze slid to the windows that made up the front wall of the cottage and she saw the darkness outside. "It's Christmas night now, I guess."

"Damn." Teddy sighed and slid his arms around her, his chin coming to rest on the top of her head. He hugged her tightly and then simply held her and muttered, "I'm sorry."

"For what?" she asked, pulling back to peer at him with surprise.

"I don't have a Christmas gift for you, or a birthday gift," he said sadly, and then shifted with frustration and muttered, "You've given me so much, I wanted to - "

"It's okay. I don't have anything for you, either," Katricia said soothingly.

Teddy stopped and peered at her with surprise. Then he snorted with disbelief. "You're kidding, right? Sweetheart, you've given me everything. You saved my life and much much more. You've given me a body that's young and healthy with not a single old-age ache or pain. And you've given me a smart, sexy woman for the rest of my days, not to mention a second chance at life."

"A second chance at life?" she echoed with surprise.

"I never married or had kids as a mortal, Katricia. Now I can. With you," he pointed out and then smiled crookedly and added, "And there won't be any more charity Christmases. I'll be spending them with you and our child when we have one."

She had no idea what a charity Christmas was, but was distracted by the other thing he'd said. "Our child."

"Yes ... well, if you want kids," Teddy said uncertainly. "I do, but if you don't, we can - "

"I do," Katricia interrupted quickly and smiled when Teddy relaxed and grinned. She did want children. It just hadn't occurred to her until he'd mentioned them. She'd been too busy marveling over having a life mate to have moved on to the children part. But she did want them. Just maybe not for twenty years or so. Katricia figured in twenty years she should be used to having a life mate and not be trying to drag him off to the bedroom every five minutes. Maybe. She was certainly fighting the urge to do so now.

"I wish I had a gift for you. A whole passel of them for your birthday and Christmas both."

That fretful mutter from Teddy drew her attention to his unhappy expression, and she tightened her arms around him briefly.

"Teddy, you are a gift," she said solemnly. "I've been alive a long time and was starting to suffer the dark thoughts and depression that often lead to going rogue. But that's all gone now that I've found you." She leaned back and smiled. "You're a life mate. That's the gift every immortal prays they'll find under their tree at Christmas."

He peered at her silently for a moment and then his gaze slid past her and his eyes began to glow. Still looking past her, he asked, "With or without a bow?"

"What?" she asked with confusion and then gasped when he scooped her up into his arms.

"Did you want your life mate under that tree with or without a bow?" he asked, carrying her around the kitchen counter into the living-room area.

"Without," Katricia said with a laugh as she saw he was carrying her toward the Christmas tree. He set her on her feet once they reached the tree and immediately undid her robe, but when he reached for the lapels to remove it, she stopped him by clasping his face in both hands. When he raised his eyebrows and met her gaze in question, Katricia said solemnly, "You really are a gift, Teddy Brunswick. The best gift of all, one that promises many, many Merry Christmases and Happy Birthdays to come."

"For both of us," he vowed, and then bent his head to kiss her as his hands pushed the robe off her shoulders.<br/>

