Preface

The path of destiny pulls you forward. It exhumes you from a state of being and propels you towards the juncture you were created for. A new frontier that you are forced to tread with a cross on your back, heavy as a boulder. When you fall to your knees at the hands of your betrayer, you can only hope to find the one sent to carry your burden- shoulder the journey towards your final punishment.

Sometimes duplicity and treason are markers of the enemy, and sometimes, the failed intention of a masterful ally. But, nevertheless, as they burden you with a vexing brand of love, they become nothing more than the kiss of Judas, pressing a crown of thorns into your flesh. Seemingly without reason-vastly disappointing.

Although I am submerged in violent waters, I will rise above. My enemies, my friends, are incapable of derailing me from destiny's design. So, I press forward-move-rely on the hope of the future-create the possible out of the impossible as I weave into life's grand tapestry.

I believe in the things that wait for me-my enemies, my friends-most of all love.

It is the finish line I hunger for, the promise of love in all of its glory.

I can endure all things in the holy name of love.

And I will.

Chapter One

Betrayed

Logan tips his hand above his shoulder, as Demetri lays a dagger on his palm. He grips the handle, never breaking our gaze, and gives a light swing in my direction.

"I'll need you to lie down for me." Logan's lips curve into the slightest impression of a smile. "Welcome to the sacrifice, Skyla," Logan gleams under the newfound evil glaze that coats him from the inside. A gentle pewter blade lies in his hand and points accusingly in my direction.

The sky boils with blackened clouds, a flash of lightning illuminates the circle of hooded creatures. They hover around a large granite stone that sits pale and thirsty in a dead clearing. A dark blotch in the center of the outstretched rock testifies that it desires to quench itself with my blood.

A tall man with boxy shoulders steps forward, his features are hardly discernable from the shadows endowed by his cape. Demetri. I want to see the coward's face.

I take a bold step towards him and snatch off his hood.

A man with dark olive skin, hooked nose, eyes like half moons stare back at me. He gives a dazzling smile that expels a volume of light as his black hair glints from the barely-there moon.

"So nice to meet you," he growls.

His eyes close part way as though he were trying to seduce me, and I reciprocate with a hard slap across his smug expression.

A sharp collective gasp emits from the crowd.

I make eye contact with each of the Counts gathered around the unnaturally flat stone. I want them to know I see them-that I'm documenting their faces, whether I recognize them or not.

Demetri steps closer. Logan tries to insert himself between us, but Demetri raises a gloved hand, and Logan freezes like a well-trained dog.

"Are you going to kill me like you killed my father?" I say it loud enough for all to hear.

"I'm not quite sure." His dark eyes shoot over to Logan. "You choose this for the blood bond?"

"I do."

I don't recognize Logan's voice anymore. Everything about him is foreign to me. I can't look at him, or I might break-break him-kill him by way of gouging out his throat like I did Holden Kragger.

"Gather," Demetri instructs, the mass of humanity disperses around the stone, and Brielle lands at my side.

"I had a goat behind the quarry," she says to Logan as though I weren't even present. She picks up my hand and flashes it over to him. "Cut here," her finger draws a line up my forearm.

"Wrong arm," Logan says, gently lifting the other. "That one belonged to Chloe."

I take my hands back and shoot a look of vengeance at the two of them.

"I will kill both of you if you so much as touch me again," I seethe.

"Sorry." Brielle's fingers fly to her lips as she jumps back in line next to Chloe.

Logan snatches up my hand, low by his thigh, imprisoning my fingers with a tight squeeze.

Forgive me, Skyla.

"I will never forgive you!"

A slow peal of thunder drums up above. A light drizzle sets in. Demetri steps before me, pulls on his hood with one swift tug.

An unseasonably warm breeze picks up, ushering in a strange fog with the slightest tint of blue. It coats the inside of my mouth, my nose, thick as oil.

"Lie down." Demetri adjusts his long leather gloves, doesn't bother to look up when he says it.

I don't move. There is no way in hell I'm going to comply. I'll have to kill them all if I want to get away. And I'll have to start with Logan.

"Take her," he says.

Pierce Kragger appears like an apparition. He picks me up so quick-I'm stunned by the velocity.

How Logan can stand by and supervise as Pierce touches me, after everything he's done, leaves me slacked jawed-affirms the fact that he has evil coursing through his veins.

I try to fight him, but Pierce lays me flat on the stone, dead center, and hops off. My bones feel as though they're made of lead-heavy and unmovable, and for a moment I wonder if I've been drugged. A strong wind picks up, much cooler than the tropical fog that floats in our midst. Something quivers beneath me. The stone ignites and hums like a motor. It pulls me in, suctions me to the cool granite surface like it were trying to drink me down-absorb me. My arms and legs fan out as though I were about to make a snow angel. I'm defenseless to its bionic pull as it contorts my body into a prime position for this blood lust sacrifice.

I feel a tug at the bottom of my clothes. Brielle adjusts my dress as though she were a bridesmaid at my wedding. It's the white dress Marshall had me wear while he pretended to hunt me down with arrows in lieu of turning me over to the Counts. Ironic since I landed right in their hands no thanks to Logan-special delivery from the first boy I ever truly loved. Unless, of course, this is where Marshall wanted me all along.

Chloe eyes me as the circle of bodies glide forward. They walk in a tight circumference around the stone altar. She wears the protective pendant around her neck proud as a peacock-gives me the finger while fondling it in front of me. The cloaks rotate in a clockwise pattern. I try not to look at them, but Nat garners my attention. Her tight curls peer out from her hood like rusted springs. She cuts a look of death, offers a black smile as she brushes against Pierce ever so slightly with her fingertips.

A figure stops in front of me, the rest of the Counts move around him. I don't have to look to know it's Logan. I can tell by the gleam of the blade, feel the psychotic energy emanating from him that he tries to pass off as love. His arms lie folded across his chest as though he were dead in a casket, and suddenly I wish he were.

Demetri extricates himself from the crowd, stands shoulder to shoulder with Logan. He raises his hands over his head and ignites a hard clap.

A choir of voices breakout-deep and resonant. "I am an immortal. Flesh and bones and such as these are not tethered to my soul-"

I glance up to see if Logan is moving his lips-to see if he's memorized this incantation.

His eyes are glazed over with passion. Logan's voice is prominent in the crowd as though he were leading the chant himself. He cuts a cold steely look right through me. It nauseates me, fills me with disdain for someone I would have trusted with my soul just moments before I entered these woods.

I give a hard callous look.

I want him to know that I have seen the enemy-one that I hate far more than Demetri Edinger, and his name is Logan Oliver.

Chapter Two

The Stars in the Sky

Numberless stars spark against soft purple velvet. I tune out the witchcraft around me and feel the dizzy spin of time and space as I lock my gaze on a motionless night.

Large spirals of light dance across the universe. They sway like frozen tendrils unfurling their fiery glory. I want to be with them, ignite in flames just to share in their eccentric beauty.

They say the only way you can truly kill a Celestra is by fire. I would gladly lend myself to the flames to peer down eternally over this sinful disgrace of a planet that houses cowards such as these.

A smoldering flame of hatred fans deep inside my soul. Gage would never let this happen. He would never hold up a knife and chant while thinking about the places to cut me best-strategizing about how to make me bleed in front of strangers, and enemies, and the man who elicited the death of my father.

Logan has become a traitor of the highest order. Under the guise of a peppermint moon, he professes his wickedness, resolves his desire to slaughter me. The fact I'm going to kill him one day galvanizes itself like a brand over my heart.

Something stirs inside me as I let my rage for him percolate in a vat of loathing. A strange hum pulsates through my bones, agitates the cells that govern my body. I begin to gyrate, flex in and out of the stone as though it were malleable.

A gasp emits from one of the girls, and the assembly ceases its steady stream of movement.

"Skyla, no!" Logan warns as if I would ever listen, as if I could control what's happening.

I think of my father, of Marshall, the moon, the Landon house, which until tonight I had dubbed traitor central.

The stone begins to spin. I rotate slow and steady on its surface as though I were on a carrousel, bound in traction at the mercy of some unknown source.

I hear screams-an echo of holy shit.

"Skyla!" Logan is panicked.

I must be doing this. My hate for him acts as fuel. I'm going to launch myself like a missile off this God-breathed rock and hopefully squash them all like bugs from the effort.

I focus in on Logan's horrified expression. I let the others whir by in a dizzying blur and keep my eyes fixated on him in an effort to hone my anger into a perfect brew of hatred.

The stone spins at demonic speeds. I'm going to be sick. Projectile vomiting is a very real possibility right about now, and I let out a scream that my father can hear in his grave back in L.A.

The world dips in and out of focus.

The sky showers down its stars. The screams from the crowd blend together in one horrific roar.

I think of the Transfer that houses all those long glass caskets. The blue liquid swills in my mind, infiltrates my senses with an antiseptic stench.

The stone beneath me sizzles, sparks fly out at random, everything blends together-rushes in as one. The only clear thing I see is the light from the castrated moon.

Marshall blinks through my mind.

Then I disappear.

***

I squeeze my eyes shut in an effort to stave off the harsh bite of nausea. I let out a horrific moan and roll my head over my neck.

I find myself sitting, and straighten in surprise.

My eyes spring open. I'm no longer in the field under the watchful eye of the Counts. Instead, I see the last thing I want-a stark white room.

I bounce to my feet and fall back against the wall, holding my cramped stomach.

"Skyla?"

I twist just enough to see Marshall and Ezrina hunched over a small table with rows of sushi set out before them, each with chopsticks frozen midflight.

I don't freak out over Ezrina, or where I am, or the fact Marshall tried to spear me with a thousand arrows just hours before. Instead, I lose the battle with my intestines, and splat foaming vomit and bile all over the floor.

"Get her out!" Ezrina's voice carries unnaturally. It reverberates in my skull.

There's an opening to my left. I don't over think it. I just bolt. I fall against the wall and clasp my hands along the cool painted mortar, pulling myself further and further down a series of disorienting corridors.

I bend over my sopping dress, clear as velum. It adheres to my body like wet paper as I bow my head between my knees and vomit again just shy of my shoes.

A familiar blue glow lures me down the hall. It comforts me, reminds me of Gage and those eyes I love, that infectious smile. It stirs memories in me of that day we spent at Rockaway Point, the pitch-colored sand beneath our feet, his bare skin over mine. I want to cling to him in my thoughts, weave myself into his soul in an effort to make it through each debilitating moment I'm forced to spend without him.

I stumble into the sky colored room filled with human aquariums. Perhaps this is where they'll put me? Maybe Gage will come down here one day, mourn for me as I spin silent on display.

Marshall appears by my side.

"You could have chosen a thousand locales, and here you are with me. I'm flattered, really." He leads me by the elbow, moving us along quicker than my tender stomach will allow.

We come upon a stainless sink, and he spins the faucet, sending water sputtering out of a long coiled hose that looks like the one used for food prep at the bowling alley.

Marshall attempts to wipe me down with a cool wet towel. I bat his hands away-dry heaving into the boxy metal basin.

It takes something just this side of forever before I can feel like myself again, before the room stops swirling into a blue tornado and the ground feels solid beneath my feet.

Marshall overturns a metal bucket, instructs me to sit and does the same.

"Do tell," he frowns, "what happened."

"Logan," I take a deep breath, "he dragged me to this Count ritual, and they were all wearing hoods and chanting." I hold a small towel over my face and breathe into it. "I saw Demetri," I say as though it might have some sort of effect on him.

Marshall pins me with an icy stare.

"Well, then, Ms. Messenger. Sounds like you've just witnessed the inner circle."

"It sounds dangerous."

"There's no other word to describe it."

"I want to go home."

"I'm afraid not," he examines me from head to toe. "I'm keeping you here with me, Skyla. You'll be mine for a little while more."

Chapter Three

Spooktacular

Marshall takes me on a grand tour of the facility.

I was right. Ezrina's hideaway is a lair, a maze that stretches out for miles, football fields-acres. It seems to extend far beyond the borders of Paragon, and I can't fathom how.

"Are we below the island?"

"Where would you get that idea?" he asks, propelling us forward at unnatural speeds.

"It always seems like I'm falling down when I end up here."

"What if I told you we were above the island?"

Just the thought makes me dizzy.

"I suppose I'd have to believe you."

"Well, then, you'd be foolish because we are neither below nor above terra firma. Feel better?"

I'm not sure if he means physically, so I just nod. Truth is I feel like crap. I'm emotionally and physically wrecked.

"Am I time traveling?"

"You are."

"When?"

"Summer. We've yet to meet, and you've yet to set foot on Paragon," he pauses. "Although, I've always known you. I waited for you to arrive on the planet." He examines me briefly. "When you're through here you'll return to the stone from whence you came," he gives a sly smile, "I'm sure that tickles your intestines."

"It pisses me off," I say weakly.

"The Counts would have left by then."

"Why? Are you keeping me here for years or something?" God-this is turning into some kind of celestial kidnapping.

"An undisclosed amount of time will pass," he pats me on the back as though he's consoling me over the fact I'm being held captive, by him of all people. I don't care how abrasively handsome he is, I don't want Marshall. I want Gage. "I've placed a binding spirit around the vicinity should you try to travel your way out, or, heaven forbid, Gage the blue eyed Sage decides to teleport himself to your side. I hope you'll think long and hard before disclosing my true identity to those living and deceased. Let's not have a repeat performance of Ms. Bishop's verbal faux pas." He glares at me with renewed interest. "She is the only one you've babbled to."

I nod feverishly. "I need to see Gage."

"No."

We step outside under a navy colored sky, no stars, just a smooth blank darkness that presses down on me with its full weight. I turn back and see the doublewide doors to the Transfer outlined with an arch of bones. Figures. Most likely human skeletal remains as evidenced by a plethora of elongated femurs, attached ulnas and radius', the fibulas and tibias, a smatter of hands sprayed throughout for garnish. It's artistically macabre, beautiful in its own disgusting way.

"Creepy," I whisper.

Marshall links his arm with mine, progressing us through narrow twisted corridors, cobbled streets with buildings that butt up to one another.

"Market," Marshall points over to baskets brimming with fruits and vegetables laid out in rows on a stand. "It's free, take only your fill. Other humans prattle about."

The road opens to a clearing, and a white mansion surrounded by a wrought iron fence with delicate spears, pointing skyward greets us.

"You have a room at the estate," he says it directly in my ear as though this might arouse me on some level.

"Great," I gulp down my fear.

Hoards of people move swift in the distance. A woman and a man walk arm in arm just like us. The woman wears a velour gown with a petticoat underneath that peeks out at the world like a dusting of fresh snow with every other step. The man she's with sports a short dark mustache. He wears a suit with a high collar and a strange thin tie that creates circular loops at the base of his neck.

"They look so," I struggle to find the right words, "old fashioned."

"Eighteenth century. It's all the rage in this part of the netherworld."

As the couple approaches, I notice their faces have a certain invisibility factor. I can see them and see through them simultaneously. I cover my mouth from the shock of it. The woman stops short and cuts me a death stare before carrying on her conversation without missing a beat.

"For heaven's sake, don't incite them," Marshall scolds. "Once you have them riled with anger, they're rabid. Just looking at them puts them in a mood. No eye contact with the dearly departed. That's the first rule, and absolutely no speaking to them. They don't stand for the whole poor me I'm so human, ploy. The last visitor I housed didn't fare so well."

"What happened to him?" My hand flies up to my throat involuntarily.

"She," his lids lower in my direction, "found my rules difficult to comply with. They shackled her to a millstone, threw her in the lake."

"Did you save her? Is she OK?"

"Dead. Don't bother shedding a tear. Death becomes her." He steps up our clip as we enter through the iron gates that forge together at the top creating a rather menacing skull locked in a scream.

A ragged looking man waves to get our attention from the balcony. He hops over the baluster, and hangs himself successfully by a threadbare rope. His body swings like a Halloween decoration-a pendulum.

I let out a cry of terror that burns through my lungs, hot and sultry like a battle cry.

"I'm not staying here." I try to pull Marshall back.

"Relax, Skyla. You'll appease them if you scream at every horrific act of terror they try to delight you with. Look," he motions back up at the body. The body has vanished, and the rope silently sways as a testament to what just happened. "Most everyone here has long since perished. Mostly Counts and Fems, not your usual social circle. Far from the in-crowd, more like the sin-crowd. Keep to yourself." He pats my hand as we walk onto the expansive porch. The front doors hold their high polished shine. Marshall twists the gold hardware before motioning me inside.

It's black as a moonless night. A thousand useless candles offer their dim light to the walls, the halls, the waxed chandeliers hanging from the ceilings. The air is unnaturally crisp and holds the slight scent of apples.

A choir of screams go off at regular intervals, ear piercing, blood curdling cries that raise the hair on the back of my neck. They leave me unsettled until I've all but pushed myself through Marshall from holding on so tight.

"I do rather enjoy the intimacy, but I need to breathe." He loosens my grip just enough.

We walk through a grand room. An oversized piano plays old ragtime music at a frenetic pace. About two-dozen disembodied spirits decked out in eighteenth century garb dance in dizzying circles while laughing and engaging in ceaseless chatter. A few nod in our direction with menacing grimaces. I bury my face in Marshall's chest, let him lead me blind through endless twists and turns until we stop all movement.

"First floor rooms are always a bit inferior," he bemoans.

I open my eyes to see the dark gnarled wood of the door bend and expand as though it were breathing.

"Marshall," I end his name on a high-pitched wail.

"Don't show them your weakness." He spins the doorknob left and right several times as though it were a combination safe before the door gives, letting us inside.

We're greeted with navy velvet walls. Pictures of ghastly looking people hang crooked in the entry.

"Kitchen, living room." Marshall darts a finger around, orienting me to the decrepit amenities. A prehistoric kitchen with an ornate white porcelain stove, a living room that consists of a dusty Victorian couch, and very little else. "Bedroom." He guides me into a rather large area with an oversized four-poster bed, a lit candelabra in the corner. The strong scent of lilacs infiltrates the air. "I'll be rooming with you."

"I wouldn't have it any other way." I'm completely freaked out, so cuddling up with Marshall sounds like a godsend.

"Closet full of goodies," he opens a wardrobe exposing a bevy of ballooned out dresses, and combat boots with heels. I pull out a yellowing bustle, feels like crinoline, the hoops lined with steel springs.

"Nice," I bleat out disappointed. Really, I don't care what I wear. I want to be home, not shacking up in a haunted hotel with Marshall.

"Let's get to bed shall we?" He hops on the mattress, a bit overeager.

I dismiss his overzealous behavior and crawl up alongside him. Truth is, I'm exhausted on every level.

I close my eyes and lay my head on Marshall's chest.

"Don't even think about kissing me," I say as the room disintegrates behind my eyelids. My head pounds as it tries to erase the new reality I've landed myself in. I try to think happy thoughts, thoughts of Gage-dust off the memories we've created, and bask in our love, but it only seems to highlight my newfound sadness.

I know what I have to do.

In my dreams I wait for him.

Logan.

He stalks the outer recesses of my mind for just the right moment. He thinks it will buy him time-time that will cost him nothing, avail him much, perhaps garner a kiss if he's lucky.

I form the hill, the trees, shape the river that bisects this strange landscape he seems to will us to each time he comes to me.

I fashion a long sharp sword out of my imagination and watch as the scalloped blade shimmers under the artificial sun.

"Skyla," he calls to me.

A smile plays on my lips as I spin on my heels.

I give a swift blow to the neck, greet him by way of decapitation-watch as his head rolls onto the grass and settles near the base of a willow tree.

Logan groans, gives several hard blinks before looking right at me. "So I guess this means you're angry."

***

"Rise my love!" A sharp voice bellows from above.

I stretch like a cat and struggle to open my eyes. Marshall floats in and out of focus, makes me wonder if I'm still dreaming.

A part of me expects to find myself nestled in my own bed beneath my canopy, safe on Paragon with a house full of Counts-my perennially pissed off stepfather milling around downstairs, but I don't. Instead, I see Marshall in a t-shirt and jeans, not his usual teacher attire of chinos and a button-down. The heavenly scent of lilacs has been tainted with something far more commonplace-

"Wakey, wakey, eggs and bacon." He stirs a frying pan in front of me as evidence.

I follow him over to the haunted looking dining room. Silverware is laid out, each heavy piece with a neatly carved face. Mine is a girl with long wavy hair, large blank eyes.

"Is this me?" I hold it up, accusingly.

"Pretty, aren't you?" Marshall doesn't pay it much attention. Instead, he doles out a large portion of food on the flat gold platter set before me. I unfurl a sapphire velveteen napkin and thread it through my fingers hypnotically. This is the color of the night sky, the last thing I saw as I lay on the stone. I pull it through my hands over and over like a habit. A tall silver goblet with the foot of a bird sits before me. I peer inside to find a bright red liquid that I'm pretty sure I'm staying the hell away from.

"What is this?" I pick it up and sniff.

"A common breakfast medium adored by citrus farmers the world over. Orange juice." He settles across from me with his own plate loaded with the food he promised in his chime. "Blood orange juice. Squeezed it myself. Go on, you'll love it."

I take an uneasy sip.

"Excellent." Tastes less blood, more orange.

"I thought so." He examines me like a predator as I dig into my meal.

I'm starved and totally at the mercy of Marshall's culinary skills, which apparently are well-honed because this is the best breakfast I think I've ever had.

"Eat up. You've got a long day ahead of you."

"Doing what? You have an arena where you pit unwitting humans against Fems? Where a crowd of long deceased Counts hunger for our demise?" Hopefully he'll send me packing, even if it is a very long hike back to Paragon from this suspended reality-

"You didn't think you were going to receive room and board and wonderful meals whipped up by yours truly without an exchange, did you? It's called work, Skyla."

"You want me to scoop horse crap out of your barn?" I have a feeling that would be the best-case scenario.

"Don't be silly, you won't be working for me," he picks up his fork and holds out the carved figure of a woman, her wild frazzled hair looks all too familiar.

Ezrina.

Chapter Four

Overtime

Working shoulder to shoulder with Ezrina in the chop shop isn't exactly my idea of a reprieve from real life, sort of a nightmare if you ask me.

"So, you're never going to believe this," I start. "Your great, great...great? Anyway one of your relatives is my cheer coach, Ms. Richards."

Ezrina pulls down a metal tray and slams it against the stainless counter, creating a horrific cacophony of sounds that reminds me of the jazz music my dad used to play in the car.

"She doesn't visit." Her voice reverberates through the metal chair I've perched myself on-rings through me like the shrill cry of a bell.

"Yeah, well, I don't think she knows about you."

Ezrina's burgundy eyes flare into perfect kaleidoscopes of fire.

"I mean she knows about you, but I think she's unaware of the fact you still exist." As in-blissfully unaware.

"There's always a way, Skyla." Her ghastly pale flesh doesn't peak or break out in a sweat as she continues to move at a breakneck pace. She pulls something a little larger than a butcher knife out of a drawer, causing me to leap off the stool-clear across the room for safety.

"Come," she calls. Pulling back a plastic sheet, she reveals an array of bloodied human limbs.

Instinctually I want to scream but my hand flexes over my lips and I give a few unproductive dry heaves instead.

"Vomit-you'll eat it to clean it." Her pallid features pinch in a quiet rage.

I straighten, and go over, trying not to pass out at the sight.

"What is it?" Who is it, or was it, might be a better question. Hopefully Chloe.

"Noster lost a man competing."

I don't know what he was competing in, but if you lose your feet and hands in the process, I'm pretty sure it's not any kind of competition I'd be interested in.

"Grab a tray," she instructs.

I'm a little shocked at how quickly I've succumbed to the role of Ezrina's assistant-accomplice, and find myself beside her sporting a metal platter in my hands.

She hacks at the base of an ankle with the squared off blade in her hands while prying away the upper portion of the leg.

"Sort of reminds me of the time you chopped off my arm," I say without any real emotion behind it. Secretly, I'm hoping to bond with Ezrina, lend her great pause before she attempts to hack off another limb that happens to be attached to my body.

Ezrina rolls her head over her neck, and a thin dried blood of a smile starts to form. She gives a powerhouse swing at the ankle once again, loud as a gunshot as the knife connects, cutting the foot right off the joint.

Blood splatters over my dress, my face. I wipe off my lips with the back of my hand, spit the bitter taste out of my mouth.

Worse job ever.

Next time I see Marshall I'm grabbing him by the collar and demanding he send me back to Paragon-back to Gage.

***

Days drift by, a week-then another. Marshall doesn't come. He's left me in this haunted version of reality to rot like the corpses Ezrina spends her days attending to. I pick up fruits and vegetables from the farmers market of horror and bolt back to the haunted mansion Marshall has me holed up in. I've worn each of the bloated dresses at least three times. So tired of strange fitting underwear, bra's too big or too small, all of the above rotted and yellow with time.

"I want to see Marshall," I say to her while bagging the fingers of a Levatio. Just handling the flesh of something even remotely related to Gage makes me ache for him-hunger for him so intensely until I feel I'm about to break.

Ezrina ignores me per usual.

"What happened to you, Ezrina? I heard you wandered into the forest, and never came out."

She expels a breath with a faraway look in her eyes as though she were reliving a painful memory. "Love," she says, stripping the flesh off a forearm and scrapping bone samples onto a Petri dish.

"Love?" As in she's calling me love, or she actually had the opportunity to experience it? "Love is a great thing," I say. Ezrina is locked in a morbid gaze, staring off into nothing as though she finally reached the end of her existence. "So, are you a scientist?" I ask, changing the subject. "A mortician?" Just the mention of a mortician reminds me of Dr. Oliver, and I want to go home, to the mortuary-hell at this point I'd take the underbelly of the cemetery. "Do you think Gage can visit me here?"

"Silence!" Her voice goes off like a gong. She picks up a stainless ax and barrels in my direction. "It takes all of my will not to dismember you hourly. Save the questions for someone who cares."

"I need to go home," the words speed out of me. "Marshall!"

Her eyes bolt around the lab, at the endless trays of diced up cadavers, the blood stains on my dress, my hands, and shakes her head in frustration.

"Come," she takes off down the hall.

The white slick floor gives way to a dull brown carpet. The cool air is exchanged for humidity as a familiar cobalt glow envelops us.

We step through the area housing a plethora of watery glass caskets and into a conjoined room the size of an airplane hangar. It's congested from floor to ceiling with the tubular structures. They go on forever in seemingly endless rows. Most all of the tubes contain bodies sporting bright blue wetsuits with floating hair and hands as the cobalt water stirs into a whirlpool.

Normally I would freak out and try to run or scream my head off. But on this day, at this strange hour, I can't help feel like I've just got the world's biggest promotion.

"What do you do with them?" I'm fascinated.

"Feed them to you for dinner," her shag of wild hair flexes when she says it as though it has a life of its own.

I seize at the thought.

Her lips pull into a line, and for the first time, not only did Ezrina speak to me without yelling, I think she just took a stab at humor. I pray she took a stab at humor.

"Funny." My voice sounds thick. I hadn't heard my voice in anything but the chop shop for what feels like a small eternity. I was getting used to the echo produced by my own vocal cords as though Ezrina and I were becoming a single species. "What's my job?" I ask dutifully.

She steps toward the back of the room, lined with three rows of steel drawers, sliding out the one in the middle. It's a girl about my age. I blink back surprise. She's whole as far as I can tell. She wears a t-shirt and jeans. Her long, straight hair is encrusted with blood, a clot the size of a silver dollar lies along the temple. She has a pretty face and looks decidedly serene despite the fact she's very much dead.

"Bathe her." Ezrina continues to pull the drawer out until long metal legs hit the floor like a gurney. The next thing I know we're wheeling her down the hall into yet another room. She hooks her up to the sink. "Undress her. Fill the tub with keeping liquid. She needs to soak before we store her."

"Keeping liquid?" The blue water, it keeps them. I get it, but gross.

"Synthetic plasma used for preservation," she sighs it out as though I had worn her down before leaving the room.

We're going to store her. Dear God. What the hell is going on?

I place my palm over her forehead-barely feels cold. Fresh blood sits curdling on the side of her face. Then I do the unthinkable. I pinch her nose, lean in, place my lips over hers, and breathe. I push in twelve solid breaths before giving up and panting over her lifeless body. As a Celestra, daughter of Caelestis, I should have been able to save her. I'm useless-nothing more than a tool in Ezrina's cadaver cafe.

It takes forever to wrestle her clothes off. I feel bad manhandling this poor dead girl who looks like a giant sleeping doll-a naked sleeping doll, but that's beside the point. I fill the bathtub up to her face. I can't stand the thought of submerging her, killing her again by way of drowning if only in my imagination.

Ezrina returns with a wet suit, and we struggle to get it in place. Afterwards, we wheel the girl over to a table with a glass tube lying on its side. She slips her into the opening at the top with little to no effort. Ezrina erects the tube upright, and hooks a hose over the top that expels a gush of blue solution.

"Is the keeping liquid the same as the blue fog?" Not only were the Counts surrounded in it, but it's come from Mom and Tad's room before.

"Yes. It rejuvenates cellular structure."

"So they need it." Knew it. I bet Tad and Mom sniff it up every morning before breakfast. I bet they'd drink it by the gallon if they could.

"Regenerating plasma. A small amount inhaled is enough to rebuild the connective tissues and restore cell reproduction."

"Who thought of this?" I wash over her as though she were a genius. "You?"

"I." She softens into me with a hint of pride. It's in that moment I see something inside her, beneath the ugly facade, the cantankerous brawling anger she resorts to so quickly. For the first time Ezrina actually feels human to me.

The tube fills with the bright blue liquid at an accelerated rate. In less than a minute, she's floating, hair dancing in every direction. Ezrina pulls a metal seal off the table and smears the back with paste.

"Adhere this to the bottom," she says, holding out a metal tag.

I take it from her, careful not to get glue on my fingers, examine the name-Laken Stewart. I bend over and place the tag where I was instructed.

"Ezrina? What happened to Laken?" I look up at the girl. She glows like an angel, peaceful and beautiful.

"Laken is here, Skyla." Ezrina doesn't answer the question. Instead, she tips her head up at the girl. "She will attempt to conqueror-much like you."

Like me.

Ezrina knows things. I give a repressed smile at the thought.

"Nice to meet you Laken," I whisper, waving my hand over her face. "Sorry I couldn't save you."

The last few hours of the day, Ezrina is off doing God knows what, and I'm getting tired of undressing dead people.

"Leave," she says, rattling into the room. She shares the same warm sentiments at the end of every day.

"Why are you so bitter?"

She looks up with a jolt of surprise. "Would you like me to quarter you?"

"No," I take in a breath at the thought. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to insult you. I-"

"I was just like you," she whispers. Her hand reaches forward and caresses the side of my face. "I am your future."

My heart gives an unnatural thump. For the first time since I've been here, I feel afraid.

And I'm damn sure I'm leaving tonight.

Chapter Five

Gage

Blood orange sky. Rain falls like javelins, personifying the desperation of the demonic world outside my window. Thunder rattles the dishes, shakes the infrastructure of the Transfer-no lightning, no moon.

I miss Paragon. Silent tears fall. I miss Gage, ache for his smile, his touch. I want to be released from this stranglehold. I'd do anything, face the Counts, face Logan the most wicked Count of all.

"Maudlin, are we?"

I spin around to find Marshall walking through the door, dressed in sharp black clothes that accentuate his features as though he just stepped off a runway.

I race over and jump up on him, latch my legs around his waist, and let him twirl me. It feels good holding Marshall like this. I let the room spin me dizzy while enjoying the strange buzzing sensation that trembles from his flesh.

"It's Christmas eve in your world," he whispers in my ear.

"What?" I hop down, horrified at the thought.

"I'm sending you home. It's my gift to you," he softens into me with all his Sector glory.

"Traditionally, you're lousy at gifts." First, he exposed just about everyone I love, and Tad, as Counts. Then he gave me a gorgeous white dress all the better to see me with while he tried spearing me with a thousand arrows. And, now, he's sending me back to the spinning stone of death.

"I promise no spinning and no death. I'll have young Oliver meet you. The way he goes on and on you'd think I kidnapped you myself."

"You sort of did. And, you can hear my thoughts?" I'm a foot away, and we're not touching. I find this unnerving.

"I can hear everything here."

"I was thinking earlier about something strange that happened." I tell Marshall about the dream I had a few weeks back. I was near a large flat stone, and Brielle pulled a goat from out of nowhere. I find it interesting that it transpired with just a few odd details out of place.

He chews the inside of his cheek, roves his eyes around the ceiling as though he were reading the answers off some invisible scroll.

"You, my love, are absorbing the gift of knowing."

"I am? Is that a part of my Christmas gift?" I give his shoulders a hard squeeze. "That's like the best gift ever!"

"Collect yourself," he removes my arms, placing them gently at his waist. "You're acquiring this on your own."

"Can I get more of it? I want to know. I want to know everything."

He presses a kiss on my lips, propelling me to turn my head. Even if Gage isn't here, I don't plan on letting Marshall molest me.

"I wouldn't be so quick to ditch my affection. That, my dear, is how you're acquiring your newfound skill."

"Kissing you?"

He nods rather proud.

"Because you have the gift of knowing? Kissing you produces the effect in me?"

"Something like that."

"So, that means I can kiss Gage and yield the same results," I say it as fact.

"No, Skyla," he gives a sly smile. "You see, Gage would be considered a back road clogged with overturned trees, impossible to navigate-however, yielding the effort from me would be equivalent to a superhighway."

"So-I'll just kiss Gage a little longer."

"It will take twelve lifetimes for you to achieve what you can with me in a much more reasonable timeframe."

Never mind.

"Well, I'm off to a great start," I say. "I may not need anything else from you."

"You won't need more, but you'll want it."

I pull back and take him in. Marshall is my portal to the gift of knowing.

"You didn't give me a vision when we kissed in the field."

"You didn't deserve one. Would you like one now?"

"No. I want to go home. Take me to Gage."

"Very well." Marshall wraps me in a tight embrace, whispers something in a foreign language that sounds Latin in nature.

The floor sways and gyrates, and the light in the room eclipses to nothing.

***

Sharp pelting rain, hard as biting nails, pounds against my flesh as my lids begin to flutter.

Cold granite lies beneath me. An oppressive moon greets me from above. I'm back on the stone right where I left. Not one Count in sight.

I sit up and scan the illuminated landscape for signs of life. Nothing but a barren field encircled with evergreens as tall as skyscrapers.

"Gage?" My voice dissolves under the tyranny of the storm-lightning ignites the world bright as noon, less than a second later, thunder explodes in dull roaring jags.

I scoot off the smooth surface. The sweet scent of earth penetrates through the rain.

"Gage!" I bear down and howl, letting his name burn like fire from my lungs.

Tail lights!

At the bottom of the clearing, his truck traverses along a dirt path.

He's driving away.

"Marshall!" I scream.

I'm so freaking pissed. He said he'd send Gage, and now I've missed him. I'll be all alone, drowning in one of the worst storms Paragon's yet to experience. "Marshall, damn it make him see me," I hiss.

I jump in the air and wave my hands. The night ignites in a spectacular blaze of glory. Lightning dazzles the sky with all of God's vengeance and touches down its crooked torch on a lone pine to the left of the clearing.

The truck stops.

"Gage!" I scream, running down the hillside, tripping and turning my ankle in the process. Rain fills my mouth, blurs my vision as I laugh on the way.

A light emits from his opened door.

He hears me. It's going to be OK.

My entire body craves his arms.

Gage gets out of the truck. His familiar frame illuminates a gentle hue of blue as he runs to meet me.

"Skyla!"

"It's me!" The words jostle in my throat with joy.

The seconds drag out, each its own eternity as we race towards one another in the downpour.

"Gage!"

The sky ignites as we connect in a strong electric pull.

My arms collapse over his back as he twirls me into the night.

He's here. He's real.

Gage kisses me, drops kisses down my neck, across my face.

"I love you," I cry as I say it. "I never want to be apart from you again."

"God, I missed you," he pants.

I thread my fingers in the wet slick of his hair-dig in deep with my lips pushed hard against his.

We fall to the ground, roll into a puddle of mud, and indulge in one another under the watchful eye of the moon.

I'm back-back in the dirty world, wet and alive with Gage. Nothing seems impossible or unbearable like this with him.

"It's Christmas Eve," he shouts over the rain between kisses.

"Merry Christmas," I bite his lower lip as I say it, secure him over me, and don't let go.

"Everyone's at your house."

I shake my head at the thought. Everyone most likely includes Logan.

"No," I finally say. I'd rather spend another year playing with Ezrina's corpses than see any of them-of course, with Gage by my side. I dig my nails into his back. I'm not leaving him again, ever.

Gage hikes up on his elbows, gives an effortless smile that depresses his dimples. I pull up and kiss each one in turn.

"We should go," he looks genuinely sad to insist. "Your mom is worried sick. Everyone wants you home, safe. Tonight's the perfect night for miracles."

"I already have my miracle." I press into the small of his back and have him relax over me in the mud.

I want to stay like this forever with the harsh storm pelting us, rain like bullets, attempting to drown us with all its fury.

Something tells me this is going to be the worse Christmas ever.

Chapter Six

All is Not Calm

Landon manner is lit up with colorful bulbs that scallop the edge of the lower eaves. I filled Gage in on all that happened at the Count ceremony and how I involuntarily became the sacrificial lamb-including every last detail of the haunted Transfer.

"Logan told me why he did it," Gage warms my arms as we lean against his truck in the rain.

"He's a pathological liar. I doubt we should believe, 'hello', should it fly out of his mouth. What did he tell you?"

Gage arches his head back in frustration. "He wants to tell you himself. I'm not defending him or throwing him under the bus. You're here now, and that's all that matters to me."

I'd like to throw Logan under a bus-a semi, both.

Peals of thunder, flashes of lightning escort Gage and me as we make our way up the stairs. The Hawthorne bushes have grown up over the railing, and the pines that barricade our property from Brielle's have thickened. I can't believe how different everything looks in such a short amount of time.

Gage offered to take me to his house first to shower, change into his sweats if I wanted, but I decided I would offer the Counts in my life the full effect of the aftermath of rolling around in the storm. Besides, if Mom focuses on how disheveled I am, she may not be so upset over the fact I've been MIA for two whole weeks. I still have no idea what I'm going to tell them.

The door is unlocked, so we head on in.

The house is alive with unfamiliar scents-cinnamon, traces of turkey lie thick in the air, a layer of candles burning, the spice of wood from the fire awakens my senses. It's funny how life goes on without you. How your family could bake a turkey and fill in all of the holiday blanks without you, once they think you're gone.

Gage pulls me through the hall. I can hear laughter emitting from the family room. Mia thanks somebody for something then laughs.

We step into the room unapologetically. All heads snap at attention, their eyes lock on me as though I were an apparition. Nothing but a circle of shocked expressions stare back. Mom and Tad, Mia and Melissa, Drake, Brielle and her mother-Marshall-figures. The Olivers are here. Emma pulls a bleak smile-Logan sits wild-eyed, overeager as though he were about to pounce.

Then the decibel level in the room explodes. Bodies descend upon me, arms, and lips, the girls tug at my hair in an effort to get to me.

"Skyla Laurel Messenger!" My mother screams. "Oh, my God!" her hand comes up over her mouth as she takes me in.

Logan plucks me away. He doesn't wait for my mother to finish, instead, his arms lock over me so tight I can't breathe. He lets his lips glide across the side of my face in a heated rush.

I thought I could save you.

He pulls a kiss off my lips. Digs in with his roaming tongue, hot as a fever. I love you, Skyla. I love you more than-

"Holy shit!" Gage explodes, tearing us apart like a bouncer. He sends Logan flying back into the Christmas tree, decorations shoot off the branches, causing the lights to blink several times before cutting to black. Gage charges at him once more, sending both Logan and the tree to the floor. Glass bulbs shatter into tiny slivers. They scatter to the four corners of the room as the dangerous glittering shards lie in wait to cut us.

"Enough!" Marshall barks as he rights the tree once again. "Where is your civility?"

"Well, Merry Christmas, Lizbeth," Tad balks, panning his hands around at the mess. "You got your wish. The whole family under one roof."

"Everybody calm down," Dr. Oliver secures his hands over Logan and Gage and demands they take a seat.

"Skyla, are you feeling OK?" Mia sounds genuinely concerned. "Is the baby all right?"

Mom grabs a chair and pushes me into it. "I'm going to have you checked out first thing next week. I have a specialist in Seattle, Honey-he's nothing but the best." She pulls me into a death grip of a hug and sniffs back tears. "Where were you?"

"I was-" I look to Marshall for help.

"Don't be afraid to admit you ran away," he encourages. "It's not important now, here you are, safe, and with family." His lips turn up on the side as he gives a secret smile.

"And friends," Brielle adds with apprehension.

I glare at her openly.

"I don't see any friends," I snipe.

"That's right," Darla, Brielle's mom is quick to reply, "these girls is like family. We's all family." She holds up a martini glass to salute the motley crew.

Figures. She's ripped enough to believe her own lies. I wonder what Logan's excuse is? I shoot him a hard look. How dare he violate me like that, right in front Gage and the world like it didn't even matter. This is either a case of amazingly complex love, or he's certifiably insane. I'd bet money on the latter.

I've got plans for Logan-a gift of my own. I hope he feels just as violated when I give it to him right in the balls.

His eyes round out as though he heard me.

"Skyla?" Mia sweeps over to me. "You're the best gift I got all night." She wraps her arms around me and buries her head in my neck. She's really back.

***

I bring Gage upstairs with me to clean up. It feels like I've been gone a million years, two lifetimes-as though my whole existence on Paragon had been a dream and now I'm in it again. It would have been a nightmare without Gage-wholly impossible. Mom insists on following us up, pointing out the new cherry stain on the handrail, showing off a large family portrait from her wedding in a new gilt frame that she hung in the upstairs hall, then the grand finale, the unblemished mirror in my bedroom.

I'm not sure whether Tad opened his wallet to comfort her or celebrate my absence.

"You fixed it. Thank you," I say, catching a glimpse of myself for the first time in ages-mud encrusted hair and dress. My face looks pale with large circles under my eyes, red like lacerations. Scary.

"Skyla," she whispers, taking me in. "Please don't ever leave like that again. I swear, Tad's not sending you away," her eyes close for a moment. "I've made it really clear you weren't going anywhere if you came back. If it weren't for Gage, I think I would have gone crazy." She takes up my hand. "I knew as long as he was near, you'd come back to us." She squeezes my fingers before heading into the bathroom. The pipes twist, and the shower starts to run.

"Get comfortable," she emerges, pulling out a pair of pink sweats and a t-shirt from my drawers.

"I want to talk to you about some things," I say.

"I know. We have everything to discuss. I'm sure you have a million questions about the baby." Her hand glides over my hair.

"Not that. I want to talk to you about the fact I'm an angel." I can see Gage recoil from the corner of my eye.

"Just because you found yourself in this position does not make you a bad person. I get it." She presses a soft kiss against my forehead. "Gage and I will wait for you downstairs."

"He stays," I say it so quick, there's a hint of defiance in my tone.

She gives a circular nod, and for the first time I note the glittering tears in her eyes. She's glad I'm back, and in a way it's the best gift I could receive from her. She closes the door before heading downstairs.

"I wanted her to believe me," I say, pulling Gage in.

"So I see. But I'm a little relieved we didn't go there. I think she needs time to adjust to the fact you're back."

"Oh, I'm back alright," I try to seduce him with my voice.

I pull Gage towards the shower, run my fingers through his mud-soaked hair.

He shakes his head, resisting the offer.

I lure him into the bathroom by way of a smile, raise my arms, and let him pull off my dress. It's seductive watching Gage undress me, feel his eyes rake over me filled with lust. My fingers fly back to unhook my bra, but he won't let me. He catches my wrist like he's done so many times before, and his dimples tremble from the effort.

He takes off his shirt, drops out of his jeans, his shoes, his socks.

"Boxers," I whisper, ending the mystery.

Gage steps into the steaming shower with me, lets me shampoo his hair-douses me with kisses as the water cleanses off the dirt and debris, melting in a milkshake puddle at our feet. He opens the door, gives one more slow kiss before leaving me alone.

I memorize the way he looks with water beading off his body, steam rising all around him as though it were honoring him with its vapors. Gage and all of his sexual restraint. You could race around the globe with the pent-up frustration he must have. His ability to stave off the pain of his physical needs is staggering.

Then a light goes off in his eyes. He was asleep and now he's awake. His affect changes from aloof to smoldering. A wicked grin spreads across his face, and he heads back in the shower, raises both my arms up over my head, and presses me against the icy tiles as he gives a kiss that resonates through my entire being.

The water beads off our bodies, pushes into us with tiny angry bites. Gage reaches around and unhooks my bra, lands his hands square on my chest before slipping up and down the landscape of my body. All I can think about is the crowd of people waiting for us downstairs, wondering what we might be doing with the shower running, alone. It's like having an invisible audience, and it ruins every good intention streaming from Gage-although, a small part of me can appreciate the irony of Logan standing somewhere just beneath my feet. Losing myself to Gage while standing over Logan brings a devilish smile to my face, surges me beyond delirium.

A rash of heated kisses that seem to last forever overwhelm me until my skin goes numb from the steady stream of water. Gage shifts gears, lets his tongue travel along my neck, my shoulder-a line straight down my chest. It would be easy to dissolve under the weight of his lust for me-to give in and love Gage with my body, fierce as a riot.

He hitches his thumbs on either side of my underwear and gives a productive downward tug.

It's time to commit or quit.

Chapter Seven

The Gift of Life

OK-I did not anticipate having to stave off Gage in the shower.

We dry off and dress, me in the closet, and he in the bedroom.

Traditionally it was me who was the aggressor in our sexual relationship, but after that hot and steamy scene with Gage, I think the shoe is clearly on the other foot. I'm not saying I wouldn't have liked to have had sex with Gage in the shower, clearly the offer was on the table, clearly his body was one hundred percent able and willing to perform all of the necessary functions as evidenced by the constant hard prodding against my thigh, but, oddly, this time around, it was me who was the voice of reason, and I managed to convince him that another time might be more appropriate.

I mean, both of our families are downstairs waiting to shower us with love and affection, waiting patiently for us to wash the mud off our bodies, not exchange them with one another for the very first time. I cannot even imagine what it would have been like walking downstairs to face Mom and Tad even though they are one hundred percent positive we've already done the deed. It would have felt beyond awkward.

Logan pops in my brain, him I would have gladly flaunted my deflowered status to, in fact, I would have painted him a picture, wrote him a poem about how much I enjoyed it, how I was eternally grateful that he was nowhere in the vicinity.

Gage and I make our way downstairs and come across Mia and Melissa on their way up.

"It's really good to have you back." Mia hugs me at the waist. "Maybe we can go shopping at the mall this week? I got some Christmas money. I wanna to buy you something, you know, for the baby." She looks up at me glassy eyed, tearing up at the thought.

I gape at her soft features.

"Yeah, OK, sure." I say goodnight to the two of them and hold Gage close as we head into the family room. "I'll deal with her later. She's totally delusional." They all are. It's all Mia's fault that anyone believes I'm with child, which I'm totally not-but no matter how hard I try to deny it, I can't seem to convince my mother of the fact. It feels rather pointless.

Marshall is gone, and so are Drake, Brielle, and her mom.

Tad and Mom are seated at the table, along with Emma and Dr. Oliver. They all seem to have lost their, we're-so-happy-to-see-you expressions and exchanged them for the shit has officially hit the fan demeanor. It's a far more sinister atmosphere if you ask me.

Logan emerges from the kitchen with a giant slice of chocolate cake and raises a mug in our direction. He settles in at the far end of the table, ready for the show.

"Skyla, Gage," Mom starts in a soothing tone that seems tailor made to reel us in rather than protect. "We thought since we were all here, it would be a great opportunity to discuss what the future holds for the two of you, well, three...of you."

Oh, that. I inadvertently touch my baby deficient stomach.

Mom drops her gaze to my hand then sweeps back up again and smiles knowingly.

Great. I've managed to convince her further that there is a non-existent being floating around in my body.

Gage pulls a chair out for me, and we join them.

I can't help feel like we're in the hot seat. It's one thing when you totally deserve to be in the hot seat, and it's another when the accusations against your person are unequivocally false and so far from the truth it's offensive.

See? Had I put out upstairs, I couldn't even come close to feeling this self-righteous.

"Skyla," Tad says my name with a heavy inflection. "Before we get started, I would very much appreciate it if you would give your mother and me a formal apology for withholding the truth of your sexual status, which will ultimately result in the birth of your first child."

Holy shit. What planet is he from?

I open my mouth, then close it.

I'm not pregnant, and, of course, Gage knows I'm not. I'm pretty sure the Olivers are privy to our celibate little secret, but...

"I apologize," I state flatly.

Gage gives my hand a squeeze. Deny it.

"Gage and I are both very sorry we acted out our hormonal desires." I wink over at him. Gage looks horrified, blatantly bowled over by my response.

I look over at Logan sitting there with his fork midflight, frozen as though he might be wondering if this were actually true.

"Also, we just showered together," I add.

"Jiminy Christmas." Tad throws his hands up in the air, as my mother groans into her chest.

Emma pins me with a heavy look of suspicion.

"I doubt my son would have so little respect for both families present that he would act in such a manner." Emma relaxes in her seat as though waiting to see what outlandish tale I would come up with next.

"No, that part's true," Gage adds.

Shit! My eyes bulge out at him.

It was cute in a cutting sort of way when I was doing it, but with Gage playing along, it feels outright dirty.

"We were fully dressed," I say in a panic. God, my mother is going to think I'm nothing but a ball of hormones.

"Right," Tad balks. "And I suppose an immaculate conception occurred while conceiving your child. Gimme a break."

"Skyla, we're trying to help you." Mom gives a hard blink. "Look, I'm going to make sure you have the best prenatal care in the world. I don't want you to be afraid. This is going to be a tough road, but somehow we'll manage."

"And I'm sure the Olivers are going to help with expenses," Tad eyes the two of them as though they were scoundrels.

"We'd be more than happy to do whatever is needed." Dr. Oliver gives a gentle smile in his direction. He's so kind and nice I want to leap over the table and give him a hug. Of course, Dr. Oliver would help us if we needed it, he's got a heart of gold. "In this case, however," he gives Gage a stern look, "since you have decided to act like a man in more ways than one, I fully except you take on the responsibility of becoming a father and that means providing for your wife and child."

"Wife?" My mother and I cry in unison.

"I'd hate to think my grandchild will be brought forth into this world without proper union between his or her parents," Emma is quick to defend.

Mom and I sit with our jaws scraping the floor, staring at her as though she just sprouted two freaking heads. Of course, I'd like to marry Gage, and sooner than later, but not this soon, and, for sure, not under false pretenses.

"I have to disagree," Mom quips. "I'm sorry, Emma, but just because your son couldn't keep it in his pants, doesn't mean my daughter has to alter her existence."

I'm no expert, but those sound like fighting words.

Gage groans, squeezing my hand under the table. This is getting ugly-fast.

"Well," Emma places her palms flat against the table. "I would love to point out the obvious, my son would not be in this predicament if it were not for your daughter and her stalker-like tendencies."

"Emma," Dr. Oliver closes his eyes as he says it.

"Stalker-like tendencies?" My mother is on fire. I've never seen her so rigid, so ready to attack, defend.

"You should have seen the way she threw herself on my nephew when she came to town," Emma cuts a quick glance to Logan. "Then, when he wanted nothing more to do with her, she glommed onto my poor son who was left defenseless by her womanly wiles. We're not used to fast city girls here on Paragon. She was like a novelty he couldn't resist, and now look where it's landed him."

Holy shit.

"You're right," Tad agrees as though she had made a profound philosophical statement regarding the lack of my psychological wellbeing.

"OK," Mom smoothes the red and green tablecloth with her palms. "I think I'm going to ask you to leave. I think all of this baby business is too much for us to handle tonight, and cooler heads need to prevail. We'll try again another time."

The Olivers and Logan are quick to exchange polite goodbyes, and head for the door.

Gage takes me by the hand and speeds after them, making me tag along while we follow them into the driveway.

"What was that about?" he hisses at his mother.

"So nice to have you home." Emma smiles, and pinches my cheek. "I'm sorry if I came across harsh, but I wanted to test your mother's maternal limits. It's clear to me she loves you, Skyla. She has your best interests at heart. I needed to know that you were safe in this house." She places her hand gently on my shoulder. "You will be my daughter-in-law one day. I won't stand for anyone to mistreat you."

"And what if you thought she didn't love me?" I ask.

An arctic blast of wind cuts through my clothes, reminds me that the hair in the back of my head is still sopping wet.

"I would have insisted you come and live with us." She brushes the back of her hand against my cheek, and I grab it and kiss it in gratitude.

"Thank you."

Dr. Oliver takes her by the hand, and they hurry to the car. Logan stays back until they're gone before coming over.

"You mind if I talk to you alone a minute?" He hesitates with his words as though a cliff waited on the other side of each syllable.

A blast of frigid air cuts sharp into my lungs.

I spit hard in his eye, and ignite a fiery slap against his cheek. When my hand connects I hear him say, I love you.

"Liar." It speeds out of me as the only truth I've said all night.

Chapter Eight

Welcome Home

"So, like, were you holed up in some cave?" Drake leans in secretively during breakfast.

I shake my head at him.

"Knew it," he smirks. "Gage had you stashed away in some seedy hotel. What happened? Ran out of funds? Looks like you ended up with the cash strapped Oliver. Should have stuck it out with the one that owns the bowling alley."

"I'd rather stick toothpicks in my eyes than saddle myself with him," I say it mostly to myself.

"I know you're ticked about him Frenching you in front of the fam, but the guy was worried sick. You would have thought he was the one with the missing girlfriend." He dips his head into his cereal and drinks from the side of the bowl.

Yeah, well, Logan was probably worried about not getting me over to the Counts in time. There's probably a stipulation that states he gets his balls chopped off at the next ritual if he doesn't produce me before New Year. It's no wonder he so suddenly loves me, it saves his ass quite literally. Bastard.

"We're glad to have you back, kiddo," Tad says, ruffling my hair.

I push back in amazement. He almost had me fooled. It's Christmas, all that peppermint and mistletoe makes people say all sorts of stupid things. Plus, my mother was probably withholding her body from him the entire time I was gone, so, of course, he's glad to have me back-and by the way-eww.

"Here." Mom glides a plate with a myriad of grotesque looking leftovers from last night's dinner at me.

"No thanks," I push it back in her direction.

"It's not for you. It's for the baby. I'm doing it, too. You know, to help get my body ready for when it finally happens." She pans over the twin plate set before her. "You need lots of protein to help that sweet little baby develop."

Turkey and gravy with glibbery bits of cranberry dressing smeared over everything does not a Christmas breakfast make.

"I don't think I can do this." I slide it even further down the counter. Just the harsh smell makes me gag.

She plops a giant orange pill in front of me and sets a cup of milk down.

"OK, Missy, but you're not turning this away. Take it." She's got that stern look in her eyes. I can tell I'm not getting away with refusing the overgrown vitamin, so I pop it and down the milk just to appease her.

"And by the way, I'm not pregnant," I say.

"Skyla!" She smiles in exasperation. "Let's not have this conversation again."

"No really, I'm not." The joke is over, it's gone on far too long. I hate the fact I'm going to have to battle this for the next nine months. She'll think I'm having one of those barely noticeable pregnancies that cause you to have the baby in the bathroom at prom. "Run upstairs, and grab a pregnancy test. I'll prove it right now."

"No." She places her hands firm on her hips. "You'll have a confirmation test at the specialist's," she leans in. "Listen, I had a normal period with Mia every single month. The doctor said it was far more common than you think. If that's what has you thinking you're in the clear, think again."

Oh, God, she's serious.

I open my mouth to say something, and it occurs to me she didn't say anything about her pregnancy with me because we both know darn well that it never happened. Just as I'm about to call her out on it, Mia bursts into the room.

"Skyla? Some girl named Chloe is here to see you."

***

Friends rarely see friends on Christmas. It's just that way, unless you live nearby, or your families are close, and neither of those happened to be the case. I speed over to the front door with my mother in tow as though she were just as curious to see what in the world Chloe Bishop would be doing at my door on this, the most holy day of the year.

"I have a spare gift you can give, in the event she's making a delivery," Mom whispers.

I seriously doubt Chloe picked anything out especially for me, and felt the need to haul it clear across the island Christmas morning. Nope, there's definitely a misery-inducing trauma waiting on the other side of this visit. Of that I'm sure.

The pale fog emanates from behind her like a spiritual aura. It testifies to her wickedness, giving the illusion she just stepped out of a caldron. She stains the doorway like a shadow until I hit the entry, and see her for what she is, malicious and soulless.

"Merry Christmas, Chloe," I say it curt.

"Skyla!" My mother swings the door wide, and waves her in.

"No, it's OK." Chloe shakes her head. "I brought you a gift," she looks past my mother at me. It's probably a python, a demented clown-an entire army of clown Fems. Chloe isn't the least bit interested in giving me a gift, so already I know this is bad. But nevertheless I have a gift for her.

"Did you hear?" I circle around my mother.

Chloe's ears peak back as though I had intercepted something malevolent she had been planning since the time of my disappearance.

"I'm having a baby." I place my hand strategically over my stomach. "Well, Gage and me." The pleasure of watching Chloe writhe is enough to justify the lie.

She washes over me wild with disbelief.

"Well, anyway," she cranes her neck in an effort to look behind me. "Is your dad home?"

Everything in me freezes. She of all people knows damn well my dad is dead, then it dawns on me she might mean Tad.

"It's sort of a gift for the whole family," she sneers in my direction.

"Honey!" Mom screeches out behind me.

An entire herd of people drain towards the entry.

"Mr. Landon?" Chloe blinks into him as Tad steps up to the threshold. "I happened to be at the gas station, and I met this guy who asked if I could give him a lift to see you." Chloe moves to the side exposing a boy about my age leaning on the post at the bottom of the stairs.

"Oh, my God," Tad whispers as he makes his way outside.

I recognize him from the time I was in the Transfer with Gage. It's the boy from the tank.

Ethan Landon.

Chapter Nine

Hello Again

A bird lets out a cry from somewhere deep in the forest, and the sound resonates in our world as though this hollow place we call home were somehow stretching into life. A frosty breeze blows Chloe's hair wild into the air-pulls it into the fog, like a shock of black flames.

"Ethan?" Tad nearly misses the first step as he falters down the porch over to the boy with neatly trimmed hair, dressed in a plaid flannel and jeans. "It really is you!" Tad locks him in a hard embrace. You can hear his muffled cries as he chokes out words mixed with tears into his neck. Turns out Tad is human after all, but is Ethan?

A cold shiver runs up my spine. It feels as though I'm watching something right out of a horror movie. Ethan, with his pale gaunt flesh is standing right here in front of me, when I know full well, both Gage and I saw him floating in a vat of blue fluid less than a couple of weeks ago.

Drake bolts down the stairs and knuckle bumps him before pulling him into a man hug.

"Bro, I knew you'd be back." Drake punches him hard in the arm. "Where've you been?"

"Dead." It takes a minute for him to laugh into it. A decidedly cold gleam in his eyes leaves me staggering with questions.

Dead is right.

"Lizbeth?" Tad turns around. "Gather everyone into the living room. We've got some explaining to do."

Tad escorts Drake's doppelganger into the house. Ethan gives a cutthroat grin in my direction as he moves past me.

"Hey, Messenger," Chloe calls.

I look back to make sure the rest of the family is free from her wrath.

"What?" I seriously doubt the fact she was pumping gas and happened to run into the second coming of Ethan Landon, whoever the hell he is.

"I suggest a paternity mix up with the bastard you're lugging around in your gut. It's going to get awkward when people see you with Dudley by your side," Chloe's teeth glitter when she says it. "The best part of letting Marshall almost in on the fact that I know his secret? He likes to play games as much as I do."

"Lucky me."

"No, Skyla-lucky me."

***

I send a 911 text to Gage before I hit the family room. The last thing I want is to experience this Countastrophy without him here to view it with me live, and in person.

There's a knock at the door, and I backtrack to let Gage in.

I bite down a smile before kissing him. I love the fact Gage is able to teleport anywhere, well, just about.

"Merry Christmas." He pushes out a killer grin before dotting my lips with a bonus kiss. "I have a gift for you," he says it seductive.

"Is it in your pants?" I don't hide the sarcastic inflection.

"Funny," he makes a face. "But yes, it's literally in my pants."

"Well, then we'll have to exchange gifts as soon as this fiasco is over," I say, pulling him into the family room with me.

We walk in to find Melissa seated next to Ethan with her arms locked tight around his waist. She's smiling like crazy through tears. Sprinkles, the rat-dog, as Tad now affectionately calls him, humps away on Ethan's shoe. It makes for a disturbing family picture, but Drake snaps it anyway.

"God!" Drake muses staring into the image on his phone. "You look totally the same, like you haven't aged a day."

That's because he hasn't.

"Does he have to be here for this?" Tad points over at Gage standing innocently by my side.

"He's family," my mother admonishes before pulling out a chair for me.

"You are," I whisper in his ear and watch the apples of his cheeks darken a shade as he pulls me in. It's strange how the entire world can unravel, people can come back from the dead and inject themselves into our lives, but none of it impacts our love for one another.

"OK," Tad claps his hands together. "Mia, Skyla-Gage," he says his name with disdain. "There is something I haven't shared with you. About a month after my wife passed away, my oldest son, Ethan," he pats his hand in his direction, "disappeared from our lives. We've had sporadic communication, and just when we thought he was coming back, we didn't hear from him again, until this wonderful morning."

"It's a Christmas miracle!" Melissa belts out the words in his face as she squeezes her arms around him. He plucks her off in haste and averts his eyes to the ceiling.

It's a miracle all right.

"So please, Ethan," Tad plucks a chair from the dining room and flips it backwards before sitting. "Tell us everything, and for God's sake tell me you're home for good."

"Oh, I'm f**king home," Ethan gives Tad a hard look, and I gasp into Gage. Ethan's really painting himself to be the devil Landon. Who knew they could get worse than Tad?

He must have really took it hard when his mom died to run away like that, Gage says, rubbing my arm. If I were Tad's son I'd probably consider the same thing. But then again, he was killed, so things didn't really work out that great for him.

"Where've you been?" Tad tries unsuccessfully to siphon information out of him.

"Here and there." Ethan is a stone. His entire face is frozen in a hard stare. He's not even really warming up to Melissa who hasn't stopped pawing him.

Sprinkles trots over to his other foot, and Ethan swiftly launches him across the room.

"Hey!" Mia barks.

"He didn't mean it," Melissa is quick to defend. "Sprinkles can be totally annoying sometimes."

"So," Tad continues his quest for knowledge, "are you enrolled in school? It's your senior year, you should be living it up."

"Nope." His hands stretch across the back of the sofa, and he openly belches in Melissa's face.

Gross.

Melissa wretches as she jumps off the couch.

"Ethan, I demand you tell me something. How did you find us? Will you stay with us? You're a part of our family. I really think you should consider this."

"Stop hounding me alright, Pops?" Ethan roars over to Tad. "I've been hanging with a couple friends, and no, I haven't been to school, but yes, I will get my ass back to class." He closes his eyes momentarily as though he already regrets his decision to come back. "I'll crash here," he gives a sly look in my direction. "I like the company."

"Well, you're welcome to stay with us," the words tremble from my mother's lips. Obviously this guy is in serious need of, more than a few, anger management sessions with Dr. Booth.

"Of course, you'll stay here," Tad offers. "You can have the den. You'll have to adhere to my rules though, like keeping up your grades and getting a job."

"Rules?" Ethan cuts me a look as though I were somehow responsible. "I've got a rule. Call me by my new name-Holden."

Chapter Ten

Body

I take Gage by the hand and bolt out the front door so fast I don't even rectify the mad dash by way of an excuse.

A violent spike of nausea rolls through me, and I yak right over the railing.

"Skyla? Is everything OK?" My mother speeds out the door. "You're sick! Oh, Hon, I'll make you some ginger tea."

"No," I spit the rancid taste out of my mouth. "I'm fine. I just needed some fresh air. Gage is here. I'll be OK."

"I'll take her for a walk," Gage offers, helping me down the stairs and into the street.

"What are we going to do?" I bounce on my heels in a panic.

His eyes darken as he stares out at some invisible horizon behind me.

"I don't know. I need some time to think." His dimples depress. "Don't worry, I'll be with you. We'll figure something out as soon as I can get over the fact you're living with that psychotic monster."

His cell goes off, and he turns to the side.

"Hey you guys!" Brielle hobbles down her driveway as she makes her way over.

Brielle is the last living soul I ever care to see. Well, maybe Holden tops her on that one, but just by a little. She and Logan are tied for number one on my ever-growing shit list.

"Merry Christmas! I so missed you!" She falls over me with a hug.

I pluck her off carefully. She's wearing bright red FMs covered in glitter, and right about now I'm wishing she'd click her heels together and disappear home.

"Are you kidding me?" I screech at her. "You tried to kill me. Don't even try and pull that I don't know what you're talking about crap because I am too far gone to play your stupid games."

A swarm of lavender clouds move swiftly above us. A storm is gearing up to pound our world. I hope it drowns half the residents.

"OK, look," her features sharpen. "I know we need to talk."

Talk-kill, the words seem interchangeable here on Paragon.

"I sort of gotta go." Gage flashes his phone at me.

"Chloe?" I practically gag on her name.

"It's my mom. I disappeared in the middle of her Christmas cheesecake, and she gets testy about things like that. You wanna come?"

I glance back at the house.

"I would love to come, but my stomach's all jacked up." If I puke after eating anything Emma makes, she might excommunicate me from meals forever. "You go ahead. I'll be OK. But, please, come back."

"I still need to give you my gift. I'll call you," he leans in and kisses my cheek. Gage takes off behind the house to transport himself in private.

"Let's go inside. It's freezing." Brielle rubs her bare arms up and down. "Drake told me about the baby, we can exchange notes."

"You're insane. I'm not the one having a baby around here, you are," I snap.

Her copper highlights accentuate her clear green eyes. She looks more like my mother than I do.

"Please, I really want to get past all this Count, Celestra bullshit. I've never bought into it, I swear." She holds three fingers up as if to testify.

"Fine, we can talk here." The least I can do is pump her for all the information she's worth, then again, Counts are prone to lying.

"I can't. I really have to sit down, these things are killing me." She lifts a sparkling hoof. "Can we go to your place? My mom's new boyfriend is over."

"We sort of have a guest of our own." I glare at the house as though it were Holden himself.

"Oh, what the hell, we can go up to my room," she offers, taking me by the hand. "It's not like you're going to stab every one of her boyfriends in the gut. Right?"

***

The thick scent of eggs and bacon permeates Brielle's house. Come to think of it, that's all Brielle's house ever smells like. From floor to ceiling, the place looks wrapped in white and blue toile with touches of pink interspersed. Actually the entire house looks like a nursery-lucky for Brielle because she's the one who's actually having a baby.

"Sweetie!" Darla comes toward me at top speed. "You were so dirty last night, I was frightened for you. Are you feeling OK? Brielle told me about the-" she points to my stomach.

"Oh, well, actually-" I start.

A tall, dark haired man comes out of the kitchen examining the label on the back of a whipped cream can.

"Sweetie, I think this expired twelve days ago. I might have to arrest you for negligible refrigeration practices." He lifts his head with a grin.

It's him!

Demetri freaking Edinger.

I can't breathe or move or think.

An amber mosaic vase catches the corner of my eye, and I have a serious flashback of cutting Logan's face with the Root Beer bottle. Without hesitating I snatch it up with both hands and smash it into the sofa table.

First, I'm taken aback by the initial heft and, second, I'm rather disappointed that it shattered into a million tiny pieces leaving me with twin shards that could hardly illicit a paper cut.

"Stand back!" I shout, hopping up on the couch.

"Shoes!" Darla points hard at the apparent sin I'm committing by having my feet on her furniture, totally disregarding the fact I've just turned her vase into confetti.

"I will cut you, I swear," I hiss over at him.

His arms fly up, and a thread of whipped cream flies through the air like a thin anemic snake.

"Whoa, what's going on?" He looks genuinely perplexed.

"You're what's going on. I know exactly who you are."

"Have we met?" He looks indignant as though he truly were clueless as to who I am.

"I'm not buying your bullshit, Demetri. Brielle was there, she knows." I hiss his name out as though it were vile, which it totally is.

Brielle snatches me by the elbow and pulls me off the couch.

"She's not feeling so good," she says, leading me up the stairs.

That's an understatement.

"Oh, and, Skyla?" Demetri lifts his dark eyes over at me. "I hear you've had a lengthy absence," his words swirl through the air like toxins. "It's nice to have you back."

Chapter Eleven

Fear Everyone

I slam shut Brielle's bedroom door and try sliding the dresser over, but it's attached to the wall, so I arm myself with a ruler from off her desk.

"What the hell is going on? Is this some kind of trap?" I should have known Brielle's invitation was nothing more than a set up for a Christmas day slaughter.

"I knew you'd freak. Would you stop already?" Brielle drills the air with her protest.

I go over and lay on the bed trying to stave off tears over the fact that the man who is directly responsible for my father's death is downstairs enjoying dessert, and my father can't enjoy a single breath.

"Explain yourself," I say.

"OK, so I totally didn't know you were coming to Logan's initiation that one night. At first, I thought, oh this is cool, Skyla's here to support her ex, which shows a lot of character, but then I was like, wait, I have the bonding bloodguilt tied to a tree, so what's up with Logan declaring her as the prize?"

I cut her off. "What's a bonding bloodguilt?"

"You know, Logan has to capture something and shed its blood as a demonstration of the old him passing away and the new him coming into his own as a Count."

"Why wasn't Ellis there?" Then again maybe he was. I wasn't exactly holding roll call.

"He never goes to stuff like that." She flicks her wrist in the air.

"So does Ellis know you're a Count?" Ellis, very distinctly, told me he didn't know about Brielle, nor did he believe she even knew what a Count was.

"I just found out about him." She ticks her head to the side.

Great. Now I don't know who to believe, probably no one-except Gage. Gage is a life raft on rough open seas.

"So anyway," she continues, "what the hell happened to you? One minute you were there, and the next you disappeared."

"Did I disappear?" I bite down on a devious smile. "Are you sure the storm didn't hit at the exact right time, and I didn't run off into the forest?" I don't see why I should fess up to everything with Brielle.

Her mouth opens at the epiphany. "So that's what happened?" She flicks a finger outside the door. "Demetri tried to tell me that, but I wasn't buying it."

I examine her fully, for a minute straight.

"Isn't it strange that he pretended not to know me at first?" I ask.

"You just caught him off guard. Plus your hair was wet that night, and you were running around in pajamas."

"Dress," I correct. "I was wearing a dress. So I guess there's nothing else to do but call the police," I shrug.

"Police? For what?"

"Demetri Edinger. He came after me with a knife, he tried to kill me." I recoil in fear.

Her eyes ignite into brilliant sharp flames as she leans over.

"I believe it was Logan who planned to cut you," Brielle slashes me with her venom. "Death wasn't on the agenda that night. In case you don't understand how the bloodguilt works, Logan was about to cast you as an undesirable soul, leaving you forever exempt from all Count rituals. So, if anything, you should write Demetri a thank you for agreeing to play along. But, as far as your blood is concerned, you still hold a giant bull's eye on the back of your Celestra ass. Or maybe you'd like to defect, like the rest of your crew?"

Logan was trying to save me? I gulp down the thought as I try and shake the image of him hovering over me with a knife out of my brain.

"I won't be defecting anytime soon," I say. "I don't like Demetri Edinger, and I will never thank him for anything as long as I live."

***

The next day, Mom makes sure to delivery me to Dr. Booth's office along with a belated Christmas present wrapped in tinfoil.

"Chocolate," I say, placing it on his desk, dejected.

His forehead rises, creating a series of deep-set wrinkles that can rival those on any Shar Pei puppy.

"I heard you were missing. I'm glad to see you're OK." Dr. Booth takes a deep breath and relaxes back into his tufted leather chair. He looks decidedly like everybody's favorite uncle, the one you know will give you money on Christmas and your birthday, complete with a nice warm hug, but is wise enough to stay out of your business-thus earning himself the title of best relative ever. Unfortunately for me, Dr. Booth is neither my uncle, nor does he stay out of my private affairs because he just so happens to be the shrink Mom and Tad pay in cash to evaluate the fragile state of my being.

This afternoon, he's wearing a tweed jacket with a bright red dress shirt underneath, topped off with a navy tie. Probably something his wife picked out for Christmas. It makes him look a bit out of character, dressed far more sheik and less geek than usual.

I spill my guts about Logan, the rock of death, and everything that ensued thereafter.

Dr. Booth studies me as though the very answers I was seeking were written across my forehead all along. I smooth the palm of my hands across my jeans just waiting for something profound to espouse from his lips.

"You think Demetri knew you were coming?"

"I don't know, but I doubt it."

"The reason I'm asking is the Counts are particular about their ceremonies. In fact, one might say they're outright meticulous. Shifting gears in the middle of a ritual is rare form."

"Demetri Edinger killed my father. He doesn't play by any rules."

"And what about Logan? Have you spoken with him regarding the incident?"

"No." Nor do I plan to.

"Has he tried communicating with you?"

If you call jamming his tongue down my throat a form of communication.

"No," I say, "he hasn't."

"It'll be interesting to see what he has to say for himself."

I nod.

Oh, it'll be interesting all right.

If I choose to listen-or believe him.

***

Days drift by. I sequester myself in my room, unable to sleep and ironically puking daily like it's some new ritual.

Gage and I spend all of our time in the butterfly room locked in a tangle of limbs, bathing one another in hot ripe kisses.

I like it like this with Gage, free from Holden who's driving Tad insane with his voracious appetite, free from Demetri who is busy setting up shop in Paragon while taking care of his grandfather's estate. Rumor has it he's a foot soldier in the army of Paragon's finest. Apparently that's how Demetri stays one step ahead of the law. He is the law. Can't wait to see him roaming the streets wielding a gun of all things.

"So, tell me what happened while I was away." I lean into his chest.

"That day you disappeared, when the bell rang and class was over, I tried to catch up with you in the hall. I wanted to know what went on with Dudley after Chloe's outburst. Anyway, I kept calling you, and you wouldn't turn around."

Just knowing that a Fem took my place creeps me out.

"Did she look like me?"

"Identical. When I finally caught up to her, she looked right through me. I knew something wasn't right. She didn't say anything just went into the girl's gym, never came out. When school was over, Logan and I combed through that entire building."

"I was with Marshall. He took me to a field and told me to run while he shot arrows all around me. I think I'll be OK as long as Chloe doesn't ask anymore stupid questions."

"I was more than pissed off at her. She came over to the bowling alley the next day and I just lost it. I told her off," he lets out a heavy sigh. "I've never told off a girl before and, to tell the truth, I still don't see her as one-more like a monster."

"I second that."

"Anyway, the night of the blood bonding, Logan came home, told me what happened. He said you disappeared before he could, you know, cut you," the last few words come out barely audible. "Logan wants to talk to you," Gage growls the words right into my ear.

"No," I don't even hesitate.

"He'll be there tonight."

Ellis is having a get together later, and to be honest, I'd rather not go.

"Well, then, I'd hate for him to accidentally drown in the pool." Who am I kidding? I can't kill Logan. Gage prophesied he'd live to be a ripe old age, like me. Maybe I should work harder at disfiguring him. "Why doesn't Chloe like him?" I lament. "I'm so sick of all her blackmail, it's emotionally draining. If only Chloe had a secret. We could blackmail her."

"She does." A male voice emanates from below. Holden pops up sporting his new Landon disguise and forces me deeper into Gage's arms.

"Yeah?" Gage isn't even fazed by the fact Holden is crawling into the butterfly room. "What's her secret?"

"I don't know." He runs his fingers through his hair while spearing me with contempt. "You could have at least got me a halfway decent body," he scoffs, inspecting his pale, thin arms.

"Why don't I kill you again and we can start from scratch," I suggest.

"You're not funny."

"And you're not Ethan," I quip.

"Look," he barks above a whisper, "I'm friggin sorry about what happened that night at the falls. Trust me, nobody is more sorry than me that I ever laid eyes on you. And besides," he softens with the look of a clear agenda written across his face, "if we're going to live under the same roof and have the same enemies, we might as well be friends."

Friends? This should be good.

"Tad is your enemy?" I wouldn't even go that far in describing my decrepit relationship with my stepfather.

"Chloe," he gives a long blink as though he were tiring of my stupidity.

"Tell us what you know," Gage is as desperate as I am.

"I don't know Chloe's secret. Only one person did, and she's dead."

"Who's that?" I ask, stunned.

"My sister."

Chapter Twelve

I'm Gonna Kiss You All Over

Holden shows up at Ellis' party, and you would think he knew everyone here the way he paraded around and commandeered the crowd. Oh, wait, he does.

"At least he's not shy." Logan leans over the kitchen counter as we observe Holden doing body shots off Emily Morgan's stomach.

"Most Counts aren't," I say, watching Brielle knock over an end table in an attempt to dance on it.

Gage has been hijacked by Chloe for a meeting of the minds, with her proliferating her insanity, and Gage pretending to care. She swore up and down she heard Dudley was coming then gasped in surprise when my new boyfriend decided to stand me up me so publicly.

"So, rumors are going around about you." Logan points a finger towards my midsection.

"Are you still here?" I'm completely annoyed by his presence. "Don't you realize I would rather listen to Fems discuss the way they're going to strip the flesh off my bones than speak to you?"

"I swear, Skyla, I was trying to save you. It was an idea that came to me at the last second. When I saw you there, the first thing I wanted to do was take you home, then I realized you would be the perfect sacrifice."

"So the Counts couldn't touch me again," I scoff. "Brielle told me all about it."

"And you don't believe it." He looks down at the counter filled with disappointment.

"Why should I? What would it gain Demetri to OK yet another throwaway Celestra? And a pure one at that?"

"I don't know," Logan secures my eyes with his own, "but he was willing."

"And if he wasn't? If he demanded my capture and had me hooked up to Pierce's fangs by midnight-what would you have done then?"

Logan's amber eyes glisten as he hesitates with the answer.

"Nothing," I hiss. "Because if I didn't get myself out of that one, I wouldn't be here today, would I?"

"Yes, I swear to you, you'd be standing right here. I could have taken you home after. We wouldn't have to fight or win a faction war because you would have been untouchable to the Counts." He steps in close until I can feel the heat emanating from off his body, feel his sad eyes stretch over me with pure agony. "Plus, that way you got a good look at some of the Count players on Paragon. They've always known who you are, and now the shoe is on the other foot."

"A lot of good that will do me. Did you get your initiation?"

"We used a goat."

A vague thought begins to twitch on the outskirts of my mind. That dream I had weeks ago still bothers me, the one with a round flat stone, Brielle and her goat.

"What?" He washes over me with a heavy look of concern.

"Nothing." I dreamed about the future, well, somewhat inaccurately, but I did. I haven't dreamed anything significant since. I'll have to start experimenting with Gage and his kisses, see how far they'll get me while enjoying the ride.

"There's always Dudley," Logan says looking behind me.

"What did you say?" If Logan has procured some bizarre super power to hear my thoughts without touching me, we're going to have a real freaking problem.

"Dudley-he's behind you."

I turn in time to see Marshall wrap his arms around my waist from the back and kiss the side of my face like he was my boyfriend.

Dear God.

I need to find out Chloe's secret and fast.

"Shall we go outside?" Marshall presents the idea loud enough for Logan to hear.

"She's not going anywhere with you. You're a lunatic." Logan stands as though he were looking for a fight.

"No, Logan," I grit the words, "you are."

I take Marshall by the hand and lead him out the door.

***

I walk with Marshall under a three quarter moon openly holding his hand while playing along with Chloe's game, but mostly I'm doing this to scare the hell out of Logan who I know full well is stalking us like a lion. I can feel Logan's hatred for Marshall as thick as the hatred Gage feels towards him. I seem to be the only one who doesn't hate Marshall. He's the one person I should fear and can't.

We head out to the side of the house, free from the bodies jostling and screaming for Marshall's attention. He's like a novelty here.

"I guess people really think we're together," I say.

"Rumor has it we're starting a family," he gives a sly smile.

"Right." I roll my eyes at the thought. Marshall has a strange fantasy of having kids with me. It's bizarre, sort of like him.

The strong scent of jasmine fills my senses as we make our way past the flower garden that borders the property.

He pulls me into the paper white trunk of a birch tree and steals a quick kiss.

"Don't do that." I consider yanking my hands free and slapping Marshall, but it will only incite Logan to go ninja all over his ass.

"Do you have a vision for me?" I whisper.

"Change your mind, did you?"

I don't dare clue Marshall in on the fact this might be a good time to test my dream aptitude after one of his kisses, that it will give Logan nightmares for a good long while all at the same time.

Marshall raises our conjoined hands.

"Oh, right." I keep forgetting Marshall can hear me if he's touching me, he's Celestra that way, only he's not.

"I have the best abilities of each faction," he muses in a seductive manner. Letting Marshall woo me like this would have been easy if there were no Gage. For sure, it wouldn't matter if Logan were around. I'm completely over him. I think.

We fall into a simple kiss saturated with Marshall's feel good sensations. It is bliss like this with Marshall until I realize I have a boyfriend and try to push him away, but he grabs me by the waist, and a picture begins to emerge.

It's Logan's Mustang swaying, gyrating. I'm lying in the backseat in a ball gown. Logan is beside me taking off his clothes while covering my neck in passionate kisses.

I pull away and smack Marshall hard in the chest.

"No!" I say sharply.

"Are you rebuking me or the vision?" He seems equally stunned at the prospect of both ideas.

"Why can't you ever show me anything decent?"

"I didn't show you anything yet, you simply saw what you wanted."

"Bullshit!" OK, so, I may have had that very thought at least a couple of times before.

"Try me." He pulls me in by the back of the neck and indulges in a penetrative kiss.

A field emerges, there's a pool of blood. Someone is lying on the ground, hurt. We're in danger. I can feel it. Their face is coming into focus-

Marshall is plucked off me, as Logan smashes his fist into his mouth.

"Stop!" I kick Logan hard in the shin.

"What?" He looks perplexed. "Did you want that?"

I cover my mouth unexpectedly.

"Are you cheating on Gage?" The whites of his eyes glint over me, accusingly.

"No. I would never do that. I love him." I wipe Marshall's taste off my lips with the back of my hand.

Marshall staggers backwards, examining the blood from his mouth.

"I'll leave you two to digest the situation," he takes off towards the house.

Logan appraises me in the stale light emanating from the back porch where voices pierce through the muted silence every now and again by way of a disjointed cry of laughter.

He doesn't believe me. I can tell by the look in his eye. He's bewildered by the fact I'd be in a lip lock with, of all people, Marshall.

Logan picks up my hand. He's dangerous. Let me take you home.

No, I try to free my fingers from his grip, but he clasps on a little firmer. I don't trust you, I say.

His amber beams tunnel through me with a spear of suspicion. And, for the first time-I'm not sure I trust you.

Chapter Thirteen

Love Like This

I hitch a ride home with Holden-Holden of all people. Marshall disappeared soon after, to tend to his swollen lip 'professionally' as he put it.

I lock myself in my bedroom and sit on the window bench, watch the lethargic fog float by easy as a dream. I wait for Gage and my heart breaks every minute. I need a muzzle around Marshall, a chastity belt-a shield. I'm a horrible girlfriend. And I can't let Marshall sway me with his ridiculous glimpses into the future anymore. I mean, think about it, there's never been anything I've been able to stop, nothing at all I can use to my benefit. I bet, all along, he's been trying to erode my relationship with Gage.

Gage sends a text letting me know he'll be here in one hour. He just dropped Chloe off, and there's a storm on that end of the island.

I don't hesitate in texting Logan.

Can we talk? ~S

Where?

Butterfly room ~S

If I want to keep my relationship with Gage intact, I need to be as honest as I can with Logan-or at least as honest as I want to be.

***

It's like old times, me waiting for Logan and him crawling down through the hatch coming to see me.

His hair is slicked back. A trail of woodsy cologne swims over to me long before he does.

Logan sits Indian style across from me with anguish pulsating out of him like a geyser. We sit there, taking one another in as though we were laying eyes on each other for the very first time.

He picks up my hands and I let him. He fondles my fingers, molests them with an intensity he wishes he could extend to the rest of my body. A great sadness intervenes and I hold back the urge to cry. I used to know him, thought I did anyway, and now look where we are-lost and broken, belonging to somebody else.

I don't belong to anybody, but you. He resonates a thick sense of loss even through his smile.

I do.

Who does your heart belong to? Logan is filled with suspicion. Is it Dudley or Gage?

"Gage." I rattle his hands off me.

"Then why were you kissing Dudley?"

This might be the last moment that I keep my dirty little secret to myself. If I tell Logan, then I'll have to tell Gage because the last thing I want is for Logan and I to have a shared secret.

"Emerson knew something about Chloe. If I can find out what it was, I might be able to free myself from her blackmail." My lips take a surprising U-turn. I'm a little relieved I didn't tell him the real reason I was falling into Marshall's mouth.

"And Dudley can help you with this?" He looks doubtful.

"Maybe." Truth is, I hadn't thought of it until now.

"So, that's why you were kissing him?"

"No, Logan, Marshall was kissing me. I was trying to stop him."

"You weren't struggling, Skyla," he shakes his head. "There's something else."

"Maybe there is. Maybe I'm sick of being such an open book to you-sick of you holding all the cards, showing me your poker hand whenever you feel like it."

"You're going to hurt Gage. He's been nothing but honest with you."

"I have no intention of hurting Gage ever." I glare over at him.

"Did you ever have an intention of hurting me?"

"Logan!" How could he?

"I'm sorry," he looks down, dejected. "I built this lousy boat and pushed it out to sea. I'm the reason you're with Gage to begin with."

"What about destiny?"

"I guess I dovetailed right into it." He gives a hard stare at the wall. "Or, I should say, out of it."

"Don't be mad at yourself." I can't bear looking at Logan in his constant state of affliction.

A half smile slinks up his cheek and dents his face where I cut him.

"You kissed Dudley to hurt me," his eyes widen with pleasure.

"Maybe I did."

He takes up my hand and glides it over his cheek before kissing it. "Then I'm still in the game."

***

Trying to get rid of Logan and his scent is like trying to scrub lighter fluid off your body with matches. He seals himself like oil, coating me from the inside like a layer of toxic sludge. I wish I'd never invited him here. He makes me miserable. It's hard to believe he once ignited my world with passion, and now the thought of him sends me into an angry tirade. Worse, he still has the ability to elicit those familiar urges in me that I find impossible to extinguish.

Gage appears at the closet door as a horrific thought comes to me. Dear God, what if I do still have feelings for Logan? What if no matter how psychotic he turns out to be, a part of me refuses to let him go? I'll go insane if that's true. You can't love someone you can't trust-someone who wishes they could have cut your flesh for sport while pledging allegiance to the enemy. Can you?

I pat Gage over to the bed and he comes to me with his eager smile, taking off his jacket, his shoes, his jeans.

Holy crap!

"What's gotten into you?" Usually I wouldn't mind Gage's hypersexual behavior but, in truth, I'm emotionally all over the place tonight and that just happens to be the one place I'm not.

"OK," he presses in a soft kiss, darts over me with those cerulean blue sirens and dimples out a smile.

God, I love Gage.

I lean my head back and let him circle my neck with kisses. Marshall and Logan melt off my shoulders one by one.

"I've got an idea," he gives a husky whisper. As a rule, Gage tends to ruin the moment with his ideas when we're in the throes of passion. "We do whatever it takes to get dirt on Chloe, and fast."

My eyes spring open. "Fast? Did something happen?"

"Let's say fast is an understatement."

"Did she touch you?"

"No, and I won't let her, but apparently it's not going to stop her from trying. I'll protect you, Skyla but I'm not going as far as Chloe would like me to."

For the first time I feel the very real danger that I'm in.

"OK, we'll do whatever it takes." I have a feeling it's going take a lot more than I'm willing to give.

"We can mine Holden for everything he knows."

"Oh, right, Holden." My mind went straight to Marshall. I'm actually relieved it's Holden. I've already killed him once, so I can't help but feel like I've got the upper hand.

"You don't have to be afraid. I'll be there with you."

"Thank you," I run my fingers through his soft, fine hair.

Gage purges the problems of the world by way of his tempered kisses-the way his hands offer a light massage to my shoulders as he does it. If only we could freeze time and live in this moment forever-just Gage and me and his magical kisses. There's no better feeling in the world than being alone with Gage.

"I love you so much," I say.

"You do?" Dark shadows emit in place of his dimples.

"Oh, I do." I bite down gently on his lip.

"Perfect." His warm hands slide up my shirt.

"Perfect?" I bite down on my lip seductively.

"I'm ready to share everything with you." Gage pulls in close with his knees on either side of me.

A tight lump gets caught in my throat. It's the shower scene all over.

"But we're not in a hotel room." It speeds out me like the excuse it is. I want to have this experience with Gage, just not here, not like this. Besides, he prophesied our first time would specifically be in a hotel.

He leans in and gives one hot breath into my ear. "We will be."

Chapter Fourteen

Nevermore

The morning fog glides by my window in strips like elongated tails from some prehistoric beast. I miss Gage with a heartfelt ache even though he left less than an hour ago. Everything in my world is hollow without him around. I find myself moving through increments of incomprehensible solitude until the very next time I see him, nothing but a grey existence. Then he comes and the universe fires back up again, colors sing their songs and I'm filled with life.

It's so strange having to stave him off, having to convince him for once that maybe the Landon house isn't the best place for anything too serious to happen. And, I wonder why I have to convince myself to begin with? Gage is a god. I should be kneeling at his altar just waiting for his command to have me.

I open the casement window and take in the scent of fresh dewy earth. The raw oils of the eucalyptus trees bleed its sweet bouquet. A dark shadow flies from branch to branch.

"Nevermore!" I shout with bubbling laughter.

My bird. I have him back.

He swoops over.

I crank out the window until he crouches inside.

"You're better," I muse, stroking the back of his head. "Nasty Chloe will never get you again." I stop just short of promising. Apparently, I have no real control where Chloe is concerned.

"Chloe," he croaks.

I make a face. I don't really care for him saying her name.

I lay my hand flat on his back-immobilize his wings from trying to part as he twitches from side to side.

Skyla.

My hand retracts.

"Did you say my name?" A startled gasp emits from my throat. "I think I heard you." I place my hand gently on his side. "Oh, my God, I can hear your thoughts."

I don't have many thoughts, Skyla. You might be disappointed.

"Tell me about yourself. Gage said you're a bound spirit. What happened?"

I was received by Hal Bishop when he was a youth. For a time, I was his daughter's keeper, transferred to Gage Oliver and now I belong to you.

"So, are you a Nephilim? You're not a Count are you?" The idea doesn't even mildly amuse me.

I was born into the Countenance. I've been disgraced and removed from the faction.

"Countenance," I say horrified. "So how'd you end up a bird?" Seems like a rather drastic demotion.

Justice alliance.

There's a harsh knock on my door, and the knob rattles. It's Mom shouting for me to come downstairs.

"I gotta go. Can we talk again?"

I have nothing but time.

***

"What?" I storm into the kitchen to find Mom pulling out the jelly and bread from the fridge.

"The clinic called and they bumped up your appointment for tomorrow morning. I just got off the phone with Emma and told her we'd swing by and pick up Gage in a couple of hours."

"Wait, that super fertility clinic in Seattle?"

"Yes!" Her eyes spark like brilliant emeralds as though I was five and we were going to Disneyland. "Oh, Honey, it's the best state of the art facility. And wait until you meet my doctor! He's so nice and super gorgeous. He reminds me a lot of Mr. Dudley."

"No way, uh-uh. I'm not having any super gorgeous man examine me for babies," only it sounds more like rabies when I say it.

She clunks the jelly down onto the counter.

"You, Skyla, should have thought about that before you decided to make a very grownup decision and slept with Gage." Her hands fly past me as she unscrews the enormous jar of baby vitamins, shoving one in my hand.

I roll my eyes at how ludicrous this all is. My mouth flies open in protest then I shut it again. Why not let her super fantastic fertility clinic tell her she's wrong? Maybe the next time she and Tad doubt me, they'll remember all the money they forked over the last time they decided not to believe.

I grab a glass of water and reluctantly swallow the giant horse pill.

"So, tell me more about this trip," I pull out a knife and help her assemble a plethora of sandwiches.

"Well, I thought we could make a little getaway out of it. You know, eat dinner at the Space Needle," she twists her lips. "And I have my eye on this hotel overlooking the water. It's going to be very romantic."

"Um, that's nice." I think. Why does it feel completely wrong to have your mother hooking you up with a romantic getaway? Well, she'll be there, so obviously there won't be anything really romantic happening under her watchful supervision.

"So, you guys heading outta town?" Drake walks in with his evil twin Holden.

"Yup. Just Gage, me, and the 'rents. Aren't I lucky?" I whisper as I pick up the mail he just spilled all over the counter.

An envelope addressed to Mia Landon.

"What's this?" I ask, picking up the letter to my sister sans the correct last name.

Mom snaps it up and howls for Mia to come downstairs.

"It's official!" She shouts running her pinky through the back of the envelope. "We've got another Landon in the house!"

"What?" I know Mia talked about changing her last name, but...

"While you were gone, Mia and I went down to the courthouse, and today," she rattles the paper in her hand, "your sister has a new name."

"It's here!" Mia and Melissa happy dance while Mom flaunts the letter as though it were a banner.

I'm not sure why I can't find it in my heart to be happy for Mia. I know she's wanted it and I understand why, but my father resonates in the back of my mind like a soft bell that only knows one note. I can't let him go. I don't think I ever will.

"Mom?" I ask as Mia and Melissa take their woo-hooing upstairs.

"Yes!" She's so jubilant now she's like the human version of a helium balloon.

"If there were a way to see Dad again, would you want to, you know, see him?" Her eyes sharpen over at me as though I had asked something profoundly embarrassing.

"Oh, of course, Skyla, don't be ridiculous. That you even have to ask is an insult." She wipes her hands down with a towel.

Tad calls for her.

"I'll be right back," she speeds out of the room.

Holden comes over, and stands beside me until our shoulders touch.

"Going to use some of that Celestra voodoo to make that visit to Daddy happen?" he whispers.

I look up at Drake, losing himself in some lingerie catalog that came for Mom.

"Yes, I am," I say, picking up the knife off the counter just to be safe.

"Good, because I wouldn't want you to get rusty," he gives a crooked grin. "I've got a few pit stops I need to make myself."

"Yeah, well, I've sort of met my quota on illegal light drives with Ellis."

"Nothing illegal, just want to see my sister."

I snap my head in his direction.

For once, Holden Kragger has a brilliant idea.

Chapter Fifteen

Get Away

We arrive at the Oliver's house with a car full of overnight bags for our first dysfunctional family outing.

"Come in!" Emma hugs my mother as though they never exchanged barbs the other night. "He just brought his things down." She points to a duffle bag by the door.

Gage swoops in and takes me by the hand. We head into the kitchen where Logan is funneling chocolate syrup into a near empty gallon of milk. He gives a weak half smile before replacing the lid and shaking the container until it's foaming with bubbles.

"So, Holden wants to light drive and see Emerson," I say. It feels like the only conversation possible that can take place between the three of us.

"I won't let you go alone." Logan stops shy of putting the milk to his lips.

"You won't let me?" I snipe.

My stomach does a hard roll. What is this? How can I possibly be getting sick every single morning when I haven't even had a complete sexual fantasy? It's like my mother put some sort of spell on me, and now I'm being tormented with morning sickness.

"I mean I don't want you to," his expression softens. "You're insane if you do." Logan gives a despairing look.

"Well, I'm going," I say it mostly to piss him off.

"You're not thinking clearly." Logan gags on his words. "First Dudley, now Holden?"

I gasp.

He so, did not just go there. I thought I made it clear to him Marshall was an off limit topic around Gage. But obviously I-

An explosion of heat rips through my insides, and my stomach lurches. I barely have enough time to turn as I vomit into the sink.

"Oh, Honey!" My mother trots over in hysterics. "She's been so sick-throwing up every day."

"I'm OK!" I rinse off my face and clean the sink. Shit! Not exactly something you want to do in front of your boyfriend, ex-boyfriend, and all parents involved. Obviously, I'm on the friends and family vomit plan. Holy freaking shit. What in the hell is going on?

I pluck a dozen paper towels off the rack and turn to a crowd of overly concerned faces.

"You know what they say," Mom starts, "a sick mommy means a healthy baby!"

I close my eyes in defeat.

"So, where are they going to live once the baby is born?" Tad eyes the kitchen as though he were marveling at their riches.

"Oh, I don't think they need to move in together." Mom actually sounds embarrassed, for once, by her moronic other half.

"Sure they do," he continues, "Gage is going to want to see the baby when it's screaming at three A.M. to give it a bottle."

"Skyla is breastfeeding," Mom interjects.

Shoot me now.

Heat rushes to my face as I catch Logan cast a lewd smile in my direction as if he were the baby in question.

"And I'm sure he's going to be interested in what it feels like changing up to twenty diapers a day," Tad continues his idiotic spiel. "All things we have to look forward to," he looks to Mom, accusingly.

"Don't forget two A.M., four A.M., and five A.M. feedings. If the baby is anything like Gage, it will never sleep," Emma chortles into her fingers.

I look over to Gage. Is she for real?

"I'm sure it'll all work out," Gage offers.

Great. Saying those words in front of Tad is like stepping on a landmine.

"Oh, so you think it'll be business as usual?" Tad balks. "You think having a baby and a wife, at seventeen, is a walk in the park? Well, aren't you in for a rude awakening."

Mom openly glares over at him. "The good thing is they are very much in love. And they'll have each other, as well as, a supportive family to lean on when things get tough. You can't always press into the negative."

You can hear a freaking pin drop in the room, the refrigerator whirs, the heater switches on sending a blast of warm air over my shoulders, and nothing but silence from those with breath in their lungs. I don't think I've ever seen Mom shoot Tad such venom.

"Most teen marriages end in divorce," Tad fires back.

Logan presses out a devilish grin.

"What's so funny?" I fire over at him.

The smile drops off his face as the room begins to clear.

"Wait," I pull Dr. Oliver back by the elbow. Mom and Tad are already saying goodbye to Emma at the door. "Why am I so sick if I'm not really having a baby?" I'm panicked over this. "What if there's a Fem growing inside me?"

"Have you made changes to your diet recently?" His salt and pepper brows rise with concern.

"Well, not really, I've been in such shock over Holden moving in with us, I haven't really eaten anything except that horse pill Mom keeps shoving down my throat."

"What horse pill?"

"Some mega vitamin that helps babies grow hair on their chest."

"Prenatal," he nods, knowingly. "You shouldn't take it without food. The side effect could very well be vomiting. Sounds like we've found the culprit."

"Oh, yeah," I figured Mom played into the equation somehow. "Thank you."

"Not a problem. Let's not make this nightmare a reality." He looks from me to Gage before leaving the room.

"Speaking of nightmare, I can't find my wallet." Gage gives a quick kiss to my cheek. "I'll go check my room one more time," he says before disappearing.

Logan spears me with a look of longing. He holds the frothy gallon of milk out towards me like a peace offering.

I shake my head. I don't want anything from Logan. Logan is dangerous. Handling a wholesome dairy product does not ease the effects of the malfeasance he's guilty of.

He places the milk jug on the counter and makes his way over. I'm paralyzed by his magnetic gaze. I know I should run for the door but something inside urges me to stay. My heart picks up pace and my breathing grows erratic. Something stirs within me. He looks boyish, pristine like old Logan, and I wish it were true.

He reaches over and picks up my hand, clasps our fingers as natural as breathing.

Skyla. A clear look of agony is written all over his face, his sad shoulders. It pulsates off his body in steady waves of dejection. Acres of time elapse locked in his solemn gaze.

"Honey, you coming?" Mom peers her head into the kitchen. Her eyes widen with surprise when she pans down at our hands. "I'll just be-" she points to the door and disappears.

"I gotta go." I try to pry my fingers loose. "Look, I'm happy with Gage. You should be happy for me, too." The words come out depressed, like meaningless semantics you would utter to someone grieving, when you know there really are no words.

Logan doesn't bother hiding his disapproval-he's rabid with jealousy.

He drops his gaze to the counter and expels a morbid sigh. I'm really sorry that I can't be happy for you. There is only one word to describe how I'm feeling, and that's devastated. I love you, Skyla. I always will.

Chapter Sixteen

Needle in a Haystack

A heavy mist covers the island, the water, and any view we might have of the mainland. A flock of geese dart over the boat, honking and flapping their wings as they fade in and out of the scenery.

Mom and Tad are nestled below deck, which naturally drives Gage and I up top to experience the elements first hand.

I nestle into the crook of his arm and relax, trying to get my breathing in rhythm with his, so we can rise and fall at the same time.

He bends over, and gives a gentle kiss just above my ear before digging deep into his pocket, fishing out a little black bag no bigger than a credit card.

"What's this?" I ask as he places it in my hand.

"Your Christmas present."

"I don't have yours," I say, feeling like the world's lousiest girlfriend.

"Just having you back is enough," he pauses to kiss my cheek. "Go ahead, open it."

I cinch back the thin cord, dip my fingers inside the small velvet sack. The cold feel of metal greets me, and I bite down a smile as I pull it out.

A silver charm bracelet, delicate and shining, twin hearts welded together dangle from the center. There's something engraved on the front, and I hold it up close to read it. For my love, Forever Gage.

"I love it!" I squeeze him with a death grip. It's the sweetest thing anyone has ever given me.

"I'm glad you like it." He helps me put it on. "So, I guess we're spending the night."

I look up to see his dimples fully inverted.

"Yeah, well, I'm more than positive there will be strict guidelines when it comes to sleeping arrangements." Although, there will be a hotel room involved. My mind starts to percolate with possibilities.

His lips twist in disappointment.

"You're really serious, aren't you?" I pat my hand over his chest.

"Yes, I'm serious. I love you," he gives a smoky grin. "And, I'm ready." He kisses my hand. "How about you?"

I bite down on my lower lip to quell my excitement and nod.

"Don't get your hopes up for tonight," I say. "My mom may think I'm headed for the maternity ward, but she'll be cold in a casket before she lets me shack up with my boyfriend under her nose." Plus, I just cringe at the thought of having to face Mom and Tad in the morning. I can just imagine the mountain of awkward it would produce by way of Mom's maternal inquisition, So, Skyla, why are you limping? Skyla, what's with the stupid grin on your face? I mean, how do you freaking hide something so monumental?

"You're beautiful." His eyes dilate. Large black pools widen until there's just a trace outline of blue. "Just knowing I'm going to spend the rest of my life with you makes me feel like I've won the lottery."

I pull him into a deep hypnotic kiss and let our lips linger long after they stop moving. A hot bite of lust bisects my abdomen. I want to drag him to a corner and share everything with him right now.

"I wish it were just you and me on the planet," I whisper. That would fix everything. Eventually, that's what it'll feel like. At least that's how I imagine my life will be like with Gage in the future, being with him all the time, ending the day with him in the privacy of our own home. That vision I had of walking down the aisle towards Logan wafts in and out of my mind uninvited.

"We have everything to look forward to," he whispers, "kids, vacations-a honeymoon."

"Kids?" I laugh and smack him in the chest again. "We'll have to put those off, for like, ever. We'll have to go to college first and find real jobs, so we can prove to Tad we can survive on our own."

"I'll probably run the mortuary," he nods.

"Eww," I sneak a kiss in, "but I'll be right there with you."

"Not the handling of the dead people part. I'll have Logan for that. The business end."

"OK. I'll help. I'll keep the morgue stocked with the most fashionable inactive wear."

"Don't forget fashion-conscious coffins."

"Sounds like a cutting edge fad. We can throw in free wifi in the event they feel the need to communicate."

He tickles me under the ribs.

"Stop that." I give him a hard squeeze just under his arms.

"Oh, you're asking for trouble." He gently holds my wrists behind my back and offers a passionate kiss that makes my insides tremble with ecstasy.

I always want to remember this moment. The intensity behind it is so perfectly pure, so insanely right. There's not a thing in the world standing between Gage and me. We already have it all.

***

Tad decides we might find cheaper rates on a hotel room if we check in after dinner. His logic being that if the rooms that haven't filled up, the hotel will practically be giving them away. Mom didn't look too convinced. In fact, she looked rather green after the ferry ride over, like all she wanted in the entire world was to take a nap.

The Space Needle is a towering work of genius. It looks like a relic from some long forgotten city on another planet entirely, majestic and simple in its own way. I ask Mom to take a picture of Gage and me in front of it and save it as wallpaper to my phone. It all feels so official now with Gage. Well, except for the fact everyone at West thinks I'm with Dudley and that Gage is with Chloe, but still, as official as relationships can get in my world.

"Maybe we can come back someday, just you and me," I whisper to him before tugging at his earlobe with my teeth.

"Enough, you two," Mom ushers us inside. "That's what got us here in the first place."

She gives a little wink as though she didn't really mean it.

Nothing like a little approval from your mother to ruin the momentum, so I cap my sensual yearnings for now and we head for the elevator before she kills our relationship with some offhanded remark.

Upstairs it's a wall of windows that look out over the city, the port, and a tangled mass of islands.

Mom looks around at the tables then breaks out into an overzealous wave.

I step forward to see who she's waving at and take in a sharp breath.

"It's him!" I squeak to Gage.

"It's who?" he leans over and takes a look. "Brielle's mom? That dude with her?"

"Yes-that dude with her. It's Demetri Edinger."

"Oh, my gosh, you're right!" My mother cries out before bolting in their direction.

"Who's this?" Tad asks no one in particular.

We follow along with morbid curiosity.

Just when I think she's going to pick up a fork and stab him in the eye, she screams with delight and hugs him, for like a really long freaking time. I watch as his hands run up and down my mother's back like two wild boa constrictors.

"I can't believe you are the new guy in Darla's life!" She pats her chest in disbelief. Mom looks back at us. "I knew Darla was going to be in town, so I had her join us for dinner." She reverts her attention back to the man who, for all I know, actually killed my father. "I have not seen you in forever! How are you doing?" She blindly takes a seat and nearly lands herself on the floor.

"I'm well. I'm back on Paragon. My grandfather passed a few weeks back and I'm taking care of his estate." Demetri cinches his lips as though he were restraining the urge to laugh. He has a smooth even way about him and I can totally see him seducing my mother.

"Still detective Edinger?" Mom purrs into him.

"Yes, but unfortunately there are no openings for that position at the Paragon P.D. I'll be doing field work for awhile."

"Well, this is my family. Skyla, her boyfriend Gage and," she squints a moment as though grasping for a name just out of reach. God, she forgot his name! "My husband, Tad."

Tad extends his hand and glares into Demetri while giving a firm grip.

Gage pulls out a seat for me, and I reject the offer by way of shaking my head. There is no way I am breaking bread with this man, not now, not ever.

"Um, hey," Gage leans into Tad, "you mind if I take Skyla, and we sit alone?"

"Welcome to your first family function," Tad gives a greasy smile. "The answer is a big fat no."

Nice.

Gage and I sit down at the small circular table. It takes a couple minutes for me to realize that the restaurant is slowly rotating. A crop of green islands locked together like a puzzle lie in the distance, and my stomach gives a hot roll of sadness. I actually miss Paragon, although it's hard not to miss just about anything with Tad and Mom and Demetri all at the same table. A dental drilling would be welcomed right about now.

"So, how do you two know each other?" Darla says the words in a cute southern drawl, the first clue that she's going under fast. Darla is neither cute, nor southern.

There's the million dollar question, Gage rubs my hand under the table.

"Old friends from back in L.A. We hung out a lot." She waves a hand in the air as if to push the thought away and gives a bashful smile.

I shoot Gage a look. What if Fake Mommy Dearest conspired with Demetri to kill my father? Wait, no, it was Chloe. I shake the thought out of my head. I can't even begin to go there.

"Now, now," Demetri wags a finger. His hair is slicked into dark glossy waves, and he sports serious sideburns that run down his well-tanned face. "Back in the day, she and I were a pair."

A pair? A pair of what? Then it hits me. I glance over at Tad to gauge his expression.

"Oh, it was nothing," Mom assures Darla as though this might have some impact on their budding relationship. "We mostly group dated. Long before I met Nathan."

"Yes, Nathan." Demetri says it while glossing over me with renewed interest.

How dare he. What gives him the right to say my father's name, utter it from his evil lips while staring down his daughter? Where the hell is Holden's obnoxious dinner party ghost when you really need him? Maybe I should fake psychosis and start lobbing food over at him anyway. Heck, forget food-knives, I should start lobbing knives.

I snap to just in time to hear my mother babble over to him. "Skyla's with child. I'm also being seen at the facility," she leans in secretively, "we're trying. It's really the best prenatal care in the country. Of course, insurance only covers a small portion." She averts her eyes.

"No offense to you, Lizbeth," Darla narrows in on Mom, "but maybe it's the mister who's shooting blanks. You ever think of that?"

"My blanks are none of your concern," Tad scowls. "And for your information there's nothing blank about what I'm shooting."

God, why am I here? The last thing in the world I want to be discussing is Tad's projectile missile spawn.

Mom's sweater falls off one shoulder and instead of adjusting it, she leans into Demetri as though she were trying to seduce him. Don't get me wrong, Mom is beautiful, but flirting while trying to conceive another man's baby is beyond wrong. Come to think of it, she and Tad have been having more than their fair share of spats lately. I'll either have to kill Demetri or make sure he marries Darla. Personally, I'm hoping for the first option.

"You know I'm always here to help you Lizbeth," Demetri softens his tone as he stretches across to pick up her hand. "Anything you need, anytime you need it. I'll do whatever it takes to give it to you."

Crap. It's Demetri who's firing with all guns blazing. Impregnating my mother with his lies.

"Thank you very much but she doesn't need anything from you." Tad picks up his spoon and knocks Demetri hard over the knuckles.

He recoils his hand, making a fist as though merely stretching out his injury, but he looks markedly pissed. I'd warn Tad not to mess with him, but personally I'd like to see a battle.

"And, Skyla, I extend the offer to you," Demetri pats my mother's hand in direct defiance to Tad. "You know, at one point I wondered what it would be like to have a daughter with your mother. We were almost at the altar. Then, along came your father, then you." He gives a hard look as though I were the tangible reason that he lost my mother-that he never had a daughter of his own. "When your mother left me, she took all of my hopes and dreams with her."

"Oh, stop!" Mom belts out a laugh. "You were about as serious as a sneeze. He had ten different women he was seeing at the same time, and I was number eleven."

Demetri's brows rise slightly as he picks up his wine glass and offers a salute in her direction.

"No, Lizbeth, for me, there was only ever you," he corrects.

There's something authentic in his voice when he says it, something that assures me this is the unvarnished truth.

He gloms onto me with those large black puddles that warp the world for him and holds my gaze.

Just what is he really doing back in town? And what exactly does he want from my mother?

He raises his glass one more time. "I look forward to spending time with you again," he looks right at me when he says it.

I raise my glass in retaliation.

And I look forward to killing you.

Chapter Seventeen

All of My Love

Tad actually makes Gage fork over his share for dinner-and the tip. Of course, Demetri patted away the thought and paid for the entire table, which scored major points with Tad. It completely absolved Demetri of all of the covetous mishaps-the touching, the feeling, the loving-the freaking squeezing that went on at the table with Mom. It was like watching soft p**n starring my mother of all people. I'll need to claw my eyes out later just to purify them from the profanity of it all. Thank God, Darla was too ripped to notice because I swear it would have been a friendship-killing scene had she been lucid enough to bear witness.

The hotel that Mom begs Tad to take us to is opulent to say the least. It stands tall against the indigo marine sky, glittering like a gold sequined dress, erect in the night.

The expansive marble flooring and waterfall in the lobby should have been the first clue to tip my mother off that this was definitely something Tad was not going to approve of. In fact, the ATM that lives in Tad's ass just hunkered down and closed up shop for the night.

"They want four hundred dollars for a single room!" His entire face explodes in a crimson ball.

I'm not sure how death will take Tad one day, but I'm willing to bet a dollar sign has something to do with it.

"What is it with you?" Mom balks as though it were a reasonable sum. "Demetri was kind enough to pay for dinner, we practically made money tonight."

Just the mention of Demetri's name sends Tad bolting to the receptionist and whipping out his credit card.

"I don't think I have enough for this place," Gage shuffles nervously.

"Oh, don't worry about it." My mother pats him on the shoulder. "Hon, throw on a room for Gage," Mom gives a swift nod.

It's like she's lost her mind.

"Have you lost your mind?" Tad's eyes narrow down to nothing.

I hate it when Tad and I are on the same wavelength.

"I've got about two hundred." Gage hands the cash over to Tad.

"We'll fit the rest," Mom offers.

It's like Demetri ate her brains for dinner. Either that or she's trying to wrangle Tad into a divorce. I vote for B.

The elevator ride up to our conjoined rooms is awkward to say the least. No one has said a peep about sleeping arrangements, and being that there are only two rooms, it's safe to say I'm stuck with the unpredictable red head for the night. She'll probably regale me with stories of her glory days with Demetri which, of course, will prompt me to vomit without the aid of a horse pill which, in turn, will only confirm to her the fact I'm carrying some nonexistent lovechild.

"Well, here we are," Tad says, sticking the squared off key into the slot. "Night kids."

"Wait! Whoa." Mom backs him out of the room. "Don't you mean goodnight girls? Gage is sleeping with you."

"Oh, no," Tad shakes his head. "I spent good money on a fancy hotel, and I'm sure as hell not enjoying it with some seventeen-year-old boy." He points for my mother to get the hell inside.

"Tad, they're kids for Pete's sake."

"They're fornicators Lizbeth. What they do in that room will only reflect the reason for this visit in the first place. They've probably been scheming to sneak off in the middle of the night and copulate by the ice machine."

Copulate? Why does it sound so particularly nasty when he says?

"Geez." Mom buries her face in her palm. "Are you two OK with this?" She looks from me to Gage.

I just stand there in shock. There's no way this is the woman I grew up with. I wasn't even allowed to say hello to a boy until like ninth grade.

"Are you OK with this?" I ask disbelieving.

"I am if you are. Be respectful, please." She nods over at me as though we were already rutting.

"OK, we will. Goodnight," Gage says speeding me over to the next room and slipping the key into the neat metal line with expert ease. If it were Logan, I'd wonder how many girls he's done this with before, but it's not. It's Gage. His agility and expertise is strictly based on his excitement over the situation.

I step into the room and listen as the door shuts with finality, watch as he secures the double locks in the event my mother's sanity revisits in the night.

He drops the bags, and gives an indecent grin in my direction.

It's just Gage and me.

Alone.

In a hotel room.

***

Gage opens the curtains to let in the sparkle of stars and bright city lights.

There's something perfect about Gage tonight-something altruistically beautiful about him, just for me. He saved more than kisses long before I arrived on Paragon, and tonight he wants to let me have it all.

He pulls at his shirt, and it perforates sending buttons flying loose across the room.

Gage is fatalistically gorgeous. His eyes shine like aqua stones, his teeth flicker like alabaster flames.

I try to do something sexy like pull off my sweater in one fell swoop, only my left arm gets locked up on a loose thread, disorganizing the effort.

"Chloe's stupid arm," I try and make light of it. Only, I've said Chloe's name out loud on the night I choose to gift myself to Gage. It's then I realize I've stepped onto the devil's platform, ready to board the train bound for calamity.

Gage comes over and kisses my neck, my shoulder-just above my belly.

I give a little laugh. An echo transpires and I press my hand against his chest a moment.

More giggling.

"It's my mom," I hiss, completely grossed out at the thought of what she might be giggling at.

"They're watching TV," he assures. "We'll be quiet." He pulls me in by the waist and unbuckles my jeans.

Gage is mesmerizing me with his kisses. He casts a spell with the hot lusty trail of his hands as I pull us back onto the cool slick comforter adorning the bed.

He slides me forward as we sit on our knees lost in a dizzy cloud of kisses.

I run my fingers along the rim of his jeans before fiddling with the button.

He pulls away and looks down. At first I think he's going to help me figure out the combination to his pants, but instead he reaches in his pocket and whips out a pack of gum or something.

I take it from him.

"What the hell is this?" I say baffled by its squared off shape.

"Protection." He takes it back and opens it with his teeth.

My mouth hangs open. Of course, it's protection, what the hell did I think he was giving me? A Tic Tac?

He hands it over and I try examining it in this dim light.

His cell goes off.

"It's late. I'd better see who it is." Gage slides off the bed.

I pluck the round disc out of the package. It looks red. It's freaking red? I elongate it with my fingers thinking I would blow it up like a balloon as a joke but it's all sticky and crap. I can't believe Gage wants to impale me with a red water balloon that feels like it's been rolled in maple syrup.

"Whoa!" Gage takes it from me as he lands back on the bed. "I don't think you were supposed to do that." He examines it in the light before tossing it aside and smoothes his hands over the bed in an effort to clean them.

"That was sort of gross," I say, sliding in next to him.

"That's OK, we can do other things."

"Like?" I press a wet kiss into him full with relief.

"Like, use this one," he harvests another one out of his jeans with the ease of a magician.

"Oh, right." Good God, he's mass-producing them in his pants. "So who was on the phone?"

"Chloe," he frowns before pulling me over on top of him. "Don't worry, I shut it off. She won't be bothering us tonight."

Suddenly having Chloe interrupt us doesn't sound like a bad idea.

What am I saying? This is Gage.

I give a molten hot kiss before sitting up on his stomach.

A fit of laughter emits from the next room over, and this time I can distinctly recognize both Mom and Tad's voices.

Gage compresses out a sigh. "It's like we have an audience."

"Worse audience ever," I say, sliding back down next to him.

"I don't think we should, you know," Gage lets it hang in the air. "It should just be you and me."

"Not Mom and Tad?" I try to sound shocked by this.

"No, definitely not them." Laughter rumbles in his chest.

"You know," I curl up in his arms, "sometimes I can't help but think that I never would have met you if I didn't end up on Paragon. You think if my dad never died, destiny would have still brought us together?"

"I guess we'll never know." He drops a kiss on the top of my head. "You ever want to go back to L.A. sometime?"

"Yes. And time travel doesn't count. I'd love to bring you with me, show you around. I think it'd be a nice place to visit but it doesn't feel like my home anymore. Weird, huh?"

"No, that's not weird. How do you feel about Paragon?"

"It's amazing. I wish I grew up there to begin with. I don't ever want to leave."

"Then we won't."

A shiver drills through my bones in the most satisfying way when he says the word we. It makes me feel whole, complete.

I fall asleep safe in his arms and dream that Gage and I are alone on the black sandy beach of Rockaway Point. We watch the waves fold over themselves as we throw flowers in the water. Gage holds me on the sand as we watch the most magnificent sunset that Paragon has ever seen, with a red and cobalt sky.

That's one dream I hope comes true.

Chapter Eighteen

Devine Appointment

Water, sky, and earth all meld together in one grey blur. Turns out, the mainland doesn't look too different than Paragon on any given day. But there's something about the island-I think it's the borders, knowing it all ends, the way it holds me in, safe with its loving granite arms. They comfort me. They say you can go here and no farther, you cannot pull out for an eternity like you can on the mainland. On the island you have to stay where the earth tells you.

We catch breakfast at the hotel restaurant downstairs. I offer to share a meal with Gage since he forked over every last cent to help cover most of the room, but my mother won't hear of it. She makes sure Gage eats like a linebacker. I counted three times where Tad openly called him a freeloader. It makes me so sick I almost vomit spontaneously, without aide of the horse pill Mom tries shoving down my throat.

Afterwards, we trek across town in a morbidly silent drive, as if we were about to plan a funereal. The fertility clinic my mother frequents in hopes of forging a new offspring looks far beyond state of the art, just as she's been touting. It's an enormous stainless facility with white glossy floors and minimalist decor that lends itself to creating another life as though it were a science experiment worthy of NASA's attention. It has the definite aftertaste of the Transfer, something encoded in the simplicity of the interior design, the blank dead faces of the staff.

We wait in the reception area while my mother fills out a mountain of paperwork, so I can pee in a cup, and they can berate her for foolishly mistrusting her daughter.

Tad growls into his cell after getting off the phone with Holden for the umpteenth time.

"You've got to let go-trust him," Mom quips without releasing her gaze from the medical forms.

"I just need to know he's safe. He just got back and then we did this to him." Tad stops shy of blaming me for our sudden departure.

"He's going to be fine," Mom reaches over and caresses his hand. "Skyla, why don't you and Gage take him under your wing, show him around."

"What about Drake?" I ask horrified at the thought of lugging Holden around like my new BFF.

"Drake is glued at the hip to Brielle," she succumbs to a sigh, "besides, he doesn't know people the way you do."

"He was fine at Ellis Harrison's house," the image of Holden doing body shots off some unknown girl filters through my mind. "He seemed to fit right in like he's known everyone on the island longer than I have." Which, technically, he has.

"Yup," Gage nods. "In fact, he had a few different girls lined up that night."

"That's my boy!" Tad smacks his hands together as though Holden just hit a homerun. "He used to be a quiet kid," Tad's expression grows somber quickly, "never really had many friends. He was pretty close to his mom, just took off one day."

I look over at Gage. We both know darn well Ethan Landon still hasn't come home.

"So where do you think he went?" I ask.

"He said he hung out with friends and tracked us down on the Internet. I knew he'd come home." Tad scrubs his fingers through his hair. "I'm relived, too, the last message I got from him was pretty ominous."

"What was that?" Mom retracts her pen.

"He said there were people after him. That they knew who he was and wanted him. I don't know, something about experiments, blood sacrifices, the kind of things you tell your parents to freak them out. You know, the verbal finger." Tad picks up a complementary newspaper off the rack and flexes it in front of him.

I cinch my hand around Gage, let him penetrate me with those cobalt marbles as we try and figure this all out.

Sounds like Ethan was running with Ezrina's crowd. Either that or the Counts aren't opposed to taking down their own.

I nod.

That's exactly what I was thinking.

***

"Skyla Messenger?" A nurse's aid with long dark hair calls my name, and for minute, I think she's Chloe. I see her everywhere now-afraid she's going to multiply like some annoying pattern of wallpaper.

"I'll be right back," I whisper to Gage.

"Oh, no," Tad protests. "We didn't drag him all the way out here just to wine and dine him. He goes, too. I want him to get the full experience. Nothing but front row seats for this one."

Gage doesn't wait for Tad's tirade to end. We head on back and are led through endless twisting halls only to have me weighed and my blood pressure taken. The nurse instructs me to pee in a cup and leave it in the bathroom.

"That was easy," I say as I retrieve Gage and we head back to the reception area.

It was all, sort of, anticlimactic. We didn't even get to settle in a room and wait for Doctor Dudley an additional two hours like Mom had promised.

Tad and Mom don't say a word as we wait for the results.

"What if it gets switched?" I whisper to Gage. I could have the world's longest fake pregnancy if Fems or Counts are working against me.

"It won't. I promise." He wraps an arm around me as we wait.

It takes an eternity before my name is called again. This time it's a short stocky man with grey hair at the temples.

Mom and Tad follow us back, and Mom lunges at the doctor with a hug.

"I just know my daughter will be receiving the best treatment with you. Also, I look forward to my own prenatal care. I can't believe we're both so lucky to be a part of your facility."

So, this is the Dudley lookalike? He's so far from looking anything like Marshall it's almost a joke. Clearly when it comes to men, my mother's default is set to the equivalent of a fun house mirror-with the exception of my father, of course. He was flawless in every way.

The doctor leads us to his office and beckons us to take a seat.

"Skyla," he nods into me. "You, my dear, are not having a baby."

A swell of relief fills me wide as the universe and I resist the urge to high-five Gage.

"She lost it?" Mom snatches at her chest in horror.

"No," he closes his eyes briefly. "There's no evidence of a pregnancy at all. The hormone levels are completely normal. Is there a reason you decided to make an appointment at our facility rather than purchasing an at home test?"

I look to Mom.

Her face is bright pink, and her lips are contorting in fifteen different shapes at once.

"I'm sorry you had to inconvenience yourselves like this," he continues, "but, in the future, know this sort of mystery can be solved with a ten dollar kit from the grocery store." He stands and shakes our hands in turn. "I look forward to seeing you again, Lizbeth." And with that he walks out the room.

You can practically see the steam coming from Tad's ears.

"This little side jaunt cost just under a thousand dollars," his jaw remains clenched as he says it.

"I tried to tell you," I start, but Tad raises a hand as though he can't take another word.

"A thousand dollars we will never get back," he says with his eyes shut.

"Because you didn't trust me." I lock eyes with Mom.

She circles my face with a darting gaze. There's an apology written all over her person.

"Skyla," she sighs, "I'm so sorry."

"I'm still a virgin." I hope she's taking notes because I never plan to utter those words again.

"Last night, you spent-" her hand quickly covers her lips at the travesty that was averted.

"I know. It's a miracle." I cut her a cold look.

We stand and head for the door.

"Looks like you're a little angel after all," Tad says with a crooked grin. He waits until my mother leaves the room before whispering. "Something tells me a box full of hormonal monkeys has nothing on the two of you."

"I am an angel," I cut a hard look when I say it.

He looks from me to Gage.

"I know exactly what the two of you are."

Chapter Nineteen

It's a Dead Man's Party

After falling over herself with apologies and embarrassing herself successfully over the phone with Emma, Mom has decided I am the most trustworthy child that ever walked the planet. And after Tad's offhanded remark, Gage suggested we chalk it up to his own unique brand of I-hate-you humor, but keep an eye on him nonetheless.

Logan happens to be having a get together tonight, so I tell Mom and Tad it's in Holden's honor. Drake and I lug him with us and all the way over he bitches about not having a car of his own even though Tad has graciously been letting him borrow the minivan at will.

"Ask your dad for a car," I say as we head into the Oliver house, which has lost its docile homey appeal and looks rather like an imitation of Ellis' abode on any given Saturday night.

The Olivers are at a mountain retreat and entrusted Logan and Gage with the house until they get back. I'm pretty sure hosting sixty plus teenagers wasn't high on the to-do list.

"That psychotic you gave me as a father?" Holden gives a hard sniff as though examining the air quality.

"No, the psychotic nature gave you the first time around-Arson Kragger," I'm quick to correct. Tad doesn't have money for another car after treating Gage and me to the most luxurious hotel room Seattle has to offer.

"Yeah, well," Holden smirks at the thought. "He's not so keen on the resurrected me."

"Oh, that's understandable, I guess. He probably needs you to prove you're you."

"He could give a rat's ass that I'm me. He's already collected on the life insurance. He's a Count. He counts cash," he shrugs. "I would have done the same thing." His eyes reduce to slits as he scans the crowd. "My brother's coming."

"We don't get along," I inform.

"He's got a proposition for you."

"If it involves my neck and an artery, he can forget it."

"It involves the charges you trumped up to save your own ass."

Payback's a bitch.

I give a brief smile as I take off to find Gage.

Brielle flags me down in the yard. The entire squad is seated in a circle on the lawn, including Nat. I'm almost afraid to be near her.

"We're making plans!" Brielle shouts as I head over.

"To what, kill me?" I say, sitting down in between Brielle and Kate. I think at the end of the day the only person I should be friends with here is Kate, and I happen to know her the least.

"Oh, you're so funny." Brielle scoots into me. "Ski week is upon us and we always pull off the best pranks. So, we need original great ideas that will really mess with the guys heads."

"Like decapitating them and reattaching them to other bodies?" That would really mess with their heads. It's not such a stretch for me to think outside the mortal box anymore.

Chloe gives me the finger with my own hand. She's wearing peep-toe FMs that showcase a sickly yellow nail polish. When is yellow nail polish ever a good idea? It screams I'm a hundred and live in a nursing home, or I'm jaundice because I smoke ten packs a day, and hey, by the way, check out these freaky FMs.

"I bet you'd like to do that. Twist someone's head off for pleasure." Chloe eyes me like a predator.

"Just yours," I shoot back. "And for your information, I was talking about switching heads. Sometimes the things you get are better than the things that get taken away." For instance, her sees-through-walls eyeball.

"Like you and Dudley," Chloe says it clear in the event the people eavesdropping behind us didn't hear. "Gage came back to me and now you have Studley Dudley." She cuts a look to Michelle.

Michelle Miller is pouring every ounce of her silent wrath upon me. You would think, I've stolen the sun from out of her world. She's become a trapped bird locked in her hatred. Nothing good ever comes from a hatred that deep, especially not when someone believes you've pureed their heart for the simple reason you were able to.

"Well," Kate stretches out her long legs into the circle before bouncing her Ugg boots on top of one another, "I like my head just where it is. I think we shouldn't bother doing anything to the guys-just let them be on guard all week."

"So, we need to choose roommates," Chloe pats her hands down on the damp grass ignoring Kate's wisdom.

"I choose Kate!" It bustles through my vocal cords so fast it sounds like one long word.

Kate pulls at a lock of her hair, staring at me curiously. We haven't exchanged more than two words the entire time I've been on Paragon, and quite frankly, I'd like to keep it that way. The more I get to know these girls, the more I'm apprised to the fact they're ass**les.

"Four to a room," Chloe looks around for other takers.

"Me," Nat shoots a barb through me when she says it.

"Me," Brielle raises her hand.

"I gotta go," Emily says, rising to her feet. She bolts over to Holden so fast you'd think he just whistled for her.

"Isn't that great Messenger? You've got yourself a new big brother." Chloe laps up the irony.

"Oh, it's great," I give it all the necessary sarcasm, "but what I was really hoping for was another sister. Maybe Holden's got one to spare?"

Her eyes narrow in on mine. Cut from me to Holden before widening with fright.

I love killing Chloe softly with revenge. It's so much better than the quick merciful spear of the sword.

***

I find Gage over by the makeshift outdoor bar, which consists mainly of water and soda. I like parties at the Oliver house much better than Ellis'. The lack of alcohol always manages to keep things at a semi-normal behavior level with no one passed out in the bushes or spontaneously pulling down their pants to show you their bare ass. Plus, it's nice to carry on a conversation and not expect barf as a reasonable response, or witness public urination as soon as you step outside.

"Off duty?" I spring a kiss off his cheek as I glance over at Chloe still converging with the bitch squad.

"She's got other plans for the evening," he says it grim.

"Oh," I blink back surprise. "I don't like the sound of that, like, at all."

"Welcome to the club." He leans in and swipes a quick kiss off my lips. "And here she is," he whispers.

"Shit," Chloe hisses. Her face contorts in humiliation. "Are you serious?" She belts out the words like a punishment.

Gage throws down his cup and dark liquid merges with the concrete.

He takes off in frustration towards the house.

"You are on thin ice," Chloe seethes. "You have no business talking to Gage in public. You should be on your knees with gratitude that I let you hang onto him by your fingernails." The moon seals over her complexion with a wash of blue.

"Did you renounce yourself as a Celestra?"

"You can't register as a Count without it," she sneers the fact into the wind.

"Then it looks like we're enemies on all fronts."

I watch as she heads into the house after Gage. The desperate measure she ensures with each step. She's in love with him. And God knows there's nothing more dangerous than a psychopathic killer in love.

I need some face time with Emerson, and fast.

Chapter Twenty

I Ain't Missing You

I sit with my feet dangling in the freezing pool as the party rages all around me. Brielle and Drake are tangled in one another's limbs over by a maple tree at the far end of the property. An ethereal fog lights up the yard like tissue paper settled on a lamp. The night presses over me with its full weight, caresses my shoulders with its camouflaged stars.

I miss Gage. We're right here in the same vicinity and we can't be together, can't spend time around friends locked in an embrace, or it might cost me everything. In a way, I feel as though I've truly lost him to Chloe. It seems impossible for us to ever be together again. What could Emerson possibly know that could untangle me from this disaster?

I pluck myself out of the pool and spring to my feet. If I can't be with Gage, at least, I can keep an eye on the two of them, fight back those insane thoughts I have of them cuddling in a corner. I push through throngs of bodies. I can't help but notice the faces that drop their gaze to my stomach, can't help hear the words, I think she's showing, she's having Dudley's baby, repeated like the chorus of the best new song. Chloe's been efficient with her rumor-mongering, I'll give her that.

Carly Foster and Carson Armistead, two miserable girls from East, block my path into the house.

"I heard what happened," Carly sprouts up concern with the voice of a three-year-old. Her long flat-ironed hair smells like it's burning-complete with crispy-singed edges thick as potato chips.

"Nothing happened. I'm not having a baby." I badly want to say that Brielle is and turn the attention to where it belongs. Something tells me that would be a little less sensational than Chloe's perverse lies.

"Carly pulled that crap for months," Carson's sharp almond eyes light up like sparks. "So you think of names yet? Like Dudley Junior?" She snorts into her drink. "You know, I was telling my mom about you and she said there's always one infamous girl who gets knocked up by a teacher-every generation has one."

"Tag, you're it!" Carly laughs so hard it pierces my ears with its intensity. I'm sure every dog in a three-mile vicinity is barking its head off.

I push past them into the vast dark space. I hardly recognize the landscape of the Oliver house with the lights turned off. Even the fundamentals look foreign to me in this shadow-covered world.

I search the entire downstairs.

Shit. She's probably dragged him off to his room for a little one on one time.

I take the first step, and a hand snatches me back by the elbow.

"We need to talk."

It's Ellis. His glossy red eyes glow like candles.

"Not now, I'm busy."

"Can I catch you later?"

"Maybe," I say, racing up the stairs. There's only one thing Ellis ever wants from me, and to be honest, I'm sick of supporting his bad habit. A thought comes to me as I watch him sink back into the crowd. That's right-he went back with Chloe to get his stash refilled, he must have a supervising spirit holding open that treble for him.

I open my mouth to shout over to him, but he's already disintegrated into the darkness. I'll have to catch Ellis later, for sure.

Taking the stairs two by two, I jet into the hall. My ears try to process the stale silence. The flickering candlelight of the wall scones lead a path to Gage's room. An eerie quiet comes from the other side of the door-no light, no nothing. I peer inside. The moon exposes a well-made bed, not a soul in sight.

Maybe they're back in the yard? I head down the hall and pause at the stairwell just before Logan's. A thin seam of light calls out from beneath his door.

I don't hesitate in going over.

***

I give a gentle knock before cracking the door an inch. I don't know what I would do if I found Logan in a compromising position with someone. I'd probably freak out-twist both their heads off. I'm rather committed to doing that to him eventually anyway.

He gives a brief smile from the small round table in front of his bed and motions me over with a flick of the finger. He wears thin-framed glasses which make him look older, and oddly, trustworthy-as shallow as that seems. Books surround him like a garrison with large sheets of paper spread out, the fragile markings of a pen strewn all over.

"What's up?" I ask, taking a seat across from him.

"Just going over facts and figures that I've managed to amass," he pauses to look me over before glancing back down, "regarding the faction war. You remember, that little war we've embedded ourselves in? The one we hung our love on?" He doesn't look up, jots down a note without missing a beat.

It doesn't even sound like Logan. I study him a moment. So cuttingly handsome just looking at him sends a spiral of heat through me.

"Do you fake being a teenager?" I try and break up the uncomfortable air between us. Everything used to be so natural and now it's like we're something less than strangers.

He looks up and smiles before snatching off his glasses.

"What brings you here?" God, he almost sounds more like Dr. Oliver than himself.

"Looking for Gage." I cast a solemn glance down at his work, inspiring him to quickly flip over his notebook. "So much for trust."

"It's nothing that concerns you."

"It usually does."

"Not this time," he politely corrects.

"What happened to all that faction war we hung our love on bullshit?" I say it soft, almost on a dare.

"It's not bullshit. It's just...I'd rather not share my notes with you. I still love you Skyla, that will never change." He manages to profess his love for me with a cold look on his face that suggests the opposite is true.

"Have I done something to offend you? Did I drag you to a stone altar and try to sacrifice you in front of dozens of psychopaths? Oh, wait, you did that to me." Really, I don't know where Logan gets off treating me like I'm some idiotic child.

He blinks into his frustration.

"I need to know that you forgive me, Skyla. That you understand I was trying to help you that night, not hurt you."

"Or what?"

"Or I can't live with myself."

"Why do you care what I think? No one else seems to think you're an ass**le."

"The court of public opinion means nothing. I only care what you think."

"And if I tell you I love you, what would you do?"

"I'd sleep again for the first time in weeks. I take that back, I wouldn't be able to sleep because I'd be too damn excited." He lacks conviction when he says it. It's like he knows there's no possibility of it happening.

"I hope you sleep well." I want to say something more, something profound, but I'm not entirely sure he wouldn't interpret it the wrong way.

"Heard you spent the night with Gage." His eyes widen with expectation.

"I did." There it is-the root of his melancholy.

"Heard he closed the deal." Logan's face bleeds out all expression, leaving the trace of something just this side of hurt.

"Is that what he said?" I catch my breath. Logan's cologne swirls around me, strangles me with his grief.

He gives a brief nod as a spark of moisture glints in his eyes.

Heat explodes all over my body, ignites my cheeks into balls of raging fire.

"That's not what happened," I stammer out the words.

He twists his lips as though he doubts my version of the story.

"You think I'm lying?" I can hardly catch my breath at the thought.

"I don't think you're lying." He rests his elbows onto the table and compresses his lips. "I just happen to believe Gage."

Chapter Twenty-One

Cuts Like a Knife

I wait for Gage in my bedroom. He drives Chloe home and drops off his car before teleporting over. Poor Gage thinks this is business as usual-hang out with me in the event the Counts outside my door decide to storm in and hack me to pieces. But I'm so angry I can't see straight.

"Hi beautiful." He makes his way over. It's the first time he's appeared directly in front of me. It caught me off guard, and managed to disintegrate all of the caustic feelings percolating inside me for the past few hours. "Got something for you." He swings his arm around, revealing a yellow bottle of chocolate milk.

Great. I can never be mad at Gage. It's pointless even trying.

"I love this stuff," I say, as he hands it to me.

"I know," he crawls up next to me, circling his arms around my waist. "She had me take her to the convenience store, then we hit Narrows."

"You left the party," I whisper. Makes sense why I couldn't find them.

"Thank God it's over. We can get back to reality." There's a darkness in his tone as though the situation were more sinister than he'd like to share.

"What's going on?"

"Let's not go there." He rests his lips on my head.

I sit down the drink and snuggle into him.

"OK, let's change the subject," I say. "I talked to Logan tonight."

His eyes expand to the size of silver dollars.

"So, did something happen between you and me while I was sleeping the other night?" I coil a lock of his hair around my finger as I ask the question, give a little tug at the end because there can only be one answer.

He bites down on his lower lip and lets a strangled silence envelop us.

"Sorry," he presses it out in a hoarse whisper, but his guilty smile lingers long after the apology.

"Why? Why would you lie about something like that?"

He shakes his head.

"There's got to be a reason," I sigh. "Is it because you wanted it and I disappointed you?"

"No." He presses his hands into the small of my back. "Nothing like that, I promise. You were perfect."

"Then? Please explain. Because if this is nothing but closing a deal to you..." I shake my head with a heart full of sorrow.

"No, you're everything," he says, brushing his fingers across my face, examining me in a pale vat of moonlight. "I love you so much. I would never think of hurting you."

"Then tell me what made you say something so ridiculous."

"He was just giving me a hard time," he shrugs, "says if it were him you couldn't have stopped yourself. There would be no wait, no perfect moment because every moment would be perfect even the backseat of a car."

My heart stops. I can't breathe. If Logan so much as whispered to Gage about the dream I had about us in the backseat of his Mustang, I'm going to hang him by his intestines at the next Count roundtable. He can be my sacrifice.

"What else?"

"That's it, I swear." He holds up a hand.

I bury my face inside his neck and take in his scent as his body warms me.

I'll deal with Logan later.

"He's wrong." It comes out muffled when I say it. The words vibrate over his skin. "I only want you, and I want it to be perfect."

He pulls me back so I can see him, breaks out his intoxicating dimples for the occasion and whispers, "I know."

"So how are things going with you guys? You were like brothers and now you're..." I shake my head. I can't find the words to fill the void I've caused in their relationship.

"We're still like brothers. He's a little punk that needs to be put in his place once in a while."

I give a little laugh. Gage is teasing I can tell but I know deep inside there's animosity between them.

"So, what's going to happen," Gage tilts into me, "when he finally figures out he can't have you and brings home someone else."

"What do you mean?" I swallow hard. It feels as though Gage just reached down my throat and yanked my heart out-is holding it out for me to examine it.

"What I mean is, are you going to be OK?" He pulls me in as though he doesn't want me to see the hurt on his face.

"Yes," I say without thinking. "Why would I care?" God-I hate this conversation.

"You were close, and I know feelings don't just disappear overnight."

I settle into him, bury my face in his chest. This time it's me who wants to hide the hurt. I hate that my heart won't let go of Logan.

"I'll have you won't I?" My voice quivers. "How could I ever have a broken heart with you in my life?"

He presses in a heartfelt kiss.

"Good answer," his chest rattles with a little laugh. "You'll always have me, Skyla."

"Hey," I push back and examine him in the blanched moonlight. "When I came to Paragon why didn't you, you know, step up and claim me?" I want to laugh at the caveman mentality of it all, but, in all honesty, we could have avoided a lot of heartache-not to mention an entire faction war.

He takes in an enormous breath and holds it.

"I thought that maybe you'd come to me. Once I was sure it was you, it was too late. You and Logan were locked at the hip, and I didn't want to get in the way. I knew the visions were right-that it would all work out."

"It did," I whisper, pressing my cheek against his. I want to absorb all of his grief-turn his past heartbreak into joy unspeakable.

"Remember that day at the mall? You were eating ice cream, and I told you that I'd marry you someday?"

"Yes." I'll never forget the sadness Gage would exude every time we were together. Now I know why.

"I guess it was my way of intervening. Anyway, it was lame."

"No, it wasn't. The truth is, I've always felt something for you. And right about now, I'm regretting ever looking in Logan's direction."

"Don't," Gage closes his eyes and bumps my nose with his. "I've had other visions, Skyla."

"Tell me." I settle back against the pillow as though he's about to tell me the best bedtime story ever.

"I'm not ready." There's that sadness again. "I may never be."

***

The sun casts its pall on the morning-tries with futile desperation to pull apart the taffy haze, and make its light known to the bubble of our universe. Paragon is like the underbelly of a rock, cool and liable to the things of daylight. Ours is a sinister world covered under the wing of some mythological creature who supervises our comings and goings, attests to the anomaly of the island with its covenant to darkness.

I crank open my window and call for Nevermore. I wait in eager anticipation, watch with awe as his mass of shadowed wings glide into the foreground. He ducks inside and I close the window to trap in the warmth. Gage's woodsy cologne still lingers thick in the air from the night before.

"Skyla," he croaks, pulling in and out his wings as though he were adjusting them.

I give a few soft strokes before settling my hand on the flat of his back.

"Tell me everything."

What is my life to you? My days are long over. There is nothing that should intrigue you.

"You have my blood racing through your veins, we're connected. I want to know all about you." And whatever the hell landed him trapped in the body of an overgrown bird. "You said you were a Count. Maybe start there." That more than a little freaks me out, but I'd hate to make him feel bad about his specie demotion. The last thing I need to worry about is having my eyes pecked out by an angry raven.

Very well. I say these things not to frighten or titillate, just mere facts of who I once was and how I managed to land my soul in this morbid estate. He shuffles from side to side when he says it.

I'd hate to hurt his feelings but I can hardly understand him.

I originate from a distant past. Had I remained, I would have perished long ago. As a young man, I favored a girl who captured my heart. She was a Celestra and held fast to her kind, always following the rules, engaging in the rivalry between factions when necessary.

"So, this is a love story," I sit on the bed and beckon him next to me.

I believe this is more of a tragedy. My love and I were not able to be. I fought to have my status renounced and help my love in a battle for her life, and her faction. I was a great warrior and achieved the massacre of hundreds of my former people.

"You killed Counts...and you did it for love?" Logan flashes through my mind, wielding his weapon of mass destruction at all those New Moon festivals a few weeks back.

I gave everything for love. Unfortunately, the justice alliance didn't feel we were vindicated in our efforts, and penalized both me, and the one to whom my heart belonged.

"What happened?"

It's long and sordid, the details both grisly and disastrous. The sentence was particularly harsh as they deemed it necessary to display us both as examples for those considering treason.

"Why did they punish her if she was going against a rival faction?" Logan specifically told me there were laws in place to protect against stuff like that-unless, of course, he reached down into his bucket of lies to fish that one out.

She moved without permission of the council.

"She went rogue." I so like her. "But sometimes the faction leaders make stupid decisions." They are so prone to making stupid decisions.

Agree. Nevertheless, we chose to forego the warning in lieu of saving her race. After that, the punishment was abrupt, and severed our love for eternity. I was cast into the body of my quickest capture.

"And she?" I swallow hard in anticipation.

She was allowed a season. She married a daft fellow, had four children, two perished at birth. Then one day when the justice alliance saw fit, they took her.

"Took her?" I straighten. "Like for her blood?"

No, they destroyed her flesh. She has been handed immortal servitude. They malformed her beauty and forbade me to see her again.

"And you? You live forever as this raven?"

The raven lives as long as it's not slaughtered. Natural death will not overcome me. I've averted many a hunter's arrow.

"What happens when the raven dies?"

It will be as though I never existed. My soul eternally departs.

I press my hand against my chest.

"What was your name?"

The one who once bore a human moniker has perished, he will be Nevermore, and that is my name.

"And the name of the girl you loved?"

His head ticks upwards, his black dots for eyes peer into mine.

Surely you must know by now.

The name of my beloved.

Ezrina.

Chapter Twenty-Two

The Feast

Tad organizes a dinner party at a ritzy downtown restaurant worthy of a wedding reception, only there's no blessed union to celebrate. Instead, there's a wicked soul parading around as a Landon at the center of this feast.

Tad is beyond amazed that Ethan hasn't taken off without being leashed down and has pulled out all the stops for this boisterously lavish affair. Mom invited Brielle and Drake, Darla and their shared love, Demetri, the Olivers, which brings my love to the table, Gage, Logan the traitor, and, of course, Marshall who my mother not so secretly worships from afar. Holden invited Emily who, in turn, came equipped with her perennial demonic accessories, Chloe, Michelle, and Lexy-bitch squad deluxe.

"Not a Kragger in sight. I'm almost insulted," Holden says, looking indifferent to the festivities unfolding before him. He smirks into me as we enter the grand room in the back of the restaurant. "I'd give Pierce a call, but then he wouldn't be welcome, would he?" he whispers, rife with sarcasm.

"Technically neither are you." I should have him and his brother incarcerated for the psychological and physical trauma they've caused me. I'm sure Tad would hate me forever if I was responsible for putting Ethan behind bars, but I have a feeling that's the direction our relationship is going anyway.

I can't help but notice the subtle changes Holden has already made to poor Ethan's body, the new cropped haircut much like Holden past, the botched beauty school dropout highlights, which make it look like a bird conducted its business on multiple occasions, not to mention the fact he's been lifting weights and downing muscle milk more than he eats real food. It's like he's getting ready for a prison riot or mass annihilation of those he lives with. God-I never even thought that Holden might slaughter us all in our sleep.

"I'm still so glad you're back! We should celebrate like every week." Melissa hops up and down. The curls in her hair defy gravity as she continues to ply him with her affections. Between her and Mia's hairspray addiction, there's a generous layer of ozone evaporating daily right here above Paragon.

"Off," he shoves her away.

Melissa stalls a moment. Her large doe eyes vacillate with emotion as she struggles not to cry before bounding over to Mia. Holden is getting away with everything just because he's sporting Landon DNA.

Marshall steps forward and pulls out a chair for me.

I've got a beef with the pretty Oliver. Were I human, he would have disfigured my oral cavity. Dental work would have been in my future. Marshall gives a sharp look.

"You know what they say, a tooth for a tooth," I glance over at Logan.

I take a seat and both Gage and Marshall swoop in on either side of me. I can tell this peeves Gage to the point of insanity, but I'd much rather have Marshall beside me than Logan.

You know how I feel about people disrupting my property, he glances down at my arm.

Ironic because the only reason Logan bashed Marshall's face in, was to protect his so-called property-me.

Chloe sits on the other side of Gage and takes up his hand. Mom's jaw drops, baffled by this bizarre display of events.

"I do know how you feel about that, Mr. Dudley," I add his proper moniker in the event anyone is listening. "He's mistreated you that way before, and I don't recall a drastic punishment." Mistreated-more like beat the shit out of him. The only punishment Marshall doled out was to put him on a ceiling time out for twenty minutes.

I fought back-it was a just effort on both our parts. I'm afraid he's disregarded my warning to refrain from violence where I'm concerned. It appears I have recompense to initiate. He picks up the wine list from the center of the table and peruses the selections.

God. Marshall is going to make Logan pay. I look over at him frowning at something Lexy is filling his head with. He'll be lucky if he has a head when Marshall is through with him.

The waitress passes out menus.

I've never been to this Italian restaurant before with its wine cellar located precariously over our heads. Of course, it's discretely interwoven with vines and illuminated grapes interspersed like an expanse of purple stars, but one little earthquake, and the possibility of one of us leaving with a concussion is almost guaranteed.

Holden knocks his menu onto the table a few good times to get everyone's attention. "I'm going to make this easy," his eyes dart up to the waitress, "we'll take one sampler platter for each of us."

"I don't want that," Melissa cuts in.

"My damn party," he quips, closing his menu with finality.<br/>

"Marshall," Demetri takes a moment from attempting to bewitch my mother, "tell me about this horse ranch of yours." He gleams in all his dark splendor. Come to think of it, Demetri and Chloe would make a great couple-a couple of heartless ass**les.

"Equestrian arena," Marshall breathes the words out, bored by the effort. "I house show horses, offer lessons on the side. If you're interested in riding, I've got the perfect horse for you." She's yet to be broken, holds the promise of paralysis.

Marshall's a genius.

"And you teach?" Demetri fans his fingers in a downward direction.

"I do a multitude of tasks. Are you in town as a guest, or have you chosen to extend your stay?" Marshall pins him with a harsh stare. If it wasn't apparent that the two are on the outer fringes of an honest friendship, it is now. The room hushes to a whisper as though we were witnessing a show down at high noon. I hope there's a spirit sword involved, and death.

"The women of Paragon beguile me." Demerti's dark eyes sparkle in this dim light. There's a perennial smile that plays on the outskirts of his lips. His entire demeanor drinks down this clash with Marshall.

"Lovely as they may be, you have a home elsewhere," Marshall snaps. "Might I suggest you tend to it?" It comes out a command rather than a question.

There's a pregnant pause. The whispers around the table fade to nothing.

"I don't allow others to dictate my actions," Demetri doesn't break his hard stare in Marshall's direction. "I did it once to my misfortune. I don't take orders anymore."

Orders, like from Chloe, orders? Does he regret listening to her and setting the wheels in motion to kill my father?

No, Skyla, Marshall rubs his hand over mine discretely.

Just like with Logan, I can never remember he's listening.

Demetri most certainly does not regret his actions towards your father. If you must know the truth, he is directly responsible for the tragedy. No middleman,just one hundred percent Demetri-fueled hatred. Chloe was the gasoline-he was the match. That man, my love, is himself the proprietor of you father's death in every way.

A guttural groan emits from somewhere deep inside my chest. The room spins slightly, the world downshifts into slow motion as I look up towards Demetri.

"No," I whisper as though I were hearing the news for the very first time, as though my father dying were a current event and I had somehow witnessed the atrocity firsthand. I pick up a knife and dart it across the table like a javelin. It glides off his coat and lands precariously in my mother's lap.

"Yes!" Holden gloms onto the concept and lobs the free dinner rolls in a dozen directions at once.

The bitch squad indulges in the debauchery and outright melee ensues for several minutes with flying forks and spoons, an errant knife in my direction by Chloe, until Tad stands and gives an obnoxious whistle, fans his arms out in front of him like a referee.

It's in that moment-the nexus of the storm, that I turn to Gage and indulge in one long mouthwatering kiss. I don't spare a soul from my public display of lingual affection. It's not only my F-U to Chloe, it's the only thing in the world that will quell my appetite for destruction, for murder, and take me away to a well needed reprieve, if only for a moment.

It's Gage who repels, gasps before cutting a worried look at me as though I had butchered someone for sport at the table.

Dinner arrives.

Tad leads us into the blessing which is full of admonishments, suggestion for Holden's behavior and, for the love of God, for men to stop hitting on his wife.

There's that.

The noise level drops once again, the sound of voices are replaced with the clang of dishes, knives and forks scrapping against our plates in haste.

An army of waitresses bring out fourteen bottles of their finest champagne, and Tad's face bleaches out as they're set on the table.

He doesn't say a word, but you can see that he wants to. He strangles Holden with his eyes just enough to assure him he's crossed the line.

"Nothing but the best for me, right Pops?" Holden expands his hands over the feast as though he were claiming dominion.

"Nothing but the best," Tad grits it through his teeth.

Demetri stares over at me-callous and cold-holds the butter knife I speared him with and twirls it with his fingers like a baton.

"Excuse me," I say, before heading to the restroom.

I follow a trail of dark halls and endless corridors, over towards a little blue sign.

"Skyla, wait." It's Logan the stalker.

I flatten my hand onto the ladies' room door.

"I believe you," he depresses out a thin smile.

"You do?" I'm shocked that he believes me over Gage. He's probably trying to get on my good side, or in my pants, now that he thinks I put out. "So, I guess he fessed up and told you the truth."

"Nope. Hasn't come up." He drinks me in as though I were capable of satiating him with my presence alone.

"Then why believe me?" I step aside so a group of girls can move through.

"Because," he comes in close until I can feel the heat emanating off his body, "I could tell by the look on your face you were telling the truth." He gives a slow blink. "Besides, it's none of my business." A blue light from above gives him the perfect Count aura. "I just thought it was important for you to know."

"Well, thank you." I'm stunned by this awkward exchange and slightly vindicated although he still deserves a slap for inciting such a stupid conversation with Gage to begin with.

"So," his forehead wrinkles with curiosity, "why do you think Gage, of all people, would lie to me about something like that?"

"Lying runs in the family." I let the words dance on my tongue on their way out.

"Not true."

"Then maybe it was the fact you told him I would jump you anywhere, anyplace, even the back seat of a car," I spit those last few words out like darts.

His chin inches back as he considers this.

"Sorry. He drives me insane with his incessant ranting about how perfect the two of you are, how perfect life would be without Chloe. I'm sure he means without me, too. Although, he's already taken me out of the picture quite nicely."

It never occurred to me that Logan might feel stabbed in the back by Gage.

He turns to leave then spins back around. "Oh, and Skyla? My uncle says the justice alliance wants to question me."

I take in a lungful of air and forget to let go.

Great God.

They're going to punish us.

Logan is going to be a bird and I'm going to be Ezrina.

Chapter Twenty-Three

It's On

"So, you're not really having a baby?" Mia seems distrustful of the results from Mom's fertility space lab.

"Nope." I continue to stuff a small suitcase Mom gave me for ski week. I still need to go to the mall tomorrow and pick up a snowsuit with Mom. She refuses to let me make such a large purchase on my own.

"So, are you still with Gage?"

"Yup," I say, filling a separate bag with hair products.

"So, why was he holding that one girl's hand during dinner?" She seems genuinely perplexed.

"Because he's friendly. Didn't you see me kiss him? We're still together." Freaking Chloe always screwing with everybody's head.

"Yeah," she eyes me suspiciously, "but I also noticed that his brother got up and went to the bathroom at the same time you did."

"That's because we both have overactive bladders, and by the way, he's not his brother." I really don't feel like getting into the Oliver's strange relations at the moment. For all practical purposes they're brothers, back stabbing, girlfriend stealing brothers according to Logan.

"Oh," she shakes out her blond hair, "you know what else?"

"You're going to spontaneously disappear?" I ask, hopeful. If I could have one more extraterrestrial superpower it would be zapping people to another part of the planet at will. Chloe would be in Antarctica-cold and lonely just like her heart.

"Nope. I dropped my napkin," she leans in like it means something. "Guess what I saw from under the table?" Probably Mom and Demetri playing foot tag. "You and Mr. Dudley holding hands."

I take in a breath.

"Knew it!" She jabs a finger in my direction. "You are messing around with that teacher. That's disgusting! He's like a million times older than you are."

She's got that right.

"No, I'm not messing around with him. Our hands bumped when I was getting something out of my purse, that must have been what you saw." Shit. Keeping one step ahead of Mia is like trying to outrun a car on the freeway. Speaking of cars, "I made another appointment at the DMV."

"Finally! I can't wait until Mom stops carting me around. You know she wore curlers yesterday when she took Melissa and me to the movies?"

"That's because she hates you," I tease, pulling a couple of sweaters out of the drawer.

"She doesn't hate me." She rolls her eyes at the idea. "It's you she hates."

"Does not." That's the last thing I'll believe about my Count of a mother.

"Really? Then explain why she said you were the bane of her existence. And," she snaps her fingers as though she were trying to recall something else, "oh, that she had to pretend her entire world bowed to your feet the day she met you."

I stop shoving things into my bag at random.

Pretend? The day she met me?

I think it's high time I reacquaint myself with Lizbeth Landon-reintroduce myself as Candace Messenger's daughter.

***

Who knew it would be almost impossible to sneak away to the mall with Mom without having my relational appendage glom on for the ride-that includes Melissa, too.

They chatter about Gabriel Armistead all the way over, and in and out of every single store we trek through as though he were some new obnoxious song. I realize it's the kid that wanted to deflower my sister because I recognize the name, but I can't help feel like I've heard Armistead somewhere before.

"Do we know an Armistead?" I ask Mom while waiting in line at the cash register.

"Armistead." She pops her lips while roving her gaze over the ceiling. "Oh, yes. They're the ones that served the spiked lemonade to you and Drake. Never did get the scent of vomit out of those towels," she squints into her admission.

"Gross."

"Oh, they're out of the house. Tad uses them to wash the cars."

"Armistead. The night I puked my guts up." And Gage left me naked... "Oh, that must be Carson's brother." I turn to face Mia and Melissa. "You can't like him, his sister's a pig."

"Skyla!" Mom swats my arm as we hand over our merchandise to the cashier. "Take that back, nobody's a pig."

"That Demetri guy seems like one." I gauge my mother's expression. Watch her for the slightest hint of infatuation.

"Again, nobody is a pig, Skyla." Her eyes pop as she wields the credit card over to the cashier.

I study the weird snowsuit Mom coerced me into purchasing. Green and purple plaid with matching pants and jacket. It's ugly. And, unfortunately for Mom, it's almost four hundred dollars worth of ugly. I tried to talk her into a cute short white jacket with a fur lined hood and these ultra tight pants, but she said it was a mud magnet, and I'd instantly regret it. Somehow I find that doubtful. Truthfully, I'm regretting the sensible woodcutter attire she's just invested in that actually has enough room in it for both me and a woodcutter.

We head outside to the brisk cold air and find a table where we can plunk our junk. Having an outdoor mall in the middle of the frozen tundra that is Paragon has to be the worse architectural innovation imaginable. I bet someone just like Tad approved the endeavor to save a dollar on construction costs.

"What's on your mind?" Mom asks, pulling on a pair of gloves.

"Tad." I dig a half smile into my cheek. "You. What is going on with you and Demetri?" I whisper so Mia and Melissa won't hear.

"Nothing," she whispers back. "He's an old friend from way back when."

"Did Dad know him?" I hold my breath, waiting for an answer.

Her eyes cut across the expanse of the shopping center as though she were looking for someone.

"Of course, he knew him. Everyone knew Demetri."

I want to say it isn't true. That Dad could never have known someone so demented and twisted, but, then again, apparently he knew Tad.

"So, what did Dad think of him?"

"Demetri?" She jolts back to reality-surprised by the fact we're still carrying on a conversation about him. "Oh, I don't know," she scoffs with irritation. "Your father never liked anyone he labeled as a potential admirer."

"A potential threat," I correct.

"There was never any threat, either real or imagined. He just didn't like other men hanging around. So, Demetri and I decided we wouldn't be friends again until later." She looks up surprised as though she were shocked that she let the last few words trickle from her lips. "You know, like in a nursing home if we made it." She stops trying to stuff herself into her gloves, and yanks them off in frustration. "It's you I want an explanation from."

"Me?" I try to retrace my steps with Demetri. If Mia and Melissa didn't tag along, I would have spilled the beans about everything, right down to the stone freaking altar.

"Yes, you," her words cut in with a little too much aggression. "What in the hell was that kiss about on Christmas Eve? You know, with you and Logan."

"Oh, that." I relax back in my seat surprised to see both Mia and Melissa have ceased their own conversation to pry into ours-damn gossips. "I guess he thought I was dead. He's overly touchy feely that way. Anyway, I really didn't think too much about it." I still feel that kiss in my sleep.

She penetrates me with a look of doubt, like she's not really buying it, as though there were more to the story, and I was slow to fess up. In my mind we're back to the stone altar. Once again I'd love to bowl over her world with stories of Logan holding a blade over my flesh like I was a fish he were about to gut.

"No," she shakes her head, "that was a loaded kiss, and by loaded, I mean with passion. That boy still has very real feelings for you."

"They went to the bathroom together during Holden's party." Mia points out, accusingly.

"I noted that too," Mom nods into me as if to denounce my claim.

"OK, you're over analyzing the situation. The truth is," I bow my head for effect, "I'm having a problem with Logan. I can't shake him, he's like a stalker or something." And I was only kidding when I said it to his face but Mom will probably haul me down to the station to get a restraining order just so she can have Demetri hold her through the trauma of it all.

"I heard Logan talking to his dad while you were taking a shower with his brother," Melissa chimes in. Her mouth moves exactly like Drake's, and it's a little unnerving. And for God's sake, do they both think Logan and Gage are brothers? Are they apprised of nothing Oliver related that is factual? "He said something about being the last person you were with."

"Oh, that." Shit.

Stupid-stupid Logan. I should knee him in the balls just for being himself.

"Skyla," Mom laughs, "what were you doing with Logan?"

"It was...it was raining...oh, I don't really remember. I..."

"Skyla, you cannot be OK with this," Mom's eyes spring wide. "Being with both brothers is just wrong."

I dart a look to Mia to shut her up before she does something stupid like utter Marshall's name.

"I'm not with Logan. I'm exclusively with Gage, and they're not brothers. Technically-"

"About Gage," Mom averts her eyes as she says his name, "what is up with him holding this new girl's hand?"

"And stop saying he's friendly," Mia interjects. "That's bullshit."

"Mia," Mom snips.

"I can't control who he's nice to." OK, this is getting ugly, fast, and it's making me look like the clueless girlfriend, once again. Thank you, Chloe, for ruining my day without even being in it.

"Skyla," Mom leans in secretively, "do you and Gage have, you know, one of those, open relationships?" She says open like it's a dirty word and in this case it so would be.

"No!" I push back my seat in disgust. "Absolutely not. We are one hundred percent committed to one another. We're serious as serious can be without sealing the deal, in fact, we're already practically engaged." Are we? Technically, no, but yes. I think.

"Well," Mom blows backwards. Her cheeks turn an unnatural shade of pink. "I didn't realize. I mean, I knew you were serious but I had no clue you were talking marriage," she sings that last part. Great. "If this is official, I want to have the Olivers over and discuss a five year plan. That's what you're thinking, right?"

"Right," I say, stupidly.

She shakes her head with delight. Her imagination has already taken flight. I can totally tell she's embroiled with wedding details that seventeen-year old me could really care less about. That and the fact Gage already told me we'd marry in a courthouse.

The vision that Marshall gave of me walking towards Logan on a petal-strewn path comes to mind. Great. Maybe she can plan that wedding.

Only that one, I can guarantee, will never happened.

Unless, of course, that's how I kill him-spear him in the side with the sprit sword once I make it down the aisle.

Now that, I like.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Let It Snow

I try not to let the fact it's pouring down rain outside, or the fact Holden and Drake are passing condoms back and forth like trading cards at the kitchen table, get to me.

I'm going away for an entire week with Gage! Of course, Logan and an entire group of people, I wish I never knew, are going too, but still-Gage. Mainland sans Mom and Tad will be heaven. Plus, we will totally be staying at a hotel, well, lodge, but still, that could be exactly where our first time vision comes to fruition.

"What kind of school injects a field trip right in the middle of a holiday?" Tad balks, storming into the room with Mom hot on his heels.

"New Year's is hardly a holiday," she protests. "Besides, I spoke to Mr. Dudley and they have this whole murder mystery thing planned for New Years Eve."

Sounds perfectly deadly. I make a face as I wait for my toast.

"See this, Lizbeth?" Tad collapses a hand in Holden and Drake's direction. "This is how boys bond."

"Over prophylactics?" I ask. And, what's the point of Drake having any? Maybe he really doesn't know where babies come from.

"What?" Tad marches over and picks up a light blue square and examines it as Drake scrambles to slide them back in his bag. "Shit!" Tad's eyes bug out.

"What did you think they were doing?" Mom asks out of curiosity.

"Table football! I thought they were playing table football." He drops the package like it was on fire and Holden slaps his hand over it. "This is exactly why the school has no business conducting vacations. The family should be skiing, then there would be no use for things like... like this!" He points over to the condom that Holden wands like a prize. "They pass those things out like Halloween candy at school. I bet you can line up, get your STD's checked by the time lunch is over, and still sneak in a quickie in the hall."

"Oh, Tad," Mom groans. "Boys, do not even think of using those." She glides by. "Sex at your age is overrated." She nods as though her words had the power to stave off sexual encounters for the next several years.

"You're right," Holden quips. "Although, I hear if you double up on partners, the ratings skyrocket."

"Holden!" Mom barks. Both she and Tad are staring at him with horrified expressions.

I sort of like Holden taking the edge off things around here, namely me.

"I wouldn't really know," Holden shrugs. "I just believe what Skyla tells me."

"You're sick," I say, without missing a beat. I take back the only nice thought I've ever had about him.

"Alright, I give." He belches out an octave that could rival a jungle drum. "We all know the only one that uses those things around here is Drake." Holden leaves the room after his proclamation.

It would have almost been funny if Drake could have wiped the guilty expression from his face.

***

The ferry ride over is magical. Gage and I sit up top in the same spot we were in when we headed to the mainland a few weeks ago. I begged Brielle to stonewall Chloe down below by making her go over cheers. Chloe is a serious cheer-bot. I've never seen anyone so hardcore. If I didn't know better, I'd swear she cared about cheer more than she does about Gage.

"What's on your mind?" His words come out in hot bites right into my ear.

I'm sure as hell not going to say Chloe.

"You and me." Not really a lie.

Marshall comes up the stairwell and waves over at us, offers me a private smile in the process.

Just great.

"We need to figure out a way to get some alone time," I whisper, watching my breath crystallize in a hard ball of steam.

"The guys and I worked out a system where we each get a night alone in the room."

My mouth falls open.

"That is beyond brilliant! So that means me and you..." I want to say something, tag it with something that emphatically implies the obvious, but don't.

"We can figure it out." He nuzzles into me with the tip of his icy nose.

"I love you," I bleat it out warm and tender into his lips.

He greets me with a hot kiss, it warms me from the inside, sends an explosive charge down to my toes.

A soft tap lands on the top of my head and I look up.

Marshall pulls his gloves on after swatting the two of us over the head with them.

"I'm here to supervise not look pretty," he manufactures a smile. "If you're planning on bunking up, the two of you can forget it. Ms. Messenger, I have strict orders and a sturdy fifty dollar bill in my pocket from your stepfather to ensure a chaste environment while you're in my care." Of course, you're welcome in my room-I can best observe your chastity there, in the event you should choose to lose it. He gives a mischievous grin.

"I'll try and remember to stay far away from the opposite gender," I say. Marshall's persistence never ceases to revolt me.

"Very well." He looks to Gage, "Mr. Oliver, I take it you have command of the mountain? Ms. Richards tells me you're a champion skier."

"I know my way around," Gage nods into his admission.

"Then I trust you won't hesitate heading the campaign against East at the end of the week?"

"I'll be there." His cyan colored eyes make the sky wish it could emanate such beauty.

"And you, Ms. Messenger?"

"I'll be on the bunny slope. I've never actually skied before."

Gage takes in a breath as though I had actually confessed to something heinous.

"What?" I turn to look at him. "I thought you knew." OK, so we didn't exactly have a conversation about it, but I'm from L.A., what did he expect?

"I had no idea. But, for sure, I'll hang out with you. I'll be your ski instructor." He digs a dimple into his cheek, and my stomach does a soft roll at the thought of Gage instructing me in anything.

"Don't make a habit of it, Mr. Oliver. The team needs you, and if we're going to bring victory back to campus, you'll need to practice on the big boy slopes. Black diamonds for you."

"Ooh, I want a black diamond," I coo.

"No," Gage shakes his head. "Trust me, you don't. It's the opposite of the bunny slope."

Chloe rears her ugly head while Gage gives a quick kiss just under my ear.

"I have the sudden urge to count barnacles." He gives a quick kiss before darting in the other direction.

Can't she see his distaste for her? Chloe has become nothing more than an offensive odor to Gage.

I refocus my attention on Marshall. God forbid I accidentally make eye contact with Chloe. She's a lunatic that way. Just one look and she'll skin you seven different ways before eating you alive.

"And why couldn't you ask someone else to join the ski team?" I ask. Like Logan I want to say, but I'm afraid to verbalize his name. It's like conjuring up a demon.

"Look at you, seventeen and practically conjoined at the hip. You need to move about the country, spread your wings a little."

"Let me guess, you're prime flying territory?"

"Not a bad direction if I do say so myself. I can show you the world, the history of the world as it happens and an entirely new world if you like."

"I'll head your way under one circumstance."

"Anything." His features hone in on mine, transfixed on what that might be.

"You arrange for me to see my mother."

Chapter Twenty-Five

The Lodge

After the ferry ride, we travel for miles on a bus up treacherous hillsides on a narrow highway that threatens to give way at any moment as evidenced by the sporadic landslides that occur in our wake. It's frightening. I bury my head in Brielle's shoulder as we twist and turn up icy slicks with no guardrail whatsoever protecting us from sailing to a certain fiery death. The only thing that keeps my sanity intact is Gage's prophecy of Logan and me living to be a ripe old age. Still, it doesn't convince me one hundred percent that we're not going down. After all, Logan and I could be the only two survivors, ninety percent charred at that.

We take a hairpin curve and Brielle yaks into the paper bag she's been clenching for the better part of an hour, prompting her to get up and meander towards the bathroom.

Ellis swoops in. I don't give it a second thought before burying my head in his chest and mock weeping.

He lands what feels like a soft kiss on the back of my head.

"Did you just kiss me?" I spring up, suddenly unaware of the fact we're on the death train from hell.

His cheek rises on the side.

"Don't do that." I've got enough people kissing me, and, for sure I don't need to add Stoner Harrison to the list.

"Listen, I've got the room New Year's Eve." He gives a nod as though I should know what this means.

"Good for you, I hope you pack 'em in." The entire bitch squad to be exact.

"After the party, I thought you and me could go on a little adventure."

"An adventure, Ellis? Really?" My head spins as the contents of my stomach start to boil from the residual odor Brielle left behind.

"Light drive. I need to get my stash."

"No. It's a bad habit. I'm going to break it for you. Trust me, you'll thank me."

"I'm not thanking you. Look, if you don't take me, the ice queen will."

"You can't go with Chloe." Who knows what kind of things she's meddling with back there. "I'll go with you." I give an exasperated sigh and twist my neck to get a look at her snuggling into Gage, pretending to fear for her life. "Why New Year's Eve?"

"I got the room. We can disappear, and no one will notice."

"OK, but I'm not coming until the party is good and over."

"I'll be quick. I promise."

"Ellis? Who's the supervising spirit, you know, keeping the treble open?" The treble is the only reason Ellis has a never-ending supply.

His eyes widen then retract as though I wasn't supposed to be privy to this kind of information.

"You wouldn't know even if I told you."

"Can I get a supervising spirit?" Really I just want one for my father, to bring him to me on Paragon.

"You or someone you know, has to ask them," he pauses, "and when you do, they're bound to you until you die."

"What does that mean?"

"It means they give up their rest in the event you need them. It's a huge deal." He shrugs as though he didn't understand it himself.

"How did you get one?"

"My dad gave me one as a gift for my sixteenth birthday."

Normal people get cars if they're outrageously lucky. Count's get celestial spirit guides that approve felonious pot runs.

"Why do you need me if you have a supervising spirit?"

"They're only good for trebles and shit. I can't get back there without you. And I guess if you needed to go to the future you'd need one then, too." He stretches his arms out lazily.

"So, your supervising spirit, it's not a Sector, is it?" God, it better not be Marshall.

"Fem," Ellis sighs hard as though he's already divulged too much.

Brielle comes back and swats at him until he gets up. She clunks down in the seat, pulls her hoodie over her face and moans for the next hour as we twist our way up a near vertical incline.

***

Home for the next week is the Pine Pole Lodge Resort, a huge overgrown log cabin, the size of a mansion that proliferates out into a series of oversized log cabins.

I bounce off the bus and circle around to the front to take in the view. A crisp breeze knifes through my clothes as the sharp scent of pine fills my senses. Across from the resort sits another snowcapped mountain with a circle of evergreens that cut across the timberline like a string of black pearls. Just above that, it looks deliciously barren, like a perfect frosted cake.

"Gorgeous," Logan lands next to me. Breath smokes from his nostrils like his insides were on fire.

"I suppose this is the part where I say yes, and you say, I meant you." I'm onto his cheesy ways.

"Nope. I meant the view." His lips twist into an obnoxious smile, inverting the slit on the side of his face. "OK," he softens, "I meant you, but it's hard to argue with facts."

"Thank you." I think.

"So, tomorrow night, New Year's Eve," he says it as though it's never happened before.

"That's right, count backwards-go to bed." I leave out the kiss to die for.

"Sounds like a plan," he warms my cheek with his breath.

"Alone," I take a step back. "I'll be getting to bed alone." I watch in horror as Chloe schleps Gage around by the hand. "She needs to be stopped." I shake my head in disbelief.

"I can't help you with that. But I can help you if you'd like to see your dad soon." His eyes glisten with hope as he tries enticing me with the idea.

"I'd love to see my dad." Although I don't need Logan for that.

"He's helping me out with some things, and I thought maybe if you wanted, you can come along."

"When? Tonight?"

"No, I'll be wrecked if I'm out all night. I'll be hitting some rough terrain in the morning. Gearing up for the competition against East."

"Sounds like Marshall made the rounds."

"Did he ask you?"

"I can't ski." My admission suddenly feels like a newsworthy debriefing. "When are you going?"

"Wednesday, I've got the room if you want to join me."

By the looks of things, I'll be in their room more than I'll be in mine.

"I'll be there."

Gage waves at me from afar. He's got his mirrored sunglasses and baseball hat on. His black hair flares out the sides soft as feathers. It's his night I wait for. That's one night I'm certain I won't be changing time dimensions or thinking about my father. At least I hope not.

Chloe steps in front of him and stretches like a cat in an effort to block my view. Mom did mention there'd be a murder mystery New Year's Eve. Maybe Chloe can be the victim?

Hell, maybe I'll arrange it myself.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Sleeping Arrangements

Brielle flicks on the lights, revealing a large cabin style room with a bed tucked in each corner. The faint smell of cigarettes and cleaning solutions lingers in the air as I take in the quaint amenities.

Since I was outvoted by a very aggressive Natalie, I don't get to room with Kate after all. It's Brielle, Emily, and Chloe for me, a twisted combination that will make for a very long week. Even though Michelle is technically supposed to be in Nat and Kate's room, her poor confused self lands her suitcase in our room.

I toss my stuff on the bed near the balcony. Just as I'm about to flop onto the mattress, Chloe comes over and whisks my bag off.

"My bed. You can have that one." She flings my duffle to the bed near the bathroom.

"Go ahead," I say. "You stole my boyfriend, you might as well steal my bed."

Brielle's eyes round out in horror.

"I need the window, too" Emily lands herself opposite Chloe and whips out a drawing pad from her backpack.

Immediately I head over and pull up a chair as though some great movie were about to begin. I don't want to miss a single minute of the haunted drawing hour. Emily has a house full of creepy paintings she whipped up that seem to depict the faction war.

"Messenger, I might be moved to kill you in the night," she mutters, completely engulfed in her work. Her charcoal pencil hastens across the landscape of the page at pressured speeds. It's like she's possessed. She hardly seems to be paying attention to the task at hand, what with her eyes scanning the room every now and again in what amounts to a bout of genuine paranoia.

"What is it?" Brielle sits beside her and gasps.

"It's the view outside our window. I want to capture it before the sun sets."

Her hand jettisons across the notebook in hyper drive before she turns the paper around and shows her work off.

Holy shit.

"That's amazing," I whisper.

There's more detail in that picture than the naked eye could possibly grasp from this vantage point. I go over and look outside. It's accurate down to the odd detail of rust on the bottom of the yield sign on the highway just below us. The lake has a distinct U-shape that curves at the tip and a set of boulders with a small tree sprouting out from a crevice that actually I have to strain to see.

"So you're an angel or something, right?" I ask.

"Skyla," Brielle hisses.

Chloe chokes as though I had just omitted some foul bodily odor.

"Angel?" Emily scoffs. "You think I'm getting my superpowers from above?" her voice dips mockingly.

"Or below." I shrug unsure of what the right answer might be.

Her dark green eyes slit right through me.

"It's just something I do. This is years of honing the craft," she relaxes. "If you want, later, I can do body art-"

I cut her off, "I want!"

Brielle and Chloe both look up at me suspiciously.

"It's like a life page," Emily shakes out her dark curls, "Only I use your body as the canvas." She looks annoyed by the concept.

"What's a life page?" I'm fascinated by this.

"You know," she shrugs into her work, "you tell me things about yourself, and I get a vibe and draw out a map of your life."

"Oh my God," I'm breathless.

"Relax, Messenger," Chloe rolls back onto the bed. "You're beginning to sound like a groupie."

"Maybe I am."

Emily inspects me uneasily as though the idea of having a groupie, a female one at that, doesn't sit well with her.

"We can make a party of it. I'll invite a bunch of people to our room," I say. Like Gage and Logan. I'd love to know what the future holds for the two of them, especially since theirs seem to be intrinsically related to mine.

"We'll have music!" Brielle beams as though she were already taking over the endeavor in her mind.

"Just you guys and Nat, Kate, and Lex." Emily doesn't break her gaze with the outside world until she's done with the picture.

"We can shave our legs together," Chloe insists.

Figures. The one activity Chloe suggests, and it involves razor blades.

"Then it's on," Brielle shrugs. "After dinner."

***

Chloe the control freak insists that I sit next to Marshall in the oversized barn of a cafeteria. The entire facility is laden with mounted heads of at least a dozen menacing looking creatures.

I study each one in detail, all so different, yet each one with the same hollowed out gaze. I wonder what made people stop and think it wasn't appropriate to mount humans that way but that it was perfectly fine to decapitate a majestic creature and nail its cranium to a wall? Maybe it's just that-preserving the art of the majesty. There's nothing majestic about a dead human though, pretty gross actually. I wonder if that's what finally drove Ezrina insane? All those corpses to tag and bag, and nothing else to do all the livelong day, after all, her lover had morphed into a ball of feathers.

Logan catches my eye, and I'm quick to revert my attention to Marshall sitting in front of me.

"See that one?" He points up with his fork at a demented looking wild bore with teeth hooked outside of its mouth. "Fought an entire herd once, each one the size of a small car. Fems love to inject themselves into unsuspecting land animals, wild game seems to be the chosen modality."

"What do you mean inject themselves?" Something warm shoots up along my head. I swipe my hand over my hair and find fresh mashed potatoes on my fingers. "Who did that?"

I fully expect to see the bitch squad, instead I see Nat and Kate. Nat's laughing with a spoon lodged in her mouth, and Kate looks equally amused.

"I swear she's totally demented." I clean the remainder out with my napkin. Two tables over I see Chloe sitting beside both Logan and Gage, and my stomach spins. "I hate her," I hiss. "She, for sure, is demented. There's no way anybody can be that evil."

"You seem to be amassing quite the list of enemies," he looks indifferent to the situation. "I also note you are rather Oliver deficient when Chloe is present."

My eyes bulge unnaturally. "Yeah, well, she's got him by the balls. She saw Gage levitate, and she threatened to call the authorities or the sci-fi channel if he doesn't spend time with her." I want to swallow my tongue at what a lame ass excuse it managed to mangle out. We both know the truth.

Marshall pulls his lips into a bleak line. He bares into my soul with those deep copper eyes.

"Don't be foolish, Skyla. I'm apprised of the situation. You needn't feed me the lie. I rather like this arrangement. More Skyla for me, less Oliver for you," he motions with his fork before taking another bite. "The only stipulation I have before I turn you in is to have my cover blown-verbalized to my face. I'm being kind to you, Skyla, but I'm gathering she won't be. Learn to control the lower quarter of your skull before vocalizing."

Shit.

I can't eat. I can't breathe-all I can do is stare right at Marshall, dumbfounded and grateful. I know full well I'd better not piss him off, like ever, or he may lose his love of semantics. Freaking Chloe. Now I really do want to go over and drown her in her soup. Or maybe I can outdo Nat by sticking both her and Chloe in a giant vat of mashed potatoes-death induced by starch inhalation, dunk them in molten gravy when I'm through.

"Now, now, no need to look so devastated." He leans over and slaps my cheek gently on either side. "You're in dire need of color. My room-ten o'clock-arrive lively and agile."

"What's happening in your room?" I narrow in on him.

"I'll braid your hair, and you can paint my nails." He leans in and hisses, "What do you think is going to happen in my room?"

Even though I am feeling rather defeated, a burst of anger manages to rip right through me. It takes everything in me not to reach over and shake him.

"I seem to belong to everybody these days," I force a weak smile. "But I'll be damned if I'm going to add you to the list."

The hint of a smile slits across his face.

"Life isn't fair now is it?"

Chloe cackles, and Marshall's eyes dart across the room at her. She leans into Gage as though it were natural, as though she truly believed he wanted her there.

"Maybe I can reduce your work load by one." Something swims beneath the corrupt smile he wears as though he were bursting to fill me in on the details. "I smell death, Skyla." He indulges in a bigger grin as though this were great news. "Coming to camp less than days away."

"You do?" I border on full-blown enthusiasm at the prospect of Chloe's impending demise.

"Do restrain your elation," he warns. "I'll let nature take its course at ten and if you feel the need to withhold your touch, I'd rather still enjoy the company."

"Ten," I say it with vigor.

"Now if you'll excuse me, I have plans to make." Marshall abandons his tray and strides out of the facility. I can't help but bite down a smile that's waiting to invade my face.

I catch Logan and Gage eyeing me suspiciously from across the way. I try to focus in on my meal but can't.

Chloe's days are numbered. Because freaking shit-ding, dong, the witch is almost dead.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Body Rock

OK, I've seriously reconsidered my enthusiasm regarding Chloe's date with the grim reaper. All of the Counts I've offed in an effort to repay those Celestra deaths haunt me horribly. I know as a warrior, that desires to save my race, it was the right thing to do but as a human, who understands all too well what it's like to lose a member of my family, I feel lower than the scum stuck between the ridges on the bottom of my shoe. I'm less than nothing, worse than Demetri Edinger and Chloe combined because I claim to have a heart but have proved to all of creation that I don't. I'm no different. I'm exactly like they are-conjoined twisted souls, the same.

After dinner, the party commences in our room.

Emily instructs us all to put on a bathing suit, and I giddily comply.

It's only seven, and the guys could not believe we were opting out of the movie downstairs in lieu of soda and junk food up in our rooms. When they begged to come over, they were equally stunned when we emphatically said no. Well, I didn't say no, Chloe, the master of ceremonies said no. I would have loved to lounge around with Gage in my bathing suit. Of course, Chloe would be here, and she's sort of the killjoy of our love, so that wouldn't have been any fun anyway. My date night with Gage is Friday. I've got good vibes about what might transpire in his room that night, but I don't dare breathe a word around Chloe, hell I don't even think it around her.

Tomorrow night is New Year's Eve. After the party, Ellis and I will travel back to one of my all time favorite nights-the night I extinguished Chloe's flame, if only for a little while. Wednesday, Logan is going to visit my dad whether I like it or not, so, of course, I'll hitch a ride, and then there's Friday...

"Messenger?" Chloe is clearly perturbed. "Get your razor."

"Oh, right," I pick it up from the nightstand obediently and wave it at her. Chloe has this demented fantasy that shaving our legs together will be some sort of psychedelic bonding experience. Maybe she's hoping we'll all go insane and shave our heads like Michelle, well, almost like Michelle.

Brielle slides her leg out of a vat of water from what looks like a trashcan, and I try not to gag. I push a dollop of foaming gel onto my palm and lather it up and down my shin. I don't feel any mystical connection or sense any romantic notions with this bizarre shaving ceremony. This is the same banal routine I carry out each day in the shower. In fact, I can't help feeling bored by the entire event. The room is quiet as we busy ourselves with stripping the unwanted debris off our bodies. It feels slightly industrial as though we were taken prisoner by Chloe and now we're forced to participate in mass hygiene rituals together.

"So who here would like to share how they'd prefer to die?" Chloe pans over at the entire lot of us as though she's ready to make our dreams come true.

"No, the one way you'd never like to die," Emily corrects.

Funny-the two of them tag teaming us with such morbidly laced questions. I wonder if this is a precursor to Emily creating our life drawings. And, let me guess, she'll make sure to tell us each we live out our worst nightmare in the end.

"By fire," I volunteer. "That's how my dad died." I cut death rays through Chloe when I say it. I almost add the fact that my mother died that way, too, but leave my genealogy out of the conversation.

"I'm with you," Brielle quips as she opts out of coming up with her own grisly scenario like having your heart stop while trying to push a twenty pound baby from between your legs.

"I don't know, maybe falling, or getting a part of your body whacked off unrepentantly," Kate pulls at her long blonde curls, looks up at the ceiling when she says it. "I hate heights."

"Me too." See? We'd totally get along if we knew each other better. We'd totally steer clear of cliffs and Ezrina, who, by the way, is completely capable of hacking off body parts unrepentantly. Kate and I would be great friends, unlike Chloe who threatened to push me off Devil's Peak the first chance she could.

"I want to fall," Michelle sings into it softly. "I like the feeling. It's fun and scary, like at an amusement park. I'd hate to burn like Messenger." Michelle says it like it's already happened.

"What about you, Nat?" Chloe prods her into the conversation.

Nat's curls are so kinky, so locked up towards her scalp they look like dread locks.

"I want to feel the fear," she needles me with the word fear, "I want to have the pleasure of knowing that I'm about to eat it for good and have the chance to let out a blood curdling scream. So, yeah," she picks at something on her leg, "falling, I guess."

I think both Michelle and Nat missed the point since it was supposed to be the worst death, not your preference, but geez, what the heck ever happened to old and in bed?

"I want to die in bed," Lexy looks over each one of us. Finally, someone with a good idea. "Naked, with Logan wrapped around me." She stares off dreamily into the black window.

My stomach cinches at the thought of Lexy and Logan tangled up in one another. I'm ashamed of the fact that I can't seem to let him go. I wish with everything in me that I didn't care about him.

"It's how you'd hate to die," Chloe hisses as though Lexy's visual upset even her.

"Falling," Lexy shrugs it off.

"Well, we will be on a ski lift for the rest of the week," Brielle gives a few upwards strokes to both her legs before wiping the creamy foam off her skin. "I hate feeling like this." She lies back on the carpet and fans herself as though staving off a serious urge to puke.

"What's wrong with you?" Kate asks. She's so innocent I almost want to give her the G version before Brielle spews it out there.

"I'm with spawn," Brielle says bored, like she were telling us what she had for dinner.

A collective gasp fills the room.

"I bet you don't even know who the father is," Chloe is the first in line to offer support.

"Nice way to change the subject, Bishop," Brielle pins her, "but I think you should answer the question. What kind of death do you fear?"

"I don't fear anything," Chloe takes in a breath and pushes her face towards the light. "Ever since I've been back, I haven't felt a quiver. It's like I'm stealth. I can handle just about anything."

Yeah, right-one day without Gage and she'd stop the world from spinning and eject all of humanity off into space.

"The worse way to die is unloved," she bows her head, "I think I need it to breathe. I need to experience what that's like just once, and if I don't, I'd rather die in a million fires. Nothing could hurt worse than not being loved."

The room grows quiet, still. It was obvious to me, the one time I met the Bishops that they loved Chloe very much. I know damn well it's Gage she burns for. A swell of pity rises in my chest, aches for me to claim it, but I won't. I love my father too much to feel sorry for Chloe.

"Em, what about you?" I ask. Emily is an untapped well. I'd stay up all night to hear her read a grocery list. That's how much she fascinates me.

Emily plucks a marker out of her purse. "I don't play stupid games. Whoever wants to go first, lay on the bed."

Michelle hops on and stretches her arms back, long and lean like two gold snakes. As soon as Emily starts dabbing into her stomach with the tip of the marker, Michelle breaks out into a fit of giggles. It takes no more than two minutes for Emily to whip up a garden scene on her torso. A strange evil looking man hovers over a frightened girl surrounded by black roses. That looks about right.

Brielle hops up and is decorated with a simple martini glass. Bizarre, and yet if her mom is any indicator in the direction her life might be going, I'd say Emily is two for two.

Kate gets two floral wreathes and a chain of lightning bolts across her neck. Chloe gets a goofy maze and a giant sword slashing through the whole thing. Nat gets some insane face that looks as though it's locked in a scream, and Lexy gets a dozen little balls of fire whirling all over her with a girl that's deflecting them by way of her foot.

Finally it's my turn.

I lie down on the cool slippery comforter and wait for the show to begin.

Emily leans in and drops her marker on the bed. She places both her warm hands over my stomach and breathes out the words, "Oh, my God."

Chapter Twenty-Eight

The Grand Design

I watch from the bed as a starlit night rains its glory over the lake in a brilliant reflection of light. The night wind whistles its fury through a crack in the balcony door, creating the sound of a thousand ghosts screaming, all of them clambering for a body as though I alone were the purveyor of their misery.

Emily glides over me with both hands equipped with two and three colored pens each. She's providing us with an ambidextrous feat that astonishes each of us in the room. And if Brielle suggests one more time that Emily should totally be an artist one day, I'm going to smack her myself.

Michelle, Kate, and Lexy seem only slightly amused by the aggressive stream of ink being let out upon my person, but Chloe and Nat study it as though it were an ancient language that unveils timeless secrets, as if even their own destinies were intertwined with mine. They try to read me from every angle.

Emily has generously covered my entire torso, my limbs, the inside of my thighs, under my arms, the soles of my feet. It's ridiculous how much something like this tickles. Yet, there is definitely something torturously erotic about the entire event-the elongated strokes, the quiver of cold felt covering just about every inch, their hot breath raining down in spasms-the nonstop voyeuristic nature of the act alone.

The clock on the nightstand glows 9:55 in bright red numerals. God knows what I'll turn into if I don't get to Marshall's room in time.

"I have to go." I try and bat Emily's hand from leaching into the center of my chest, but she growls at me and presses on with a fury, continuing her endeavor.

"I don't think I can take anymore," I say. Truthfully, Marshall or not, I really can't stand another moment of Emily's continual molestation. And I reek! I'm probably going to get blood poisoning from the toxin in those things.

"You can't rush shit like this, Messenger," Emily wipes the back of her hand against her forehead before continuing. "I'm almost through." She continues to tickle the landscape of my body in long sweeping strokes, dusting over me in a continual tizzy as though this were the grand finale. She picks up pens and drops them so fast, it's a wonder she can keep track of the colors. It's only then I notice there is a rhythm involved, another layer of intricacy at work here that leads me to further believe there's an outside force influencing her every move. "There." She steps back admiring her labor from above. Emily turns her head nine different directions before bringing down a black marker over my heart.

"I thought you said you were done?" God, it's ten freaking o'clock! The last time I feared getting in this kind of trouble, my dad was alive and I actually cared about curfews. Although I have a feeling, Marshall's intent is far from paternal.

"OK, one more thing." She forces a puzzled look as though even she can't understand what that marker is doing dancing across my chest. Without hesitating she pulls off my bikini top on my left side and scribbles something over my boob. "Shit," I knock her hand off. This has got be a joke.

"Suit yourself." She begins, replacing the caps on the markers.

Obviously Chloe wanted her to do this crap to me. I stand up and inspect my body. It's rainbow vomit. I take a closer look. Actually, it's flowers, and vines, and thorns, and bodies? A book, lightning bolts, a million butterflies, a mountain, a magnificent looking sword-a twin to Chloe's-holy shit, Emily really is the haunted artist.

I snatch a white bathrobe off the bed with Pine Pole Lodge neatly embroidered on the left hand corner and pull it on. I cinch up the belt, step into a pair of Brielle's black FMs that she dragged up here for New Year's Eve, and bolt out the door.

"Where you going?" Brielle shouts after me.

"I have to meet a friend."

***

When I pushed my feet into Brielle's four inch FMs, it wasn't because I wanted to impress Marshall. It was because they were the closest thing to the door, and I knew I would have to cross the center courtyard which is covered with two inches of fresh powder.

I try to shake the chill off my shoulders as I get to his room. I give a brisk knock and wait. A few seconds drift by, and I start to wonder if this is the part where I have an awkward run-in with Ms. Richards leaving. I give a series of far more aggressive knocks, and the door pushes in with the weight of my hand.

"Marshall?" I whisper in the event he really does have company. The lights are on, and I can smell his spiced cologne, so I open the door further and walk in. "Hello?" It's pretty clear he's nowhere in the vicinity.

The bathroom door sits wide open. The bed is neatly made, bloated with a luxury comforter we were deprived of in our suite. The sheets are still stretched taut, still tucked into the mattress. I walk over to the bed and bounce my knees off the mattress. A black suitcase lies neatly zipped on the floor. I give it a kick-feels solid. I peer at the door, not a sound coming from the hall. Reflexively I reach over and the zipper cuts through the air with three palpable sizzles.

I flip back the heavy lid. Another zipper on the inside keeps neatly hidden, whatever is creating a serious bulge, and the sound of chimes emits, sounds like change but richer in texture.

"I knew it!" A voice peals from the doorway.

I look up in horror to see Nat dashing her way over.

"I knew you were going to see Dudley. Where is he? Getting whipped cream from the kitchen?"

God-she's probably right.

I try to close the suitcase, but she pushes the flap back farther and dives in elbows deep.

"OK, we should probably go."

"I can't believe you're really getting it on with Dudley," she pants as she holds up a pair of boxers.

I snatch them out of her hand and pull down the top of the suitcase.

"We need to get the hell out of here," I look nervously towards the door. "He's going to go ape when-"

"What's that noise?" She interrupts my earnest plea and slaps the lid back with finality. Her fingers slide across the zipper in the upper compartment before dipping down inside. A slight smile begins to play on her lips. "Ooh," she laughs, producing something red covered with lace, and, oh holy crap-it's lingerie.

She shags it out in front of me.

"It brings out the nothingness of your eyes," she mocks.

It's a corset with black ribbon running up the back in loose X's. I snatch it away and hold it up to examine it myself. It's gorgeous but I'll never tell Marshall that. The metal hooks that run along either side of the back are shaped as intricate metal flowers. It looks more like an amazing piece of art, rather than something you'd strap to your body.

I toss it into the suitcase and get up.

"I'm out of here," I whisper.

Her hand pulls back from the side compartment once again, this time producing a variety of metallic objects. She holds up a black leather choker with a pendant of a miniature spirit sword dangling from the middle. I take it from her and temporarily ignore the other trinkets in her palm-ignore the fact that Nat has already submerged her other hand into Marshall's kinky bag of goodies. I fondle the miniature sword to see if I can get it to illuminate. What could I kill with this? Miniature Fems? Inflict punishment on Chloe's big toe?

Nat holds something out, and a glint of light snaps me out of my thunderstruck stupor.

Twin rings. I recognize the dazzling blue stones set into silver bands.

"Oh, God!" I gasp at the sight. The stones are identical to the one on Chloe's protective hedge.

Nat clasps her hand around them before jamming one on her finger.

"They're mine," she stands.

"You can't take them!" I try to pry her fingers open in a panic. "You don't know Dudley. He goes insane when people steal from him!"

"Let go," she shoves me hard against the bed.

"Nat," I shout after her as she heads towards the door. "You're going to lose a finger, or worse!" She leaves a vacuum in her wake. Great. There's two more protective hedges running around and they're under the custodial care of a Count.

I shut Marshall's suitcase, so I can get the hell out of dodge. I happen to know better than to take things from Marshall. I've learned my lesson twice on what it means to mess with the all-powerful Sector in my life.

I turn to bolt for the door, but it shuts and locks before I can get there.

"Ms. Messenger," Marshall's voice booms.

I jump when I see him.

Marshall seethes with a psychotic brand of anger. He looks downright rabid.

"I suppose there's hell to pay," I give a feeble smile.

"Take off your robe," he instructs with a forced sense of calm.

And I do.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

All Over Me

Dropping trou for Marshall wasn't exactly how I planned on spending my first night up at the Pine Pole Lodge, not the last night or any night in between to be specific.

I hold out my arms and twirl for him, slow and methodical making every effort to hypnotize him in the process. I want to enthrall him with Emily's body art before he peels my skin off for riffling through his things.

His warm fingers clasp onto my bare midriff and startle me into giving an audible gasp.

"Be still love, I'm reading the script."

"What does it say?" It never occurred to me that Emily might actually be doing something coherent, well, other than the pictures. "Tell me," I urge.

Marshall starts in just above a whisper. He begins chanting something that has an eerie rhythm similar to the allegiance that Logan and the other Counts were spewing around me in the circle of unholy sacrifices the day I disappeared.

"Louder, I can't hear you," I say.

His fingers sink into my flesh, funneling that tuning fork feeling right through my bones. I drop my head back from the intensity of the sensual stream of energy.

Marshall raises his voice an octave, it becomes clear he's speaking a different tongue altogether.

"What is that?"

"It's not of this earth. You wouldn't understand the words-nor grasp their meaning," he spins me around. "This is powerfully prophetic."

"It's here, too." I point at my navel and trail the strange script all the way up to my top. I pull down the left side of my bathing suit, generously exposing myself to him, so he can see, well, everything.

Marshall returns my suit to its proper position and rests his hand over me with a wild budding grin.

"What did it say?"

"That, my love, was in perfect English. It was a side note from the portal through which the spasm of color on your flesh came to be."

I remove his hand and pull back my bikini just enough to peek inside.

Chloe + Gage forever.

I roll my eyes.

"Figures. That's probably what the rest of it says, too."

"That's not what the rest of it says," he takes a step back and kicks his suitcase. "She stole something, what was it?" His expression sharpens.

"Rings," I admit. "With the same stone as Chloe's necklace. I want one. Give one to me." I meet him right where he is, good and pissed.

"Demanding are we? And no, you must never have it. For God's sake, if it comes into your possession, don't put the darn thing on."

"More Fems?" I'm hopeful. I never was Nat's biggest fan. Hopefully she'll share the wealth with Pierce.

"That and something far more sinister." He picks up the corset and gives a lazy smile in my direction.

"No." I swallow hard. It's as inevitable as taking my next breath. I can already feel it.

"Come, Skyla, you'll be wearing more than you are now. "But first," he pulls his phone out of his pocket and fidgets with it "we're going to take some pictures."

I open my mouth to protest then reconsider.

"Only if you send them to me," I say. I want to examine the designs later at my own leisure, and most of them are in places I'll never be able to see with my own eyes.

"I'll send the entire lot of them once I'm through, feel better?"

"Yes." I raise my arms and twist and turn, allowing Marshall to point and click his way around my body. It feels pedestrian, medical, nothing at all erotic or wrong about my math teacher taking pictures of me in a bikini and heels in his hotel room. That reminds me-I pluck off my shoes and glide belly first onto his bed, so he can take pictures of my soles as well.

"Freeze," he says it so serious I'm sure he's about to pluck a spider from my hair, or swat a Fem off my back, instead he flexes and secures the corset around my chest. In one fell swoop, he unties my bikini top and flings it across the room.

My hands fly up over my chest to ensure the corset doesn't fall off, like he didn't already see my left boob tonight-as though the right one wasn't its twin, but still.

Another flash goes off.

"Hey!"

"For posterity," he says, tossing his cell onto the dresser and landing on his stomach next to me. "The corset is for tomorrow evening."

"I won't be here. I have a date." The thought of classifying what I do with Ellis as a date just feels wrong.

"It's for our party game." His arm slips beneath mine, and he picks up my hand. "Who is this date with?"

"Ellis. What party game? Is it the murder mystery?"

"Precisely. You get to die. Does that excite you?"

"No. Why me? Choose Chloe, for real."

"I've chosen you. The rest of the students get to play dress up from an old costume trunk provided by the facility, but you, my dear, are wearing an authentic piece from 1645. I made it myself," his voice trails off.

"You made this?" I finger the intricate lace pattern on the bodice.

"The iron work." His finger beads down the back.

"Who did you make this for?"

"Never mind." His features darken. He looks lonely and far away, as though, not even my touch can bring him back to this distant future.

"She's dead." I doubt death stops Marshall from hotly pursuing his victims.

"I've seen her since if that's what you're eluding to."

"She didn't choose you," I say it as a solemn fact rather than a question.

"She chose another. The black death greeted her with open arms. She died at Dover-threw herself off a cliff after they took her betrothed to the tower."

"That's in England."

"London. There was a great war."

"The Fems were involved," I say, knowingly.

"Yes. They turned the tide, but never mind that." He gives a casual blink. "You're here now, and that's not going to happen again."

"What do I have to do to help you win this war?" It feels like a loaded question-like all of the weight of the world hinges on whatever is about to come from his mouth.

"You'll have to advance to Ahava."

"Where is it, and how do I get there?"

"In the ethereal plane. You'll have to fight."

He strokes his fingers through my hair then rubs gently against the rim of the corset as though it were her flesh. It's safe to say that whoever he made this corset for he loved her with an eternal passion.

"Nonsense," he corrects.

I look down at our still conjoined hands.

"I wanted her, and she rejected me. You weren't the first to dismiss my advances." He pairs his words with a subtle lascivious smile, clearly throwing out the offer once again.

"When will you take me to see my mother?" I choose to ignore the proposal he's laid out on the table-bed, altogether.

His eyes gloss over my body, then drop to the floor.

"You'll see her in just a little while, Skyla."

"Why does this sound ominous?"

"She has a seat on the justice alliance."

"Crap," I whimper.

"Oh, yes," he gives a lethal nod. "I warned you to stay away from the pretty Oliver."

"Will you be there with me?"

His hand slides down my back and rests at the base. It warms me and makes me feel secure-yet another thing I have to feel ashamed of.

"Logan will be with you. Isn't he enough?" Marshall enjoys all of the treachery of the moment.

"I never want to be with him." I try and stave off thoughts of the light drive we have planned to see my father.

Marshall pats the back of my thigh. "If I were you, I'd seriously reconsider traveling with him in any dimension." There's a satisfied gleam in his eye. There's not enough white noise in the world to keep Marshall out of my thoughts. "Think twice before he lures you anywhere."

"What do you mean lure?" I hardly think he would harm me with my father present.

"I mean, there will come a time when he will lure you somewhere and you may not be able to get back."

It will probably be an accident.

"Or not."

Chapter Thirty

The Big Chill

After breakfast I ditch the noisy cafeteria and steal a moment alone out on the overlook.

The crisp mountain air leaves me dizzy as I gaze out at the beauty of the snow-covered peaks. The harsh lines of rock appear and disappear with a scant number of trees ebbing their way beyond the timberline. I wonder what the world would feel like up there on the barren landscape that lies just beneath a bevy of fat clouds. I wonder if I would feel safe, far from Marshall and his war, away from Logan and the danger he brings with him like a knife sharpened blade.

A swirl of dark feathers spirals up above, and I flag down Nevermore until he lands on the railing of the balcony.

"Hello, sweet friend," my words drip with sadness. I've been having a serious transference issue regarding him and Logan-me and Ezrina ever since he told me all about his unhappily ever after.

Why so morose? He asks, picking up on my demeanor.

"Just everything," I don't really feel like going into the fact I couldn't take a shower because I didn't dare wash off Emily's hieroglyphics so soon or the fact I want to push Chloe off the nearest cliff but can't. "Hey," an idea comes to me, "how about I arrange a meeting between you and Ezrina?" I jump on my toes with excitement.

It's strictly forbidden.

"Well, what if it were an accident? What if I needed you and you just happened to bump into her?" God-how would I feel if Logan saw me after I was completely deformed by the Counts? I'd be devastated, although if he could get over my misshapen face and, of course, if I could get over the fact he was a bird, I think we'd still have those strong feelings for one another.

What the hell am I saying? And with Logan?

A pair of arms wrap themselves around me tight. Gage pulls a kiss onto my lips from behind. He rests his chin on my head and sags into me.

Nevermore darts into the branches of a nearby tree. Probably trying to get away from my insanity.

"I love you," I breathe out the words as I clasp onto the back of his neck. Every day should start with me saying I love you to Gage.

A thick sadness emanates off him. I try to read his thoughts, but he's purposely blocking them like only he knows how. I wonder if it was growing up with Logan that helped him master the art-or his relationship with me? But either way, he's impenetrable.

I turn around and gasp at his bright red eyes. He pulls a bleak smile.

"What happened?" God-maybe his dog died. My hand rises to my chest at the thought.

He looks over at me solemn, bereft. "Heard you were hanging out with Dudley last night."

Nat. Of course, she blabbed the whole thing as soon as she got back to the room, what else did I expect?

"He told me to meet him there at ten." A flood of heat rises to my cheeks. "I'm sure Chloe made up all sorts of stupid details." Shit. What if Nat told her about the corset?

"Chloe didn't mention anything." His lips press together as he examines me. "What happened?"

"We talked about the faction war." Something in me lights up with fear.

"You have a good time?" You could drive a nail in the ground with his hard stare.

"No." Why does it feel like we're suddenly fighting? Like I need to defend myself to Gage of all people. "Marshall's nothing to me. He's an irritant like Chloe."

He gives a slow, disbelieving blink.

"Why are you acting like this? You know he freaks me out."

"Did he touch you?"

"No." I doubt Gage is talking about Marshall brushing up against my hand. "Why are you asking me this? What's going on?"

He produces his phone, presses into it before holding it out for me to see.

"You tell me."

I take in a breath.

It's a picture of me on Marshall's bed. I've got my thumb on my lower lip in a seductive manner, and my thigh is turned up on the side. It looks as though I'm naked save for the loosely threaded corset.

"Oh, crap," it comes out below a whisper.

"Yeah, I said the same thing." His hardened eyes lock onto mine before he speeds off into the swarming sea of bodies.

***

I stay in the room all day long-forgo snow play, sledding, and promises of a snowball fight of apocalyptic proportions. Instead, I wallow in misery, too ashamed to face Gage. I study the pictures on my body that are already beginning to warp and fade. I don't dare take a shower. Instead, I read the images over and over, try to memorize them as if they were the words to a tragically beautiful poem.

The vine is the constant. It wraps itself around my body, never breaking, always interwoven throughout all the drama of the circular rainbows-the shower of butterflies. Another vine, this one comprised of thorns, is intertwined around my neck, it tries to choke out the vine that spans my existence but a tiny branch grows up and sprouts two bright green shoots that hang over the crook of my ear. Then there's the lion. He dots my skin at regular intervals, like the happy face of a sunflower, until you look closer, and it reveals itself to be a ferocious man-eater, instead. I can only gather that the vine is Gage, the thorn is Chloe, but we survive and renew ourselves despite her constant pestering, and the lion I already know is Logan. So beautiful to admire from a safe distance, but get too close, and he'll eat you for breakfast. I don't need Marshall to decipher that much for me. It's the rest I long to know, the outrageous landscapes-Ahava perhaps? The questionable dark stain that spans my entire torso which, under careful scrutiny, dissolves into a series of microscopic pictures. The last things that puzzle me are the set of three discs with multicolored stones set in the center.

I should have figured Marshall was up to no good when he offered to take these pictures. I had no idea there was a little bit of Mia in him. Although in her defense, she never did email both East and West High with that picture of me making out with him. It's almost a mute point now because they all suspect far worse than that anyway.

The girls come back in the room, bursting with an unnecessary level of jubilation. It doesn't quite mesh with all of the languishing I've been participating in since my unfortunate meeting with Gage this morning.

"What are you doing?" Brielle lands a large blue gift bag next to me. "This is from Dudley. He said you got first pick of the costume closet last night." Her words take an upturn in volume, pointing out the obvious.

"A gift from your lover? Open, please." Chloe bites down on her lower lip.

"Skyla's a virgin." Brielle unwraps a sucker from out of her pocket and sticks it in her mouth with vigor.

"She's got you fooled," Chloe says, dumping the contents of the bag and holding up the corset. "Love it." She holds up a matching leather skirt and the choker with a miniature spirit sword. She fingers it a moment, squinting into it before securing it onto my neck. "Hardly looks deadly," she gives a quick wink.

"Looks phallic," Brielle leans in. Everything looks phallic to Brielle.

Emily comes up from behind, and frowns at it. "It does look like a tiny penis."

"I bet it's a life size rendition of Dudley's." Chloe sways on her heels holding back a laugh.

"I bet it's a cast version of the real thing," Nat comes in close to examine it. The ring she stole sits proudly on her middle finger. "Oh, wait, it just got smaller."

Nat and Chloe breaks out into cackles.

The toilet flushes, and Michelle comes out of the bathroom looking haggard and worn.

"What's so funny?" She flashes the twin ring on her forefinger.

"Skyla is filling us in on her night with Dudley." Nat turns a shoulder up to her.

"Just the nasty bits," Chloe laughs.

Michelle doesn't even break a smile. She pins both Chloe and me with her discontent, brands us with her hatred, hot as an iron.

Then a strange idea rouses in the back of my mind and I can't help but think-the enemy of my enemy is my friend.

Chapter Thirty-One

Dressed to Kill

The Pine Pole Hall is decked out in romantic twinkle lights, and doused in a dark rainbow of red and blue illuminations giving it that crime scene effect that I'm sure Marshall is after. Thank God it's warm in here. I almost froze to death on the walk over. It's all Marshall's fault that I'm seriously clothing deficient. Why I go along with everything he says is beyond me. If I were captured by the Counts I'd probably be warm and toasty while they siphon an eternal blood supply from me. Once I get the feeling back in my limbs, I'm going to have to seriously weigh my options.

Chloe is the most enthused to be here. Figures, that she's overeager to participate in yet another murder, this time apparently mine.

We each sign in and are given a piece of paper we're to share with no one. We spend our time introducing ourselves as our characters, but really, I'm waiting to see Gage walk through the door with those forlorn eyes. Swim in those sad pools of blue as I try to explain away why I'm quite possibly the worst girlfriend ever.

The entire student body is outfitted with period pieces from the late eighteen hundreds. My corset is dated even for this soiree and yet I'm the only girl here even remotely exposing her neck. Not to mention the gallon of ink Emily used to cover my flesh.

"You must be the whore," Chloe leans in, slapping her white lace gloves against the palm of her hand. The bitch squad including their honorary member, Brielle, is all wearing pastel dresses with full bustles and turtlenecks, long sleeves. Nat and Kate look like nuns, clad in black down to their ankles. I swear it looks like Marshall swiped this stuff straight out of the haunted closet back at the Transfer.

"Lets see, the only one that looks even remotely normal is Skyla," Nat rolls her eyes. "And, she happens to be sleeping with the idiot who put on this show. Is it any coincidence that I look like crap, on New Year's Eve?" She adjusts her ring then quickly hides it beneath her bell shaped sleeve once Marshall appears in the vicinity.

"I think you're right," Brielle pins me with an accusatory look. She waves down Drake who's dressed like a waiter.

"What are you supposed to be?" She shouts over at him. The hum of the crowd sounds like an entire city of people evacuated the 1890's and landed in this mountainous community.

"I'm the butler," he fans his handkerchief. "I'm really good at doing it."

Half of us groan.

"What? The butler always does it." He holds out his hands as Brielle drags him off.

Then I see him.

Gage looks resplendent in an inky dark suit. He pauses just shy of the entry, panning the crowd with a stony expression. Logan comes up behind him dressed almost identical, and now that I realize it, most all of the guys look the same.

Pierce comes over and squeezes Nat from behind eliciting a harsh squeal. He drives her next to me, baring his fangs over his lips.

"I hear it's a good night to die." He gives a hard stare.

"Go right ahead and do it," I shoot back.

"I'm going to do it alright. I got the role of facilitator." He gives a short-lived smile. "I have a court date with your name on it set for the nineteenth. I need the charges dropped by then, or all hell is gonna break loose on your ass."

"Are you threatening me?" Something in me boils at the thought of Pierce telling me what to do and when to do it. My feet twist in the other direction but I don't. Instead, I grab him by the lapel of his jacket and push him into the corner shaking Nat from his person in the process.

"I gave your stupid brother a body after he attacked me that night at the Falls. I let you suck pints of my blood for your twisted pleasure without skinning you alive. You should be eternally grateful for all of the bullshit I put up with."

"I'm not doing time because you can't stop yourself from snapping people in half whenever your brain goes haywire. I didn't trash those kids and I didn't touch Nat that day. You and I both know it."

"You indulged on my neck and left me to die in the cemetery."

"I'm the damn one who called the police. I told them where to find you," the thick cords on either side of his neck distend.

I take in a quick breath at the revelation.

Holden appears with his shit-eating grin, folds his hands together as though he were about to play the role of peacemaker.

"I want Chloe away from Gage," I say. "Help me and I'll help you."

"You said you'd take me to see my sister," Holden snipes. "Make it happen. She might have some useful information that will make Chloe disappear like a bad rash."

"I'll take you." I don't even hesitate.

"You'll have to drop the charges first," Pierce interjects, slapping the back of his hand against Holden's chest, advertising the fact he's in control.

"I don't have to drop anything until Chloe is under my thumb." And with that I walk away.

The lights flick on and off and Ms. Richards steps up to the microphone. It lets off an annoying bleat before she twists the base. "Everyone has been informed of their roles. Be kind, be courteous, and let the games begin!" Her voice echoes off the walls, and it's in that moment I catch a glint of a more refined version of what Ezrina might have looked like. She was beautiful once, to someone, and that someone just so happens to be Nevermore. I can't wait to bring them together again.

The crowd roars back to life. Music plays low on the speakers as bodies mix around the room.

Gage catches my eye from a distance. He navigates the traffic of the crowd, and maneuvers himself forward with Logan right behind him, both hot on a mission. They look morbidly pissed. They have their anger dialed in, all of their attention honed in on this mission.

God, they're headed right towards Marshall. I pluck off my heels and try to cut them off at the pass before disaster strikes.

Marshall turns, and glints a smile in my direction. He sees me running through the crowd to get to him and whets his lips in anticipation.

Logan and Gage come up behind him. I lunge myself onto Marshall, giving a hard embrace in hopes of staving off the ambush he's about to undergo.

But I don't. A hard current rips through Marshall's body, knocks us both to the ground.

I look up in time to see Gage slipping the spirit sword back in his coat with blood rising on the side of the blade.

Marshall lies over me with his full weight, doesn't move.

Good God-I think he just killed Marshall.

Chapter Thirty-Two

A Grave Situation

"Dudley's dead." Ellis announces rather unmoved by the situation.

Logan and Gage drag him out by the limbs, the party atmosphere continues as though it were all really a game that would eventually come to a conclusion in an hour or two.

I follow them out to the patio and watch in horror as they swing him over the railing.

"Shit! You are out of freaking control!" I try to pull Logan back by the shoulder.

"Drop him," Gage instructs, and they sail Marshall out a good distance. I watch in horror as his body dissolves in a thicket of branches. A giant swoosh emits from the bowels of the forest, then a hard thud.

My hand flies up to my mouth as I stare off the balcony in disbelief.

"You really killed him." A sharp chill wraps itself around me as I try to digest the lunacy.

"He's not dead." Gage leans over the balcony and stares down a brief moment. His eyes cut through the night as he looks over to me. "I'm not going to stand by and let him defile you whenever the f**k he feels like it. And," there's a hurt look in his eyes, "it would be kind of nice if you didn't go along so willingly." He's right, but, truthfully, I'm a little embarrassed to be having this conversation right here in front of Logan. But Logan doesn't budge. He sticks around for the show and undoubtedly, the aftermath.

"His spirit's been disabled. The spirit sword only kills humans," Logan interjects. "He'll be in pain, but he'll live. The fall was less than five feet," he peers over the side as if to establish the fact.

"What do you mean his spirit has been disabled? He lost his powers? He'll be human?"

"For a few days." Gage spears me with a look of intent. "Please, Skyla, stay away from him. He's nothing but a pervert. There is no way in hell I'm going to sit around and let him manhandle you."

A soft groan emits from somewhere below and Marshall hisses out my name in pain.

"He's calling me," I turn towards the stairs.

Gage spins me around.

"Don't go. Let this bastard learn his lesson for once."

"We can kill him while he's human," Logan springs their true intent on me.

"Or I can tear him a new one while he's incapacitated," Gage counters.

"No!" They obviously don't know Marshall well enough. It's doubtful he'd stay dead to begin with. "If you would have let me kill Chloe a few weeks back when I had the chance, none of this would be happening. It's Chloe who's the real problem, not Marshall."

"Why are you defending him?" Gage barely gets the words out.

"Why are you defending her?"

"I'm not. I don't want you killing anyone, Skyla. The world frowns on that in case you forgot."

"Likewise," I say, ducking down the stairs over to Marshall.

Snow begins to fall, light as feathers, leaving icy bites over my bare shoulders. I traverse the odd fallen branches, trying to ignore the fact my heels are sinking into snow and mud at regular intervals as I make my way over to him.

Marshall stirs and groans as he gets up on his elbows.

"Who did this?" A fire of rage ignites in him.

"I don't know. Are you OK?"

"I'm stiff."

I help him up as he winces in pain. His hand swipes at his waist, and the moonlight exposes a wash of blood on his fingers.

"You must have cut yourself on the way down."

"You're a terrible liar," he clamps his wrist over mine. "I can't hear your thoughts," he winces again. "There's only one blade that could have done this to me." He glares openly, and for a second I'm afraid he might snap my neck like a twig. "Skyla, why in God's name would you stab me like this?"

My mouth opens and an entire range of odd sounds escape.

"It's because," I look up at the empty balcony. If Marshall learns it was Gage, he'll kill him, for sure. I let out a hard sigh. "You sent Gage that picture."

An impish grin appears then dissipates. "You little vixen. Feisty are we?" He purrs the words out. "You'll have to forgive me in advance. The repercussions for such actions are quite costly."

"What?" I can already hear Ezrina's proverbial footsteps. I'm not quite sure my decapitation will prove to be the right romantic rendezvous with Nevermore. "No, no no, if anyone deserves the brunt of your anger, it's my roommates." I tell him all about their not so kind speculative discussion regarding his member.

"Was Shelly involved?"

"No, Michelle was in the bathroom. I'm sure, had she heard, she would have vouched for how well endowed you are."

Marshall tries to stand as I help him steady himself on his feet.

"I am, you know." He rests his weight on my shoulder, hobbling forward at an irregular pace.

"Your leg is broken."

"I've twisted my ankle," he manages in gasps. "Good heavens, pain isn't nearly as exhilarating as I imagined."

"Nope. It's called pain for a reason."

"So all of this," he motions with his hand towards his injury, "you'd really rather be with Gage?"

"Yes, is it clear now?"

He lets out a soft series of grunts as we try and make our way back to the main lodge.

"It's becoming quite apparent."

Marshall insists we stay on ground level as long as possible, so we cut through a narrow path in the woods. The shadowed arms of the evergreens amplify the tide of darkness rising over our heads. Sometimes I feel safest in the oppressive blank of night. Long cinder arms wrapped around me with icy solitude, no Chloe, Mom or Tad, no war, just being-existing on the lowest common denominator of life. It's in that moment as I lay in bed just before sleep, that my mind usually strays in a thousand psychotic directions at once, that's the one I linger in, comfortable as a hammock. It's an even playing field for man, lying in the dark just before slumber-the possibilities of a new day looming, the mistakes from the past invisible.

A sharp growl explodes from our left, and we stop abruptly.

"What the hell was that?" I hiss.

"Fems, Skyla," Marshall takes in a breath as though he were expecting this all along.

One by one, an entire herd of overgrown lions with humanlike faces emerge from the shadows. They surround us on all fronts, taunting us with their disfigured features, their menacing hisses.

The flutter of wings explode from above. Nevermore begins to circle the vicinity, he inspires me to do the unthinkable.

"Ezrina!" I scream her name in one lusty cry of desperation.

"What has gotten into you?"

Clearly I've stunned Marshall with my outlandish call to arms.

"I know what I'm doing," I hiss. Really, I don't, but there's no use letting Marshall in on every little detail. Besides, if I had to choose between Ezrina hacking me to pieces or being eaten by seriously disturbing looking Fems, I'd choose Ezrina's sharpened blade every single time.

One of the hideous beasts lands with a thump in front of us. Instinctively I kick it in the face, and he snaps down my foot before I can retract it.

My face lands hard in the dirt while it drags me deeper into the forest. I watch in horror as the rest of the creatures move in on Marshall, creating a tight circle around him.

"Injure me, and I'll have the lot of you cast in a pack of wolves by midnight," he barks.

They don't seem too fazed by his rather vague threat. Instead they pounce him, one on top of the other until they create a gnashing, writhing dog pile six deep.

Shit! They're going to crush him! He can't freaking breathe.

Ezrina appears in all her frazzled glory, staring at me, trailing the line of my body up to the hungry Fem's mouth.

"Save Marshall!" I point over to the pile of fur-lined flesh with his arm poking through the bottom, and she bolts over. Ezrina wields a colossal butcher knife and hacks away in a frenzy at the roaring mess of Fems.

I hope it's not too late. I hope his skull isn't shredded or smashed like a pancake.

My entire body glides backwards another ten feet. Shit. The earth moves beneath me at startling speeds as I lodge deeper into the dark curtain of evergreens, bumping over branches and stones in the process.

"Nev!"

Nevermore darts down from the sky, spirals into the beast like a cannon. There's no way Nev can take on this three thousand pound mechanical bull-then, in an instant, the beast bucks and writhes. I twist my body just enough to catch a glimpse of Nev gouging out its eyes.

My leg erupts in a hard line of fire as I yank it free from the beast's mouth.

"Skyla?" Marshall's voice booms through the forest. I seriously hope he's managed to keep his beautiful skull intact.

The beast leaps in the air and snatches at Nevermore, thrashing its wild jaw with the plume of ebony feathers.

I ball up against the trunk of a tree-afraid to move, watching the violent tantrum unfold before me. The beast leaps up supernaturally high and captures Nevermore by the tail.

"Nev!" It shrills out of me like a siren.

Ezrina pounces over and starts in on a hacking spree. The beast lets out a cry that sounds like a million babies screaming. The noise sets my teeth on edge as it pulsates through me.

The forest ricochets with the vibration of chopping flesh and bones-muscle and sinew, all being severed in the name of love. I can feel her passion, her anger-a primitive desperation that denotes like a gun in the face of the justice alliance. They may have submerged Ezrina and Nevermore's love for ages, but today it popped to the surface like a cork.

Nevermore darts into the sky.

Blood-pieces of flesh and fur, liter the vicinity.

The Fem sizzles before disintegrating into one ashen heap, causing a billow of smoke to fill the forest.

Calm is restored all around us, nothing but the sound of my erratic breathing, my uneven heartbeat drumming out of tune-the scent of burned flesh.

"Are you hurt?" Marshall helps me to me feet. His face is dirty and scraped raw on one side, his lip cut and bleeding, but otherwise he's still his stunning self.

A gasp emits in triplicate from behind.

Ezrina stands gaping into the forest with a look of absolute horror on her face.

I follow her gaze to a nearby branch where Nevermore sits with an oversized eyeball hanging from his beak-perhaps not the most romantic reunion.

Then, with a loud clap, Ezrina disappears.

***

Once I settle Marshall into his room and we stop the bleeding, I head back into the party to look for Gage.

The music blares into the night, bodies twist and laugh-the crowd is so thick it's hard to filter through all the faces.

I spot Logan near the back, leaning against the bar with Ellis and two girls. I navigate my way over to find that the two girls in question are Carly and Carson from East. I think Carly still has a thing for Brody, her baby daddy, but the gleam in Carson's eye suggests she's one hundred percent available and into Logan. She leans in, placing her hand on his shoulder. My stomach turns, surprising me with its visceral reaction. I don't care about Logan, at least not like that, so I can't have a bodily malfunction each time I see him with another girl. A part of me fights to keep our love alive but I'm working on squelching that part, even if it kills me, and judging by the hot bite of jealousy dissolving my insides, it just might.

"Where's Gage?"

Logan pulls his lips into a line. I can tell he knows but doesn't want to tell me.

"He's dead," he offers.

My heart thumps unnaturally.

"Very, not funny," I say.

"He's dead." Logan repeats, cutting a half smile over to Ellis.

"He was murdered. He took off out the back." Ellis hitches his thumb towards the side exit.

I take off-because lucky, lucky me-I was murdered, too.

Chapter Thirty-Three

You're Dead to Me

There's nothing better than being dead on New Year's Eve when it means you have to be away from the crowd and sequestered alone with your boyfriend who has also met his fatal demise.

Snow floats down in steady streams, soft like powdered sugar. A wall of pine trees line the walkway with hints of an amethyst sky peeking through the branches as I move along, slipping with every third step.

"Gage!" I see a shadow in the distance at the end of the walkway that divides the resort proper from the boy's dorms.

He turns around and his teeth illuminate in the dark as he gives a quick grin.

The snow comes down in a flurry. I pluck off my heels, running barefoot in his direction. The wind runs wild through my hair, weighing it down with fresh powder. The soles of my feet burn as though I were walking across hot coals causing my toes to go numb. Gage strides towards me, picks me up, and brings my lips up to his. He indulges in a sea of kisses that override the fact he just tried to kill our math teacher.

"You are too damn hot, you know that?" His dimples ignite as he trots us over to the darkened cafeteria.

"Kitchen's closed," I breathe into his neck as he lands me on my feet.

"It's Ellis' night," he ticks his head towards the lodge. I don't dare tell him I'm the reason he can't get back to his room. It just sounds wrong in every way, even if it is just Ellis.

"Chloe will set me on fire if she finds us in my room." A yellow cleaning sign leaning against the wall catches my attention. "Come on." I lead him by the hand over to the women's restroom and place the sign right outside the door. "A little trick I learned from Pierce."

I flick on the lights, revealing a sofa and two end tables, a lamp in the corner just prior to the facility itself.

Gage slaps his hand down against a bookshelf, slides it over the door to keep all those with full bladders safely on the other side.

"A little trick I learned from my girlfriend." Gage morphs into a predator with eyes like twin blue caldrons. He gives a wayward grin before flicking off the lights.

"No, wait!" I flip them back on. "I want you to see my body. The rest of this mess." I pan over the artwork across my shoulders.

His brows arch, approvingly.

I unzip the back of my skirt, and drop it to the ground-unlace the corset and let that drop down as well. I still have my bathing suit on from yesterday, and I feel beyond disgusting.

"What the hell is this?" His head pushes back with surprise as he examines me from head to toe.

Not exactly the words you want to hear your boyfriend say the first time you present yourself to him, but under the circumstances... Plus technically he's already seen me naked after he undressed me out of my cheer uniform, months ago. There may or may not be pictures, but I digress.

I pull him over to the couch and lay down. Gage kneels beside me and begins mapping out the intricacies of Emily's artwork with his eyes.

"You mind?" He whips out his cell.

"No, please." I don't tell him that Marshall took more than one picture-that I was wearing less than a corset in most of them.

Gage eyes me like a cannibal-runs the pads of his fingers over my flesh as he leans in to read the markings, tries to make sense out of them.

"I think you're the vine." I lean over and trace it on one side all the way up to my ear. "This is Chloe," I track the thorns around my neck.

"Makes sense," he shakes his head, examining the briar patch that's entangled our love.

"This is Logan," I press my thumb against several of the circular lions decorating my torso.

"He's everywhere." He exhales soft over my stomach and sends a chill of exhilaration running up my back. He taps along the yellow dots as though they were Morse code. "I don't trust him, Skyla."

"Welcome to the club. What took you so long?"

"He has a supervising spirit."

"What?" I pull up on my elbows. "Who? What? When?"

Gage barely breaks his gaze from his examination as he agonizes over the minute details Emily penned in fine ink over my abdomen.

"I don't know the answers. He mentioned he was traveling into the future and I put two and two together."

"Shit. What do you think he's doing there?"

"My gut says it involves you."

"What about the faction war?"

"He doesn't care about the war, Skyla." His muscles twitch at his jaw. "Whatever it is he's doing, it directly relates to you."

"Can he make an impression on me? Wait that doesn't make sense."

"No, but he can exist in multiples, and that alone is questionable."

"Yes." I try to take it in. "One of him is one too many. Maybe you speared the wrong person."

"I didn't spear, Dudley," his cheek pulls to the side, and a dark dot appears.

"Logan?" I get why Gage would want to take Marshall down, but- "So why doesn't it bother him that I'm with you?" Gage is lucky Logan didn't spear him as well.

"Who said it didn't bother him? Who said he doesn't plan on killing me?"

"What?" I sit up, disturbed by the thought. "If that's at all true, I'll kill Logan myself." An image of me standing with blood on my hands whips through my mind, and I take in a sharp breath. Was that a vision? It felt like so much more than a thought. "I think I'm learning," I say it weak, uneager to share what I just saw.

Gage takes off his jacket-pulls at his shirt from the bottom, and it perforates as he rips it apart.

"What are you learning, Skyla?" A slow grin spreads across his face. He climbs up on the couch, and places a knee on either side of my waist before gingerly sitting on my stomach.

"I think you're rubbing off on me."

"I am?" His grin slides up one side as he takes my hand. He places my finger in his mouth and gives a gentle bite before slowly letting it out. His warm tongue runs over the tip before brushing it down his bare chest. "That sounds blatantly sexual-rubbing off on you-Skyla." My name escapes from his lips like a siren song.

"It does sound wrong now that I think about it." I sink down into the couch, suddenly wanting to escape. Gage is serious. His lust for me has disoriented him and now, the only compass back to his sanity is most likely in my...

Gage lays over me, brushes me with his lips, and hitches his thumbs into my bathing suit bottoms.

I thought so.

"I'm pretty sure it's not happening," I blurt. My heart is walloping against my chest so hard it feels like a fist knocking up against his chest. "I haven't showered. I'm disgusting."

"I don't care," his eyes close partially as he collapses another throbbing kiss over me. Something deeper than sexual hunger lingers there, a genuine ache to have me, and somehow I know this shared pain makes us stronger.

"I care," I whisper. Plus, the ladies room is not the place to build that special memory with Gage, or with anyone for that matter-unless you're Drake and Brielle. They seem to be just fine with restrooms.

"OK," his disappointment expels in a heavy sigh. "We'll practice."

"I would love to practice." I pull him down by the neck and let my tongue roam in his mouth, reintroduce myself to his teeth as I thump along each one.

Gage spreads his heated hands over my body in long easy glides. I unhook my bathing suit top and pull it off to the side. Gage cups his hands over me without hesitation, closes his eyes in ecstasy before looking down at me. We sync our kisses. We light up the night in a sea of flames.

I need to eliminate Chloe from our lives for good. Love like this is too rich to hide in a bathroom like a coward. Tomorrow, I'll fill my time pumping the Kraggers for just the right rope I'll need to hang Chloe from. I'll wind the noose of her own misdeeds and watch her choke. She can shed her hope of ever having Gage through a river of tears for all I care.

Gage and I need to harness the power of our love to accomplish all of the good things the future prompts us towards, but not tonight-tonight we spin it into gold.

Chapter Thirty-Four

The Deep End of the Night

About an hour after all the horns and screaming subside, Gage and I head back to the guy's wing of the Pine Pole Lodge and I walk him to his room.

"Knock, knock," I say walking in through the open door.

Ellis has a towel wrapped around his waist as he rummages through his suitcase.

"Happy effing New Year," he plucks a pair of socks out victoriously as though it were a rare event to find them.

"I guess this is goodnight," I stand on my tiptoes and press a kiss into Gage.

"I'll be ready in a sec." Ellis flips a pair of jeans over his shoulder.

I hold a finger to my lips while leaning over Gage. I don't want Ellis advertising the fact we're going on a light drive.

"I have to go check in with Ms. Richards." I tick my head towards the door. Ellis nods as though he were actually absorbing what I am trying to tell him.

"Are you sure you don't want me to walk you back to your room?" Gage rubs his thumbs against my cheeks in warm soothing strokes.

"I'll do it." Ellis offers, one-upping me on strategy.

"Alright. Tomorrow-you and me, the bunny slope." Gage gives a husky laugh as he tickles my ribs. "Get some clothes on. And don't give that top back. I wanna see you in it again and again." He warms my earlobe with his mouth. "I sort of like you better without it."

Something sensual erupts in my being, I never want to let him go.

"I love you," he whispers.

"I love you." I bounce a kiss off him and pull away to find Logan's unrepentant look of disapproval.

I glare back at him.

Maybe he shouldn't have been so eager to sacrifice me to the Counts, and sell his soul to the devils. And picking up a supervising spirit on the side so he can intercept some future event that destiny has already wrapped her arms around wasn't such a great idea either. Maybe if he didn't do those things, maybe then, I could have loved him-but not now, not ever. A great sadness blooms in me. He's taken everything we had and tarnished it for all the supposed right reasons. I pray I don't do that with Gage. I don't want to kill our relationship with all my good intentions.

***

Ellis wraps his arm around my shoulder as we exit into the brilliant white night illuminated fantastically by the mirrored reflection of the moon.

We duck behind the shadow of the building and I take his hands in mine, shiver until I feel that familiar wobble when we reappear home on Paragon-one year removed.

The fog wafts in and out in waves as though someone were literally unfurling cotton batting from a bolt. It feels darn right tropical compared to the frigid climate back at the Pine Pole-code for North Pole.

"Remind me to look for elves when we get back," I say, absentmindedly.

"OK," he pats my back and starts to take off.

"Hey," I pull him back by the elbow. "How many times have you come here with Chloe?" The only time I'm not here in duplicate is when we come in through Ellis' treble. And thank God for that, or there'd be at least fifty of me running around by now.

"I don't know six, seven? She's come on her own, too."

"Six, or seven? You're worse than an addict." And, Chloe flying solo doesn't surprise me one bit.

"I'm not always here for the wrong reasons. I'm making my way down the roster of available love honeys."

"Love honeys?" Only Ellis could make sexism sound so, well, sexist.

"Yeah, there's another one running around I haven't tapped yet."

"One hour," I say it curt as he takes off into the wild looking for his feast. "What does Chloe usually do?" I try not to shout.

"She mentioned something about home once." His voice fades as he filters into the crowd.

Home? As in her room, my room-home?

It's too damn far to walk. I can't kill her again. I'm in no mood to trash Carly Foster's car, been there done that.

Gage and Logan walk past me as they head into the house.

"Gage!" I quickly duck behind Ellis' monster truck.

I see Logan disintegrate into the dark hole of the entry, but Gage stays. He wanders back onto the driveway with his hands stuffed into his pocket looking in every direction, slow yet hopeful. Technically, if I befriend him and ask him for a ride I wouldn't alter a single thing.

So, I do.

***

"So, where do I know you from?" Gage swears he's seen me before. He steals sideways glances as we drive through a garrison of evergreens on either side of the road that envelop our world in their ebony tunnel.

I know as fact that by this point in time, he's already had our wedding vision. But what I don't know, is if he's playing coy or if he's truly baffled by why I look familiar, so I play along.

"I have that face. Everyone thinks I go to school with them," I say.

Gage didn't bat an eye when I asked him to take me to Chloe Bishop's house. A part of me wants to tell him that I'm from the future, tell him all about our love and what kind of magic we just shared in the women's restroom-but I bite my tongue.

"I hope you don't mind me asking, but what's that stuff all over your body? Are those real tattoos?"

"Um, no. It's just a stupid a prank one of my friends thought was funny. I fell asleep and she pretended I was a coloring book."

He nods into the road. "Looks good, though." He tracks me from my waist up to my bare shoulders lethargically slow before reverting back to the headlights pouring over the asphalt. "So you go to East?"

"I'm just visiting." From a whole other dimension. I pat my hands over my knees. "I know Chloe." I was going to say we were friends but I don't want to start my relationship with Gage based on a lie.

We pull up to the future Landon house. The landscape, the warm glow of lights from inside, it could be filled with my family just as easily. I marvel at how it hasn't changed, or won't, whichever.

"Just missed her," he points down the road. "That's her car. Left taillight's broken," he adds to affirm his theory.

"Oh," I take a breath, looking over at the house. I snap my neck over at him as though I were possessed. "What time is it?"

He taps the computerized dash glowing an eerie green. It reads eleven-thirty four.

I'll have to come back with Ellis-get Gage to drive me a little earlier and see what she's really up to.

"I think she might have left something for me up in the butterfly room. Um, she mentioned it," I hesitate when I say it.

"Butterfly room?" His brows form into the perfect letter V. "You know about the little room with the paper butterflies?"

"Yeah, you wanna come with me?"

"I don't know if she'd like me in there when she isn't home." His dimples go on and off as though they were happy to see me, as if they remember my lips, my tongue.

"Oh, it's OK. She won't be back for like a year." And when she does come back, it won't be her room anymore.

I leave my heels in his truck and we dash up the driveway silent as thieves. Our hands bump, and I don't hesitate entwining our fingers. I can feel something far more significant than a spark-a genuine rush of heat as though it were really the first time I touched Gage in any way. I take in his smooth features under the harsh reflection of the porch light as we stow away under the eaves. Gage looks younger, far more innocent compared to the rougher more cunning version who plans to trash Dudley while in his temporal human state.

His head tips to the side, something in him hesitates as though his dream were coming back to him in perfect clarity.

I pull him up with me, level after level until we land in the dusty attic. We crawl along the joists until we reach the tiny door, and slip inside. I flip on the light while he secures over the closure.

It's surreal.

Being here with Gage in the butterfly room when I have yet to set foot on Paragon blows my mind in every good way. There's an intensity here, and judging by the wide-eyed look on his face, he feels it, too. I pull his lips down to mine and offer up the most chaste of kisses while everything in me cries for more.

His dimples slide in and out as he tips his head one more time with a measure of confidence regarding my true identity.

"What's your name?" His warm breath washes over me, and I don't ever want to leave. I want to stand here with the boy I love, just breathing Gage.

"None of your business," it takes all of my strength to whisper those words-to keep myself from panting out the details of our lives with the fervor of a machine gun.

Gage takes up my face in his hands as though I were made of glass, presses into me with a scorching kiss that makes me wonder if my body could expire, dissolve completely from the experience.

I pull us down to our knees and we practice for hours for our first meeting-our first kiss, our first everything. Chloe will never return to this room. We can spend an eternity here if we wanted, swimming in our love, well into the deep end of the night.

Chapter Thirty-Five

Lead Me

"I remember that." Gage squints into me with one dimple glaring in my direction.

The morning light is heavily defused by a thin veil of somber clouds. They blanket the sky with their cruel intentions.

I fill Gage in on the most erotic light drive ever as we snake around the long line of the ski lift.

I don't dare tell Gage I'm scared spit-less to do this. I watch as the pair in front of us fall back into the chair as it gently swoops them away.

We scissor forward and wait our turn. I'm pretty sure I'd rather fight off an entire herd of human-faced lions than endure a single day on this mountain while pretending to be sporty for Gage. The ski lift comes up behind us and we're forced to sit as it glides us into the air.

"Where's the seat belt?" I ask in a frenzy. As if having these fifty pound space boots weren't bad enough, they strapped six-foot javelins to the bottom of my feet. I'm ridiculously bottom heavy, and I think I'm starting to slip.

"There is no seatbelt," he pulls a bar over our heads, and lets it rest in front of us.

"This is so barbaric. They should have us strapped in like on one of those crazy rides at an amusement park with the five way belts, and a freaking bar pressed into our stomachs to the point we can't breathe."

I take in a series of short little panic breaths as we climb higher and higher at an agonizingly slow clip. "Who's running this thing? Chloe?" I know for a fact she's not. She's practicing her Olympic worthy maneuvers over on the black diamond runs because just a minute ago, she was begging Gage to join her. She said she'd take me on a few runs herself, if I wanted. "If Chloe takes me on this thing, you know she's going to push me off." God-it's so far down, I'm half afraid I'll toss myself overboard just from sheer temptation.

"You're fine. Don't think about Chloe." He scoots in, and the entire apparatus sways and bucks.

"Shit!" I clutch onto the useless bar situated a good foot in front of me. And to my disbelieving horror, we climb even higher into the stratosphere. "You do realize I'm deathly afraid of heights."

"I thought you were deathly afraid of clowns?" He gives a devilish grin.

"I'd welcome a clown right about now. An entire army of exploding Fem clowns would be more acceptable than this torment you're putting me through."

"I'm putting you through?" He brims ear to ear as though it were the funniest thing in the world. "Tell me again how hot we were in the past." He lands a sweltering kiss on the side of my face.

"Funny thing is, I was simultaneously killing Chloe and getting it on with you."

"You get props for that," he whispers into my ear as though there were the off chance somebody might actually hear.

I turn just enough to see Brielle and Drake behind us in a serious lip lock. I so get it. She's probably comforting him since this is his first time, too. OK, Brielle and Drake are right. I need to think about getting it on with Gage just to get my mind off the harsh reality of what feels like a three thousand foot drop looming below.

"In addition to that," my voice shakes, "and more importantly," God, my head would explode like a watermelon if I fell right now and with my rotten luck, Dr. Oliver would figure out a way to glue me back together-it so wouldn't be pretty. "Um, anyway, we were sizzling in two time dimensions. Best New Year's Eve slash homecoming ever."

"I have the room in two days." His arm tightens around my waist.

My mouth falls open.

"Two days," I breathe it out like a poem.

"You think you're ready?" His face smoothes out at the prospect, and I swear I see the slightest hint of blush on the apples of his cheeks as though he weren't sure himself.

"I'm ready now."

"Then, for sure, we'd fall off."

"Can you think of a better way to die?" I ask, scratching the back of his neck with my fingers.

"Nope," Gage looks straight ahead as though he were imagining it.

"Me neither." I pull him over by the chin-make him kiss me all the way to the top.

***

OK, getting on was one thing, but getting off is going to be impossible.

"Now!" Gage shouts with excitement as he tries to yank me off the chair by the arm. I try standing, only to hang onto the lift with the other arm and end up somewhere underneath the seat, one ski on and one ski off.

I knew this was a bad idea. I knew, long before the day was over, I was going to injure myself severely. I should have taken Marshall up on his offer during breakfast, cuddled with him, warm and safe in his bed.

The lift operator stops the machine. He comes out with a clear look of frustration as he and Gage yank me to my feet. I hobble and slide my way over to a bench nearby. Gage flops my errant ski on the snow and instructs me to step into it.

"Do people really enjoy this?" I find this, whole, put on uncomfortable clothes, and fifty pounds of leg weights thing hard to swallow.

"People love this. And, you will, too. You just need to get the hang of it."

"When did you learn how to ski?" I give a hard step into the binding.

"I don't know, I think I was four or five."

"Are you kidding? This isn't safe for children." I'm shocked by Emma and Barron's gross negligence.

"It's totally safe for children, children do this every day."

Brielle and Drake glide by. He actually looks like he knows what he's doing, and this perturbs me.

"Come on, I'll guide you. Remember to make the pizza slice with your skis and sit in the invisible chair when you start to feel out of control."

"Right." Invisible chairs and pizza slices-it fits right in with the random order of all things skiing.

I scissor forward. Gage lets me hold onto one of his poles as we head towards what looks like a very steep drop off. "Um, where's the bunny slope?"

"You're on it."

It's a freaking cliff!

"I'm going to nose dive. I'm going to fall into a ditch and break my neck," I pant.

"I promise, no ditches. Come on. You'll love it, I swear."

Brielle and Drake are already near the bottom, and he's still intact as far as I can tell.

I start in slow, following close behind Gage barely managing to stay on my feet. I'm baby giraffing it-flailing, as I mimic his every twist and turn. We create a series of less than perfect letter S patterns, and I start to relax, feel the wind on my face as I cascade effortless towards Gage.

A dark feathered bird flies regal overhead in a slow spinning circle. It's Nev!

I hold up a pole to get his attention, and my left ski slips in line besides my right.

"You're paralleling," Gage shouts, "that's more of an advanced move. Make a pizza slice."

Without warning, I'm racing across the mountain in a horizontal line past the bunny slope, underneath the ski lift, across a far more advance run with bodies darting all around, and I do the unthinkable-I close my eyes as I barrel in at an alarming clip right into the forest.

I can hear Gage shouting from behind. The dense cover of trees douses his voice like a flame, assuring me I'm the only person on this dark, lonely planet.

Marshall said he smelled death at camp. Gage never did say he had a vision of Logan and I living to a ripe old age, he just said it as a fact. What if he was trying to pull some sort of positive thinking, mind control thing on me because secretly he knew I was going to croak sooner than later?

What if death at camp waits for me?

I slowly open my eyes. Ice-cold wind stabs through them sharp as glass. Trees whiz by in a blur. I'm moving faster than most cars I've been in. I can see the tips of pines straight ahead and for a moment I wonder why I'm practically above them.

My skis give way beneath me-I tumble down a jagged ravine until the entire world fades to black.

Chapter Thirty-Six

Mother

A harsh light comes from above. It blurs my vision, forcing me to give several hard blinks.

"Skyla," a soft voice echoes from above. "Skyla, wake up."

"Mom?" I mean Lizbeth, but a part of me wants it to be Candace.

A shock of dark hair, bright blue eyes burn through me. I recognize those deep-set dimples. It's Gage's long dead sister.

"Giselle," I offer a startled smile.

She gives me a hand, I feel light as feather as I rise to my feet. I shake the snow off the back of the oversized circus pants Mom picked out for me to wear.

"I look ridiculous. All of the other girls look cute in tight fitting outfits and I could fit ten of me in here." I attempt to tug at the monster-sized jacket, and I can't seem to grasp the fabric. "I think something's wrong with my head. I feel numb all over."

Giselle flicks a finger down at the powder rich ground. Halfway buried lies a girl with her hair spilled out in long spiral tendrils.

"Oh, my God!" My hands fly up to my face. I bend over and try to rouse her but I can't feel her. It's only then I notice she's wearing the same tragically ugly snowsuit, and I let out an unexpected scream.

"It's OK, Skyla." Giselle seems unmoved by the fact I'm lying on the ground while standing over myself simultaneously-a completely impossible feat for the living in general.

"Am I dead?" Three words I never thought I'd say, not yet anyway.

"You're unconscious. You hit your head pretty hard."

"Well, don't just stand there. Wake me up. Fix me-heal me. I'm going to freeze out here. They'll have to hack off all my limbs just to save me." The errant thought of harvesting Chloe for more parts runs through my mind.

"They won't find you until much later," she says it with a sorrowful expression. "But they will eventually, isn't that great news?"

Later? Like, how much later? Weeks? Months?

"No, Giselle, it's not good news. Not if I have to live the rest of my life as a torso. It's definitely not alright." I dart around looking for something that might lead someone to me, a pathway, an unexpected slope, but I'm completely isolated. In the far distance, I can hear Gage as his voice drifts off in the wrong direction. "How could this have happened? Nevermore!" I let it rip in one bionic roar, but my voice sounds muted, like shouting in a fishbowl.

"Come, Skyla," she offers her hand. "Nevermore can't hear you."

"Help me call him. He'll get Gage."

"You're not awake to instruct him. He responds to commands. I'm afraid it's pure luck that they find you at all. You need to come with me."

"Where are you taking me?"

"Your mother would like to see you now."

***

The earth moves. It shifts under our feet. The backdrop turns once to the right, and we're no longer standing at the bottom of a mountain ravine, we're standing somewhere vaguely familiar with a fat lavender moon and cobbled streets.

"Sectorville," I say just under my breath.

"Soulennium," Giselle corrects, pointing over my shoulder, "Transport," she orients me to a large red cave that stands out like a thing of beauty in this strange ever-dark world.

There's a coffee shop ahead with tables set out and far more patrons than I remember from the time I was here with Marshall. I would give anything if he were here. I can't help feeling alone and terrified as though I'm about to fall down a steep flight of stairs with every step I take.

"I'm here with you," Giselle assures, leading me towards the crowd seated outside the tiny shop.

"You can hear me?"

"We're touching. If you want to maintain privacy simply pull away."

"No, that's fine."

"Skyla!"

My name booms from up ahead. A girl about my age runs with open arms. Her dark hair spirals in long soft curls with gold highlights that shimmer with an intense brilliance but it's her white dress that stops me from inching forward. Same one Marshall had me wear when he taught me a lesson by way of his hostile arrows.

She pauses and takes me in. Her skin is luminescent, strangely pale with a rosy hue on the apples of her cheeks. She is breathtaking, alarmingly beautiful. She lunges at me, locks her arms around my chest so tight. I'm surprised at how comfortable it is-it's something altogether mysterious, that I have unknowingly been yearning for deep inside. I don't need an introduction. Instinctively, I know this is my mother.

"I have counted the moments until this day," she whispers warm in my ear.

I pull back and sweep my eyes over her. Her entire person is dusted an iridescent sparkle. She looks radiant-noble, wise beyond understanding.

"You don't look that much older than me." I guess at this point anything is possible, eternal youth being no exception.

"I'm thousands of years older than you." Tiny commas depress at the corner of her lips.

"Did you know we'd be meeting? I mean here and now?"

She nods. It's then I notice her eyes-an entire kaleidoscope of iridescent colors.

Several men tall as trees walk by, and I grow increasingly uncomfortable.

"I don't mean to be rude or anything," I sigh into her. "But do you want something from me?"

"I do," her smile fades as she moves us along down the side of the road. "First, I want you to know how much I truly love you. You're my only child, and I'll never have another."

"I'm being raised by Counts." I throw it out there in the event she wasn't entirely aware of what on earth was happening.

We walk past rows and rows of trees all bearing bulbous ornaments of exotic fruit in every hue and every shape. The flesh toned ones, the size of overgrown pears, look obscene. Their masculinity exudes a certain sexuality and it makes me uncomfortable just looking at them. The boughs hang heavy and low, overburdened with their generous offerings.

Thick carpeted lawns stretch out before us then stop abruptly at a river, gushing with a thunderous roar. Flat elongated boulders decorate an alcove with their sparkling blue reflection. They look nowhere near like any rocks I've ever seen, more like polished gems that gleam in deep jewel tones of onyx and beryl.

She motions for me to take a seat on one as she stretches out beside me. I watch as Giselle goes off and talks to a group of guys sitting in the distance, dipping their legs while fishing poles sit spiked in the rocks behind them.

"Skyla, I know everything about you." She takes up my hand again. "You're my flesh and my blood-my exact representation in human form. I know the precise location of where you live and with whom. I am aware Lizbeth is your mother. I approved her." Her gaze drops to her waist when she says it.

"What about my father's death? Did you approve that, too?" It's not like I'm trying to magnificently piss her off-I'd just really like to know.

"He was murdered. Justice is always served, Skyla. Not when man dictates, but it comes in time."

I take in a quick breath. "Is Dad here?" A surge of adrenaline spikes in me, and suddenly I want to ransack the place until I see his smiling face.

"No, Skyla. He's in paradise."

"Can I go to him?"

"You're mortal. No pass for you," she winks.

"Then can you please explain why you would approve of Lizbeth Landon as my mother? I mean, I love her and all, but she's a Count," I feel the need to reiterate the fact, loud and often.

"Because I know your destiny. I weigh in on all of the possibilities that are able to transpire within your life."

"Because you're on the decision board? You carve destinies?"

"Something along those lines," she takes in a deep breath. "In fact, that's why I came to earth and had you. The world needs you, more than it could ever imagine."

Chapter Thirty-Seven

The World is Waiting

"Skyla!"

"Giselle?" My voice sounds flat, distal. The day is traced out in grays and hazy shades of blue. It feels as though hours must have passed. I blink several times in an attempt to get my bearings.

"It's me, Logan," his hot breath pours over my face anxious and worried.

He drops a kiss onto my nose followed by the warm dew of liquid as he pinches his eyes with his fingers.

"Are you crying?" I croak the words out, struggling to sit up.

"I'm happy that I found you-alive."

I lean up on my elbows and examine him. He seems genuinely glad to see me. Had I not driven myself here with my lack of athletic abilities, I would have thought Logan had something to do with the fact I landed on this side of the mountain.

"I would never throw you off a cliff," he gives a half smile at the absurdity. "Can you move your legs?"

I wiggle my toes and squirm in my snowsuit.

"Yes," I say, taking his hand as he helps me to my feet. I'm still locked in the hundred pound snow boots, and my hands are miraculously still warm in my gloves. "I'm more than OK." The world gives a tiny warble, and my head throbs as if to disprove my theory.

Logan picks me up and cradles me in his arms as we traverse fallen branches and slicked ruts of ice that lay over sharpened rocks. It's not until I come in contact with the warmth of his neck that I realize my face is numb, cold as a glacier. I press my flesh against his-rub my lips, my eyelids over his scorching skin. This is heaven.

He pauses to text Gage that I'm all right.

"I saw my mother," the words chatter out of me.

"You did?" He examines me. "What happened?"

"She said the world needed me." A vaporous plume emits when I say it. It blossoms over his head like a halo. I can't help but note the irony as it evaporates as quick as it came.

"Why does the world need you?"

There's an intensity in his face I haven't seen before. It's as though he's been after this very answer himself.

If I did know the answer, I'm not sure I'd tell Logan. And I don't really care if he's able to hear me.

"I don't know," I say. "You woke me up in the middle of a very good dream." Only it wasn't a dream, and neither is the fact I can sense his craving for me pouring from his existence. I press my ear against his neck and feel the sizzle.

I love you, Skyla. He says, picking up speed again. I'd die every day to prove it.

***

Logan returns me to the Lodge, he and Gage help me get settled in my room after the medics manhandle me.

"I'm so sleepy." My eyes roll back in my head.

He swims up next to me, wrapping a warm arm around me.

I had to call Mom and swear up and down I felt fine.

I had to outright lie to Ms. Richards that I was fumbling around on my own and not passed out when Logan found me. And, lastly, I had to deny the fact I was in the middle of one almighty headache that feels like its more than capable of landing me in the Transport for real this time.

"The nurse said to watch you," Logan pipes up from the foot of the bed, "make sure you don't sleep until after midnight."

"That's because she's a sadist, like you," I moan.

Gage pulls me in, touches his forehead against mine, and I wince in horrific pain. "God, Skyla-if it's killing you that bad, I'll take you to the hospital."

"Look," Logan leans in, "everyone's at dinner and there's a movie in the game room after."

"What are you saying?" I ask, annoyed. "You want me to suck it up, eat dinner, and catch a flick?" Honestly, I don't think I'd mind sitting in a darkened room pretending to watch a movie while I secretly fall into a blissful coma.

"I'm saying the best way to stay awake would be to come with me to see your Dad," Logan takes a seat beside me. "I'm heading out in a little bit, and I don't think they'll miss us too much if we're gone."

"No," Gage gives Logan a hard look, "she needs rest."

"I have to go anyway." Logan shrugs as though there were nothing that could stop him.

I don't like the idea of Logan running off to see my dad for God knows what.

"Then I'm going," I say, defiantly.

"Then," Gage gives a reluctant nod, "it looks like I'm going, too."

***

The moon's round face stares down on a warm L.A. evening with an impression of a faded image on its surface that it brandishes like a worn out tattoo.

I miss L.A. nights. The balmy breeze picks up. The light is still on in my bedroom window and just as I'm about to point it out to Gage, it extinguishes itself.

My father steps out in his tracksuit. His shoes shimmer with built in reflectors that flick in the night like lightning.

"Right on time," he smiles, trekking over lawn. "And you brought friends, one of them being my daughter," his teeth illuminate as he grins. "Skyla," he embraces me with a depressed sigh.

"So Logan has really been coming to see you?" I'm puzzled as to why.

"Yes. Hasn't he told you? I've been mentoring him."

There's that word again. Marshall said he was mentored by my father as well, most likely in the ethereal plane before Marshall took up residency in Paragon.

"So what does mentoring consist of?" I take him by the hand.

"Strategies. Remember all those hours I logged reading books, watching movies about wars?"

It saddens me to hear him talk about himself in past tense, especially since he's right here in the flesh still spinning on the planet. Well, in one time dimension at least.

"You were a war buff." I cringe when I say it.

He used to take us to every museum he could find that housed any type of combat paraphernalia. My mother used to say he had a sick-obsession with wars-that all men did.

"I'm a strategist. I work closely with faction leaders, plotting out a game plan that will help us stay one step ahead of the Counts."

"Did Logan tell you he's converted-that he's one of them? You're helping the enemy, Dad."

His eyes glint in the night as he cuts a look over to Logan, standing there trying to look innocent with his hands stuffed in his pockets.

"He's proven his loyalty." Dad dips his gaze and transfers it to Gage as though changing the subject. "And who's this?" He offers a polite smile.

"This is my boyfriend," I say, pulling Gage in from the side. "He's a Levatio."

"Nice to meet you." My father shakes his hand. I wish Gage could see my father bathed in the gold L.A. sunshine, not lost in the dark with nothing more than his voice and the whites of his eyes shining out at us like a disembodied spirit.

"Real nice to meet you." Gage shakes his hand. "Skyla says nothing but great things about you. Do you trust Logan?" Gage could care less that Logan is standing less than three feet away-that they're like brothers, and if anyone should trust him it would be the one asking the question in the first place.

"Yes, I trust him emphatically." My father doesn't hesitate.

"He tried to sacrifice me to the Counts," I say. "I would never have gotten away if I didn't panic and default to time travel mode." I want to shout the words, wake the neighbors with all of this lunacy.

"His intent was a blood bond," Dad says it low, gravels it out as though he knows all about it. "You would have been useless to the Counts afterwards."

"How do you know this?" A part of me wants to shake my father.

"I'm privy to more than a few of their rituals. In case you haven't noticed, I'm over thirty," he points to his graying temples.

"And so is Logan." I look over at him accusingly. He knows far too much, always has. And even in this dim light, I can see the thin lines around the ridges of his eyes. "He can't hide his real age when he light drives."

Gage steps in towards him, examines him in the luminescent moonlight, and frowns. "What are you meeting up for?" He looks to Logan, then my father.

"Come in. I'll show you." Dad leads us towards the house.

We follow him into the sunroom off the back of the house, a glorified covered patio with a sliding partition that mostly acted as a dog house to the strays Mia brought home. A white wicker table and four chairs surround it. We each take a seat. It's freaky to think I'm upstairs sleeping, that both Logan and Gage are here in my house-one for each of me. I bat the thought away.

"Logan and I," Dad starts, "have been trying to glean a battle plan for the three of you once you get thrown into the ethereal plane. Your bodies will be transported, so should you die there, you don't get a ticket back."

"Marshall said I'd have to advance to Ahava to win the war."

"Ahava?" Dad looks puzzled. "You need for him to show you the lay of the land. The Counts have an infantry set to fight."

"How many in an infantry?" I ask.

"About fifteen thousand."

"What?" I hiss. "There's only three of us, well," I look over at Logan, accusingly, "two. And it's going to take a miracle to get the other factions to side with Celestra, they don't have the balls."

"That's where the problem lies." Dad rests his elbows onto the table. "Noster has volunteered to send units. It's not entirely clear, but Noster may have a vested interest in Celestra's dwindling numbers. As much as they want the Counts out of power, they realize their lineage puts them next in line to rule. Of course, there are a number of Celestra involved in the war. It'll be a tragedy to lose another soul regardless." My father folds his arms together. "Try and get the lay of the land, Skyla. That Sector friend might be your only hope."

"I think Mom can help," I say. "Not the Count you have me living with, the other one. I met her."

"When?" His face smoothes out.

"This afternoon. She's amazing. She said she had to come to earth to have me. She said the world needed me, but then Logan came and woke me." Logan and bad timing seem to go hand in hand.

"What have you learned from the Counts?" My father directs the question to the traitor in question.

"They have a resurrection process," Logan leans in on his elbows. "They've been reanimating the dead for years."

"The blue tubes." I look over to Gage. "Ethan Landon was resurrected."

I tell Dad all about the Transfer, the bodies floating in blue toilet water that preserves their tissue. I leave out the part of me doing time in Ezrina's lair.

"They haven't perfected it yet," Logan continues. "Some of them are nothing more than pieced together monsters."

"Like Chloe," I say.

"No," Logan continues, "I'm talking their brains, they've been fried and rewired."

"When we were offing them during the New Moon festivals, you said I shouldn't feel too bad about killing them, that they were less than human."

"That's exactly what I meant."

Something loosens in me physically. I'm terrified to admit it, but I'm actually starting to trust Logan a little.

"Why do you have a supervising spirit?" Gage asks him point blank. It's as though he picked up on the fact I was feeling something for Logan again and he wants to squash those feelings before they proliferate, eat up my entire existence.

"You can't travel into the future without one," Logan doesn't miss a beat with his vague reply.

"Why don't you go into the eth-"

Logan cuts Gage off before he can finish. "Can't go to the ethereal plane, just here, Earth."

"What are you doing?" I ask.

He and my father exchange sober expressions. My father knows exactly what's going on, or at least Logan leads him to believe he does.

"I don't have to tell either of you what I'm doing here or there," Logan pauses to glance in my father's direction one more time, "or what I've already done."

Chapter Thirty-Eight

What is Love

In the morning, Marshall and I convalesce together at the base of the ski run where they have picnic tables set out for those of us enjoying the sport from a spectator's perspective. The air is thick with the scent of barbeque as an outdoor grill flame broils an endless stream of burgers-smells like heaven.

"So, do you ski?" I try not to bring up the fact he looks ragged and peaked. Human, most definitely, does not become him.

"I don't ski. I could if I wanted but not today." He holds his hands as if to testify to the fact his flesh is worthless without his powers. "Who did this to me, Skyla? I don't believe for one minute that you stuck me with the blade-pushed me over the balcony."

I gaze out at the thin grey sky. The mountain brims with life as people move up and down the slopes. From this vantage point they look like toys. I'm surprised to see how many of the students from West that are able to expertly swish across the icy terrain.

"Natalie and Chloe seem to be disrespecting you openly. Maybe they've taken their aggression to a whole new level?" I'm not in the mood to get into what actually occurred. It's his own fault. If he hadn't sent that picture to Gage none of this would have happened.

"Those two? Doubtful. Although, I haven't forgotten what you told me. I don't look too kindly on mockers," he pushes a loose hair behind my ear just the way my mother does. "Which Oliver was it? Or should I punish them both?"

"Natalie stole from you." It rattles out of me in one last-ditch effort to protect Logan. Why am I protecting Logan to begin with? It's not like he had my best interest in mind when he dragged me to the sacrificial stone. OK, so maybe he did, but it hardly seems possible. Every time I give in and trust Logan, he goes and gives me ten thousand new reasons to prove me wrong. Truthfully, I'm terrified of what those new reasons might be.

"Natalie stole from me," he repeats softly while staring off into the slopes. "What do you think the punishment should be?" Marshall relaxes into the table, studies me as though I might suggest Ezrina hack off her arm.

"I think you should kill Chloe." I think killing Chloe is the answer to world peace, world hunger, the common cold, just about everything.

"Don't rely on others for what you could do yourself." He gives a cool smile in the direction of the lift.

I track his gaze and find Chloe boarding the lift with Brielle. Funny, for someone who professes to not liking Chloe she sure spends an awful lot of time with her. The protective hedge gleams in my direction.

"I can't kill her and you know it."

"Not yet."

"What's that suppose to mean?"

"It means all bets are off in the ethereal plane."

"So, all I have to do, to off Chloe, is lure her into the ethereal plane?" God, could I really kill Chloe? In theory I could, well, in reality I did, but everything was different then. She hasn't once threatened my life since she's been back. And why would she? How could she properly torment me while I was six feet under?

"Having second thoughts on Ms. Bishop's final demise?"

"I have a heart."

"What is it you want from her?"

"For her to leave Gage and me the hell alone. I just want my boyfriend back."

"Well, then, it looks like Ms. Bishop and I share an agenda."

A cauldron of anger boils within me. Marshall doesn't have my happiness or even what's best for me in mind, he never has. He's right-he's exactly like Chloe, both with their own agendas converging when it comes to the issue of Gage and me.

"She has my blood," I throw it out there to see if he'll bite.

"She'll never be you. Not by a landslide. Did it ever occur to you that it is your very soul, your own unique spark of existence, I find intriguing?"

"I've considered it, but my ovaries tell me otherwise."

"I simply want the best mother for my children," he pauses, "I'm destined to become a parent. Why not employ the best humanity has to offer as my counterpart?"

"Employ," I choke out the word. "That's what's the matter with you. I don't think you understand love."

Marshall openly balks at the idea.

"I live in love. I am love. Being drained of my glory and having to endure life as a human, has highlighted nothing more than the fact I know more about love and joy than the entire lot of you do sealed in flesh."

"I'm not talking love in the general sense. There's nothing global about love between two people that plan on being parents together. Intimacy goes much further than logging time between the sheets. It's an emotional bond that takes place. It's way more psychological than it is physical."

He gives a mock applause. "Spoken like a true woman."

"And what says you?"

"I say, more prowess to the one who excites you best."

"Spoken like a true man." I meet his gaze and hold it.

"Touche, Ms. Messenger. Just know this, you will love me-emotionally, psychologically, and physically." He rises and gives a raspy knock on the table before leaving. "I've seen this."<br/>

"You know," Kate rescues a long blonde curl from dipping into her tomato soup, "my Aunt fell off a horse when I was eight. She had this horrible headache and I totally remember her eyes looking like two black holes right before she blacked out."

"Oh, so then she woke up, and she's OK now, right?"

"Nope. She died." Her cheek cinches up on one side as though it were almost inconsequential to the conversation.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," I pause shocked at the revelation. "Well, anyway, I'm not going to die." I roll my eyes at the thought, and my brain grinds inside my head. It takes everything in me to stop from audibly groaning.

"I never said you were going to die. I just don't want you to pass out. You should get some rest. You've been on your feet all day."

I look over to Gage and give a secretive smile. I won't be on my feet tonight. He's got the room-the hotel room-all to himself, it's going to be our night.

Kate waves her hand in front of my face to get my attention, and her ring catches my eye. It's the ring Nat stole from Marshall.

"Hey, where'd you get that?" I look from Kate to Nat.

"I gave it to her." Natalie's lips twitch when she says it.

"She sold it to me." Kate corrects while staring at it dreamily. "I wanted it."

I thought Natalie loved that ring-that she didn't care about Marshall catching her, she had to have it. Then a thought occurs to me.

"So, Nat, how have you been sleeping?"

Her eyes cut over to me with malice. For the first time, I recognize that glazed look in her eyes. It's Michelle Miller all over again.

"So, where's the other ring?" The least I could do is keep tabs on them.

"Michelle borrowed it," she spits it out, irritated.

I look around the dining room. There's no sign of her. I couldn't handle wearing that haunted necklace Marshall gave her for a week, yet she's endured its evil effects for months, and now she's got a ring to match? The Fems must be tag-teaming her. I have a feeling I know exactly who death has come for.

I jump out of my seat.

"Where you going?" Natalie looks amused.

"I have to find Michelle."

I turn and run smack into Holden. He swerves his tray from the line of fire and places it down on the table.

"Take a seat, Sis." He doesn't bother hiding the sarcastic inflection.

"I'm busy." I try to push past him.

Pierce walks by and takes a seat next to Nat. For sure, now I'm out of here.

"You and me have a date tonight." Holden secures me by the elbow.

"I have a date alright. It's just not with you."

His ears peak back. His face ignites a strange shade of purple, insolent with rage, and suddenly he's the mirror image of Tad.

"I've got shit to take care of, Messenger. You're on the line for Holden Kragger's murder," he breathes the words hot into my face, "and a number of witnesses have suddenly materialized that saw you singlehandedly take down nine people at West the day you ingested psychotropic hallucinogens." He relaxes into a cheesy grin. I seriously doubt Drake's real brother was ever this demented. "I also found the dealer you used to purchase them. He'd be more than willing to testify in court to get a monster like you off the streets." He annunciates every syllable. "Looks like we've got places to go. I'll meet you back here at ten." He takes a seat next to Kate, and sticks his tongue in her ear. Gross.

Looks like the advantage has shifted back to the Kragger's court.

Maybe I should steal something from Marshall's bag of haunted goodies and plant it on Holden or Pierce-both. Sure, Marshall would probably turn me into stew and feed me to the unsuspecting student body, but oh, what fun I would have in the meantime.

Chloe cackles again and I give one last look over in their direction before I take off to save Michelle's ass from an entire herd of Fems. Gage presses his finger to his lips, blows me a kiss while Chloe isn't looking.

I'm going to get you back, Gage, I say to myself as I walk out into the sterile night air.

I'm going to figure out a way to hang Chloe by Holden's intestines and pin all the blame on Pierce. Now that sounds like a perfect solution to all of my problems-delusional, yet perfect.

Chapter Forty

Michelle on Top

My head throbs in the quiet hall as I make my way back to the room to find Michelle. The floral patterned carpet swims beneath me swift as serpents, makes my head spin as a wave of nausea cycles through me. For sure, I did the right thing by ditching the cafeteria without having a bite of dinner.

I insert the key and wait for the door to loosen, but it doesn't. The door remains taut no matter how many times I reinsert the stupid plastic keycard.

A series of hard thumps emanate from inside.

"Michelle?" I flatten my hand against the door and pound. She's slept on our floor all week. She must secretly hate Nat as much as I do. "Can you hear me? It's me, Skyla." I give a lightning round of fierce knocks. A muffled noise emits from the other side, and I press my ear against the door. The faint sound of laughter followed by screaming ensues.

Shit. They're tickle torturing her. Or worse, she's delirious with pain and doesn't know whether to laugh or cry. Then a thought occurs to me-Marshall might be in there with her. He's probably demonstrating his capability to love someone right there on my bed with Michelle.

Another series of loud wild noises boom from the other side. Although, I could be wrong about that whole Marshall thing, I'd better go in just to be sure.

I try the keycard one last time before placing it back in my pocket. I glance up and down the hall to make sure I'm alone and give a hard twist to the flat metal knob. An audible crack emits as the door slips open. I've deformed the metal so bad I don't think the door will shut again on its own. But, it's the resorts fault for having such poor keycards to begin with. Plus, I have a friend in need. Did I just refer to Michelle-make-my-life-miserable-Miller as a friend?

The dark room pulsates with heavy breathing-panting. Good God, she is in here with Marshall. I decide to flick on the lights and get the confirmation over with so I can get back to dealing with the other thorn in my side, Holden. If we leave earlier for his inter-dimensional family reunion, I can still lose my virginity to Gage at ten.

"Michelle?" I step into the disorganized room. I don't really see-

A bloodied hand swipes across my forehead.

"Holy freaking shit!" I scream so loud my throat burns from the effort. I slam my back up against the wall and stare up in fright.

Michelle lies motionless, adhered to the ceiling wearing nothing but a bra and underwear. She's covered in long bloodied welts from head to toe that protrude from her flesh in angry red slashes. She rolls her head over at me, offering an eerie grimace.

I swallow down a scream.

"Michelle?" She's completely out of it. And what is it with Fems, and Sectors, and ceilings, anyway? I take a breath and climb on Brielle's bed in an attempt to pull her down.

Before I can grab her, she flies across the room-slams into the wall before suctioning back up to the ceiling again.

A sharp moan expels from her body. My head throbs in rhythm to my erratic heartbeat. I jump over to Emily's bed, then Chloe's before I finally latch onto Michelle's foot. Her body rockets back across the room, taking me with it, smooth as a zip line, and I land flat on my back with my head hitting the floor with a magnificent thud.

The room sways. I watch bleary eyed as Michelle catapults from one wall to another at impossible speeds. The temperature rises to uncomfortable levels.

It's like we're in hell, and I'm being forced to watch Michelle get pulverized by unseen Fems. I try to get up off the floor but I've somehow magnetized to the carpet.

I need my anger to catapult me off the floor. Anything to capitalize on the bionic burst of strength I get when I'm all worked up. I think of Chloe, Holden, and even Mia and how much trouble she caused just before Christmas before I achieve my goal and spike off the floor in a rage. I chase Michelle around the room, snatching and grabbing at random until, finally, I drag her to the bed and pin her down with my body.

Lying on top of a hot and sweaty, bleeding Michelle Miller is not exactly how I want to remember the night I'm set to turn in my V-card. In fact, I'd rather Miller and her bitchy ways reprise themselves than me trying to sedate her from bucking like a bronco. I snatch a hold of her hand and pluck at the ring. Her eyes go off in opposite directions at once. It's abnormal, inhuman looking, and for a split second, I think of bolting for the door. I pull and twist at the ring and nothing. It doesn't even budge. I try to unclasp her necklace, but she's gone and soldered the thing on, just like Chloe. What the hell?

Shit.

Michelle pulls me in with a newfound ferocity, clamps onto my neck with her teeth, and bites down. A hot bite of pain rips through me.

"Shit!" I knee her hard in the stomach, trying to wrestle free from her death grip.

"Skyla!" Logan booms from behind.

Michelle claws at my arms, my legs in a fury-ripping right through my jeans with her razor-like fingernails. My neck is on fire and my brain throbs in regular intervals. It holds the very real promise of detonating.

Logan plucks Michelle off me and tosses her onto Chloe's bed. She rolls onto the floor with a thud and goes limp.

"You're bleeding," his face is pale as he examines the wound.

I make my way over to the mirror and see an egg-sized chunk mangled and bleeding.

"Crap," I hiss. I reach for a towel and press into the wound-feel the burn as it connects with the exposed tissue. "Michelle's wearing another piece of jewelry inspired by the Fem line. I couldn't get the ring or the necklace off."

He takes a deep breath, examining her crumpled body.

I glance over at the alarm clock.

"Nine forty-five," I say, disbelieving.

"Gage has the room tonight," it depresses out of him. Logan's love elongates for me like a shadow. There's such a grievous of defeat on his face, I can hardly stand the sight. "I'll deal with Michelle. Take care of your neck, will you?" He steps forward, far too close to look at my newfound injury. I can feel his soft breath waft over me in waves.

"I'll put something on it," I whisper.

Logan and I get caught in a morbid gaze. His nose touches the tip of mine as he dares me to kiss him. He wants it now more than ever. But he's waiting for me to see if I want it, too.

The boy I used to love, trust with my life so powerfully, stands here hurt over the fact I want someone else-that someone else will have me eventually.

He runs his fingers over the side of my face, down my neck, pausing at my fresh infliction.

"Skyla," he whispers, bereft with sadness.

"You've seen the future, Logan. You know how this ends." I don't mean for it to come out as intense as it does.

"I did see something." His jaw clenches, defining his sharp features.

"What did you see?" I press into him with my curiosity.

Michelle groans as though she were trying to spare Logan from telling me what he knows.

"Did it give you hope? You know, regarding us?" If I make Logan believe my love for him, he might tell me anything.

He shakes me loose.

"I can hear you right through my clothes, Skyla. I'm stronger now. I have powers you have no idea about." His cold demeanor reminds me of that horrible day when he tried feeding me to the Counts. "And yes," he burrows into me with a heartfelt gaze, "it gave me hope."

Chapter Forty-One

Paragon in Springtime

I text Gage and let him know I'll be a few minutes late.

What's up?

I'm sure he's after the truth which I'm, not in a million years, going to tell him because there's no way he's going to think Holden and I going on a light drive is a good idea. Maybe I should tell him I have a headache? That would, for sure, be the truth, but then he'll probably think I was trying to get out of being with him, which I'm totally not. Although, I am pretty much convinced there's a Fem trying to eat my brain from the inside out.

Everything OK?

Yes! I need to talk to Bree. Girl stuff. ~S

Great. He's going to think I'm on my way to get sex tips from, of all people, Brielle, and I'm sure she has a few. She could teach a class on the things she knows-call it one hundred and one ways to get knocked up.

I find Holden near the cafeteria exit with his hands stuffed in his jacket. He blows out a breath, and a trail of vapors emit from his mouth like a dragon. I wish I never laid eyes on Holden Kragger. Hopefully tonight will reverse that opinion. I'm dying to find something to lord over Chloe-nail her with evidence of Emerson's death so I can free myself from her bondage.

"Follow me," I say, leading him over to the women's restroom. I put out the cleaning sign and drag him inside. "Give me your hands."

"I didn't know time travel was so user friendly." Holden has transformed Ethan from gawky and lanky to outright buff and handsome-poor, poor, unsuspecting girls of Paragon. I feel as though I owe every one of them an apology for bringing him back from the dead. It's too bad nice people like my father don't get that opportunity-hardly seems fair.

"Where we going?" I ask.

"Last spring."

"You think about it in detail, and I'll get us there. Remember, I'm doing this so you can see your sister, but I also need something in return. We need to figure out what she knows about Chloe."

"Yeah, we'll see." Already I know it's doubtful that Holden will help me do anything. That's OK, I have an agenda of my own.

***

The sun bleats out from behind angel white clouds. They define themselves in a series of pristine scallops so full and crisp they look almost cartoonlike. Just seeing the sun bear down over Paragon disorients me, makes me feel as though I'm walking around with a broken compass.

"Later," Holden heads into a crowd circulating up ahead. It's not until I see a friendly blue dolphin splashed against the side of a building that I connect the dots and figure out I'm at East Paragon High.

"Twenty minutes!" I swear I'm not above leaving him.

A sea of students funnel around me. I scan the crowd for familiar faces. Honestly, the only people I remotely know who go to East are Carly and Carson, and, for sure, I don't want to run into either of them.

A girl and a guy making out by the water fountain catch my attention. There's something heartfelt in the way he kisses her, desperate as though it weren't enough to have her that way. Something about him reminds me of Gage. His hands wander up her sweater. With all of the passion he exudes, you would think there weren't another soul around. My stomach spikes with heat at the thought of things I might be doing with Gage later-hell, if I could find him now. But that won't happen. He's miles away at West with Chloe. She's everywhere, every time dimension, every universe, she covers him like moss on a stone-slippery, annoying as hell to get rid of.

The couple parts ways and the girl walks by with her hair in a high ponytail.

"Excuse me?" I call out.

She turns and looks at me with expressionless eyes. It must be an entrance requirement to have no soul if you want to go to East.

"Can you tell me where to find Emerson Kragger?"

She sputters a laugh. "Behind the student parking lot with the rest of the stoners." She takes off and her ponytail bounces with each step as though it were a spring.

Student parking lot. The layout looks similar to West, so I follow my gut and low and behold, catch a glimpse of expensive SUV's and sports cars lining the lot. Just being in a parking lot makes me crave Gage. It's like I can feel him with those eyes the color of the deepest part of the ocean watching over me in the sky.

A familiar rank odor I've come to associate with Ellis emanates from behind the bushes, and, sure enough, I stumble upon a small huddle of bodies that jump and scatter simultaneously.

"It's OK," I hit the air brakes.

"Narc!" A boy with long greasy hair darts into the woods.

"I'm not a narc. I don't even know what a narc is. I'm looking for Emerson. I'm a friend of hers."

A girl with long black hair rolls her face towards me. I recognize her from the Transfer. She has beautiful almond cut eyes and lips to die for. A puff of smoke swirls out of her mouth as she waits for me to say something.

"What?" She takes another hit as though it were the most natural thing in the world. For sure Arson Kragger has the most screwed up kids on Paragon. Then again, he's probably not too far off himself.

"Um," I take a seat next to her in the dirt, "I'm a friend of Chloe's."

She slides back a foot as if I just pulled a verbal knife on her. I'm pretty sure Chloe had something to do with poor Emerson's demise. At least her diary eluded to as much.

"I'm not a friend, friend. I just know her-hate her actually," I correct.

"Yeah?" She looks disbelieving. "Why do you hate her?"

"Because she's a killer."

Her eyebrows flex like thick black worms.

"Why do you hate her?" I ask, watching her face for a clue of any kind.

The wind picks up, dislodging the serenity around us. It rattles the branches of the evergreens like bones on a skeleton.

"I don't hate Chloe," she takes another hit before pulling her knees up to her chin. "Chloe hates me."

"Story of my life." Who knew I had so much in common with a Kragger? "Look, I know you don't know me. But I would do just about anything to get some dirt on Chloe." It's too bad I can't stop Chloe from slaughtering Emerson. "Hey, do you know the date?"

"Sixteenth."

"Of May?"

"April." She looks at me like I'm the one on something.

"I meant April," I shrug it off. I'll have to check and see what day Emerson dies, see if I can be a fly on the wall and figure things out backwards.

"I have something on Chloe." She gives a bleak smile, lowers her lids until it looks downright seductive. "What's it worth to you?"

"Everything. Name it, it's yours."

"Cash, lots of it." She bites down on her lips, exposing a row of perfect teeth the color of milk.

Where am I going to get money? Steal from Logan? I shake the thought away.

"I don't have cash," I take a breath, "but I do have tons of that crap you're filling your lungs with. An endless supply, actually." Then again, she probably does, too.

"OK." She shrugs.

"Skyla." My name echoes from the field to my left. I get up in an effort to motion Holden over. Who knew I could find his sister before he did?

But I don't see Holden.

I see Logan-and everything in me freezes.

Chapter Forty-Two

Count the Ways You Love Me

Pale whispers of straw struggle to survive through the gravel of the overflow parking lot. Just beyond the lot, a vigorous forest stands tall and proud, not burned to ash like the one at West, although technically it's still thriving there, too.

Logan reaches down and tries picking up my hand, but I pull away.

"Voices," I say, laying my palm flat against my chest. "So which Logan are you? Past, present-future? The Count that's going to kill me?"

"I saw you bolt into the restroom with Kragger then waited two seconds for you to come out."

"Oh, that one," I say, lackluster. "So, did your supervising spirit, tell you where to go? How'd you find me?"

His head ticks to the side.

"You don't know why you're here, do you?" Logan looks genuinely surprised at my ignorance.

"Holden was feeling all sentimental and wanted to see his sister." I point back at the bushes that house Emerson. Wait a minute...if everyone on campus knows where to find her, why did he bolt in the opposite direction? Holy crap, I really don't know why I'm here.

"He's taking advantage of you." Logan grinds his teeth. "Why are you being so nice to him? Why would you go anywhere with that monster?"

"I feel stupid, OK? Let's just find him and get back. I have a very important date with Gage that I don't plan on breaking." My head starts in on another pre-explosion tantrum causing me to suck in a breath and close my eyes.

"You're not OK, are you?" He wraps an arm around me. I press my face into his chest, feel his warmth, take in his familiar scent and feel safe again.

"You're safe." He presses a kiss down over my head. "I promise."

"Tell me what Holden is up to," it comes out weak, laced with doubt that Logan will tell me anything, factual at least.

"He went to Chloe for an infusion-old Chloe. She's not putting out anymore, platelet-wise. She let both the Kraggers know she'd turn them in for Emerson's murder."

"Emerson? But they didn't kill their own sister," I shake my head at the thought.

"They sort of did," he sweeps over me with his gaze, sad and tired. The deep lines around his eyes accentuate as he squints into me. I reach up and thread my fingers through his ashen hair.

"I don't love young Logan anymore, but I love this one," I breathe the words.

His chest rises with a short-lived laugh. "You're mad at young Logan, but I promise, he more than loves you. Everything I've ever done was to save you, protect you."

"Gage loves me." I take in a deep cleansing breath to rid myself of the emotional felony I've just committed. "Gage would do anything for me." I want to add, too, but I leave that part out. "Why did they kill Emerson?"

The bell rings. Emerson rises out of the bushes and walks towards the gym, clad in all her Goth glory.

"They were doing a blood transfusion in the basement of a coffee shop and her body rejected it. She thought she was going to be just like Chloe-she had a heart attack instead."

"Who told you this?"

"Chloe."

"When?"

His lips pull into a line. He cuts a look into the forest before blowing out a breath.

"A while back." Logan pulls me close and drops a kiss on top of my head.

"There's more, but you won't tell me. Am I right?"

He lets his silence speak for him.

"Well, then. At least you're working honesty from some angle. Why would Chloe siphon her blood then try to infuse Emerson? She's hardly the giving type. From what I understand, the Kraggers were already sucking her dry."

"Emerson had something on Chloe. Something she swore she'd never tell if Chloe gave her the ultimate infusion."

"Do you know what it is?"

"Not sure."

"Do you think Pierce or Holden know?"

"It's doubtful. From what I understood, they were against the transfusion from the beginning."

"Because they thought it might kill her?"

"Because it diminished their supply significantly. After Emerson died, Chloe bartered with them on a regular basis using her blood as currency until she disappeared."

"Before I killed her," I state the correction just below a whisper.

A fragile wind picks up and blows my hair away from my face. A dark set of clouds roll in and cover the sun as though abolishing the world from a sin. This is the Paragon I know, rife with melancholy, secrets so thick you could build a bridge and walk across them, but they'd never take you to the truth. They're simply capable of breeding more questions-a trap door within a trap door.

"You did what you felt you had to," he picks up my hands and gives a light swing. "Forgive yourself, Skyla."

I've been dragging around the guilt of slaughtering other human beings, but I would never admit to myself one of the people I felt guilty about killing was Chloe. It haunts me to think I'm capable of the very things I've accused people of.

I look down at Logan's fingers interlaced with mine. I can't help but feel an all-encompassing security just having him here. It's strange how we're bonding over, of all things, Chloe's death.

"Um," I swallow hard. "Tell me what you're doing with a supervising spirit." For once I feel as though he might answer and not leave me with more questions than I had to begin with.

"I'm loving you. That's what I do in the past, present, and future, Skyla. That's all I'll ever do."

Chapter Forty-Three

A Moment Like This

It took forever to wrangle Holden back. My cell actually worked! Which sort of scared the shit out of me, but nevertheless, I'll be curious about the extra charges I might have accidentally incurred.

I head straight to Gage's room at the lodge, and give a series of anxious knocks. I'm not entirely opposed to breaking another lock tonight, although that would mean we couldn't shut the door, and the last thing I want is a potential audience.

Gage answers, wrapped in a towel. The sharp scent of soap emits from his skin, his hair is slicked back and dewy, just the way I love it.

I step inside and bolt the door.

The reality hits me as soon as he melts me into a kiss and my hands touch his bare back that he might actually be naked under that towel. I mean, of course, he is. Everybody is naked under a wrapped damp towel, and suddenly everything is feeling far too real for me. I can't imagine seeing Gage naked. It's going to be strange and wildly exciting, but nevertheless, strange.

He flicks off the lights, leading me towards the back. The curtain is wide open, and the light from the parking lot casts a dull orange glow in the room.

"This one," he says, guiding me over to his bed, the covers already pulled back. He keeps his lips secured over mine and reduces me to cinders with hot ripe kisses before pealing off my jacket, my sweater.

"Oh, so this is it?" Of course, this is it. I'm so stupid. What did I think was going to happen? We were going to sit down and have a discussion? Strategize?

My heart thumps so loud it's like I've got an entire percussion section tuning up in my chest. The room kind of smells, but I try to ignore that.

He grunts a little laugh. His eyes are glazed over and his hands won't stop roving up and down my back. It's like he's gone animal on me, which I sort of don't mind.

Gage delivers mind-numbing kissing. His warm hands pull up and down my torso, creating smooth warm rivers of pleasure.

I love Gage.

It seems like a strange moment to begin professing my love for him, but really, I just want to show him, express physically what I can never seem to do justice verbally.

I indulge in a stream of wild kisses down the hard ridge of his neck, the supple skin on his chest, pausing to take in his scent, not the manufactured one he covers himself with from a bottle but the one unique to him. My hands run down the incline of his back, land up over his bare bottom-my eyes fly open with surprise.

OK-first of all, I had no idea his towel had managed to drift off his person, and second of all, holy freaking shit-he's naked!

My entire body seizes. I try to focus in on the fact he's kissing me, but in truth, he's a little too close to the spot on my neck where Michelle chewed off a hunk of flesh. The bandage I slapped on only covers about half the damage.

I try and relax, let my hands drift back down to the base of his back. This is new territory. Honestly, we should take things way slower because I'm sort of just getting to know his backside. I can't even think about introducing myself to the front.

Thank God this isn't Logan. Thank God Gage can't read minds because he would have totally rolled me off the bed by now.

"Hey," he pulls up on his elbow as a smile digs into the side of his cheek. "I don't need to be telepathic to know you're uncomfortable." He strokes the hair away from my eyes.

"No," I protest a little too loud. "Not at all. I was just sort of caught off guard, you know, with the whole towel thing."

I try to ignore the fact that he's sprawled out next to me in all his birthday suit glory right now which totally confuses the hell out of me. What am I suppose to be doing? Should I grab onto it with both hands like a fire hose? Maybe I really should have had that talk with Brielle. I'm so lame. My eyes can't even move south of his face. I'm sure Gage is totally rethinking this whole boyfriend, girlfriend arrangement.

His dimples dodge in and out as though they were trying to communicate with me, tell me it's OK.

The peach light pouring in from the parking structure torches him with color-exposes all of his splendor in far too much detail. If he told me he were immortal, something supernaturally formed by God and delivered as a gift to all mankind, I would believe him. His extraterrestrial beauty leaves me stupefied. I glance over him in this strange dreamlike state and take in his form, artfully avoiding the region below his waist as though it were a revelation with too rich a knowledge for me. Gage is a beautiful creature. He holds himself out like an offering, and all I can do is I pull in and relax into his arms.

We start with smooth slow kisses, textured with our love. He holds me respectfully, groans into me as though this were enough, as though this were all he ever wanted. Then, with perfect pitch I'm right there with him. I kick off my shoes. Our kisses intensify as the room combusts with our lust-kisses like embers.

The sharp scent of vinegar and chips swells up around us. It takes over my senses. Soon, it's all I can think about it.

"What did you guys eat in here?" I whisper. Not exactly words anyone wants to hear in the throes of passion, but I swear it's reactivating the time bomb in my head.

"Nothing. We eat in the cafeteria," he runs his tongue up my neck in one continuous motion.

I give a sharp sniff just to be sure my nose isn't playing tricks on me and sure enough the stench of vinegar is lodged in my nostrils. I pull up on my elbows and look around. My eyes adjust as the landscape of the room comes to life around me. Unmade beds, towels tossed around at random, jeans, t-shirts, sweaters lining the floor like carpet. I lean further back on my elbows and something cold and wet rubs against me.

"Yuck."

"What?" Gage comes up from air, leaving my entire midsection wet from his kisses. An icy shiver runs through me as I pick up a...sock?

"Gross," he snatches it from me, and launches it across the room.

I pull back the pillow, revealing a pile of highly defiled, heavily soiled footwear.

"Shit," Gage swats them off the bed and sits up next to me covering himself with the blanket. "I bet they were saving those up for us all week."

I'm sure Logan enjoyed planting those bacterial breeding grounds as a token of his affection.

Gage gives an easy grin while pulling me over to him. I start in on a slow giggle that builds to an all out laugh.

"I guess this isn't the right hotel room after all," his brows arch as if to affirm this.

"Are you sure?" I hold the offer out there.

"The last thing I want is dirty socks to embed themselves in your memory." He traces out repetitive soft circles across on my thigh. "You deserve rose petals on the sheets."

I give a little laugh.

"You're all I need in my bed, Gage."

I pull him back down to the pillow and give him a kiss he'll remember-make sure he'll never look at a dirty sock the same way ever again, although he might now want to keep one around as a memento.

The room combusts again as we practice all the necessary maneuvers for that holy grail of a first time that seems to keep eluding us.

Chapter Forty-Four

The Talk

Saturday, our last day, Ms. Richards insists we do what we came for, the ski competition.

A dense white fog that can only be described as a cloud settles over the mountain. It looks like the sky has fallen, literally, and we're in it. We are the gods and this is Mount Olympus.

Marshall and I resume our positions at the base of the mountain. We watch the competition as East shoves its ski boot right up West's ass. Logan, Gage, and Chloe have each been walloped by their East competitors in two different competitions.

Marshall is ornery. His skin is pallid, his eyes bloodshot. He looks downright haggard, as if he hasn't slept in months.

"Have the Fems been after you?" I whisper as we watch the last members of the West ski team drift down the slope in defeat.

"They have rather enjoyed tormenting me in my dreams. But something far more sinister is out to get me," he gravels out the words, "gravity and the ebbing of time, the atmosphere in general has been after me. I can't grasp how you manage to look so put together wallowing in this misery day after day."

Michelle scissors next to Emily and Lexy as they make their way in the line for the ski lift. They're about to do a bitch squad trio up an advanced run and this almost amuses me.

I relay the series of events that occurred with Michelle last night.

"And you expect sympathy?"

"Marshall," I balk, disbelieving. "Yes, for both of us." I pull down my scarf, revealing an amazing scab the size of a fist.

"That's fast becoming infected. I'd seek medical attention if I were you." He gives a brief look of disgust. "I'll see to removing the artifact from Shelly's finger."

"And the necklace?"

"Not the necklace."

"Why not?"

"What's this sudden interest in the accessories of you adversaries?" He twists, plagued with morbid curiosity.

"I thought it might be a good idea to, you know, befriend her."

"Well, you know, befriending her may not pan out to be the stroke of genius you think it is."

"Why? We can double up on Chloe."

"You forget. It's Chloe who's constantly on the attack with Michelle, not the reverse. Shelly, still reveres her as her stealth leader. She's a good little sheep."

"Who's a sheep?" Brielle slides into the table next to us and spikes her pole into the back of her skis in an effort to free herself from their bondage.

"I gotta go," I whisper, turning in Brielle's direction.

Marshall pulls me back by the shoulder.

"My former glory should reconstitute within hours," he whispers. "I have retribution to tend to regarding paraphernalia that was stolen from me as well as a certain matter to do with the three inch gash in my side. That's right, Skyla. I haven't forgotten," he gives me a gentle shove in Brielle's direction.

Perfect. Can't wait to see what body part he'll snap off in payment for the spirit sword incident. Suddenly, I'm not so hot on protecting Logan of all people, but really, I thought I was protecting Gage.

I let out a heavy sigh as I scoot in next to Bree.

"Wow, you and Dudley look pretty serious." She bites down on the salacious grin ready to explode all over her face. "I'm totally OK with it, though. I don't want you to think there's weirdness between us just because we slept with the same guy."

I just sit there with my jaw on the floor. She knows darn well I'm into Gage-that I'm supposedly with Gage. Why the sudden memory default? Unless, of course, she thinks I'm with both Gage and Marshall, which in her world would totally make sense.

"Yeah, well, I haven't done it yet." I lean in secretively. "With either of them."

"Oh," she draws the word out as though it were a huge oversight on her part. "Dudley's perfect. He'd be a great teacher," she squints into an unexpected laugh. "Get it? Teacher?"

"Yeah, real funny." I look over at him and he arches a brow as though he's heard the whole thing.

"I don't know about Gage though," she takes off her knit cap and shags out her hair. It's wet in the back from perspiration, curling up in neat copper coils. "Chloe seems to like him. Says he really knows what he's doing-shows up Logan by a landslide. Says he's the size of a baseball bat."

"What?" I squawk. "She has not been with Gage." And if he is the size of a baseball bat maybe I should have peeked last night while I had the chance? What am I saying? Chloe wears lies like a crown.

God-where's Gage? I pan the vicinity. Chloe so better not know.

"Relax." She wraps an arm around my shoulder. "Your time will come. Probably with both Gage and Dudley." She doesn't even bother to whisper that last part.

I look past her at Marshall. He's totally enjoying this, I can tell.

"And when it does," she licks her lips. "It's going to be amazing."

"Right," I say, absentmindedly. The wind picks up and blows a harsh breeze- claws at my skin, sharp as razors.

"If you want, I can give you some pointers," she begins to pluck at her gloves.

Marshall leans in. Sticks his tongue in his cheek as he awaits the laundry list of seduction.

"Maybe another time," I say. Like never.

Drake creates a scene by waving his poles all over the place, taking out three skiers in the process.

"I'd better go before anyone else gets hurt." She picks up her skis and heads on out. "I'll make up a list of all the highlights, kay?"

"Oh, that won't be necessary." On paper? Is she insane? With my luck, it'll be published and circulated in the Daily Dawg as soon as we get back to school. I can see it now, Skyla's sex tips. Just wait until Tad gets a hold of that. "We'll talk later." Emphasis on talk.

Marshall limps his way over and relaxes an arm behind me on the table.

"In need of lessons are we?"

"Nope." I turn away, not giving him the satisfaction of a glance.

"Would you believe that you offer yourself to me in full?"

"Yeah, right." Dear God, please no.

"Mmm," he purrs into me. "It was the last blessed vision imparted on me prior to my celestial probation." He ho-hums the words out as though they were banal. "I suppose that means you get your lesson after all." A ruddy glow fills Marshall from the inside. "I'm starting to feel better already," he shudders as though he were shaking off a chill. "I do believe, Skyla, a feast of your flesh might just be the answer to everything."

"There's another word for that vision, it's called a fantasy." Something deep inside me stirs, as though, I really know it's not.

"What I find hard to believe is how near we are to the arrival of that magnanimous moment." He grabs a ski pole, stakes it into the ground as though driving home his point. "Three weeks." He blinks a smile. "Mark off the days on your calendar in hearts, make a paper-chain, whatever best aides in the countdown," he gives the impression of a wicked grin. "You, my love, will be mine."

And with that he hobbles away.

Chapter Forty-Five

Baseball, America's Favorite Pastime

"Has Chloe seen your baseball bat?"

Gage huffs a laugh as though he knows what I'm talking about and the temperature in this clown suit my mother bought to humiliate me goes up about forty-five degrees.

Gage stands out like a dark shadow up against the paper mountain.

Nevermore lingers on the ski lift like he were overseeing the apparatus himself, as though his steady undivided attention to the rise of each gondola was his newfound responsibility.

"I have a feeling this conversation has nothing to do with the game."

"So, she's seen it?" I gasp. I'm going to knee Gage, then sock Chloe.

"What baseball bat? The one in my room? She's never been there."

I breathe a sigh of relief at the thought of Chloe being denied access to Gage's bedroom, among other things.

"Oh," he muses. His eyes round out like perfect orbs. "A baseball bat, huh?" His dimples ignite. "Well, she's right." He shrugs as though there was no disputing this and I slap him on the shoulder.

"It's not funny." My eyes tear up unwarranted.

"Hey," he pulls me in and pushes a kiss up over my ear, "I swear she's never seen my baseball bat."

"Well, she's not above lying. And by the way, she said you were better than Logan by a landslide."

"That, I might have to relay to him," his chest rumbles with a dry laugh. "I can't believe she said this to you. That really pisses me off."

I badly want to correct him, but at the moment I prefer him pissed at Chloe. "What's that in your hand?" I ask.

He holds up a bulbous metal helmet with a skull and cross bones sticker slapped on the side.

"My gift to you. Come on, I'll take you up again." He nods in the direction of the mountain of death.

"No thanks." I carefully hid my skis beneath the table earlier where I plan on letting them rest in peace the remainder of the afternoon. "I was cheering for you up there-you know, just like back home. You've gotta be exhausted. You were the best one on the slopes."

"I didn't win. I didn't even place," he says. He's so onto me, I can tell. "Come on. You've got to get back on that horse. If you don't ski today, after this trip, you'll probably never want to do it again."

"That's the plan."

"I won't take no for an answer." He presses the helmet into me. "Besides, I can't sleep at night knowing that I was supposed to protect you and you floated off a cliff. Give me some well needed rest, let me get you down off this mountain safely, just once." Gage plucks at my waist as though he were trying to tickle me, but my jacket is so loose he just plucks away at the fabric. "Are you in there?" He gives a sarcastic smile.

"Yes, and yes." I take the helmet from him and inspect it. Gah! It's ugly. I'm going to have the equivalent of a globe on my head while Chloe and the rest of the bitch squad all swish effortlessly down the mountain in cute little headbands. And, for sure, they didn't take their mother's shopping with them because they're all wearing form-fitting outfits. There's not one other plaid clown suit on the mountain, save for me. Maybe this was all a part of my mother's plan to keep me chaste by making me look as unattractive as possible. Little did she know she'd have help in that department by Gage himself.

I put on the special protective headgear and pinch the clasp under my chin.

"Why do I have to look so goofy?"

"I prefer you alive and goofy, to dead and hot."

I sigh as he helps me into my skis. At least he's honest.

Marshall strides past me, sans his noticeable hobble.

I'm back, Messenger. Tip top condition, never felt better. You can push that idiot of yours off the ski lift to save me the trouble. It's time for retribution, and as they say in your neck of the woods, payback makes a stray dog's tail wag.

"Payback's a bitch," I whisper as Gage and I start making our way to the ski lift.

Have it your way.

"Skyla," Gage is clearly perplexed by my rather vague threat. "You hit your head harder than I thought."

I did, but that's not the point.

We fall in line at the ski lift behind Holden and Kate. In front of them are Pierce and Nat. Convenient arrangement. Kate is way too nice for a psycho like Holden. I should probably take her aside and warn her that he's possessed, literally. I wonder if the real Ethan would like to have his body back? I wonder if that arrangement is possible?

Gage and I land soft on the lift as he lowers the useless bar in front of us. I scoot into him. He holds me as we escalate into the atmosphere, floating soft as a butterfly.

"Winter formal is in a couple of weeks," he blows the words into my ear.

"How many?" I hadn't given much thought to Marshall's premonition until now.

"Like three, you wanna go?" He grazes over my earlobe soft with his teeth.

I'll definitely be staying away from Marshall that night.

"With you?" I ask hopeful.

"Yes, with me."

"What about Chloe?"

His chest rises in frustration. "I'm about ready to lock her in a closet."

"You'd do that for me?" I bat my eyes up at him playfully.

"I swear, I'll find a way to make her unavailable. I'm going to lose my mind if I have to be tied to the hip with her another minute. Besides, she can't stop me from dancing with you." Gage glows as the paper white fog envelops him.

"I'd love to dance with you-every single song." I danced with Gage once at homecoming.

"I plan on slow dancing with you regardless of the music," he tugs on my earlobe with his teeth, and my stomach bottoms out.

"You think Dudley would get rid of her?" He asks.

I take in a breath. I wonder if that plays into Marshall's vision? My body in exchange for Chloe's demise. That would make me a prostitute and a killer. There's no real reason for me to off her at this point I mean technically, I've offed her once in exchange for killing my father.

"Maybe he can relocate her to China?" I straighten, causing the chair to swing.

"Or East." His brows rise into the brilliant epiphany.

Good God, I really am going to sleep with Marshall.

"What's the matter? You look like you're in pain," he squints into me, examining my eyes.

"Nothing," I sink back into him.

Up ahead, Nat and Pierce attempt to get off the lift and stumble. Nat's ski flicks off skyward, causing the two of them to land in a heap. The chair keeps moving-and Holden and Kate topple over them effortlessly. It would have been funny if it weren't for the fact that we were next in line.

"Where are the idiots running this thing?" Gage lifts the bar in front of us.

Kate's arm is still hooked onto the chair, but her skis have tangled up with the bodies below.

Our chair nears the dismount area ready to deposit us onto the growing pile of humanity.

I have a feeling this is going to hurt like hell.

It would have been reasonable for someone to stop the lift, but it just so happens that the operator lies slumped over in the tiny wood cubicle. I know this because it's the last thing I see before the lift speeds up.

"Skyla!" Gage grabs me by the waist. He flicks off his skis and starts kicking at mine.

I harness all of my Celestra strength by way of anger and try to free myself from my skis with a few hard swings. Kate stands just as I propel my power punch, and I launch her helmet out a good fifteen feet as I kick off my ski.

Only Kate's not wearing a helmet.

She's not wearing a head anymore either.

Oh, Fuck.

Chapter Forty-Six

Stick the Dismount

Gage grabs me by the waist, and we land hard on an icy surface.

I open my eyes with caution expecting to see Pierce bearing his fangs at me or Nat giving me the finger, but I see Gage's perfect face, instead. I lean over and kiss him. I don't need the details on how he used his super strength or super speed or teleportation powers, or all three in combination to land us clear on the other side of the ski lift a good ten feet away from the growing pile of bodies.

A horrible series of screams emit-bloodcurdling, wild, guttural primal screams cut through the arctic air-for a moment I had forgot all about the grizzly scene.

Gage runs towards the booth to shut down the lift.

Nat howls at the top of her lungs in the direction of Kate's partially buried head. A long trail of crimson liquid runs from the decapitated body to her beautiful blonde hair. Instinctively I take my jacket off, go over and cover up her severed body.

Pierce vomits a steady brown river next to Nat in the snow.

It all feels surreal, the day has been swallowed in a nightmare, and a life has been evicted from this planet all because of me.

Holden gives the slight curve of a smile in my direction as though he approves of the carnage.

"It was an accident," I try to shout but it comes out a hoarse whisper.

"You did this!" Nat screams. "Your stupid freaking ski killed my best friend!" She howls the words through tears.

Ms. Richards runs up to the scene, sweating and winded, closely followed by Marshall who looks alarmingly well rested and nonplused by the situation.

"It seems we've had a decapitation," he announces to the people still immobilized on the lift.

"Marshall!" I snipe.

He takes off his jacket and swings it around my shoulders. It holds his warmth-his energy flows through me, buzzing with his ever-present calm.

"You'll freeze, Love. Only one death for today, please." He walks over to Kate's head just lying there as the crowd of spectators continues to grow.

I run alongside him and stare down at her. Her eyes are still open-looking up as though she were actually focused in on us. Her lips are parted as if she were about to say something and got cut off, literally. I take Marshall's jacket from around my shoulders and place it gently over her remains.

Gage comes over.

"There's something wrong with the lift operator," he says.

"They had a late night. They both fell asleep," Marshall offers.

I can only assume Marshall is talking about the one downhill as well. He did this. There's no doubt. It has his bloody calling card all over it.

"She didn't steal the ring," I scream into him.

"Sometimes receiving stolen goods makes you an accessory," Marshall looks to Gage. "Imagine what I would do to someone who tried to kill me." He stalks off in anger, over to a medic that's just arrived at the scene.

"He's going to kill me," I whisper.

Gage pulls me in, lands a kiss on my cheek, and warms my arms.

"He was looking at me when he said it."

***

They took Kate's head back down the mountain in an icebox packed with snow as though they actually thought they might be able to somehow reattach it. I guess it was mostly for show in an effort to look competent and avoid any further liability. After all, two of the resort workers passed out on the job and one of the medics threw up onsite.

Marshall arranges for the buses to pick us up a day early, and if we leave in the next few hours, we'll still make the last ferry back to Paragon.

"I feel terrible," I cry on Brielle's shoulder back at the room.

"Don't, it's not your fault." She presses a warm hand onto my shoulder.

"Of course, it's her fault," Emily spits the words out while jamming art supplies into a duffle bag. "Whose ski was it again that lopped off her head? Oh, that's right, it was your ski, Messenger."

"It was a freak accident!" Brielle goes over with her chest puffed out. "If you saw how fast that damn machine was moving, you wouldn't even think about making her feel this way."

Emily cuts a quick smile in my direction.

Something tells me I won't be living this down anytime soon. I'll probably do jail time. I'll be known as the decapitator for the rest of my days but really I don't care.

I fall onto the bed and let the tears flow. I hate that I somehow meshed into Marshall's plan of revenge. I'd like to think that he used me and not that I, in my accident-prone glory managed to do this on my own. He was probably only going to give her frostbite. Maybe her finger would have fallen off, or at worse, he would have hacked off her hand-but no, I had to go and rip her skull off at the base. I'm so pissed at myself first, then Marshall. I'm going to strangle him and not just as a euphemism this time. He's gone too far. People don't kill people for purchasing stolen items.

Then it comes back full circle, and I have to face the fact he was probably going to let her live, until I inserted my Celestra strength into the mix.

Michelle slaps her things together. I look over at her glazed expression, her crazy short hair that's actually matted in the back. She's next-maybe not death, but a limb or two, for sure.

Emily snaps up her luggage and disappears. Drake comes in and snatches up Brielle's bag, slings it over his shoulder.

"You OK?"

It takes a moment for it to register that he's actually talking to me.

"Yeah, I'm fine." Really I'm not. I'm going to keep Dr. Booth busy for the next several decades regarding this very incident.

"You want me to get your bag?"

"No thanks. I'll be down in a minute."

They take off and I go over to Michelle. I grab her by the shoulders, rattle her like a bobblehead doll.

"Listen to me!" I didn't mean to scream it in her face with unbridled rage. "That necklace you have on-that ring. They're haunted. They are the sole reason for your nightmares. Those scary things you see, even when you're not sleeping? They're after you, Michelle. They're real. If you don't take off this demonic crap, you're going to end up dead just like Kate!" I break out in a hot burst of perspiration. This might be my one last-ditch opportunity to save Michelle.

"Are you threatening her?" Chloe appears from behind. I hadn't even noticed that she walked in the room.

"No," I shake my head.

"I heard you." She snatches Michelle by the shoulders.

Michelle holds out her hand and gazes down at her finger. It's black. It looks necrotic as if it's dying from the inside. She plucks the ring off, and hands it to Chloe.

"I'll keep it safe for you." Chloe doesn't flinch at the site of Michelle's dead finger. Instead, she places the ring on her hand, holds it out for me to admire.

"It can't hurt me, Skyla," she whispers low and lethargic. "Nothing can hurt me, and no one can stop me."

"I can stop you, Chloe." I wish I believed the words I was so quick to issue.

"By turning yourself in and disappearing forever? Please do." She bites into her lip with a pleasure-filled smile.

"By removing you from West, from my life, and from Gage forever. That's what I live for Chloe. And I'm desperate enough to do anything to make it happen."

I sweep my things into a bag and head out the door.

I'm going to find Marshall and make arrangements for just about anything.

Chapter Forty-Seven

Next to You

The buses fill in quickly.

The temperature drops. The sky darkens to soot as though the world were mourning for sweet, beautiful Kate. I scan the crowd for Marshall. It's him I want to sit next to all the way down the mountain, so I can lambaste him for being so cruel.

"Skyla," Logan pulls me in without permission. The warmth from his skin comforts me. Makes me linger far longer than I ever should.

"Have you seen Dudley?" I need to stay focused.

"No," his expression clouds over. "I want you to stay away from him. Both Gage and I do," he corrects the rebuke to include Gage, as though, I might listen to reason better if he weren't the only one in the equation-and usually he'd be right, but not in this case.

"I can take care of myself."

"No," he says it sweetly with pathetic undertones. "He's too powerful. He has an agenda. The rest of us are just pawns. That includes you."

"Well, the tables have turned. He's my pawn now." There's no way I'm going to tell Logan that I plan on sleeping with Dudley to get Chloe out of my life for good. Marshall's voice booms from the other end of the parking lot. I shake Logan loose and dart in his direction.

My feet glide on a patch of ice, sailing me right into Marshall.

"I'm sitting with you," I say, panting from the sprint.

"First seat on the left, you can take my bag," he hands me a small duffel.

I snatch it from him, and head inside.

***

Another half hour passes before we're just about loaded to go. Gage and Logan are on another bus, so I won't have to worry about them disrupting 'operation take Chloe down'.

I rest Marshall's duffel on my lap and something protrudes from it hard on my thigh. I try and molest it from the outside but I can't make out the form-probably more lethal jewelry. Really, why doesn't he just leave this stuff at home in a safe like normal people?

Without putting too much thought into it I unzip it and peer inside. It's not like I'm going to take anything. I've seen what can happen. It's not pretty.

It's too dark to make anything out properly. I turn on the overhead light and dig around inside. Tons of free floating metal objects filter through my fingers. I remember Marshall once mentioned he forged iron or something along those lines. I fish out the largest item in the bag and hold it out-a silver statue of Ezrina. I drop it like a hot coal and fish out something else. A small rattle looking thing, circular with a long handle and something inside of it pounds the walls of the metal surface as though it were trying to escape. I place it back towards the bottom and pull out a disc. It's unreasonably heavy in comparison to the Ezrina figure and the haunted rattle. It has an opaque stone in the center, pink, pretty. I pull out another with a hazy blue stone, and another with the color of light green jade. The three discs look just like the ones Emily drew on my torso. Creepy.

I fish out a final disc from off the bottom. It has the picture of a flame on one side. I flip it over and gasp.

I recognize those lips, those eyes, that hair-it's me. My likeness molded into this colossal-sized coin. My face protrudes from the metal as though I were trying to escape.

I put the disc in my jacket pocket and dip back into the bag. Something round maneuvers between my fingers, almost as if it came to me.

Marshall steps on board and walks past me to the back of the bus, taking roll. I pull the final object out of the bag and examine it under the light.

A severed head.

I replace it in the sack, zipping it back up just as Marshall lands by my side.

"I'm giving you preferential treatment because of your emotional trauma. Otherwise, female students are not allowed to sit with male professors."

"Thank you."

"However, since the entire student body knows that you and I are an item," he wraps his arm around my shoulder and leans into me inappropriately. "And, I'm the only instructor on board, we don't have to hide our affections for one another." He glides into a lust-filled smile that fades as quick as it came. His eyes narrow in on mine before he holds his hand out.

"The amulet."

"No," I say, defiantly. "It's mine-my face."

His eyes glow an eerie fire yellow, inspiring me to produce the overgrown coin and place it on his palm.

"What is it?"

"It's a decorative piece I've come to call my own," he emphasizes the last two words.

"I saw the head. You knew it was going to happen."

"On occasion I know things."

"Why didn't you stop it?"

"What fun is it to always save-rescue, release? Once in a while I just go with destiny's flow, and if a head happens to roll, so be it."

"Did you mean for Kate to get her head chopped off or did I do that on my own?" Not that it'll make me feel any better either way.

"I, my love, take revenge very seriously," his voice resonates pitch perfect with anger. "I don't make mistakes, and I don't let humans, or their partial counterparts, get in the way. But if you must know, my revenge coincided nicely with her timely demise. It's a fact that she was called home at that hour, otherwise I would have dismembered her civilly, let her live out her years with a simple prosthesis. Not everybody has a body farm, you know," he eyes my Chloe arm. "I would have saved death as a judgment for something far more sinister, a stabbing perhaps."

Shit.

"And my role?" I try to revert the attention back to Kate's death.

"Should you not have called upon your Celestra powers, you would have merely knocked her in the temple, equally as deadly, but not nearly as messy."

"What about the other two? Nat and Michelle?" I'm almost afraid to ask, but it's doubtful Marshall has left a stone unturned.

"I have plans for the two of them," he sighs. "Our friend, destiny, has yet to conclude its work in their lives, but when the time comes I'm allowed an indulgence or two, a limb, a head. You're much more efficient than Ezrina, by the way."

"You used me to kill somebody."

"It would seem."

"Is this something you plan on making a habit of?" I'm stunned to even be asking.

"Perhaps." He pins me with venom. "Which Oliver pays for sticking me with the sword?"

"I take the blame."

"Well, then." He relaxes back into his seat. "I might just take the three of you down for sport."

"But you need me." I can feel my entire life pulsating before my eyes.

"Then choose the object of my wrath."

My mouth falls open. Of course, I'm not going to say Gage, but I can't seem to find it in me to say Logan, either.

"No-and you can't have them both," I hiss.

Marshall runs his fingers over the side of my face, locks onto my eyes with a tender loving gaze.

"Neither can you."

Chapter Forty-Eight

Downtown

The sky opens up. A vat of rain dumps on Paragon by the merciless distributor who sees fit to vex us with nonstop turbulent weather. The sky pours out its fury in a torrent of violent tears for Kate, whose only sin was to don a band of metal she purchased for twenty dollars by way of Nat.

Instead of Mom and Tad waiting for me at the terminal, I'm escorted by Marshall to the precinct along with Nat, Pierce, Holden and Gage. We were all expert witnesses to the accident that took Kate's life, and now we have to recount all of the tragic events in horrific detail.

The harsh light of the police station burns through my retinas, causing me to squint my way through the precinct as we ready ourselves for questioning. I'm weary, worn out from a constant river of tears, overwhelmed by the fact I can't go a month without slaughtering another human being, intentional or accidental.

A tall man with wiry hair and a police vest stares down at the five of us. "State your name and your version of the incident." He starts with Holden.

"Ethan Landon," Figures. Now, at the police station, he wants to use that name. He continues, "I was stuck in the snow and I heard screaming. When I looked up, her head was gone." He blinks a smile, causing the officer's ears to peak.

"And you?" He points over at Pierce.

"Pierce Kragger. Fell down. I saw the lift move, this guy fell over me. The next thing I know Skyla, here, has got this look of revenge on her face, and she's gunning for the blonde."

"I did not have the look of revenge on my face." OK, so maybe I did, but I was thinking of Chloe, trying to kick off my skis in an act of self-preservation. I would have broken my leg, a thousand times over, if I knew what the consequences would be. Then again, Marshall did all but call me a pawn.

"And you?" The officer gives a lazy nod in my direction.

"Skyla Messenger," I hesitate, "um, I felt the machine kick up a notch, and the next thing I knew it was speeding up. It all happened so fast. In fact, I'm not really sure what happened..." I let my words hang there. A hard knot damns up my throat.

"Gage Oliver. We rolled off to the side as soon as we could," he offers. "I went around and stopped the lift. The operator was passed out at the controls."

"That was quick thinking." He makes a note of this. "And you?"

"Natalie Coleman," she cuts a look in my direction before proceeding. "I know that what happened was a supposed accident but I feel like I owe it to my best friend to tell the whole truth."

She's going to spill about the haunted jewelry?

"Skyla and Kate were at it all week."

"What?" I spike up in my seat.

"My turn," she growls. "When I looked up, I saw Skyla laughing at us like she thought it was funny, then she got this look on her face like she was up to something. She pulled back her ski and thrust it right at Kate's face. I think she was trying to slice her, you know, to be mean, but still. Look what happened." She reclines in her seat with a ticked off look on her face.

"Liar," I say, disbelieving. "I have never been anything but friendly with Kate."

"I have three other witnesses that will vouch for what I'm saying," Nat continues, "also, she threatened my friend Michelle as we were leaving, saying she would end up dead like Kate if she wasn't careful."

"I was warning her," my fingers fly up to my lips. "Not about that, about something else." Shit!

The officer doesn't look amused. In fact, he looks horrifically pissed.

"You'll have to come back down, give a deposition," he nods over to me. "If any of this is true, you might want to acquire representation. Whether or not this was malicious needs to be addressed," he straightens the papers in front of him. "Your parents are outside ready to pick you up." He scowls at us in turn, as though, we were the exact representation of what's wrong with this world before gathering his things and leaving.

"How could you say that? You know it's not true." I'd reach over and shake her if Holden and Pierce weren't gloating besides her.

Then I decide to go for it anyway. I lunge over and dig my hands into her shoulders.

"She's in here, Lizbeth!" It's Tad. "She's attacking another one!"

Gage collapses both my arms to my side and plucks me off.

"It's OK, I've got you," his soothing tone relaxes me and for one delusional moment, I believe things might actually work themselves out.

The three of them clear the room. Holden yells to Tad that he's got a ride.

I can hear my mother shouting as she makes her way over, and I take one last moment with Gage to melt under the watchful eye of his navy gaze.

"Skyla!" Mom gives a guttural cry. I turn around to face her deep look of concern and Tad with his never-ending scowl of disapproval.

"I didn't kill anybody. I swear it was an accident."

"Oh, Hon!" Mom pulls me into a visceral hug. Her hair is sopping wet. Her bathrobe peers out from underneath her coat, letting me know that coming down to the police station to pick up her daughter was the last thing she planned on doing this evening. "Of course, it was an accident. Let's get you home and cleaned up. It's been a long, long week. We missed you."

"What about the dead girl's parents?" Tad quips. "They're going to miss her for a little longer than a week."

I blink, at him disbelieving. He's right. For the rest of my life, I'll hold up my achievements and failures to Kate's death like a measuring rod of morbidity. I'll think of her when I graduate from high school, college, on my wedding day, the day I give birth to my first child. All of those things I took away from her. I don't care what Marshall said about death waiting for her. My foot played an integral part of her not being here today or any other day for that matter.

"It really wasn't my fault," I plead with him to understand as much as I do myself.

"No, Skyla, it's never anyone's fault when someone gets their head severed off," he snaps, "but mark my words, we'll have a letter in the mail bright and early Monday morning, asking for the deed to our house. They're going to clean us out, lock, stock, and barrel, but you go ahead and nestle yourself in the fantasy that it's not your fault."

"Is that all you think about-money?"

"No, Skyla, but it's sure as hell what the rest of the world thinks about," his tirade continues, "trust you me, once they factor in the funeral cost and the fact they can hold someone else accountable for all the misery they're going through," he turns to leave the room then backtracks. "For once I truly wish to God, instead of riding around on some defunct ski lift you kids were locked in a room somewhere mating. At least then the causalities would be kept to a minimum, and the only lives you'd screw up, would be your own." He storms off down the hall.

Mom drops her head in her hands and groans.

Gage gives a kiss just above my ear and whispers, "Welcome home, Skyla."

Chapter Forty-Nine

Tiaras and Caskets

Days bleed by, long grey days that sleep in their own shadow. The sky quivers with light, trembles a baritone, warning every so often. It emancipates us from the sun, stretches out a blanket of darkness until there is no further delineation of day and night, just one long expanse of midnight-the black seascape of the ocean floating as a backdrop. Everything good has disposed itself-gone like Kate in the nebulous reserve.

Chloe is high on life, clear and sharp, even with that Fem infested ring on her finger. She glows in this murky environment, thrives on the rusted scent of earth as it bleeds up through the rain.

The funeral is short-simple, like Kate. The electricity in the church blinks on and off as though the very structure were mourning her loss. Candles are lit up and down the aisles with an explosion of flickering glory surrounding the glossy white casket. Two giant wreaths of flowers lie on either side of her like bookends. One is from her family and the other from mine. Mom and Tad have gone out of their way to pay extreme care to the situation. They've catered dinner to the Winston's home each night this week.

Kate's grieving mother could be her twin, twenty years her senior. Nat, Emily, Lexy, Michelle, and Chloe huddle in a circle of tears by her casket as a long procession of people wait to pay their final respects. I don't know how it's possible, but they've opted to have an open casket.

"You don't have to do this," Gage whispers in my ear as we wait our turn to pay respects.

Brielle turns around.

"I think you're doing the right thing. Just stick to your story that you were good friends," she winks before Drake pulls her back around.

"She winked at me," I whisper in disbelief. "It's like she doesn't believe me."

Gage looks past me over at Bree.

"She's confused. And by the way, her baby bump is showing."

I catch a glimpse of the frame of her body as she twists into Drake.

"You're right. I wonder when they're going to spill the news to Mom and Tad?"

"I don't know, but when they do, make sure to let me know. I plan on beaming myself over for the big event."

"Will do," I say as we fast approach the coffin.

Brielle and Drake go up first. Brielle coos into the casket as though she were talking to a baby.

Gage tugs at my hand, and we stand next to them, close to where Kate's head lies, her neck wrapped neatly in a scarf.

She looks peaceful, beautiful, with a crystal tiara pressed in her hair. Her makeup done as though she were going to prom. If she were Chloe, she might be, but she's not. She has no angelic blood whatsoever. She's simply dead and this kills me.

I press my hand up against the cool satin that lines the inside of the casket, give her a pat goodbye before walking away with Gage.

Chloe walks over unabashed by the fact Gage has his arm around me. She tugs him over to herself like reeling in a fish.

"Natalie is completely insane over the fact you've killed her best friend." Her teeth glisten under the glow of candlelight. "If I were you, I'd watch your back."

"And if I were you. I'd watch your back." I step away from the two of them, making my way towards the rear of the church.

"Skyla," Mom hisses, stepping away from a huddle of women. "That was really nice of you to pay your respects." She pulls me in, sniffling into my hair. "You're being very brave. I'm so proud. Are you just about ready to go?"

I look back at Gage, his hands safely tucked in his pockets. Chloe says something to Nat and gives an open laugh, but no one seems to notice or care.

I see Marshall on the periphery, speaking with Ms. Richards.

"Um, just one more second. I want to ask Mr. Dudley a quick question about class."

"Sure, take your time."

I cross the pews and head over to the other side of the church just as Ms. Richards heads out the door.

"Skyla," he greets.

"You should be ashamed of yourself," I hiss. "Do you see all the grief and devastation you've caused?"

"If memory serves correct, it was you who gave her the boot, quite literally."

"Is there any way to undo this?" I'm panicked by the finality of it all.

"No."

I look back down at Chloe. She's got her arm up over Gage, and she's buzzing away with conversation as though this were social hour at Ellis'. I'll never get rid of Chloe in this world.

"When can we start the faction war?" I ask winded. Just looking at her gets my adrenaline going a million miles an hour.

"The sooner to kill her with?"

"Or I can get you to transfer her to East," I'm hopeful.

"What fun would that be?"

"I can make it fun." The words struggle from my lips. I can't believe I'd be willing to whore myself out to Marshall just to push Chloe back another twenty miles on the island.

He examines me with a renewed interest.

"So you can."

"You would do this for me?"

"Is it going to change that much for you to have her at East?"

"Yes! I'd get Gage back, and we could drive to school together, spend lunch together-and not have to hide our relationship."

"What about me?"

"It's not like I'm exactly cuddling up with you in the halls."

"True."

"What's the price?"

"What does my favorite Celestra have to offer?"

"No wedding."

"I'll settle for the wedding night. For now."

I look over at Gage and purse my lips. This couldn't get any worse. Marshall said he saw us together in a vision anyway. Is that what he said? I'm so confused I can't remember.

"Look, I'll do it. Transfer Chloe to East, and consider it done." Why do I get the feeling I've just made a deal with a rather angelic devil?

His eyes light up with flames all their own. Marshall is intent on making this happen.

"Count the hours. She'll be gone tomorrow afternoon."

Chapter Fifty

Some Girls Don't

In the morning, I rush to get ready for school as the electricity keeps threatening to go out. Of course, if I couldn't dry my hair, Mom might keep me home, and that wouldn't be such a bad thing either. With me not there, Marshall evicting Chloe could go a whole lot smoother. Plus it'd be impossible to pin me with the blame.

Mia appears at the bathroom door and gives a courtesy knock as she makes her way inside. I turn off the blow dryer and head into my room to get my clothes ready for the day. I've been in a shitty mood ever since I hacked Kate's head off, so I'm not giving her my full attention.

"What do you want?" I ask, plowing through my drawers, looking for something decent to wear.

"Just wanted to know if you'll be getting your license anytime soon."

"Yup. I have a test scheduled for next week, and, yes, I have a car, and yes, I'll chauffeur you around the island, so you can go now." I love telling people what they want to hear even if I don't really mean it. Between Marshall and Mia I'm going to be an expert sociopath if I'm not already. Although, in Marshall's case, I'm afraid I'll have to follow through.

"Wow, I didn't expect you to be so accommodating."

"Yeah, well, I am. Aren't you lucky."

"So are kids giving you a hard time at school?" Her pale eyes widen as though she were genuinely concerned. "You know, about being with your teacher and snapping that girl's head off on the trip," she whispers the last part as though she weren't sure if I were ready to acknowledge what happened.

"No on both counts. It wasn't my fault. And I swear I liked Kate. I thought we were on our way to being better friends."

"So did you do it with that teacher yet?"

I glare over at her. I have no idea where this is going, but I'd sure like to throw her out the window before it gets there.

"No, I didn't do it with my teacher, not with Logan, not with Gage, not with anybody. Not that it's any of your damn business. What's the matter? Run out of blackmailing fuel?"

"I don't need any fuel. You're already giving me exactly what I want."

I straighten, examining her for clues.

"I just wanted to welcome you home, Skyla." She heads towards the door. "That's what sisters do."

***

Downstairs the air is thick with the scent of bacon, albeit of the processed turkey variety, and eggs. Mom has a buffet spread out over the kitchen island, and both Drake and Holden have already consumed half the feast.

"I overheard something yesterday that disturbed me," Tad starts in low before scanning the room for Mia and Melissa.

I know this involves me. If this in no way involves me, I'm going to stick my tongue in the toaster and turn it on.

"Well?" Mom comes in close, taking a seat at the counter.

"I heard you boys talking about room privileges on the trip, something about each roommate having a night to himself with the guest of his choice."

I can't tell whether Tad is lauding them or about to rip them a new one.

"Don't look at me, it wasn't my room." Drake ducks down low before shoveling in more eggs.

"I confess. It was my room." Holden beams a smile over at me. His hair is neatly combed back. He's wearing a yellow dress shirt with a gold tie and a pullover on top of that. He's the epitome of the perfect preppy schoolboy.

I try to busy myself by pulling the butter and jelly out of the fridge because already I know this isn't going to end well.

"So, you get any real action?" Tad jostles the conversation along as though he means it.

"Oh, God, yes." Holden belches for effect. "Just ask Skyla, she was there practically all week. One night with Ellis, then there was Logan's night, Gage, I even took a turn, isn't that right, Sis?"

"Holy crow." Tad slams his palms flat against the counter. "Are you shitting me?"

I have never heard Tad curse before, or at least, that I can remember, and for sure it wasn't because of me. OK, so if he did, it probably was, but that's beside the point.

"Skyla?" Mom's voice rises in clear pitch.

"I don't deny it." I'm going to beat Holden at his own game. I'm no longer going to bow down and lick the feet of my psychological captures. I'm going to fight fire with fire even if it makes me look like a-

"You're a slut!" Mia comes out of hiding from the family room. Tears spark in the corner of her eyes and she looks darn right pissed. "Everybody says it, but I didn't believe them." She pushes me off balance. "I defended you!"

I know this is the part where I should revoke what I said. Vouch my love for Gage and run like hell upstairs, but I don't. I just sit there, seething over at Holden because, yet again, he won.

"So it's true?" Mom circles over to me, completely puzzled.

"It's not what you think. I'm just friends with Ellis and Holden," I give the sarcastic inflection when I say his name because that's a blatant lie. "Logan, too," him, I add as an afterthought because I'm not entirely sure we're friends.

"And what went on with Gage that night? The PG version please." Tad conveys his ill temper over in my direction.

"I kissed him. A lot." I cut a look to Mom. "That's the God's honest truth. Nothing more, nothing less."

"And that teacher?" Mia prods into me with her finger.

It feels so good to spew the truth for once I just keep doing it. It's like I'm on a downhill course with no brakes after a long arduous climb that I thought would never end.

"I ate some of my meals with him in the cafeteria." I said I liked telling the truth, I'm not freaking insane.

Mom's entire person sags with relief.

"So, alright everyone, enough gawking into Skyla's love life. I believe you, Honey." She penetrates me with a stare. "I'm with you one hundred percent. I'm on your side, baby, don't you forget it."

Mia and Melissa each grab a plate, ignoring the fallout. Tad mulls the situation and whispers something over to both Holden and Drake. I don't really care if they are talking about me. What's really important is that for the first time in a long while, I really feel as though Mom has my back.

"Um, what are you doing later?" I ask her in secret.

"I don't know. Looking over some files for Althorpe. I have an account I'm working on for a friend."

"That friend wouldn't happen to be Demetri, would it?"

"It would. He's thinking of going into private investigations since it might take years for an opening." She averts her eyes to the ceiling as though she knew I wouldn't approve. God-if it were anybody else, maybe I would.

"Anyway, I thought it might be a good time for you and me to talk. There are some things I've been meaning to tell you," I say.

"Sure. We could go for coffee."

"I was thinking up in my room sometime." It's harder to take your mom on a light drive in a coffee house full of people.

"OK, I'll bring the coffee to you." She relaxes her hand over my hair and pinches my cheek. "You're still my baby girl, you know that?"

I give a little smile and catch her gaze.

"Am I?"

Chapter Fifty-One

Covenant

Second period rolls around, and Chloe is still breathing and taking up space at West. I'm highly disappointed in Marshall. In fact, I'm starting to wonder if our entire arrangement is all that enticing to him to begin with. He plays out a wedding night on command with whomever he wishes. Certainly being entertained by me can't be that big of a deal.

I look over at Chloe sitting there with a bright red sweater-equally obnoxious lipstick to match. She looks content jotting down notes, secure with Gage sitting behind her.

He looks over at me, in all of his midnight splendor. He bites into his lip as if to ask the question, what's on my mind. Really this arrangement isn't so bad. Gage is coming over tonight. Chloe can't keep us apart in that respect. She can't change the fact we're a couple no matter how many social situations she tweaks. I think I'll wait until after class to tell Marshall the deal is off. Besides, if I ever had to tell Gage that I slept with Marshall, in an effort to save our relationship, it just might end it.

"Ms. Messenger?" Marshall straightens at the board, taps at a series of equations.

"Yes?" I straighten in my seat.

"How did I arrive at the answer?"

I have no idea how he arrived at the answer. If Gage were behind me, I could touch him and he could relay to me how these hieroglyphics came to be, but no, Chloe had to go and ruin that, too.

"Um, I think..." No use pretending. "I'm sorry, could you explain it again?"

"I've spent the last twenty five minutes exhorting in laborious detail an elaborate explanation. I've even gone so far as to use metaphors from modern history to help aid in memorization," his jaw tightens in defeat, "but for you, I'm more than happy to comply." He speeds into a quick summary, swift as an auctioneer. When he's through, he pauses to leer over at me with a maniacal smile. "How did I do?"

"Excellent as usual." I'd better butter him up on all fronts in the event he really was looking forward to our sexual soiree.

"That's right," he slaps the yardstick hard against his palm as he takes a step forward. "I can do it longer, stronger, faster, better than anyone in this room," he pierces me with his appetite as though his words were aphrodisiacs.

A circle of gasps filter through the class. Half of the students twist their necks in an effort to look at Gage as though somehow this were a direct dig at his libido, which it totally freaking is.

"Yes, Mr. Dudley," I say it clear and curt in the event he's not apprised of how well he has managed to piss me off in the process. "You seem to understand numbers better than most people." I mouth the word most.

I'm looking forward to our new arrangement, Ms. Messenger, he sneers with satisfaction.

Marshall distributes papers from last week's pop quiz. Mine is retuned with an A+ and a smiley face alongside it. Down below, six of the problems are marked as wrong.

Shit. I've already started reaping the benefits of an arrangement I have no intent on keeping. Poor Kate had her head severed, and I'm going to have other geographical areas displaced, I can just feel it.

Once the bell rings and Chloe exits with Gage, I hang out an extra minute until most of the student body has bled into the hall.

"Hey," I lean up against his desk, and he beams a smile up at me from his seat.

"Here to thank me for your letter grade? No need."

"No, actually, I'm here to let you know that you can change it back to a C."

"It was a D, Skyla."

Oh.

"What's this about?" He exhales with frustration.

"I changed my mind about the whole send Chloe to East thing."

"Too late, the wheels of fate have been set in motion. We have arrived at the point of no return."

"You're a Sector, you can stop it. You can do anything." I'm not above placating.

"If I'm so all powerful then why can't I get you to do my bidding?"

"Just," I choke, "if you could cancel whatever it is you've cooked up to get Chloe expelled, I'd really appreciate it."

"You've entered into a covenant with me. It's not up for negotiation." He returns his attention back to his papers. He pulls my homework assignment out, scribbles a giant letter A that takes up most of the page, and manufactures a grin.

Shit.

"Skyla?" Logan echoes my name from across the room, so I go over.

He bows into me with a forlorn expression. "Can I talk to you outside a minute?"

***

Fog weaves in and out of the landscape at West Paragon, sealing itself over everything thick as wax paper. The day spools out lengthy and unknowable like some long forgotten dream. Who knows what method of extermination Marshall is going to use to get Chloe excommunicated from West forever? Hanging, electrocution? I'm not that lucky. I should have known this was a bad idea right from the beginning.

"What can I help you with?" I ask, full with sarcasm. God knows I can't help anyone with anything. I can make things worse, possibly disastrous, and apparently I'm more than capable of carrying out a decapitation or two.

He leads me over behind the English building. Its walls are infiltrated with thick cord-like vines, nothing but ivy climbing up the back. It almost makes you believe the building were organic, something derived from nature, not the brick and mortar structure it really is.

"I just," he shrugs, glancing down at the ground, "saw you talking to Dudley."

"And you didn't approve?" I'm amused at the parental slash boyfriend role Logan continues to play. Obviously his delusions keep him going.

"No, I'll never approve." He locks me into a strangled gaze. "Look, I overheard you at the bus when we were leaving the mountains. I was holding onto your jacket and you were thinking about sleeping with Dudley in exchange for getting rid of Chloe."

I take in a breath and hold it. I'm not sure if this eavesdropping is entirely Logan's fault. I've forgotten so many times that he can hear me, and now that he's gone super Count on me, I'm not surprised that he's able to hear me even without touching my flesh.

"So, being a hybrid you can do all sorts of neat tricks."

"It's a new skill I've acquired after entering the enemy camp. I'm still with you though. I'll always be on your side. I would give my life to knock the Counts out of power," he pauses, "I'll be forced to fight with them during the faction war."

"That was probably the plan all along."

"Not true. I hope you believe me. I'll be briefing you and Gage, arming you with valuable information that could save you, and you'll win the war-we will. We have to."

"And what do you think they're going to do to you once they find out you're playing both sides?"

"They won't-they can't."

I shake my head. If he's playing me, and he knows what I'm about to do and how I'm going to do it, he could revert power back to the Fems in a heartbeat. I'll never be able to tell him anything. For the first time, I'm filled with relief that Gage doesn't trust him. It bothered me at first, saddened me, but I'm over that now.

"Listen, I gotta go," I sway on my heels. "You don't need to worry about me sleeping with Marshall. I've asked him to cancel our little agreement."

"Will he?"

"I guess that remains to be seen." I'm pretty sure he won't, but I'd rather be in Spanish than out here, debating morals with someone who thinks pledging allegiance to the enemy is a great idea.

"I'm going to see your dad again," he says.

"Go ahead, I won't be going with you this time."

Nevermore swoops down from out of the branches and lands on the fence that barricades us from the woods. He lets out a series of cries before settling next to me.

"Nev." I go over to him. "Sorry about what happened," I say out loud before placing my hand up over his back.

Your heart was pure.

I'm filed with relief. I thought for sure, Nev would be ticked to say the least after that whole Ezrina incident. He had an eyeball in his beak for God's sake. I really should be thanking him for coming to protect me from the evil Count standing beside me.

Logan places his hand next to mine. The heat from his body radiates over, paralyzes me. I can't understand why I desire his touch after everything he's put me through.

The justice alliance requires your presence at three o'clock this afternoon-the both of you. Nev twitches from me to Logan.

"I have cheer," it speeds out of me.

"I've got practice. And we both have a shift after at the bowling alley."

Meet at a secluded location at the appointed time. I'm to escort you myself. This is not an optional event. Should you choose to forgo the invitation, your powers will be permanently revoked.

Nev takes off skyward, spearing through vapors until his ebony impression dissolves completely.

"I guess we're going to justice alliance." Logan expands his chest as though he were getting ready for battle.

"What did Nev mean, we could lose our powers? I didn't think that was possible."

"Anything is possible." He looks off in the distance. "I'm not going to be here the rest of the afternoon. I'll meet you in the parking lot."

"Light driving?"

"Yes," he doesn't hesitate with the answer.

"Are you going to the future?"

He doesn't say anything, just circles my face with great sadness as though he were about to do something that he was already regretting.

"I'll meet you in the parking lot," I speed off towards class.

Maybe the justice alliance should be apprised of the fact Logan Oliver can't be trusted.

If anyone deserves to have their powers revoked, it's him.

Chapter Fifty-Two

Don't Let the Door Hit You

Sixth period arrives without incident.

A stream of clouds, long and dark as caskets threaten us with a downpour, but not even a sprinkle falls to earth. It's odd, unusual. A rather strange weather phenomenon, and I wonder if Marshall has anything to do with this.

"What's the matter with you?" Brielle knocks into my shoulder playfully.

"Nothing."

"You're so edgy today."

"I'm taking my driver's test later this week. So, when are you and Drake going to spill the news?" I point over at the noticeable lump beneath her sweatshirt.

"Soon, I guess. His birthday is next weekend. I guess that's a good day to do it. He mentioned something about his dad wanting to take us all out to dinner."

"He's going to have a heart attack." I can't help but smile a little. The only ray of sunshine in my day, and it involves Tad croaking. I'm a horrible person.

"He seemed pretty OK with it when he thought it was you," she shrugs.

"That's because he thought it was me. Does your mom know?"

"Oh, she's known from the beginning. At first she was like, what? But now she's bringing home baby clothes by the bagful."

"That's nice, I guess."

"So, I was thinking. You know how like babies sleep in this tiny little thing before they get into a crib? How awesome would it be to have a tiny little coffin? You think I can buy one off Gage's dad?"

"God-that's so freaking sick!"

"It's not sick, it's custom. This little kid is going to be badass."

"As in badass, Count?" The terms bad and Count, seem to go hand in hand.

"Anyway, there's another meeting coming up. You gonna show up uninvited again?" She pushes my foot in with hers and gives a little laugh.

"Same place?"

"Yup, New Moon festival. I guess it's not your thing, and all, but I thought if you wanted front row seats, I could at least give you the heads up."

"Oh, right." I look over her face-study her nervous smile. Could Brielle be trying to lure me there? Why would I want a front row seat?

Chloe calls for us to get into groups.

"Can't wait for the big announcement," I revert my eyes to her stomach. "I'll ask Gage about the coffin."

"Great!" She dusts off her bottom and heads over to Nat who's standing there helpless. Brielle announces she'll be bowing out of the competition because she'll be too big to do it anyway, so Nat pairs up with Michelle.

"Let's go Messenger," Chloe barks.

I hop up and head over.

"You've got a lot of nerve killing Kate like that," Chloe huffs into me with a challenge. "If we lose the all state competition, I want you to know, the next head that's gonna roll is yours."

"Is that all she was to you? A body to fill a void so you can reclaim your cheer-bot status at all state?"

"She wasn't just a body, Skyla. You are just a body. She actually knew what she was doing with mechanical precision that could only be quantified as skill. Something, I might add, you sorely lack. To make it brief and simple for that little blonde head of yours, she was good. You suck. Get it?"

"Yeah, I get it." I catch Brielle waving to me from the benches, and I raise my fingers in her direction. "So, you going to the big New Moon festival coming up?"

Chloe snaps her neck over at me as though I've caught her off guard.

"What's it to you?"

"Nothing, I just thought you were a Celestra, that's all. I guess you're a turncoat like Logan. It makes perfect sense, I mean you were at the stone of death that day I accidentally ended up there."

"Accidentally?" She balks at the prospect. "Dear stupid, Skyla. Let me be the one to inform you, with pleasure, that nothing happens by accident anymore in your world. You are a puppet of the highest order." She pokes her finger hard into my chest.

Marshall strides onto the field and heads over towards Ms. Richards.

Something is about to happen-I can feel it. Maybe Chloe is going to attempt to beat the crap out of me and he'll forcibly remove her from my person.

"I guess you're right," I say. "But I guess that goes for you, too. You're being used. Your destiny is being guided, or should I say misguided just like the rest of us. You'll never get what you really want because Gage is mine, and he always will be."

Chloe takes the bait, knocking me back onto the lawn with one ferocious push. She lands on my stomach with all her weight until I think my spinal cord has snapped from the impact.

I can't breathe. Something cold and heavy lands on my chest. Chloe picks it up and marvels at it before I can properly access what it is. She gawks at it as though it appeared from nowhere.

It's the spirit sword. Shit!

She raises it over me with a smug look of satisfaction.

Marshall lifts her up by the shoulder, snatching the blade from her hand.

"Chloe!" Ms. Richards shouts. "You know we have a zero tolerance policy when it comes to weapons."

"I'll escort Ms. Bishop to Principal Rice immediately," Marshall gives a sly smile in my direction.

"It's not mine!" Chloe pulls away from Marshall in one aggressive maneuver. "It's Messenger's."

"It's not mine." Technically Gage is the one who's been housing it. Unless, of course, it's Marshall's, and judging by the fact both he and the sword mysteriously appeared on the field simultaneously, I'm betting it's his.

"You were aiming it right at her chest after you knocked her to the ground. I saw the whole thing," Ms. Richards covers her face with her hand.

"I swear I don't know where it came from. It belongs to Messenger."

"We'll test your defense with the administration," Marshall offers, trying to coax her along.

"Skyla, did you feel threatened by Chloe?" Ms. Richards desperately wants to find a ray of light, still holding out hope for that coveted all state trophy.

"No," I look nervously to Marshall. If Chloe is expelled, I'll be expected to perform, and I'm not talking all state.

"It's too bad that you're so afraid of Ms. Bishop that you feel the need to lie to preserve your safety," Marshall grabs Chloe by the wrist.

I know Skyla's afraid, but we made a deal, and she's going to uphold her end of the bargain. I'll be gentle with her-or not. He gives a devious smile in my direction. Clearly he wanted Chloe to hear those things.

Chloe's mouth falls open at the revelation.

Holy freaking shit. He's like a loose cannon.

Chloe steps forward. She holds out her hand as though offering a peace treaty.

"I'm really sorry."

I shake her hand, waiting for the verbal assault.

I'm impressed with what lengths you've taken to get rid of me. Employing your Sector friend to do your dirty work? And what, pray tell, does he plan on being gentle with? Do I dare guess? I'll be sure to go over the possibilities later with Gage.

I watch as Marshall takes her off the field.

That good time ended all too quickly.

Chapter Fifty-Three

Justice for All

Nevermore sits atop Logan's shoulder when I finally locate him near the back of the parking lot. I managed to avoid Gage on the way over-afraid I might spill about Chloe or the fact that I have to take off because I'm going on a light drive with Logan. I'm not even sure if this qualifies as a light drive since time is of no value where we're going. With my luck, fifty years will have passed by the time we get back. That's probably part of the punishment. How would I explain that to my mom? That's a million times worse than having a time bomb in your belly that morphs into a baby in nine months. I'm almost envious of Brielle and her oh, so humanlike problems. Why am I always the one with supernatural entities that demand my attention? I'd love to blame Logan for all my troubles-Logan, who dragged me into that whole shoot 'em up with a high-powered weapon fiasco. And now we're going to pay. Big time.

Nev hops over to my shoulder.

"Nice try traitor," I say, sarcastically.

The boy is enamored with you. Nevermore expands his wings as though he were saluting our love.

"The feelings are not reciprocated."

Hold hands and make nice. We're going for a little ride, he instructs.

I take up Logan's hand without asking, and the world fades to black.

***

Lights flicker-a rainbow quivers then retracts.

Logan and I appear sitting on a thick blue lawn-blades thick as fingers. A breath gets caught in my throat as I take in the beauty around us. A bold cobalt sky, an effervescent light shines like a mist, exposing a lush green cliff with a waterfall. Behind that, in the distance, sits another cliff-side with its own sparkling fall. It gives a two-tiered effect, as both empty into a stunning lake below.

"So beautiful," I'm still holding Logan's hand as I point over to it.

"Ahava," he exhales the name.

There's a light feeling in the air, as though instinctually I know we're safe, that no harm can come to us here.

"You've been here?" I turn to look at him. "Is this where your supervising spirit takes you?"

"Briefly."

"So you're memorizing the lay of the land." I'm glad. I'd rather have Logan's help, albeit questionable at times. I'd love to leave Marshall's tongue out of the equation for once. Just the thought of the wheels I've put into motion make my head want to explode. I've already let Chloe win by putting my relationship with Gage on the line so haphazardly.

"The faction war is fought outside these walls. You have a long way to go and many Counts to remove before you can ever hope to set foot here again."

"You know everything." I take in his subtle gray highlights, the crows feet evenly dispersed on either side. I pull his hand over to me and study it, white as a leopard. Logan's light drives have been well documented by the inter-dimensional passport stamped on the back of his hand-nothing but bleached flesh. "You're never honest with me, and you're always one step ahead of the game. How could you ever expect me to trust you?" I mean it from the deepest part of me. On some level, I wish I had old Logan back, even if he was just a delusion.

"I wasn't a delusion. And I promise, I'm still fighting this war for us, Skyla."

"Maybe this is a good time to remind you-I'm marrying Gage, and you've switched sides."

"You don't have to remind me. I'm reminded every day."

"If you tell me everything, Logan, and I mean everything," I let the words trail, "we can be a team again." Heat rises to my cheeks. It feels safe to admit my feelings to him here, the most beautiful place I've ever seen.

"You still love me," he exhales a breath as though he were holding it forever.

I look down a moment, still afraid to admit it. "Start from the beginning." I want to know him from the inside out. Logan has become a blank canvas. I desperately want to see the picture of what he's become, who he's been all along. I want all of the details of how he grafted himself onto the enemy in the name of our love.

"I can't tell you," his eyes glitter as he shakes his head.

I take back my hand.

"Sometimes, I wish I never knew you, Logan."

The sky darkens. A mass of smoky clouds pulls across the sky, angry and boiling. The temperature drops, and the grass below our feet frosts over.

My teeth begin to chatter. Logan pulls me in and warms my arm with his hand. A loud noise shreds through the air. The atmosphere screams and vibrates as if it were sawing itself in half. Four figures appear, standing over the lake. They each take a seat on a chair that's either too small to see or simply isn't there. One of the four is my mother. Her smile renews the joy in this newly desolate place, warms me from the inside until I no longer need Logan wrapped around me like a sheath. The man to her right has long black hair and wears an eye patch. He looks vaguely familiar until it clicks.

"He's the one who started the war in my name," I whisper mostly to myself. "Chloe has his eye."

The other two are exceptionally good-looking men, bereft of any flaw, with wings so large they conceal the waterfalls behind them. That's what Marshall would look like if he had wings-sublime in every way.

My mother smiles. "We can hear your thoughts, Skyla," she says it with the required benevolence necessary for someone in her esteemed position. "Look to the heavens. What do you see?"

A brilliant light appears. I turn into Logan's chest as though I might be blinded by the initial flash.

"It's OK," he whispers.

I look up with caution. An image appears-an eagle with the chest of a man.

"It's from my vision," I mean from the crazy hallucination I had when I swallowed Michelle's rose, but I leave that part out. The image morphs into an ox with a chest of man. This one looks scary, far more menacing than the bird-and finally, a lion with a human body. He clutches something in his hand. It looks like fire, as if he were holding something impossible in his fingers, yet it doesn't burn him.

Logan wraps both arms around me, inhaling the scent of my hair from behind. I can feel his need to consume me. He's chiseled out a crater in his existence that only I can fill. It feels dangerous like this with Logan.

"One more," my mother redirects my attention skyward.

"It's me." I say, plainly. I stare up at myself, radiant and glowing, just like the vision Marshall gave me a while back. I still can't believe that I could ever look that beautiful. It's celestial photoshopping at its best.

"You're beautiful." Logan breathes the words out like a melody.

"What does any of that mean?" I look at the council seated before us.

"It is the allegory of your future." My mother rises. "I'm going to share it with you now."

Chapter Fifty-Four

The Powers That Be

"The eagle is your protector on this journey," my mother's voice booms clear and high, like hitting the edge of a fine crystal glass with a knife. "The ox is representative of hard service, a laborer on your behalf," she pauses, evaluating me as I anticipate her description of Logan the lying lion. "Yes, Skyla, Logan is the lion. Would you like to try to guess his role?"

"One who deceives through false leadership?" I'm fairly certain of this.

I hear a gasp come from behind. I turn around to see Giselle seated on a boulder not too far away.

"No," my mother corrects, "the lion, Skyla, represents power. If you're not careful, it can devour you."

"So it's true. I can't trust him."

His hands secure to my waist, hard, like claws that have adhered to my clothing.

"Trust is a word humans dangle in front of one another as a threat to get what they want. Trust only your heart."

I don't want to offend her, but she's really good at the nebulous circle talk.

"No offense taken. Shall we move on with the proceedings?" She collapses a gavel on an invisible surface that sends an explosion of sound reverberating through my bones. "Barbaric actions were displayed by the two of you. I admonish the use of such savage instruments. Furthermore, I don't approve of going against the protocol of the faction leaders. What made you decide to proceed with your own unique brand of justice?"

If Gage were here, I'd absorb the blame, after all it does belong to me.

I bring my fingers up to my lips. I didn't mean to drag Gage into this.

"Gage is exempt for now," my mother drills into me. "The spirit sword is an approved means of warfare. Do you understand that, Logan? It was wrong for you to initiate the torment you did."

"He's one of them now," I was going to think it anyway, and besides, they must already know he's a Count.

The man with an eye patch gurgles out a laugh that sounds like thunder. I remember his name, Rothello.

"Logan," he growls out his name, "has cast his lot into the realm of the Countenance. We shall see how long he lasts, how far his devotion is willing to take him." He bares his teeth just this side of a smile. Something about him reminds me of Pierce.

"The punishment for disregard of any ruling made by the faction council is steep," my mother continues. "Your actions resulted in the removing of a dozen Countenance souls from the planet. The court has taken into consideration the fact it was done out of love and ignorance to sanctions. It is with great mercy the punishment shall be carried out at a later date. It will be presented in stages during the faction war. Please, keep in mind the faction councils are in place to direct your steps-adhere to their guidelines." The gavel goes off once again, sending a blast of finality right through my chest.

"Wait," I protest. "The faction council wasn't going to do anything to avenge those Celestra deaths. If the Counts were dealt with blow-by-blow from the beginning, this never would have escalated, and my father-your husband wouldn't have had to burn. You can't say that I was unjustified. The faction council was wrong."

Their eyes sharpen on mine. Anger emanates off the two bookends that resemble Marshall, thick and palpable

"That may be, Skyla," my mother's tone hardens, "but nevertheless, the chain of command is to be obeyed. If you recognize a crack in the foundation of the council's ability to lead, then I suggest you pay careful attention to what I'm about to tell you."

A circle of lightning, flares above the lake like a wreath. It sizzles unnaturally. A peal of thunder crackles overhead so loud it sends me seeking shelter in Logan's arms.

"The faction war is propagated by the Fems and the Sectors," my mother's hair flies back as though a very strong wind washed over. "It will be decided by the one who can retrieve the sword of the Master from the arc secured beneath the sacred falls." A red glow shimmers from deep inside the first waterfall orienting me to its whereabouts. "Draw the sword and the elders will appear guiding you to the finish. If a Celestra prospers, the Sectors will enjoy victory, and Celestra numbers will eventually be restored. They will rule the earth's domain and the Sectors the ethereal plane."

"And if the Counts retrieve the sword, the Fems take over," Logan sighs into my neck.

"There will be an overseer established amongst the earthly realm," my mother continues, "one that will have the power to overrule faction council decisions if one so desires. Much power will be given to the victor who claims the sword."

"Every Celestra and Count on the planet is going to try and get that sword," I say. "The species will practically extinct themselves in a power grab. And what about Noster, Deorsum, and Levatio? Wouldn't they want to throw their hat into the ring?"

"No, Skyla," my mother corrects. "The Fems and the Sectors have selected their allies. The other factions are not eligible to stand supreme. Understand the Counts are just as motivated as the Fems to steal what is rightfully yours. As it stands now, only the most pure of any faction is eligible to grasp the title."

"That's me?"

"That's you."

I still believe in my heart that the faction council was wrong for not going after those Counts. If I had the title, I would have had the power to veto their decision.

"With much power comes much responsibility," Rothello rasps. "I trust you will carefully weigh your decisions without jumping into anything." He scoffs as though it were a joke. As though I would never be capable of such a feat.

"Logan," my mother calls to him, "should anything happen to Skyla, your allegiance to the Countenance excludes you from claiming what could have been rightfully yours through Celestra."

Her words sear an impenetrable chasm between Logan and me. It feels as though our love fell down an unimaginably deep well, left to drown with no hope of rescue.

"He claims to be a spy," I offer. I should be dumbfounded by the fact I'm trying to aid him, really I should take the opportunity to cut him off at the knees in the event he really is the enemy.

"Nevertheless, he belongs to Countenance," Rothello rubs his fingers in the air as if he had something to gain from the arrangement.

I examine Logan in this dim setting. Sparks of lightning fracture above the lake at regular intervals, highlighting then detracting from his features.

"I have a request," my voice quivers.

"Ask me within reason, and I'll carry out your wishes." My mother lifts her chin in anticipation.

"I want you to revoke his Celestra powers."

Chapter Fifty-Five

In a Bind

Once the celestial reprimanding is over, my mother returns me to the butterfly room. Immediately, I send a frenzied text to Gage.

My cell says it's a little after seven, and I'm still shaking from the out of this world experience I've just had. Everything in me quivers as though I had somehow harnessed the power of Marshall's feel good vibrations, minus the feel good part.

Gage texts back. I'm on my way.

I wait for Gage to appear beside me or on the ceiling or even come through the transom, but nothing.

Please hurry. I really need you. ~S

Something's wrong. I'll have to drive.

***

Logan's cologne clings to me like a ghost, so I change my sweater before running downstairs. The last thing I want is to ruin my time with Gage by way of Logan's scent.

"Look who decided to pop in?" Tad announces as he and Mom dry dishes at the sink.

"I went straight upstairs after school. I must have fallen asleep," I say.

"I checked your room." Mom tosses down her dishtowel, clearly annoyed with the lie.

"In the closet-I fell asleep in the closet." Shit. The last thing I want to do is out the butterfly room. I can only imagine Tad's glee while plucking hundreds of fragile wings off the wall.

Mom gives a sharp nod and walks over. She runs her hand over my hair, combs it out with her fingers.

"You were upset," Mom sighs as though she's aware of the situation.

"I was." I try not to let it sound like the question it truly is.

"Mr. Dudley called. He informed us of what that girl did to you today."

"With a knife she swears was yours," Tad is quick to interject.

"It wasn't," I shake my head completely oriented to the conversation.

"I don't want you to worry about it," Mom presses her cool fingers against my cheek. "She was expelled. She's not going to bother you anymore, I promise." She cradles my chin in her hand and wags me gently. I wish my mother's promises had the power to back up their claim.

The doorbell rings.

"Let's see if that's Ethan," Tad shakes his head, making his way to the door. "Although, I don't know why it would be. He might spontaneously combust if he gets in before eleven." Tad's disgust with his faux son is palpable. Maybe Tad will kill him and Holden will be gone forever? Or better yet, maybe he can stick around and haunt Tad just for kicks.

The door swings open. A pale face shoots out from a dark cloak. Gage pulls back the hood of his sweatshirt and beams a smile in my direction. That smile has the power to kill. I could die happy every day as he slays me with it.

"What do you want?" Despite the violent downpour outside, Tad doesn't let him in.

"Gage!" My mother pushes Tad aside, escorting him inside. "It's so crazy out there. Can I get some hot chocolate for you?"

"That'd be great," Gage says while trying to dissect my expression.

"We have a huge history test this Friday. We'll be upstairs." I try to grab Gage by the hand, but Tad catches my wrist midflight.

"Not so fast," he looks from me to Gage. "We're keeping it chaste tonight. You can study at the kitchen table." Like they even know what it means.

This is the first time I've heard anything rolling around in Tad's useless brain. Come to think of it, it's the first time Tad has ever touched me.

Tad lets go and cinches his hand up to his chest as if he just scalded himself on my flesh.

Does he know I can hear him?

Mom leads us back to the kitchen. Gage dutifully brought his backpack and neatly crammed inside for added effect a book, wrong book, but a book.

"Thought you said it was a history test?" Mom eyes the alternating numbers and letters on the page, displayed spastic like ants at a picnic.

"I meant Algebra Two. I'm still shaken up about this afternoon." I clasp onto Gage, look up at him like a maiden in distress.

"In that case, I'll make you both some hot chocolate."

Drake wanders in. He looks unsteady and disheveled, smells like a brewery.

"What the hell has gotten into you?" Tad places his Althorpe paperwork back on the counter.

"About a six pack," Drake gives a combination hiccup plus dry heave.

Tad and Mom exchange glances. "Where'd you get it?" Tad's hand slap against the table so hard it bounces shut the cover of the math book.

"Big bro's got me covered," he lets out a belch that rivals the thunder detonating outside.

Tad seethes at the sight of Drake. He wasn't that great before, but at least he was sober. Usually.

"Get to bed." Tad calmly picks up his documents, sorts through them as if he were fine with the situation, as if the entire scene had played out a thousand times before.

"That's it? Get to bed?" I'm stunned by his nonchalant behavior. "What about making him sign some ridiculous agreement-making him promise to abstain from alcohol on all fronts including cough syrup and mouthwash? And what about keeping his zipper up?" Although, it's too late for that one.

Maybe let it slide, or he might chase me out the door. Gage gives my hand a slight squeeze.

I give a disgruntled nod as Drake stomps upstairs.

"Guess he's not picking up Mia and Melissa," Mom quips.

"Nope," Tad confirms. "That's what these two are for." He doesn't bother to look up from his paperwork.

Logan mentioned he had his powers revoked, Gage gives a look of concern before breaking out into a killer grin. I would have done the same thing.

"I know, right?" I whisper. "Since he won't tell me anything I can't completely trust him."

Tad stops rustling his files long enough to observe us from over his lenses.

"Mr. Dudley-he likes to surprise us with what's on the quiz," Gage is quick with the cover.

Logan said the faction council will get an overseer. That it's going to be you, Skyla.

"If we pass the test," I say it so low I practically mouth the words.

We're going to win. There are no alternatives.

"I hope we can win, with both Chloe and Logan working against us. They can beat our score," I say, shooting a dirty look over to Tad who is so obviously, and rudely, listening in on our lopsided conversation. "We're mathletes," I say to quell his burgeoning curiosity.

He buries his nose in his work again uninterested in my explanation.

"He tell you Giselle was there?" Oh, how I wish it were Gage with me. Of course, not sitting next to me in the hot seat-simply with me.

Gage nods. You don't think Logan wants to rule the Counts, do you? He looks doubtful this could even be the case.

"That's impossible. He's not eligible, is he?"

I think it's safe to eject the word impossible out of our vocabulary.

"I guess he would if he thought it could help us, in some twisted way," I say. "Or maybe he's just that evil?" The last statement surprises even me. What if Logan's thirst for power includes the supreme seat of justice for the Nephilim people? Now that he knows he'll never have me, maybe ruling as a Count is the next best appealing option. God-I've turned him into a super villain. "So you know about Chloe and school?" I whisper.

She's already enrolled at East. He rubs my palm with his thumb as his expression sours. And so am I.

Chapter Fifty-Six

Terms of Agreement

I let out a guttural cry that lands me in tears the second it extinguishes itself.

"What the hell was that?" Tad leaps up, sends his chair flying backwards in the process.

Mom spills hot chocolate all over her hands, and large splats land on the floor by her feet. If I could've controlled my response I would have.

"She just found out the quiz is tomorrow and not on Friday." Gage nods as though it were gospel.

"Skyla! You need to learn to relax about these things," Mom barks it out as she places the remainder of our drinks in front of us. "Lord knows I wasn't the best student. I didn't score an A on every single test. Sometimes I wonder if I'm raising a bunch of overachievers."

"Funny," Tad scoffs, "I thought that was my problem-turns out they're stuck on stupid. The penitentiary seems more likely than med school."

I take a breath and push the math book away. The sheer presence of the text offends me as though it were Marshall himself. How dare he send Gage to East.

"I think we'll go pick up Mia and Melissa now," I offer.

"Good idea," Mom leans her head towards the kitchen window. "Take it slow on those roads. It's raining sledgehammers out there."

"We'll be all right," I say, leading Gage towards the door.

I can't say the same for Marshall.

***

I have Gage pull over just around the corner, so we can be alone, and I eject myself from the seat and jump into his lap.

"Speak," I whisper as I close my eyes. I need to know why the hell he's enrolled himself at East.

"I had to confess to owning the knife in hopes of getting it back, but Dudley confiscated it and expelled me as fast as he did Chloe."

"Crap." I lean my head into his chest, defeated.

The windows cloud over with a thin film of perspiration, concealing us from the rest of the world. I wish we could live in this bubble forever, have some magical shield protecting us from life whenever we want it to.

Gage twirls his fingers through my hair, peppering me with barely there kisses.

"There's a binding spirit around your house, Skyla. I can't teleport myself over there anymore," he says it slow as though it were the most morbid fact in the world.

I want nothing more than to evict all of the sorrow from this moment. It's in the sorrow, the never-ending bloom of pain that allows the enemy to win. Their prize lies in our defeat.

I turn my head up, close my eyes, and find his lips. A strum of soothing kisses galvanizes our resolve. Chloe's attempts to, divide and conquer, only brings us closer. The bones of our relationship are healing stronger than before the blow she delivered to break them. We could return from sand if we had to-form into a beautiful mosaic of glass that told our story in colors.

***

Marshall's home gleams from the inside. Gage refuses to get out of his truck, says he might kill him if he gets the chance, so I go in alone.

"Marshall?" I shout, shaking off the excess rain from my jacket.

"In here, Love." The piano undergoes a series of dark rich notes that reverberate throughout the house, set my bones on fire with the anger I'm already reeling from.

I come upon him with all my fury.

"How could you?"

"Your sisters are in the barn," he doesn't look up. "The lesson today is proper horse maintenance and the like-such as properly disposing of unwanted refuse."

It never occurred to me I might try to strangle Marshall physically. I've always liked the theory, although acting on it was never in the forefront of my mind.

It feels so good to have my fingers cinched around his neck, molding into his flesh. So completely lethal, even though I realize my efforts will be fruitless. It reminds me of the time I strangled Chloe at my birthday party-the gift to myself. I wish the entire scene was far more reminiscent of when I strangled Holden, massaged his vocal cords with my fingertips. I'd be thrilled with a similar outcome.

His eyes bulge a moment, satisfying me with the fact I've caught him by surprise. The bracelet Gage gave me for Christmas gleams in this dull light. It flickers as bright as my love for him, solidifies why I'm doing this to begin with.

Marshall cinches my fingers together so tight the bones bend from the effort. He tosses my hands away so violently my arms threaten to dislocate at the shoulders. I let out a cry from the pain.

"I see you've been informed regarding the turn of events," he rasps.

"You took Gage!" I cry the words out as though he ended his life.

"How am I supposed to woo you with his mighty eminence strutting around like he owns the place?"

"I don't want you to woo me! I never have." Tears sprout up unexpectedly. "Just give back Gage," I croak the words in a whisper.

Outside the night illuminates, the thunder snaps so loud it rattles the windows.

"Perhaps I was aware that you were not interested in holding up your end of the bargain, Ms. Messenger? You do realize you've entered into a vow with a celestial being. To not keep your word would provoke any level of punishment I deem worthy. According to the rules and regulations, penned by the Master himself-you've bound yourself by your word."

"You can't bind someone with words."

"The Master's bound by words, turnabout's fair play."

"You led me to the Counts that day on the hillside, didn't you?" It comes out unwarranted. I want to know if all of those arrows he speared in my direction were really guiding me to the enemy.

"I left you to find your way home."

"Did you put a binding spirit around my house so Gage can't come over?"

"Nonsense, he can walk right through the escape hatch in your bedroom if he so desires. If I wanted to keep him from you, I could just as easily remove his limbs. I don't dabble in nonsense."

So it wasn't Marshall. It was probably Chloe and her newfound Count witchcraft.

"You never intended me to drink the poison from your arrow," I touch the side of his face causing my arm to ignite like the rattle of a cymbal.

"This is a psychotic conversation, Skyla. But for your information," he snatches my wrist, "I've let your tongue taste it." His eyes flare. "Poison comes in many forms. Beware of trampling afoot in terrain you're ill equipped to handle. I'd rethink anymore binding vows before entering into them."

"There is no justice here, there never will be," I say, pulling my wrist loose. Marshall can spear me with daggers if he wants-decapitate me. "Who can win with you? Your so-called Master lets you get away with anything."

"The Master would never pervert justice. You can hang a life on that fact-and he did."

"I'm your puppet. Admit it."

"You have free will."

"I have less than that. Does it account for anything that I'm the purest form of spiritual being on this planet? How does a girl catch a break around here?"

"You are spirit and breath, nothing more." His words are as hostile as a slap. "Surrender your nothingness, and weep at how the mighty have overtaken you. Perhaps then you'll acquire some mercy."

"It's all impossible. I'll never have peace with Gage."

"Don't be so melodramatic. You're at a juncture in your life where everything is possible." He pulls me in by the waist and tries to capture my gaze. "Don't you see, something is happening? The world is on the cusp of something unimaginable. It's trembling in anticipation to see just what that might be."

"I'm in pain." My body goes numb from the ache of Gage slipping further from my grasp. The ladder of our world has just lost another rung, and Marshall is the one dismantling it.

"I see you're bound by the cords of affliction, Skyla" he depresses out my name. "A very wise king once said, I do not trust in my bow, my sword does not bring me victory. What do you think he meant?"

"He was dissolving under misery and oppression?"

"Yes, my love. But he was ultimately a victor. You can choose to be a victor, too, if you just believe."

"It's hard to believe in victory when someone, who I thought was my friend, evicts my boyfriend from school."

"I can bring him back to you."

I bow my head and close my eyes. Already I know the price is too high.

"Winter formal, I'll have an enchanted gown for you to wear."

"Of course, you will." I don't care to ask what this enchanted gown will do or what spiritual entity comes with it. Already I can smell trouble.

"I'd rather be sent to Ezrina's lair," and then a thought occurs to me, as a whole bucket of Levatio fingers wave at me like a distant memory. I do believe I'd rather take Marshall for all he's worth. "On second thought, I'll take the dress."

***

I beg Gage to drive me to Dr. Booth's house-yes, house. Gage was reluctant at first but saw the bigger picture once the waterworks started nonstop.

I ring the doorbell five or six times straight and give a walloping bang on the door while Gage voluntarily waits outside in his truck.

Dr. Booth lives behind the gates not too far from Logan and Gage. I wonder if there's some sort of law that stipulates you're not to beat down your psychiatrist's door at ungodly hours.

The door swings open. Dr. Booth cinches a camel colored robe around his waist. "Skyla? Everything OK?"

"No," I barely get the word out, "it's a mess."

He waves me in.

I follow him through the entry and down a long hall. He leaves the lights off until we hit his office, and he shuts the door behind me.

"What in God's name is going on?"

"I killed Kate." The words stumble thick from my tongue. "It was an accident."

"I heard." He gives a hard nod.

"I don't know what I was thinking, but I promised that Sector I was going to have sex with him in exchange for extracting Chloe out of my love life-and now both Chloe and Gage have been expelled from school."

He gives a long blink.

"I can't do anything right."

"You can start by keeping away from that Sector."

"He's my math teacher," it comes out a whimper.

"Then we need to focus on the things in your life that you can control."

"I can't control anything."

"You can control who you love-who you give your body to."

I can control love. I let his words swill around, swim inside me until I almost believe them. I love Gage with an aching affection. Logan blinks through my mind, and I bat him away like a gnat.

A vision comes to me. I'm standing in Marshall's living room in my underwear and angel wings. He wraps his arms around me, indulging in a smoldering kiss.

I blink back tears. I'd like to think it was just an errant thought, some passing horror that drifted through my brain, but I know better. There's not a damn thing Dr. Booth or anyone else could do to stop it.

It's going to happen.

I'm going to risk everything.

And most likely, I'll lose it all.

Chapter Fifty-Seven

Dinner Guests

On the night of Drake's birthday, Mom and Tad decide to have dinner catered in, since the heavens have depressed their wrath upon us for three days straight, turning every road on the island into a potential deathtrap.

Mia catches me in the hall and pulls me aside.

"You get that darn license, yet?"

"Monday." I'm so happy I can purr. "Although I don't know if Logan is still going to sell me his dad's car. I think he's mad at me." He hasn't even looked at me since that day I had his powers revoked, not to mention the fact he took me off the schedule at work.

"Great! I'll make sure to have somewhere to go. Don't go all blonde on me and flunk it."

"Hey," I step in front of her, "you're a blonde, too, the insults yours as well. And if this somewhere to go involves that Armistead kid, forget it."

"He's my boyfriend."

"You can't have a boyfriend."

"Says who?" Her entire person is teeming with attitude.

"Says me. Besides, you wouldn't know what to do with one anyway."

Mia bites down on her lower lip concealing a viscous grin. She pulls down her scarf just enough to reveal a dark purple bruise.

"Is that a hickey?" I gasp.

"I guess I do know what to do. After all, I've got you as a sister, don't I?" She saunters over to the family room as though she were proud of the fact she's defiled herself.

Holden barrels down the hall, bumps my shoulder-hard like hitting a brick building.

"Sorry, Sis, didn't see you standing there with that stupid look on your face."

I pull him back by the elbow.

"I want to go on a light drive with you soon," I say, trying to control my temper.

"For?" he looks me up and down.

"Are you going to fight in the faction war?"

Holden nods, unsure of where this is going.

"I want you to infuse yourself real good with Chloe's blood. You get enough of it, you can overthrow her when the time is right. I went to justice alliance, and they said it was true."

I hope he buys it by the load. If I want to overthrow Chloe, I'll need all her enemies working against her.

"OK, deal." He gives a stern look that says I'll twist your neck off if you're wrong.

The one detail I left out was the fact the blood he needed was from the Chloe of today, not the one he has a treble over-either that or my blood would do, but let's hope he never figures that one out.

***

Gage arrives in tandem with Brielle and her mom, Darla.

Darla puts her fingers to her lips as though she were already drunk and partially on her way to letting out Brielle and Drake's secret before it's time. I escort them to the kitchen where Mom has the food all laid out on creamy white platters.

Gage steals a quick kiss, and my insides dip soft and sweet like the descent on a never-ending rollercoaster.

Drake takes his place nervously by Brielle's side. They sit down and stare at the food in front of them as if Mom had laced it with arsenic. He looks decidedly ill like he's about to wolf down his last meal.

"So when's my birthday, Pops?" Holden starts in on the psycho son from Hell act. He's got the, from Hell, part right.

"Sixteenth of October, Son." Tad rolls up his sleeves in annoyance. Little did he know that Holden was asking a genuine question.

"So, Drake, what plans do you have set for later this evening?" Tad asks, dishing himself up first with the entree.

"We're going out with Skyla and Gage, just hanging out."

Gage and I exchange glances. This is the first we're hearing of it. Maybe Drake figures if he attaches himself to the good child, Tad will go easy on him. That's what I am now-the good child. I give a satisfied smile over to Gage and clasp his hand.

Emily is having a get together. Logan wants to talk to you.

"I'm sure he does," I whisper. I bet he'd like to rattle me around for a good long while for taking him out of the time travel business.  <br/>

Drake and Brielle hitch a ride with Holden because they're too jacked up on reality to drive. Holden didn't even ask permission to take the minivan, just snatched up the keys. I caught Tad hitting the wine straight out of the bottle just before we left. Mom made it a special point to let me know my declaration of virginity did not add to the conversation and to refrain from the use of expletives while in her home.

Emily Morgan, the seer, the prognosticator of future events by way of clairvoyant blueprints, greets us at the door with a third eye painted onto her forehead. It looks so real I jump back a little when I see it.

Tell me again why we're here? Gage thinks we should avoid the social life on Paragon at all costs, says it takes time away from the real us, and he's totally right.

"I'm taking a light drive with Ellis."

"What?" His dimples sink into his checks with disapproval.

"I'll let Chloe know you're here," Emily quips into Gage. Chloe has managed to brainwash the entire island into believing he's her property. Emily disappears past the tall curio with a vast display of dragons in various fierce poses.

"I didn't know it was Halloween," I say, trying to change the subject. "What's with the eye?"

"Why are you light driving with Ellis?"

"Because," I look at him intently, hoping he'll understand, "I'm trying to bribe Emerson into telling me what she has over Chloe. If it worked for her, maybe it'll work for me."

He gives a sad consecrated look, as though he truly believed the situation were hopeless.

"I'm going with you," he says.

"You can't come. I need the old you to give me a ride to Chloe's house to see what she's up to. You'll freak out if you run into yourself, and, for sure, I don't want us to get separated."

"I'll borrow my truck and give you a ride. You won't have to worry about bothering the old me. Let me help you, Skyla." Gage claws into my soul like fingernails, trying to hold onto the side of a mountain. "Let me in. I want all of you."

"You already have me," I assure him. "Everything here, inside and out, is yours."

"We're a team." He pulls me in, linking a trail of kisses warm over to my ear.

"We're a team," I acquiesce. I'll always give in to Gage with those kisses. "Now let's go find Ellis."

We head out into the spacious family room. The creepy dragonhead is still mounted to the wall with strange glowing eyes. I turn towards the dining room and take in the large stretched canvas that depicts the faction war with Marshall acting as an overlord.

"Do you mind if I check out that painting again?" I whisper.

"No, go ahead, I'll go track down Ellis."

Gage and I part ways as I head over to the expansive artwork. Emily's attention to detail is impeccable. Marshall looks divine, a sight to behold, and someone to be feared. I have a feeling I should fear him far more than I do.

"She added something new," Logan shoulders up to me.

I take in a breath, unsure of whether or not I should bolt.

"I'm OK with it, Skyla. I know you did what you thought was right." The scar on his face depresses unnaturally.

"I wouldn't have done it if you weren't locked in secrets. You forced me not to trust you," I swallow hard, scanning the vicinity for Gage.

"Sometimes I wonder what would happen if I told the truth. If it would really change anything or if everything would turn out the way it was supposed to anyhow." He sinks his gaze to the floor. "I still have the same goal-knock the Counts off their pedestal and put Celestra back where it belongs."

My eyes drag over him with a newfound heartache. Logan no longer fights for our love. That was the supposed goal from the beginning. We were never too hell-bent on the factions, or too overly concerned with who was going to rule the Nephilim kingdom- for sure, we weren't up to speed on Sectors and the plans they've had for us, well, me from the beginning. I guess I don't need Logan's wayward love, but a part of me wants it-thirsts for it.

I turn to go and he swoops in front of me.

"The war is important, but it's not all that matters to me." His hand glides over the fullness of my hair, careful not to touch me. His gentle grazing sends a shiver through my spine, makes me feel alive in the most splendid way. "I know how it ends," he puts it out there in a broken whisper. He presses his lips to the back of my hand as a seam of tears lines his lashes. "Do me a favor. Save something for me in here," he taps lightly over my chest.

"I don't think I could ever really hate you." My lips quiver. I bite down on them to stave off the burgeoning tears. "I'm just shocked at where we've landed-at who you've become." I turn to go then revert my attention back to him. "If I could get you to tell me just one thing," I pause trying to temper my words, "I would really like to know-if you love me like you say you do, why not just tell me the truth. Why the secrets, Logan? People don't keep secrets from the ones they love."

He burns into me with those fiery golden lamps, presses out a dull smile.

"They do," he sags into his words, "they keep secrets from the ones they love if they know they're going to cause anguish." His face smoothes out as though this were the case. "If the truth was unbearable and painful, dangerous, even deadly, why would I tell you? Why put you through unnecessary pain? The future is going to play out whether or not you know in advance what happens. Sometimes, Skyla, the best way to love someone is to protect them from the truth."

Gage pops up with Ellis by his side.

Logan cuts through Gage with a look of malice-you could fry an egg on his searing anger. He excuses himself before taking off. I watch as he glides out the door, down the porch. The rain obscures him, disorients his frame as he dashes towards his truck.

Logan is protecting me. He knows the horrible future, and he will never tell.

Well, I'll be damned.

And I just might be.

Chapter Fifty-Nine

Gage in a Cage

Ellis ditches us almost immediately as we set foot on Paragon past.

It's a hazy night, the kind I've grown accustomed to with the fog bleeding out its splendor, wrapping its long tendrils around me, offering a damp cool hug.

"Remember-save some for me!" I shout after him. Ellis is less than thrilled about having to divide his spoils.

"Let's go," Gage is amped to be back. Technically he's already here somewhere, trying to stop me from killing Chloe, along with old Gage who we're planning to deliberately avoid.

"Here he comes," I pull Gage down behind Ellis' monster truck. We watch as he and Logan make their way inside the raucous party.

I know this night better than any other in my life, and oddly, I was the only person who wasn't present when it originally occurred.

"What a trip," Gage huffs as he watches himself strut by. "Look at all that attitude."

"Never mind that. Let's steal your truck." We ditch across the street, and Gage pulls me into the house like it's no big deal.

He pats around the table in the entry for the keys.

"You sure I came in the house to get the keys?" he asks.

"Yes, I watched you do it."

"Maybe they're in the kitchen."

We dart in without turning on the light and bump into Emma.

Her hands rise to her chest in surprise.

"I was just getting a snack," she flicks on the light and examines me.

Shit!

"Who's this?" She narrows in on me with suspicion, as though she already senses she doesn't care for me.

"A friend. She needs a lift home. I'll be right back."

Gage spins around and his eyes bug out as we dart for the door.

"That went well," I say, climbing into the truck. "What time do you have?"

He turns the engine. The time on the clock reads 11:20.

"We'd better hurry. She takes off at 11:34."

Gage races us down the dark roads of Paragon at breakneck speeds until we finally pull up in front of future Landon manor. Chloe is notably absent from the vicinity.

"We missed her again." But the clock only reads 11:32.

"Check it out." He points out the back.

Next door, high up on Brielle's driveway, sits Chloe's car. Two figures squirm in a strip of moonlight before Chloe hops in the driver's seat. She lowers her window, shouting something to Brielle before backing out of the driveway and taking off in the other direction.

"That was close." My chest heaves from the stress of it all.

Gage opens his door and jumps out of the car.

"Where you going?"

"I'm going to ask Brielle what she wanted."

"I'm coming with you," I swing open the door.

"No, she doesn't know you. You'll leave an impression. I'll be right back. Sit tight."

Gage takes off up the street, and shouts for Brielle.

It's freaky out here at night, in the dark-alone.

A car glides by and pauses just shy of the truck, so I can't see who it is.

Crap.

I should call Gage on his cell to get back here, but with my luck, I'll call old Gage, and all unholy hell will break loose, so I just sit there and quiver in fear.

A face pops up causing my hand to flatten over the horn, unsettle the night with a loud searing honk.

A nice looking gentleman with a pale face and dark eyes waves a small metal shield across the window. He motions for me to roll it down.

Gage pops up by his side-I breathe a sigh of relief.

I hop outside, surprised to find a patrol car and hear the words stolen vehicle come from the officer's mouth.

"Shit!" I hiss.

Gage picks up my hand as the policeman continues to question him about the vehicle that was called in as stolen.

"I think it's just a mix up," Gage shrugs as though he were an expert liar. "I have the same truck and I guess the key worked-must be a fluke."

The officer gives an unconvincing nod.<br/>

"Something about a girl who's moving to Paragon in like a year. Weird, right? I think she's on something."

"Oh, right, totally weird. She said the same thing to me." I knew it! "I think she said her name was...Nyla?" I look over to see if she's taking the bait.

"Skyler, I think."

"That's it."

"She's been talking about her for weeks." She casts a long glance in my direction before losing herself in the road straight ahead.

"If she asked you to befriend this Skyler girl weeks ago, what was she telling you tonight?"

"She shoved a bunch of cash at me. You know, make sure I wouldn't forget. Not a bad way to jog my memory. A thousand bones goes a long way."

A thousand dollars to be my friend.

"Right, she offered the same to me, but I couldn't pull it off."

"You go to East?"

I nod.

"So," she starts in slow, "have you noticed how Chloe's gone insane ever since..." She lets her sentence hang unfinished.

"Oh, right, ever since Emerson died."

"That Kragger chick from East?" Her head pushes back a notch. "I don't even think Chloe liked her. No, the thing with Logan." She ticks her head at me as if I should know.

"Oh, right, that," I play along.

"So, did Chloe tell you about what happened, or did Emerson before she died? Chloe was counting her lucky stars when Emerson kicked the bucket. Who knew she had a fatal ticker?"

God-she knows! She knows Chloe's secret, and I won't have to mess with Emerson tonight or any night if she tells me right now.

We pull into the gates of the Paragon Estates, and Brielle chats with the guard a second. We'll be at Ellis' in minutes.

"I can't believe Chloe told you what she did." I laugh a little, dipping my gaze into my lap as though I held all of the cards.

"Are you kidding? Chloe gave me the lame ass version because she needed to vent. I just know she said she was in trouble. There was only one person I thought she trusted with that-and that was Logan, but then, I guess he was with her."

He was with her? Logan knows? Holy shit! I'm going to strangle him until he tells me her big bad secret.

"Logan," I say his name and huff a laugh as though the thought of him involved is absurd.

"I know, right? He's like this model law abiding goody-goody. Hey," she leans in and inspects me for the first time, "you mind spilling? I won't tell, I swear." She holds up three fingers as a testament.

"I would, but Chloe would kill me." I give a wry smile as we pull into Ellis' driveway. It's at this very moment in the black woods behind Ellis' sprawling estate that I'm doing that very thing to her.

"Mmm," she shrugs, "you think they'll ever get caught?"

Brielle snatches at the door and swings it open. A blast of icy vapors race inside.

"Nope. I'm taking this one to the grave." I wish. "Hey, Brielle, do you really like Chloe?"

She squints into the night.

"Does anyone ever really like Chloe? I like Logan more." She shrugs.

"Have you ever asked Logan to tell you?"

"I did, but he won't. He did say they should be shot for what they did." She smirks. "Like that'll ever happen. People like Chloe Bishop and Logan Oliver get away with everything."

Chapter Sixty-One

Give It Up

Ellis comes at me, brandishing two identical cellophane bags. He hands one over before we duck behind the house.

"Where's Gage?"

"Jail. I have to go back and get Logan to bail him out."

"Nice work, Messenger."

"Hey, you don't happen to know any of Chloe's deep dark secrets do you?" I should evaluate everyone at this point.

"No, why?" The whites of his eyes expand into the night.

"Me neither," I say, dejected as I drive us back to Paragon present.

***

Emily's party is still going strong. It's so strange to see all of the same bodies that, just moments before were spilling out of Ellis' house.

Ellis follows a group of girls from East into the kitchen without so much as a thank you. Figures.

I decide to scope out the premises on the off chance Logan decided to come back.

Two female voices escalate from the hall, and I duck my head in to see what the commotion is all about.

It's Chloe and Michelle, barking at each other-nose-to-nose.

"If you didn't feel the need to control everything, he'd still be with me," Michelle snaps. I'm pretty sure she's talking about Marshall, but, then again, it could be Logan.

"He doesn't want you. No one ever does." Chloe struts down the hall in the other direction.

Michelle turns her head into the wall and throws her arm up over her face.

She's crying.

I walk over and place my hand against her shoulder at the risk of getting it bitten off.

"Hey, don't believe those things she says about you," I whisper. "Lots of guys like you."

She cuts a hard glare in my direction.

"Hands off." She recovers from her dismal mood rather quickly.

"Why do you let Chloe talk to you like that?" I take a step back. "You're Michelle freaking Miller. When I stepped onto Paragon, there was no one to fear like you. You were a power bitch. And now look at you, crying in the corner because of some lie Chloe fed you."

"You're right," she steps into me, "I am a power bitch. And I think it's high time I let Chloe in on our secret. She doesn't rule anything. She steals. That's all she's ever done."

She throws her shoulders back and begins to stride down the hall after her.

"Michelle? I really think you should take the necklace off."

"Dudley asked me to wear it as long as I loved him." She fingers the dark rose with great sadness.

"Maybe if he sees you without it, he might start having feelings for you again. You know, it'll hurt his ego that you don't want him anymore, and he'll try to get you back. That's how guys work. They want you more when they know they can't have you."

"I'd believe it if it wasn't coming from you. Nice try. And by the way, he's just using you. He'll come back to me." She pulls the rose up on one side with a harsh swish. "Because when someone really loves you, they can't live without you."

She darts down the hall. I'm not sure Michelle and I will ever be besties, but if I can turn her against Chloe, that might be enough.

I stagger out of the dark hall, feeling sluggish, both emotionally and physically exhausted.

I pull out my phone and text Logan, to please pick me up.

"Skyla's next!" Brielle drags me into the living room. She sits me in front of Emily with her freaky third eyeball staring out like some physical anomaly.

Emily takes up both my hands and closes her eyes, the real ones.

My phone buzzes in my pocket, offering a welcome distraction-most likely Logan telling me to hitch a ride on my broomstick.

Emily blinks back to reality. Her eyes gaze towards the night with the blank stare of an old haunted doll.

"You're going to jail," she says, matter of fact.

I am-like really, to get Gage.

"You're good."

"Aren't you freaked out or anything?" She marvels.

"No. I don't believe in all this psychic stuff. Besides, it's not like I'm really going to jail. It's just vaguely in my future."

"She's supposed to be telling you what colors look best on your face," Brielle cackles like it's the funniest thing she's heard. "She's just trying to freak you out."

"I'm not kidding," Emily's eyes widen. "When I took her by the hand, I started to see something. I closed my eyes and saw these prison bars."

"You can see things?" I look at Emily for the first time in this new light.

"Usually, the image burns in my mind until I get it down on paper or paint it. It's like it won't go away until I push it out of me. So," a slow malevolent smile spreads across her face, "I'm dying to know if you go to jail. I guess we'll find out." She turns around and begins discussing the fall color palate with Lexy.

My phone goes off again, it's Logan.

I'm right outside.

***

Logan and I race to the bowling alley.

"I have three cash drops, sitting in the safe." He blinks hard as though it might somehow help him navigate the rain soaked road. With our speed and the rain's velocity, there's nothing but a wash of sludge pressing up against the windshield. His ability to get us there is mostly a subconscious effort at this point.

Logan wasn't impressed when I mentioned that I left Gage back in time again. It had happened once before a few months back, but that was all a bad memory now. And tonight we're creating a whole new series of bad memories. I cringe at the thought of what Gage must be going through.

"Logan?" My heart picks up speed. A fat lone raindrop catches my attention outside the passenger window. I watch as it quivers down the glass as though it were hanging on for dear life. "I know you did something with Chloe. I just want you to know I'm after your secret."

He deflates in his seat.

"I didn't know you were in on it," I add. "I thought whatever Emerson had on Chloe was just about her."

"Who told you I was involved?" He gives an odd tick, had I blinked I would have missed it. I've never seen Logan do that before.

"A friend."

"I know who your friend is, Skyla." His cheek glides up, and I see the long comma-like scar indent as if to mock me for calling him out on his sins when I have so many of my own.

"Anyway, if I knew what happened, I could have Chloe where I need her. I just want Gage back-and for her to leave me the hell alone. As it stands now, she can turn me over to the Counts in a heartbeat." I'm pleading with him to tell me. Can't he see that?

"Dare her to do it."

"Dare her to do what?"

"Tell Dudley she knows he's a Sector."

"No. She's already done it once. Marshall is insane about keeping his word."

"Is he?" Logan grips the wheel with both hands as we fly around a corner. "Are you? Is that why you're going to sleep with him? Because you gave him your word?"

"Yes, Logan," I say, miffed. "And, I'd appreciate it if you kept that between you and me."

"Why? Aren't you going to tell my secret the first chance you get?" He looks rather unconcerned as though he were goading me for the hell of it.

"No, I swear. I'll just tell Chloe. I'll use it as leverage to release me from the bondage she has me wrapped in."

His shoulders sag down so low they look dislocated.

"You're not going to tell me your secret are you, Logan?"

"Let's worry about getting Gage back first."

Hope stirs wild within me. First things first, we get Gage back then Logan can help me nail Chloe to the wall.

"Do we need Ellis?" Details. I'm going to get swallowed up in the details of this mess I've dragged us into.

"We should have him bring us through the treble since that's the way you went in-just to be safe." Logan squints into the rear view mirror. "We've got company."

The truck glides to the shoulder. My heart seizes as the familiar flash of red and blue lights swirl from behind. We sit patiently as an officer comes up to the window. This is all starting to feel a bit repetitive.

"Where you kids rushing off to?" The officer leans in, causing the rain to funnel off his hat and into Logan's lap.

It's him! The officer-same freaking one!

"My girlfriend turns into a pumpkin at midnight. I've got two minutes to get her home."

My stomach cycles when Logan calls me his girlfriend. It was true once.

"Don't rush it, son, roads like this can kill you." He leans in and drills us with his flashlight, wands it over at me quick as lightning. "What's that hanging out of your pocket, Miss?"

I shrink in my seat a little. This is not going to end well.

And with that, I find myself in the back of a police car.

It looks like Emily was right after all.

Chapter Sixty-Two

Possession

Ellis.

I'm so insanely angry with, of all people, Ellis. I live out the next forty minutes of my life, imagining what it would feel like to shake him until his head flew off like a bowling ball.

Logan stays with me in the detention center until Mom and Tad rush in, subtle as a hurricane.

"Possession of an illegal substance!" Mom's nostrils flare as she jerks her head back.

"Marijuana!" Tad flaunts the word as though I were finally caught-exposed for the pothead I really am. "Ethan says you've been supplying him the entire time."

"Bullshit." Forget Ellis, I need to hone in on my aggression on Holden, let him know I brought him back into this world, and I can take him out.

"Skyla." Mom closes her eyes briefly.

"I went to Emily's party, and there were tons of people there. I think maybe someone planted it on me."

"No one just gives that stuff away," Tad bares his full weight on the table in front of me, menacing, like a jackal waiting to pounce.

"It must have been an accident. I don't smoke pot, never have."

"It's not hers." Logan finally pipes up. For a minute there, I thought he might actually want me behind bars so that I won't dig into his questionable past.

"There's a fifteen hundred dollar fine to get you out. Where are we going to get that kind of money at this hour?" Mom shudders at the thought of not being able to pluck me out of jail. In this moment I can honestly say, I think she loves me.

"I can get it to you," Logan offers. "I have it in the safe over at the bowling alley."

"What about Gage?" My chest heaves as I say his name.

Logan clasps his hand over mine.

I'm going to help you, but I can't help him. I won't have access to any large amounts of cash until Monday morning.

"Monday?" Gage is going to hate me. He's going to run from me instead of to me. He'll be thanking God he has to go to East. It'll be like his own protective hedge.

"See, Lizbeth?" Tad waves his hand over me. "I told you she was blurting out things at random. She's got some mental disorder caused by all that chemical interference."

"I'll be back with the money." Logan darts out the door.

"Mom, you have to believe me. It wasn't mine." Technically it was, but I don't use crap like that, so it's totally worth the lie.

"I do believe you," she straightens as if to affirm this. "If you say someone planted it on you then, I know it's a fact. Who do you think did this?"

"I don't know. It was dark."

"Where's Gage?" Her fingers press over mine. God, I hope he's not with that girl.

I blink over at Mom. She thinks he's with Chloe-and for once I wish he was.

"He wasn't feeling good, so he went home early. I was just catching a ride back with Logan."

"That Chloe girl wasn't there tonight, was she?" Mom's mouth rounds out into a perfect letter O.

"Yes, she was," I say.

"That girl has been after Gage. She's clearly not right upstairs. I mean she held a knife to you. She's probably really upset over the fact she needs to leave school. You think she did this?"

"Yes." Rarely have I thought of my mother as a genius, but tonight I laud her as such and bow down to the brilliance of her unwitting speculation.

"I'm going to suggest the police question her. I'm not going to sit by and watch my daughter get bullied."

"That's right, Lizbeth, go throwing down the gauntlet at some poor girl who came back and found someone else sniffing around her boyfriend. You can't blame the kid for trying to get him back. And now you want to accuse her of planting pot, on a hunch? Kids don't plant hundreds of dollars of perfectly good pot on one another, hoping there's an off chance a cop might stop them for speeding. Wake up and welcome to the wonderful world of my kid's a screw up."

Mom blinks a few times before settling into his line of thinking.

"He's right, Skyla," she shakes her head, "looks like you were caught red handed."

***

As soon as I get home, I race upstairs. Mom says we'll talk in the morning, but I'd rather claw my eyes out and eat them for breakfast than talk to someone who doesn't believe a word I say. How is she ever going to believe that I'm an angel? That she's an angel of a darker order? I'm sure that will go over well.

A thump comes from my closet, and Mia comes fumbling out.

"What are you doing?" I jump out of bed.

"I was borrowing your pink sweater, and a piece of the wall fell down. It hit me on the head."

Oh, shit.

"So, I saw this weird slider, and I went up there. Do you know about that place?"

I take a deep breath, holding it until I can't move anymore from the pain.

"You do." She bites down on her lower lip. "What is it? Some secret butterfly hideout?"

"That's exactly what it is." Please God, please don't let her have seen the door that leads into the attic.

"And you sneak out of the house that way. I followed a path all the way outside. It's unlocked because that's how you escape at night." Her face contorts into perfect wickedness.

"Mia, you can't tell. When you're old enough, I'll let you use it. You can sneak out anytime you want." I feel terrible just thinking about it.

"OK," she shrugs. "Melissa's pretty upset tonight over her boneheaded brother. Can you imagine? She called you a slut, but now that her brother's the one having a kid, she's all freaked out about it. I swear sometimes she thinks they're so perfect, and we're not."

"She really needs you right now. Melissa actually looked up to Drake and Holden. So you can imagine her disappointment."

"We should be extra nice to her." Mia wraps her arms around her tiny waist and shivers. "Hey, I know. You can take us to the mall after you get your license. That will totally cheer her up."

I can't help but feel a little manipulated. I really do want Melissa to feel better even if she did call me a slut. She was probably just taking a cue from Mia anyway.

"OK, I'll take you guys to the mall. But you can't tell Mom and Tad about the butterfly room, or you'll never get to use it. They'll have it sealed off forever, and you'll be at their mercy whenever you want to go anywhere." I gauge her to see if she's buying it. "Remember how Mom didn't let me go to Homecoming? She could easily do the same to you. No dance is sacred enough for her to keep you away from it. It's your only insurance policy that you'll get to go wherever you want, whenever. Got it?"

She gives a solemn nod.

"So, did you go to homecoming?"

"Oh, yeah." I give a satisfied smile. "And I danced all night long."

"God, sometimes you're just brilliant, Skyla."

I shut the door tight once she leaves and lean up against it in horror. The last thing in the universe I need is Mia with fresh ammo with which to blackmail me. I'll just have to keep reminding her of the benefits the butterfly room holds. Of course, once I graduate from high school and hit the road, I'll make sure to expose the butterfly room for the boy magnet it really is. Tad will be filling it with a vat of concrete before I pack my things.

There is no way in hell I'm letting Mia take advantage of that thing.

Ever.

Chapter Sixty-Three

Truth Be Told

A strange film covers the island early Sunday morning. A surreal lavender-blue fog melts the landscape into a fairytale-like paradise. I tossed and turned all night. I sent nonstop texts to Logan, who, in return, assured me Gage was fine-that Monday would be here before we knew it.

There's a light knock at the door, and my mother lets herself in.

"I brought you something." She holds up a mug and makes her way inside.

"So," I scoot up on the bed, "how are you and Tad holding up with the baby news?" I tick my head over towards Drake's room.

"It's a shocker. But in a way, you prepared us for this," she makes a face. "You know, with the misunderstanding that happened."

"Last night was a misunderstanding, too. I swear I wasn't buying that stuff off anyone," technically I got it for free, "and I wasn't on my way to smoke it." I was delivering it to someone who was going to smoke it.

"It is an odd situation." A series of hard lines around her lips annunciate her age. "A couple of nights ago you mentioned you wanted to talk to me. What's going on?" She strokes my head, flattens the cool of her hand against my skin. It feels so good like this. I feel like a little girl again. My father could walk through that door, and I would wholeheartedly buy into the delusion.

"I know you're not my mother." I express it like the words to a very sad song.

"What?" Her face contorts, first confusion, then surprise-then defeat. "Oh, Skyla." Her eyes tremble beneath her lids. "What happened?"

"You mean how did I find out?" I wait for her nod, for her to admit it in not so many words. "Dad told me."

"You've known all this time?" Her mouth squares out in horror as though it were a greater sin for me to have kept this from her.

"No, he told me recently."

"What? Like a dream or something?" Her head ticks to the side, stays there, disbelieving.

"Do you know who the Countenance are?"

"The what?"

"Countenance. They're angels. They call themselves the Counts. You're one of them." I could very well be sealing my death warrant. My days outside of captivity could be numbered in single digits, counted on just one hand.

"Is this some kind of fairytale, new mythology or something?"

I can't tell by the expression on her face whether or not she's faking.

"What if I told you it were all true and that I was a special brand of angel that can time travel? What if I didn't ask you to believe it until I took you to see Dad, right now, today? And then, after, we'll come back safe to Paragon. I promise."

"Skyla," she pulls back, "did you experiment with any other drugs last night?"

"Give me your hands. I'll take you to Dad." I squeeze my fingers in the air, prompting her to comply.

"Hon, your Dad isn't alive anymore," her voice quivers. Tears begin to glitter as she twitches over me with worry.

"He's alive in the past. That's where we're going. I can take you there because I'm one of those special angels."

***

A citrus color sunrise greets us in L.A. The morning has just given birth to a new day as Mom and I stand outside of our bungalow beach house locked in a stare as if we had never laid eyes on one another before. I keep thinking she's going to confess to knowing she's a Count, that I'm a Celestra, and that she was probably going to drain me of my lifeblood one day, but she doesn't say a word.

Dad jogs out of the house with his hands wrapped tight around the handlebars of his bicycle.

"Skyla!" He lets the bike drop onto the lawn as he heads on over. His expression flattens as soon as he sees Mom. "Lizbeth?" He glances from her to the house. "Skyla, no." He covers his face with his hand and groans.

"I was in trouble-and she never believes me."

"Is this some kind of dream? Am I hallucinating?" She reaches out and touches his face. "Oh, my God-Nathan!" She lunges into him, presses her lips against his. The moment turns private quickly, so I make my way over behind a tree.

I wonder how I would feel if that were me-if Gage had died and I could go back and see him. The thought spins through my mind like a nightmare. Of course, Gage isn't going to die. I usher the stupid thought out of my brain, quick as it came.

"You're here," Dad gives a half smile before laying into me. "What kind of trouble are you in that you'd be willing to bring your mother back?"

"The cops found pot on me, but it wasn't mine." I feel bad lying to both my parents simultaneously, well, technically I'm not. It was Ellis' to begin with. "Anyway, we've come to have a long history of her not believing me, and if I was going to tell her about me, I wanted to do it right. What better way than to let her see you?"

Dad takes us into the covered porch and begins to explain things to my mother in laborious detail, the factions-the war-the people who may or may not know what's happening.

"So, you really didn't know?" I peg her with a hard look until she answers.

"No, I mean, your grandmother used to babble on about angels all the time, I just thought she lost her mind."

"Is she still at the home?" Dad inquires.

"She passed just before Christmas," her hand glides across his. "I'm so sorry."

"No, don't be, we're together now," Dad frowns into his admission.

"When were you going to tell me that Grandma died?" Quite frankly, I'm shocked by this.

"You had just run away when it happened."

"Ran away?" Dad doesn't bother to hide his disapproval.

"I was taken by the Counts. Well, I was going to be, but then I escaped. So, yes, I ran away." Great.

"Skyla says I'm one of these Counts, is this true?" Mom clutches at his arm for answers.

Dad looks from me to her. I didn't mention on my last trip that she was anything, and he didn't offer up if he knew. I want all of this hashed out right now. I'm so sick of secrets. If I had a panacea, which caused people to vomit up all their twisted ways they hide from the world, I'd administer it in high doses to the ones I love and love to hate.

"You're one of us," he nods.

He did know.

"Why would you marry a Count?" It escapes my lips soft, not meant to be offensive to the mother that raised me, but curiosity is driving me now, and I might explode not knowing the answer.

"I fell in love with her, Skyla. Love chooses you. Besides, there's not an evil bone in this woman's body," he leans in, caressing her cheek with his thumb.

"So, a Celestra and a Count can marry." That vision of me walking towards Logan down a petal-strewn aisle comes back. I'd rather eat dirt and wash it down with gasoline.

"Yes," his eyes narrow as if he understands the origin of my question, "just as easy as a Celestra and a Levatio."

Which reminds me, "Dad, can I talk to you alone a moment?"

Mom heads back outside without saying a word.

"Gage is trapped in the past," I say, trying to control my escalating panic.

"What?" His ears perk up in unison.

"He got arrested for stealing his own truck. There's a binding spirit, he can't teleport, and I can't get him back. I have bail him out with Logan on Monday."

"You can't time travel for fun. It's nothing to be tampered with. In fact, if I could have held back one bit of information from you it would have been that. This is dangerous. You're playing with a fire that can consume you before you ever realize you're being burned."

I cringe at his analogy.

"You weren't going to tell me." I sink a little in my seat.

"Sometimes, you keep things from the people you love in order to protect them."

God, he sounds just like Logan now.

Mom knocks gently on the screen, and I leave the room, let the two of them have some privacy before we head back. I wonder what kind of things they're saying to each other? What kind of things would I say to Gage?

Gage and I are never going to worry about something like this. We're going to be married forever-that is, if I ever get him back.

Chapter Sixty-Four

The Rescue

Monday morning is dark as evening. Ceaseless thunder goes off overhead like the growl of a bear-hungry and menacing. I head downstairs for breakfast and find Mia and Melissa huddled over cereal, buzzing about something.

"Today's the day!" Mia beams at me.

You would think she was the one getting her license or at least attempting to.

"Yup," I say, albeit less enthused as I snatch a freckled banana out of the fruit bowl.

"I can't take you, Hon, I've got an appointment at two-thirty," Mom scuttles by in a frenzy. "I'm just praying we'll be able to catch the last ferry back tonight."

"You're going to the fertility clinic?" Hard to believe they still want to proliferate Tad's seed even though the damaging effects have been well documented.

"We have two more rounds to go, and after that..." She throws her hands in the air.

"After that we're officially out of the running," Tad shakes his head into the near empty refrigerator, "unless, of course, I start robbing banks which judging by the rate this family burns through food, I just might have to."

"Skyla," Mom stops just shy of pouring herself a cup of coffee, "if I'm not back in time for dinner, would you mind calling something in? I'll leave cash by the sink."

"Call something in?" Tad stiffens as though he's got a crick in his neck. "What is this? Room service? How about everyone make their own sandwich? How's that for economizing?"

"We don't have any food," my mother holds an empty bread bag up with the end piece rotting away inside. "And, besides, I prefer they eat a nice hot meal for dinner."

"Not when that nice hot meal runs fifty bucks," he begrudgingly pulls cash out of his wallet and slaps it on the counter.

"Can you get Gage to take you to the exam?" Mom looks through me a moment as though she were remembering the details of some horrific dream. Her eyes widen, and her lips clamp together. "Come here," she motions for me to follow her into the hall. "Skyla," she swells with tears. "Did it really happen?" Her voice strains from the effort. "Did we really see him?"

She was flying high the remainder of yesterday, and now it all seems so far away to her, just like the first time that I went back.

"It was real," I assure her. "You were there, and now we can go back to him anytime." I wonder if that's why she was so standoffish with Tad just now. Odd to think my own dad is getting in the way of my mother's marriage.

Her fingers run through the back of my hair, and she holds me like that a moment, stifling tears. "I do. I do want to go back and see him-often." She darts a quick glance down the hall. "As soon as you get the results from your test, I want you to call. Driving is a huge milestone in any teenager's life." Her smile is layered with our secret.

"I will." That is, if I can get back in time from rescuing Gage. It kills me that he's doing time all because of my desire to nail Chloe.

"You know what else is a huge milestone in a teenager's life?" Tad comes upon us quickly. "A marijuana bust. Just received an email that your court hearing is tomorrow at 4:15."

"I have cheer," I say in a panic.

"You'll have jail if you don't go. The officer says you were just shy of forty grams, A.K.A. just shy of a felony. Do you know how close you came to ruining your life? To having a record?" He opens the accordion doors to the washing machine and starts a load as though this were a conversation we've had a thousand times before.

"Well, I didn't," I say, stupidly. Shit. I nearly ruined my life carting around illegal substances, so I can bribe a poor dead girl into giving me Chloe's secret. One more gram, and I would be in prison with a freaking felony record. This has got to stop. Trying to take down Chloe is going to drive me insane or worse, incarcerate me. I'm betting she's rooting for both.

My cell goes off. It's a text from Logan.

I'm outside.

Time to help out someone whose life I seem to be inadvertently hell-bent on destroying-Gage.

***

I'm happy to find Ellis already in the truck, as I scoot in beside him.

"You think you'll have enough cash?" I look to Logan for answers.

"Good morning to you, too," Ellis pushes into me.

"Morning." I can't help but note how unnaturally lucid he appears. "Where we going?"

"The dirt lot behind the bowling alley. And, I've got two thousand dollars," Logan announces. "I'm pretty sure that's more than enough."

"I have court tomorrow," I give Ellis a serious look of disdain, like this were somehow his fault.

"You'll get community service," he shrugs. "The judge might up the fine, but he'll apply it to the bail charges, so you shouldn't be out that much more."

Shit. Tad already owes Logan some serious cash. I'll have to pay back every penny with my job at the bowling alley, and with all those nonexistent hours, I should be paid up by never.

"Would you mind putting me back on the schedule?" I look hopeful over at Logan-Logan whose heart I ran over with a tractor, then stripped him of his Celestra abilities for good measure.

He pulls into the lot and drives over a mud slick alongside the building.

"I'll put you back on," he looks content that I asked.

"Of course, I'll need a ton more hours if I ever hope to pay you back for bail, the car, and the auto insurance." Logan already said he'd front me the money, and now I feel like crap for giving him what amounts to a celestial bitch slap. If he would have told me everything, stopped loving me so damn much, and spilled his freaking guts, we wouldn't be in this predicament.

"A ton more hours coming right up," he gives a sly smile as though that were the plan all along.

He kills the ignition and puts his hand out. I place my hand over his, and Ellis covers mine.

I close my eyes to take us back to that fated homecoming night that keeps chiseling itself into our existence-fueling our needs in the shape of a thousand little roots that feed off the base of its time space continuum.

***

I land us behind Ellis' monster truck. I can see Brielle standing next to her jeep, twirling her hair while laughing with some boy from East.

"I'm coming with you," Ellis announces.

"Why?" I'm amused, but a part of me wonders if I should be alarmed.

"Gage never gets in trouble. I'd pay to see him behind bars."

I shake my head in disbelief. "We need to catch a ride from Brielle," I say.

"No, I'll drive us," Logan insists.

"Right," I muse, "so you can get thrown into a cell next to Gage? No thanks."

"I'll drive," Ellis taps his chest. "I'd never call the cops on myself."

"You won't know it's you, brainiac. We need Brielle," I step out of the shadows, and call out to her.

"Did you forget your purse?" She bounces back in four-inch stacked heels.

Ellis and Logan appear beside me, looking nervously around for their counterparts.

"Can we get a ride?" Logan smiles over at her.

We pile in, and I sit upfront with Brielle.

"I didn't get your name," she laughs at her oversight.

"Laurel," I look back at Logan and Ellis accusingly, in the event they should get creative and blurt out the truth. It's not really a lie. It's my middle name.

"Pretty," she ticks her head into the road. "Hey," she looks into the rear view mirror, "you guys notice Chloe's been acting strange lately? She's like totally paranoid. I think she's taking your breakup pretty hard." She cuts a quick glance at Logan, who's managed to tuck himself in the shadows. I'm sure he's not too anxious to expose the fact that he's aged a decade or two.

"She'll be fine," Logan sighs into the lie. "She's still got a thing for Gage."

"Knew it!" Brielle spikes in her seat as though it were the best gossip she's heard all day.

"She'll have to fight me," I whisper.

"What did you say?" Brielle's mouth falls open.

"She'll have to fight me," I say, defiantly. "I'm totally and completely in love with him."

"Well, hate to break it to you," her head jets out an inch, "but I heard he was making out with some girl from East tonight."

Chloe-she saw me kissing Gage in one of my incarnations. No wonder she hates me-Gage loves me everywhere, in every time dimension. My stomach does a soft roll just thinking about his affection. I need to make sure I return the favor with every part of me, very, very soon.

"I guess that makes two Olivers who have a hard time sticking to just one girl." She shoots Logan a quick look.

Logan unfaithful?

As in, to Chloe?

Strange.

Chapter Sixty-Five

Play With Me, Stay With Me

It takes forever to get rid of Brielle and convince her we would rather visit the minimart at the gas station across from the precinct rather than hitch a ride back to the party. As soon as she's out of sight we ditch across the street.

"Skyla, I want you to know," Logan's face is weathered. I'm spellbound looking at him like this. I reach up and pat his ashen hair, so soft. I wish he would stay this way, flush his younger self away in the carnival of time. "Brielle is going to freak when she sees us at the party."

"She'll just think we beat her there. Plus, she'll be toasted in an hour and puking in my fountain," Ellis interjects. "It'll all pan out like a bad dream."

"That's exactly what it's panning out to be," I say.

We step into the precinct, and I spot the arresting officer behind the counter, same guy who apprehended me for possession. This whole night, as an entity, is turning into one serious mind f**k.

Logan steps forward and does his best impersonation of an adult. His posture, tone, the way he presses his hands flat and calm against the counter, all of it comes naturally as though he weren't impersonating anything at all. A woman in plain clothes listens to him. She pulls her slow gaze across his features, whets her lips as though she were sending him an invitation. She'd probably freak out if she knew he was only seventeen but then again he's not, in general, he's nearing thirty or forty, I think. If anyone should be freaking out, it's me.

He shells out some serious cash before returning to the waiting area.

"They're getting him." Logan relaxes to the seat next to me. I can tell he's ambivalent about Gage's impending return.

It takes everything in me not to pick up his hand, relax into his chest like I use to. A powerful pull still exists between Logan and me-that, I can't deny.

"If you could go back to the beginning, would you tell me everything?" I whisper the words out in jags. A part of me wants him to understand that this is my version of I'm sorry.

A crackling sound emits from Logan's throat as he struggles to choose his words.

"Ellis?" I turn to my left. "Would you hold something back from someone you professed to love?"

"I love my mom," he peels open a bag of chips he picked up from the convenience store, "I don't share my stress relieving coping mechanisms with her, so, yes. I would hold something back from someone I profess to love." He leans over to Logan, "what are you holding back?"

"Nothing that I'm willing to share," he lowers his head in my direction. "Look, I can't," he pleads with me to understand.

"About Chloe's big secret-rumor has it you should be shot for what you did," I whisper.

"I said that-still believe it."

The air grows stale. The room fills up with an uncomfortable silence as I try to siphon through a billion possibilities as to just what the secret might be.

"I'll have my mother reinstate your powers if you help me," I whisper. I hope he'll at least consider it.

Gage is escorted into the room. It's like the lights go on in my life once again. I run over and hold him, kiss him full on the lips-and openly diminish my chances of Logan ever telling me his secret. But I can't help myself. I would sell out my entire future to taste and breathe Gage.

***

We get back to Paragon present, and I go over to the Oliver's and wait as Gage gets ready for school.

"I guess you're missing your first day at East." I fall onto the bed and look up at him as he cinches the towel around his waist. He shags his hair out over me, gently sprinkling me with the reserve from his shower.

"Hey!" I pull him down over me. His skin is still moist, and the sharp scent of soap clings to his skin.

"Let me take you to class," he offers. "Tad is going to hang me by the balls if he finds out I'm the reason you're not there."

"I guess," I push my lips against his before nuzzling into his neck. "Can you believe in a year and a half we'll be free of him forever?"

"I don't know about forever, but yeah, for the most part." He traces my lips with his finger, and I push it in my mouth, run my tongue along it like a promise.

His cheeks darken a shade. His dimples light up an immoral smile just as a thunderous knock vibrates through the door.

"Everything all right in there?" It's Emma.

"I'll be down in a minute," Gage shouts back.

I hop off the bed so fast I accidentally take his towel with me.

Gage pats his hands on the mattress, amused at my blunder.

Shit!

I spin around and squeeze my eyes shut in one childlike maneuver that leaves me both stunned and embarrassed.

What the hell kind of girlfriend can't appreciate the fact that her boyfriend is lying there in all his God given glory? Of course he's going to think I'm a child because obviously I am. I try and force myself to turn around. I twist my shoes but the rest of me won't follow. It's not natural. What in the hell am I going to do? Turn around and just stare at him?

The soft scent of his cologne envelops me as he appears behind me. He pulls at my earlobe with his lips and gives a light massage to my shoulder.

I love you.

"I love you, too." I place my hand awkwardly over his, still lacking the initiative to face him.

I can see him reach for his clothes through the corner of my eye, then jump into his boxers, his jeans.

I turn around and take him in. My stomach sours at the thought of Chloe monopolizing him today.

"Guess what?" I say, a little more irate than I intended. "Logan knows something that can flush Chloe out of our lives forever. It might be able to stop this I'll-tell-Dudley bullshit."

"He does?" His brows swoop in like twin dark birds.

"Yes, and he's not telling."

His face smoothes out. "We'll know in less than an hour."

Chapter Sixty-Six

Beat on the Brat

Gage walks into West as though he belonged there, as though his name were still on the roster somewhere.

We wait for Logan after fourth outside his classroom, and Gage pulls him by the elbow into an alcove to have a talk with him. He's good and pissed at Logan for not even offering to get us out of this nightmare. So, it's only natural when Logan struts out of the conversation as though it were irrelevant, that Gage starts to pummel him against the lockers-igniting the halls with the percussion sound he creates with Logan's body.

The corridor fills in. People drain from other buildings to witness the carnage, and about a thousand cell phones record the event.

Marshall stomps into the hall, barking at them to cease and desist. He's so archaic. Do people even say cease and desist anymore? He lunges forward as though he's going to intercede before squinting into the parties at play.

Gage thrashes Logan over and over, then Logan returns the favor, and the beat goes on, uninterrupted by the so-called authority figure among us.

"Stop them!" I scream at Marshall.

I was hoping for a little bloodletting. Barbaric as it might be, this is all rather neat and clean. First world fistfights seem to lack the uncouth vulgarity they pretend to hunger.

Another teacher, a real one, steps into the hall, and Marshall intervenes as if he were doing so all along.

"Nice save," of your own ass, I want to add.

Gage comes over, patting an already fat lip and kisses me above the ear.

"I gotta go. I'll pick you up for your driver's test."

"Thank you," I mouth the words as he takes off down the hall.

Logan takes off towards the administrative building in the other direction.

And then there were none, Marshall gloats at the impotent victory. Come, he motions for me to follow him into his classroom.

The air inside is warm and congested. I look over at my seat and the one behind it, the one Gage used to fill pre-Chloe. Now, it seems impossible to even remember those bliss-filled days.

"I was having a conversation with one of my cohorts," Marshall starts. "Do you wish to know what it was regarding?" A fresh rage brews beneath the surface.

"I don't think so," I stammer the words.

"I was discussing the matter of your punishment regarding that blade you stuck in my side. Nearly cut out a kidney-imagine my reaction when my suspicions were confirmed, that you were not the perpetrator after all."

I open my mouth stupefied, and not a word comes out. Not that I could say anything to rectify this situation. Besides, if I do incriminate myself, my vocal cords will probably be in one of Ezrina's pickle jars by morning.

"This limited world view," he twirls his hand near his temple, "is the partial price I pay for being here. I'm doing this all for you. Do you realize this?"

"I never asked."

"Which Oliver is mine for the taking? Name him, or I eliminate the possibility of error and choose them both."

"Logan," it speeds out of me. A hot searing stone plunges deep in my intestines. It twists my bowels into knots until it feels as though I might explode, splatter across the classroom.

I did it. I pulled the pin on the grenade that is Marshall and left Logan standing at ground zero.

"Well, then," he looks up forcefully from his lashes, "you've spared the one your heart desires. I'll paw at the pretty one, like a lion with a mouse, before I stagger him with a harsh blow. Enjoy the show, Love. This one's for you."

I turn to leave the room. I'm so frightened for Logan, a part of me wants to find him and warn him.

"Oh, and, Skyla?"

"Yes?"

"Good luck on your driver's test."

***

After school Gage takes me to the DMV. He lets me use his truck while he sits inside reading roadmaps for the next hour straight.

It probably would have been a good idea to actually drive the truck, any truck, to familiarize myself with its foreign mechanisms before getting behind the wheel on this, the most sacred driving event of my vehicular history, but I didn't. So, when the hour is over and I return the pasty-faced gentlemen, who looks unmoved by the fact I've just fishtailed, and jackknifed, and flipped an illegal u-turn on a two lane highway that blocked traffic in both directions for miles in the pouring rain-the fact he says those two magic words, you pass, astounds me.

"You passed!" Gage picks me up and spins me once I tell him the good news. "We need to celebrate. Dinner?"

I nod, numb from shock. "My house though, I need to feed the masses." Mom texted during the test to let me know she wouldn't be back tonight. The preceptor didn't look too kindly on me when I tried to text back in the middle of a lane change.

"I was worried there for a second," Gage pulls me in by the waist. "I couldn't remember if you ever drove my truck, and with this downpour, I was afraid you wouldn't be able to see the road. It's a miracle."

"Yeah, a real miracle."

Marshall's not so angelic face pops in my mind. I have a feeling I know just who to thank.

***

Holden bitches and moans about the pizza I brought home for dinner while pawing two girls from East that I've never seen before.

"You know what sucks?" Brielle announces with a mouth full of food while sitting on Drake's lap. "I get to taste this crap twice when I puke it up later."

"Sick!" Melissa throws down her slice. "I'm not hungry."

"Me neither," Mia chimes in. "Maybe we should go out later to that build your own ice cream place?" She leans into me as though it were the best idea in the world.

"I thought you just said you weren't hungry?"

"You don't need to be hungry for ice cream," Melissa comes to her defense. "Besides, the storm is letting up. We should totally celebrate your newfound freedom."

"I don't have a car."

They both gag on the reality they're not going anywhere tonight and head upstairs.

Holden whispers something to the groupies swooning at his side, and they take off down the hall. I can hear the door to his room open and shut.

"Why are your skanks making themselves at home?" I shoot him a look.

"Because I've got somewhere to go, Sis. And guess who's going to take me?"

***

Surprisingly, I don't have to beg and promise Gage that I won't lose him. Instead, he comes willingly with Holden and me on our light drive.

Holden lands us at East again, springtime.

I take Gage, and we head into the parking lot to find my next favorite stoner.

She cuts a dirty look as we head in her direction. Emerson is ready to electrocute anyone with all that hatred she stifles in those big beautiful eyes.

"Back so fast?" Emerson holds her hand up over her eyes to block out the sun.

"I can't get your stuff," I say. "I got caught for possession, and now I have to go to court."

"Yeah, right," her hair tousles over her shoulders, stiff as thick black wires.

Gage leans in and looks into her with great sadness.

"You don't know me," his voice is low, deep in his chest. "My girlfriend is in trouble. She really needs your help. If you give her the information she's looking for, I can give you a pass to the bowling alley-bowl free for a year." He pulls something out of his wallet and hands it to her.

"Cool." She examines it, but doesn't take it. "Meet me at the bowling alley at five. We'll test it out together. If it works, you get your info."

The bell rings, and she gets up and dusts off the back of her jeans.

"I guess I'll see you there," she starts to walk away.

"Hey, what's the date?" Gage shouts after her.

"You people and dates-it's the sixteenth of April." She bounces into her stride. "Get a calendar."

"You're a genius," I marvel at his handiwork. "We'll meet her at the bowling alley."

"She won't be there," he says, watching as she shrinks in the distance.

"Why not?"

"She'll be dead."

Chapter Sixty-Seven

Toxic

Gage and I sit on the outer fringes of East Paragon High until the school day lets out, then follow Emerson down the street to the coffee shop that her parents own.

"That's where they found her," Gage whispers as we duck behind the building.

A barrage of black clouds float in, insult the unblemished sky with their presence.

"Shit," Gage hisses, pulling me back into the juniper bushes. It's Chloe.

I twist to get a better view from the foliage. She stands by the dumpster, wrapping something in a plastic shopping bag before hurling it inside. She kneels to the ground and spreads her palms in the dirt, washes her hands in Paragon's soil as though it had the power to cleanse.

What the hell? Gage tries to decode her bizarre ritual.

She disappears around the other side of the building leaving nothing but a set of psychotic fingerprints in her wake.

We give it a good few minutes before Gage pulls an all out dumpster dive and retrieves the plastic bag.

"What is it?" I ask as we hightail it back to the bushes. I hope it's nothing stupid like a banana peel or a receipt from her latest latte. But, then again, neither of those require a bag, nor would they inspire you to take a dirt bath after disposing of them.

"Gopher poison," he turns the package around, "only one ingredient-strychnine."

"Emerson didn't die of a botched transfusion," I hold my breath at the thought, "Chloe killed her."

"Chloe's days of threatening you are numbered." Gage presses out a hopeful smile and pulls me into a kiss. "We've got her. We just need to figure out a way to prove it."

He leads me down a back stairwell over to a dusty window that peers into the basement. A towel and a hypodermic needle sit on a small table inside while bodies mill around towards the back.

"Let's go," Holden slams through the metal door to our left. "Right now! Come on."

He's hopped up on his latest infusion-feeling like the king of the world.

I look over at Gage, "Do you think?"

"Hope not."

***

It's safe to say that when Holden sends the girls from East packing in multiples, the fact that he's not feeling well is an understatement. The prospect of him ingesting Chloe's toxic blood seems highly probable.

"He'll go into renal failure, his liver is probably doing flip-flops, he'll vomit blood in an hour," I say to Gage. The Internet is a great place to do all your one-stop horror shopping on the realities of just about anything.

Gage clears my history in the event Tad decides to have my computer confiscated once he declares the house a crime scene.

"Crap," I can't even gloat over the fact I've finally got dirt on Chloe because Holden is in his room offing Ethan Landon for a second time.

Gage and I race downstairs.

"Holden?"

Gage pounds on his door and heads inside.

Trash is piled knee high in all four corners. An array of clothes twists along the ground like one long colorful fabric snake. Holden lies on the bed, eating pistachio nuts rather calm and sedate, tossing the shells onto the floor when he's through.

"What?"

"Are you feeling OK?" I'm afraid to step inside. It's a hygienic nightmare in here with all the dirty laundry, empty cans, and smattering of food wrappers. Hazmat units are going to force their way inside one day, and I'll know why.

"Never better." He opens his laptop, ignoring the two of us.

Gage and I step back out into the hall.

"He's still an ass," I shrug as we close the door.

"Some things never change." Gage presses me against the wall with a kiss. "I promised my mom and dad that I'd watch a movie with them tonight. They still haven't recovered from the fact I was M.I.A. due to my inadvertent jail stint. Wanna come?" There's a longing in his voice I haven't heard in a while, like he misses me even though I'm standing right here in his arms.

"I'd love to, but I have a feeling I should hold down the fort. Will you come back after?"

"You couldn't keep me away."

***

Just before bed, I head downstairs to turn off the lights and, well, to check and see if Holden is still pumping air through Ethan's lungs. Apparently the girls from East have made a reprisal because there's a dangerous amount of giggling coming from inside. I don't even want to know what antics warrant that much laughter, I just back away from the door in disgust.

Mia and Melissa's dog swishes around my feet in a tizzy.

"What is it boy?" I bend over to pat him on the head, but he bolts to the entry and back again. He probably wants to go to the bathroom. I've seen Mia let him out a million times, so I don't hesitate opening the front door. And, to my horror, he bolts down the driveway and up the street.

Shit!

I take off into the clear dark night while a bitter wind blows clouds off the island after weeks of nonstop rain. My socks saturate with ice water as I squish into the mud that's been draining down our street thick as pudding.

"Sprinkles!" I bleat out a nervous laugh as I come upon him sniffing in the ivy, just as I'm about to grab him, he takes off another ten feet up the street. We repeat the scene until I crest the hill well past the house.

"Sprinkles!" I scream, irritated and to the point.

He continues to elude and ignore me. Instead, he darts up another fifty feet to a dark bump on the sidewalk and begins fornicating at a frenetic pace.

Crap. I'm going to have to snatch him up in the middle of his procreating frenzy. I can't think of anything more disgusting.

I pull off my sweatshirt in an effort to take him by force, crouching over his gyrating body for the kill. I'm wearing nothing but my bra underneath, and the icy night air gives a quick introduction by way of flash freezing my skin.

"Hello, Skyla."

I look up.

Next to the stalwart pine stands Demetri draped in a long black trench coat.

I jump back. His teeth glow off and on as he interrupts a smile to pull at the leash in his hand. The bump below Mia's dog unfurls itself into a rather deformed looking creature, dark as a shadow. It turns to look at me with six pairs of glowing eyes.

"Shit!" I snatch up Sprinkles and leap backwards, landing in a puddle halfway up my shins.

"He's friendly towards strangers," he scratches the beast just shy of its neck, and all three heads twist for affection.

"Oh, my God," I breathe the words. It's Cerberus-it's real. Demetri probably had the poor dog surgically altered if that's even possible. He's that twisted.

I step out of the puddle, forcing my legs to drag me back towards the house.

"What's the matter, Skyla? You look like you've seen a ghost." Demetri straightens-proud of the fact he's managed to freak me out with his mutilated mutt. He snaps his fingers three times fast, and the creature goes rabid in a fit of angry snaps and growls as it lunges in my direction. His palm flattens in the air, and all motion ceases. "You know why I had to kill your father, don't you?"

I shake my head, sidestepping my way down the street.

"So I could bring you here where you belong, to fulfill the destiny of my people."

"I don't die, and you don't get my blood." Actually, I have no idea if what I've just said is factual. I'm basing it all on the prophecies of my seventeen-year-old boyfriend who probably wanted to get into my pants in the first place.

Of course, I'll have to die eventually, and I did regenerate Chloe, who will probably take over the entire Nephilim kingdom, so, most likely, I've already altered the destiny of his people, but I don't bother bringing this to his attention. Instead, I try and make a mad dash for home.

He keeps pace with me as I trot down the hill on my tiptoes while suffocating a horny dog in my favorite West Paragon sweatshirt that happens to bear the effigy of his freaky looking canine.

"Aren't you the least bit curious as to your role?" Demetri's voice drums through the night.

My ankle turns in a pothole, and I fall to my knees. I bounce up as if I were on springs, sending a searing hot pain up my leg.

"You're the perfect adversary, Skyla!" He shouts after me as I begin to gain some serious downhill momentum. "With three near perfect Celestra-switching sides-trying to kill each other-who needs to fight a war?"

Gage pulls into my driveway, pausing at the bottom.

"Gage!" I trip over a branch and nosedive in a river of muck at the base of the sidewalk. Sprinkles wrangles free, darting up to the house and in through the front door as if this entire nightmare never even happened. Damn dog.

I turn my face up towards Demetri. His clothes, his entire person begins to fade into the night, his dog dissolves in an instant with a loud clap. I can hear his laughter-it echoes unnaturally long after he's gone.

Humans don't do that. They don't disappear.

Demetri Edinger is no freaking human, and I have a feeling he never has been.

He's a Fem-and his little dog, too.

Chapter Sixty-Eight

Punishment

I spend the night with Gage wrapped around me, tired and shaken after we logged some serious hours exchanging bizarre theories. Gage and I are pretty sure Demetri was telling the truth about his strategy to divide and conquer the three most powerful Celestra alive, and he's done a stellar job at achieving his goal.

My door flies wide open.

"Yup, he's here, too," Tad shouts into the hall. "The roll call of debauchery is complete. Maybe we should run a brothel, Lizbeth? It might be the one business venture we'd be successful at."

"Shit!" I pull the covers up over our heads as Mom pokes her head in.

"Skyla Laurel Messenger! Downstairs right now, you, too, Mister!"

Gage groans into the pillow.

This is shaping up to be a real shitty day.

Gage and I file downstairs fully clothed just the way they found us or would have had they attempted to pluck the comforter off my bed. We head into the family room with our hair combed back, presentable, not all disheveled as though we just woke up from a wild romp like Brielle and Drake or Holden and his pu**ycat dolls. Gah! There are three of them now. God-they left and brought back a friend. What kind of superpowers does he have, anyway?

"Ladies and gentlemen of the peanut gallery," Tad employs his official I'm-the-asshole-of-this house tone, "you are now free to exit the red light district of Paragon. Would you be so kind as to show yourselves to the door, make yourselves scarce, and never the enter the premises of this love shack again."

"Excuse me?" Brielle points to her baby bump.

"Just go home, Hon," Mom bats her away.

My fault. I should have never closed my eyes. Sorry, I'll make it up to you. Gage gives my hand a quick squeeze before following the girls out the door.

It's not his fault. It's Chloe's. If she hadn't used her sorcery to bind some keep-Gage-away-from-Skyla spirit around the house, none of this would have ever happened.

"What on God's earth can we punish you kids with?" Tad throws his hands up in defeat.

"We'll get creative," Mom nods in my direction as though it were me she was gunning for. "Get ready for school. We should have something worked out by the time you get home."

"I know it looks bad, but we didn't do anything, I swear." I try to quell her disappointment.

She motions me upstairs with the flick of a finger.

Everything in her screams, I don't believe you.

When I finally do have sex with Gage, I won't have to worry about feeling guilty. I'm already paying the price.

***

Logan is under a three day suspension for his brawl in the hall, otherwise I would have cornered him and told him all about Demetri, the exploding Fem.

Nevertheless, I skip cheer practice for court, which I'm escorted to by both Mom and Tad. Gage shows up as a means of support. It's intimidating here, staring at the judge in a mahogany paneled courtroom as he glosses over my paperwork.

"Ms. Messenger," his elongated face is accentuated with matching pillow-like bags beneath his eyes. The way he says my name sounds far less provocative, in contrast to Marshall who breathes it out with lust driven fire. "You have the option of serving three nights in the county jail or working your time off through community service. Which do you prefer?" His sad eyes drag over me, red with fatigue.

"I'll do the service. Thank you." I'd donate various body parts if he wanted me to as long as I didn't have to step into a jail cell, ever. That's one way I don't plan on losing my virginity. Just the thought of prison sex makes Marshall's offer more and more palatable. I could probably get him to up the ante and make me queen of the world if I wanted-although he did offer me dominion, which would make me queen of two worlds to be exact, if you count the ethereal plane.

"So it shall be," the judge sounds it out soberly. "In addition to one hundred hours of community service, I charge you a penalty fee of five hundred dollars. You may be dismissed." He sounds his gavel.

One hundred hours? In an orange jumpsuit, picking up trash on the side of the road while Chloe drives back and forth with Gage? Of course, she'll have the bitch squad join in on the fun, heck an entire parade of kids from West will drive by to capture the new wallpaper for their phones. I hate this.

"Looks like you got off pretty easy," Gage comes over and gives a hesitant smile because he knows I didn't.

I pull him in and bump my nose to his trying to stave off tears from the trauma of the whole ordeal.

"You may now kiss the bride," the judge booms with sarcasm. He points hard to the door in an effort to make us disappear.

"I love you," I whisper to Gage just before I sneak in a quick kiss.

Gage solidifies like a statue. His face turns a strange ashen grey. His eyes dull out unnaturally as though he were looking at something horrific and he were too startled to speak.

"Wait," I point a finger towards the judge. "You don't think," I don't bother finishing the sentence.

I don't care what just happened. I'm marrying Gage in a courthouse one day because I'll be damned if he was wrong about that one.

***

I sulk in the back of the car on the way home with Mom and Tad.

I'm thankful justice has landed me on the right side of the penitentiary, and I still get to choose who I lose my virginity to, but still, lackluster about that whole jumpsuit thing. And I can't even think about Gage's prophecy coming true at an untimely moment. God, that was so weird and uncalled for. I had pinned my entire future on what Gage had told me. Of course, I still believe I'm marrying Gage. This was just a coincidence-only, too bad I've recently stopped believing in those.

I watch the trees whir by in a blur, the dark clouds in the sky drift by at dizzying speeds. Nev glides by, then slows down until we're coasting down the road in tandem.

Nevermore went against the faction council for Ezrina and their love, and now he's forever imprisoned in fragile bones, feathers-eats worms and sleeps in the cold harsh elements. I straighten a little at the epiphany. I wonder what punishment the justice alliance will pass down to Logan and me?

I look back up at Nev as he soars like the majestic creature he is. Who knew that Ezrina and I were so likeminded? And she's a Celestra no less, or was. I can't bear the thought of working shoulder to shoulder with Ezrina forever. Maybe that's why Gage thought I would live to a ripe old age? I'll be immortalized as a monster for all eternity while he carries out his courthouse fantasy with someone else. Hopefully I can rely on some good old-fashioned nepotism, and my mom won't have the heart to turn me into a frazzled old witch. Nevertheless, she said my punishment would be embedded in the infrastructure of the war. Little does she know, the ultimate punishment waits until the end of the war-the heartache of wrenching Logan's heart out one final time, already I know I have to.

"Skyla?" Mom turns around. Sorrow and pity clot up her expression. "We've settled on a punishment." I'm about to cannonball into a bottomless pit of dejection I can feel it. "No going out for two weeks."

"Two weeks?" It might have sounded like a protest, but, really, I'm astounded at the leniency.

"That includes winter formal." She gives me that you-brought-this-on-yourself look, before turning around.

"OK." There's no way I'm missing winter formal. I'd die knowing Gage was there with Chloe while I sat home, crying in my pillow.

I pull out a curl from behind my neck-straighten it over and over while looking up at the sad girl in my reflection. I take my finger and trace a butterfly onto the foggy glass, give a dry smile.

Of course, I'm going to sneak out.

Of course, I'll never fess up to any of my butterfly room jailbreaks to my mother.

How can I ever expect her to trust me when all I ever do is lie?

Chapter Sixty-Nine

Dress to Impress

I'm more than surprised by Drake and Holden's reaction to the two-week incarceration. First, they should be glad it's house arrest. As someone who just experienced a significant brush with the law and almost spent three days and three nights in the belly of the jail, I consider Mom and Tad's anemic form of discipline a joke.

Holden lets out a moan and tips over the dining room table in an uncalled for fit of rage. He growls like a bear as he seizes a chair, knocking the back legs into the china cabinet until it shatters as he continues to bash and thrash the place. The rest of us are smart enough to take cover in the hall and yet stupid enough to linger and watch the train-wreck unfold. Thank God Melissa and Mia are safely tucked away at Marshall's while this fury unleashes.

Holden laughs up a storm while enticing Tad with twitching fingers just before he spins the chandelier at supersonic speeds.

"Come on, Pops," Holden shouts it like a battle cry. "Whatcha gonna do?"

Tad circles him like a wrestler before jumping him from behind. They roll around the shattered glass until their skin is pricked with glittery shards, and long striations of blood drizzle down their flesh.

Mom calls 911in a panic.

"He's insane!" She bellows between spouting off her name and address. "Skyla," she covers the receiver with her hand, "pick up the girls and take them to a movie once their lessons are over. There's no way in hell I want them to see this mess." Her entire body sags, "What are we going to do about him?"

"I don't know." But I have a feeling it's nothing a little strychnine won't cure.

***

I find Marshall behind his house shooting arrows at a target hundreds of yards away with stunning accuracy. An icy wind cuts through my jacket, mocking me for trying to stave off its efforts to begin with.

"Fantastic," I say. It comes out laced with sarcasm.

He lifts his bow into the air and shoots one off, barely missing Nevermore.

"You!" I slap his arm. "Don't even joke like that." I watch as Nev circles the two of us, challenging Marshall and his expert marksmanship.

"The justice alliance delayed my punishment," I say, placing my backpack on the damp field.

"So they have. Consider yourself warned, they have a fondness for animals. I've put in a request to have you transferred into an equine-waterfowl for the pretty Oliver. Does that sound just to you? I could house you right here on the property. You'd hardly lack company. We'd be inseparable. I'll ride you every day. Oh, how I'll ride you," he winks before letting an arrow sail across the field.

"Not funny." I circle over to his side and watch as an army of charcoal clouds etch themselves into the sky. "So did you hear? Logan lost his Celestra abilities because I requested it."

He pauses before discharging another arrow. "I'll kiss you full on the mouth for that later." He rockets one off to the extreme end of the property, striking a rabbit bolting across the path. We watch as it jumps and fidgets to its death.

"That's horrible!"

"That's not horrible, Love, that's dinner."

"That's sick."

"Would a squirrel better suit your appetite?"

"No. Speaking of vermin, I found out Chloe poisoned Emerson with strychnine."

"Good work," Marshall pants a smile. "I suspect a detective agency is in your future. You and the Olivers can bumble around the island masquerading as full time sleuths."

"I'd rather be a Fem fighter."

"You already are." Marshall dips into me and lands a kiss on my cheek.

"I know Demetri's a Fem," I put it out there to see what he does with it.

"Heavens-graduating the junior detective league so soon. Gone pro already, have we?"

"So, I'm right?" I jump a little.

"Do try to contain your enthusiasm."

He positions the bow in my hands and helps me draw the string until it's taut near my cheek. I can feel the heft, the tension as strong as life and death-fighting one another for a convicted soul, as powerful as my love-hate for Logan-and we release. It feels so, good, so easy to let go. I watch as the arrow streamlines its way through the fog, cutting a clean line into the already crowded bull's eye.

"Well done." Marshall pats my back. "Who was the victim of your rage?"

"I don't have any rage."

"Nonsense, I could feel it pulsating out of you." He whips another arrow from over his shoulder and helps me string the bow, only this time he makes me hold it myself. "You must become the master of your enemy. The faction war hinges on such details."

"How do I master the enemy?" My muscles shake as I stretch the bow taut, waiting for his response.

"You kill them."

"I kill them. What if I don't want to kill them?" My muscles ache as I try to steady my aim.

"They kill you." Even the warmth of his breath sends a pleasure-filled sensation throughout my being. "But this one," he taps a finger towards the target, "this one's personal. Look at him there, he's sneering over at you. He's fooled you into loving him, and now you're going to kill him. Who is he?"

Marshall wants to hear his name fumble from my lips, so I launch the arrow and give him the pleasure.

"Logan." My chest rises and falls in spasms as I anticipate the accuracy of my aim. The arrow misses the tree entirely and lands somewhere in the bushes off to the right. "I could never kill, Logan," I whisper. Not even if I wanted to.

"That might be your downfall." He pulls me in, offering a tender kiss that is neither intrusive nor greedy. A vision appears, it's Logan and me. He tells me he loves me more than the heavens love the sun and the moon and pulls me into a kiss much like the one Marshall has delivered.

I pull away and wipe my lips with the back of my hand.

"That will never happen," I spit out the words.

"In a way, it already has."

Marshall and I head inside, me with the newfound sore shoulder and he with his dinner.

"So I've been thinking," I say, jumping up on his kitchen counter and taking a seat, "was Ethan Landon ordained to die?"

"I should say not." Marshall begins to do things to the poor rabbit that I never want to see, so I turn around and face the other way. "Stabbed years before his time."

"That's horrible." I try not to wretch from the stench of the bloody carcass. "So, I was thinking-"

"No, Sklya," he cuts me off.

"But Holden's a disaster, and he's been drinking strychnine-tainted blood, tragedy is bound to unfold. Besides, poor Melissa is heartbroken over what an ass her brother's become. Certainly, you have a heart."

"Of course I have a heart. I'm holding it in my hand. Would you like to see it?"

"No."

The faucet twists on and off at regular intervals.

"I suppose," Marshall starts in slow, "if Holden upsets the physical framework he's confined in, he won't be able to stay much longer," he says matter-of-factly while bolting around the kitchen.

I turn to find him armed with a frying pan and a stick of butter. Marshall has gone Iron Chef on poor Thumper.

"So, if Holden does accidentally off himself, you can put Ethan back where he belongs?" I'm not sure if I'll be getting a better deal, but, for sure Melissa will.

"Precisely. I'll do this for you under one condition."

"Yes?"

"Don the angel wings." He swirls the pan into a sizzle. "Consider it an addendum to our carnal commitment."

"Not a problem."

"Great," he pauses to turn up the heat on the stove, "Your gown for the formal is tucked safe in my closet. I don't trust it anywhere but here. Understand this, and listen to me well, Skyla-I'm to be the first person you lay those saccharin lips on while wearing the charmed sheath." He stares into me with great intensity until I give in with a nod. "I expect you'll arrive in a timely manner. I plan on soaking in the evening before we retire to my suite. I'll have the wings ready."

I swallow hard.

I have a feeling I'll be wearing the wings and very little else.

If I don't find another means to get Chloe off my back by then-I don't see any other way.

"Don't look so despondent. We've somewhere to go."

"Now? Where?"

"Your mother requests your presence."

***

"Skyla!" My mother radiates, bright as the sun, she steals the glory from the foliage around her, makes the unnaturally gorgeous landscape of Ahava look two dimensional, flat and stale as a black and white portrait.

I wrap my arms around her, and she strums a wonderful tuning feeling through me, so pure and lovely it makes Marshall's vibrations feel like a lewd encounter with a downed power line.

"Rules of engagement, Skyla." She drops a kiss on the top of my head. "That's why I've called you. Marshall has made you aware of the fact there will be twelve regions to cross before advancing to Ahava?"

"Yes, before I get here," I nod, "and, I remember what you said about the sword of the Master." I'm secretly hoping she'll give me some special key that will unlock a backdoor to this place. And one for the chest that holds the, oh-so-special sword, wouldn't be a bad idea either.

"No, I have no key," she whispers knowingly. "I want to make it clear to you, that it is I, along with the justice alliance, who selects when you appear in the ethereal plane."

"Um, OK, but I have school and cheer, and I'm sort of shy in the shower, so maybe don't choose then either."

She gives a bubbling laugh. "Whatever you're doing on earth ceases. You could spend months in the ethereal plane and not a millisecond would go by on earth."

"Each region is going to take months?" I'm horrified by this.

"Heaven's no. Some will only take minutes. It's entirely up to you."

"Or me," Marshall pipes up. I gasp when I see him. Marshall is beyond resplendent.

"Is this what you really look like?" Young and gorgeous, so absolutely godlike I fight the urge to bow down to him. I don't remember him looking this way in Sectorville-the Soulennium.

"Ahava is radiating through me," he confesses. "You're a sight to behold, yourself." He digs into his pocket and retrieves three metal discs. I recognize them from the ski trip when I was riffling through his bag.

"Yes, these are one in the same. I gift them to you. Keep one with you at all times. If you should find yourself in the ethereal plane and you need to get out for whatever reason, toss one in the air and let it hit the ground."

"It forfeits the round to the enemy," my mother frowns, "those are three gifts to the Countenance in your possession."

"Those are three gifts for your protection," Marshall counters. "Use them wisely. You get three escapes from death's clutches and no more."

"Death's clutches," I whisper, grabbing a hold of my neck.

"It's highly dangerous out there," my mother says intently. "Good luck." She sounds far too glib before disappearing.

"Good luck?" I turn to Marshall, and we blink back into his kitchen. "What the hell does good luck mean?" I ask.

"It means," he clasps the discs in my hands, "for all practical purposes, you, my love-are on your own."

Chapter Seventy

Strychnine Surprise

Turns out Tad and Holden are both spending the night at the hospital. Mia and Melissa beg me to take them over for a visit. The long, sterile corridors hold the sharp stench of ammonia, and large stacks of dinner trays sit unsupervised in the halls.

"Skyla," Mom gives a soft kiss on my forehead while Melissa sobs into a scraped up Tad.

"Where's Holden?" I ask.

"Two rooms down," her eyes glitter with despair.

"I'm going to go see him."

I walk over briskly to find him channel surfing, heavily peppered with dark brown scabs all over his face and arms.

"What's up, Sis?" He says it with no affect, doesn't bother to break his gaze from the television.

I shut the door and speed over.

"You can't keep acting like this. They're not going to put up with your bullshit."

"I'm moving back with my dad. I've finally convinced him it's me."

"You can't do that, you'll kill Melissa. She worships you."

"Who?" he looks genuinely confused. "Anyway, I left something behind, and I need to get it, so let's go back."

"Back where?"

"You know where," he barks, snatching me up by wrist. "Right now." He picks up a glass vase and cracks it in half, pressing the splintered edge against my neck.

"OK, I'll take you," I puff out the words. But it's questionable whether or not I'll be bringing him back.

***

This time I manage to land us more accurately near Emerson's appointment with death and watch as Holden bolts across the street to his father's cafe.

I have about ten dollars in my back pocket, so I head over and buy myself a mocha-iced coffee. I find a seat in the back behind some fake foliage and try to imagine what my life would be like if my father never died, if Paragon remained some dot on the map I'd never heard of.

Emerson walks in, causing me to crouch further into the corner. She shares a laugh with a boy at the counter before taking a seat at a booth just over from mine.

I watch as she takes a few careful sips of her drink, lounges over the table as though she were about to indulge in a nap.

Chloe strides in.

Shit.

I pan the vicinity for an exit, but there isn't one. I might have to leave Holden here out of necessity.

She swoops in and sits across from Emerson.

"Are you sure you want to do this? I've never given you so much before." Chloe sounds fake, per usual.

"Are you kidding? I'm dying to light drive. A friend of mine told me about this treble where I could keep renewing my stash."

Freaking Ellis.

"Who needs a car when I can time travel wherever I want?" Emerson continues. "I could even try and fix a few things for you," she offers as an incentive.

"You can't fix anything-nothing significant changes." Chloe sounds disappointed with her revelation. "Anyway, I do this for you, and you do something for me, right?"

"I never tell."

Emerson still thinks she's meeting Gage and me at the bowling alley later to spill her guts in exchange for a smelly pair of shoes and stale pizza.

"That girl came around asking about you," Emerson pulls a lock of dark hair into her mouth and bites down with a smile.

And there it is.

"I figured she would," Chloe's left eyebrow arches so high I think it's going to leave her face. "What'd you tell her?"

"I pretended I'd tell her anything she wanted. I thought she was bringing me a bribe, but she didn't. Plus, they offered me some bogus deal at the bowling alley."

"They?"

"Her and some guy with black hair, big blue eyes."

"Gage," her mouth falls open in a sickly sort of way. "He doesn't want me, never has," the words come out slow and melodic. Chloe plucks at her fingers until it looks as though they're elongating from the effort.

"I'm meeting them after. You can come with me if you want."

"Oh, are you?" Chloe purrs. "Maybe I will."

They get up and disappear outside. From the window, I can see them heading down the side stairwell.

Chloe looked totally traumatized by the fact Gage doesn't want her. I try and put myself in Chloe's shoes, pining over a boy who would never love me, one I would kill for, hold the entire world hostage with blackmail just to taste his love. An indescribable grief rips through me at the thought of not having Gage-at the thought of Logan with someone else. How I, will ever let go of Logan I do not know, but I have a feeling any genuine happiness I plan on having with Gage, hinges upon it.

I sit and ponder the trappings of my love life while waiting for Holden to appear, or not.

When Holden finally returns, his face is a ghastly grey, and he's sweating profusely.

"She's poisoning you," I hiss over at him. "You should throw up or something."

"Shut up and take me back."

Can't say I didn't warn him.

***

Holden writhes for days, screaming and retching at Mom and Tad anytime they offer to help. It's not until it's deathly quiet in his room that we notice he's finally passed out. The hospital readmits him straight to the ICU, and they can't figure out what the hell is wrong with him.

"He probably caught some superbug," Drake suggests at breakfast.

"Do you think we can catch it?" Mia lets the milk slide out the side of her mouth in disgust.

To say he's been in pain is a mild understatement. The second he came to at the hospital he started up with raucous screaming, and the hospital was quick to pump him full of morphine.

"I don't want him to suffer," Melissa pushes her eggs around, biting down on her lip in an effort to stave off tears.

The only one suffering here is her.

"Um," I pat her hand from across the counter, "he's in the best place possible, and I think I heard the doctor say they'd have clear answers in just a few days." I try to sound hopeful, but, truthfully, what I heard was, if he's not dead in three days, it'll be a miracle.

Melissa nods as a thick silver tear rolls down her plump cheek.

I don't know if that helped. It seems the only thing I can do with speed and accuracy is make things worse, speaking of which...

"Winter formal is tonight," I say it weak to Mom as she lands a plate full of bacon in front of me.

"And you are not going," Tad practically sings the words out. "Outside of the fact it's a part of your punishment, we are in the middle of a family crisis. I think you should keep vigil at your stepbrother's side."

I can't imagine the hypocrisy of it all. Besides, I tried to tell Holden that she was corrupting his system with toxins, but he wouldn't listen. It's like he secretly wants to be disembodied, floating off in space, harassing unsuspecting humans.

"I think I'll stay in," I say. "I'm not feeling so hot myself. I'll visit in the morning." I glance over at Drake who confirms he's with me, by way of a nod.

"Melissa and I will go," Mia pulls Melissa in by the waist. Melissa looks haggard from the trauma of it all. I can't imagine how it feels to lose someone you love, then get them back, only to be on the verge of losing them again.

"He'll get better," I say, hopeful.

"Bring some books to read," Mom suggests. "It's nothing but a waiting game now."

I can't help note how calm the house is without Holden, how normal it actually feels to be sitting around having breakfast with Drake and my sisters, Mom, and Tad. Sure, the china cabinet has been gutted, and the chandelier has yet to be reattached to the ceiling, but other than that, I can appreciate this new Holden-free home-for now at least.

"He's not coming back," Tad says soberly, looking over at Melissa and Drake. "I won't let him."

If Ethan does manage to somehow land back in his body, it'll be a real shame. Holden has already turned his whole world to shit.

Chapter Seventy-One

Chain of Fools

The night air sings with excitement, the energy sizzles in the wind. The lone eye of a three quarter moon spies us with curiosity as an endless parade of possibilities stream by disguised as morose billows across the sky.

I hitch a ride over to Marshall's by way of Brielle and Drake.

Drake looks dapper in his suit, his hair neatly slicked back with too much gel accentuating the sharp point of his widow's peak.

"It's not like my brother would have sat around and picked his nose for me," Drake laments to no one in particular. "He's just an ass, and asses don't die off, they live forever. I don't even feel guilty about going tonight." He averts his gaze out the window. Brielle looks back at me, forlorn, because we can both sense his guilt, thick as pea soup.

"You look amazing!" I say to her, in an effort to change the subject. She's got on a long white dress with cap sleeves that actually makes her look elegant and mature.

"Check this out," she lifts the midriff portion of her dress, revealing a giant slit in the fabric, causing her stomach to lurch out like a mini basketball.

Oh, that's sort of gross actually.

"It's a belly dress," she slaps her stomach. "You got it, you flaunt it."

"Right." I force a half smile. I'll be the last person to let her know she looks deformed in it-that maybe, a high school dance isn't the best place for a belly dress.

"You can help me draw a happy face on it later." She nods into the rearview mirror.

"That'll be a blast." She'll probably have me add a skull and crossbones for effect.

My cell goes off. It's a text from Gage.

Hey Beautiful. Where r u?

Headed to Dudley's. And you? ~S

Just got here.

Gage and Chloe are arriving separately to the dance. The limo Lexy rented couldn't squeeze in another body, so Gage volunteered to drive.

There's another text from Gage. If he touches you, I'm going to kill him. Second thought, I hope he touches you somewhere benign like the hand.

I feel horrible. Of course, he's going to touch me. I've sold my body and soul to my math teacher in exchange for Chloe repellent.

Did you get Logan to tell you anything? ~S

He's not too concerned about helping us in that area. He's an ass.

Yes, Logan is most certainly an ass, and his ass is going to cost mine everything.

***

Marshall's house shines like a floodlight in comparison to the umber forest surrounding his property-so dank and blithe, getting sucked into its black hole seems a real possibility.

After giving several brisk knocks, I let myself in. There's a note on the entry table that reads, Upstairs, first door on the left. See you at the formal.

Great. My ride just left. I attack my phone in a panic and call Brielle.

"Hello?" A male answers.

"Drake?"

"Logan."

"Oh, never mind. I thought I was calling Brielle."

"Is everything OK?"

"Yes, life is perfect, Logan." I hack the words into the receiver. "Look, I need to find a ride. I gotta go."

"I'm leaving right now. I'll swing by and pick you up."

"No, I'll call Gage, or Brielle-"

"Gage is forty minutes away. Tell you what, I'll pick you up in your car, and you can drive it home."

"Deal." I'm getting my car tonight! That's a total diversion from the fact I'll be deflecting Marshall later with my body.

I tell Logan to meet me here in ten minutes as I race upstairs to get dressed.

It's creepy being alone in Marshall's sprawling home. I could never live in a house this size all by myself. Thankfully, he left all the lights on, and the double doors to his bedroom are wide open.

The bed is made impeccably. Not a sign of life in the room. It looks as though it were a prop for some sheik furniture store. Hanging from the back of his closet door is a dark silver gown with chains that hold up the top and crisscross in the back, attached is a full silver skirt, the length of which drips to the floor. It's going to be too long. I'll have to bunch it up and hold it all night.

Great. Leave the important details to a man, and this is what you get. I pull it down, and my hand sags.

It's heavy, like real heavy. I touch the fabric and the feel of cold metal collapse in my hand.

It's freaking chainmail, well, most of it. I'm going to freeze.

It's not until after I do a quick change in Marshall's room that I figure he's probably got a camera pointed at me somewhere.

I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror. My long flaxen hair twists in waves down my bare back. The dress clings to me, exploding at my hips like a bell.

"Skyla?" I hear Logan calling me from below.

"Just a second."

Footsteps race up the stairs as I gather my jeans and sweater. Where the hell am I supposed to put the disc? I finger the heavy object staring into the light pink stone with hypnotic fascination. Obviously Marshall didn't think things through when he picked out my enchanted eveningwear.

I shove it back into my jeans pocket and bundle my clothes in my arms.

"Wow," he pauses at the thresh hold of the door, "you look amazing." It comes out breathless as he takes me in.

"Yeah, well, it's on loan." I swish across the room, tripping over the excess that puddles around my ankles.

"Let me help you." He presses into the small of my back, sending a chill from the metal right through my bones.

"Some hardware you've got on," he says, as we make our way downstairs.

"Maybe I'll get struck by lightning, and I won't have to keep my bargain with Dudley. Unless, of course, you know something that can help me out." I give a hard look.

Logan is resplendent in his dark suit, gunmetal tie bolted high at the neck. The line on the side of his face gives a sad smile before he does.

"I can't help you."

"Is it because you're afraid you'll go to jail? I swear I won't tell anyone but Chloe. I'm in a lot of trouble. Look," I grab him by the arm as we step outside in the cold frigid air. "Please help me," I plead. "If you ever loved me, don't send me to Marshall. That's what you'll be doing. I know you don't care about my relationship with Gage."

He pushes his finger to his lips then softly brings it to mine.

"What I know isn't going to stop Chloe from trying to seduce Gage. And, believe me when I say, nobody wants to keep Dudley away from you as much as I do. But I'm not sure it would help anyway."

I drag my eyes over his features, cascade down his chest, then drop my gaze to his shiny black shoes.

I thought there was hope here. Deep down inside, I thought he'd save me.

I shake my head into the night. Maybe I should forget ever having Gage to myself, just continue to live in Chloe's demented world and see how it all plays out. It can't be all that bad-can it?

Chapter Seventy-Two

Winter Formal

The Paragon Resort sparkles like a faceted stone set on black velvet. Logan lets me drive, and I sputter and pause in fits all the way there. Of course, I totally blame my atrocious driving on the dress. It's like a workout just trying to lift my leg.

Logan amuses me on the way over by telling me a bunch of strange crap that's been happening to him, like the fact he wakes up to a flat tire just about daily, that his brand new kitchen at the bowling alley almost caught fire again-twice, that he keeps losing things, and the keys to his truck keep turning up in the deep end of the pool. Only, he doesn't realize that Marshall is behind it. He openly accuses Gage.

He takes in a deep breath and pauses as we walk over to the edge of the lot.

"Aren't you coming in?" A drifting fog settles around us, blows in and out of the parking lot like an unearthly pale woman wrapping herself around him.

"I've got a few places to go," Logan looks me over as though I were a meal. "I'll be back later."

I dangle the keys in front of him. They shine like shards of glass under a careless moon.

"Those can't take me where I'm going," he shakes his head.

"You find someone to light drive with?" I wouldn't put it past him, but who?

"Maybe," he shrugs slipping into the shadows, "save a dance for me?"

I turn around and take in a lungful of Paragon's vaporous breath. I wish there were some way Logan could tell me Chloe's secret. I don't know if I believe him when he says it wouldn't help. I'm getting the feeling the only one who won't help is Logan. Maybe if I ask just one more time.

I spin around to call out his name, but he's already behind me, out of breath with a look of untamed lust in his eyes. He pulls me into a quick, hard kiss that unsettles the delusion that I could ever be over him, that I could ever hope to cut him out of my heart. A pleasurable vibration strums through the dress. Logan sends a fire through my bones far more erotic than anything Marshall could ever hope to deliver.

"I'm sorry, Skyla," he drifts back into the shadows, "I couldn't help myself."

***

I step into the Harbor Lights ballroom, pressing the back of my hand against my mouth, trying to get the vibrations of Logan's lips to stop quivering over me. It's like he's left them on my flesh as a reminder.

I'm greeted at the entry with a giant black and white poster of Kate in her cheer uniform. Next to it sits a fishbowl with dollars brimming from it. The sign reads, The Kate Winston Scholarship Fund.

"Isn't that great?" Chloe appears by my side. Her perfume wraps itself around my neck like a noose. I turn and note the skin on her face is unnaturally pocked, her bare arms dotted in the same peculiar manner. It looks offensive, contagious to say the least. "You could be the award recipient," she continues, "can you imagine how rich the irony would be? I could laugh my head off just thinking about it." Her hot breath dives down my back like a snake. "Too bad she didn't have a boyfriend you could steal."

It's hard for me to drag my eyes off Chloe's newfound deformity. She's so damn haughty, it makes me wonder if she's aware of the situation herself. Otherwise she's stunning. Her long black hair swoops under in a series of soft curls, and she wears a red strapless gown that stops six inches above her knees.

"I don't steal boyfriends, Chloe. You do."

"You think I've achieved my goal?" She lingers beside me, stretching her neck. "He still has a heart for you," the words fumble from her tongue unnaturally.

"It's called love." I see Brielle on the dance floor, alternately throwing her arms up over her head, causing the split in her dress to open and close like a mouth. Her belly peeks out, round and bulbous, like a flesh colored jawbreaker.

Marshall steps into my line of vision. He openly gazes at me while a group of girls barrage him for attention.

"So how do you like East?" I ask.

"Gage and I like it just fine. I must say, you have a knack for botching things up beautifully."

She's right. When I screw up, I don't mess around.

"Chloe," I take in an unexpected breath. Her skin is rapidly protruding into projectile bumps. I try to ignore it. "There are so many guys who would kill to love you. Why not find someone that feels the same way about you? Why lacerate Gage with your unwanted affections?"

A serious look of anguish washes across her face. OK, so maybe that last barb wasn't necessary.

"I would do anything to have what you do," her words break with emotion. "Gage and Logan on a leash? The hottest Sector in the universe?" She holds back a laugh. "And Ellis who talks about you like you're some kind of unblemished goddess?" She sticks her finger down her throat and pretends to gag.

I see Marshall off in the distance just as he gives a lewd grin in my direction. He excuses himself from a crowd of adoring girls and begins to make his way over.

"Look," I revert my attention back to Chloe, "I know for a fact Demetri is a Fem. The Fems and Sectors are playing us, Chloe. They know that you, and I, and Logan have powerful bloodlines. The last thing they want is for us to unite."

"Is that what you want? Unity?" Something in her softens.

"And Gage." What I really want is her away from him. I already have Gage and always will on the most intimate level.

"And Gage," she sweeps the floor with her gaze. "Well," that dark tunnel of nothingness returns to her eyes as she draws back her shoulders. "You've given me a lot to think about." She'd no sooner give up Gage than she would breathing. Gage is her religion-the god she lays her sacrifice of flesh in front of day after day in hopes that he'll deem her worthy and have her.

"Ladies," Marshall steps between us, and Chloe does a disappearing act.

God, if I could get Chloe on my side, on my own, I could avoid the oncoming collision with Marshall and his amped up testosterone. But that's an impossibility, like pulling water from a stone. You'd need a higher power to perform that function, and who would want to waste a miracle on someone as rotten as Chloe?

Marshall pushes in a warm kiss right on my lips, and I pull back and gasp.

"Relax," he motions around the room. "It's a friendly atmosphere, there's lots of music and merry making." He gives a short-lived smile before tweaking his head to the side and narrowing in on me with great suspicion. "Your lips...you kissed someone."

"No," I shake my head. Oh that's right, but, technically he kissed me.

"Skyla," he depresses a sigh, "things would have gone so much smoother if you had followed simple instructions. It wasn't the pretty one, was it?"

My cheeks fill with heat. "Just FYI, you've been excellent at terrorizing him."

"I'll be distributing payment for his folly later this evening-make anyone think twice before looking at the spirit sword again."

My cell goes off. It's a text from Mom.

It looks grave. Pray.

"It's Holden." I cover my mouth.

"I hear Ethan is looking forward to the family reunion," Marshall glances around the room, bored.

"And Holden?"

"Well, I suppose we'll sense his presence shortly. Might I suggest no more promises to celestial fleabags?"

"Point taken. So let's talk about the terms of our agreement."

"I like this astute business side of you. Do tell." His features darken as though he's not amused.

"Chloe leaves Gage and me the hell alone forever." Knowing Marshall, had I not highlighted the fact this arrangement should be permanent, it wouldn't be. "Make Holden disappear, again, forever. I really want to know Logan and Chloe's secret, and get me out of civic duty."

"Skyla," Marshall scoffs at my last requests.

"OK, then make sure none of that time is spent under Demetri's supervision. I'd rather die than be at his mercy, or lack thereof."

"Excellent point. I'll have the community service reverted to the ranch. The llamas create a horrendous mess."

"That's why I love you, Marshall." I place a hand over his chest, and invite that channel of pleasure to tremble through my veins.

"You do?"

"In the loose sense." I give a circular nod. "I'd much rather be cleaning stalls with you than picking up trash off the side of the road with Demetri."

My cell goes off again.

"Uh-oh." God, I secretly hope Holden's not dead. I hate dead, even if it can be a temporary condition. But it's not Mom-it's Logan.

Can you do me a big favor and pick me up? I'm at Devil's peak.

I dart my gaze around the room, looking for Gage.

B right there. ~S

"Hey, have you seen Gage anywhere?"

Marshall squints into me.

"Sorry, the music's too loud, can't hear you. Oh, look, Ms. Richards requires my assistance. I'll be back soon." He takes off so fast he leaves a vacuum in his wake.

I put a call into Gage, but there's no answer.

I'll get Logan myself, and if he's got his priorities straight, he can help me look for Gage.

I pick up the dress of steel and bolt for the door, running into a tangle of bodies in the process.

"Hey!" Michelle pushes me back, knocking me off balance. "Watch where you're going."

"Where you off to?" Nat crosses her arms. Her face is swollen, her skin alive with giant craters that mimic the ones on Chloe. I think Marshall is doling out the punishment tonight across the board. "Got another so-called friend, you want to snuff the life out of? Show off some more of your guillotine maneuvers?" She snarls like she wants a fight, and I can't say I blame her. I walk past her, and Pierce pops up like a jack-in-the box.

"Your brother is dying, again," I say. "Just thought you'd like to know."

"Cool," his head twitches back a notch.

Nice. I'm really starting to feel sorry for Holden now, although I probably shouldn't. I should feel sorry for Gage who is suddenly missing, and probably bound and gagged in one of Marshall's many dark closets.

And what's the big kissing deal with the dress anyway? It's not like it was going to mesmerize me into taking off with Marshall and living happily ever after. It wasn't, was it?

Chapter Seventy-Three

Kiss Off

"I don't get it," I whisper to myself as I fast approach Devil's peak. I saw Gage's truck in the resort parking lot not too far from where I was parked. I've called him a dozen times since I left and texted at every red light. He's probably far worse off than being hogtied in Marshall's colossal abode-Holden might not be the only one in need of new physical housing, what if Gage is dead? I straighten at the thought.

Marshall must have disposed of him after he got to the dance. He said it was important that he were the first one I kiss in this dress, and he knew I would kiss Gage the second I saw him.

I pull into the desolate parking lot overlooking Devil's Peak.

It's so creepy here at night, alone. I half expect an entire army of clown Fems to race out of the bushes and attack me. God-what if Gage is being held hostage by one? I'd be completely useless to him then.

Anyway, I'm not getting out of the car. Logan can have two broken legs, and I'm not getting out to help him. This whole thing was probably just a ruse to get me alone, so he can capture me-finish off what he started at the stone circle gathering. And this time, I seriously doubt that includes making my blood useless to the Counts.

There's a light knock at the driver's side window, and I startle in my seat.

It's just Logan.

He opens the door and reaches over to the radio, fidgets with it until he settles on a soothing rhythm.

"Can I have this dance?" He helps me out of the car.

"Is that what this is about? Gage is missing, we have to find him," I say, stretching out my limbs as I stand.

He wraps his arms around my waist, locks his gaze onto mine. The dress lets off a blissful sensation, spasms over me in waves as I drawn near to him. It creates a powerful pull-Logan is the moon, and I am the tide.

"We have to find him," I breathe the words out in less than a whisper as his lips sweep over mine so soft they leave me searching for more in their wake. I seal my mouth firmly over his, and something releases in me-clemency from the self-imposed chains around my heart. There's a crack in my existence. A torrent of wild birds flutter out of my soul-emancipated by way of Logan's tongue.

I never planned on falling into a series of mind numbing kisses with Logan. The hostile thrashing of the waves below crush the sound of the music as we dance in rhythm to our own tune. I give way to the allure of the moment. It feels right, as though we were on the cusp of something momentous, and the only way to get there is by way of our bodies. He raises my arm up in the air and sweeps his tongue along the tender underbelly halfway up my elbow-hot, like a track of lingering fire. Then it's as if an explosion goes off, a grenade, a time bomb. And we're wrestling for each other's attention, a deep well of lust that can never be satisfied. We land hard in the backseat of his car. I claw off his jacket, his shirt-his pants and underwear disappear so quick, I don't have time to analyze boxers or briefs. I run my hands up and down over his beautiful skin, warm and alive with affection for me.

In one heated moment, my dress is pulled over my waist. It is all out animal, gripping, and tearing, and biting, in turn. Kisses like a fever, love that swelters in delirium-erotic, exotic, and proud. A generous display of affection that feeds both our carnal desires.

"I love you." There, I said it. Like the releasing of an arrow, all of the weight and tension those words bound me with, absolved in three little words.

I reach up and press my palm against the cool of the window before I feel it erupt with an explosive knock on the other side.

Shit!

We sit up, startled out of our love struck stupor.

What the hell just happened?

I pull down my dress and turn away from a very clothing deficient Logan.

The driver's door opens, revealing Demetri in all his Paragon P.D. glory. His shiny gold badge flickers like a candle.

"What have we got here? True love in bloom? Displays of public affection are considered crass and looked down upon. Normally I'd ask the two of you to take the party elsewhere, but since your mother is a good friend of mine, Skyla-I'm going to ask you to return to the venue which suits your attire."

Perfect. Not only is Tad worried about the security of my virginity, so is my father's killer. Twisted. But, for once, I'm glad for the interruption. God-I almost lost it to Logan, of all people. And, to think, I wanted to. I would have opened for him like a rose in full bloom, craving the warm tender rays of the sun.

"I'll be in charge of your civic work," Demetri gives a brief smile. "I plan to best utilize your services. I hope to broaden your horizons-mold you into the well-rounded girl you were meant to be. I'll look after you as if you were my own daughter," he gives a narcotic smile. "Wear comfortable shoes."

He gets back into his patrol car and pulls out of the lot.

"Um," I turn slightly to see a fully dressed Logan with his shirt buttoned the wrong way. "I think we should get back." I crawl onto the passenger's side as he takes the wheel. "I don't know what just happened, but I'm sure Marshall and his haunted dress are to blame."

An air of desolation spirals around the two of us as he starts up the car and careens back onto the main highway.

"I didn't need that dress to feel that way, Skyla." You would think he were eulogizing our relationship the way he drags each word out in grief.

I never said I needed it either.

Chapter Seventy-Four

Trouble in the Treble

Logan parks in haste, and we race inside to see if there's any clue to Gage's whereabouts. If he's at all in the facility, Chloe would have sniffed him out by now. She's honed her stalker-like tendencies on him pretty damn well.

The hall is thumping, alive with people from East and West. It's so loud and dim, it's disorienting-nothing but a tangle of limbs on the dance floor. I have a feeling we're going to get separated, so I grab him by arm, and pull him in.

"Logan, please tell me what you know. All of these bad things will stop happening to Gage, and I'll make sure they stop happening to you, too."

"You've been doing that stuff?" He tilts his head in disbelief.

"No, it's Marshall. That's where Gage is. Marshall has him. And that's who's been tormenting you."

Logan's jaw redefines itself with anger as he jostles into the crowd, only I have a feeling Gage isn't the one he's looking for.

I spot Chloe in the back and head over.

"Where is he?" I shout into her. Her skin has puckered dramatically since I've last seen her. She looks haggard, old and tired like a witch.

She doesn't hesitate in picking up my hand, rubbing me hard with her thumb. Like you weren't just hooking up with Gage. Is this little Ms. Stupid act your cover? Because it's lame like you. She digs her gaze back over to the dance floor and nods to the audacious music blaring overhead.

I think Dudley's got him, I say.

Is this the part where we unite and fight for our right to party? Stick it to the Sectors and Fems of the universe in the name of righteousness with some of that old Celestra magic? We can be besties. Chicks before dicks and all that good stuff. She rattles my hand in front of me. I hear you're looking for some dirt on me-that you're going to great lengths to get it.

You can sleep at night, I say. I don't have anything. You know, Chloe, I really thought we were friends once. Back when it was just you and me before you showed your true colors. I actually thought of you like a sister. I was a fool of the highest order.

Back when it was just a few little light drives between friends? She lets out a cackle. I was never that into you. Personally, I don't see what Gage sees in you either.

I'm not Michelle, I say. I don't rise and fall by your every opinion of me. I'll tell you what Gage sees in me-a heart, something you seem to be able to function without.

A hard slap burns over my cheek. Chloe speeds out of the ballroom at an agitated clip.

I'm glad I pissed Chloe off. The slap was almost worth it.

I make my way over to Ellis who's sandwiched between two chicks from East.

"What?" Ellis is markedly irritated after I yank him free from his unholy arrangement.

"Where's Gage?"

"What do you mean where's Gage?" He gives an intrepid look of irritation.

"Have you seen him at any point tonight?"

He places his hand across my forehead, mockingly checking for a fever.

"I talked to both of you an hour ago." He stops gyrating to the music and sobers up. "What the hell's going on?"

That's what I'd like to know.

***

I drag Ellis outside the ballroom. The decibel level drops, but my ears remain stopped up from all the noise.

"We went on a light drive." Ellis unbuttons his shirt to cool himself. "I asked if we could do a quick run, and the three of us went together," he says it like it actually happened. Ellis is a Count, maybe this is their way of luring me back to the stone dining table, so they can fill their ruby goblets with my blood.

"Um, did I say anything? Did I mention anything I might be doing back there?"

"I don't know," he shakes his head, "you said you were going to show him the secret at the base of Devil's Peak."

"How'd you get back to the dance?" I ask, full with suspicion.

"You brought me back. You said Gage would be fine, that we could get him later."

A dry laugh gets caught in my throat.

"Thanks Ellis," I pat him on the back.

Marshall thinks he's so damn funny. Wait until I drag him by the balls all the way back to the Transfer.

***

To my surprise, Marshall gladly leaves a disgruntled Logan and heads back to the Transfer with me. Apparently, there's a Fem out there who obediently dons my face at Marshall's bidding. I can't believe she or it would be so convincing that even Gage could be fooled.

It turns out Gage has won himself a room at the estate.

The pristine mansion sits high on the ridge in all of its haunted house glory, complete with black wrought iron fence that knifes mercilessly into the lavender sky. A mass of gossamer slinks in the corner of the doorway, thick as fishnet.

God forbid, this is the hotel room that Gage foresaw us copulating in for the first time. It's dank inside, gone is the pleasant scent of apples, replaced with the much more rancid and oppressive scent of mildew. Marshall leads me to the same breathing door and spins the knob until it spontaneously opens.

It's my old room-nice to know it maintains its creepy ambiance with or without my presence. The dark hall is lined in navy velvet. Pictures of ghastly people hang disjointed on the wall as if to testify to the insanity of the structure.

"I'm invisible-he can't hear me," Marshall informs.

The distinct sound of giggling emits from the living room, and, sure enough, Gage is sitting there, along with some girl.

Shit. The Fem version of me is still here. He's probably already married and had sex with her, she was the one he was having those visions of all along. What if my entire future, as predicated by Gage, was based on nothing more than a misunderstanding?

"Gage?"

He turns to face me before springing to his feet.

"I'm so sorry! Are you OK?" I press a heated kiss on him that momentarily makes me forget we're standing in the unholy armpit of the Transfer and that the possibility of him having rutted with my lookalike was still looming overhead.

"I'm so sorry," Marshall mocks me from behind.

"Don't apologize. It's not your fault. And, yes, I'm OK." Gage touches the tip of his nose to mine. "I'm more concerned with what happened to you. Did he touch you?" Gage flexes his eyes over me quickly as if inspecting for signs of damage.

"No," I can't even look at him. Someone far worse touched me. It would kill Gage if he found out. It might even send him to Chloe's arms for real this time.

"Excuse me?" A female voice pipes up from behind him, and I'm almost afraid to look, but I do.

"Giselle!" Sisters are the best type of females to leave your boyfriend with.

"Hi Skyla," she says, before giving a flirtatious wave toward Marshall. I bite my lip and turn around to look at him accusingly.

Marshall turns with a guilty expression. As much as Gage hates him, I think Marshall and his sister have a definite spark. But, then again, Marshall can ignite a spark in just about anyone.

"You know, I was thinking," Giselle looks around nervously, "you think I could come around sometime and hang out with the family?" Her eyes are heavy with concern as if she were truly asking for permission.

"Yes! I'm sure your parents would love that!"

"I know they would," Gage pulls her in with his free arm and hugs her goodbye.

"Maybe I can see about getting you a-"

Marshall cuts me off, "No."

"I'm OK with my present state of being," she says. "I mean, you know, as long as I'm not discriminated against for being flesh deficient. I can totally handle my life this way."

"We can get together tomorrow," Gage offers.

"Perfect. I'll stop by the house in the evening." She steps back and begins to deteriorate.

"What kind of food do you like?" Gage calls out.

"I can't eat," and with that she disappears.

"Bummer," I whisper.

The screaming starts in the corridors-the sound of cryptic piano playing permeates through the walls.

"Let's get out of here," my voice quivers.

"Yes, my schedule is rather full this evening." Marshall places a hand on both our shoulders. "I have recompense to tend to."

Chapter Seventy-Five

The Switch

I'd like to think that the chaos that has taken over the winter formal was some strange phenomenon that we brought back from the Transfer, or even that this was just your run of the mill teenage super bash that was getting way the hell out of control. But, the truth is, once we land back in the ballroom, in the midst of a sea of bodies, and as soon as I see the chandeliers up above start to sway, I know full well that Holden's latest and greatest fleshly disaster is long over.

"Excuse me, Love. I'm afraid it's time the pretty Oliver receives his due." Marshall's features sharpen as he pulls the spirit sword from underneath his jacket, illuminating it discretely against his arm.

Light bulbs explode overhead one by one like some ghostly rendition of the Fourth of July.

"No," I shout up at Marshall. "Anything but this." There's no way I can stand by and watch him kill Logan.

"Have it your way. I'll execute my delivery another hour, another way." The sword replaces its glow with the look of dull metal as Marshall tucks it back into his coat. "Ms. Messenger," he brushes past me into the crowd.

The lights continue to burst in quick succession, causing tiny shards of glass to fall like hail. The exits congest as bodies collapse upon one another in a bid to escape. The room darkens with the exception of the votive candles dancing on the tables. Cell phones ignite across the expanse until the backup lights come on, just a shade lighter than the candles.

I look back in the direction Marshall was headed. I don't see any sign of him. No sign of Logan either.

***

Gage and I finally make our way out into the parking lot where the rest of the student body has amassed.

My cell goes off. It's a text from Mom.

It was touch and go. We lost him for a minute, but he's back! He's recovering rapidly. It's unbelievable.

I can believe it. I can believe just about anything.

"Holden's gone," I say.

"But is he out of our lives?" Gage digs a smile into his cheek, and it makes me want to run and hide in his dimple.

"Probably not," I say, shaking the glass out of my hair. "While you were in the Transfer, I couldn't help but think you might have accidentally got it on with the fake me."

"I swear as soon as we hit Devil's Peak, I knew it wasn't you. She had this cold look in her eyes just like that day you disappeared." He winces. "No offense, but I might need to kiss you before I go anywhere with you again." He pulls me in, brushing my lips with his.

I look up at him with the harsh light of the parking lot showering over his person. Gage is flawless. I can hardly stand to be near him, tainted in this dress of Marshall's.

"I'm not sure I want you accidentally kissing a Fem," I say. "What if it were Ezrina disguised as me, and you fell madly in love?" I pull my head back, and he peppers my neck with kisses. Truth is, I feel really bad for Ezrina, and the rotten sentence the justice alliance handed down to her and poor Nev.

"I can never love Ezrina like I love you. Unless, of course, she's a great kisser," he teases.

"Let's hope you never find out." I press in a warm series of kisses. "What kind of kisser am I?"

"The kind that keeps me up all night wanting more."

A bullhorn goes off. A nebulous voice apologizes for the unfortunate power outage that disrupted the dance, then asks us to leave the premises.

Bodies switch back and forth in every direction as talk of heading over to the bowling alley filters through the parking lot.

"You think the bowling alley is ready for the onslaught?" I pull Gage in tight by the waist.

"I think Logan will welcome the business. Where is he anyway?"

"He's pissed off at Marshall. He probably took off."

"We should do the same," Gage gives a naughty smile. I think we've ditched the subject of Logan and Marshall for now. "Let's start a party of our own."

***

I tell Gage I need to do a quick change and that I'd meet him back at the bowling alley. Instead, I drive myself to Marshall's to do the unthinkable. Tonight is the last night I'll be kissing Logan, and the last night I'll be kissing Marshall. Logan's kisses may not have benefited me but Marshall's will. I'm done with Chloe and her threats. The season of her wicked reign has come and gone. I'm reclaiming my life and my relationship with Gage. I may be Marshall's for less than a night, but Gage will be mine for a lifetime.

I let myself in, not bothering to acknowledge his overtly friendly, yet mocking, hello, and head straight upstairs. I take off the ten thousand pound dress, before strutting back into the living room with my bra, underwear, overgrown angel wings, and four-inch stacked heels. Really, I'd just like to take them off, but I think it adds to the effect, plus they can double as weapons.

"Skyla." Marshall looks up at me from the couch. He drops the remote, far more intrigued with the entertainment in front of him.

"Marshall," I let his name trickle off my tongue as I round out the stairwell. In theory, this is exactly what I should be doing to right all the wrongs in my life. In theory, people do this every day for a whole lot less. "Tell me about that enchanted dress." Really I'd just love conformation that it possessed me into almost doing the unthinkable with Logan and not confirm my suspicions that I have absolutely no control over my feelings for him.

"The dress?" Marshall jumps up, and the room ignites with lightning. "Should you have obeyed my words you wouldn't be wearing that look of trepidation. You would be swooning. Delivering yourself to me rather than circling furniture. However, you do need a kernel of interest or its efforts are null and void. And you do have more than a kernel of interest where I'm concerned, you affirm it each time you're in my presence."

I exhale, exasperated at the thought.

"So," I say, pulling an arm up over the couch seductively, "tell me how you punished Logan." I'm dying to know what happened. Maybe he's in the Transfer? Only I wouldn't make such a stink about rescuing him. I think a celestial time out might do him some good.

"My aren't we quizzical? I've yet to administer justice," he purrs.

Marshall and I engage in a game of cat and mouse as we twirl around the sofa, the table-the piano. I'm not entirely sure who's running away from who, but if the fact my heart is about to give out in fear, counts for anything, I'd probably guess it was me.

"Now, now, you've already committed," his lips curve, a malevolent gesture all their own. Marshall is at his best when he's about to get his way.

"Yes, I did-just like you've committed to extracting Chloe from my relationship with Gage. I already know I'll win the faction war with you by my side." I give a sly wink. I plan on building up his ego so far it explodes to the four corners of the room.

"I'll make it easy on you," Marshall morphs ten years his junior. This is how I remember him from our first meeting, when he introduced himself to me by way of his mouth.

Then something in me reverts, and I wake up as though I had just come to from some long horrible nightmare.

Holy crap.

I'm standing in my math teacher's living room with nothing but my underwear and a pair of wings, and might I add, feeling anything but angelic. I pluck off my heels in haste and hold them out in defense.

Marshall leans in like a lion about to pounce. "Now, this, intrigues me on a whole new level." He darts one way, sending me in the opposite direction.

"No!" I shout as he comes near me. "I'm sorry, I can't actually go through with this." I hold my hand out in an effort to stave him off.

"Let's see if I can't change your mind."

He presses in with a kiss infused with passion.

A vision appears. I'm lost in a crowd. A sea of people with no faces, just the hands of a clock, numbers that I can't read-Logan's there. He asks me to follow him, take him places.

The door bursts open, the icy night air sears my bare skin, but Marshall doesn't relent.

He presses in further and deeper, showing just one more. It's Gage. He wears a look of horror. He's bleached white, frozen like a statue, and this terrifies me.

"Skyla!" Logan wraps an arm around my waist and physically plucks me free.

He takes off after Marshall, pounding him relentlessly into the creamy white mortar of the fireplace.

Marshall gives a powerful shove, knocking Logan off his feet.

"I should rip you to pieces and feed you to the wolves," Marshall seethes. A spontaneous blaze roars to life in the enormous fireplace, licks the air with its hungry tongues. The front doors slam shut with violent force, loud as a gunshot. "I will have my way with you-under my terms, in the hour of my choosing," he hisses. "Shore up your affairs young Oliver. The scales of justice have been weighed, and you have been found wanting."

Logan staggers up and bypasses Marshall on his way to the fireplace.

"I believe this belongs to Skyla." Logan snatches one of the spirit swords from above the mantle.

"Out!" The word explodes from Marshall. The windows rattle with his deafening boom.

Logan bolts over and picks me up. He speeds us out into the driveway, pausing just shy of the Mustang and lands me on my feet.

"The keys?" Logan runs his eyes over me, clad in my underwear.

"The keys are in the car," I say, snatching off the angel wings and discarding them.

"You may not want to get into that habit," Logan's face brightens to a smile, his chest still heaving from the sprint. "Skyla, I love you more than the heavens love the sun and the moon," he whispers out of breath, and offers a soft tender kiss. A memory darts through my mind of a dream I once had long before I knew of Logan. He whispered those exact words to me-same ones that Marshall showed me in the vision.

The scar I gave him down the side of his cheek curves into a lateral smile. He picks up my hands. About Chloe's secret...

Tell me. I give a squeeze in anticipation. My expression sours as I remember the harsh reprimand I had my mother impose. "Tell me," it comes out soft, ashamed.

The Counts will know if I betray them. I can only lead you in the right direction.

"OK, we'll make a game out of it."

Ethan Landon wasn't himself.

"No, he was Holden. But Holden is dead now, and the real Ethan has come back to stay."

His eyes widen as he pushes out a smile. Chloe won't like that.

"Did Chloe know Ethan?"

How well does the grim reaper know his victims?

"Chloe is the grim reaper? Chloe killed Ethan?"

He gives a quick nod.

"Did Chloe lure him to Paragon?"

Logan pushes out a bleak smile.

"She did that to bring Tad and Mom to Paragon and, most likely, me. But how?" I stop the thought midflight. "Tad said something about Ethan saying strange things in a conversation-he believed people were after him. He was right, and I'm betting the people in question were Demetri and Chloe. He must have mentioned Paragon, and that's why Tad hauled us here. Maybe that's how she got us to the island. And what was your role?"

My uncle runs the morgue. If anyone knows how to dispose of a body, it's me.

"Only the Counts ended up taking him."

Logan presses out a smile as though he were proud of me.

"So, what can I do with this?" I finally have all the ammo I need against Chloe and have no real way of utilizing it. "I know for a fact she poisoned Emerson, but I don't know how to pin her with anything." For that matter, she knows I killed Holden.

"She's at the bowling alley. Get her into the kitchen alone, and I'll take care of the rest. I promise, after tonight, she won't stand in the way of your relationship with anyone." He stares off in the distance a moment. "I really do love you, Skyla," he pauses. "There was no way I would have ever let Marshall touch you like that. I'm just sorry I didn't come sooner."

"Thank you." A hard shiver runs through me. "I care about you, too."

"I know," he opens the door to the Mustang for me. "Oh, and, Skyla?"

"Yes?"

"Things are going to get a little wild tonight. I'm going to need you to trust me."

I give a hard stare. Logan is stone serious to the point it frightens me.

"I will. I just hope, for your sake, there's no cult gathering involved. I let you off the hook once. I don't think I have it in me to do it again, even if it is for my own good."

He raises his brows.

Doesn't say a word.

Chapter Seventy-Six

Mystery Kiss

I pull back on the sweater and jeans that I began this long night in before attempting to hunt down Gage at the bowling alley.

The parking lot is full. Cars are parked in total chaos throughout the dirt lot next door and all the way down the street. Four limos sit lining the front of the building. I'm pretty sure that's a sight I'll never see again.

I step inside to a dim lit room with a rainbow of neon decorating the lanes. I love bowling in the dark.

A pair of arms swoop in from behind and scoop me off my feet. I look up to find Gage lit up in all his dimpled glory.

"You look gorgeous tonight in case I forgot to mention it," he says.

"Which part? In my jeans or in the dress of steel?"

"Both," he leans in, "but I might need you to model the options for me one more time just to be sure."

My face explodes with heat. I'll never wear that ghastly gown again. I wouldn't even care if it doubled as a protective shield from Fems. It's forever linked to Logan and his ravenous lust-the magic we shared in the back of the Mustang. I take a big breath and exhale the memory. I don't think I'll ever forget it.

Chloe motions Gage over to shelves full of bowling balls.

"I'll check out the back and see if Logan's here," Gage takes off in the direction of the kitchen.

Ellis trots over.

"You find Gage?"

"Yes. Hey, you haven't seen Logan, have you?"

"I just saw him with you. Why? You lose him, too?"

"Very not funny, and for your information I technically didn't lose either of them, they managed to disappear on their own. By the way, I think we should have a code word for the light drives, you know, in case the Fems decide to take you for a ride again."

"OK, how about, I love Ellis? Or Ellis is the best looking guy in school or the on the island?"

"I said a word, not a paragraph on the vanity that is you."

"Love honeys."

"Where?" I ask totally disinterested in Ellis' promises of promiscuity.

"No, that's the code. You say love honeys, and I know it's you. I'll do the same. We'll have to use it in a sentence."

"Love honeys, in a sentence, got it."

"As in, you are often looking for your love honeys, Logan and Gage."

"Stop." I swat him on the arm.

"What? You are. What are you doing right now?" He backs away, laughing, landing himself in a pool of prospective love honeys, himself.

Now, where exactly are my love honeys? Honey-Gage, to be exact. I turn on my heels towards the kitchen and bump into Chloe. Her skin has broken out into aching pustules with white infected tips that look outright lethal. Marshall's payback is a real bitch.

"Come here." I drag her into the kitchen. "I really need to talk to you." Now what? Logan said get her into the kitchen, and he would take care of the rest, but I haven't seen Logan since I arrived.

"Is this another let's-be-friends love fest?" She can hardly move her lips from the thickening of her skin. "Maybe we can have a three way with Gage and really seal our union?"

The lights go out overhead, and just in time because if one more filthy thing came out of her mouth, I was going to shut it for her. Not that I'd want to touch her in this condition, ever.

"What's this? Another dismemberment ceremony you're going to initiate without my permission?" Chloe steps into me.

A square of light appears over the back wall. A film is being cued as circles and dots appear at random.

"I'm outta here," Chloe tries to dash out the door, but I spin her around instead.

Images appear. It's Chloe, handling strychnine, lacing hypodermic needles, cups, and plastic pouches with the fine white powder. The images blink out then reignite to show her injecting Emerson with tainted blood. It blinks out again, and this time the scene changes all together. It's the Black Forest, I recognize the clearing in which Ezrina hacked off my arm, only there's no sign of Ezrina. This time it's Chloe with the blade, and at the receiving end of her lethal abdominal blows is Ethan. God-she really is a killer. It goes on for another twenty seconds before it fades to black.

"I have all the evidence I need to pin you for everything," I breathe the words slow and hot into her ear.

"You killed Holden."

"A wild animal devoured him. It was well documented by Dr. Oliver himself." I'm officially a card carrying member of the, I love Barron fan club. "Remember that brief incarceration you had by way of death? It will seem almost pleasant compared to the one you'll have in prison."

"What do you want?" She seethes with a suppressed rage.

"I want the binding spirit you invoked with your bitchcraft removed from around my house," I pause. "And Gage." Really there are no other words.

She takes a deep breath. Her hair falls over her eye like a curtain as she bows into her defeat. "Done."

"Just like that?"

"Just like that." Her mouth crimps in annoyance. She storms out of the kitchen, and out of the facility. I have a feeling I'm not done with Chloe yet. Chloe Bishop doesn't go down so easy. But in the mean time...

I make a beeline out the door looking for Gage and bump into Brielle instead.

Her belly looks painfully swollen with skin stretched tight over the bulge as though she really did swallow a basketball.

"You changed! You looked so hot." She pulls at her copper curls in disappointment. "You and I are going to have to hang out a lot more, you know, go shopping-girl stuff."

I bite down on the inside of my cheek. I'm still a little leery of Brielle in general, and I have a thousand reasons why.

"You don't trust me," her head tilts dramatically.

"No, no, I do," a little, "I'll be hitting the mall hard with Mia and Melissa, you can come with." How much harm can happen to a person at the mall?

"Perfect! And I saw the new schedule. Logan has you down for a ton of hours. I'll catch you here, for sure." Her eyes sweep to the side a moment. "I saw you guys at the dance. You know, arguing-kissing. I mean it was more like a serious make-out session." She gives an apprehensive laugh.

"I wasn't kissing Logan at the dance." It was in the backseat of the Mustang, out by Devil's Peak.

"It's OK, Skyla, you don't have to pretend. It's just me."

"No really, I wasn't-where exactly did you see us making out?"

"I don't know," she shrugs, "it was in a hallway that led to some utility room. Drake and I were looking for a place to have a little privacy, and saw that it was taken, by you." She pokes me in the chest.

"It was probably just some girl that looked like me," a crippling sadness comes over me just thinking about it.

"Oh, really?" She arches a brow with a look of disbelief. "Let's see, she had on your dress, your hair, your face and, oh yeah, when I accidently knocked into the wall? You gave me one of those nervous smiles. It was classic Skyla."

"Wow, wish you had a picture." Like for real.

"I don't," she wrinkles her nose, "but Drake does. He went all covert ops in the event he needed to blackmail you."

"Yeah, it sort of runs in the family." I step over to him standing by the arcade.

"Let me see your phone." I try to snatch it out of his hand.

"Hey, hands off," he hikes it over my head. "This is serious ammo," he shoots a look of discontent over to Brielle.

"Just show me the picture. I don't even care that you have it." Because I'm a thousand percent sure it's not me.

Brielle's baby has obviously begun munching on her brain. Two Counts probably equal a zombie baby, and judging from all the reanimation going on in Ezrina's lair, I'd say that I'm pretty darn accurate.

Drake fiddles with his phone in an attempt to pull up the picture.

Of course, it wasn't me. It's clearly a case of mistaken identity. The entire facility was like walking into a cave, what with all the murky mood lighting. It was probably Lexy, or Michelle, or Chloe, and just the thought of Chloe and Logan makes me want to emulate her by sticking my finger down my throat.

Drake shines the phone in my direction and steadies it for me to see.

Honestly, I was fully expecting someone like Lexy, or Michelle, or Chloe, but not this thing of horror staring back at me.

"Oh, my God," I say, extinguishing a breath.

I let out a scream that gurgles out of my lungs until it feels as though my head is about to explode.

Chapter Seventy-Seven

The Time Traveler's Girlfriend

I find Logan and Gage locked in a heated argument in the dirt lot next to the bowling alley. The fog wraps itself around me heavy as a coat-the thick mist frosts my hair like beads of crystal stars.

"First," I push a hand into Logan's chest, "thank you for taking care of Chloe, but what the hell is going on?"

"You're welcome, and what are you talking about?" He doesn't bother to hide the fact he's mildly irritated.

"Drake has a picture of you and me in a serious lip-lock-at the dance." I make sure to include the 'at the dance' part. I just want to strangle both Drake and Marshall. Drake for taking the picture and Marshall for arranging the Fem. "It wasn't me," I insist, "it was a Fem. She time traveled with Ellis and Gage. She wasn't even wearing the same dress! It was a bad knock-off." I'm sure the dress Marshall gave me was special issue like the rest of his things.

"That's exactly what we're talking about," Gage steps in closer, totally rattled and looking for a fight. "He's got ulterior motives. He just wants you back. Don't trust him."

"You can trust me, Skyla," Logan is quick to refute.

A low growl emits from deep in the forest.

Shit. Logan probably blabbed all about Devil's Peak to get back at Gage for stealing me, which he totally didn't. Gage and I have destiny written all over us, a thousand prophetic visions say so. Maybe Logan wants all the credit of unraveling my relationship with Gage-that's the real reason he got rid of Chloe.

"Skyla," Gage looks into me with those watery blue eyes, and my mind revisits that heated scene at Devil's Peak with Logan. I just want to run, throw my hands up over my head in shame and scream that I'll never be good enough. "It was you in that picture," he presses out the words in a whisper.

"No," I shake my head. "It wasn't." This is like some bad nightmare. "I promise, I was looking for you the entire time at the dance. It was a freaking Fem." I turn to Logan, "Marshall used a Fem that day he snatched me out of class, the day of Chloe's inquisition as to what a Sector was-remember? And tonight he used the same Fem to drag Gage off to the Transfer. He's got you both fooled."

"Not this time," Gage places his hands over my shoulders, "Logan has been running around with you all night. Not this you, the you from your past-while your father was still alive, and you lived in L.A."

"I didn't know how to time travel then," I shake my head, confused, "and I have no memory of that happening. I don't remember Logan." I look over at his face, lit up like gold from the lamp up above. I would have memorized his features, gone over them in detail until I could draw him blindfolded, in the dark, with the expert ease of a sketch artist.

"I'm sorry," Logan picks up my hand and cradles it. "I swear, I never would have done it if there weren't important things I needed to do. That's how I nailed Chloe."

I snatch my hand back and lean into Gage.

"Is that how you've been getting into the future? How you've been time traveling all along? With me?" I shake my head. Logan, who was once afraid to light drive, now cruises the inventory of time as though he were God, probably playing the part while he's at it. Just the thought of him running around like that, makes me dizzy with discomfort. "It's not possible."

"It is," Gage wraps an arm around my waist and stares at me intently. "He's-"

"He's not a Celestra anymore." I cut him off in disbelief before blinking into Logan. "But, you found a way."

A pair of headlights pull into the dirt lot and beam over us, inserting far too much reality into the situation.

"I enter through your dreams, Skyla," Logan relaxes as though he could breathe now that his secret is out. "You come willingly. You think you're sleeping, and, as it turns out, you have a propensity to forget your dreams."

"Logan," I breathe his name, astonished.

An engine revs up four times as though it were readying itself for a drag race. We look over to the light flooding in our direction. The high beams kick on and off like a warning before it races forward at top speed.

Logan pushes me out of the way just as the metal grill wafts against my clothes, but both he and Gage freeze. They stare right into the vehicle. The headlights wash them white as statues. Both Logan and Gage try to jump the hood, landing themselves in the windshield. A shower of glass explodes as they eject back onto the ground. The car comes back and slams Logan in the side of the head as he slides beneath the fender, pins Gage against the trunk of an evergreen, throws itself in reverse, and does it again and again with unnatural acceleration-demonic speeds.

I begin in on a continual scream, so primal, so alive-it saws through my lungs, transcends acres, time, and space. Its sad song carries for miles.

The car halts to a stop, and the engine idles. A light rain begins to fall.

I look up to see the driver noticeably missing, the frame and color of the vehicle startlingly familiar. It's the Mustang-it's my car.

I run over, drop to my knees and stare horrified at their crumpled bodies as a mass of dark gloss pools around Gage.

"No!" A dull ache expresses itself in the form of a guttural moan.

I press my hands in his blood as I lay close to his face.

"Don't die, don't die, don't die." The words speed out of me until they're indistinguishable from one another, altogether inaudible. His blood grows cold so fast outside of his body. I want to siphon it all somehow, put it back in. I place my lips next to his, my cheek on the dirt, in the soft velvet from his marrow. I roll my lips into it, taste the salty brine, kiss him with the residue. The rain washes us anew as I linger on his lips.

A series of growls captures my attention. I spike up and find four rabid wolves barring their fangs in my direction. Reflexively I pick up a stick. The smaller wolf with blazing eyes knocks me back by the shoulders. It doesn't take much to wield all of my strength and propel him deep into the forest with one voracious push. I jump up and give a power kick to the one grazing at Gage's neck. Something pulls me to the ground from behind, landing me hard on my side. I look up to see one of the creatures airborne, flying in my direction with his knife-sharp teeth ready for the kill-and with great mercy, the world fades to nothing.

***

I rouse to a cool breeze, an echo of crickets off in the distance. I'm no longer in the dirt lot behind the bowling alley-I'm alone-not a soul around. It's dark. A night sky with a lavender glow ripples overhead. It vibrates like a living thing, not some nebulous distance that fills the volume between heaven and earth as a span of arid gases that soak up dreams and wishes.

It's the ethereal plane-region one-the faction war.

God, my mother has lousy timing.

The disc!

I dig into my jeans and pull out the round piece of iron. If I hadn't changed, if I were still wearing that dress, I'd be stuck here.

Marshall's words come back to haunt me. One flick of the disc forfeits the entire region to the enemy.

I toss the coin boldly into the air, watch as it thumps to the ground with finality.

I'll gladly let the Counts win round one-hell, I'd let them win every round just to get back to Gage and Logan's side.

The sky ignites with a brilliant flash. The earth shakes-the surroundings shift. I struggle to focus as if waking from an unsettling dream.

***

The wolf knocks me back into the mud, its fangs already locked onto my neck. Rain spears down with fury as I appear back in the dirt lot-back on Paragon, without missing a beat.

I twist and snatch it by its mane, give a massive yank that plucks the beast off my body. It claws into my arms, leaving beads of blooming scarlet before it scampers off into the woods.

Logan lies to my right with his eyes wide open, gaping up at the sky pouring down its wrath like it didn't even matter-Gage to my left with a blood soaked shirt, same dead stare, no affect, no response. I crawl up on my knees and pull both their hands into my chest. I can't lose Logan and Gage-it's unimaginable-unacceptable. I look back down at the pink wash on my arms. Blood-my Celestra blood.

"Oh, God." I pat the ground for an errant piece of glass. Without hesitating I pick up a shard, give one clean slice clear up to my elbow and run the crimson seam along Gage's perfect lips. Before I can offer my lifeblood to Logan a voice calls from the outline of darkness, just shy of the forest.

"Skyla!"

I look back and see a familiar frame, the glint of blonde hair. It's Logan.

"Help me," I plead.

He speeds over and falls on his knees beside me.

"Skyla, you have to come with me," there's an urgency in Logan's voice I haven't heard before. He's wearing the same clothes from tonight. This is where he came while I was at the dance. He knew.

A series of screams erupt as the bowling alley begins to drain. Cries of, oh my God and call 911 fill the field.

Logan yanks me up. I falter on my feet as he pulls me into the forest.

"Let go!" I try to head back, but he cages me in with his arms. "Nev!" I cry out for Nevermore.

"You have to trust me, Skyla. Everything depends on this moment."

"I can't leave! You're both dying."

"Death does come," Logan anchors me with a dark expression. "You'll be signing both our death certificates if you don't come now-you might be anyway."

"Just do it!" A female voice bleats out from behind. I catch a glimpse of her-it's like looking in a mirror-it's me.

"I have to help him. He's going to die." I look back at Gage lying in the mud-blood pooling around his body, glossy as tar.

"He does die," she shouts.

The ground trembles. An army of overgrown wolves with tails as long as leashes race into the dirt lot at bionic speeds. Green eyes that glow like lanterns light up the field. They awaken the forest with their menacing growls.

A series of unearthly screams erupt as the crowd disperses.

"What's happening?" I trip over a branch, backing away from the scene. "Nev!" I cry out for Nevermore again, but he doesn't come.

Sirens cut through in the distance.

"We need to go." Logan hooks me in tight by the waist. "We need to leave right now." He grabs a hold of the girl behind him.

"We can't change anything in the past," I roar the words into his face, struggling to break free.

"Skyla," Logan pulls his lips along my neck-lines a fire of passion with his hot breath up to my ear, "we're not going to the past."

I look over at the carnage as a group of wild beasts circle the two of them. A growling lone wolf pounces onto Gage, causing blood to spurt out of his mouth three feet high.

"Gage," I scream, as the world begins to fade.

"Gage is staring death in the face, Skyla," Logan whispers. "And in a moment-you will, too."

