1

Logan

Talking to the Dead

The sky over Paragon is dark and dismal like a reflection of my tortured heart-my soul just days from leaving the planet.

Barron and Emma are gone for the night. I've been using them as an excuse as to why I haven't told Gage yet, but they're not home, so it looks like it's game over on that good time.

I make the sad trek from my bedroom to his and give a solid knock over his door.

"What?" he barks from inside. He's been in a piss-poor mood these past few weeks-mostly because Skyla hasn't bowed to his ebony-haired glory. I can't blame him, though. It's pretty easy to get used to Skyla's special brand of idol worship, I should know. I'm sort of missing the hell out of it myself. But the reverse is true. Both Gage and I would die a thousand deaths to be with Skyla, and now I've already died, I'm a walking corpse just waiting to lie in a casket and have the lid sealed shut. The last thing to rain down on me will be dirt from the Paragon cemetery. And the story of who I am will be finished, every period in its final resting place-my earthly eyes closed forever.

I twist the knob and let myself in. "Just me."

Gage lies over his bed with the TV flipped on while a Huskies game blares in the background.

"What's up?" He switches the TV to mute and tosses the remote to the side.

"Just thought I should share a little something with you." I take a seat at his desk and roll myself over to him. "Got some shit news, dude."

His eyes round out. "Is this about-"

"My life, or lack thereof." I nod into the sorry idea. He's tried to confront me about it a few times, but I proved evasive, elusive as hell. And the truth is, at one point I didn't want anyone to know, not even Gage. "I talked to Candace." Skyla's mother has been carefully walking me through each new level of pain-although, she's the one who put me in this position to begin with. Not that I don't appreciate what she's already done for me by allowing me to have this chance at life with Skyla-even if the timer is up on that good deal. And now there's nothing to look forward to with the exception of being buried under six feet of Paragon soil.

Gage sits up with his adrenaline pumping, his eyes widening with a mix of fear and anger. "What did she say?" It comes out lackluster because deep down Gage doesn't want to hear it, just as much as I don't want to give it.

"She zapped me to the ethereal plane-told me exactly how it was going to go down. Looks like I take off for good at the end of this weekend."

"Shit." He lands his feet to the floor. His face bleaches as if he might be sick.

"Don't worry about it." I try to brush it off as if I were good to go. "It was supposed to happen this way." Not that I believe it for one f**king minute. Everything about my death has raised a dozen red flags from the beginning. I was supposed to be right here. I was supposed to live out a decent span of years-to be with Skyla. And now my life has burned up like a field fire right under my nose. I had no clue the end would come so quick. No more earthly charity for Logan Oliver.

Candace had better have one hell of a plot twist at the ready, or I'm going to be severely pissed for one long eternity.

"It shouldn't go down this way. In fact, it shouldn't go down at all." His face glazes over. "You tell Skyla yet?" His furious eyes settle over mine like cobalt flames. I don't have the balls to shake my head, so I press out a depleted smile instead. "Dude"-he straightens, serious as shit-"you have to tell her."

"I can't." I drop my elbows to my knees and stare at the hardwood floor because sometimes there are no words. "She knows it's coming. I don't see why I need to drill it home for her. "

"Drill it home for her?" His voice sinks low, pissed as hell, all for Skyla. "You don't think she's going to be upset when she finds out you never gave her the chance to say goodbye?"

"I won't be here, so I guess that's for you to know." I meet his pissed off gaze. Who the hell is he to judge me? It's mighty easy to see what's right and wrong until death is on the other foot.

"What do you mean that's for me to know?" Gage gets wild-eyed and squirrely like he does just before a fight. "Take care of this tonight. Go find her and tell her. If it's only days, she's going to want to spend every last minute with you. I know she will." His voice rises to its upper register like he's about to start a riot-like he's in the mood to snap every one of my weary bones, and I bet he is.

"Settle the f**k down." I bark it out far more animated than I wanted. "Don't you think I've thought about it? This is my business and this is how I want to deal with it. It's only going to make her miserable knowing there's a countdown taking place. That's why God doesn't stamp an expiration date on people, genius," I roar. "It's too f**king painful to deal with."

A strangled silence clots up the air as Gage bears into me, refining his rage as if he were ready and willing to catapult me into the afterlife just a little bit sooner.

"So that's it?" He huffs a dull laugh. "You tell me, and you expect me to keep it quiet. Did you tell my dad?"

"No. Just you-one and done. I'm not telling anyone else and neither are you." It never even occurred to me that Gage would go against my wishes and run around yapping to anyone let alone, Skyla. In my mind I thought we'd be hugging it out right about now-that he'd respect the fact I want him to be there for Skyla. But it's becoming obvious I need to spell it out for him. "You're going to help her get through this, dude. I want you to." My voice drops off. "I want things to work out between the two of you."

A growl of a laugh rumbles from him, but his narrowed eyes let me know he's still pissed to hell.

"You want this to be some kind of bonding exercise between Skyla and me? You're sick-you know that?" He kicks the chair I'm sitting in, and I float back a few feet. "She's going to hate both you and me if she finds out we knew and let her go about her day like it was no big deal. You know she's busy with practice. She's got a f**king paper due in Lit, that's why she's not around. You need to go to her, tell her what's happening right now. You can't just let her spend all that precious time away from you." He pauses, pulling back, stunned by some big epiphany he's having. "Wait." He holds out a hand. "You piece of shit." He huffs an incredulous laugh. "She's not going to hate you, and you know it. She's going to hate me." He leans in as if he's onto my big bad plan of deception.

Crap. Nothing could be further from the truth, and he's wrong. Skyla would never hate Gage. I've seen the way she looks at him. If that isn't love, I don't know what the hell is. Besides, he's the one fate determined would marry Skyla, not me.

"Swear to God it's not what I'm doing. I just thought-"

"You didn't think!" He charges at me, and I bounce to my feet to meet him until we're chest to chest. "You f**king never think. That's why we're in this mess to begin with." He sends me sailing into his desk, and his trophies rain down over me.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

Gage yanks me in by the T-shirt with the fire of vengeance brewing in his eyes. "That means you're talking to the wrong f**king person you idiot. You should be with Skyla right now, pouring your heart out-not hoping I'll translate how much I think you cared about her when she's broken and dying inside because you left her without so much as a goodbye." He pushes me back into his desk, good and hard, and a stack of paperbacks fall over my chest like literary precision missiles.

I get up and pat my palms over my jeans because if I don't find something to keep my hands busy, God knows I'm going to deck him.

Oh, what the hell.

I give a good swing and clock him square in the jaw.

"Shit." He holds his fingers over his mouth and inspects for blood. "You think I'm going to let you get away with that crap just because you're checking out?"

Gage needles into me with that death stare of his, and I can't tell if he's genuinely pissed or already grieving me on some level. I suppose my ego wants to believe the latter. Hell, I know Gage is hurting, too. I know I am.

"Give it to me." I flick my fingers at him like a dare. "Go ahead. Kick the shit out of me one last time-you can't kill me, I'm already dead. I get all the pain and none of the pleasure-story of my life."

"You think this is all about you, huh?" He tilts his head, mocking me. "Poor little Logan-and what about Skyla? Dude, you say you love her. She's the only thing that has ever come between us, and you'd rather take a beating from me than drive the hell to her house and tell her everything she deserves to know? You ever hear of a thing called closure? Because she's going to need it, from you, not me," he roars the words in my face so loud I can't see straight.

Maybe Gage is right-hell, I know he is. But this is me. I like to make all my mistakes right in the open, out f**king loud. And if not breaking Skyla's heart for the next few days is the only way I can think to comfort her then that's what I'm going to do. Besides, if the universe wanted her in on my dirty little secret it would tell her itself. That's how I'd be sure she was supposed to know-that it was okay to bring her into this dark hole with me. But I need Candace to help me with this, and she doesn't seem to be willing to help me out with too many things these days, other than dying. She's more than glad to assist with that little detail.

"I'm not telling, Skyla." I hold out my arms, welcoming the sucker punch I'm sure he's about to gift me.

A moment bounces by. The air in the room grows stale as if every molecule were acutely aware of what's about to go down.

His blue eyes dart into me as he winces. "Then I'm going to have to beat the shit out of you," he says it plain as fact.

"Because you love Skyla?" I give a curt nod. "You should be on your knees thanking me for eating dirt."

"On my knees?" He gives a little smirk as his chest expands. "Why's that? Because you think that's the only way I can have her-if you're not around? I'm going to f**king hold my tongue out of respect for you, but there are plenty of things I can say to prove you wrong."

And there it is. Gage always knew how to knife me with that sword parked in his mouth.

He gets in my face until we're nose to nose and roars, "Tell her!"

I don't say anything just tap my chest with the invite. "Do it but know I'm going to fight back." Only I'm not going to hit him simply because he's hitting me, I'm ready to let out some pent up rage over the fact he gets to love Skyla for the rest of his life, exactly the way I wish I could have.

Gage knocks me back, and this time the top half of his desk crashes to the ground. I don't mind implementing my Celestra strength and shoving his ass right into the hall until he damn near falls over the banister. I charge at him, and we kick and punch our way down the stairs, rolling over those final few steps like a couple of hopped up bears. We continue our newfound wrath into the kitchen, exploding cabinets, shattering bowls and plates. He tries to noose me with the blinds, and the entire infrastructure of the curtains comes crashing down. We fist it out all the way to the living room, grunting, punishing one another as if this were a blood sport where one of us had to die-only one of us is already dead, and that one is me.

"Just f**king tell her," he bellows it into my left ear, and I can't hear shit out of that side now.

My fingers dig into his shoulders as I bash him into the glass slider, over and over, until the panel cracks clear down the middle. The door slips open, and I toss his sorry ass outside. I knock him back until he falls onto the lawn and offer a swift kick to his ribcage.

"I'm not telling her shit!" I kick him again, and he yanks me down by the ankle. "You wouldn't understand because nothing ever goes wrong for you. When you fall in love, the entire universe bows down to make sure sweet baby Gage gets exactly what his little heart desires." I take in a quivering breath because the tears are right there, I can feel them. "You should've been with Chloe!" It rips from my lungs like a siren into the virginal night.

Gage slugs me in the stomach for even hinting at the idea.

"Skyla's been mine from the beginning." He pummels his fist into my gut. "I've got visions stacked to the f**king moon, so you can suck my dick." He yanks me in by the shirt, the whites of his eyes glow like flames. "She was never yours to begin with."

Every muscle in my body goes rigid because on some level what he's saying must be true, and, yet, I'm still too much of a moron to believe it.

"She's mine." I meant to say it with just as much ferocity, but it comes out barely a whisper as if my vocal cords didn't want any part of the lie.

Gage bunches my shirt up and pulls me in even closer. The blue wash of moonlight exposes a seam of blood dripping from his lip, and it makes me feel like crap knowing I did that to him.

"I can take you to her right now, Logan," he pants the words right over my mouth. "I'll stop beating the shit out of you. We'll clean you up, and you can wrap your arms around one another and not let go until you're ripped from this planet." He closes his eyes a moment as if he were in pain. "Do this for her, please. I know she'd want me to beg you. If she knew how this was going down, she'd want to see you. She loves you, dude. She's f**king head over heels, so don't hold her under the water like this. You're going to kill her." His Adam's apple rises and falls. "She'll be an empty shell. You're going to take her with you. She'll be stuck on this planet in misery because she never got a proper goodbye."

I lay my head back in the dew-covered grass and stare up at the stars veiled with Paragon's signature fog. He's right, I'm wrong, and I still can't see myself slitting her existence in half with the knife of grief. There's no way I'm inflicting an ounce of pain on her one last time.

"I don't want to say anything to her." I get up and start heading toward the house.

"You don't want to say anything because you're a f**king pu**y," Gage roars it out like a lion before tackling me to the ground.

We go at it again. Second verse same as the first.

Fists fly. Blood trickles down his face in a thick, black river.

"Stop!" A girl's voice shrills it out like the serrated edge of a saw, cutting right through this world and into the next.

Gage and I stop long enough to look up. And there she is-Skyla in all her ethereal glory. The moon glows through her hair. The stars spray out behind her as if they were venerating her beauty.

Gage gets up and pulls me to my feet.

Swear to God, I think he cracked a rib.

"I'd better go." I stumble past her. I can't look her in the eye because Gage worked me up so damn much I might cry like a pu**y until I officially receive an eviction from the planet. This wasn't near enough time to love Skyla, not how I wanted to-how I wish to God I still could.

"Not so fast." She pulls me in and lands her gentle gaze over my features. I'm sure I look like shit rolled in blood and dirt-wearing my broken heart on my sleeve. "What happened?"

I glance over to Gage because the whole f**king universe knows he's ready and willing to spill it like a seventh grade girl.

"Nothing that concerns you," I belt it out, looking right at my nephew with a threat locked in my eyes. This isn't how I want it to happen. Not like this with both Gage and I bloodied and broken, neither one of us fit to properly help her through the aftermath.

"You're making one f**king huge mistake." Gage speeds over with his leg buckling each time he takes a step. "Think about it." He tries to pull me in by the elbow, but I yank loose. "Dude." He's begging me with those deep, knowing eyes. He's begging me one last time to do it.

I pull him in hard by the shirt.

"This is my business. You got that?" I grit it out just this side of killing him and sending him to paradise first. "You f**king mind your own." I walk him back a step before giving him a hard shove into the water and watch as he sinks to the bottom of the pool. "Skyla." I wince as I say her name because it might just have sailed through my lips for the very last time. "Stay here. Take care of him."

"Where are you going?" A viral fear takes over her features as if she already knows on some level.

I glance back at the house with its upturned furniture, the drapes pulled down, the couch looks as if it's capsizing right into the living room floor. Emma is going to shit a brick when she sees what we've done to the place. There's no way I'm hanging out.

"I've got a few things I need to do," I whisper into Skyla, just shy of touching my hand to her cheek.

Gage bobs up and down in the water while panting into the night.

"Take care." I step in and land my lips over hers. I can hardly feel her. It's as if this entire world has already started to unravel, and I'm experiencing it like a memory. I look into her beautiful, glowing eyes as they reflect the stars. "Remember I'll always love you, no matter what happens." I touch my thumb to her cheek and take in her beauty one last time. A grievous smile plays on my lips, and I hate it. I hate that I can even think to smile when I know this might be the last time we lay eyes on one another.

I take off for the house and snatch my keys off the counter before jumping into the truck. I start the engine and roll down the windows to let the fog seep inside.

"What the hell happened?" Skyla's voice carries from the backyard just as clear as if she had whispered the words into my ear.

"Water's warm," Gage says a little more cheerful than I would have pegged him for after what just happened.

A dull laugh rattles from me. He's already there, back to flirting, back to begging Skyla to choose him. Maybe that's the validation he needs-for her to be officially Team Gage before I make my final exit.

"It can't be," she counters. "It's freezing out."

"I left the heater on. It's like a Roman bathtub," he shouts to her. "All right, you can help me out."

A moment of silence beats by then a splash ensues.

Well played, Gage. You've got Skyla right where you want her.

"You are so in trouble," she screams.

The sound of water being sloshed disrupts the night.

"Oh yeah?" His voice echoes over the landscape. "Come here." The air clots up with silence. "Breathe, Skyla."

It's quiet for far too long, and I'd bet good money he's covered her mouth with his.

Fuck.

I stare out the windshield, in a daze, for a small eternity.

Maybe I should tell her. Maybe I should drown Gage in the process just for the hell of it.

"I need you to breathe, Skyla." His voice tunnels up into the sky like a love song.

"I need you, too," she says it far more guarded, quiet in comparison to his romantic proclamation. "What was the fight about?"

"That's Logan's deal," he says it soft, and in that moment I know he's not going to betray me. "It's senior day tomorrow."

"The last day before winter break." She goes along with the change of subject as if she weren't even that interested in what I might be keeping from her. "Tell me you're coming to class. I'd hate for it to be just Marshall and me."

"I'm not," he whispers. "In fact, I'm heading to Host tomorrow afternoon. I'll be back in a few days. It's a football thing-coach wants to see me in action."

Host? I know for a fact this is bullshit. If he's going to Host, it's because he can't stand the thought of not telling her. He needs some metric distance to make sure it doesn't happen.

"I want to go." She sounds panicked.

Maybe she will go. At least that way when they hear of my passing, they'll be together, and Gage will have to comfort her whether he wants to or not. I don't have any doubt he wants to-it's just that he wishes I would make things easier by filling her in on the tragedy in the making. Although, I'm not sure it would make anything easier in the end.

"You'll be busy." Gage says it morose, dripping with grief. "Do what you have to do, Skyla. It's okay. I already know what happens." A beat of silence slices by. "I love you. I'll love you always and forever. Nothing changes between us. You'll always be special to me."

Tears glide down my face. If I can't hold Skyla every day until I'm old and grey, I want Gage to do it. I felt his love for her every time he kneed me in the gut. Gage and I were warring for a lot of reasons back there, and every single one of those reasons lead right to Skyla Messenger. Gage is going to love her. He's going to be her husband. He's going to make love to her night after night, and a part of me is cheering him on. Fate may not have dealt me a fair hand, but no matter how much it wrenches my gut, it doesn't mean I'm not happy for Gage.

"Are things going to change?" Skyla's voice swims like a fish through the night.

"Everything changes."

Everything changes. Gage pegged it just right.

I back out of the driveway and head for the hills, to the bowling alley to be exact. My life has become a storm. I'm the curator of all this pain. All of the damage will be of my own making. When and if I do reach heaven, I know for a fact there will be no peace. Not without Skyla. There could never be.

Gage and Skyla are going to have it all. It's just one more tough pill I have to swallow before I leave this planet for good.

I'm glad it's Gage-my friend-my brother.

I love both him and Skyla.

And I wish them nothing but the best.

2

The Death of Me

The next day, as the sun sets, the anemic number of patrons turn in their shoes and head for the exit. It's an hour to closing, and there's not a soul left in the bowling alley. I'm pretty sure my soul doesn't count, since it's all but officially been claimed by the reaper. I'm just this side of a ghost-haunting my own establishment.

The sound of footsteps making their way over eats up the silence, and I turn to find Dudley's ugly mug headed in this direction.

"Go away." I pull out the cleanser and start disinfecting the shit out of the shoes lined up on the counter. I usually hold my breath to avoid the vapors, but I don't bother. Instead, I inhale vats full of the toxic crap because there just isn't enough time for me to incubate some good, old-fashioned lung cancer.

"Senior rally is in just a few hours." He spits it out as if he were my keeper.

"Have fun. I hear if you sit near the front, you can get a nice glimpse up the cheerleaders' skirts. Rumor has it, Chloe has been known to forget her kick-pants. I bet she'll have on a thong just for you."

His cheek slides up one side. His chest thumps with the idea of a laugh. "You, of all people, know that's not the cheerleader I'm interested in."

I stop short of assaulting him and stare at him up and down. Dudley is tall as a door, eerily resembles myself, and I'd have a jealous streak a mile wide if I thought for one minute Skyla would actually leave me for this clown. Then again, he gets to hang out on the planet, just like Gage, long after I'm gone. Looks like the clown gets the last laugh after all.

"Why do you look so much like me?" I pull up a rag and begin wiping down the counter as if it were the most important task in the world.

"I believe the more accurate question is why do you look so much like me?" His brows peak, and, for a moment, I want to shake the answer out of him, but it's useless, he won't give it, and I'm tired of throwing punches.

"You're lucky because if I were in a better mood, I'd kick your Sector ass." I buff the granite counter until I can make out my reflection. I had the old chipped stuff replaced back when I had that kitchen fire. It was when the Counts were still trying to burn Skyla alive, and now that very thought sends chills up my spine because I won't be around anymore to protect her.

"Why so morose?" He leans in, landing his elbows on the granite. "Having a bad hair day?"

I glance up at him, perturbed. Dudley has a way of getting under my skin like nobody's business.

"Death makes me moody," I grunt. There are no truer words.

"Get over yourself"-he growls it out just this side of a threat-"and get to that senior rally. I want both you and Ms. Messenger where I can see you tonight. Something is amiss. That cow in the sky has notified me to keep on alert-says my services will be needed later." He looks around as if he were suspicious of the bowling alley all of a sudden.

That cow in the sky happens to be Skyla's mother.

My heart jumps around in my chest like a caged monkey because a part of me wonders if I'm the reason his services will be needed.

"I have three more days." I get back to scrubbing that countertop until it gleams like a son of a bitch.

"Three days can be an eternity if you spend them the right way."

I look up and hold his gaze heavy as stone. He knows something. He's yanking my chain, trying to get me to bite.

"I plan on doing them right." I toss the rag over my shoulder and walk over to him. "I've got a cot in the back-enough pizza to clog every artery in my body-oh, wait"-a dull smile rides on my lips-"there's not enough time to give a damn."

"Self-pity gets you nowhere." Dudley bears his tired eyes into mine. "Have you told her?"

"No," I bark it out because I'm not in the mood to relive last night's argument. Gage has been rattling around in my head all day long. I buried my phone in the office so I wouldn't have to look at it in the event he's been bombarding me with a shitload of messages. And for that matter, I'm artfully avoiding Skyla as well. As much as I don't want to hurt her, I don't think I can fake happy around her either.

"Very well." He pulls on a pair of leather driving gloves.

"That's it-very well?" I'm not sure if I'm pleasantly surprised or pissed, both perhaps.

"How you choose to spend your final hours is your bidding. No doubt she'll be upset either way, not much you can do to alleviate that pain." He pauses to reflect while staring at the kitchen. "Of course, a long goodbye might be mildly satisfying to someone like Skyla. Women seem to enjoy clinging to the ones they love, and she certainly feels that way about you." He cuts his serious-as-shit gaze to mine. "What are you waiting for?"

"Proof." There, I said it. "I don't believe for a minute this is the end of our story. Skyla was meant to be with me, not you, not Gage." I believe it, but it's like fighting an uphill battle over iced terrain with a million pounds of dy***ite strapped to my back. "I feel hopeless." I didn't mean for that last part to slip out.

"You're far from hopeless." His features soften. "Eternity waits for you. Once you enter paradise-"

"Don't you get it?" I shout, whipping my towel across his chest. "It will never feel like paradise until Skyla is right there by my side. And the fact that I'm looking forward to the day she dies like some love-sick teenager makes me feel like shit!" My voice echoes off the walls. It makes the pins rumble until the entire bowling alley thunders.

He winces at me before straightening like he's got some pole stuck up his ass. "It's not death that's the curse, it's the separation." My heart goes numb just hearing those words because, holy hell, Dudley is right. "Death has already been defeated, Logan. You've nothing to fear. You're simply walking into another room. Skyla will catch up to you before you know it, and then you can party like it's 1999-propose to one another over the lake, again and again, or whatever it is you do to express your exuberance." He heads to the exit, then pauses and twists back into me. "I'm sorry you're in such pain." His eyes moisten, and I know he means it. "This too shall pass."

And with that he disappears in a plume of fog.

This too shall pass.

It sounds like the battle cry of a dying man.

It is.

The bowling alley is officially closed, and I take to the task of scrubbing the shit out of the pizza pans. I know full well they've been seasoned with the oil we spray them down with until they look like copper, but I'm determined to return them to their stainless state. Sort of the way I wish someone, anyone in the universe, would take me aside and scrub me to my living state when I actually roamed this earth as a card-carrying member.

"Who do I have to sleep with to get some service around here?" A light voice bleats from behind, and I freeze.

"Skyla," I mouth her name, and it feels like heaven. I turn into her before picking up a dishtowel and wiping myself dry.

"You shouldn't say stuff like that." It comes out sadder than hell as I let my eyes sweep across her beauty. She's fresh-scrubbed with her hair swept back in a ponytail, and she's wearing her cheer uniform from West. I've always liked her this way best. There's something about that hot schoolgirl look that only Skyla can pull off, and she looks sexier than hell in the process.

"Relax, I'm teasing," she says it slow and measured, a hint of irritation layered just beneath her words. "You know"-she steps in and cinches me close by the belt loops-"it hurts to think you wouldn't want me like that."

My eyes ride over her features, her perfect straight nose, her full lips, those cheeks that arch to heaven, and I want to weep.

Her warm breath touches over my mouth, and it's only then I notice she's on her tiptoes, gunning for a kiss.

"That's not what I said." A painful smile tugs at my lips.

"So, what were you and Gage fighting about last night? He said it was up to you to tell me." She's trying to keep cool, but her eyes glower into me as if she'd like to be the first to rip me a new one. "I'm getting kind of tired of you keeping things from me." She latches those silver eyes over mine and doesn't let go. Skyla knows I'm keeping something from her. Gage confirmed it, and now I'm forced to stare down the barrel of truth.

"I never kept anything from you to hurt you." My voice cracks just this side of tears. I take in a lungful of air and try to pull it together. "I think you should get back together with Gage." I hold her gaze a moment, and she doesn't flinch. "You guys are probably a better fit." I pick up a stack of dripping wet pizza pans and start filing them in the storage compartment under the sink.

Silence clots up the air, and, in my experience, that's never a good sign.

I didn't want to hurt her. I didn't want her to be angry at me, or hate me, and now I've effectively done all three.

"I think we're a pretty good fit." Her voice shakes when she says it.

I look up to find the look of hurt ripe on her face. Her eyes throw poison arrows at me, and she's all but ready to grab a butcher knife. I can tell.

Fuck.

I give a brief smile before getting to the task of wiping down the counters.

"Would you stop?" Skyla pulls me in by the wrist and forces me to look into her eyes, desperate and pleading.

I drop the dishtowel and hold up my hands.

I give.

I let Gage beat the crap out of me last night. I don't see why I shouldn't let Skyla have the same opportunity. Maybe that's how I'll spend the next three days-letting those I love kick the shit out of me.

She swallows hard as tears swell in her eyes.

"What's this 'be with Gage' bullshit? What if I want to be with Logan?" she shouts it out like a verbal assault.

"Skyla." My face pinches with grief watching her heart bleed out over the two of us all because I was arrogant enough to have carved my name across it. I should have never pursued her. As soon as she told me that Gage had a vision of the two of them getting married, I should have backed the hell off. "I don't think you can ever be with me." There, I said it.

"But what about the visions?" Her forehead wrinkles. Her lips tremble.

I know she's talking about our visions-the ones that are proving to be useless.

"I don't know what they meant." I match her tone as I swallow back tears. "I could have been in a Treble or visiting from paradise. All I know is that I'm not the one for you." Skyla shakes her head as if she won't accept it. "He is." It thunders from me, sterner than necessary.

"That's not true," she spills the words easy as oil.

"A Treble can't last forever." I close my eyes. How did we ever get here? "I talked to your mother last week." And there it is. Now she can surmise where this conversation is headed, and we can call a truce. Skyla knows damn well her mother is synonymous with bad news.

Her face bleaches out. She looks like she might be sick, and now I wish Gage were here to comfort her. God knows I can only bring more misery.

"Is this what you and Gage fought about?" She shakes her head because she already knows the answer. "What did she say?"

I pull her in and ride my hands over her back, the look of grief rife on my face. There's no escaping my death now. Before, with Skyla in the dark, it was as if we could both leave it on a good note, and now here we are, stuck in the pit, in the mire, unable to move from all of the trauma I've somehow inflicted.

"Skyla, you're just wasting your time with me." The words break through that painful knot sitting in my throat like they needed to. I meant every single one. "I'll be the last person to toy with your heart." I swear it.

"You're toying with it now whether you like it or not. I want to be with you." She cries out with desperation while threading our fingers together.

I want Logan in the worst way possible especially now that my mother is about to swing another sickle in his direction. I don't know who to hate more, my mother or Chloe.

"Hate no one." I pull her in and hold back a smile. I know Skyla doesn't care for it when I listen in. "You have all of my heart, all of me, and I will love you into the depths of eternity."

"No." She shakes her head like a frightened little girl. "We're going to get our happily ever after, just you wait and see."

There's no way I can jump on that bandwagon. No matter how hard I try, I can't seem to catch a ray of hope headed in that direction.

"Shit." She pushes me away and takes a step back. Skyla runs her angry gaze up and down my body as if I've finally done it-I've finally let her down. "Thanks a hell of a lot for giving up on us."

Skyla bolts out of the bowling alley with her cheer skirt kicking up in the back, and I savor the moment because it's the last time I'll see her running from me, and I know this to be true.

As much as Skyla doesn't want to admit it, she and Gage are going to live a great life together. I'm already as insignificant as a grain of sand, and she doesn't know it.

I turn on the sink and run my face under it so I won't have to own the tears.

But I weep like a pu**y.

Yes, I do.

3

Perfect Love

The night wind whistles through a crack in the kitchen, and all I can think about is how cold it will be for Skyla at the senior rally tonight. I push the broom back and forth over the floor of the bowling alley, trying not to notice that the wood needs to be refinished.

I'm pretty sure when my father died, he had no clue he was leaving me a legacy, and now I can't help but wonder what's going to happen to this place once I'm gone. Some legacy, I've got nobody. I suppose if Gage wanted to take over, I'd hand it to him without thinking twice-come to think of it, I'd hand him the keys to the f**king truck, every damn piece of electronic equipment I own, the clothes off my back, hell, why not. I'm already gifting him Skyla on a silver platter. Winner takes all, and the winner is Gage Oliver.

I shake my head at the thought of my dark-haired nephew scoring the haul of a lifetime-not that he cares about anything I might bequeath him other than my girlfriend. She hasn't been that in so long, but I've never had the heart to think of her as anything less. Not during all those torturous months she was with Gage, not lately while she isn't with anyone in particular. She'll always be mine. Gage, on the other hand, is far less of a nephew to me and far more of a brother. I wonder what he thinks of me. I wonder if he thinks of me as anything but an obstacle to his one and only obsession. Deep down I know that's what he's been these past two years-a barrier between Skyla and me. In my case it happens to be a reality, for him I'm nothing but a nightmare that the two of them might remember once I'm gone. I'd like to think it weren't so, but I can only imagine the ghost of who I was will haunt them both, long into the future.

Crap.

I jab the broom into the gutter like I was doing any good. Wish I knew what the hell all those damn prophecies meant. I would have anteed up both my balls and bet on the fact I'd be the last man standing. It was going to be Skyla and me in the end, our beautiful child walking between us on that sandy beach just like in that vision. Our new home, our bowling alley, and we'd lay our heads to rest on our bed at night. But I guess fate had other plans. Fate can be a real bitch, and her name just so happens to be Candace Messenger. I still don't get it, though. We had a deal-a deal with the devil.

I was getting too close to glory. That should have been my first red flag because Logan Oliver always eats shit and dies in the end, or at least that's the story fate has been trying to write. Fate burned my flesh in the last life, and it's burning my heart and soul alive in this one.

I lose.

Gage wins.

Simple math.

And don't get me f**king started on Dudley.

A loud crash comes from the front as glass shoots through the bowling alley like sideways rain. Shit. That's what I get for even thinking of my least favorite Sector.

A beautiful blur moves in this direction.

It's not my least favorite anything, it's a gorgeous blonde, the only one that could ever make my adrenaline skyrocket, and every part of my body stands up at attention-it's Skyla Messenger.

She skids over on her knees like she's sliding into home, staring up at me as if she's just seen the face of God, or at least that's what my ego is feeding me.

"You're not going to beat the crap out of me again, are you?" A dejected smile thins out on my lips. Not that I wouldn't take a beating from her, hell, I'd give her a whip and a bat and tell her to go to town if that's all she were willing to give me. Love-hate, I'd take anything Skyla is willing to throw my way, so long as I can feel something from her.

She shakes her head never taking her eyes off mine. Her tiny hand opens exposing something I never thought I'd see again in my life, at least not apart from Chloe Bishop-the protective hedge.

Holy. Shit.

"Skyla." I fall to my knees and carefully extract it from her palm. This is it-The Eye of Refuge. I hold it up as the light pours through its sky blue eye, and swear to God it just winked at the two of us.

It's home. Thank God.

I bring it to my lips and kiss it sweetly, soft, as if it were my grandmother's cheek. I hope she's looking down over us. I hope to God she sees we have it, that it's Skyla who brought it back to where it belongs.

"Take this, put it on, and never, ever remove it." My fingers work with the dexterity of a magician as I place the pendant on the chain around her neck, right next to the mirrored heart I gifted her for her birthday. Here they are, the two tokens of my affection on the lovely neck of the girl I love. I pray when she looks at them she'll always remember what we had. How my heart beat for only her. How my entire being was created for the sole purpose of loving her in this small window of time.

"You asked me a question last summer, and I never gave you an answer." She bats those thick lashes at me, and my insides cinch. I know exactly what I asked, and my heart stops for a moment. "My answer is yes, Logan." That killer grin of hers takes over. "Yes, I want to marry you."

I blow back an inch. Sucker punch is the only way to describe it.

This is a tragedy and nightmare all rolled into one. Looks like the universe decided to give the starving man a meal only to kill him off before he can take a solid bite.

I pick up her hands and land my lips over them in turn. It takes everything I've got not to break down and cry. God knows I want to-that I'm already raining rivers on the inside.

"That's very sweet of you. I'm really flattered"-I give a lopsided smile-"but I can't marry you, Skyla. You deserve better-for starters, someone who's alive." Words I never wanted to hear myself say. Sometimes life gives you a left hook, and you just have to roll with it, but something in my gut says hell no, fight the f**k back.

"Logan." She tugs at me as if this were all a game. "Please"-her eyes plead with anguish on a soulful level that words could never do-"I know everything. I met with my mother. I know, Logan." She winces into me with grief. "I know exactly what you were afraid to tell me." She glances down a moment. "I know why you're hiding out in the bowling alley, avoiding the world and everyone in it. And I know why Gage chose this weekend to visit Host." Her eyes moisten with tears. Her lips tremble because it's too damn painful to get the words out. That's all I'm good for now-pain of the highest order. "God, Logan, can't you see this is killing me? Let me have you. Please, be mine. I'm begging you-Logan, be my husband."

Something in me loosens. The silver cord of pain is severed, and I let go of all the grief and accept the final ride for what it's panning out to be-a good one.

"You know I can't deny you anything." I run my fingers through her hair, soft as air. "You've got me. You've already got every damn part of me." And there are no truer words.

"Then say yes." Her clear blue eyes press into me hard as flint. She's shaking. Her open wanting has me aching for her in ways I didn't think were possible-at least not with a sickle hanging over my head.

I shake my head.

If we're going to do this, we're going to do it right.

"Stand up," I give it like an order while holding back the smile tugging at my lips.

Skyla carefully rises to her feet, never taking those sweet, clear eyes off mine.

But I don't bother getting up. Instead, I remain steadfast on my knees. I hold her hands as my lips expand in one never-ending grin and all of the agony, the defeat, the soul-blistering pain we've endured these last two years evaporates into smoke.

"Skyla Laurel Messenger"-I bow into her hands and kiss them both in a simple act of worship-"will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" My Adam's apple rises and falls as a touch of grief sweeps through me. This isn't how it's supposed to be. I would have sworn on my life it should have been different, but I'll take a mile from the inch fate is willing to gift me.

"Yes!" Skyla jumps and screams before knocking us both to the floor. She lands on top of me, her chest still bubbling with laughter. Our hearts beat erratic over one another. If joy were a trampoline, our hearts were on it together at last.

I wrap my arms around her tiny waist and bury my face in her curls before landing kiss after kiss over her beautiful lips.

"I wish I had a ring." The words vibrate through me long after I say them. A ring would only bring her pain once I'm gone. I shouldn't have said it.

"We have something better." She plucks the protective hedge from her cle**age and dangles it between us. "Chloe gifted it to me. It's officially ours."

"Yours, Skyla. It's most definitely yours. I can die a happy man now." I lean in until our foreheads touch and feel her warmth covering me from head to toe. "I can rest in peace." And I mean that in every way.

"Not yet." Skyla lays over me until her body molds to mine, and I bury a groan in my chest because it feels so damn good. "You said I could have all of you," she whispers, running her finger over my features. Her glowing eyes lock onto mine, and an invisible inferno ignites around us. "Give me every part of you, tonight."

Tonight.

My eyes widen at the prospect. It would mean I could taste her, have her, fulfill my every desire-every damn fantasy that's been spinning through my twisted mind for the past two years has the opportunity to come to fruition.

What the hell.

"Okay." I hear myself say as a dull laugh rattles from my chest. "But only after I make you an honest woman."

"Yes! We can exchange vows." She sinks a careful kiss over my lips, heated and ripe for more.

"I was thinking something a little more official." I may not be able to give her length of years, but I'll be damned if I can't gift her a wedding.

"On a Friday night after eight? There's not a soul who will marry us."

I sit up and pull her onto my lap.

"If I remember right"-I breathe the words into her ear-"you once said you wanted to get married at the Falls of Virtue." I'll never forget our first trip to the falls. It was magic-it was destiny, but it was also the day I learned she'll be marrying Gage at some point in the future. Everything about that day was bittersweet because it was the moment I knew I'd love her forever, no matter what the outcome would be, or how much it might hurt.

"I did." She tilts into me, her milk-white teeth grazing over her lip. "And you remember."

"Of course. I cherish every second we've ever spent together." And replay them until I can't take the pain, but I leave that part out.

"Oh, Logan." There's a touch of grief in her eyes when she says it. "The Falls of Virtue." Skyla's face fills with wonder. "Should we take the Mustang?"

The Mustang. That's a sweet thought, and it's just like Skyla to want to dip the moment in a memory that means so much to the two of us. I hope she loves that Mustang forever. Ten bucks says Gage trades it in for a minivan, first chance he gets. I brush the thought of Gage and his tribe of dark-haired children out of my mind.

"I've got a supervising spirit that can get us there a little faster." I turn around to find the bastard sitting on the counter. I've felt his stare like a lead weight for the last ten seconds. "Falls of Virtue, please."

I turn my full attention back to Skyla-back to my beautiful bride. Our lips crash over one another, and we detonate in a powder keg of kisses that unleash all of the pain and joy, the frustration and the ecstasy we've been harboring since the moment we were born. Instinctually we've been on this trajectory, two arrows traveling at the speed of light, we were just hitting our stride, arcing out into a thing of beauty. We were meant to be together, Skyla and me. I've known it all my life, and I know it more so in death-it's the middle where things got tricky for us as they so often do.

The bowling alley evaporates around us as we surge toward destiny.

The Falls of Virtue wait for us-for the future Mr. and Mrs. Logan Oliver.

The lake quivers below, illuminated with lines of dancing water as the moon lights up the night.

Skyla and I materialize at the diving board, a granite rock that overlooks the small lake. We watch as the ferocious falls pour all of their affection into the water below. She's still locked in my arms, safe, right where she belongs-right here with me.

"We're here!" She jumps up and peels a kiss off my lips. Her lids are hooded low, her full lips call to me to take a quick bite, so I do.

Skyla is primed and ready, her body already stroking against mine with an invitation. Ours will be a honeymoon for the ages. I can feel it. I pray it lasts ten thousand years. I'd say fate owed me at least that much.

"Indeed you are here," Dudley booms from behind.

Skyla turns and gasps in horror at the sight of him.

In all honesty, I wish that was the reaction she had around him all the time. I wish she were repulsed by him, but I know it's the furthest thing from the truth.

A quivering breath escapes her. "I suppose you came for this." She holds out the protective hedge as if she were making an offering.

"That's not why I'm here." He strides over, glaring at me because he knows damn well what's required of him. I try to hide the shit-eating grin that's budding on my lips. I couldn't think of a better way to stick it to Dudley, even if it's nothing more than tongue in cheek at this point. We both know how things really play out. "You requested my presence?"

"Are you...?" Skyla's mouth falls open. She's putting the pieces together faster than she can finish the thought. "Is he your supervising spirit?"

I close my eyes for a moment. "We had an argument one day-"

"It was brutal," Dudley interjects, still needling me with those beady eyes of his. "Fists were exchanged. You're quite lucky a mortal blow wasn't dealt."

I nod into his dig because at the end of the day, a mortal blow wasn't necessary.

"Yes, well"-score one for Dudley-"I'm dead now, so it's a moot point." I cast my eyes right back where they belong, on Skyla. "Anyway, we realized we were fighting for the same team." True story. "We both want you safe." I don't really mind Dudley all that much, but no need to fess up now. We'll have plenty of time to hug it out later, on the flip side of life, and, unfortunately for me, that will be sooner than anticipated.

"Once he committed to the Countenance on your behalf, I knew there was nothing he wouldn't do to keep you secure." Dudley continues yapping as if anyone cared. "Although we haven't always seen eye to eye," he says that last part like a threat. "You've no idea how close I came to castrating him after that little stunt he pulled with the Justice Alliance."

"Here, Marshall." Skyla takes off her necklace, desperate to get him to shut the f**k up. "I want you to be safe, right here on Paragon. I'm gifting it to you. It's yours now." The Eye of Refuge winks and glows, and my stomach wants to explode in a vat of acid in response to Skyla's random act of kindness. The hedge is for her alone, and my heart sinks like granite just witnessing the exchange.

Shit. This is not how it's supposed to be. That necklace should never leave her hands.

I shoot a look to Dudley that says I'll knife off your balls if you accept that.

The moon darkens to soot. A purple haze sweeps through the vicinity subtle as a tornado. A bolt of lightning touches down just shy of Dudley, and I blink a wry smile because, for a second, I thought I was getting an early wedding gift from God, himself-one deep-fried Sector. But I'm not that lucky, never have been, never will be. Instead, the pillar of light bursts to life by way of long, flowing hair that rivals Skyla's with its beauty, glowing skin, eyes like a tiger, or demon, take your pick-it's Skyla's mother-Candace Messenger, herself.

"What's this I hear about a wedding?" Candace growls it out like a threat while her citrus-sweet scent strangles our senses.

Skyla softens in my arms, relaxed and happy to see her.

"For you." Marshall is quick to kiss Candace's ass by gifting her the hedge, and I breathe a sigh of relief because I know for a fact her mother wants Skyla to have it as much as I do.

"Very well." She takes it from him and examines it in the anemic moonlight. It doesn't wink or blink or do any of its pony tricks for her. It just lies there, playing dead, and I'm half-afraid she'll discount its worth-forget about putting it back where it truly belongs, around Skyla's neck. "I see you're marrying Logan." She smiles lovingly at her daughter, and this warms me as if she had verbalized her approval of me. I guess in the end I want it. I want it more than anything because she's the reason I'm here to begin with.

"May I have your daughter's hand in marriage?" I reel Skyla in close and warm her with my hands.

"Of course." She looks perplexed that I'd even ask. "That's the very reason I brought you to Paragon. She's the reason your life was spared and returned to you in another time." She emulates Skyla's million-watt smile, and every cell in my body rejoices to hear those words I've longed for-I want to replay them on a loop, shout them out for the world to hear. Water has come to the desert. I was made for Skyla-for this moment. "For you, Skyla. Consider it a wedding gift." She plants a kiss on the pendant, and it miraculously appears back around Skyla's neck, dangling from the chain, right along with my mirrored heart. "Get on with the proceedings." She nods at Dudley. "I'm anxious to see these two bound in union."

That makes two of us.

"In a moment." Dudley doesn't waste time prolonging his misery. Figures. I'd expect nothing less. "My turn to bequeath the bride a gift. Come love." He takes Skyla by the hand, and they take off behind the bushes. God only knows what lewd and crude gift he's trying to force on her-probably his tongue. But I can feel Skyla's sad ache pouring from her hand to mine before she took off with him. She's feeling it for him whether I like it or not. Dudley burrowed into her heart while I wasn't looking, just like Gage did. I poured my guts out to Candace about it a few weeks back, and she assured me there was a reason, a season. It was that last part that unnerved me. I wish all of Skyla's "seasons" were spent with me.

"Rumor has it there's a wedding here tonight," a male voice quakes through the night, and I turn to find Nathan Messenger-Skyla's father.

"You're here." I swell with relief. It wouldn't have felt official without him, not to me and, for sure, not to Skyla. "May I have your daughter's hand in marriage?"

"Are you kidding?" He slaps me over the back. "For you, I'll throw in the rest of her." He offers a warm embrace, and I take it. I have no memory of my own father ever holding me like this, and, if anything, Nathan feels like a close second. As much as I love Barron and appreciate him raising me, it never felt quite like this. Something about Nathan has always felt like family. He felt like my dad.

Dudley and Skyla emerge from behind the juniper bush, and my heart bottoms out at her sheer beauty.

Holy mother of God. Skyla Messenger never looked so stunning. Her hair is swept back. She's wearing a luminescent gown that looks as if it's been ripped right off a Greek goddess. Skyla shimmers with joy as she makes her way to me. She's trembling. Her breathing is fast and loose, and she exudes an unstoppable joy, all for me.

She cuts her gaze across to her father.

"Dad!" Skyla lunges at him with a hug, nearly knocking the two of them right off the ledge.

He plants a kiss on the top of her head. "Do you want this, Skyla?"

"With everything in me," she pants through a smile.

"Then I gift you my blessing." He lands another kiss over her forehead and walks Skyla to my side.

Now I'm the one who's trembling. My breathing barrels way past fast and loose, and my joy skyrockets straight to the throne of God. This is it. This is the moment I've waited for.

Nathan smiles in my direction before releasing Skyla to me like a chain of love. She's mine now if only for a little while. I pull her in close, careful as blown glass.

"Skyla, Logan?" Dudley bows into the two of us before glancing back at Candace. She gives the slight trace of a nod, and it feels as if the floodgates of Heaven just opened. "Would the two of you be willing to share this life and all of its riches, all of its grievances until the good Lord sees fit to sever the cord and call one of you home to paradise?" That person being me, but right now I'm all about the present.

"Yes." I galvanize my gaze over Skyla. "It would be an honor." More than an honor. It's a f**king privilege.

"And, Skyla?" Dudley frowns into her, but she's too lost in the moment to notice. "Do you desire Logan to be your husband?" He sneers as if repulsed by the idea, and no doubt he is.

She gives my hands a quick squeeze that says yes before her lips ever do. Skyla is already lost in a sea of what's to come. I can see the sheets burning in her eyes, plain as day, and it's my body raking over hers that's causing those flames. She's three steps ahead of the game, but, then, she always has been, and so have I. This is the moment we've waited for-longed for-our hearts finally beating as one.

"I do." Her words swim out like a dream into the night, and I can hardly believe I'm here to witness the event, let alone live it-mostly.

Dudley lets out a dull roar as if he were about to morph into a dragon and eviscerate me for the hell of it. I'm pretty sure he hasn't taken it off the table just yet.

"You may now loosely embrace the bride," he grunts it out as if he were in pain. I hope his balls ache from the effort.

"Sector?" Candace all but stomps on his shoe.

"Very well." Dudley holds his hands out toward us, and the world, Paragon, begins to warp like a dream.

You'll owe me in spades until kingdom come, Oliver. Dudley's voice curls in my subconscious. Mark my words, you'll be kissing my feet sooner than later. Appreciate this brief morsel. She's your wife-but only for now.

Just a few hours ago I was imagining myself stone cold in a casket, and yet here I am with a renewed lease on life, if only for a little while.

"Kiss the bride," Dudley says it soft as a faraway echo just as we disappear.

4

All through the Night

A candlelit room appears, wide and gaping. The air is scented with a hint of fire and roses as the flames flash over the walls like a reflex.

I'm soaking wet from the chest down with Skyla lying on top of me in an oversized bathtub-an entire warm ocean just for the two of us. We're still in our clothes, me in my Levis and her in a crisp, white gown that has effectively been reduced to vellum, nothing but wax paper that glows with the color of her skin underneath. Her fingers are knotted my hair. Her sweet head rests over my chest, and I don't want to move or breathe-just soak in the magic of the moment.

Rose petals float in our wake, but I can't seem to take my eyes off my glittering bride. Her skin gives the sweet smell of perfume mixing with that natural scent of cinnamon her body manufactures, and my dick roars to life like an engine.

Skyla gives a triumphant smile as she lifts out of the water just enough to take in the gargantuan bathroom. An oversized window sits to our left, and we gaze out at the midnight world together. A wash of grey sweeps over the landscape, soft white lights bleed out their beams, creating a halo over everything they touch.

"Where are we?" she whispers, wrapping her arms around me as if she were grounding herself to an anchor. I dig my fingers into her hips. If this is a dream, like I'm afraid it is, she might float away, and I'll have to peel her off the ceiling.

I lean over her shoulder to take in the view a little better. The streets are all but deserted for the night. And from this bird's eye view, the winking city lights flirt with the night. I'm guessing we're four stories high judging by the size of those trees surrounding the base of the hotel. Then I see it. Across the street, lit up like a lamp, is the very place Skyla and I visited on one particular light drive-the Colosseum. My stomach thumps like a heartbeat at the sight of it.

"We're in Rome, Skyla." I point over to it, and I can feel her mood plummet just a bit as she relives the memories from that ill-fated night. I can see it playing out in her mind like a bad movie reel. Skyla and I birthed a carnage that would echo through time and eventually cost us more than we could ever understand. It was all my shit-brained idea that landed us in the mess. It usually is when trouble is on the horizon, so neither of us should be too surprised at what it might cost us.

She tilts her head as if the overgrown theater amused her. It stamps across the landscape like a brown stone moon that fell to the planet long ago and no one really cared about.

A smile tugs at my lips. I love listening in on Skyla's thoughts. She's become a master of holding them back just like Gage-just like me, but when she lets one slip through the cracks, I always appreciate it. I hope she lets them slip tonight because I want all of her. As much as my body wants to thrust inside her, my brain wants in on the action, too. I've dreamed of making love to Skyla, of the magic it could be with our bodies and synapses firing in tune. We could set the whole damn world on fire with our bodies, our minds, our hearts. We've always been a powerhouse in the making, and tonight would prove it.

"Rome," she whispers it, fresh as a dream. This is exactly where I told Logan I wanted to spend our honeymoon one day. "Thank you." She sweeps her hand over my chest and lands those glowing blue eyes over mine-twin pools, deep with affection just for me. "I believe you owe me a kiss."

And here we are-at what will forever be known as my favorite moment in time. I can't hold back the smile that's been dying to take over, one second longer, as I pull her close to me-her mouth a breath away from mine.

This is bliss.

When the fire of my life dies down, somewhere in the dust and cinder, in the aftermath of who I would soon become, this beautiful memory will live forever.

"I believe you owe me a kiss." I don't wait for a rebuttal or a single thought to cross either of our minds. Instead, I lean in and sweep my lips over hers. Skyla crashes over me and detonates like a powder keg. Pure kisses. Eternal kisses. Kisses approved and ordained by God, himself, and not a soul in the world can contest our efforts. For a moment I doubted we were possible-like an ocean over the sky. But this is our time, Skyla and me.

In one clean sweep, I pull us both out of the water and stand Skyla next to me, just taking in her beauty in the way you would a sacred statue from some fragile long-forgotten century. She outshines the moonlight streaming in as if she had swallowed the stars. The room loses all color and form, overpowered by her ecclesiastic grace. The candles flicker in her presence as if they, too, are venerating her beauty. My eyes never leave hers as I run my hands over her waist, slow and determined, down her perfect thighs before pulling the dress right off her body. Here she is, in her lace bra and panties-a masterpiece right off the lingerie runway. One of my first memories of Skyla is of her dressed like this. We swam at the Falls of Virtue when everything was still new and I hadn't had the time to f**k a single thing up between us. We shared kisses that afternoon that testified that we would make it someday, and here we are, ready to prove ourselves right.

I sweep my eyes down the river of her curves. Hot damn.

Skyla is a testament to the female anatomy. Hers is a physical perfection that borders on insanity.

My eyes move over her, slow and intrusive. It takes great effort not to let her into my thoughts. Every part of me wants to cave into Skyla tonight. I swipe a towel from the counter and lay it over her shoulders, drying the water that's beading down her body in long, seductive trails. Her flesh shivers, her breathing picks up pace. The slight trace of fear mixed with excitement blooms in her eyes.

I take a step into her until the heat from my body engulfs her like a flame.

"I love you more than the heavens love the sun and the moon, Skyla." I crash my lips to hers and pour all of my love into that one lingual exchange. This is it. Our honeymoon. It has all come full circle from that first moment I set eyes on her in the bowling alley. She's finally mine, for a short breath of time, and I'm determined to enjoy it-to savor it for all eternity. I'm determined to make every heartbeat stretch to the length of a thousand years. Tonight there are bodies to be explored, hers and mine. It's as if the universe is breaking all of the rules for us tonight, God, himself, is bending his will to allow this miracle to happen, and in no way will I allow a second to drift by without pouring out my affection for her.

I take Skyla into my arms and carry her into the overgrown bedroom with enough candles lit on the periphery to rival the sun. Every flicker of the flames feels like the flash of a camera. The celestial paparazzi have shown up in droves to document the marvel of our love. A four-poster bed lies in the center of the room covered with rose petals, and I tuck a wry smile in my cheek at the thought of Dudley putting together the finishing touches. He was right. I'll owe his twisted Sector ass for this one.

The petals give off a strong, lush scent-far better than any damn flower on earth could ever smell. I inhale deeply, ingraining the scent into my memory. If I could encapsulate my love for Skyla in a single fragrance, this would be it, aloe and vanilla, a hint of something sweet layered just beneath.

"Beautiful," she pants out the word as her gaze travels around the room. Her eyes snag on the candles, their roiling flames winking in and out of turn. They drip their wax like rivers rushing down the waxen pillars, driving home the point that everything is ephemeral. It all ends. And with that piece-of-shit knowledge, the weight of the future presses down over this room-my heart-and it takes a bionic effort to chase it away.

"You are beautiful." I push the words past the knot forming in my throat. My gaze never leaves her. I need to focus on Skyla, on the fact that my dick has hardened to stone in her honor, and, for once, it might actually get some relief from the object of its desire.

I refuse to give in to the looming phantom that death has become. Instead, my heart explodes with my love for Skyla and chases any shadow of the afterlife away. I lay her over the bed and land a sea of sweet kisses over her cheeks, her nose, her perfect, swollen lips. I want to kiss every inch of Skyla tonight, and I plan to.

She leans up and glances over at the nightstand at a basket filled with foil packets.

Looks like Dudley was up on every last detail.

"A bowlful of condoms." She gives a sly smile. Skyla doesn't seem to be nervous in the least, and I'm glad. I don't want her to be. I wish I wasn't.

"Dudley's an extremist."

"I think he's a realist." She darts her pale eyes to mine, and I bury a laugh in my chest. I, for damn sure, like where she's going with this. Skyla leans in, scouting for another kiss, but I take my time grazing over her cheek with my mouth the way I sometimes do with an apple, taking in its hypnotic scent before I take that first, lush bite.

My lips smooth over hers soft as air before I bounce my tongue along her teeth. My mouth finds hers, and I kiss her with the intensity and passion that this interval of time deserves. My tongue slides over hers, slow at first, then hungry, unable to satisfy itself. The more we kiss the more I need to. This is an insatiable desire. My tongue is a flame and Skyla the gasoline. I needed her. I can't exist without her.

Skyla gives a soft moan, and I lose it. This is the moment, these are the memories I want us both to remember for the rest of our eternal lives. I want Skyla to hold every other kiss she receives in her life up to this one. I want to set the bar so damn high there's no way in hell Gage or Dudley could ever come close to loving her the way I do.

Her body trembles beneath mine as her kisses become rabid and primal. Skyla is starving for what's to come, and the best feeling of all is knowing she wants this, craves it just as bad as I do.

Her hands glide up my chest in a fever. She works my shirt up until I pull it off. Her fingers float over my bare flesh like hot coals raking over my damp body.

A wicked grin plays on my lips as I gaze down at her for a moment. A warrior pinning his prey, my ego wants to own it, but I know better. I belonged to her. Skyla is setting the rules, creating the pathways in this new world. I'm her sexual soldier ready to serve. The plaything chosen by the queen. She could put me on a leash. Skyla owns me in the worst way.

This is it. Only a few articles of clothing separate us from one another. We're right there at the threshold of consummating something so perfect and right.

I bury a sea of kisses in her neck before running my tongue down her chest in one smooth track. I peck over her skin all the way back to her perfect mouth, heavy as snow, and land my lips over hers. My chest pumps a million miles a minute with enough adrenaline coursing through my veins to get me to the moon and back. Every heartbeat detonates like its own orgasm-explosion after erotic explosion.

I thought I could handle being with Skyla-that I would be the calm one, and here I am, shaking, trembling for her touch as much as she is for mine. My dick groans stretching to its limit, my balls grind, begging to be a part of this epic undertaking that lies before us.

Our mouths, our bodies begin to fuse as wild flames of lust fan around the room, ready to devour us far too soon if we're not careful. Skyla has the ability to make me come without too much more effort on her part.

Her fingers dip into my jeans, and I don't stop her. Instead I reward her with a heated kiss in the soft skin of her neck as she bubbles with a dark laugh. I run my hands over her curves, slow and heated, until I feel her shudder beneath me. Her torso rises to meet with mine. Skyla leans up with the curve of a dangerous smile as she reaches back to unhook her bra. I would have done the honor. I just didn't want to come across as greedy. But God knows I'm greedy as hell, and I plan on being just that for the entire time we're in this beautiful bed. Her tits spring out like a pair of happy-to-see-me oranges, and I'm more than f**king pleased to see how well-endowed Skyla is. I knew she was perfect, but this is a breathtaking beauty that I could never have imagined. I would have loved her if she were flat as a board. But now all my mind can think of was new ways to f**k her. I can't help it though. That overtly male part of me has taken over. My brain made some piss-poor decisions in the past, but and tonight my dick is hell bent on making some great ones.

"Skyla," it barely crests my lips in a whisper as I consume myself just staring at her body. I had spent a large part of the past two years getting myself off night after night to her likeness, my mind filling in the gaps of what her body might look like, and I'm damn pleased to see I was spot on, except for the fact she's infinitely more beautiful naked than I ever could have imagined. I force my eyes shut and let out a groan, trying not to lose it right here before we ever formally get to second base. If I had any pure intent, I left it back on Paragon. Hell, I've never had any pure intent with Skyla.

She unbuckles my jeans, and I muscle both them and my boxers right off my body. I toss the wet mess onto the floor as Skyla's heated skin grazes over mine. It feels electric as if she's branding me with her searing flesh. I imagine her name in sizzling letters, flaming across my chest, and I wholeheartedly approve of the burn.

I sit up and straddle her with my knees, venerating her from this vantage point. The candlelight dances over her skin, enlivening her in a series of golden flames-her skin flickering in spasms like Christmas lights. I trace my finger over her chest all the way down to her belly. She's here, so perfect in every way, and it takes far more restraint than I ever thought possible to keep myself from weeping like a pu**y. I'm losing it on the inside. This is far more than I can take-way more than I ever deserve. I'm the one who cost us everything. I'm the reason we won't be replicating this effort next week. I've got no one else to blame.

It takes everything in me to push the self-hatred away, shelve it for another day. Instead, I focus in on the last stitch of clothing left lingering between us and run my thumbs along the inside of her panties in an effort to evict them from the scene. Skyla reaches down and helps wiggle them off, her eyes never breaking their gaze with mine. It's electrifying. You can see the damn sparks flying around the room as the air charges around us. It snaps and crackles as if the flames were cheering us on, applauding our efforts.

"Come here." She pulls me down until my bare flesh seals over hers, inch by erotic inch, and I let out a soft groan. Skyla coils her fingers through my hair, pulling and tugging as if it were all she can do to hold on one minute more. She plunges her tongue into my mouth hot and viral, letting me know this party is just getting started. Her breathing grows erratic. She chokes a groan from her throat as if this is too much to bear.

I'm greedy for him, all of him. The world stills around us as our bodies sway in a rhythm all their own-Logan and I dancing to the beat of our special brand of love.

I smile through our kisses as I listen in on her thoughts. My dick is ready to burst through its casing, it's that f**king hard.

I reach over and grab a condom from Dudley's p**n ographic care package, although there's not one p**n ographic implication about anything that's about to go down. This is love. This is beauty in the most perfect sense. I rip it open with my teeth and roll it over myself, slow and easy. Skyla hikes up on her elbows and watches the show. I'd say something stupid, but I don't dare ruin the moment. If she wants to watch, I'm all for it. Heck, if she wants to help roll it on, I'd be down for that, too-so long as she's with me, excited as hell to be here like I am.

Skyla wraps her legs around me as I lower myself onto her body.

"I love you so damn much," I pant the words directly into her ear, my chest raging against hers as if we were fighting a war.

I brush my palms over her chest, down her smooth hips. I don't hesitate. I sink my hand to where it's been waiting to be and run my fingers over that heated slick between her legs, warm and wet.

Fuck. I lurch into her as if I were in pain. I'm touching Skyla. Touching her. I soak in the moment, just letting my fingers swim around in their new playground. I linger there as if this is my sole vocation on this planet, and I wish to God it were.

A part of me registers this as a fantasy-as some highly tactile wet dream that I'm going to wake up from in a pool of sweat and come, but it's far from some nocturnal wandering. This is the real deal in the best way possible.

Skyla is wet and hot, and I'm dying because I don't want anything else but to bury myself inside her, my mouth, my head, my dick all at once. I run my fingers over her, slow and steady, and her body writhes beneath me as she chokes out a breath. I feel her folds-memorize how they slip over my fingers, how they touch me as if they're exploring me, too. I cup her with my hand and let her writhe over me, heated and rushed. My fingers glide over her again before moving down lower. I'm tempted as hell to plunge deep inside her, but the first thing I want penetrating Skyla's perfect body is another part of my anatomy, one far more worthy to land there in the first place-and eager as hell.

Our kisses pick up pace as I reach down and guide myself to her. Skyla rakes her nails gently over my back just as I insert the tip. All of gravity presses down over me, demanding I push into her body. Skyla is a magnetic force I can't fight, one that I've been begging to swallow me whole right from the beginning. She presses me in by the small of my back, letting me know she wants this, that she wants it now.

I push in with a groan that rips from my gut as I penetrate her inch by inch. Somewhere an angelic choir sings, an entire fleet of shooting stars disintegrate into flames over the earth in our honor, so beautiful for a few brief moments just like Skyla and me.

Her heated body molds over me, tight as a vise, it feels as if I'm ripping my way inside. Her hips rise into me, and she doesn't scream out in pain, so I go with it.

Holy f**k. I plunge in deeper, careful and slow while her body does it's best to choke the life out of my dick, but I don't mind. I'd give every ounce of my blood to the Counts just to have Skyla choke the hell out of my dick night after night. A brilliant shock of pain grips me as her body squeezes mine. To say she's tight would be like saying the sun is a little hot or the ocean a little wet. I press in deeper until her body won't take another inch, and groan into her ear. Skyla lets out a choking sound, and I imagine the tip of my dick touching her vocal cords. I relent a little, and she gives a lazy smile, her fingers digging into my thighs, pushing me deeper still. This is heaven. This is ecstasy.

"Skyla," I give it in a heated whisper right into her mouth. My body shakes as I burrow inside her. I let the moment soak in. Here we are, husband and wife, in the truest sense. We've created a bond that only God himself can pull asunder. This is it, the apex of our perfect love, our bodies joined as one for the very first time. It was worth the wait, worth every damn thing we went through. She winces, and I pull back an inch. "Am I hurting you?"

"No," she chokes it out as if maybe I am. I pull out just enough and glide back, slow and steady. She's so tight I can't imagine I'm not killing her on some level. But I want her to like this, to like me inside her, hell-I want her to love it, to crave it. This feels downright amazing for me, and I want it to feel just the same for her. I pull in and out laboriously slow until I feel her body relax beneath me. It's as if the entire room, the world inhales and exhales around us, all of time bends and shifts with each one of my thrusts.

"God, I love you." I pepper her face with kisses as my chest detonates each heartbeat like a nuclear explosion. Swear to God, if I weren't already dead, this would have long since killed me. I'm losing it, thrust after thrust, picking up steam. My fingers dig into her hips as I release every primal urge within me and let my body go in for the kill like it wants. "Oh shit." I reach down and roll her soft folds through my fingers, creating small circles over her until she's right there with me. Her body rocks beneath me as her fingers fly wild through my hair. The room fills with the strangled sound of our breathing, her sweet moans, the cry of pleasure building on her lips.

Skyla bucks into me, her fingernails digging into my back. She lets out a series of small cries as her breathing grows heavy.

"Logan." She knifes her way down my back like long, smooth tracks of razors slitting my skin open, offering my body the relief it needs-the lancing of our love. Every nerve ending is alive, every last part of me demands to be shred to ribbons, and I groan from the sweet pain she's eliciting. Her body quivers into mine, and I'm right there enjoying the journey.

"Fuck." I plunge in one last time and tremble over her, my fingers still trying to lure her into that orgasmic oblivion.

Skyla seizes. Her body rockets into a series of violent jolts as she wraps her limbs around me, immovable. Her eyes fly open for a moment, clear as a summer sky. Her legs lock over my waist, so f**king tight, it feels like the best damn hug I've ever had. We did it. Skyla hit her zenith right along with me, and it was a thing of beauty. I fall over her with my full weight, breathless, exhausted, and ready for anything else she's willing to gift me. Sweat drips from my brow as we fuse our heated flesh like candles melting together. I wish we were fused. That God himself couldn't pull us apart. But our souls already are, and I'm not sure how the universe plans on pulling off my death when half of me will still be roaming around this earth, seeing the world through Skyla's eyes.

I roll off just enough and try to catch my breath as I settle my gaze over my beautiful wife. The moon washes her pale as paper, and I marvel at the fact she looks like a marble version of herself.

"Are you okay?" I hike up on my elbows and linger above her. I like this view. I like everything this vantage point affords me. Her hourglass curves, her ni**les like proud cherries on top of whipped cream, shouting for my mouth to devour them.

"Better than okay." She bites down playfully on her lip. "You made me sneeze."

"You did? Bless you." I press in a quick kiss.

"My body did." She wrinkles her nose as if she weren't too anxious to get into the details. Skyla lifts me gently by the chin and steadies her eyes over mine. "We should have been doing that this entire time." Her chest vibrates with a laugh, but she won't give it.

Skyla's right. This was love beyond comprehension. Words are too simple to describe the magic that just took place. This was something so incredible, even we had to experience it firsthand to believe.

I shake my head at the idea. "This was right. The right time." I pick up the mirrored heart from her chest and land a careful kiss onto it. I press it to her lips, and she does the same. "I want you to remember tonight. When you look at this heart, think of me-of us." Ironically my heart breaks because I won't be there to replicate this act time and time again to keep it fresh in her mind. This is it for us-the end of the road-the shooting star that burned up too fast, leaving a trail of dusty memories. When the honeymoon ends, so will we. I already know that, and she claims to know it, too. I hope she truly does understand because I'll be the last to tell her my days are numbered and that the number can be counted on one hand with digits left over.

"I won't have to." Skyla clasps onto the mirrored heart and touches it to her lips again. I wish I could live in that glass heart, look up at her beauty day after day. At least that way I'd still be with her. "I'll have you around to remind me."

"Skyla," it presses from me with more than a touch of grief.

She pulls me up by the chin again and locks those pale, stone eyes over mine. Her hips swivel into my stomach as she rises to meet me, and I withhold the smile waiting to take over. Instead, my hard-on ticks back to life, ready and willing for round two, three, four, and five f**king hundred if she'll let me. Maybe that's why the universe is ripping me away to paradise-because I'd never let Skyla get out of my bed. Maybe my death is nothing more than one long fornicating time out.

"This is just the beginning of our happily ever after, Logan," she gives it in a broken whisper. "And I won't hear of anything else."

"Happily ever after." The smile I've been holding back stretches over my lips, easy as breathing. "Right here, right now."

That was our battle cry right from the moment I saw her. It was instated in that cloistered pool house of Ellis's, and it's coming to fruition right here, right now in the best way possible.

She sighs. And with those words, we exit the end of a very long journey, straight into another.

I couldn't agree more. I brush the hair from her face, exposing the rosy glow on her cheeks, and I'm damn glad I put it there. At the same time I'm cracking because as the night progresses, my grief builds like a wave ready crash over Skyla and me and drown us both in the process. I wonder if other newly married men feel this way, feel their impending doom straddling them like an oversized demon ready knock them into eternity and leave their wives a widow far too young.

Skyla lands her hot mouth over mine, and the demons disappear. Her hand reaches down and strokes through my curls, down to the base of my balls, and I groan. I want to feel her tightness around me again, her loving chokehold that I'll forever crave. She gives my balls a little tickle.

I pant a dull laugh into her mouth.

"Good move." I dot a kiss over her lips.

"I've got a million, and I plan on using them all."

"I'm going to hold you to it."

"You should." She gurgles out a laugh. Her ni**les rub over my chest as if campaigning for my attention. "You should hold a lot of things to me."

I reach down and pluck the condom off, landing it in a small trashcan by the bed.

Skyla pulls the sheet over us and climbs up onto my chest. I hold her like that for a very long time in a comfortable silence as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

"I love you even more now," she whispers it into my neck like a secret. She glides up until we're eye to eye. "I didn't think that was possible. I feel like we're connected-that we belong together for all of time."

My hand glides up and down her arm. "That's exactly how I feel." My lips land over the top of her head. "I wish we had a thousand tomorrows." Crap. And there I go, bleeding all of my misery around the room.

"Shh..." She touches her finger to my mouth. "We will. We're eternal beings." She shakes her head as if to shake away the grief.

"Hey, we have right now." I gently spin her onto her back, straddling her body until my mouth lingers over hers. "Did you enjoy yourself?" I smooth my hands over her perfect tits and gently mold my fingers into them. My insides clench because this is competing for the best feeling in the world.

"Yes-hell, yes." Her chest rumbles with a laugh, and I can feel the echo vibrate through my hands. "The question is, did you enjoy yourself?" She bites down on her lower lip, resisting the urge to giggle.

"Hell f**king yes." I lean down and take a soft bite out of her nipple before lashing at it with my tongue. I land my mouth over Skyla and lounge there for a small eternity loving her like that before moving on to its twin and repeating the effort. My hard-on ticks back to life, and I want nothing more than to thrust myself inside her-to hear her urgent breathing as she comes again over my body. "You ready for round two?"

"Are you kidding? I was beginning to think you lost interest in me." She reaches down to guide me in.

I catch her wrist and stroke the inside of her palm with my thumb. "I'm not properly suited up for the play."

"And that's what this is for." She twirls a foil packet between her fingers like it's been there all along.

"Are you sore?"

"Nope." She winces. "Just a little, but I'm totally not bothered by it at all." Her expression grows all too serious. "I swear, if you deny me, I will go back in time and kick the crap out of you every single day that we have ever known each other."

"Into threats tonight, are we?" I whisper it with a laugh right into her mouth. I'd welcome a beating from Skyla, so long as she's touching me I'm pretty damn content.

"Why do I get the feeling that's the kind of thing that gets you going?" She tweaks my ribs, and I jerk.

"Everything about you gets me going." True story. I run my fingers down her belly, then lower still over her sweet spot only to find it hot and wet for me. "I'm in."

I take the condom from her, and she snatches it back. Her eyes glow like a cat's as they catch the flames.

"I want to." She rips it open with her teeth as if she were mimicking me, but, holy hell, my dick just turned to granite at the effort. "Like this?" She lays it over me and slowly works it down. My body grinds. My gut twists like a dishrag just watching her touch me.

"That's perfect."

"This is obscenely tight on you," she muses, dragging her finger up the back of my dick. "I guess that means you're packing extra-large equipment." She bats her lashes up at me, and I can't tell if she's being serious or trying to stroke my ego.

"I like how you think." I'm not up for correcting her. If she wants to believe I'm exceptionally well hung, I'll be happy to foster the delusion. "Come here." I pull her up until we're sitting side by side. I lean in and plant a lingering kiss over her lips that stretches out far longer than I anticipate. My eyes slit open, and we stare at one another in this dreamy state for a moment. "Get on your knees."

"What?" Her eyes widen. "I don't know." She shakes her head as if I just suggested we impale ourselves with a burning wick.

"It's just a different position. It might help if you're sore. I swear I'm visiting the same location."

She tilts her head. "Okay, but I'm not above serving an eviction if things move in the wrong direction."

"I'll hold strong right where I'm supposed to be-I swear." I spike two fingers in the air as if to testify.

Skyla lands a wet kiss over my lips and drags her tongue across my cheek on the way to her knees.

Hot f**king damn.

Skyla's perfect round ass stares at me, her back dipped, her hair wild and free over her shoulders, and I want to stop all of time and encapsulate this moment, memorize it, make it replay on a loop like a screensaver as soon as I hit paradise because God knows the only real paradise is right here with Skyla.

"Did you forget about me?" She lowers herself onto her elbows and turns her head, her features lost in the shadows with just enough of the flames dancing over them to make me dizzy with lust.

I straddle her from behind-breathless-too far gone in an erotic daze to even think of utilizing my vocal cords for anything that resembles the English language. I carefully press my body into her, and she arches back. Her vertebrae dip. Her hair sweeps to her ass, and I snatch up a handful and run it through my fingers, smooth as butter.

"That feels good," she moans like a dove.

"I want it to." I grab ahold of her hips and dig my fingers into her soft, creamy flesh. "Let me know if I'm hurting you." I press in and out, easy the first few times, enjoying the tight glove of her body over mine, then thrust into her hard as hell because I've lost all control. Skyla gives a few heated breaths like she's enjoying it, and I hope to hell she is because I can't stop. I can't even think of slowing down. My heart races like a horse out the gate, my adrenaline surges to lethal levels, and I feel like I'm about to pass out from the pleasure of it all.

"Shit," I pull her in tight and tremble over her back relentlessly hard with an intensity I hadn't thought possible. Out there in the world, the gears were still grinding toward the future, one that I would never have, but with Skyla, but this moment, this night everything is suddenly enough. I give a soft tap to her thigh, and she collapses forward. Skyla turns as I land on top of her, drenched in a heated sweat. "You okay?" I kiss her temple and taste the salt from her skin-salty and sweet, vanilla and spice. I trace my finger to the soft hair at the base of her body, and now I want to taste all of her, memorize every texture and flavor over my tongue.

A tiny smile tugs at her lips. "You going to keep asking if I'm okay, all night?" She pulls me in by the back of the neck and pecks a kiss on my lips.

A dull laugh rattles from me. "Okay, I won't ask anymore, but if I'm hurting you, I want to know."

A wicked gleam lights up in her eyes. "Maybe I want you to hurt me."

"Please"-I shake my head-"I'll feel like crap if I hurt you in any way, shape, or form. Feel free to get even if I do."

She leans in and takes a generous bite out of my shoulder, and I groan because for one, it hurt like shit, and two, I kind of liked it.

"I was thinking more like this." I graze my teeth over her neck, down across her chest, tugging at each of her ni**les in turn between my teeth, then lower still to her stomach before twirling my tongue in her belly button.

"Logan," she moans.

I move my grazing efforts south and gently kiss the curls at the base of her hips before opening her knees with my hands. Nirvana awaits. A lopsided grin perks on my lips as I gaze out at this foreign landscape. I've dreamt of it, imagined it, and here she is, open wide like the wings of a dove. Skyla's body is stretched taut, toying with my sanity, stretching it to the limit right along with her.

"Whoa, where you going?" She pulls me up beside her, using her Celestra strength to do it, and I tighten my jaw in disappointment.

"You don't play fair." I touch a finger to her nose before tracing out her features.

"Yeah, well, I'm filthy, and sweaty, and all around gross."

Her hair floats around her face like gold floss, like a halo, and she's anything but gross.

"Really?" I bow down and run my tongue up her neck straight to her jawline. "You taste like sugar to me."

"You're supposed to say that"-she pulls me in by the small of my back until we're fused together at the chest-"you're my husband." Her expression softens. "That felt good to say."

"You're my wife." My chest loosens. "That felt amazing to say."

"I think you're amazing." She runs her fingers through my hair never taking her eyes off mine.

"I think you're amazing." I scoop her into my arms and start heading across the room.

"Where we going?" Her feet scissor in the air, and she looks cute as hell with the anticipation in her eyes.

"Rumor has it you're filthy, and sweaty, and all around gross."

"Hey." She swats me over the chest.

"I'm just repeating what I heard." I walk us into the gargantuan bathroom that could easily fit the entire Oliver living room inside it.

I take a step into the tub, and the water is warmer than it was when we first arrived. Probably Dudley's tears. The thought of me having Skyla must be killing him, but I'm not too sorry. I'll cry my own river later-drown the whole damn world in the process.

"Logan!" She cries as I lower her into the bath with me.

I lie down, and she molds on top of me, the look of wonder ripe on her face.

"How did you know the water would still be warm?"

"It's a supernatural event." I land a kiss over her temple. "Everything has to be just right." The universe owes me that much.

"You and I are finally together, so that means everything is right." She lays her head over my shoulder, and I smooth my hands up and down her back as the rose petals swim across the surface.

"You know what I was thinking while I was buried deep inside you?" I run my lips over the top of her head.

"How much you were craving pizza?"

I tickle her ribs. "Nope. That you were worth the wait."

"Thanks, but I still think we should have been doing this the whole time. I could have snuck you into the butterfly room and turned it into our love shack." Her chest compresses with a sigh. "You're right, though. The buildup was incredible." Her arms tighten around me.

The best things in life are worth waiting for they say, and now, in death, I'll be living that reality as well. I'll be waiting in paradise, like a lovesick puppy, until the day Skyla comes home to join me.

I swallow hard because that buildup will be a hell of a lot longer-Skyla's entire life. By then she would have loved Gage in this exact same manner, and a brick settles in my chest just thinking about it.

I hold my thoughts up like a steel wall then revert to thinking about every happy time I've ever had with Skyla. I let down my defenses, and soon she's joining in on the walk down memory lane. We share our thoughts until they merge as one. We relive every one of Ellis's damn parties, all those hours we logged together at the bowling alley, those stolen moments we spent as boyfriend and girlfriend those first few months. Those were the golden days, and they were all too fleeting.

"You know"-she hikes up on her elbows and lands those star-filled eyes over mine-"I just had this strange feeling." She shakes her head. "I swear to you, Logan, something in me knows, without a shadow of a doubt, that we'll be making new memories, beyond these walls, beyond these three days, somewhere out there-at home, on Paragon."

My heart swells just hearing those words before plummeting just as fast. Skyla doesn't have the gift of knowing. But it's a nice sentiment-false hope always is.

"I'm getting stronger," she whispers with a hint of defiance. "Things are changing, Logan. I know things. You need to believe me. We happened. This isn't over."

"This isn't over by a long shot." I steady my eyes over hers like a dare. There's not one part of me that believes this will ever be over no matter how many dimensions we need to crawl through to find one another.

I pull her out of the tub with me and dry her off, inch by inch, before running the towel over my body. I scoop her right back into my arms and carry her to the bed with me. I wonder if this is what it would be like living out a full marriage with Skyla-the two of us bathing, me carrying her to bed with my body eager to please.

Skyla gives a soft groan as she sinks into the mattress. "This has to be the most comfortable bed in history."

"It probably is." Knowing Dudley, a thousand perfect mattresses were pieced together just to make this one. As much as I can't stand him, I won't deny the fact he cares for Skyla.

I curl up beside her and warm her body with mine.

Skyla glides her back into my chest until we're spooning, and I can feel her body relax as if she's waited for exactly this before surrendering to sleep. But sleep is nowhere near the agenda.

I kiss her cheek. "You up for round three?"

She spins into me with a laugh in her throat. "You are insatiable."

"Yeah, well"-I dive into her with my lips-"you make me that way." I trail a string of kisses across her chest. "I think this time it should be all about you." Every moment since we've met, the focus of my world has been on Skyla, and it makes me want to give her this even more. I was offering my tongue up as a simple act of worship. I want nothing more than to lay my love for her down on the altar.

"Sounds perfectly greedy of me."

"Trust me, it's my pleasure to serve." I slide my way down her body and pull her legs over my shoulders. Her feet cross over my back, and I drink down the sensation.

"Logan wait," she gives it in a heated whisper. Her hand trembles as she tries to pull me away, but I interlace our fingers and give a warm squeeze, assuring her I'm right where I want to be.

I tuck a kiss between her legs in that sweet spot before she can protest, and her head snaps back to the pillow.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" The words vibrate through her like a song.

"No-I'm positive." I give the hint of a wicked grin before bowing into her body and landing my mouth right where it's wanted to be for so damn long. A groan rips from my throat as I take in her metallic sugar. My tongue runs a lap over her slippery flesh, taking in her wetness. I push in with slow, meandering kisses, sucking her folds between my lips and lounge there just rolling my tongue over her gentle as hell. Skyla tastes like honey, delicate, soft and sweet as powdered sugar. I'm pretty sure I'll die content now. If I were drawn up to paradise right at this moment, I'd have a satisfied smile on my face as I entered those pearly gates.

My testosterone surges. It bows to her estrogen as Skyla consumes me in this sweet fire. As horrifically shallow as it sounds, this is the icing I waited for. Skyla has a way of reducing me to the most primitive form of life, and the only real goals I had for myself were being met right here in this bed. It's a truth buried in most males, their biggest desires, the highlights of their beings are often met between the legs of a beautiful woman. But Skyla isn't simply some beautiful woman. She's my everything-my soul mate. We are one giant heart, built for two.

I continue to love Skyla that way for a good long while before working her into a frenzy with the heated lashes from my tongue. Her knees sway over my back, anxious and hard as her breathing picks up pace. I ride up and down until she gives everything she's got in one heated cry that whips around the room like a siren. Her body quakes and jolts. But I keep at my viral assault until she pushes her hand over the top of my head and lands me near the footboard.

"Logan." Skyla pulls me up until I'm holding her again. She's shivering, so I pull the blanket over us, and we fall asleep-happy as hell, if only for a little while.

In the morning a seam of intrusive light cuts through the windows, and I pull Skyla in close before burying a kiss in her neck.

"Morning sunshine," I whisper, soaking in the moment. Here we are, husband and wife in this temporal window of time. This is what it would be like waking up with Skyla in my arms, day after day.

Skyla turns over with a grin blooming on her face before she ever opens her eyes. Her hair is rumpled, her mascara smudged, and my stomach drops because just when I didn't think she could any more gorgeous, she does. A twinge of sadness pinches in my gut because I wish to God I could witness this every single day for the rest of her life, God knows mine is over.

Her lids flutter until her crystalline eyes focus on mine. "I love you."

I brush my finger over her cheek, and a smile tugs at my lips. "You beat me to it. I love you, too, princess."

"I think we should start every day with those words."

I lean in and kiss her. "I agree."

Her eyes widen as if she caught herself. "I'm sorry." She gets up on her elbow, her features soften as if she had caused a real malfeasance.

"It's fine. I know what you meant." I nuzzle my face in her neck a moment. "I'm going to hop in the shower a second. I'll be right out."

"I'll make us breakfast." Her milk white teeth graze her bottom lip.

"You're going to make us breakfast?" I'm pleasantly surprised, but I doubt we have a kitchen.

"There's a minibar, and I bet there's a pack of MandM's with our names on it."

"Mr. and Mrs. Oliver?" I give her a quick tickle to the side.

"Mr. and Mrs. Oliver," she says it a hell of a lot sweeter, dreamier than I ever could have, and it sounds a million times better sailing from her lips.

I'm just thankful I get to be the Oliver.

I jump out of bed and take the world's quickest shower, rinse some mouthwash through my teeth before heading back.

Skyla lies over the bed with all of the drama of the most beautiful woman in the world-because she is. A sly smile perks on her lips as she glances at the colorful candy laid out in the shape of heart over her stomach.

"Breakfast is served," she purrs.

"You hide any of those in a secret location?" I raise a brow, carefully landing beside her before swiping one off her belly with my lips.

"That's for me to know and you to find out."

"You know what I don't think is fair about this?" I glance down at the faltering arrangement.

"That there aren't enough green ones?" She bats those lashes at me, and I'm about to lose it. Skyla had me going with that dreamy smile on her face as she struggled to wake up this morning. I wanted her then, and I want her twice as bad now.

"That and the fact your mouth can't reach them." I take a blue one up by my teeth and present it directly into her mouth like an offering. Skyla pulls me in by the back of the neck and swipes the candy right off her stomach. She glides under me while working me to life with her hand until we're lost in a sea of delirium that can only be satisfied in the most amazing f**king manner.

Skyla slides down and plants sporadic kisses across my chest. She creates small circles over me with her hands, and I melt into the bed, just enjoying the ride. Her mouth finds my hard-on and I lurch because, in all honesty, I never saw it coming.

"Shit," I whisper, digging my hands in her hair.

Skyla rides me up and down with her lips before taking me into her mouth and driving home the point she for damn sure knows how to get me going. I try to focus in on Skyla, her tongue, her sweet mouth over my body. Heaven can't be that great unless Skyla is there with me doing exactly this. My body electrifies, it hums like a motor as Skyla works me like a f**king vixen. It takes far less time than usual for me to let out a roar that rips from my lungs like a hurricane.

"Fuck." I pull back and spare her the trauma of spilling into her mouth.

She glides up next to me, purring with pride.

"Where'd you learn how to do that?" I pant it out without thinking. "On second thought, don't answer."

"I learned how to do it right here." She taps over my skull. "I was listening in on how you were feeling, and when you were enjoying it I went with it. You taught me Logan." A dimple buries itself in her cheek.

I land a kiss on her forehead. "I love it. You're a genius, you know that?" I pick up an MandM and feed it to her. "Get your strength up. I have a feeling we're about to engage in the world's most intense lovemaking session in the history of time. What could be better than two Celestra?"

"Two near perfect Celestra." She takes a bite out of my ear.

"We are perfect Skyla-with or without our bloodlines."

Our lips find one another, and I cringe for a moment because I know where her mouth has been, but the chocolate has washed away all of the transgressions, and Skyla is delicious as ever. Our tongues engage in a lengthy, sweeping battle that drives home the point we've got nowhere to go and all day to get there. I try to hold up the wall again, but my thoughts are seeping through, and, unfortunately for the both of us, they're littered with my fears of what's to come-namely a life without Skyla.

I'll always be yours. She inhales sharply while pushing in hard against my lips. Her kisses diminish with intensity, and we lounge in one another's mouths as if this were the best form of relaxation.

I'll always be yours, Skyla. But just because I'm leaving doesn't mean you need to emotionally check out. I want you to live. Live out loud. Live for me, too. Go off like a bomb in this world because you're living so damn loud. You're going to set the world on fire. I already know that.

Can you imagine a future with me? She pulls back and settles her eyes over mine.

I stroke her cheek with the back of my finger. "That's the only future I can imagine."

"Me, too." A network of crimson lines explode in her eyes. "This is going to be all right, Logan. You have to believe me."

It's pretty hard to believe this is going to be all right. "Okay." I take in a breath. "If you believe it, then so do I."

"Pinky swear?" She holds out her little finger, and I latch mine over hers.

"Pinky swear." I reel her in by the hand. Paradise has waited for me since my infancy, and I'm not in the least bit of a hurry to get there. "How about we shake on it in a far more intimate way." I pull her over until her naked body covers mine and savor the warmth she's giving off with her flesh. I'm all about believing-of doing more of this, more of anything with Skyla in the present and the distant future. There was no reason not to believe. Hope is the child we made in this bed last night.

"Of course. It'll be far more official that way." Her tongue runs over the rim of her lips, and I try to catch it with my teeth. "Looks like someone's in a biting mood." Her hips nest into mine. "You're a big flirt, you know that?"

"Technically, I believe you're the one flirting." I grind my hips right back at her, and my hard-on rockets to life.

A deep guttural laugh bursts from her as my dick grazes over her bottom.

Skyla swipes a condom from the bowl and runs the foil packet across her lips. Her eyes never leaving mine. She runs the package between her teeth before tearing it.

"I want you to open your mind, Logan. I want to drink down your thoughts. I want to have every single part of you in my heart and body right now."

She rolls the condom over me then straddles me while sitting on my stomach. Her hair tumbles over her chest like a golden waterfall.

Skyla guides me in careful and easy, her eyes locked over mine, and for the life of me, I can't find the strength to blink. I don't want to miss a minute of what's about to transpire.

She lets me penetrate her slowly, sinking over me with her neck thrust back, a strangled cry ripping from her throat.

Fuck.

Skyla rides me undaunted by the harsh band of sunlight streaming through the windows as I watch with slotted lids-the two of us drunk off our love. Her body rises and falls, her curves bouncing in all the right places, and I try to strangle the shit out of that part of me that wants to cry because deep down I understand all of this is going to come crashing to an end soon. It doesn't diminish the hope that it won't. It doesn't bother to contest it. It merely exists as a fact.

Believe.

Then like a lion I roar back from the pit-spring out of the mud and the mire and pull up into the sunshine, high into the clouds right along with Skyla. A surge of adrenaline fills me as I pull Skyla toward me and find her lips. I roll her onto her back and make love to her, sweetly like the princess she is.

Skyla and I are going to happen. Happily ever after waits for us, and I believe it with every fiber of my being. My soul glows from the knowledge.

I fell in love with you the moment I saw you. I pick up her hands and extend them up past her shoulders while my body moves slowly inside hers.

I remember the first day we met-in the bowling alley. The world faded, and there was only you and me. She lends a kiss to my cheek. You plus me-I like how simple the math is.

Skyla and I employ our Celestra strength and make love like tigers for the next several hours, enduring far longer than any human ever could, creating an irrevocable bond between us that can never be broken, not by the Decision Council-not by death. What we're experiencing is sublime, heartbreakingly beautiful-two shattered hearts repairing themselves under the careful guide of our bodies. Skyla and I were making a memory-a miracle-a living testament that ensured a future between the two of us.

Sometimes you just need to look death in the face and say f**k you.

Skyla and I are going to live out that happily ever after of ours, right here on earth, alive and in the flesh.

Skyla believes it, and so do I.

A spark surges from her body to mine, and we electrify the bed as the sun goes down. The candles rekindle themselves as if on cue while Skyla and I engage in our private slow dance over those sheets.

I'm already in paradise.

This is the only important event in the world.

Skyla and I are going to have it all-we are unstoppable.

What do we have to do to stay together, Logan? She asks as my body writhes over hers.

We have to take down death-just like we took down the Counts.

She bubbles a soft laugh into my mouth. Then that's what we'll do.

5

Winter Song

Day three. The moonlight streams into the room and lights us up like a couple of poltergeists. Skyla is a jewel illuminating the night, and, good thing, because those candles Dudley laid out all over the room have long since turned into a solid puddle of wax. Their wicks spent, like some necrotic prophecy staring me in the face.

I take up her hand in mine and kiss it.

The sun rises and falls, straining its citrus hues through the windows before the stars host the night sky, and the Colosseum lights up like a relic from some other planet.

I smile over at her. Skyla has let down all her walls and so have I.

"You sure you don't want to see the city?" I run my fingers over her glowing hip and try to decide which part of her I want to take a bite out of first. My hand swims between her legs and into that heated slick that stays wet and ready just for me.

She gives a coy smile.

The mini fridge is just about empty. We've lived off room service and kisses. Logan and I have feasted off our love for three days straight. I've become inebriated off the deep well of his love, our tongues traveling every inch of one another, the touch of his skin gliding over mine, the incredible way my body responds to his, it's all too wonderful to comprehend. All of the heat, the primal lust, every sound that wrenched from his throat I've treasured. These were the golden moments-the sweetest desserts that life had to offer.

I'm right there with her. There couldn't have been a better send off. She cuts a quick glance to me, so I change the subject.

"So why did she do it?" I pull her in until her hot skin sears against mine like a branding iron. "Why did Chloe arrange for Stella Landon to die? Why take out Ethan?"

"Chloe had Demetri lay out what he knew about the future long before I came to Paragon. And, apparently, everything he knew was bogus."

"Which was?"

"That Stella Landon's firstborn child was destined to be the most powerful Nephilim on the planet. That he was going to wage a faction war and win."

"Doesn't make sense."

The sunset just outside our window, sprays the room in tangerines and gold. Logan glows with an unearthly tan that makes him look as if he belongs in a magazine, a billboard for the entire world to see.

"Chloe got the wrong information," she whispers. "It was my father's firstborn child who would be the most powerful Nephilim-it was me who waged the faction war and won. My mother knew the danger I was in. Maybe she was trying to keep one step in front of Demetri? She created a future so taxing, so wrapped up in the past that Demetri couldn't keep the facts straight. Chloe was nothing but a ruse. My mother created two paths, one real and one fake. She made Chloe look so believable, Demetri was led astray. And I think maybe Stella was a ruse, too." She takes in a quick breath. "That's all I know. I wasn't really probing my mother too hard on the subject. I had just enough info to get that protective hedge back, and that's really all I wanted."

"What's the deal with Emerson?" I bury a kiss into her belly button, and her insides quiver beneath me. I wish I could feel that always-Skyla quivering into me, trembling for my touch. She holds my head down in this position, so I run my tongue in a circle over her belly until she relents.

"Emerson has a full confession to Ethan's murder in a safe bolted in her closet back at the Kragger's estate." She pulls me up next to her. "Emerson never trusted Chloe. She didn't think she'd kill her, though."

My head falls back on the pillow, and I just stare up at the ceiling, taking in smooth, even breaths, trying to digest everything she's just filled me in on. The truth is finally out. My truth, Chloe's ugly, murderous truths-best of all, Skyla has the protective hedge, and I couldn't have asked for anything more than that.

But why did I have to die? Why is Dudley in her life at all? Why not extend the hell out of my Treble?

"There are still so many unanswered questions." I blow it out in a breath. "I guess you can ask your mom another time if you're interested."

"I am, but I was most interested in what she said about you." She bites down on her lip so hard, I'm afraid she's going to draw blood.

I give the hint of a nod. "I want you to burn my body, Skyla."

"No," she hisses it out so fast it's obvious she won't do it. "Never."

"The Counts can steal it." I secure my fingers over hers once again and bear into her with all of the pleading my eyes can afford. I can't trust being away from it even for a moment. I can still come back, Skyla. Nothing is impossible with God. "It won't change things between you and me." I tuck a kiss over her pale shoulder. "Promise me you'll do this."

Skyla doesn't say a word. She tosses up that mental barrier, and I'm in the doghouse again where her thoughts are concerned.

I don't want to be shut out. Not when the clock is ticking, five minutes to midnight.

She gives a slight nod, but her eyes say she doesn't mean it.

"What are you thinking?" I give her hand a little shake to let her know she doesn't have to physically verbalize it to tell me, but Skyla doesn't give in. She's holds her thoughts back like a floodgate determined to keep the people in its wake safe from the prospect of drowning in them, and that person is me.

"When will I see you again?"

"I'll always be your Elysian, Skyla. I'll always be thinking about you, loving you even while we're apart." I swallow hard. "The rest is up to your mother."

She cuts a look out the window that spells an evisceration to her mother far more than words can.

"Hey"-I scoot in until we're lying side by side, our stomachs almost touching-"I'm still here. We still have tonight."

Skyla squeezes my hand like she might fall down if I let go. She holds my gaze, and I have every intention of keeping my eyes glued over hers.

"I will always love you, Logan Oliver." She takes in an unexpected breath. "Nothing, and no one, will ever change that."

"I love you, too." A smile tries to form on my lips but doesn't quite make it. "Come here, princess." I brush a kiss over her mouth, careful and slow as if she were made of the most fragile blown glass. "Thank you. You didn't have to do this." I glance down at our naked bodies pressed tight in all the right places, and realize I can never repay her for the gift she's given me.

"Are you kidding? This is the highlight of my life."

"Then, by all means, don't let me deny you." A lewd grin twitches on my lips as I whip the sheets right off the bed.

Skyla's chest rumbles with a laugh as she crashes those glorious lips over mine again.

My hands run down her back, sinking further to her bare bottom, and I round out her delicious curves before diving my hand between her legs again.

Skyla's entire body vibrates with a moan as my tongue swipes over hers. I spend the next several hours pouring a fire from my mouth to hers.

It's bliss like this with Logan, if only for a little while.

The room fills with a permeable fog that I can feel, and taste, and touch. Skyla lies folded in my arms as Dudley appears next to me. It's only then I note I'm actually standing beside the bed in addition to laying in it. I guess that's the final pony trick that death likes to pull. It lets you observe yourself in that final moment as you search to digest this new bit of shit news.

"Are you ready?" Dudley rumbles, and his voice makes every part of me vibrate in some weird perverse way.

"Turn that crap down," I whisper, reaching over and caressing my fingers across Skyla's cheek, trying not to wake her.

"Language. And no need to worry, you won't startle her. She can no longer hear or see you."

"She can see my corpse." I watch as my body evaporates from underneath her, and I want to break every damn thing in this room because I've truly left Skyla alone in the world, in Rome no less. "We can't leave her here."

"I agree. The Oliver home should suffice."

"She needs clothes. Maybe that dress..." I try to figure out where her wedding dress could have ended up. The last three days swept by in a dizzying blur, and suffice it to say, clothes were our least priority.

"The dress is not an option. It had properties. I'll put her in street clothes."

"My team jersey, my sweats." I nod into the idea as bona fide tears stream down my face. Who knew you could cry on the other side.

"Go ahead." Dudley motions to her. "Gift her one last kiss."

I blow out a breath before bowing into her. It takes all of my strength to hover over her like this and not take her one more time. My heart, my body, and soul all ache for her with a bitter intensity, and we haven't truly been separated yet.

"Skyla," I whisper into her ear, hoping to God she'll somehow hear me. "I love you more than the heavens love the sun and the moon," the words choke from my throat like barbed wire. "You'll always be my princess. We fought the angelic war, and we fought the beautiful war-the one with our hearts. I know we'll win both." My tears drip down over her skin and dissipate as quick as a vapor. "I'm going to make my way back to you. I don't how, or when, but I promise you this-I swear on all that is holy I will make it happen. It isn't over for us. I know this much is true." I press a kiss over her lips, and the room shifts and spins until we're back on Paragon, in my bedroom.

I pull back from the kiss as Skyla nestles into my bed, blissfully asleep, unaware of what's just transpired-her cheeks still flush with the efforts of my love.

"What happens now?" I look up at Dudley, good and pissed.

"I dress her."

"Let me."

"Afraid not." He's already rummaging through my drawers and quickly pulls out my sweats triumphant. I pick up my team jersey from off the floor, and he yanks it from me. "Your desires are heavy. You'll want to make love to her. I'm afraid that's strictly forbidden. It's something akin to necrophilia, and, in this instance, you'd be the corpse."

"Great." He's right though. I land my lips over her cheek and pepper a trail of soft kisses all the way to her ear. "I will move heaven and earth to make love to you again, Skyla. Sleep tight, princess." I press a tender kiss over her lips, and, for a fleeting moment, it feels as if she's kissing me back. "Until we meet again."

I swallow hard as I take a step away-hardest damn step I've ever taken in my life. It's like trying to move through quicksand. Everything about this moment feels impossible.

"Where's Gage?" It gruffs out of me because it's taking all of my restraint not to curl up on that bed with her and have Dudley extract me out of here, kicking and screaming. But I know there's one more thing I have to do.

"In his bedroom, but you can't speak with him. It's firmly against the rules."

I knot up his tidy little dress shirt and pull him in until we're nose to nose. I glare into those bizarre, f**ked up, crimson-colored eyes of his and let out a roar.

"You're going to break a few rules today, Dudley. I need to speak with him," my voice cracks. "There are still some things I need to say."

"Very well." He sweeps me away easy as brushing off lint. "I'll freeze time and put you both in a thermodynamic capsule which will enable you to have a quick-"

"Sounds good." I cut off Dudley's psychobabble as I head toward Gage's bedroom.

"You can walk through walls," Dudley shouts after me.

"I figured so," I say as I speed out the door without bothering to open it.

The air warbles with each step I take as if I were walking through water. Looks like Dudley's tricks are proving beneficial one last time. I give a gentle knock over my nephew's door before walking on in like a normal person. I'm not really in the mood to terrorize him. Hell, I just want to tell him that I love him. That I always have.

Gage looks up from his desk and rises to meet me. He looks suspicious, still slightly ticked. His duffle bag sits on his bed with the clothes vomiting out. He must have just got back from Host.

"What's up?" He meets me midway with a knuckle bump. "Rumor has it both you and Skyla conveniently disappeared together this weekend. So I guess you finally broke down and told her."

"That I did." My eyes glaze over, and I can't hold back another second. I pull Gage into a tight embrace and lose it right there.

"Whoa." He pulls back and takes me in, rife with worry. "Logan, you're still here. I thought about it, and you might have infinitely longer. A day to God isn't like a day to us."

"It's done, dude. I'm already gone." I wipe my face down with the back of my hand and take in a breath, trying to pull it together one last time. I need to focus on the fact I was lucky to have been born in the first place, to have been destined for Skyla in some small way.

"What do you mean it's done? You're right here. Get over this so we can work on getting you a loophole." He pats me on the back as if to say it's going to be okay.

"We've run out of loopholes, Gage. The loophole I had was that Treble Candace put me in the day of Dudley's party-and now it's been revoked. Dudley put some hold on time, and that's the only reason I'm standing in front of you."

"Where's Skyla?" Gage looks afraid for me, afraid for Skyla.

"She's in my bedroom. Before you go, I want you to know how much I care about you, man." I give his arm a light sock. "Remember when we were kids and Emma took us to the dinosaur exhibit at the museum-and I freaked you out because I told you they were going to come to life and eat you?"

"Yeah"-he relaxes a moment-"I remember."

"I'm sorry I lied to you, buddy." I press out a depleted grin. "I've always felt bad about that."

"No worries. I'm sure I've pulled a few over on you."

"Yeah, well, something you didn't pull over on me is the fact you want Skyla. I know you love her as fiercely as I do, and I wouldn't have it any other way. Take good care of her for me, would you?" I'm losing it again. "Make sure she's happy. Give her flowers-take her to dinner, make her breakfast every damn day. Don't let her get too down over how things turned out for me. Make sure she smiles a lot." Tears stream down my face in rivers, and I don't give a shit. "Love her body, soul, and mind with such intensity she never has to wonder if there's anyone in this world that truly has her back. I want her to know the heights and depths of love. I want her to feel like she's in a f**king romance novel twenty-four seven, you hear me?" I don't mean for it to come out like the threat that it does. "Love her, worship her, and I know she'll return the favor. She's crazy about you, Gage, and I'll be the first person to say I'm glad. I'm rooting for you guys. Take care of her for me."

"I will." He looks as if he's about to get hit by a train.

"I love you, Gage. You've been my true brother in every way, and I want you to know that."

"I know." He pulls me in tight, and this time it's my shoulder getting doused with tears. "I love you, too, man."

The room warbles and shifts as Dudley appears by my side.

A harrowing cry erupts from down the hall as Skyla rouses to her first cruel day without me by her side.

I pull back and look into my nephew's watery eyes. "You better get going."

"Come back to us."

"I will." I pat his back as Dudley and I dissipate in a vat of fog.

I watch as Gage bolts out of the room and over to Skyla's side. I watch as they hold one another, while Gage tries desperately to comfort her. Their days to come would be engulfed with sorrow, death and caskets, because in their reality life had not yet swallowed the grave. But it was already done, victory on Calvary, and I was the beneficiary. My riches will remain hidden from the world, at least for a little while, leaving Skyla and Gage an inglorious crown of pain.

An ethereal road tunnels out above me, leading to the sky. I'm alive and well, mostly, and heaven lies before me.

Dudley and I lift through the roof, into the day already brimming with life. The sky recedes like a scroll, and we drift off into a familiar looking lavender fog until we land in the ethereal plane, my feet firmly planted in front of Skyla's mother. Just seeing her striking resemblance to the girl I love drives an arrow through my heart.

She settles her clear eyes over mine as a peaceable smile glides up her lips.

"What am I going to do with you, Logan Oliver?" She walks over the expanse of the lake until she's standing two feet before me.

I step in and take up her hands. "Send me back."

Her lips curve at the tips. Her hair glows with a ray of light traveling through each shaft, and it only makes my heart bleed for her earthly twin all that much more.

"Send you back?" She runs her fingers through my hair a moment. "And how do you propose I do that?" She tucks a smile in her cheek as if she knows exactly how it can be done.

"I'll take anything you're willing to give me." My heart pounds against my chest as if it actually had a function left to perform.

"I'd consider a Treble-but the rules have changed."

Dudley clears his throat. "Now, now, let's not make any hasty decisions."

"You're right." She holds up a hand to silence him.

Shit.

"Language." The two of them pipe up at the same time.

"I'll send you back, Logan." She gives the hint of a smile. "But how long you stay won't be up to me."

"You will?" Yes!

"It will be painful." Her features iron out serious as stone. "Your heart will be grated to shreds, one painful stroke at a time. You'll come back to this very spot and beg me to relieve your grief by sending you to the paradise of God." Her eyes glow. A smile plays on her lips as if she were enjoying this on some level. "Do you wish this brand of torment on your living soul?"

"I do." I'd accept any torment she's willing to gift me so long as Skyla and I can be together.

She sharpens her gaze over me. "Who says you'll be with Skyla?" The ethereal plane trembles with her laughter as I suction backward through the thick lavender fog.

"Now look what you've done," Dudley bleeds the words into my ear as we land safe on Paragon just shy of his overgrown barn.

"I have to get to Skyla." I start to take off, and he pulls me back.

"Not so fast. It's Jock Strap's time to shine."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Did I stutter? Besides, no need to run, you're in a Treble. You can appear to them at will. But might I suggest you hold off a bit and let them grieve the fact you've truly left the land of the living. This Treble she's put you in is far more fragile than the one she gifted you prior. I wouldn't run around making any big future plans-or dinner arrangements for that matter."

I pull my arm free as his words settle in. Dudley wants me to let Skyla grieve once and for all, and in the process she and Gage will bond immeasurably.

"Precisely," he muses. "I can hear you by the way."

"What do I do in the meantime?"

"There's a fresh bed with your name on it in the Soullennium."

"What about here?" I motion back at his overgrown house. "You've got sixteen spare bedrooms."

"I've work to do, and I'm afraid I can't have you in my way." A shit-eating grin spreads over his face.

"Are you still my supervising spirit?"

"As long as you're in the Treble." He winces as if the idea pained him.

"I'll give Gage and Skyla some breathing room, but it doesn't mean I'm not popping in every now and again."

"Very well." He tips into me with a solemn expression before turning toward the house.

I pull him back by the sleeve. "Watch her for me, will you?"

Dudley glances down at my fingers still gripping his shirt, but I don't let go. "I promise you, I'll do just that."

I hold out my hand, and he meets me with a firm shake.

"Until we meet again." He tips his head into me as I start to disappear.

Paragon fades into that constant fog it's been robed in since the beginning of time, as I head off to my new home in the Soullennuim. Death pulls me from the planet like a thousand whips hooking into my skin with its knife-sharp edges. It tackles me in the gut and drives me down the ethereal field right toward that shithole that Skyla isn't allowed to visit. Then I relax and stop fighting something that's already happened, and the pain goes away. A peace that surpasses all understanding takes over. And deep in my heart I know I'll be back-back to Paragon-back to Skyla.

So many things have changed, and, yet one thing remains the same. I'm still madly in love with my beautiful bride, and I'll move heaven and earth to make us happen.

We're still happening. I can feel it. We still have hope.

"I love you more than the heavens love the sun and the moon, Skyla," I shout it out over the planet like a battle cry.

And from this moment on, it is one.

