Chapter One

The voice on the phone was faint.

"Are you a private eye?"

"Yes," I said. "Although we don't call ourselves that anymore."

"What do you call yourselves?" The voice was so faint that I had to shove my cell phone against my ear, which I always hated to do.

Outside, through my open office window, I heard a homeless man crying alone. There's nothing sadder than the sound of a homeless man crying alone.

And just as the thought crossed my mind, I saw myself weeping over my own son's burned body.

Yeah, there are some things sadder.

I said, "We prefer to call ourselves eavesdropping technicians."

"Seriously?"

"No. How can I help you?"

I usually got lots of calls throughout the day. Most people spent forty minutes telling me how bad their lives were, how bad their relationships were, and how they were certain that so-and-so was cheating on them or stealing from them or screwing them somehow-only for them to tell me they'd get back to me. They generally didn't get back to me. They generally worked out their problems themselves. And talking to me was, somehow, the catalyst. So I didn't take most of my calls too seriously. At least, not at first.

"I know someone who needs help," said the faint voice.

"Would that someone be you?"

Hesitation. "No."

"What kind of help?" I asked.

"You're not going to believe me if I tell you."

I nearly chuckled. Nearly. These days, I didn't chuckle much. If at all. And if I had a nickel for every time someone told me I wouldn't believe their story, I would have, well, a shitload of nickels. What people didn't understand was that private investigators had heard it all before. Dozens of times.

"Try me," I said.

"Jesus, maybe this is a bad idea. I'll probably get fired-or worse."

"Probably," I said.

"That's not very encouraging."

"If you think you'll get fired for telling me something-or anyone anything-then trust your instincts."

"Good point," said the voice.

I waited. The computer screen chose that moment to go into screensaver mode as the computer's logo slowly bounced within the screen. I watched it idly, but my thoughts were on the side of the road, where I had been flung from the burning car so many years ago.

"Yes," said the voice in my ear about twenty seconds later. "Yes, I'm willing to risk my job. Hell, I could even be willing to risk my life, but that could just be paranoia talking."

"Tell me about it."

The caller took in a lot of air, and then said, "I work at Medievaland in Orange County. Have you heard of it?"

"Jousting tournaments, eating with your hands, and waitresses dressed like wenches," I said.

"Yeah, that's the place."

"Never heard of it," I said.

The voice laughed lightly. "Anyway, we put on nightly shows. I work as a squire in the show, which means I run around in fake chainmail tights and look like an idiot."

Now I laughed, perhaps for the first time in a long, long time.

"I know," he said. "Ridiculous. But what the hell. A job is a job, plus I get to work around horses and I love horses. Anyway, we do this bit where we bring out a prisoner wearing an iron mask."

"An iron mask?"

"Yeah, like in the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio."

"Or the Alexandre Dumas novel."

"I don't know about the novel," the voice said. "Anyway, I've worked there for two months and realized that I didn't know who played the part of the guy wearing the iron mask. I mean, they just wheel him out, then wheel him back, and we never see who he is."

He paused, perhaps for effect. I waited, not so much for effect. I looked at the picture of my son on the desk. My deceased son.

"I want to know who the guy in the iron mask is," he finally said.

"Have you asked around?"

"Yes, and no one seems to know."

"You're right," I said.

"Right about what?"

"I don't believe you."

I nearly hung up. For some reason, I paused just long enough for him to stop me. To convince me to stop. And he did.

"Wait. Hear me out." I heard the urgency in his voice.

"Okay," I said.

"Something's going on," he continued. "Something weird. No one's talking to me. And no one seems to know who the guy in the iron mask is."

"Probably an extra on the show," I said, always the voice of reason.

"That's what I figured, until I saw them wheel him away the other night."

"Which night?"

"Two nights ago."

"Go on."

"I was backstage in the prop room grabbing another sword for my knight-the things always break. Anyway, the skit with the prisoner in the iron mask had just ended and I watched them roll him backstage. I'll admit, my interest was piqued, if only to settle my own curiosity."

I waited. Admittedly, my interest was piqued, too. And who said the word "piqued" these days, anyway? I thought about that as I waited.

Finally, the voice said, "The first thing I noticed was that they never took him out of the iron mask."

"What do you mean?"

"They just kept on rolling him down a side hall, and then into one of the service tunnels, which leads to, from what I understand, a basement of sorts under the arena."

"They never took the guy out of the mask?"

"No."

An oddly cold chill coursed through me as I processed this. "You've never been below the restaurant?"

"No."

"And no one else knows who the guy in the iron mask is?"

"No one. At least, not the other squires. We don't hang out much with the knights."

"And you tried looking into this yourself?"

"I did."

"And what happened?"

"I was told that if I was ever seen near the elevator again, I would be fired."

"So why are you calling me?" I asked.

"I want you to find out who the man in the iron mask is."

"Why?" I asked.

This time there was a lot of silence, and I found myself shaking my head. In this business, you never knew who was going to call you. The homeless man continued weeping. In my mind's eye, I saw my son's burned flesh. His burned and smoking flesh.

Finally, the guy on the phone spoke. "Because I think the man in the iron mask needs help."

"What do you mean?"

"I think-and this is the part where I know I sound crazy-that he might really be a prisoner."

"Not crazy," I said. "Batshit crazy."

I heard him breathing on his end of the line. Breathing hard. Raspy. He'd gotten himself worked up. Finally, he said, "Do you want the job?"

I thought about it-and thought about my past few crazy cases, both of which involved creatures of the night-and said, "What the hell. Crazy is right up my alley."

Chapter Two

Roxi and I were sitting on her balcony.

We were looking out over Los Feliz, which is a sort of borough in Los Angeles, except they don't call them boroughs here, and I can never pronounce Los Feliz right anyway. Whenever I try to pronounce it right, I get corrected, and if I try to pronounce it another way, emphasizing the 'e' in Feliz, I get corrected again. I've decided there might just be something wrong with me.

"How do you pronounce Los Feliz?" I asked Roxi again, who was now my girlfriend of a couple of years, God bless her patient heart.

"Not the way you pronounce it," she said. She was sipping on a glass of chardonnay with her feet crossed over the balcony railing. Three stories below, a steady stream of people swept up and down Vermont Avenue. Toward, undoubtedly, a slew of trendy restaurants.

"No one pronounces it the way I pronounce it," I said. "Apparently, I'm the only one in Los Feliz who can't pronounce Los Feliz."

"Los Feliz," she corrected, emphasizing the 'e' in a way I thought I just had. "And you're not the only one who can't pronounce it. People who just move here can't pronounce it; that is, until they learn how to pronounce."

I sighed in a manner that suggested I gave up, which I don't often do for anything, especially cases.

Roxi grinned and reached out and touched my thigh in a way that always sent a shiver through me. And just as the feeling coursed through me, I fought it back. What right did I have to feel shivers, or pleasure of any kind?

I didn't. Not now. Not ever.

Roxi must have sensed me recoil, even if slightly, and gently withdrew her hand. How and why she stayed with me was still a perplexing puzzle that I had quit trying to understand nearly two years ago. If I hurt her feelings by recoiling, she didn't show it. She knew me better than most-perhaps better than anyone. She knew I was damaged goods, and she knew what she had gotten herself into. Instead, she took a sip from her chardonnay, re-crossed her legs and asked what case I was working on.

And so I told her about the mystery man in the iron mask, who made nightly appearances in the Medievaland shows, and who was, apparently, carted off to a subterranean chamber beneath the arena.

"You're kidding," said Roxi.

"Do I ever kid?" I asked.

"Good point. Okay, so this guy is strapped to, what, a sort of upright gurney, a la Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal Lecter?"

"That's how I envision it," I said.

"And it's all part of the show?" she asked.

"Apparently."

"But your client doesn't think so?"

"Right," I said.

"Does he know how crazy he sounds?"

"I think he does."

"And?"

"And he still wants to hire me anyway."

"Is it ethical to take his money if he's crazy?"

"I haven't taken it yet."

"You're going to check out the scene first," said Roxi.

"Right."

Below me, I watched a car bump into the back of another car at the Los Feliz Blvd and Vermont intersection. The bump was minor. The first car barely moved, if at all. If anything, it was all brake squeal and no bark. Still, the driver of the first car got out. An older guy wearing a sweater around his shoulders, he jawed in a manner which suggested anger. Or even hate, although I couldn't hear what was being said. I had been in an accident a few years ago. Two of them, in fact. Two accidents, two deaths. My wife in the first, my son in the second.

Two for two, I thought, and wished all over again it had been me.

"And this guy in the iron mask...your client doesn't know who he is?"

"Apparently, no one does. At least, no one who's talking."

"And he sees the guy being wheeled to an elevator that leads below the arena?"

"Yes."

"Still strapped to the gurney?"

"Yes."

"Okay, that's weird," said Roxi. Roxi was about my age, but looked younger. Guys ten years older than me still looked younger than me. Going through what I went through had a tendency to age a guy...and drive him to the brink of a massive, catastrophic depression. Roxi helped me steer clear of such a depression. Roxi was a bright light in what would have been, I was sure, an unbearable existence.

"You can't just go in there and ask about the guy in the iron mask," said Roxi.

"No."

"So what's the plan?"

"I'll poke around," I said. Below, the older guy was now taking pictures with his camera phone.

"You're good at poking around," said Roxi, and I was sure that was the wine talking.

But I let her flirtatious comment go, as usual. Maybe another day, another lifetime ago, I might have flirted back, but my days of flirting were over.

Forever.

Chapter Three

Medievaland looks like a big castle.

It was definitely not something you'd expect to see in the middle of Orange County, a county famous for its desperate housewives, beaches and, perhaps, citrus fruits.

Then again, what did I know? I lived in a small apartment in the heart of Los Angeles, an hour northwest of Orange County. Desperate housewives in my part of town didn't make TV shows. They hired me to follow their husbands. Or find their missing kids. That was my specialty, actually. Finding the missing. Tough field. Especially when I found them dead.

Or worse.

With that said, this part of Orange County-in a place called Buena Park-reminded me a lot of Los Angeles: rough streets, graffiti, homeless and traffic. Yeah, I felt right at home.

That is, of course, until I found myself on Beach Boulevard and surrounded by a surprisingly large crowd of tourists, all here to see Knott's Berry Farm, Ripley's Believe It or Not, and Wild Bill's Dinner Theater. And, of course, Medievaland.

A lot of flash for an otherwise dreary city.

I parked in the back parking lot with a smattering of other vehicles. I was early. The dinner show would start in about an hour.

The Medievaland facade is fortress-like, complete with high towers, turrets, a walkway and even a moat, which I crossed over now along the lowered drawbridge. The lowered drawbridge looked suspiciously non-functional. At the ticket window, I purchased a dinner for one, which included tonight's tournament and a free tour of the facilities. I tried to look excited about the free tour. The girl at the ticket booth smiled at me sadly. Perhaps I had looked too excited.

Ticket in hand, I joined a handful of other guests as we were shown through a gate and into the horse stables. I didn't know much about horses, and suspect I never would, but from what I could tell, these were particularly magnificent creatures. Each was bigger than I thought horses actually were. Yeah, I know. City boy and all that. Still, since when did they grow horses so big?

There were about ten such beasts, all different colors, although the jet-black creature at the far end seemed to hold me transfixed. I was certain he was bigger than the others. No doubt a shitload of hands high. He was watching me in return, tail swishing rhythmically, black eyes unblinking. It took a brave man-or woman-to ride that animal. After our brief stare-down, which I lost, I followed the other guests through the stable and out into the arena itself.

The floor was covered in dirt and sawdust and peanut shells. Two beams of wood ran along either side of the arena floor, where, I suspected, the knights jousted. I could think of a half-dozen other things I would rather do than ride a horse at full speed while another man pointed a spear at my chest.

The arena was larger than I'd expected. Bigger than a high school gymnasium, but not quite the size of a basketball stadium. Still, there were dozens and dozens of rows for what would undoubtedly seat hundreds of guests and tourists.

We continued through the arena, which was roped off so that we wouldn't venture too far astray, and soon found ourselves in the gift shop and cafe, where, I calculated, we would spend more money while waiting for the show to start.

Which is exactly what I did. I spent mine on a Diet Coke served in a pewter mug. I was all too aware that drinking beer in the very same mug would have been heavenly. Except I don't drink beer anymore-or alcohol of any type. I'm a recovering alcoholic, and some days are easier than others. Today was a hard day. Today I was wishing very earnestly that this beautiful-looking mug was filled with ale or grog or mead, or whatever the hell they called it in this place.

Easy, boy, I thought. Easy.

And so I sat there and watched the dozens of other tourists laughing and smiling and drinking, waiting for the show to start. A show that would feature a man in an iron mask.

I shook my head and drank my Diet Coke and wondered again why I had taken this case. In an hour or so, I would see why.

Boy, would I.

Chapter Four

The show was about to begin.

I was seated at a scarred table on a scarred bench. A few minutes earlier, while I had been nursing my second tankard of Diet Coke, the doors to the arena had burst open and two young men wearing colorful tights stepped out. Next, they solemnly raised their longish horns, trumpeted them a few times-just enough to give me a headache-then announced the tournament was about to begin. I might have detected an English accent or two.

I'd joined the multitudes as we passed through the door and into the dark arena. I'm not a tall guy, and soon found myself surrounded by a lot of shoulders and hair and sullen teenage kids. They split us off into various rows and aisles and somehow I ended up with a seat right smack dab in the middle of the arena, about halfway up.

Waitresses made their rounds between the tiered rows. The waitresses looked a lot like poor serving wenches. They also showed a lot of bosom, which, I was certain, was historically accurate.

Drink orders were taken and soon, another pewter mug of Diet Coke was placed before me, along with a basket of bread and a bowl of tomato bisque soup. Noticeably missing were utensils. Apparently, according to my bosomy waitress and armchair historian, those in the eleventh century didn't use utensils.

Others seated nearby promptly used their bread to soak up the soup-or simply slurped happily from their bowls. As they say, when in Rome, do as the Romans do...

Or in this case, Medievaland.

As I slurped-and not very happily-the arena lights dimmed. Drums sounded from seemingly everywhere. A spotlight turned on, shining down on a tunnel entrance. Smoke billowed from the entrance. The drums increased in tempo. Suddenly, a horse and rider burst from the smoke and into the arena, and charged along the outer edge of the open space, kicking up dirt and dust and undoubtedly horseshit.

The crowd clapped and cheered. I didn't clap or cheer. I watched and dipped my garlic bread in the tomato bisque soup.

The horse and rider circled a few more times, whipping the crowd into a frenzy. He finally stopped in the center of the arena and hopped down from his horse. He was wearing full chainmail and a gleaming white tunic. The tunic was embroidered with something that looked like a dragon.

"Hear ye, hear ye!" he bellowed, his voice booming almost supernaturally, seemingly coming from large black boxes suspended around the arena. Certainly not period pieces. Perhaps these were devil boxes. "Dost thou knowest the time?" he asked, turning in a full circle.

"Medieval times!" shouted some in the crowd.

He nodded, pleased. "Aye, good sirs and fair maidens. Tis indeed these medieval times. But more importantly, it's tournament time!"

As the crowd cheered, he explained further: apparently the arena was split into four color-coded quadrants. Red, blue, white and green. I was in the green quadrant and was told I should root for the green knight. My quadrant, like the other three, erupted in wild cheering. It was mob mentality at its best.

But first we would be entertained by the land's finest performers while we ate, drank and were merry. I was rarely, if ever, merry.

While chicken and lamb and ribs were served, while tankards were refilled and cleavage spilled, a steady procession of performers took center stage. First up was a young man on a beautiful white horse. Arabian, I assumed, since the kid was dressed like Aladdin, complete with a jeweled turban and puffy pantaloons. He and his horse performed a mesmerizing series of impressive tricks, which involved a lot of bowing and prancing.

More drinks were served. Plates were cleared.

I nursed my Diet Coke and continued scanning the arena, looking for anything out of place-until I realized the whole damn place was out of place.

A falconer was next, and he and his raptor put on a brief but impressive act. The bird of prey swept low, circling around and around the stadium over the ducking and laughing crowd, and finally pounced on a tattered, stuffed mouse tossed by the falconer himself.

More acts followed. A court jester. A dance troupe. More horse acts, and when the dishes were cleared, the lights went out again. The drumming returned. Even louder this time. More fake smoke appeared out of fog machines, and now four horsemen roared into the area to the frenzied delight of the crowd.

What followed was, admittedly, an exciting display of swordsmanship, jousting and all manner of medieval hullabaloo. The jousting was spectacular, even if the wooden poles were cut away for easy breakage. And in the end, after much pounding of hooves and shattering of lances, as the vanquished knights were dragged out of the arena by their humble squires, one knight remained. He stood in the center of the arena, breathing hard, holding his sword proudly while his section-the blue section-cheered wildly. My own Green Knight, sadly, had been the first to die. A mace to the head. Tragic.

The Blue Knight bowed and his section roared enthusiastically...that is, until the lights dimmed ominously, and a low, rumbling drum filled the air.

The crowd fell quiet. I would have fallen quiet, too, had I been making any noise. I did, however, sit forward on my creaking bench, elbows digging in the scarred table, looking down over the low railing to the arena below.

And waited. From offstage, I heard shouting and fighting. Metal clashing against metal. Curses sworn. Medieval curses, mind you. I waited, sipping on my tankard of Diet Coke.

And, in a surprise twist, a man burst into the arena-just as coincidentally the drumming picked up its pace again. The man was dressed all in black-and rode a black horse. The same black horse I had seen earlier. I was sure of it.

The crowd gasped and a few children screamed. A loud, menacing laughter filled the air. More people gasped. I might have heard a chicken bone clatter onto a pewter plate.

The man in black leaped from his horse, rolled once, and came up to his feet before the Blue Knight. The Black Knight drew his sword from a hip scabbard.

The Blue Knight, who had been soaking in the praises from his adoring section, looked a little put out. After all, the Black Knight was literally raining on his parade. Well, the Blue Knight, fresh off his latest combat victories, was no chump. What ensued was a fierce swordfight, to the delight of the crowd. The Black Knight even went after the Blue Knight's squire. The young guy looked truly terrified, springing to his feet and dashing through the arena. Good acting.

But the Black Knight wasn't above using tricks and deception. He threw sand in the face of the Blue Knight, pulled his tunic over his head, spun him around comically, and then drove his broadsword deep into the Blue Knight's heart...or perhaps between his inner arm and ribs. Either way, the Blue Knight was very, very pretend dead.

The Black Knight raised his sword triumphantly, circling, while the blue section showered boos upon him. The Black Knight, whose face was covered completely, seemed to revel in the boos.

At that moment, the spotlight shifted to an area where the King and Queen of the realm had been dining at one end of the arena. The king and queen stood.

"Who art thou, foul knight?" inquired the king, his angry voice booming over the speakers.

The man in black strolled casually below the king, looking up. He still wore his mask. "I am the rightful king, my lord." I noted the contempt in his voice.

"Guards!" shouted the king.

And then the arena went black.

The sounds of swords clashing and grunts and men dying filled the air. I heard something else, too, something being wheeled. I sat forward. Somewhere, a child began weeping.

And then the lights turned on. The Black Knight was now standing where the king once stood, next to his queen. The crowd gasped. Below, strapped to a slab of wood on wheels, a slab that was presently standing on one end, was a man in an iron mask.

The Black Knight finally removed his own dark mask, shook out his long blond hair. He was, of course, the Green Knight. My knight, and my section of the arena went crazy.

When the crowd had died down, the Green Knight-the rightful king, apparently, ordered the traitor to be taken away.

The man in the iron mask made little or no movement. I assumed, like the rest of the crowd, that the man in the iron mask had been the one-time king, now imprisoned.

Even from here, I could see the eyes sparkling behind the mask. Impossibly big eyes. One thing I was certain of: those weren't the eyes of the king.

Or the eyes of a man.

A woman's eyes.

I was sure of it.

The dutiful guards turned and wheeled the person strapped to the table out of the arena. To where, I didn't know.

But I was going to find out.

Chapter Five

I slipped away from my table, stepped over the crushed peanut shells littering the floor, and headed for the closest exit.

The exit consisted of a longish tunnel, and behind me, the crowd suddenly erupted in a wild cheer. The cheer turned into chants, and everyone within the arena seemed to be having a grand time. Well everyone, that is, but the person strapped to the slab of wood.

Those eyes...

I picked up my pace and emerged from the tunnel, back into the main lobby. The bar was mostly empty, as were the coffee and gift shops. Workers milled around, no doubt waiting for the crowd that would soon be spilling forth from the packed arena. I didn't see any security guards. No security guards was a good thing.

The girl cleaning up the coffee shop smiled at me as I swept past her. I didn't smile back. In fact, I couldn't remember the last time I had smiled back at anyone.

I headed over the drawbridge, and back toward the parking lot. The night was cool and the moon was full. Somewhere out there a werewolf was howling. That is, of course, if you believed in that sort of thing.

I passed two security guards sitting in a golf cart. One was texting. The other was on his cell phone. Neither noticed me. I continued past them along a sidewalk that eventually led me around the building. There, I found what I was looking for.

It was more than a loading dock, and it was a beehive of activity, with horses coming and going, all handled by medieval employees dressed in chainmail. Although I didn't smoke, I knew that doing so provided a great reason to loiter. So I sacrificed my health, loitered near the loading docks, and watched the activity going on behind Medievaland.

Yogi Berra had once said, "You can observe a lot just by watching." I almost smiled at this. Then I thought of how my son had loved baseball, and a wave of guilt wiped any smile I might have had.

I kept away from the squires or handlers-or whatever the hell they were called. As I smoked, I wondered idly if my client was somewhere among them.

I next turned my attention to a big rig that had just entered. As it came to a stop next to me, I flicked away my cigarette and climbed into the rig's passenger seat before the driver got out.

"What the hell do you want?" He was a large guy with a graying ponytail and a handlebar mustache.

"Sorry to barge in," I said nicely enough. "I just wanted to know if you could use some help unloading a little of that hay." I held out a fifty.

Handlebar regarded me with some suspicion, and I didn't blame him.

"You don't need to know," I answered in advance. I pushed the fifty into his hand. He shrugged and took it.

The bales were deceivingly heavy. We worked silently, stacking them onto wooden slats. I studied the entrance as I unloaded the large, fresh-smelling rectangular bundles. Most of the squires had left by now, but there were a few hanging out by the entrance. I watched them watch who entered.

Guards, I thought.

I thanked the truck driver for letting me pay to help him-and approached the entrance. No one questioned me. Having observed me stack the hay, they assumed I was there on business. I entered, followed the aroma of horse, and soon found myself at the stables.

The black stallion's stall was the very last. As I approached him, I once again saw that he was no ordinary steed. He regarded me with an intelligence I didn't think horses possessed. Hell, few humans possessed it. I heard footsteps and voices. The great black beast instinctively backed up. Equally instinctively, I jumped into his stall. I crouched in the front corner as the footsteps came nearer. Black Beauty ignored me and came forward nonchalantly. I could hear two men, apparently making their rounds for the night, talking together. They checked the padlocks on each of the stalls. When they came to ours, the horse didn't so much as glance at me.

"I'll take care of it, no problem," the first guy said. "The woman, now...you mentioned she's becoming more of a problem?"

"She is." The second guy's tone implied he had a little authority.

Apparently they'd decided to chat just outside Black Beauty's stall. Lucky me.

"She's attracting attention. People are beginning to wonder. Like that squire the other night. He said he was just curious, but I'm not so sure."

"And he's one of us supposedly," the first man said. "If so, why would he be asking so many questions?"

"Damn good question," said the second guy. "It may be too risky to keep him around, too."

The horse snorted next to me and moved a little closer in my direction. From my crouched position, the great beast looked, exactly, ten stories high.

Anyway, the second guy continued. "We've kept her here as long as we could. But it may be time to get rid of her. After all, we don't really need her, right?"

"Right, although it's been damn interesting."

At this, my stablemate neighed viciously and pawed his giant hooves. Something was spooking him, and that something was, undoubtedly, a smallish detective squatting nervously in the front corner of the stall.

But the two men ignored the noise.

"It has been," the first guy agreed, "but what are you going to do?"

"I'll bring it up with the others."

"Will we all be able to be there? Whatever the decision is?"

Black Beauty suddenly bucked, making contact with the back wall. I crouched further into my front corner. The two men were walking away now, their voices fading.

"...it will be a joint decision, I'm sure..." said the first, and then they were gone, their voices fading with them.

I quietly stood up and faced the huge animal. We observed each other for a moment, each unable to communicate except with our eyes. His belied trust. My gut told me they were talking about the woman I'd been hired to help. And perhaps my client. All the more reason to get to her-and the sooner the better. Even if I couldn't free her tonight, I had to at least find out where and how she was being detained. Then I could form a plan.

I waited a few minutes. I patted the horse's great neck and pretended I knew what I was doing. He just stood there. He could have easily trampled me to death. Part of me wished he would.

But he didn't, so I hauled myself back out of the stall. I walked quietly, listening hard, and systematically searched for a way to the basement. Shortly, I found the service elevator-and a stairway down.

The elevator wouldn't do. Not at this time of night. Too much noise. No cover. My every instinct told me to take the stairs, which I did.

The basement was dimly lit, and something told me there was danger here. That something came in the form of the hair standing on end at the back of my neck. I pushed forward, alert.

Empty rooms, one after another. No storage or equipment down here. What the hell was this place? My defenses were up. Way up.

I rounded a corner and stopped abruptly. Here, was a door with a padlock. Across the way, two men sat in another room, talking quietly and playing cards. I knew this was the room, but how to...

Suddenly I heard a great ruckus from above. A horse stomping and whinnying. I knew it was Black Beauty. How I knew this, I didn't know. But I was sure of it. I stepped deeper into the shadows as the men threw down their cards and raced past me. Soon, I heard their boots pounding up the stairs.

I had no time to lose. I silently thanked the horse and pulled out my set of lock picks. Every competent detective has one. Thirty seconds later-an eternity in my mind-I slipped off the lock and opened the door.

I was almost sorry I did.

Chapter Six

She was lying in the far corner.

A shaft of light from the hallway behind me cast a rectangle of yellow into the room. If not for that, the woman had been lying in complete darkness.

I stared, trying to process what I was seeing, until I realized there was no processing any of this.

This...this was unimaginable.

She was propped against the far wall, arms suspended from chains. No, not any chains. Silver chains. They sparkled and caught the ambient light. Correction...barbed silver chains, digging deeply into her skin. Next to her was an empty plastic cup, with a little blood still in it. Her mask was indeed iron, but had been welded down the middle with molten silver.

Jesus.

The room was filthy, reminding me of a true medieval dungeon. The stone room was a perfect box. Ten by ten and humid as hell. A torture chamber, if I'd ever seen one. A place to be forgotten, where screams would never, ever be heard.

Sweet Jesus.

Who she was, I didn't know. Why she was chained and bound and covered in an iron mask...I didn't know that either. This was beyond even my own comprehension.

And I'd seen some pretty wild shit.

Although I was hardly an expert on the supernatural, I suspected there was something to the silver that dug into her skin and held the mask in place.

A vampire?

I'd seen my share of such creatures. Whether or not I truly believed they existed, I didn't know. Part of me-most of me-believed they were nothing more than the wild conjurings of my grief-stricken mind. Still, I had seen things that defied logic. So much so that I had done my best to forget what I had seen.

But this...there was no forgetting this.

Ever.

Whoever she was, she was clearly weak. Her head hung down, her arms suspended from chains. She could have been Joan of Arc awaiting her burning at the stake. She could have been any number of victims, awaiting further brutality at the hands of their tormentors.

Her chest didn't move. Nothing moved. Dead?

Jesus. I was tempted to pull out my cell and call 911. Hell, call anyone. And tell them what? A woman was chained to a wall beneath Medievaland?

A dead woman, I thought. She's not breathing.

I was just about to rush to her side when something amazing happened.

She lifted her head.

And looked right at me.

Chapter Seven

Amazingly, she pushed herself up to a sitting position.

Despite the chains-and despite the fact that she was not breathing-she held herself with dignity. I moved forward, squatted before her.

"Who are you?" I asked. No time to waste. I was thinking fast. Take her or come back with a better plan? If we were caught, I had a feeling I wouldn't be coming back. Ever. I'd be six feet under.

"You should go," she echoed my thoughts in an accented voice.

I looked at the cup of blood before her. The cup of congealing blood. Blood that had been, I was sure, recently consumed. By her?

Sweet, sweet Jesus.

There was a bendy straw in the cup, the only way to feed her, I guessed, through a tiny hole in the mask in the mouth area.

"Why are you being held here?" I placed my hand on hers just to be sure. Ice cold. I nearly recoiled but didn't. She was either dead or a...

A vampire.

I'm dreaming, I thought. I'm not really here. Yesterday I was following a cheating spouse. A man who'd been secretly dating his boss. A male boss. Last night I was sitting on the balcony with Roxi, holding her hand. Her very warm hand.

I'm dreaming, I thought again.

No, whispered a soft voice in my thoughts. So soft that I could have heard it next to me. You're not dreaming, friend. And you are in terrible danger.

Dream or no dream, the eyes behind the mask suddenly widened and shot up behind me. I barely had time to react.

I swung around, my right leg extended so as to hopefully trip whoever was behind me. It worked-for one of my attackers. The element of surprise bought me a precious second or two. I punched the one still standing, hard, but it did little damage. My punches rarely did little damage. My punches generally did a lot of damage. But now my arm rebounded as surely as if I'd hit a side of beef.

Or something not human.

The one I'd tripped was up in a flash. Too fast. Faster than I'd ever seen any man move.

Because he's not a man, came a thought. A thought, I was alarmed to discover, that was not my own.

I searched the room for a weapon...anything. There were only the silver chains wrapped around the woman. I wouldn't sink so low as to hide behind a chained woman. I glanced at her, and she gestured to the far corner. Nearly hidden in shadows was an old two-by-four leaning against the wall.

I did get a few punches in as I maneuvered toward the corner. Punches that had little, if any, effect. Indeed, I might have just broken my hand on one of their jaws.

I almost reached the wood, and the door. I had to choose. I didn't care for either option. I wasn't keen on the idea of running, but I was less inclined to die.

Just as I lunged for the two-by-four, one of the bastards tripped me, and the other got a hold of the wood instead. The last thing I remembered was trying to cover my head as I saw the blow coming down.

Chapter Eight

The nightmares had changed somewhat over the past couple of years. Locations changed, scenery changed. My son's screaming and his burning body remained the same. My helplessness to save him always remained. The horror remained.

This time we were at the beach. I'd pulled his burning body from the car. I was carrying him, running like hell toward the ocean. (I know saltwater would really hurt, but this was a dream, right?) If only I could get him wet, he might live. Maybe. But the sand slowed my pace. Try as I might, I wasn't getting any closer to the water. My son screamed in pain with every step I took. I was thirsty. The ocean water wouldn't help me but it would save my son. He screeched in agony as I tripped and dropped him on the hot sand.

Christ, I needed water for strength. I wasn't strong enough to get him to the waves...

I was slapped awake. My first thought was of the dream. My second was that my head felt like someone had used it as a soccer ball. As I opened my eyes, my third thought was instantly upon who'd just slapped me. The night was dark and cold. I reached for my gun but a strong hand stopped me.

A strong, feminine hand.

As my vision cleared, the person who seemingly manifested before me was the last person I'd expected to see. Then again, considering where I had been and what I had just seen, maybe I shouldn't have been too surprised.

"Veronica."

My client from two years ago. My client who'd first introduced me to the world of the undead. Or to my own insanity.

"Yeah. You're welcome," she said.

We were in an alley, but where, I had no clue. For a second I thought I was going to throw up. I gagged. She stepped back a little. Polite of her. I forced my half-digested medieval dinner to stay put. Next, Veronica helped me to my feet. She was clearly stronger than she looked. She steered me to a small car that was parked just inside the alley.

Later, after she'd put a few miles behind us, she pulled onto a quiet street and stopped the car. She lit a cigarette as I ran my fingers tenderly around the back of my head. Two giant lumps. Oh, goody.

"Smoking's bad for your health," I said, wincing. "Cuts years off your life."

She laughed. "So does getting your head bludgeoned."

I didn't laugh. I didn't say anything either. I was still processing the night. I was still processing the fact that I was now sitting next to an old client of mine. A client who, I was certain, was now very much a creature of the night.

Yeah, I'm going crazy.

"What the hell were you doing there?" she asked.

Veronica still looked eighteen, although her dark eyes held more wisdom than any eighteen year old I'd ever seen. We'd touched base only a few times since I'd saved her life a couple of years ago.

"How did you find me?" I asked.

"You wouldn't understand."

"Try me."

"We're..." she paused, started again. "We're connected somehow, Spinoza."

Crazy words. They were words that made me even forget the two lumps at the back of my head. "I need a drink."

"No drinks, Spinoza. The man who attacked me years ago was a vampire. You know that."

"I really need a drink."

"Calm down, buckaroo. This isn't new news. Anyway, by saving me, we somehow...bonded."

"Bonded?"

She nodded. "Mentally. It happens when there's a close bond between vampire and mortal. Apparently saving one's life accelerates that bond. Who knew?"

"You know you sound crazy," I said. "Batshit crazy."

"Says the man I found lying in the alley in a pool of his own blood. How do you think I found you?"

I thought about that as long and hard as my throbbing head would permit. Bonded? Lord help me.

"Now that that's out of the way, Spinoza, why don't you tell me what sort of shit you've stumbled into?"

Rubbing my head, hearing the craziness that was issuing forth from my mouth, I told her about my case, everything I'd explained to Roxi, plus the night's events.

She sat there, thinking. "Huh," she finally said.

"Very astute," I commented. "Know anything about the woman in the iron mask?"

"I will soon," was all she said. "And, if my hunch is correct, she is far more than a woman. Far, far more."

Chapter Nine

I opened the fridge, half-expecting to find an ice-cold beer. Or a twelve-pack. Of course, there wasn't any beer. There was a half-bottle of Roxi's chardonnay, but I firmly guided my hand to a Diet Coke, along with half a meatball sandwich that I tossed in the microwave.

I took these to my desk. I wanted nothing more than to crawl into bed, but I had work to do. I thought of those woeful eyes behind the mask. Not blue, but violet. And they had been full of pain that may have matched my own. Maybe.

I picked up my cell and punched in my client's number. Voicemail. I left a message and hung up. I opened my laptop and researched Medievaland. I wanted to learn who owned that particular franchise. This information could be easily found, if one knew how. Then I did some background checks on the owner. Came up with nothing. They weren't vampires, of that I was certain. They didn't even live in California. That's one annoying aspect of private detective work; much of the research is necessary but hardly ever relevant to the case.

I washed the last of the sandwich down with a swig of Diet Coke. Her accent. Swedish? Norwegian? I could be at my laptop all day. I didn't have enough information. I called my client again, frowning when he still failed to pick up. Now that I'd seen her, I understood his concern. So why wasn't he answering?

I knew it was pointless, but I searched the internet for vampires with violet eyes. That would have been too easy. And probably inaccurate. Nothing, of course. I called a couple of trusted contacts and inquired.

Three hours later, still at my desk, I sat drumming my fingers. My mind wandered to the last drink I'd taken before killing my son. He would have been fifteen now, had I not taken that last drink. Or maybe the last four or five. He might have had a girlfriend. I'd never had a chance to give him "the talk."

It was early afternoon and Roxi would be calling soon. She called me every day. The thought was comforting, and I felt a pang of disappointment that I might disappoint her with my lack of progress. Meeting a vampire in silver chains was something, but I didn't consider getting clobbered and dumped in an alley as progress. I knew two things: one, I needed to talk more with my client, and two, I had to help the imprisoned woman, whoever she was.

* * *

A shower and clean clothes helped.

I'd heard somewhere that a shower could make you feel as good as 25 milligrams of Demerol. I wondered if that was true. I'd never taken it; I refused to ever take anything to ease pain. I didn't feel I deserved to be relieved of pain of any kind. But I did ice the lump on my head to bring down the swelling. I'd had concussions before. I didn't think I had one now, but I wouldn't be of use to anyone if I couldn't function.

I had filled Roxi in when she called. With my past cases, in regard to creatures of the night, Roxi had proven to be remarkably open-minded. More so than I had been. I would have dismissed such stories as just that...stories.

That was, if course, if I hadn't seen these things first-hand.

They're real, I thought. Whatever they are.

And Veronica was one of them. And perhaps even more strange, she and I were linked telepathically. As in, she somehow had access to my thoughts. My tortured thoughts. Poor thing.

I shook my head again and winced.

"You should see a doctor," she said, referring to my head injuries.

"I'm fine," I said.

"Well, let me at least come over. Fix you dinner?"

I supposed all women had a tendency to fix things, but I hated it.

"It's okay. I have to go out. Research."

"About vampires?"

"Something like that."

She asked me to call later. I promised I would. Roxi cared for me, but she also respected my work. Even when it came to blood-sucking fiends. If I were her, I would have run for the hills. And kept running.

I hung up and got my coat and keys.

Chapter Ten

The Tam O'Shanter was a classy Scottish pub in Glendale.

I liked it because of its unique, somewhat secretive ambiance and the intelligent, diverse regulars. You could mingle at the bar, or sit quietly alone and listen to the pianist, Frank. I liked the older big band tunes. Frank was a real entertainer. He could jump from "Getting to Know You" to "Clair de Lune" with the seamless grace of a ballerina, either leading the chorus of voices that rose around him or bending into the kind of classical piece that let his piano do the talking. It was a great place to get away, a place where no one would think of finding me; it was my little secret haven.

I got into my car and headed over to the Tam, where I was to meet Veronica. As I entered the pub, Frank transitioned his melody to "As Time Goes By" from the old Bogie film, Casablanca. He knew I liked that particular tune and played it whenever I came in. He smiled at me, and I attempted a smile back.

Attempted.

Veronica was sipping a martini in a nearby booth. I slipped in across from her and ordered an Arnold Palmer. "Tell me something I don't know, kiddo," I said.

"Stop calling me that."

"Okay, Mistress of the Night, tell me something I don't know."

Veronica unsheathed an olive from the toothpick and popped it into her mouth. My mouth watered. I looked away.

"You really have a knack for picking cases," she observed as I faced her again.

"I thought you were going to tell me something new."

"I am. I just don't know where to begin."

"Why don't you start with this: Who is the woman in the mask?"

Instead she said, "There's a newer group of vampires in Orange County. They formed as a coven a few years ago, but they've grown much larger than that."

"How much larger?"

"I'm not quite sure. They're very secretive. Probably about thirty in all. They're becoming a gang, or like some mob or something."

"How so?"

"They're recruiting new vampires wherever they can to do their dirty work for them."

"Dirty work?"

"You know, harvesting fresh blood and all that."

My stomach turned as I considered this. I stirred my Arnold Palmer with a straw. "Murders?"

Veronica nodded. "Of course."

"Why haven't I heard about this? If only in the newspaper?"

"The cops are treating them like some serial case. They're keeping it under wraps for now."

"Probably don't want to scare away any tourists," I said with a touch of bitterness. "How thoughtful of them."

"Yeah. Or maybe they're just scared."

I thought of the good cops I knew. Their jobs were tough enough. And finding blood-drained bodies all over the place? How would that sound to the public?

Frank was playing a beautiful rendition of Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World." Ah, the irony of it all.

"Scared. Possibly," I said. "I take it this relates to our prisoner?"

"I'm pretty sure. But this coven, or gang, is really on the down-low. My associates have only just begun to learn about them."

"I'm surprised you're not hunting them down."

She gave that wicked smile and her eyes gleamed. "Give me time," she answered. I had to give the girl credit, Veronica was tough. Always had been. And it all began a few years ago when her own parents had been attacked and killed. By vampires.

They'd picked the wrong victim.

She was, of course, one of them now. A vampire who hunted her own, as she would, apparently, until the end of time.

I guided her back to the subject at hand. "And the vampire in the iron mask?"

"I don't know much. Her name is Natassa. She arrived on the scene not long after this coven formed, and there are a couple of different theories about her."

I waited.

"Some say that she's from some country in Europe..."

"Like Transylvania?"

"Ha ha." Veronica gave me the finger; she hated vampire jokes. But I liked to tease her when I could. "Go on," I said.

"Some say this coven captured her because she was trying to hunt them."

"She was hunting a coven? By herself?"

"I don't know if she was alone. But rumor has it she's pretty powerful. So they keep her as an example for anyone else trying to cross their path."

"Interesting," I noted. "What's the other story?"

"This is the curious part. My associates who do know about her believe it's possible that she's the one who started all the killing, and that they're holding her to prevent her from doing more damage. The idea is that she created some real monsters and the coven is trying to stop all the killings."

I envisioned those violet eyes. Her brief words implied concern not for herself, but for me and...who?

"Maybe your client?" Veronica asked as surely as if I had voiced my question. I might never get used to the fact that she could read my thoughts. "You haven't heard from him, have you?"

"Just once. One phone call. I've called him back a few times today; he doesn't pick up. And I don't know his name."

"Oh?"

"Some of my clients work that way. They just put the payments under my door, so to speak. It's not too unusual."

"He might be in trouble."

I nodded. I touched the back of my head again, gauging the size of my bruises. "I wonder why they didn't kill me."

"I'm betting it's because you're fairly well-known."

"You think I would have made headline news?" The thought gave my ego a little boost.

"Killing a PI usually isn't wise," she stated. "You're not a cop, but you have cop friends."

"I'll add that to the perks of my line of business."

For a moment we were lost in our own thoughts. Or maybe Veronica was picking my brain again. The thought that they hadn't killed me didn't mean they wouldn't. I should handle this quickly. Move in, move out. Mission accomplished.

"So you think you're just going to go in there and get her?" she said, reading my mind again.

"I don't think she's gonna walk out of there on her own," I said.

"Look, Spinoza. I have certain friends who can keep this confidential. They would be willing to help."

I shook my head. "I'm not getting mixed up with a bunch of vampires. This is my case; I'll handle it."

"But..."

"No buts. Tell them thanks for the offer, though." Before she could protest further, I said, "Your first view of the situation makes more sense."

"That they caught her trying to hunt them down."

"Yes."

"Well, I'm coming with you, anyway."

"Look, kiddo-Veronica-I appreciate it. I saved your life once, and I don't want that to be in vain."

"You can't do this on your own, Spinoza."

"You'd be surprised." I was no vampire, but over the years I had contrived more than a few brilliant plans to bring back missing kids, plans that most men in their right minds wouldn't dare to attempt. But whoever said I was in my right mind?

"Why? Why are you going to do it? If you're not sure?"

"One, because I was paid to do a job. Two, I saw her. She's no demon. I have to help her."

"Knight in shining armor." Veronica rolled her eyes.

"Pun intended?"

"Yes."

I remembered how weak, yet determined, those eyes were. Young eyes.

"She's not a kid, Spinoza. Neither are they." Veronica locked eyes with me. "I'm serious, Spinoza."

"So am I."

"I see those timeworn wheels turning." She made a squeaky, old sound.

"Funny."

"You're not that old. But seriously...an Arnold Palmer?" Veronica laughed. I regarded the drink I was nursing with disdain. Okay, I was old, so what? I made a mental note to start going to the gym, maybe after this case was over.

"You can't just go in and get her out," she observed. "That's why you owe me."

"That makes no sense whatsoever."

"You did something for me, now I'm going to return the favor. You don't have a choice in the matter."

I considered this. It would be good to have a partner. I trusted Veronica. Also, I knew how stubborn she was. She'd probably follow me whether I wanted her to or not.

Hell, we were telepathically linked.

I drummed my fingers on the bar and listened to the music and couldn't help but start to plan. I'd seen enough, I believed, of the building's layout. I thought of Al Pacino, of Bruce Willis, and then sighed as my plan worked itself out in my mind. Hell, I still had it in me.

I think.

Veronica knew I didn't take bullshit from anyone. For sure I wasn't going to let anyone get away with clobbering me. She was expertly applying lipstick to her full lips, without the aid of a mirror.

"How many are there?" I asked.

"Not sure, but I'd say about ten."

I thought about how to get her out of there.

"It won't be easy," Veronica said, reading my damn mind again.

"Sorry," she added.

She didn't sound sorry. "All right," I conceded. "You're with me. But on my terms. Got it?"

"Sure," she said, tossing back the last of her martini.

"We move tomorrow night," I told her. "Here's what I want you to do..."

Chapter Eleven

I stepped into AJ's gun shop.

The shop is located in a not-so-nice area of Hollywood. Hookers, dealers, crazy people with big signs warning of the end of the world. It was late afternoon, and another customer was buying supplies. AJ nodded a greeting to me. I nodded back and waited until the customer left.

"What can I do you for?" There were hundreds, hell, probably thousands of gun and ammo dealers in Los Angeles, but AJ was one of those who respected privacy. And confidentiality. Two virtues that I considered essential. At least in a gun dealer.

"Lock the door," I said softly. "Turn off your cameras."

AJ was a tough guy. In his business, you had to be tough. He looked like a muscle-head bouncer, but was far more shrewd. He was six-foot-four and none of his two hundred and forty pounds were fat. His head was shaved, and he had tattoos up and down his massive body, including an unlikely pair of red lips on his scalp.

We'd known each other for a few years, and he respected my work. Hopefully, he still would after my purchases today. He flipped a switch under the counter, turning off the cameras, and crossed the room in two long strides to bolt the door. He also turned his door sign around to: "Closed."

AJ knew I was in the business of finding lost kids, but he never asked me questions. Smart. The less you know and all that. But he wasn't quite prepared for this request.

"I need two semi-automatics that can hold silver bullets," I said, as if I were ordering coffee. Or maybe a Bloody Mary. Pun intended.

AJ regarded me a moment with a stone-faced expression, then went into the back. I listened as he shuffled around a few things, and soon he returned with a long, polished wooden box and a few boxes of ammo. He watched me expectantly, arms crossed over his chest.

"May I?" I asked.

He grinned and opened the box. The inside was lined with red velvet that surrounded the finely made but very lethal rifle. The piece itself was hard, smooth silver. The handle was crafted out of obsidian. It was beautiful, a work of art. If an assault rifle could be considered as such.

"This here's a Colt M4 Carbine," he said. "Silver plated. Carries ninety-rounds per clip, and has a custom extended extra clip for easy...ah...access."

I drew it out of the casing. It felt heavy but comfortable in my hands. I could see the red-aim dot at the top.

"Nice," I commented. I held the weapon's butt to my right shoulder and took aim at the mirror. It wasn't loaded, but I still felt a chill, and a perverse sense of power holding it.

I set the Colt back into its velvet case. "What about the bullets?"

AJ pulled a carrying case out of one of the boxes. "These are lead, but silver chrome plated. They're hollow points, and the BBs inside are also silver."

A hollow-point meant the bullet would explode upon impact. It wouldn't just go inside a person-or vampire-and cleanly out the other side, like a regular bullet. I whistled. Was I really going to do this?

"How hollow are they?" I asked him, maintaining a calm demeanor. I wasn't feeling too calm, but he didn't need to know that.

AJ retained his professional attitude as well. "Say from about six feet, a small entry hole, and internal damage about the size of a baseball if you hit your target's chest. No exit wound."

I processed this. Apparently I wasn't the first one to request such a weapon. I considered asking AJ, but he answered questions about as much as he asked. He added, "You hit point blank, you will have a bloody mess on your hands."

"I'll take two." I guess I was going to do this. "How many clips do you have? With the silver BBs?"

"Oh, I think I got seven or eight. You want a carrying case for these?"

"No. Yes," I amended, reconsidering.

"How many clips do you want?"

"All of them."

Chapter Twelve

Sometimes the overhead cost in my line of work is a little high, but I really don't mind.

I considered the rifles a nice little investment. I had also purchased a couple of silver-bladed knives, also with obsidian handles, from AJ. He sent me "packing" with definite inquiries he'd never ask and I'd never answer. All for the best.

I almost smiled when I pictured the look on Roxi's face if she ever saw this bag o' tricks. Then again, perhaps she'd be impressed. I didn't much like killing, but I knew I had to get Natassa out of there. Tonight. Tonight, I would empty those clips with a grand passion.

But the overhead. It was kind of amusing picking out one of those long black coats that henchmen wore in the movies. Even though I wasn't that tall, it made me feel a little taller. More importantly, it would help conceal my weaponry. I bought a pair of shades that my ego convinced me such a character needed. For the first time in my life, I shaved my head.

I arrived at Medievaland around ten, properly outfitted for the evening I had in mind, including a black hat that very nearly made me look as if I belonged there. I met Veronica in the back near the loading area. I had the two carbines, fully loaded, strapped under my coat.

She was dressed in a wench's costume, complete with bodice and lace. After our talk the night before, she'd headed down here and talked her way into a job, starting tonight. I suspected her vampire mind tricks might have helped.

She suppressed a giggle when she saw my attire.

"Not the time," I growled, stepping into the shadows of the tall trees outside the building. "Have you found my client?"

She shook her head. "You still haven't heard from him?"

"No."

"Listen, Spinoza, no one likes a little adventure more than I do, believe me. But are you sure you want to free her? I mean, you could be unleashing hell's fury."

I took a deep breath. "Like I said, you haven't seen her. Those eyes-"

"Yeah, yeah, those eyes." She did a fairly good job imitating me. "Have you ever wondered if those eyes put some kind of a spell on you? And maybe on your client, too?"

I turned Veronica to face me. Drew her chin up so she met my own eyes. "Do I look like I'm under a spell?"

She looked deeply for a moment, then smiled. "A curse, maybe."

I grunted, then nodded toward the loading docks. "Tell me what you know."

Veronica nodded in the workers' direction. "These boys won't give you any trouble. But I've been listening, and they've got at least eight guards down there now. From the coven. I can get us in there, no problem."

I thought about that. "I just don't want you to get hurt."

"We should be worrying about you more than me."

"But you're just a kid."

"Only in theory," she said. "Only in theory."

I stepped a little deeper into the shadow of the trees. With my back to the squires, I opened my coat to show her my guns. Her eyes widened and her jaw dropped. I could tell she wanted to touch the semi-automatics, but dared not. Kid or not, she was still all vampire.

"Remind me not to get on your bad side, ever," she commented as I pulled my coat back over them.

"Never, Sugar," I said. But she still took a couple more steps back.

She composed herself quickly though, nodding as if to herself.

She shook off whatever it was she was thinking, and shivered.

I said, "When we get down there, we'll come at them from two directions."

I pulled out one of the knives and a pair of black leather gloves and handed them to her. "These gloves aren't for my guns," I said, "but they might come in handy for you."

She donned them quickly and held the knife, getting a feel for it in her hand. She seemed okay. She nodded again, this time in thanks.

It was almost time. I could see them getting ready to lock up for the night. Veronica took a deep breath, and we confidently, side by side, walked toward the back entrance.

It was go-time.

Chapter Thirteen

There were two of them, guarding the rear entrance near the loading docks.

"Hey Jake," Veronica casually flirted.

The bigger of the two guys smiled at her. Jake, I assumed. But then he glanced at me and asked, "Who's your friend?"

I could sense her magic now, or whatever her kind called it. She pushed a thought into his mind and somehow gave me access to it. Yeah, maybe we were telepathically connected. Lord help me.

He's with me, came her words. It's all right. You never saw him.

She shifted her glance to the other and gave another slight push. For a second, they looked confused, but only for a second. Then Jake said, "Okay, beautiful."

Veronica winked at Jake as we entered.

"Very nice," I said. "And very weird."

"What can I say?" she said, elbowing me. "I do weird well."

We strode down the corridor, taking in every detail as we moved. We were approaching the elevators, where I knew the first guards would be waiting. My adrenaline was starting to pump.

Elevator or stairs? she asked me mentally, this time only freaking me out a little.

"Both," I said quietly. "Let me take the elevator. You take the stairs. When we get down there, you stay on my left."

I was right-handed, which meant cover would be better on the left. Veronica nodded as we rounded the corner to both the stairway and elevator like two wolves following a scent.

"All right," she said as one of the guards started to turn toward us. We quickened our pace. Things were going to happen very swiftly now, I knew. I sensed Veronica knew it as well. She looked hungry for a fight. Lord help me.

"Meet you in the basement. We advance together. Just don't get in front of me," I told her as I reached into my coat and pulled out my silver peashooters.

She eyed the big guns nervously, as well she should. "Wouldn't dream of it, babe. Now, can we go kick some ass?"

"That's the plan," I said, and stepped into the elevator.

Chapter Fourteen

The guard who turned toward us had time to register the fact that we were personae non gratae, but that was about it.

I whipped up my rifle like a pro and let out a spray of bullets that wiped out him and the other guard, too. When the bullets entered their bodies, it sent them both flying up against the wall-they howled loud enough to wake the dead before evaporating into thin air.

Okay, that did not just happen.

But it did-and I had no time to think about it. Fortunately, the elevator door was open. I stepped in as Veronica headed toward the stairs.

* * *

It was the longest ten seconds of my life.

I knew those death-screams had alerted whoever was below, and they could move a hell of a lot faster than this rickety old thing. I prayed that Veronica was safe for those ten seconds. The first time I've prayed in a long while.

I could hear commotion as the metal box lowered itself. A couple of vicious growls. Veronica doing battle.

Sweet Jesus...

The elevator was taking forever. I banged my gun against the walls, partly out of frustration and partly to create a distraction. Veronica was tough, but this was my fight. A lot could happen in a few seconds. Believe me.

I would have started shooting as soon as the doors finally opened, except for Veronica. She was smart enough to stay out of the way, but I had to make sure. I had the gun raised and my finger on the trigger.

Another guard evaporated before my eyes. Veronica was to my left, holding the knife that now dripped with blood. She was right in front of the chamber that held Natassa. Veronica was fighting Matrix-style with another vampire. She bared her teeth and kicked her enemy in the face hard enough to kill any mortal.

I stepped out of the elevator, pivoting first to the right and then the left, where three more of the coven rushed me. I sprayed them with staccato shots, but took only one down. Another was almost on me. I still had surprise on my side-they hadn't quite realized about the silver. I shoved my rifle into his chest and fired. As he screamed not unlike the ones above had, the third vampire kicked the rifle out of my hands and went for my throat.

I'd been in enough fights to act on instinct. While I ducked, my left hand gripped my knife. He went for my throat but I ducked around and kicked him. The vampire disappeared for an instant, then swooped down on me from above. He knocked me over, but when he jumped on me I plunged the silver blade into his heart.

I was sweating now, but there wasn't a second to lose. I shoved the bloody knife into my belt and drew out my other gun. Veronica was suddenly beside me, her opponent gone to the coffins in the sky, or wherever they went.

The quiet was deafening. We were back to back, scanning. But we were alone. "Seven down, three to go. Right?" I whispered.

I sensed her uncertainty. "No," she whispered. "Four...or five."

We spread about a foot apart, me moving toward the chamber as she checked the stairwell. Clear. She joined my side again.

"They're in there," she whispered. "Wait!"

I didn't want to wait, but I was good at it. Veronica closed her eyes for a moment. When she opened them, she said, "One of them is not an enemy."

We moved like cats now, silently. "One of them is her," I said.

"No. Besides her. There are six of them in there, one is her and...one is..." she didn't get a chance to answer. We both heard the cry of pain within the chamber walls. My client was in there too. From above, we could hear the black stallion kicking up a storm.

Okay, I thought as we now faced the door. My adrenaline coursed through my veins. I was ready for anything. Itching to finish what I'd begun. Easy does it, I thought to myself. Got to be careful who we kill. It's not a large room.

Right, she thought, the word appearing in my mind. I didn't have time to be irritated at her telepathy. Kind of came in handy. Saved time.

We both took a deep breath as I stepped to the side. I motioned for Veronica to get behind me as I blew off the lock from an angle, so as not to injure anyone. Just yet.

The door burst open. I thought I was prepared for anything, but I was wrong. And like I said, it all happened so fast.

The four vampires facing us were expected. I didn't expect to see Natassa hanging in silver chains that were bolted to the ceiling, with my client, I knew, in similar chains just to her left. They both looked incredibly weak, especially him. His hands were raised above his head, bound in silver barbed wire. Blood trickled down from his arms and his head hung to one side. His eyes were almost lifeless. Almost.

Natassa was bound tightly, but her eyes still shone from behind the mask. She looked at me pleadingly. "Don't hurt him!" she cried.

Veronica and I acted as one now. Probably because she could read my thoughts. In an instant, she flipped into the air and landed behind the two on the left. She picked up my client by his feet, raising him to the ceiling. I let out another smattering of bullets, taking down the two who had been in between him and me. She dropped him like a hot potato and he screamed in agony, but Veronica flew onto the third vampire's back as I took on the fourth.

She fought like the devil. Or a cornered hellcat.

Still reading my mind, we maneuvered ourselves into the middle of the room, separating these last two guards. My foe closed in on me but when his body connected with my firearm, he recoiled. I shot him almost point blank. AJ had been right; it was a bloody mess, but only for the few seconds it took for him to disappear.

I turned back to Veronica. She had just side-kicked the last remaining guard and he ricocheted up and across the room. He landed on me, knocking me face down to the floor, my deadly rifle under me. He could feel its presence, but he slammed my head to the floor and before I knew it I was in a stranglehold.

The guard looked up at Veronica's frozen stance. "Who do you want more, bitch?" His voice reverberated throughout the small room. "Him?" He tightened his grip and I started gagging. "Or them? You can't have both!"

The two chained prisoners watched helplessly. Veronica took a step toward me, and the grip tightened. But this vampire didn't know me very well. Or Veronica either, for that matter. Nobody told me what I could or couldn't have. Except God, perhaps. But I didn't have time to think about my son. This vampire had a hold on me, but if I could just move a little, either the silver knife or the gun would do it.

"I'll snap his neck!" the guard threatened.

"No, you won't." Veronica was vibing now, the room electrified. That's the only way I can describe it. She locked eyes with the one who held my life in his hands and she didn't waver.

"You would unleash her?" he hollered. "She is the devil!"

"You know," Veronica's tone was dead serious now, and she inched forward a little, eyes bearing down on the vampire, "I was a little hesitant at first. Just helping my buddy here. But look at what you've done. Look!" She gestured at the two prisoners but her gaze never left him. "She is no devil," Veronica spat. "It is you who do evil here. Anyone who does this," she jerked her head, "deserves the same. There is no torture more horrible than this! And you know it."

Veronica was concentrating hard now. Thought manipulation was more difficult with a vampire than a human, I suspected. But she was making progress. She held his gaze and his hold on me loosened a little. That was all I needed. I slammed my foot down behind me, drawing all my strength to turn over. I grasped the rifle to edge it between him and me. He hissed and raised himself up. I fumbled to get the gun pointed at him.

But I didn't need to. Quick as lightning, Veronica slung her knife across the room and into his chest. The four of us watched as he died and wisped away in surprise.

Chapter Fifteen

We were alive. Well, some of us were more alive than others.

I visually scaled Veronica's body quickly to make sure she was unharmed. Her wench costume was in tatters, and she was splattered with blood, but none of it was hers.

We faced the two in chains. I knew Veronica couldn't help me. In fact, she backed away, a look of sickness now on her face.

"I'm going to have to shoot those chains off," I said to Natassa.

"Release him first!"

I regarded my client curiously. He was young, at least he'd been young when he'd turned. But he also gave the impression of being an extremely wise vampire. I shook my head. Maybe I was finally going crazy.

"Now! Please!" Natassa begged as her eyes caught his with a passion I'd never before seen in my life.

I positioned myself between the two of them. Natassa moved as far away as her chains would allow. Veronica was crouched in the corner now, still looking nauseous, but her intense gaze never left me. I took aim and fired, and he dropped limply to the ground.

I tried not to cut him any more than I had to, removing the spiked wire off from his wrists. Veronica rose now, and as she approached him, I tossed away the silver.

I was both surprised and repulsed as Veronica offered this vampire her wrist and he bit into it. She was nourishing him. I tried not to look. I felt a combination of revulsion and a bit of erotica. The slight pain she felt mixed with his hunger. I forced my concentration toward freeing Natassa.

She had more chains and it took longer. The guy drank only enough to regain some strength and he and Veronica watched as I meticulously removed the silver barbed wire that was digging into Natassa's body. It must have been excruciatingly painful, but she didn't utter a sound as I worked. Finally, there was only the iron mask. Iron and silver.

The mask was locked at the base of her neck. My client, her lover, I assumed, came close enough to take her hand. She held on tight as I drew out my lock picks once again. It probably didn't take too long but it seemed an eternity.

Suddenly...click. The moment had come. I slipped off the lock and the silver welding snapped apart. I sat back for a moment. We were all on the floor. It should be Natassa who took off her mask. She looked at us for the last time, fearlessly, through the metal that covered her face.

She raised her hands to the back of her head and slowly removed the mask. I thought her hair would be tangled and she would look ghastly. But we all gasped as she showed her face for the first time in God only knew how long.

The mask fell to the floor with a clank. She looked down at it only for a moment, kicked it away, dismissing it. She didn't look at us, not even at the man holding her hand. Eyes closed, she ran her delicate fingers through deep auburn hair. Slowly, luxuriously, she let it fall gracefully about her shoulders. Then she put her hands to her face: her eyes, deep-set cheeks, nose, lips, and finally to the black scar across her right temple. Somehow, the dark mark enhanced her ageless beauty.

She opened her eyes to us and smiled a little. My client could contain himself no longer. He pulled her close, they embraced. He was crying now. It was she who comforted him.

"Guillaume, my love," she said softly.

I looked away. Waited for the private moment to pass. Natassa let go of Guillaume and faced us for the first time. She was incredibly beautiful, despite the nasty scar.

"Thank you," she said to me.

I waved a hand. "Piece of cake." Veronica smiled.

"I knew you could do it," Guillaume said.

I frowned at him. "You're my client."

"Yes."

I considered belting him a good one. He knew more than he'd let on when he hired me. He'd almost gotten me killed.

"I'm sorry," he said simply. "I needed help."

"Would have been a lot easier had I known what I was getting into."

"But you might not have taken the case."

I considered this. "Perhaps not."

"We will compensate you for the...difficulties," Natassa declared. I tried again to place her accent.

I sighed. It didn't really matter. I had done my job. "We might want to get out of here."

Natassa put her hand on mine. "Wait." She closed those striking eyes again, and I felt a ripple run through me at her touch.

"I have a gift for you."

What could she possibly give to me?

"Relief. Freedom. You'd like this?"

Another mind reader. "It depends."

Veronica nudged me. "Take the gift."

Chapter Sixteen

Natassa motioned for me to follow her.

She didn't turn back as we left the room. She carried herself like a queen, a force to be reckoned with. We ascended the stairs. As we approached the ground floor, she tensed. In a flash, she drew herself up, showing a fierceness I wouldn't have believed possible in one so beautiful. Her eyes darkened. In one motion she swept me behind her and, covering her hand with her sleeve, drew my knife out of my belt.

Not a second later, another vampire rounded the corner, baring his teeth. He came at Natassa full speed. She never wavered. She raised a hand and took a deep breath. She blew, and a gust of audible wind hit him, slowing his pace. The vampire's mouth opened in surprise as he was forced to a stop. Natassa quickly flew to him and drove the knife straight into his heart. I watched as yet another vampire met his death and vanished into the night, and the knife dropped to the floor.

She was still now, listening, probing the area. I was frozen in disbelief. I'd just witnessed a woman, a vampire, who should have been incredibly weak from being chained in silver, kill like the warrior she obviously was.

Her gaze fell upon me and her face softened as she lowered her guard. "You have no reason to fear me, Spinoza."

I nodded.

"This place is empty now. Come."

We made our way to the stables. As we neared him, the huge black horse recognized her. He reared up in joy and rushed to the front of his stall. Natassa glanced at the lock separating them and it clicked open. The gate opened and she strode in. She reached her arms around his massive neck. He nuzzled her ever so gently.

I didn't know what this was all about, but I hoped the gift wasn't the horse. I knew Veronica and Guillaume were outside preparing a trailer for him, but I didn't know his destination.

Natassa laughed now, a lilting musical tone that could easily mesmerize someone. Like me, maybe. I was glad I'd accomplished the task of freeing her, but I was still in awe and a bit wary.

She whispered something into the horse's ear. He whinnied. Then she faced me. "This beast is bonded to me," she said. "But not even I can choose to give him away."

The horse snorted in agreement.

"What has this got to do with me?"

"Nothing. I wanted to see him, that's all. We share a connection."

I waited. For my "gift." Natassa wasn't the least concerned that someone would find us, but I was more than a little anxious to get out of there. I'd retrieved my two rifles, and I wanted to leave. But I waited for Natassa. I had no idea what this was about or what was coming. If I had known, I might have prepared myself. Or at least tried.

She gently kissed the great beast above the nose, and then took my hand. "Come."

We made our way to an empty stall. She settled herself on the clean, hay-covered ground and gestured to me. I sat Indian-style across from her.

"Closer," she whispered. I complied. She took my hands into her own cold ones, and once more closed her eyes. Again, I felt a shiver run through my body. A single tear trickled down her cheek.

"You have endured much sorrow."

She was talking about my wife, my son. "Yes."

"Your boy haunts you."

I tensed. Tried to pull my hands away, but she tightened her grip. "Listen..." I began, but she interrupted me.

"Don't speak."

I didn't like this. It was none of her business. I'd done my job. She was free now.

"But you are not free," she countered. "I can help you, and your son, if you so choose."

The memory of my son burning to death came to me, now with an electrifying jolt that was more powerful than any of my nightmares. I saw him, heard his agonizing screams as I watched, helpless. I cried out, myself in pain now, but she didn't let go of my hands.

"Spinoza. Your son is here. What would you say to him?"

The temperature in the stall dropped. Natassa opened her eyes, urging me on. I really, really did not want do this. Whatever "this" was.

"Look!" she commanded. Just beside us, a human form started to materialize. I gasped at my nine-year-old son. He did look like a spirit, but he was actually sitting next to us.

My beautiful boy. No charred hands, no burning body. My son, my son.

"He is asking to speak with you. He cannot do so except through me."

I could barely find my voice. "My permission?"

"Yes. This may be your only chance. I ask you again. What would you say to him?"

"I would say...I'm sorry. So sorry." My son held my gaze. My sweet son, who used to laugh with me, ask questions, smile up at me as if I were the answer to the world's problems. My son, who trusted me with his life. A trust I betrayed.

He wasn't smiling now though. He was close to tears. I realized tears were pouring down my own cheeks.

I wasn't prepared for this. Not this, never this. My boy sitting beside me. After six years. He should be fifteen, but he was still nine.

"Speak now, or not at all." Natassa was in a trance now, her deep violet eyes focused inward. Still, she gripped my hands.

"I'm sorry. So terribly sorry," I croaked.

Natassa's hair rustled as though blown by unseen wind. "He does not want you to be sorry."

I could hardly get words out. I couldn't take my eyes off my son, who nodded slightly.

"But I killed you..." I said, or tried to say. Truth was, I was having a hard time forming words.

"Not so," Natassa's voice sounded far away now. Her voice had taken on a softer quality. A child-like quality.

I tried to speak, tried to refute her words-my son's words. Sweet, sweet Jesus.

"It is not always for us to decide who lives or dies. Such decisions are sometimes beyond our power."

"No. I did it," I said passionately, my voice coming to me in a burst. "I was drunk. Again. Oh my God, I was drunk and I killed you and I will never forgive myself for it. Never..."

Natassa locked eyes with me now. "For your son's sake, you must."

My boy was fading in and out. I hadn't seen him in six years. He looked earnestly into my eyes, pleading. What for, I didn't know.

"He loves you, Spinoza. He cannot leave this realm because he loves you so. He's been with you, always. Hurting as you hurt. Weeping as you weep."

"I-can't undo it. There's nothing I can do."

What came next nearly drove me over the edge to insanity. Natassa spoke, and now I was certain it was my son's voice. "But you have done something, Daddy. You save other kids."

I let out a strangled cry, and then found my voice again. "I-I don't understand."

"If I had lived, you wouldn't be saving other kids, Daddy. Don't you see?"

"See what? Please, I don't understand..."

And now Natassa blinked and looked at me, and her voice reached me, not my son's. "Your son gave up his life for others, Spinoza."

"I don't under-"

"His sacrifice prompted a new direction in your life."

"A direction driven by guilt," I said.

"Driven by the pursuit of justice, Spinoza. You were brought here to help others, to save others, to give hope...and to find the missing."

I digested this, or tried to.

Suddenly, a rush of memories flooded my thoughts. Visions of the missing children I had found. Reunited with their parents. The joy of love in the families I had helped over the years. I realized my son was sending these visions through Natassa. He had seen me every day. Why hadn't I known it? I wept harder.

"I would have been taken from you anyway, Daddy. But any other way wouldn't have made you into what you are now."

I still fought it. "But I'm a monster..."

"No. You're a savior. Don't you see? Can't you see it?"

"But I loved you so much, David."

"Then remember the love. Not just one day. Remember our life together."

Suddenly a rush of warmth streamed through Natassa's cold hands into mine. Throughout my body. Warmth I'd felt when David would hug me. When I kissed him goodnight. Bought him his first skateboard. Movies and ice cream. All the things I'd done to make my son happy. Because I loved him. Joy. For the first time in years, I felt true joy.

"I love you, too, Daddy. That's why I've stayed with you."

It hit me. He couldn't go to Heaven. Natassa nodded now.

"I have to know you're okay, Daddy."

"But I want to make it right..."

"All is well, Daddy. As it should be."

"How did you get so wise...my son?"

The image of my son smiled. "Watching you, Daddy."

That ripped a hole through my heart and I wept harder.

"I will always be near, Daddy. You know that."

I sensed him fading, leaving me, perhaps forever. "Don't leave me," I whispered. I heard the pleading in my voice. Yes, I was going insane. A beautiful insane.

"There is nothing else to do, Daddy, except..."

"What? I'll do anything."

"Keep helping the others. It's what you were meant to do."

My mind was reeling. Keep helping others. Other kids. My son forgave me. He loved me...I'm dreaming. A long, weird, twisted, beautiful, surreal dream.

David did smile now. He moved toward me and embraced me with his tiny arms and I could not hold back the tears. I sat there on my knees as my dead little boy hugged the father who had killed him.

And then something else happened, something even more miraculous. On a night of miracles...and nightmares...as I tried to hug him back, his little spirit entered me. My heart. A spirit that wasn't so little after all. I sensed his wisdom, his knowledge and his love. Now my heart filled with a joy greater than I had ever known. David was in my heart, cleansing away the pain, the sorrow, the guilt. I let it happen. Deep inside I knew this was it. I wouldn't see him again, but he was making a special place to dwell within me. Forever, I knew. I let it happen.

We stayed like this for a timeless moment. Just the two of us. There was nothing else but a father and a son's love.

Faintly in my mind, or my heart, I heard, "Oh Daddy! I knew you could do it. I love you..."

I watched as he moved back out of me, smiling. His innocent eyes shone now, all trace of sadness gone. He was leaving. My son was going to Heaven.

I still felt the incredible love within.

And then, I let him go.

Chapter Seventeen

It could have taken minutes. It could have taken hours. I didn't know. I still didn't care.

Natassa was smiling at me. For the first time in a long while, I smiled back. A real smile.

"Thank you," I said.

"You are most welcome. And thank you for saving me."

"It's what I do," I said, and remembered my son's words. "What I was meant to do."

She let go of my hands. I couldn't believe what had just happened. Did it happen? Was it real?

"It was real," she answered.

"He was in limbo, all this time," I said. "Six years, he stayed with me, tormented."

"No. Time doesn't exist in his realm. And he wasn't tormented. He just never gave up on you."

"He loves me."

"More than you know."

I fought back more tears. I relived the conversation with David in my mind. I turned from Natassa. I didn't want her to see me cry. Enough tears. Enough pain. My son forgave me, loved me, and was with me always. In my heart. I forced myself back to reality. Whatever that meant.

"You and Guillaume," I started.

"Yes?"

"Why didn't he try to free you earlier? And why did he choose me?"

"I can see you're curious."

"To say the least."

She stood, motioned me. As I rose, she said, "I will tell you then. But you're right, we must leave this place."

Chapter Eighteen

The four of us headed over to a nearby Denny's.

Natassa insisted on a window booth where she could keep an eye on the horse trailer parked just outside. Precious cargo, indeed.

I learned that Natassa was six hundred years old, but had met Guillaume fifteen years ago in Norway, where they had fallen in love. Still, she kept her secret from him for years, until he begged her to tell him the mysterious truth about her. He turned willingly, drank her blood and vowed to help her hunt those who hunted the innocent. Vampires included. They were quite a team, apparently. They traveled the world, searching, as Veronica did locally, for the dark ones who caused nothing but chaos.

Eventually they learned about this new coven and came to southern California. They'd only been here a short while, hunting together, when Natassa was caught by the new coven, a coven intent on building an empire. An underground dictatorship.

Here in Anaheim, she'd met her match. She was caught and held prisoner. The coven had spread lies about her, and turned her reputation into an evil legend of sorts. Guillaume hadn't yet cultivated the powers she possessed, and couldn't free her by himself. He stayed by her side at Medievaland, protecting her as best he could. He didn't know many of his own kind to aid him, but eventually he found out about me, the private eye who knew about vampires.

"What will you do now?" Veronica asked.

Natassa didn't hesitate. "Go on, as usual."

"Try to keep the peace?" I asked.

"Of course." Her gaze fell on Veronica. "I'm intrigued by your skills," she commented.

"Thank you."

"I'm always looking for competent partners."

"I'll think about it." But Veronica didn't look nearly as dismissive as she sounded. She was intrigued. They would make a helluva formidable team.

Natassa merely smiled, and nodded as if she already knew.

It was three in the morning. I was exhausted, both physically and emotionally. I wanted to reflect privately on the night's events. All of them. My son...

Once again, I was grateful for Veronica's telepathy. She said, "Well, we've got to go. This mortal needs his beauty sleep."

We rose to leave. I shook hands with Guillaume. It seemed fitting to kiss Natassa's hand. She reached up and kissed me on the cheek. "Blessings to you, good Spinoza."

Chapter Nineteen

I arrived at my humble abode about an hour before dawn.

There were three messages, all from Roxi. I wanted to be alone, but in all fairness I owed her a call. I did so and assured her I was fine. She was pretty good about giving me my space. I promised her I would tell all, but not until I had a little shut-eye.

I took my bowl of cereal out to the patio just in time for the sunrise. I don't care what anyone says, California sunrises are just as spectacular as our sunsets.

I played the events over in my mind like a film. Took in every detail. I had been pretty kick-ass, true. Hell, I may be old, but I'm still in the game. I wondered if I would ever need the silver semi-automatics now hidden on a shelf in my closet. I kind of hoped I would.

Once again, I relived every second with my son. The whole thing was just...surreal.

And beautiful.

I love you, Daddy. Words I never thought I'd hear again. So proud of you. I didn't even pretend the tears were from the bright sun shining through the palm trees.

* * *

Roxi and I leaned back in our beach chairs.

The day was cooling off, the gentle breeze bringing on what Californians consider a slight chill. Feet nestled comfortably in the still warm sand, we watched the sun set behind Santa Monica Pier's ginormous Ferris wheel. I took another whiff of salty air and watched seagulls scavenge the beach for tidbits of food left behind. Most of the crowd had left and we had the place to ourselves.

We'd spent the night at a motel within walking distance. It was well-earned time off. Last night had rekindled our intimacy. I'd never really treated her the way she should have been treated. Now it was time to make up for lost time. I glanced at my well-satisfied woman. The light wind danced with her hair. Her hand wandered to my thigh, and this time, I didn't recoil. So, she left it there. It felt good.

Roxi had already picked my brain about every detail of the case. I told her everything. Including my son. Roxi listened intently, knowing it couldn't be easy to discuss. She didn't question this, but apparently she wasn't satisfied about other specifics.

"So, this Natassa."

"Yes?"

"She's a vampire slayer? Like Veronica?"

"I suppose so."

"What does that mean, anyway?"

"It means we're not in Kansas anymore. Never have been."

She laughed. I smiled. "But," she persisted, "I mean why don't more people know about this kind of stuff?"

Why indeed? I supposed most ordinary people wanted to at least imagine they lived in Kansas. People liked myths and legends. But only for stories told around a campfire light. Where they thought they were safe.

"Watch the sunset," I simply said. She would figure it out, I was sure.

I reached into the nearby cooler and came out with a beer. I exchanged it for a Diet Coke and popped it open. I took a swig. Next to Roxi, it was the best thing I'd ever tasted.

The end...

