Prologue

Being a vampire was a lonely existence. Ethan Hale had walked the earth for the last five hundred years, surviving by stealth and by hiding his true nature, knowing that humans were not yet ready to accept and welcome the existence of vampires. The world had changed over the centuries. But not enough...

There were others of his kind, but vampires were solitary creatures, trusting no one, walking alone. While they might socialize occasionally, and his kind could call upon another of their brethren for help, they never stayed very long in the company of others. He had three brothers that he would give his own life for, however, in the end, they all dwelt alone.

The only hope of relief from his lonely existence was to find his soul-bonded mate. That life changing event had never occurred for Ethan and he had wandered for centuries without a soul.

Ethan and his three brothers fought the good fight, and popular vampire myths were often a topic of jokes among his brethren. Vampires were not "made," they were born. Living, breathing, flesh and blood with extraordinary powers and, yes, a need for blood to survive. The only thing that they lacked was a soul. Their soul-bonded mate held that tightly inside of her own, keeping it safe and protecting it until the day that it would be transferred to her vampire in a mating ceremony as ancient as the vampire species.

Vampires were not the monsters of lore, however, there were times when self-policing was necessary, which meant that Ethan, his three brothers and several others of his brethren had to unite to defeat a fallen that had given in to bloodlust. Killing aimlessly was against the code of the vampire. If one of his kind became too frenzied while feeding, and killed, the lust for a blood kill would become permanent, making them beyond redemption. They would become a fallen, and immediate extermination of fallen vampires was the only hope of survival for his kind. Human detection would mean the destruction of his entire species. Although the vampires might laugh at the incorrect lore and the misunderstanding of true vampires, humans would see them as evil abominations that needed to be hunted and extinguished.

Vampires did not kill indiscriminately. They took blood when they needed it and left the human donor with no memory of the incident.

And their one true mate? That was no myth, that was real, but finding one's mate could not be rushed, as Ethan and his brothers had discovered over the last several hundred years of waiting. All vampires were born male, their female counterpart a human with a genetic difference. The human female mate was born with her soul combined with that of her vampire mate, a genetic mutation that meant that she had to call her mate to her, before he lost his life force. Female mates did not live beyond their thirtieth year unless they became bonded with their vampire.

Ethan was among the oldest of his kind who had yet to find his mate. Had she already passed, failing to call him to her? Had he not heard her call? It had been so long for him that he had stopped waiting. A vampire lost his ability and desire to have sex after the age of one hundred and it had been over four hundred years for Ethan. He had stopped believing that she awaited him or that she was yet to be born. He had accepted it, but it didn't stop the yearning and loneliness that were now a part of his existence.

His brothers, who were also unmated, had similar thoughts - it was those thoughts had driven them all to work for The Vampire Coalition. They were all past the age for mating and had to accept that, for them, a mate was no longer a possibility. Perhaps he and his brothers would not have mates, but they could preserve their species for those that could. Mated vampires were happy, contented, living a life that was complete and filled with joy. Ethan and his brothers wanted their breed to continue its existence on this earth. It was what they lived for, their cause, a ray of light and hope for ones who lived in darkness. If they had nothing else to live for, they could remain in that ray of light by preserving the future for others of their kind. If they didn't have The Coalition and their goals, they knew it was possible to become the hunted instead of the hunter.

Chapter 1

Come to me. I need you.

Ethan Hale sat up in bed, his heart pumping, sweat dripping from his body so profusely that it saturated his bedding. He was panting as if he had just battled a dozen fallen.

I'm dying. My life force is draining away. Come to me.

The voice was weak and soft in his mind, a faint whisper with a female softness that sent a shiver down his spine. He recognized the voice of his mate from pure instinct, a certainty that had nothing to do with logic.

Another seeks me, but he is not you. Please come to me... before it is too late.

"Who seeks you? And why? Help me find you." He spoke aloud, although it was not necessary. He sought her in his mind, trying to reach her through the weak psychic connection. Something was...wrong. She sounded distant, depleted. It was still day...long before the sun would set and the connection was fragile.

Ethan tried to rise, but it wasn't possible. Nothing could pull him from his day sleep except his mate, but he couldn't function before twilight. He fought and struggled, frustration and anger driving him. He couldn't rise. Damn it! He couldn't rise! His body refused to cooperate and his mind was sluggish.

Nothing drove a vampire like the need of his mate. It was feral. Animalistic. Instinct. The need to protect his woman, to shelter her from all harm ripped through his useless body. Her pain and her need became his, and there was nothing worse than not being able to protect his mate. The instinct was there already and they had not even bonded.

I don't know who seeks and stalks me, but it is not you. I feel the evil. I'm growing weak. You must come to me.

Ethan's heart nearly exploded from his chest while he fought the seductive call of his day sleep. "Tell me how? Please." His voice was desperate now as he clenched the wet sheets, trying to feel her essence. It was so elusive, barely there, but he had to reach it.

Please find me...

Her voice floated away lightly, fading to... nothingness. The connection was completely severed.

Ethan felt himself being dragged back into his day sleep. He resisted, tearing at the sheets, pounding the bed. But the day sleep was relentless, pulling him into a dark abyss.

"Nooooo!!" His cry was an anguished howl as the darkness consumed him.

*****

Brianna Cole woke with a frightened cry. Her eyes popped open and she had an immediate awareness of her surroundings. I'm home. In my own bed. Her heart pounding and her breath shallow, she sat up and looked around her bedroom.

"Nothing here," she whispered to herself as she shivered and rubbed her arms to warm herself despite the warmth of her bedroom.

She was always cold these days. Since she had been suddenly struck down with a rare and mysterious form of leukemia six months ago, she was constantly chilled to the bone.

Brianna was just grateful to be in her own home. Although her family and friends had objected, she had obstinately stuck to her guns and remained in her own house where she felt at peace. She hadn't been able to return to her job as a social worker, and more often than not, she was in the hospital getting a transfusion or some other experimental treatment. When she wasn't being poked and examined like a lab specimen, she needed to be home. It was the only thing that kept her level and sane in a world that had been turned upside down by her illness.

Brianna knew she was dying. She didn't need a team of experts to tell her that she was slowly fading away. She could feel the weakness, the slow draining of her spirit.

But I connected with him today! I called him.

She shook her head as the notion popped into her head involuntarily. Connected? What in the hell did that mean? Yet somehow she knew it was significant, that calling him meant something.

Brianna sighed as she pulled herself out of bed and rose to her feet. Stretching lightly, she cursed her weak and aching body as she made her way into the kitchen, her hungry feline tangling around her feet. She picked up Mr. Wiggins, named after a wonderful old gentleman she had worked with who couldn't keep the cat, and stroked him, enjoying the soft feel of his fur against her cheek.

"I'm just not ready to die yet, Wiggs," she told him softly as she continued to rub her cheek against his fur. "I don't feel like I'm supposed to die."

It was denial. She hadn't yet made it to the acceptance stage of her impending death and maybe she never would. It seemed like she had been stuck in the denial stage since her mysterious illness had struck. If she didn't hurry up, she would probably never make it through the stages of anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. It seemed like she had been stuck in denial since the day her illness had been diagnosed.

She dropped Wiggs to the floor lightly and dug through her cupboard for the cat food. She filled the bowl and set it on the floor. Wiggs, who was plump to begin with, devoured the meal like he hadn't eaten in weeks.

She raised an eyebrow. "Greedy little devil." Wiggs eyed her briefly with a look she could have sworn was kitty disdain before returning to his gluttony.

Brianna sighed as she plopped onto a stool at the breakfast bar and watched Wiggs make a pig of himself. She was still tired, but filled with a restlessness that she knew would never let her sleep. Truthfully, she didn't want to sleep anymore. Tomorrow she would be back in the hospital for another transfusion and she wanted to enjoy her one day of freedom.

She needed to call her mother and let her know she was still among the living. Maybe that was a bad expression to use with Mom. Brianna decided she would just check in and leave out the black humor that didn't usually go over well with her concerned parent. She'd just let her mom know that she was doing fine. If she didn't, her mother would come running over to check on her.

Denial! Denial! Denial!

As Brianna headed for the shower, she decided she really didn't care if she lived out the rest of her short life in that particular stage. If she only had a limited time in this world, she would enjoy it in any stage she damn well pleased.

She stopped in the bedroom to gather a clean pair of jeans and a shirt, frowning as she caught a glance at her reflection in the mirror over the dresser.

It had been several months since they had tried their last effort at chemo, so her blonde hair covered her head in a short, spiky style, but her face looked haunted and old. Dark circles framed her green eyes like she hadn't slept in days, whereas the truth was that she slept most of the day. And night.

But nights haunted her. She felt a yearning for... something. And then there were the night terrors, a time where she felt something evil lurking in the shadows. It might be the fear of her impending demise, but she didn't think so. She was still in denial after all and it felt more like a dark presence and impending doom. Every night the unknown entity felt closer, more suffocating. Every night it kept her awake longer, making her shiver under several blankets.

Brianna slammed the drawer, angry with herself for giving in to the fear. She would fight the darkness. If she could fight leukemia, she could damn well shake off this feeling that threatened to consume her after darkness had fallen.

As she determinedly made her way to the bathroom for a nice hot shower, she decided that she would enjoy every moment she had left and leave the darkness behind.

She marched into the bathroom, dropping her clothes on the vanity and stripped, knowing she made that promise to herself every day and it always worked... until the sun went down.

*****

Ethan literally exploded out of his day sleep, angry and determined to find his mate. His eyes were wild and feral as he dressed himself and tried not to choke on the emotions flooding him.

Mine!

His mate was in danger. Ethan felt the tingle of awareness in every cell of his body and he was experiencing the need to protect, the need to kill anything or anyone that threatened his mate.

He just wished someone had warned him about the intensity of the mating emotions. His feelings had always been lukewarm...until now. Now... he was bursting with unbridled emotions, controlled by them, overwhelmed by them.

Sucking in an uneven breath, he tried to gain control of the raging feelings boiling inside of him.

Get a grip, vampire. Think. You can't save her if you can't function.

Shit...how was he supposed to function when his world had been turned upside down by one tiny, weak voice in his head?

He grabbed his cell phone and called his three brothers with a brief explanation.

They popped in, literally, moments later.

Nathan arrived first with his usual flare. There was nothing subtle about the oldest Hale brother. He was there in a flash of light so bright that it hurt Ethan's light-sensitive eyes.

Ethan glared at him, knowing his eldest brother was perfectly capable of showing up with a little less flare. Nathan was powerful and could control the flash, but when he was emotionally charged... he didn't bother.

Rory arrived without the flash, but was suddenly present with nothing more than a light popping noise that would never be heard by human ears. It was only evident to vampires because of their highly-developed hearing ability.

Liam...arrived like Liam. He faded in softly and without making a sound.

Rory and Liam were twins, and almost impossible to identify from just a glance. All of the brothers were similar in general appearance. Muscular. Tall. Dark hair and the signature brown vampire eyes. And at the moment, somewhat frightening in their unity and intensity.

"Has she answered?" Nathan demanded in his booming, low voice.

Ethan clenched his fists, feeling helpless and frustrated. "No. Nothing."

"She's probably not sleeping yet." Liam answered quietly, always the voice of reason in the terrifying quartet.

"I can't wait," Ethan decided as he paced the floor, his body tense, his emotions barely in check. "She's weak and in some sort of danger. I don't know exactly what. I have to find her."

"What can we do?" Rory queried gruffly, knowing his brother was in pain. Rory was generally the cheerful one, but he didn't appear quite certain how to deal with Ethan in his current condition. None of the brothers were used to seeing Ethan in any kind of emotional chaos.

"I need to know that she isn't in danger from a fallen. She talked about being sought by another. Something evil. Find out if there's anything going on with our brethren or another that might cause them to seek her out." He struggled to think rationally as he added, "Anything out of the ordinary."

"Done," Nathan answered. "I'll investigate the possibility of it being a fallen, while Liam and Rory check with the others." He motioned to his two brothers who nodded once in agreement. As the eldest of the four, Nathan was good at giving orders. It often caused conflict between the brothers, but not now, not when they needed to come together to help Ethan.

"I'll try to reach her, try to find her. I'll call you." And just like that, Ethan disappeared without a sound, leaving no evidence that he had ever been present.

The three brothers were silent for a moment, each beginning to absorb the significance of what was happening to Ethan.

Liam was the first speak, stating nervously, "He can't fail."

"Ethan won't fail," Nathan replied sternly.

"If he does...he won't survive." Rory voiced what the other two brothers could not and did not want to say.

"Then let's make sure that he doesn't fail," Nathan demanded and he flashed away, the others following seconds later.

Chapter 2

Ethan stood in the heart of the city, a place where most normal people feared to walk alone after darkness had fallen. He had fed well, knowing that he needed to be at full strength for whatever lies ahead.

Any creatures in the area, human or otherwise, fled as he stalked down an alley. It was as if they could feel his anger and frustration. He was dangerous. There might be some mad, bad creatures in this part of the city, of both the immortal and human variety, but nothing could compare to a vampire seeking his mate, especially when said mate was in danger.

Come to me.

Ethan stopped, his heart pumping, his adrenaline on overload. "Talk to me. Help me find you."

The connection was a little stronger this time.

He took a deep breath and opened his senses, trying to find her essence.

I don't know how.

"Just keep talking to me," he demanded as he moved steadily north, following her psychic trail.

I'm... afraid. I know I shouldn't be, but I am.

Ethan's heart ached as he heard the vulnerability, something he had a feeling this woman normally wouldn't admit to. "Of what?" He gentled his thoughts, trying to send her comfort.

Ethan knew he was drawing nearer and her spirit was stronger. He continued to travel faster than a human eye could detect, trying to zero in on her location.

There's something evil here. I know it sounds... gothic... but I can't explain it any other way. Even my cat, Mr. Wiggins, is huddling under the covers with me. His fur is standing up on end.

He was close, so very close. "Hold tight. I'll be there soon." Ethan changed direction slightly and asked with amused smile. "You have a cat named Mr. Wiggins?"

Don't laugh at my cat. I'll have you know he is named after a very distinguished man. Wiggs is a very dedicated companion.

"I'm not laughing." Actually, he was, but he wasn't about to tell her that. Her indignant reply amused and delighted him.

You're laughing. I can feel it. Who are you?

Ethan sobered as he felt her anxiety. "I'm here to help. I would never harm you."

I believe you. I'm not sure why... but I do. What's happening to me?

The connection was strong and Ethan floated down to the window of her house, finding it easily as the connection strengthened even more. He flashed himself into her bedroom and immediately felt the sense of evil that was stalking her. He braced to confront it but as soon as he'd flashed into the bedroom the presence seemed to flee, completely and totally, leaving only the essence of his mate.

"I'm here now. Everything will be all right. You're safe."

It's gone. Thank you. I'm so tired...

Her voice trailed off and the connection broke. She slept the sleep of the innocent.

Ethan moved soundlessly to the side of the bed, looking down to get his first glimpse of his mate. His heart ached, beating in a wild rhythm as he saw her light blonde hair peeking out from a mound of blankets. She was beautiful and more precious to him than anything he had ever coveted in his entire existence. She was the one who held his soul and his future sanity in her fragile hands.

She looked so...delicate. Ethan glimpsed the dark markings around her eyes, taking in her slight weight, and the worry lines around her mouth, present even in her sleep.

He reached forward to touch her temple lightly. It was rude to invade her thoughts, but he wanted to know what caused her angelic appearance to be marred with worry.

Whatever was worrying his mate would soon be gone. He'd make certain of it.

Pain seized his body and he grunted as his fingers found and sought a mind connection. She's sick. She's dying. He felt the pain of her treatments, the torture her body had been through. She had fought bravely... but she was losing the battle.

He watched as her other memories sprang forth, most of them happy. At least she had led a peaceful life until the mysterious illness had hit her. He removed his hand, reluctant to invade too much into her thoughts without her permission.

Dying. Dying? That was so not going to happen. Ethan knew exactly what she was dying from, and it wasn't the rare blood disease her doctors had diagnosed. She needed to bond with her mate. She was twenty-eight years old. Almost twenty-nine. Damn it! Why hadn't he heard her sooner?

Ethan's gaze caught a picture on her nightstand. His mate was in the photo along with her mother, and either a friend or a sister, someone he hadn't picked up in the memories he had seen. He smiled, noticing she looked vibrant and happy in the image, the three women hugging each other and smiling.

He stroked her hair and kissed her on the forehead. He could touch her while she was sleeping without consequence. But the moment they touched consciously...

Ethan flinched. How in the hell could he mate her when she was this fragile? The vampire mating and bonding process was rough. The mating was volatile and he would be engulfed with primitive instincts, completely wild. Once the vows were spoken and marks were joined, there was no turning back.

Damn it...he needed time, and time was something that this woman didn't have a lot of, judging by her frail appearance. The bond between mates was instinctual but he still wanted to get to know her. She would be frightened at discovering the truth of her existence, and she had to go into the bonding willingly.

Ethan left the bedroom and pulled out his cell phone. He called his brothers to see if they had dug up any information. Although vampires were psychic and could draw each other's attention through their minds, only mates could actually hold a conversation easily. With anyone else it was easier to just pick up a phone.

Nathan was the only one with any information. He had heard a rumor about some of the fallen who were stalking mates. They were picking the as yet unprotected mates who hadn't bonded.

Ethan slammed his phone back into his pocket. The bastards! They were preying on the weak. Mates who didn't know who they were yet! Mates who didn't know that they guarded the soul of a vampire!

Although drinking from another born vampire was poison to a fallen, taking blood from a mate who had not yet called her vampire to her was powerful. The blood of a vampire's mate was more potent than a normal human's and its power would absorb in the fallen's system, making them stronger. If a fallen got close enough to a vampire's mate, they could smell her, sense her. Ethan shuddered at how close the son of a bitch had been to his woman.

Just as he was about to head back to the bedroom to look in on his mate, he felt an uneasy twinge that made the hair at the back of his neck stand on end.

"Come on, you bastard, show yourself," he whispered, his voice full of malice. "I'll show you your own ass**le."

The fallen appeared in front of him and it was not a pretty sight. Fallen looked more demon than man with their glowing red eyes and hairless, sunken faces. Fallen could never get enough blood to regain their former appearance.

Ethan didn't know this fallen from its former life, but it didn't matter. He would have killed the bastard anyway. Occasionally, he felt a twinge of remorse and sorrow if he had known the former vampire before he had to slay a fallen. Right now, he wanted to tear this one's head off just for being in close proximity to his mate.

The fallen landed the first blow, raking razor-sharp claws over Ethan's face. But Ethan struck hard and fast, pulling a knife from a sheath at his waist as he struck the grotesque figure in the chest, sending it flying across the room.

He might not have time to conjure all of his fighting equipment... but he could improvise.

The figure bounced back, striking at Ethan's chest with its claws, but Ethan rotated away with barely a scratch.

The fallen tried to stalk Ethan, who wasn't in the mood to play. He was a vampire protecting his mate and he didn't feel like doing anything but destroying the threat. He struck hard and fast, landing blow after blow with his knife as he kicked and weakened his foe.

Ethan took a claw to his back as he spun around, trying to take the creature off balance.

Ethan didn't have a full set of claws, but he had a knife and fury on his side.

The battle raged on as the creature tired and Ethan got his chance. He pinned the fallen into the wall, slamming its left arm over his head as he plunged his knife deep, rupturing the heart of the evil bastard that was stalking his mate.

Rupturing the heart of a fallen was the only way to permanently vanquish it. While killing a vampire required beheading, bleeding dry, or prolonged exposure to the sun, it was necessary to annihilate the heart of a fallen to ensure its demise.

Ethan watched without a twinge of remorse as he muttered sarcastically, "Have a good afterlife, ass**le." He knew there was no real afterlife for the fallen. They wandered aimlessly, absolutely harmless and constantly tortured, for eternity, in another realm. He hoped the bastard enjoyed it, having no pity for any being that would have torn his woman to shreds.

The fallen dissolved until it was nothing but a pile of ash on the carpet.

Ethan heard a gasp and instinctively whirled to defend himself, still in fight mode. It took him only a few seconds to realize that the exclamation had come from his mate.

She stood at the bedroom door, complete horror evident on her face. He felt her fear and he didn't like it. She should never be afraid of him.

Okay... maybe she had a slight reason to be afraid. His eyes were still wild from battle, his clothing covered in blood...and the living room looked like a war zone.

He shrugged. It was pretty much a normal situation for him, but it was obviously making his mate hyperventilate.

Ethan quickly flipped his hand and the living room righted itself in seconds. With another sweep he changed his clothing and cleaned the blood from his body, new clothing appearing in moments. He couldn't immediately heal his scratches, but they would disappear soon enough.

Okay....everything good now? Ethan reached for his mate with his mind... but she didn't answer. She just continued to stare at him with an appalled look on her face.

Damn. Didn't work! Ethan thought she would feel better if he cleaned up, but it just seemed to freak her out more. Oh hell... he didn't know how to act around a woman anymore. Or a human who didn't know his nature! It had been four hundred years for Christ's sake! He guessed that perhaps he should hide a few of his abilities until she calmed down.

He started toward her, asking gruffly, "Are you all right?"

You just did your personal grooming in seconds with your magic. The woman is human. She's probably not exactly okay with that.

Ethan cursed himself as he tried to think of a way to approach her without scaring her. Magic was as normal as breathing in his world. It was difficult for him to remember that she was human and not used to anything that couldn't be explained by logic.

"Please don't be afraid. I'm here to help. The demon is gone. Remember me?" Ethan tried to activate her subconscious memory as his mind reached for hers.

Her mouth moved but no words came out. His eyes pinned hers and held them steady. "Remember me," he ordered softly.

Brianna shook herself, but her eyes were glued to his. He held her captive with his gaze, and she couldn't look away. "The evil is gone," she whispered in a trembling voice.

Ethan nodded. "Yes."

Brianna slid down the wall as though her legs wouldn't hold her. Her gaze didn't leave his as she asked in an agonized voice, "What's happening to me?"

Ethan released her eyes with a sigh. She remembered. Everything! And she obviously wasn't handling it all that well.

Chapter 3

Brianna buried her face in her hands, trying to make it all go away. Was she losing her mind along with her body?

Her whole being was shaken and she wasn't sure anything would ever be right again. The only thing that made sense is if everything she had seen in the last several minutes had all been a horrible nightmare.

Please be a bad dream. Let me wake up and find out this was just a nightmare. I'll open my eyes and I'll be in bed. The blood-covered guy will be gone.

She uncovered her face. Nope. No change. He's still here. She sighed, deciding that obviously he wasn't going anywhere and she needed to understand, whether she wanted to or not.

"Who are you? What are you?" She was stunned, but after the initial shock she realized she wasn't really afraid of this man. They had spoken to each other while asleep. This man was her savior. She remembered it now and knew he had protected her from the evil that had been lurking around her.

"I wish I had more time to prepare you, but you must realize that there is something happening that can't be explained by logic, and you have very little time." He paused and met her eyes. "I'm a vampire. The demon that was stalking you was a fallen, a vampire lost to evil."

Oh, God. Brianna groaned and covered her face, breaking away from his eyes. In some strange way... it made sense... and that terrified her. But she couldn't deny they had spoken in her dreams, not to mention the horrific scene that had just played out before her eyes. Oh, hell. I'm dying. What does it matter whether or not this is logical? "Good guy or bad guy?"

Ethan shrugged. "Better than him." Ethan gestured at the carpet where the fallen had dissolved.

She rolled her eyes. "Name?"

"Ethan. Ethan Hale."

"Ethan." She tested it on her tongue. His name was familiar. It was as though she knew him somehow. "I'm Brianna. Brianna Cole."

"Brianna." He breathed her name softly.

"I'm not afraid of you, Ethan. And after what just happened I sure as hell should be. Why is that?"

He answered her gently. "You know me. Subconsciously...you know me. Your life is ending so you're feeling with your senses right now instead of logic. You know that you're my mate."

She choked. "Mate? Me? I'm nobody's mate."

"You are, Brianna. You're my mate. My other half. Keeper of my soul," he answered her, his voice husky.

She looked for some sort of sign that this was a farce, but the guy was completely serious. "I don't even know you. Furthermore, I'm dying. That's a pretty lousy mate to have. I think you got screwed. I come with a pretty quick expiration date." She attempted to make light of his comments, but somewhere in her heart she actually did feel drawn to him.

"You aren't dying from a rare form of leukemia, Brianna. You're ill because you are not yet united with your mate. Your life force is fading," he explained patiently. He walked over and sat next to her on the floor, across from her so that he could see her eyes. "Somewhere on your body you wear my mark. My family mark is a dragon."

He held out his left arm. On his forearm was the perfect tattoo of a small dragon. It was fierce, multicolored and very detailed considering it was only about the size of a half dollar. "Oh shit." Brianna felt her heart flutter and her stomach drop. She had an identical marking on her right hip.

The mark had appeared when she had turned eighteen. One morning... it was just...there. She had never mentioned it to anyone. She rationalized it by saying she must have done it on her birthday. It was one of those rare occasions where she had partied with alcohol when she had been underage and had gotten roaring drunk.

"You have it?" It was a rhetorical question that Ethan already knew the answer to, but he asked her anyway.

"Yes." She could barely speak. This was all too strange. All too unbelievable.

"Don't be afraid, Brianna. We were created for each other. This isn't the way it is usually done. Generally I would meet you. Get to know you. Let you at least get used to me before I dropped this bomb on you. But you have little time. I think you sense that." His voice was urgent and worried.

"I do." She answered without hesitation. She did know it. She felt it. "I wish that we could have had more time together."

"We have forever. But it has to start soon." His voice was coaxing.

"Ethan... what part of "I'm dying" did you not understand?" She was getting frustrated.

"We can mate, Brianna. You won't die. You will be with me for eternity."

"I can't mate with you! I don't even know you." But something inside of her wanted to. Would it be such a sacrifice to mate with a man who made her insides quiver without even touching her? He was the most handsome, compelling man she had ever met and something inside of her yearned for him, was reaching for him.

Besides, her other alternative was dying. Soon!

Yep. Tough choice! I either believe his story and mate with the gorgeous man, or die an agonizing death. It was sort of a no-brainer.

Ethan reached toward her and took her hand in his gently, as though afraid she would shatter, and she felt a jolt of energy go through her body. Just the light touch of his hand was electrifying. "Then know me, Brianna. Open your mind and know me."

He placed her hand on his temple and her mind flooded with Ethan. Ethan as a young man! Ethan with his brothers! Ethan's thoughts. Ethan's battles! Ethan's emotions. She was utterly and completely consumed by Ethan.

Chapter 4

Ethan was in hell. One touch of her hand on his body brought his senses roaring to life.

His body burned, demanding immediate gratification. He ground his teeth and tried to ignore the burning desire to take her. She was his. He needed to possess her, own her. He wanted to consume her and to be buried in her scent, her body, her mind.

His c**k was hard and heavy. It had been a long time since he had felt that particular sensation, but never had he burned like this. He had been with women before he had succumbed to his involuntary impotence at the age of one hundred, but it had been normal desire and sex. This was more like a maniac's obsession.

She would feel it too, even in her fragile state. It was normal for mates. She wouldn't be dealing with the same frenzied desire as his, but her desire to mate would be there. Her desire to be satiated would be unrelenting...and it would drive him completely mad.

Once they were mated the intense desire and possessiveness would remain... but the frenzied craziness would subside. Once she was his. Once she belonged to him.

He let out an involuntary groan, trying to stifle it, let her have as much time as she needed to know him. She heard and pulled her hand back.

She said nothing, but her eyes spoke volumes. He could see her desire for him and he couldn't breathe, couldn't speak, his own need raging out of control.

Finally, she spoke hesitantly. "Can I make it through the mating...the bonding?" Though unsure, she didn't sound fearful and Ethan was touched by her courage. She was willing to try. This tiny woman had more courage than some of the members of The Coalition.

"We need to build up your strength. I won't lie to you, Brianna. It's... difficult. Once the vow is spoken and our marks are joined, every feral and carnal instinct I to dominate you will rule me. It's something I can't overcome." He pulled her close and cradled her against him.

"I want to try. I'm not ready to die. How do we build up my strength? I have to drink your blood, don't I? I saw it in your mind." She answered matter-of-factly, but he could tell that she was hesitant.

"We have to exchange blood, but I can make it easier for you."

"How?"

"Like this." He lowered his mouth to hers.

*****

The touch of his mouth on hers sent Brianna into a tailspin. Her senses whirled as his mouth took hers in a demanding assault. His tongue teased the seam of her lips and she opened to him willingly. His embrace possessed her, branding her whole body with fire. She lifted her arms around his neck and ran her hands through the rich texture of his silky hair.

His hands moved possessively over her body, leaving a trail of fire wherever he touched.

Ethan lifted her into his arms, never breaking contact with her mouth as he continued his relentless embrace. He carried her to the bed and lowered her gently to the sheets.

He took his mouth from hers and waved his hand. Instantly, her clothing disappeared. She was left lying naked and vulnerable as he stared down at her intensely.

"Ethan!" She squealed as she dove for the cover of the bed linens. "You can't do that!"

He quirked his brow and gave her a wicked grin. "I just did."

"I want my clothes back," she demanded with embarrassment as she cowered below the sheets.

He slid onto the bed beside her and lifted the sheets from her body. "And you will get them back... eventually." She saw his dark and passionate gaze before his mouth again lowered to hers.

She wanted to search for a covering. She was body conscious and she was too skinny right now, underweight from her illness, unattractive.

As his hand made its way to her breast, circling and teasing her nipple, she forgot about the covering. Oh God... his hands felt so good on her body.

"Don't think, Brianna. Just feel," he whispered in a graveled voice as his mouth left hers to lave her ear and the side of her neck.

How could she do anything else? His mouth continued to kiss and nip her face and neck while his hands teased her br**sts mercilessly. His fingers made circular patterns on her skin as they slid slowly over her stomach. They moved in a lazy pattern that was driving her insane. She felt like she was on fire. Was this his vampire magic or the magic of his touch alone?

She felt his meandering fingers go lower and started stroking between her thighs, over the light curls, and she lost her breath.

"Open for me, Brianna," he demanded in a soft, seductive voice.

She complied immediately, needing to feel his touch, wanting those wicked fingers. His strokes were persistent, teasing through the wet, slick dew.

She moaned, grinding her hips up to meet his fingers. She needed more.

As though he sensed her need, he slid his finger up to the place begging for his attention, making slow circles on the sensitive bud. The glide of his fingers brought her higher and higher, making her desperate.

"Ethan!" She cried his name as she squirmed beneath his ministrations.

His fingers slid slowly into her empty channel and her tight walls clenched around them tightly.

"You're so hot, wet and tight." She felt Ethan shudder as he began a slow rhythm that made her want more... more... it was too much... more. His breath was coming hard and fast, as though he were trying to get control.

His mouth devoured hers and he thrust his tongue in rhythm with his fingers.

His pace increased, his thumb sliding against her tender flesh while his fingers continued his in-and-out out submersion, perfectly matched to his relentless tongue devouring her mouth.

Brianna felt lost. She had surrendered control and all she could do was feel the demands of her body. She had to orgasm. Her whole being was centered on her burning flesh, begging for climax.

Her release hit her hard and fast, wracking her with deep, unending spasms. Her channel clenched and unclenched around Ethan's fingers and she heard him groan as he dragged his mouth from hers, his breath coming in pants.

He nuzzled her neck, stroking his tongue along the vein. She barely felt his fangs sink into her neck as wave after wave of pleasure took control. Her whole body ignited as he drank from her, filling her with erotic pleasure, heightening her orgasm to an almost painful intensity.

As he sipped from her neck, he guided her mouth to his shoulder, nicking his skin. Instinctively, she latched her mouth onto his hot flesh, feeling moisture under her tongue. She lapped, taking his blood into her body mindlessly as she continued to lose every sane thought in her brain. The taste of him was like an aphrodisiac, flooding her with more erotic sensations. He tasted like Ethan, and he was intoxicating.

She felt him release her neck and he ran a finger over the punctures lightly.

As she slowly came down from her erotic high, Ethan pulled her away from his shoulder wound and swiped his finger over the cut. It stopped bleeding, but the cut was still there.

She lay in his arms, satiated and breathless; realizing that at some point Ethan must have dissolved his shirt and slit his shoulder.

She had ingested his blood...and she had relished it. At that moment all she had wanted was to share every part of Ethan.

As she recovered her senses she realized that some of her aches and pains were gone. Had her body filled out a little? Brianna felt a strength pouring through her that she hadn't felt since her illness.

"I feel stronger, Ethan." As she pulled back to look at his face, her euphoria over her improved physical condition fled when she glimpsed his sweating, flushed face and wild, dark eyes. Alarmed and concerned, she whispered, "Ethan, talk to me. Are you okay?"

He was trembling and his eyes caressed her naked body with a hunger that was anything but normal.

Brianna pulled the covers over her nudity and grabbed his face with both hands, forcing him to meet her eyes. "Ethan, talk to me. Tell me that you're okay," she demanded, her voice filled with anxiety.

He stared into her eyes and drew a deep breath. He let it out shakily as he answered slowly, "I'm fine, Brianna."

"You are not fine." She kept her hands on his head, forcing him to meet her eyes. He lifted one of her hands from his face and kissed the palm.

"You're my mate, Brianna," he answered in a low, tortured voice. "It's difficult not to take you."

"Then take me, Ethan. Or let me help you." Her hand slipped down to his jeans, stroking his erect shaft over the cotton material. She could feel the immense size and hardness of him and she wanted him desperately. She wanted him inside her, stretching her, filling her.

"No!" Ethan gripped her wrist gently and moved her hand away. "Not now, Brianna. You're not strong enough. Vampires are extremely sexual creatures with their mates.

"Then why did you do that?"

He kissed her softly on the forehead. "To make it easier for you, love." He shot her a devious grin. "It was easier, wasn't it?"

"Oh, Ethan," she sighed, not knowing whether to be exasperated or amused. She carefully wrapped a sheet around her body and snuggled into his chest. His arms came around her protectively, sheltering her. She felt so... safe.

She absorbed the feeling, enjoying the moment... until her peace was disturbed in a rather startling manner.

Chapter 5

"Hello!" A cheerful, deep voice emanating from the end of her bed made Brianna jump. If Ethan hadn't had her held steady in his arms, she would have been five feet in the air.

Her eyes shot to the end of the bed. Three very large men stood there, all with varying expressions.

The one speaking was smiling.

One was brooding.

The other wore a dreamy expression.

The fact that they all looked suspiciously like the man lying beside her couldn't be a coincidence. She had seen these men in Ethan's memories. Rory, Liam and Nathan! His brothers! Although she couldn't tell which one was which, she assumed the cheerful one and the dreamy one were the twins. All of them looked alike, but those two were nearly identical in appearance.

"What are you two doing?" The cheerful one. "We're Ethan's brothers. I'm Rory. This is Nathan." He motioned to the brooding one. "And that's Liam." He waved a hand at the lost looking one.

Ethan didn't answer but she could see him getting red in the face and he was clenching his jaw. How did you smooth over the fact that they had popped into her bedroom uninvited? "Ethan and I... we were just... we... we were just talking and getting to know each other." Okay...she knew it sounded lame as she stuttered the words. For God's sake... they were in bed and she was completely naked. What the hell was she supposed to say?

"Oh, that's good. But I really hoped you were... oof!" Rory bent over as Liam slammed his elbow into his gut. Liam shot Rory a sharp glance as Nathan just smirked, a wicked expression on his face.

Brianna shot a nervous glance at Ethan. His jaw was clenching harder as he rumbled. "Get... the... hell... out!"

Brianna wrapped the sheet around her securely and slid off of the bed. "It's very nice to meet you. But this is not a very good time. Maybe you could just give us a few minutes to get dressed and we can chit chat." One tiny woman shooing three men twice her size toward the door was an amusing sight. Amazingly... they men went. "Help yourself to anything in the kitchen," she called as she slammed the bedroom door behind them.

Brianna planted her hands on her hips and raised a brow at Ethan. "I think we need to talk to your brothers about their manners."

"I'm going to kill them all!" He stood and clothed himself in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt with his magic. He dressed Brianna in similar attire.

Brianna wrapped her arms around his waist and rested her head on his shoulder. "You know you aren't going to kill them. They're your brothers."

She felt him shrug. "We try to kill each other all the time. But this time I'm really going to do it. They know better than to do something like that with a vampire who's just found his mate."

She could tell he was calming as she stroked his back. "Maybe we should just talk and get to know each other."

He sighed. "Okay... but then I get to kill them."

"No killing today, Ethan." She shuddered. "I've already seen you in action once today and that's enough." She pulled back to survey his face.

He looked recovered from his injuries, but disappointed that he couldn't kill his brothers and she bit back a smile.

"You're going to be sorry you told them to help themselves." The corners of his mouth turned up in a small, knowing smile.

"Why? I don't mind?"

"You will," he told her in an ominous voice as he took her by the hand and led her through the door to meet his brothers.

******

Ethan stretched as he awoke from his day sleep. He immediately sought his mate but she wasn't sleeping beside him.

It had taken Brianna five days of ingesting his vampire blood to regain her normal strength and to build up the added strength she would need for their mating. His was the blood of an elder and it was powerful, but Brianna had been severely weakened.

His brother Liam was a healer for their brethren and between his magic and Ethan's blood exchanges with Brianna, she had regained her strength. He hadn't touched her sexually since their first exchange. He had come so damn close to losing control that day that he didn't dare.

She said she felt incredibly strong, but Ethan knew it wouldn't last. His mate would start to decline again soon. The mating needed to happen as soon as possible.

Ethan knew he was losing control. His desire to possess his mate was overcoming logic and reason, making it harder and harder to contain his possessiveness, his jealousy.

He couldn't even stand to have his brothers around her. It nearly made him feral with jealousy and possessiveness. Brianna belonged to him and he hated any other male touching her...even his brothers.

Unfortunately, she actually liked his brothers and they, in turn, seemed to adore her. Ethan hated it. He might appreciate it later, but right now he wanted no one near his mate. His brothers knew it... and they taunted him constantly. They popped in often and lingered, eating Brianna out of house and home. She was charmed, and he was pissed. She just laughed and went to the grocery store after their visits. The bastard! They were enjoying his agony. He sincerely hoped they all found their mates. Payback would be hell.

Ethan leaned back against the headboard of the bed as he grumbled to himself, "I don't like dealing with unknowns."

He acknowledged to himself that the whole situation was an unknown. His friend and fellow Coalition member, Adare, had mated a few months ago. Adare was three hundred years old and that situation had been an unknown. Before Adare's mating, no mated vampire had ever crossed the age of one hundred and fifty before finding their mate. There were some who were never called and remained unmated, but the ones who were mated now had been summoned early, soon after they had lost their ability to have sex.

The intensity of Adare's possessiveness and desire had been beyond the normal mating instincts because of his advanced age.

And Ethan was two hundred years older than Adare.

"I'm so screwed." Ethan spoke aloud with quiet resignation. He was already caught up in a web of desire and possessiveness for his mate from which he couldn't escape.

Did he actually want to escape? Hell, no! He had waited hundreds of years for Brianna and she was a miracle. But he hated the unknown aspects of the situation. If he had a problem... he solved it. If it was evil... he killed it. His life had been fairly simple... until he had found his mate.

Now he was faced with a "situation unknown" and he didn't like it. The only thing he knew was that his mating instinct was nearly out of control. It grew worse with every day that passed. Every day he spent with Brianna brought another reason to like her... or a dozen reasons to love her.

I love her. I'm not just drawn to her as a mate. I love her.

"Oh hell... I'm totally screwed," he whispered fiercely, knowing his love added fuel to his fire... and he was already a raging inferno.

Had Brianna not been in her weakened state, he would have tried to seduce her. It probably would have taken the edge off of his need to mate, a need that was sitting on a hair-trigger at the moment, just waiting for a tiny nudge to make it explode.

Just as he had decided to roll out of bed, Brianna came breezing into the bedroom.

His heart accelerated and his muscles clenched. For Ethan, she brought light where there was darkness and he desperately needed to be inside her. He needed to consume her. He wanted her so damn badly that he heard a low growl erupt from his throat and he tried to swallow it.

He bit back a groan as his eyes roamed her body. She was wearing a pink night shirt that molded her curves and ended mid thigh. It wasn't meant to entice... but it did. Ethan could see her ni**les through the thin material and the shirt caressed her beautiful, perfectly formed br**sts.

His already stiff c**k twitched as he smelled her arousal. His eyes sought and locked with hers. He could see the heat and desire in her gaze as she eyed his naked chest. She was wanting. And he needed to satiate her.

Mine!

She slid into the bed beside him, never taking her eyes from his.

Ethan snapped, sanity deserting him. He needed to possess this woman and he couldn't wait any longer.

Chapter 6

Brianna no longer knew if the desire she scented was hers or Ethan's. She heard a low growl from his throat and she knew he needed her as much as she needed him. She had been like a female animal in heat since she had first touched him. As she had regained her normal strength, her desire had grown into a mass of raw need.

Brianna knew that her vampire was an alpha who needed to dominate sexually, especially before they mated, and she wanted to be dominated by him. She wanted him hard and fast and she didn't care if it was rough. She was beginning to think that getting it hot and hard was the only thing that would quench the fire.

Being sexually dominant was part of his vampire nature and she accepted it. Hell...she wanted it. She didn't want to tame him and she knew she couldn't change his dark desire even if she wanted to. And she definitely didn't want to. She wanted him wild, untamed, out of control. She wanted to submit to whatever he needed. They were so connected that she knew satisfying him would satiate her. And right now... right at this moment... he needed to dominate her to reassure himself that she belonged to him.

Brianna reached under the bed and brought out the soft restraints that she had bought a few days ago for just this occasion. She dangled them in her fingers in front of Ethan. "You might like these."

Ethan groaned, "Yes. I want to tie you down so that you can never get away. Mine."

"Then take me, Ethan. I want it, too," she whispered softly as she attached the restraints to her wrists, her voice heavy with passion.

"Need to f**k you. Take you. Make sure that you belong to me," He tore her nightshirt straight down the middle, baring her br**sts to his hot, hungry gaze. He pulled it roughly off of her body. He didn't have the control to use magic. He was being ruled by mating instincts and he grabbed the end of the restraints and attached them to the headboard.

His words had ramped up her desire, her need to have him take her. She pulled at the restraints, feeling the resistance. She would be his to possess in any way he wanted to, needed to.

Brianna gasped as his mouth took hers, devouring it. It was a kiss born of desperation and scorching hot raw need. His mouth clamped down on hers, his tongue sweeping into her mouth, searching for hers.

Brianna opened her mouth, welcoming him. Their tongues mated, entwined, and dueled against each other. His hands reached for her br**sts, running over them possessively, roughly. His fingers pinched her ni**les, sending a shock through her system and saturating her panties.

He ripped his mouth from hers and began tonguing her br**sts. His mouth both bit and soothed, arousing her almost to climax. His tongue licked every inch of her br**sts as though he didn't want any part of her skin untouched, no area unclaimed.

His hands moved down the curves of her body until they reached her hips. He reached out and ripped her panties down the front, throwing them to the floor. His fingers invaded her moist heat aggressively, and she moaned at his invasion, loving the feel of his strong fingers running over her clit.

"You're so wet. For me. Mine. Tell me it's for me," he demanded in a graveled voice.

Brianna gazed at him, adoring his fierce look of passion and desire. He was a ferocious, breathtaking man in spite of all of his darkness and intensity. Or maybe because of it. Her vampire. Her eternal mate.

"Yes, Ethan. Only for you," she whispered, soothing her savage beast.

Brianna whimpered as he buried his head between her thighs. He was conquering and he proceeded in a "take no prisoners" attack. His tongue invaded her wet folds in one long slide, destroying her control. She bit back a moan as his tongue spiraled around her clit. The bud was swollen and needy, begging for his caress.

She arched her back, reaching for his mouth with her hips. She needed his total possession, needed his tongue sending her over the edge.

Brianna was consumed in erotic pleasure, mindless of anything but Ethan. "Please, Ethan. Please," she pleaded as her hips rotated wildly, seeking the heat of his tongue.

When his fiery tongue landed on her begging nub, she moaned. He laved and nipped until she was wild and lost, helpless to do anything but let herself feel. He played her body like a master musician, knowing exactly how to touch. How hard... how fast... how long.

Brianna felt her climax approaching with a shudder. It started deep in her belly and scorched her to her toes. She came with a loud cry that burst from her lungs involuntarily. It was a screech that extended into a moan as Ethan lapped at her, extending the wild pleasure. He licked the cream that erupted from her in frenzied abandon, as if it were his favorite dessert.

As Ethan slid up her body sensually, Brianna gasped. Ethan's body felt like it was on fire. He covered her, his skin blazing and his eyes fierce. Those fiery eyes raked her as he buried his head in her neck with a groan. She thought he was going to bite her... but he didn't.

She could feel Ethan panting, his breath hot, hitting her neck sporadically as he gulped for air. "I love you," he choked out between his staccato breaths. "I love you so damn much I can't bear it."

Brianna froze, stunned by his revelation. Her heart was pounding so hard that she was breathless. He loved her. "Oh Ethan, I love you, too. With all of my heart" She melted as she felt him trembling against her. "Take me, Ethan." He needed and she wanted nothing more than to provide. "Please."

He trailed his lips from her neck to her mouth, kissing her with a ferocity that would be terrifying if she had any reason to fear him. But she wasn't afraid. She met his embrace, their passionate movements clashing against each other and merging, intensifying their desire.

His hot mouth left her defenseless, unable to think of anything except her need for him. As he broke for air she pleaded, "Fuck me, Ethan. I need you. I need you inside me."

She could feel his member, hot, heavy and hard, against her thigh. She squirmed, desperate for him to join them together.

Ethan took her mouth again while he slid his hand down to grasp his swollen cock. He brought the head between her legs, sliding his engorged flesh against her liquid heat.

He was large, but she was ready. There wasn't anything he had that she wasn't ready to accept. She removed her mouth from Ethan's, her breath leaving her body as he slid into her burning channel, his member gripped tightly by her inner walls. She felt herself stretch to accept him, lifting her hips to take him completely inside her. The feel of him was extraordinary. Her muscles clenched and relaxed on his cock, getting used to the feel of the large phallus. They moaned together as he became completely imbedded.

"You're so tight. Have to f**k you. Make you mine," Ethan rasped as he began to move.

"I'm yours, Ethan. All yours" She breathed the words, knowing it eased him.

Brianna's body seized as he began to stroke; long, hard thrusts that seemed to burn her to her core.

"Need you, Brianna." His voice broke as he knelt, pulling her legs up to his shoulders and grasping her hips hard.

"Yes, Ethan, Yes!" She knew she was screaming now... but she didn't care. His increasingly hard and fast pumping was making her crazy and she had to climax, taking Ethan along with her. They needed to find release before they incinerated together.

Finding that release was their driving force as they strained together, her hips moving to meet his pummeling cock. His strength was incredible, but he was a vampire and Brianna had ingested his blood. It made her strong enough to take his rough passion. Strong enough to wallow happily in it.

Ethan threw his head back, releasing a sound somewhere between a snarl and a grunt. Her leg was on his shoulder and he turned his head and buried his fangs into her thigh. He suckled hard against her skin as he pounded his c**k into her aching channel.

His erotic bite made her fly apart. Brianna's climax erupted with a power and intensity that rocked her body. She came in a wild wave that had her crashing in a turbulent sea of erotic bliss.

Her spasms grasped Ethan's c**k and caressed it with a forceful grip-and- release. Over and over. Again and again. She felt him release his teeth from her thigh to heave and plunge deep inside of her. He released a deep, reverberating sound as he came, his c**k exploding in rhythmic contractions. His hot release flooded deep inside her as he let out a tortured and relieved groan.

Brianna felt her hands being released as he pulled her tightly into his waiting embrace. They panted together, trying to recover their senses.

He urged her mouth toward his chest where he had opened a vein for her to drink. She took the nourishment along with Ethan's essence, ignoring the sexual rush. She couldn't take any more of that right at the moment. She fed, just enjoying the intimacy. When she had finished, he reached up a hand and stopped the bleeding with a swipe of his finger.

She wasn't sure how long they laid like that, lost in post-climactic bliss.

She lifted her head off of Ethan's shoulder to look at him. God... he was an incredible man. His looks took her breath away. He was physically perfect, but she knew that the thing that struck her right in the heart was the man himself. The way he looked at her made her heart sing. His smile made her heart sing and dance like a Broadway musical. He hadn't said a word but he was grinning at her.

Brianna pulled his head to hers, capturing the smile with her mouth just because she couldn't resist. Ethan was an unholy temptation, especially when he smiled.

Brianna sighed into the long, leisurely kiss. She hadn't seen Ethan smile much because of the mating instinct, but the man had a wicked sense of humor that popped up on occasion. She could only imagine what he would be like after the mating. He would settle down and lose some of the insanity once his soul had been transferred to him and found its resting place.

Okay... half of her soul and half of his that would become his permanent soul. The vampire mating thing brought a whole new meaning to the term "soulmate."

Her mouth left Ethan's reluctantly and she rested her head on his shoulder. She longed to give Ethan his soul and end his torment. She didn't fear the mating ceremony. If it would bring Ethan peace, she embraced it.

Soon. I'll make sure it happens soon.

Her eyes fluttered closed. She let herself fall into sleep, knowing she would always be safe in Ethan's arms.

Chapter 7

The following day, Ethan found himself in the male preparation room for the mating ceremony, which would take place that night.

The vampire headquarters was a centuries-old castle in Europe. It was beautifully restored, opulent and luxurious, with all of the modern conveniences. Vampires might get old, but they loved every fancy new technology that came along. They probably appreciated advances all the more because they were so old. Ethan was old enough to remember what the sanitation and living conditions had been like in the sixteenth century. He shuddered. Maybe he'd rather not remember it and just be grateful that he was now living in the twenty first century.

He had transported himself and Brianna here to the headquarters in Europe from the U.S. soon after having dinner with her mom last night, arriving just before sunrise because of the time difference. He had fallen into his day sleep, and he hadn't seen his mate since then. The ritual for human mates was much more complicated than for the vampire male. She would be involved with the preparation until the ceremony began.

He was currently biding his time with his three brothers and Adare, whose wife, Kristin, having just gone through this experience a few months ago, had opted to be one of the three women who attended Brianna.

"Shit! Will this agony ever end?" Ethan whispered to himself as his need to see Brianna ripped through him. His need to possess her was getting excruciatingly painful and he couldn't stand to be without her even for a few hours.

Adare chuckled. "Soon, Ethan. Believe me... it gets better."

At the moment, Adare's blissful happiness was incredibly annoying. Ethan's insides were so torn up that he couldn't imagine being as relaxed and contented as Adare seemed to be. However, he did remember Adare's courtship and pain when he was suffering through the mating instincts. He wished he had been more sympathetic.

"And the possessiveness, the insanity... do they really go away?" Ethan asked him, agony showing in his eyes.

Adare shrugged. "It does. It won't be as painful afterwards. Separation will always hurt. The yearning never stops. The possessiveness and a driving need to protect will always remain. But the need to dominate does lighten up quite a bit." He gave Ethan an evil grin. "You'll even let her be on top and in control on occasion. And find it very enjoyable."

"What? It isn't enjoyable now?" Rory asked with curiosity.

Ethan rolled his eyes and exchanged a knowing look with Adare.

Adare laughed and commented, "He's clueless."

"Are you sure I won't hurt her?" Ethan's anxiety was getting the better of him. He was the oldest vampire ever to go through the mating ceremony and nothing was certain. Fuck! He hated the unknown, especially when it came to the well-being of his mate.

"I can guarantee she will be sore when she wakes, but you won't hurt her, Ethan. You're mates. You're connected. Kristin told me that my needs were also her needs. She felt some of what I felt. It will be okay." Adare tried to reassure Ethan, giving him a slap on the back.

Ethan wasn't completely reassured. "But I'm older. Damn it! I don't want to be uncontrolled. And I don't want this witnessed. I don't want anyone seeing my mate except me."

Adare sighed. "You won't care once that time comes. You will be out of your mind to possess her. You'll actually like having people watch you making her yours. It's hard to explain but it's like staking your claim. Warning everyone away"

Ethan sighed. The waiting was the worst. Time seemed to creep by, each minute seeming like hours. "I just want her to be mine."

Rory looked at Ethan with a perplexed expression. "She is yours. She's your mate."

Adare and Ethan exchanged another look. Rory truly was clueless. All of his brothers were. It had been way too long since they had experienced any physical desire, and none of them would understand until they mated. If they mated.

If there is any fairness in this world... they will find their mates. Then Ethan could torment them as they had tormented him. Although they weren't torturing him at the moment, they had made sure they added fuel to the fire whenever possible. He was pretty sure they realized if they started anything today it would be like pulling a tiger by the tail. He was edgy and even his brothers weren't willing to tangle with him at the moment.

"How was the dinner with her mom?" Adare asked, trying to distract Ethan.

Ethan rolled his eyes. "Brianna insisted on taking my brothers along. They ate like it was an Olympic competitive event. I'm not sure who won, but the table didn't have a scrap of food left."

"Hey... she liked us. She said she loved feeding men with healthy appetites," Nathan protested. "She was charmed. How could she not be?" Ego is never a problem with Nathan. His is as big as the solar system. But it was true that his brothers had been charming and Brianna's mother had nothing but nice things to say about his brothers.

Ethan turned to address Adare. "She's a very nice woman. She put up with the four of us."

Liam commented quietly. "Ethan's rich, charming and handsome. What's not to like?"

Ethan scowled. "Maybe, the fact that I'm a vampire and about to make her daughter my eternal mate. I'm not quite sure how she would feel about that little fact."

"I take it she wasn't invited to the witness ceremony." Nathan raised a brow, throwing Ethan a wicked grin.

Ethan showed him his middle finger. Nathan knew Brianna's mom didn't know. They were planning a human wedding ceremony and they would be married in the human tradition.

Ethan didn't mind having a wedding in addition to mating. He had gotten Brianna the finest engagement ring he could find that would still suit her tastes for something simple and classy. He was finding out that just about anything that branded her as his made him ecstatic.

"I already told Brianna that you would be more than happy to be my groomsmen for the wedding," Ethan informed his brother wickedly. "She has a maid of honor and two bridesmaids, so it works out perfectly."

Ethan grinned, flashing them an evil look, as all of his brothers' faces registered horror and dismay. None of them were laughing now.

"When is it? I think I already have plans," Nathan grumbled.

"Me too." Rory agreed.

"And me." Liam said softly.

"Oh, no. If you can't make it...you can explain to Brianna why you can't attend one of the most important days of her life. I'm not doing it." Ethan broke into a small smile as they all frowned. His brothers really did adore Brianna and somehow she could get away with getting them to do her bidding. It amused the hell out of him. Like it or not, he knew they would all be there.

There might be a few bumps along the road to integrating their families, but it wouldn't be that difficult. Brianna had a human life and family. He respected that. Although she would be a vampire's mate after the ceremony, she would never be completely vampire. She would need blood and she would have to avoid the sun, but she wouldn't have magic. Any aging would freeze and she would keep her increased strength, but she would be between two worlds. She would be more vampire than human, but she was raised as a human and he didn't expect her to leave that totally behind.

Ethan was startled when a firm rap on the door broke into his thoughts.

"It's time, Ethan," Adare informed him quietly.

His brothers all slapped him on the back. They were leaving. Brianna might adore them, but she really didn't want them to witness. She had come to care for them like family and she insisted she would rather have strangers at this particular mating ritual as she really didn't want her future brothers-in-law to see her naked.

Adare was leaving too. Now that he was mated, he could no longer watch the ceremonies like a eunuch. He and Kristin would leave as soon as Kristin had finished her duties as an attendant.

His brothers disappeared. Adare stood at his side, ready to escort him to the mating chamber. Adare would await his mate Kristin outside of the door where she would exit and they would depart together.

Ethan tried to get control of himself, but the closer he came to the mating chamber, the more his control seemed to slip away. He was ready to begin an ancient vampire ritual and the magic involved in the upcoming ceremony seemed to be building.

Adare opened the door and motioned him to enter, stopping and leaving Ethan to continue alone.

As Ethan entered the chamber, he felt a powerful surge of magic, but it wasn't coming from him. This was ancient magic, strong and powerful.

His clothing dissolved and he was suddenly dressed in only a scrap of leather to confine his cock, held in place with only a few strings. His member was already protesting by trying to burst the seams.

His skin gleamed from the ancient mating oils.

He could feel that magic swirling around him, heightening his arousal to an almost feral need. He could only imagine what would happen once their marks touched and the ancient words were said.

He gritted his teeth, trying not to lose complete control while he waited for his mate to arrive.

Chapter 8

Brianna approached the mating chamber with two women in front of her and Kristin at her side. Kristin was newly mated and Brianna appreciated the fact that she had just been through what Brianna was going through now. She had helped calm some of Brianna's nervousness.

Brianna wasn't afraid. Hell...she had been close to dying by the time that Ethan had entered her life. Now she was ready to live. She would live a glorious life with Ethan by her side.

She was dressed in the traditional, full, transparent, ankle-length gown and it trailed along behind her as she walked down the narrow hallway. She had chosen a scarlet red that matched her mood today. Her hair had grown quickly, restored to its normal shoulder length and she had left it down over her shoulders.

Brianna had been bathed in sensual, exotic oils. Her skin was still slick from the scented oil that had been applied after the bath.

The women all stopped at the mating chamber door and Kristin moved forward to pull the heavy ornate door open, moving to the side to let Brianna enter.

Brianna stopped, her eyes sweeping the room. Ethan stood on the platform in front of a huge, elevated bed. The bed was covered in black silk, a few black silk pillows scattered over the massive surface.

Brianna smiled. The chamber preparation was Ethan's choice. She guessed he was in a "dark" sort of mood today.

As Brianna entered the room she noticed that it was just as Kristin had described. A circular, small room with darkened windows all around the upper walls. They were for the observers. The witnesses. Everything was lit with candles that were placed on a ledge that circled the windows. She was guessing that the witnesses would get a hell of a good view.

She locked eyes with Ethan. His were almost completely black and intense. She longed to speak with him telepathically, but she didn't. She knew it only made things worse for him when he heard her voice and couldn't yet touch her.

Brianna could feel the electric vibrations in the room and her hair lifted like it was blowing in the wind.

It's ancient magic, Brianna. I've never heard of this happening before. It's probably because of my age. But it's not evil. Don't be afraid.

She started as she heard Ethan growling in her mind, surprised he could still use his magic to speak to her this way. She could feel his need and her body responded. Her body jerked as she was assaulted with his mating instincts. She wanted to lay on those black sheets and satiate this vampire any way he wanted it.

She nodded at Ethan, her eyes never leaving his, to let him know she understood.

"Strip her." Ethan ordered, his voice low and commanding.

Kristin came to her side, frowning as she saw that everything was moving. The gown swirled and Brianna's flowing hair fluttered as though the wind were carrying it.

Kristin hesitated, perplexed.

"It's okay, Kristin. Do it." Brianna whispered to her softly.

Kristin lifted her hands to the ties of Brianna's gown. "Do you agree to this mating with Ethan Hale?"

"I do." Brianna answered, her eyes burning into Ethan's.

Kristin released the gown and it shimmered to the floor. She picked it up and draped it over her arm.

"Leave us." Ethan choked out the demand.

Kristin left, Brianna's gown still fluttering over her arm. She closed the door and locked it behind her. The loud click of the lock on the door should have sounded ominous, but Brianna felt exhilarated. She was finally going to mate with Ethan.

"Come to me." Ethan instructed, his eyes leaving Brianna's to sweep over her body with hunger and desire.

Brianna eagerly responded, climbing the few steps to arrive in front of Ethan next to the elevated bed.

Ethan didn't touch her, but his eyes burned over her naked body as he started reciting the ritual words of the bonding in his native language. She didn't understand, but she loved the lyrical flow of the ancient language, the syllables rising and falling. As the last word trailed off Ethan's tongue, he lowered his forearm to her hip and sealed their markings. She could see his arm trembling right before he joined the marks and pressed them firmly together.

Brianna's body jerked. Ethan grasped her around the waist with his other arm as the flames shot through her body, incinerating her internally. It was incredibly painful...but erotic. She closed her eyes and leaned against Ethan for support, his burning body supporting hers.

She rested that way until Ethan's soul broke free from hers and separated, her own soul then tearing and fusing with half of Ethan's. Their joined marks continued to burn as Ethan's new, completed soul entered him through the conjoined marks, a soul that was half of hers, half of his, but complete.

Brianna's newly-mated soul settled quickly, finding its old resting place. She was still hot, but the heat was now completely sexual. She needed her mate.

Ethan's soul did not settle so easily. He had never had a soul before and it wandered his body restlessly, looking for a resting place.

She watched his eyes turn red, glowing with an unholy light. Magic swirled around them both, burning like a blue flame.

Ethan's need and desire seized Brianna, clenching her gut as if she were experiencing the feelings herself.

I need to sate him. I need to take away his anguished need to possess. I need his possession as much as he needs to possess me. I need to help him settle his wandering soul.

"Free my cock, Brianna. Now!" The harsh baritone undid her.

Her needs were wild and she reached down and started ripping at the leather ties, needing the swollen, straining member free from its confinement. It spilled into her hands, hard and engorged. She wrapped her hands around him, stroking the hard, silky length.

Ethan grabbed her wrist, preventing her from touching him. He wrapped his arms around her with almost smothering tightness and claimed her mouth in a white hot embrace. It was a kiss of ownership, a branding. Rough and hard. She wrapped her arms around his neck, meeting his conquering tongue with her own. He swept every inch of her mouth and tongue with his, claiming her. Then he picked her up and dropped her in the middle of the silk-clad bed.

He was on her before she had a chance to take a breath. He tied her hands to the headboard with the dangling, ready restraints. He bound her legs, spread wide apart, with restraints on both sides of the bottom of the bed. They had some slack, but very little. She was completely helpless, open wide for his desires.

He circled the bed, his red, glowing eyes burning across her body.

"Mine. Mine. Mine." He was grunting, as though it was too difficult to speak, but she understood him. He seemed to find some satisfaction just by looking at her, knowing she was his to satisfy as he pleased.

"Yours, Ethan. All yours," she whispered softly, breathless with her own desires. She pulled at the restraints holding her in place, loving the feel of being restrained for his pleasures.

Her pu**y was drenched and she could feel droplets sliding down her thighs. She squirmed in her restraints, desperate for him to take her. "Please, Ethan. I need you."

He moved between her legs, roughly stuffing a pillow beneath her hips. "Have to make you come," he growled.

"Oh, God, yes. Make me, Ethan. I need it." She writhed against her bindings. Her body was on fire. She was consumed with heat, ready to combust.

He attacked between her legs, licking her juices from her thighs and thrusting his tongue into her vulnerable pu**y. She could hear the sound of his tongue lapping roughly, moving in the drenched opening. She screamed as his tongue laved her clit forcefully, moving fast and hard over the swollen bud.

His fingers slammed inside of her channel, his index and middle finger buried in the opening.

"Oh, Ethan. Yes. Yes. Yes." She was out of control, consumed with the need to climax.

"Come for me," he snarled into her pu**y, not pausing in his relentless attack on her clit, his fingers pumping wildly, hard and deep, into her hot, slippery channel.

As if responding to his command, her stomach hardened, seized with spasms that spread directly to her core. Had she not been restrained, she probably would have curled into the climax. Her whole body trembled as the force of it shook her body like a rag doll. She fell over the edge, flying apart in a massive explosion.

She jerked against her restraints as she rode out the waves that were hitting her relentlessly. Ethan didn't cease, but continued his attack as she writhed and burned. He was a man possessed and not nearly satisfied with her long, explosive orgasm.

He turned his body and suddenly his massive c**k was over her face. "Take it in your mouth."

Oh, yes. She opened as he lowered his massive member into her moist, eager mouth. Her lips sealed as best they could around the gigantic, swollen phallus. She could feel him groan into her mound as his hips started pumping, f**king her mouth.

He was riding her mouth hard, shoving his c**k into her throat. She could barely breathe, but she rejoiced in his tortured groans as she tried to swallow him.

He was working her like an insane man. His hands gripped her thighs and spread her as much as possible. He was still flicking over her clit in hot, wet licks as he invaded her opening with an extra finger, plunging into her with three large digits. She jerked as she felt the fullness and moaned around his c**k as he continued to f**k her mouth with furious strokes.

Ethan slid his other hand through her wet folds, drenching his fingers. He slid the moisture over her anus, wetting it with her own cream.

"Mine. Mine. Mine." She could make out his smothered exclamation.

His c**k was pounding into her mouth now, hitting the back of her throat. She was in a passion-induced trance and didn't care. She wanted him to release his passion into her. She tightened the grip of her mouth and brought her tongue hard against his sliding member.

She felt his wet finger slide into her virgin ass. It was tight and it hurt, but the erotic pleasure of it overcame the pain. He was f**king her from every angle. Every motion was in sync. The laving of his tongue, his three aggressive fingers in her channel and the fast and furious one pumping into her ass.

It was so much... too much... too fast... too much feeling. Her body was on erotic sensation overload.

She felt the magic swirl around them like a high force gale.

And then it struck. Her climax gripped her body like never before. She was moaning around Ethan's c**k as he pounded her mouth.

She felt him tense as he emptied his violent release into the back of her throat. It shot with such force that she never even tasted him. It spurted deep into her throat in forceful spasms, causing him to grunt and growl into her pulsating pu**y.

He sounded like a wild animal.

And she felt like a caged lioness.

Her fingernails curled into her palms, drawing blood, as her orgasm continued to rock her body. She thrashed against her restraints as Ethan continued to slam into her from all angles.

Too much... too much.

He pulled his c**k from her mouth and she screamed, crying his name over and over. She was completely undone.

No more... more... no more... how much could she take?

Just as she was sure she was going to lose her mind, Ethan swung around and covered her.

Their bodies slid together, both slick with sweat and oils. She locked her passion glazed eyes with his, which were still glowing red.

She was exhausted and spent, but her body still craved his possession.

"Mine." he gasped as he brought his mouth to hers. His hands slid over her br**sts as his tongue captured hers. Their essences flowed together as tongue met tongue. The fluids of their orgasms combined together to make a unique taste that was an aphrodisiac to them both.

Brianna's desire was instantly rekindled. Ethan's had never died. She felt his cock, hot and hard against her thigh.

His hands worked her br**sts with just the right amount of pain and pleasure, plucking and stroking her ni**les with erotic, passion-inducing strokes.

"I have to f**k you, Brianna. I need my c**k buried deep inside you," he panted in her ear, his breath hitting the side of her neck forcefully as he tore his mouth from hers.

The words spiked her need. "Yes, Ethan. Take me." She was nearly choking on her words, her need to have him inside her leaving her breathless.

"Everyone will see us joining. I have to take you hard so that they know you are mine." One hand left her breast to slide down and grasp his burgeoning member. He slid the head along her clit, making her moan from the friction on the hypersensitive bud. Her whole body felt erotically overwhelmed, her senses on overload.

Erotic images floated through her mind, brought on by the knowledge that many were watching Ethan claim her. She wanted them to see him take possession of her body. Watch him claim her.

"Yes, Ethan. Make me yours." Her breath was coming hard and she was mindless with wanting.

His placed the head of his c**k against her aching opening and thrust, completely burying himself inside of her. They groaned together, the fusion of their bodies blissful to them both.

Ethan didn't start slow. He f**ked her like a man undone, stroking fast and furiously.

Their bodies slid together, burning skin to burning skin, the oil and sweat making their movements an erotic slide. Ethan cupped her bu**ocks and brought her hips up to slap against his forceful moves.

She was helpless, completely lost in his possession. Her head thrashed, her hands curling in a death grip against her palms and the restraints.

"You're mine, Brianna. Mine. Always mine." Ethan was panting against her neck. She could feel his mindlessness, his driving desire to merge them completely.

His body slammed into hers roughly, his c**k buried completely with every hard stroke. Faster... stronger... faster. His hips were jerking hard, pulling her to meet him. They met with such a force that every coming together was a loud slap of skin against skin.

Ethan bent his head and buried it into her neck, sinking his fangs into her tender flesh. She felt a flash of pain before the erotic, sensual sensations swamped her.

Although she knew it was going to happen, the eruption of her fangs from her gums startled her. It brought a feral hunger for Ethan that had her burying her newly sprung fangs into his shoulder with an almost violent strike.

Ethan jolted, but she knew it wasn't from pain. He was overwhelmed with the same feelings she was experiencing, the drawing of each other's essence intoxicating to them both. It was carnal and wild and they continued to feed voraciously as they strained toward climax.

When they detached their fangs, they were completely lost. Ethan stopped her bleeding with a swipe of his finger. It took him a moment to remember to stop his own. She licked the drops that had escaped.

Brianna was dizzy, senseless. She knew her climax was coming, building in intensity, the clenching sensation in her gut warning her that it was going to hit her violently.

It battered her with spasms so deep that she tried to arch her back. She threw her head back and screamed as it buffeted her. "Ethan, Oh God. Ethan!"

Ethan did arch his back, strong and hard, as he buried himself deep and was held there by her constricting walls. Her spasms enfolded his cock, constricting and releasing, forcing him to orgasm.

"Mine." He growled and snarled as he released himself furiously into her hot depths.

She was drowning in pleasure, nearly paralyzed by the pulsating of her body. The pressure lightened, but her body was trembling, and she felt like she was floating.

She felt Ethan's body relax as he released her from her bonds. He gathered Brianna into his arms, wrapped himself around her.

His soul had settled and found its place.

They trembled together as they held each other tightly. Ethan scooped her into his lap, looking at her anxiously. He took her palms into his hands and swiped his fingers over the bleeding punctures that she had caused with her nails. When he was done, she wrapped her arms around his back.

"It's over." Ethan panted, sounding relieved.

"It was incredible," she mumbled, spent and exhausted.

Her vampire smiled and her heart melted. "You're mine forever."

She gave him a weak, exhausted smile. "You know... that should be terrifying... but it's not."

"My brave mate" He kissed the top of her head.

Her senses returning, she looked around the room. "The magic is gone." The swirling magic she had felt throughout the room had diminished, leaving only a contented peace.

Ethan gave her a wicked grin. "My love, the magic is just beginning."

She knew that he knew exactly what she had meant, but she smiled. She could never resist that naughty grin.

"I do believe you're right." She lowered her head and gave him a tender kiss.

Ethan arranged the pillows and they stretched out side by side, Ethan spooning her close to him, his face buried in her hair.

He covered them with a blanket, conjured with his own magic.

They both fell into an exhausted sleep, deeply content that they were finally mates, finding their real home in each other for eternity.

Epilogue

It was, of course, an evening wedding, and it was spectacular. Ethan made it a fairy tale affair that would fulfill every dream a woman could ever have about the perfect wedding.

The bride was radiant in ivory and lace. She walked down the aisle on scattered rosebuds in a huge cathedral that housed all of her friends and relatives and half of the vampire population.

The happiness of the bride and groom and their obvious love for each other made every guest sigh.

The bridesmaids were beautiful in gowns of pale blue, decorated with accents of pink.

The Hale brothers were there, much to their dismay, resplendent in their black tuxedos that matched the groom's. No one really noticed--much--that they tugged at the necks of the confining outfits once in a while or that they didn't look entirely comfortable.

They did, however, enjoy the reception. As humans and vampires mingled and laughed, the Hale brothers cleaned the food tables. Ethan had ordered plenty of food, knowing that his brothers would eat at least half of it. He had also ordered an extra cake. One for his brothers... one for the other guests.

To Brianna's delight, her maid of honor and best friend Callie caught the bouquet.

Rory caught her red garter, even though he wasn't even trying. It seemed to gravitate to him and somehow caught on the button of his jacket. He held it out like it was a poisonous snake.

Brianna and Ethan smiled at each other as they watched his reaction. Brianna gave Ethan a curious look as his smile turned wicked and devious.

Ethan continued to eye his brother and the red garter Rory held as he mumbled to himself in a sinful whisper, "Oh... I hope so, brother... I really hope so."

Brianna caught her new husband's devious thoughts and whacked him on the shoulder. "Ethan... you're terrible. I really want all of your brothers to find their mates."

He gave her an innocent expression as he answered, "Oh... me too, love. You have no idea how I look forward to it."

And he really did look forward to it in more ways than one. He loved his brothers even though they annoyed the hell out of him. He didn't want them miserable--much.

But payback really would be hell.

His wife gave him an exasperated look and he smiled, beaming at her. She couldn't help but smile back. Ethan smiled so often these days and it still made Brianna's heart skip a beat. It probably always would.

Even though the Hale brothers were mostly good... every one of them had just a little bit of the devil in them.

Brianna sighed. Her husband was probably more than just a little bit wicked.

Ethan scooped her into a warm embrace and as he lowered his lips to hers he told her softly, "Sometimes you like my wicked ways, wife."

As his lips met hers Brianna admitted to herself that she probably did.

In fact, she enjoyed them for her whole wedding night... and beyond.

~The End~

