Prologue

The old woman glanced at her watch. Quarter to eleven. It wouldn't be long now.

Across the dark alley, two young men sauntered over with the sly, exaggerated swagger of teenagers up to no good. She barely spared them a glance as she tapped her foot and hummed. Once, very long ago, she'd have sauntered over to them, swinging her hips and murmuring promises of pleasure-for a price. But that had been another lifetime ago.

The youths came nearer, greed and opportunism glittering in their eyes. The woman knew she looked like an easy target: a senior citizen standing in a dimly lit alley wearing an expensive trench coat, a gold watch, with a bulky purse dangling from her age-skinny arm. She may as well have added a sign that said "come and get me!"

"Whatcha doin' out here, grandma?" one of them singsonged. The other hung back a foot or two, eyes flickering around to see if anyone was watching. No one was. People minded their own business on this side of South Philly.

At a nod from his lookout, the other punk pulled out a switchblade.

"Give me your money, your jewelry, and your purse. Or I'll cut you."

The old woman smiled. "Do you know what you two are?" she asked in an amused voice.

They looked at each other in surprise, clearly not expecting her lack of fear. Then their scowls returned.

"Yeah, we're the guys robbing you!" the one with the knife snapped.

"No," said a voice from the other end of the alley, an English accent decorating his words. "You're dinner."

Before the two could blink, they were dangling by their throats from pale, rock-steady hands. One was yanked close to the black-clad figure. The stranger's eyes changed from brown to glowing green as he dipped his head to the exposed throat. The youth's partner in crime, still hoisted aloft, could only make terrified grunts as he watched fangs pierce his friend's neck.

Then the stranger dropped the now-limp form and latched his mouth onto the other available neck. A minute later the second youth dropped flaccidly to the street. The stranger wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and then pulled the old woman to him.

Instead of struggling, she hugged him as hard as her feeble body could manage. He squeezed back gently, smiling when he let her go.

"Greta, whatever were you thinking by telling me to meet you here? This is no place for you."

She laughed with a hint of her former bawdy cackle.

"I was thinking you'd be hungry, Bones. I knew I'd have something for you to eat by the time you got here."

He chuckled as well, brushing a strand of white hair from her face. "Same old Greta. Always finding ways to please her blokes."

She felt the warmth of many pleasant memories shimmer through her. Bones' beautiful face hadn't changed with time, and that was a comfort. Time was merciless on so many things, including herself, but it had no power over the blond vampire standing in front of her.

She glanced at the still forms near their feet. "Are they dead?" she asked, more curious than concerned.

Absently Bones kicked one of them. "No, just unconscious. I'll drop these sods in the nearest dumpster before we leave. Serves them right for threatening you."

Which brought her to why she'd called him here. "I need a favor," Greta said.

He took her hand. Once his skin would have felt noticeably cooler, but no longer. With the meal he just ate and my poor circulation, Greta thought wryly, we're almost the same temperature.

If he thought that as well, it didn't show on his face. Very softly, he kissed her fingers.

"Whatever you need, you know you have but to ask."

Tears pricked her eyes. A long time ago, she'd left the home Bones gave her to marry a man she'd fallen madly in love with. Fifty years later, she didn't regret her decision, but sometimes she wondered how things would have turned out if she'd stayed with Bones instead.

Greta shook off the memories. "It's my grandchildren," she began. "They're in trouble."

Twenty minutes later, Greta was finished detailing their predicament. Bones nodded, a thoughtful expression on his face.

"I can't handle this myself, luv, because I'm focusing all my energy on finding someone, but I'll send a bloke who'll take care of things. I trust him, so you'll all be in good hands. My word on it."

Greta smiled. "That's more than enough for me."

Chapter 1

Isabella peeked through the slats sectioning off the prep room from the rest of her restaurant's on-display kitchen. Yes, the dark-haired man was still at his table, and yes, he was still staring at her.

Fool, she thought as she jerked out of sight. Hadn't he heard? She was now engaged to Robert "Robbery" Bertini. Here comes the bride, she thought with a fresh spurt of anger. Why hadn't she just gone out with Robert the first time he asked? Or the tenth? It was only her repeated refusals that made her stand out from all the other women he had on his expensively clad arm. She'd seen Goodfellas, she should have known that saying no to a mob boss, even a relatively minor one like Robert, would only encourage him to go after her. Why had he decided to come to her restaurant every Thursday night, anyway? If he'd never set foot in here, none of this would have happened!

Actually, it could all be blamed on meatballs. Isa gave a nearby pan of seasoned meaty goodness an evil glare. Yep, it was their fault. Damned tasty little bastards had put her late parents' restaurant on the map. Who knew they'd also turn out to be a local mafia boss's favorite meal?

"Isa, table nine wants to see you!" her head chef Frank called out.

She grimaced. That was Tall, Dark and Dumb's table, the new customer with the staring problem. Under other circumstances, Isa wouldn't have minded his fixed attention. He certainly wasn't hard to look at-brown hair falling just above his shoulders, a lean build, and a half-smile that managed to be charming and a trifle devious at the same time.

But today was Thursday, so her fiance-for the time being only, she promised herself-was here with his usual quartet of goons. Isa had already noticed Robert giving a couple of pointed glares to the man for his obvious fixation on her. Soon Robert wouldn't settle for just dirty looks. He'd have the stranger taken out back and his knees broken, if he was in a good mood. Isa didn't want to think about what would happen to the man if Robert was testy tonight.

She made her way to table nine with a polite yet frosty smile on her face. At Spagarelli's, Isa was known for taking time to stop and talk to the patrons, remember the names of her regulars, and even have a drink with some of them. When she'd reopened this restaurant, she wanted to be hands-on with everything, including the customers. Now, of course, it made it impossible for her to refuse Tall, Dark and Dumb's request to speak with the owner. She hoped Robert had chosen now to go to the little boy's room, but he hadn't. Instead, he watched her approach the man's table with narrowed black eyes.

"Isa," he called out, displeasure clear in his gravelly voice.

"Just a moment," she said with false brightness. "I have to attend to a customer."

What she really wanted to tell Robert was to shut the hell up and leave. Permanently. But she couldn't say that, nor could she tell him the other thing that was constantly on the tip of her tongue-that she'd rather marry Al Capone's corpse than him. After all, Frazier was depending on her. Where he was or why she needed to pretend she was going ahead with this wedding, Isa didn't know, but the last time she'd spoken to her brother, Frazier said it was a matter of life and death.

So she played the future Mrs. Robert Bertini, which wasn't easy. Robert had visions of becoming the next Michael Corleone, and to accomplish that, he thought he needed the ideal Mafioso image of being married to a traditional Italian woman. The fact that Isa owned a perfect money-laundering front with her restaurant was just the icing on the cake, she was certain.

Well, Robert had a lot to learn. Anyone who knew her well would have known that trying to blackmail Isa into marriage was a bad idea. Pure-blooded Italian she might be, but a traditional, docile crime-lord wife she was not.

Frustration over the whole situation boiled just below the surface as Isa plonked down across from the man at table nine, making sure her back was to Robert.

"Can I help you?" she asked with far less tact than normal.

A slow smile lit his face, making him look even more wickedly enticing.

"Actually, darling, I'm here to help you."

Isa was not in the mood for banter. She could practically hear the steam coming out of Robert's ears. This man would be lucky to leave here alive. The longer she talked to him, the less chance he had of that. She couldn't afford to risk his life by playing polite restaurateur.

"The only way I'd need your help is if you were a restaurant critic or a health inspector. Now, unless you have something to say about the wine, since you haven't eaten a bite of food, I really must go-"

"Robbery's got you on a short leash, doesn't he?" the man interrupted. "Yessir, he's been glaring holes into my head for the past hour."

Isa's mouth dropped. So did her opinion of him. If he knew who Robert was, and he'd been eye-humping his fiancee right in front of him anyway, then he had to be the world's biggest fool.

"Are you drunk?" she asked low.

He laughed with a toss of his head. "Nothing like that, Isabella. My name's Chance, by the way. Pleased to meet you."

He held out his hand. Isa shook it briefly and then stood.

"Enjoy the rest of your wine, Mr. Chance."

"Just Chance," he corrected, giving her another appraising stare. "You know, with your black hair and cedar eyes, you look a lot like your grandmother when she was younger."

Isa froze... and then sat back down. "How do you know my grandmother?" Or that she looked like me when she was young?

Chance cast a glance over her shoulder. "We've got company coming, darling, but suffice it to say my sire's an old friend of your grandmother's, and I am here to help you."

Robert's most trusted cohort Paul appeared in the next moment. With his massive size and steamrolling personality, Isa mentally referred to him as Bowling Ball.

"Isa," he rumbled. "Boss wants to see you now."

She stood at once, her mind in a jumble. What had her grandmother done? She wasn't even supposed to know Frazier was in trouble. My God, the woman was seventy-five, she couldn't take the stress!

"Next time try the 1997 Cabernet," she said to Chance, tapping on his wine bottle. "In fact, there's a store on Twelfth Street

called Blue Ridge Vineyards that sells them. They close at seven on weekdays, so you should be able to pick up a bottle tomorrow."

He inclined his head with another smile. "I'll remember that."

Isa hoped Chance would get the message to meet her there tomorrow night. Whatever her grandmother was up to, it had to be called off. Robert wasn't some average stalking suitor who could be dealt with by filing a restraining order. He practically owned the police, and whatever Chance was-a private investigator her grandmother hired, maybe?-he wouldn't be able to handle the heat Robert would bring.

With an inward sigh, Isa went off to pacify her fiance.

* * *

Chance heard the men following him. Their heavy footfalls, combined with huffy breathing and accelerated heartbeats, made them as noisy as if they were clanging cymbals together. He inhaled, sorting through the bonanza of the evening's scents to filter what was theirs. The one called Paul had recently cleaned the gun in his jacket; the scent of oiled metal was palpable even above the odors of garlic, spaghetti and meatballs. The other one, Ritchie, was less fastidious with his firearms-and his personal hygiene. He smelled like he hadn't taken a bath for days.

Chance didn't quicken his pace from the same leisurely stroll he'd used while leaving the restaurant. Isabella had watched him go, surreptitiously, of course, but he'd caught her eye right as he went out the door. And then she'd blushed as he winked at her.

That blush was what he was thinking about now, far more than the two meatwagons following him to the parking lot. He'd been observing Isabella since he arrived in Philadelphia over three days ago. Familiarizing himself with her routine, marking the places she visited... and watching Robert "Robbery" Bertini as well.

Robert was much less interesting a subject, in Chance's opinion, and not just because Isabella was infinitely more attractive. Robert was a typical schoolhouse bully, and all his clothes, money, houses or influence wouldn't change that. His insistence on marrying a woman who didn't want him was just as spiteful as a child demanding a particular toy because some other child had it. As a vampire, Chance had seen Robert's type in one form or another for multiple decades, and his tolerance for his sort hadn't grown with time.

Normally vampires didn't interfere in human's affairs. Humans had their own laws and social structure, and to say they differed from vampire society was to put it mildly. Most vampires had enough to handle within their own group of allies and enemies without adding human trials and tribulations to that.

But in this case, Chance could intervene. Isabella's grandmother, Greta, had once been a member of his sire Bones' line. Time had passed, but Bones' sense of responsibility to her hadn't. Even though Chance was Master of his own line now and no longer under Bones' authority, his sire had asked him for a favor. So Chance could meddle to his heart's content with the wedding plans of the arrogant mobster. Someone who would blackmail a woman into marriage made Chance angry. Power was supposed to be used for the protection of those you cared about, not for selfishness. Apparently no one had taught that to Robert Bertini.

In fact, it was high time someone put the Bugsy wanna-be in his place. A smile tugged at Chance's mouth. Why not? he thought. It wasn't what his sire Bones told him to do, which was to simply alter Robert's mind until he no longer believed that he wanted to marry Isabella, but Chance would make sure it still all turned out the same. Well, with just a little well-deserved comeuppance added to it.

And that would mean more time in the lovely Isabella's company. Maybe enough to find out what else would make her blush. Chance already had a few ideas.

"Hey, buddy," the one named Paul growled behind him. "We wanna talk to you."

Chance turned, noting with amusement that they'd picked the darkest end of the parking lot for their confrontation. How unoriginal.

"If you're going to warn me to stay away from Spagarelli's beautiful proprietor or you'll hurt me in various exaggerated ways, save your breath," Chance replied calmly. "I'll be seeing her-and you idiots too, I suppose-there tomorrow night at nine sharp."

Paul's mouth dropped, making him look like a freshly caught blowfish.

"You know who you're talkin' to?" he finally demanded.

"Of course. Spaghetti alla nona, side of extra meatballs."

Ritchie cracked his knuckles as he stepped nearer. "You're in for a beating, dickhead."

"Really? Fuggetaboutit," Chance mocked with a heavy Italian accent.

Ritchie swung. Since he was human, to Chance it looked like he was moving in slow motion. He ducked neatly and at the same time, pivoted Ritchie a little to the right.

That roundhouse punch landed in Paul's face instead.

Paul rocked back even as Ritchie gasped. Chance didn't bother to suppress his laughter.

"Ouch. You owe your friend an apology," he chuckled.

Ritchie whirled around even as Paul began cursing about his nose being broken. From the sudden sweet smell in the air, Chance didn't have to glance his way to know he was correct.

With a snarl, Ritchie came at him again. This time, Chance didn't duck out of the way. He simply moved to the side and stuck out his foot.

Ritchie tripped and went flying, the momentum from his charge making him land with a heavy thud several feet away. More rich, mouth-watering scent filled the air. Ritchie had skinned his knee and his elbow on the asphalt badly enough that both were bleeding.

"Will we be dancing like this for long?" Chance asked.

Ritchie got to his feet slowly, giving Chance a furious look. Paul was still focused on his nose, more red staining the front of his shirt.

"You got fancy moves, pal?" Ritchie asked, drawing a gun from his inner jacket. "Try dodging this!"

He fired twice in quick succession, hitting Chance in the chest. The bullets weren't silver, though, so their pain only lasted a few moments. Long enough for him to drop to the ground like a regular person would, clutch his chest (to hide the rapidly healing wounds), gasp out a few breaths... and then let his breath rattle out in one last, dramatic exhalation.

Oscar-worthy, if he did say so himself.

"Jesus!" he heard Paul hiss above him. "Ritchie, what the f**k? There's people around here!"

Ritchie's heartbeat was galloping, from the thrill of his presumed kill, or the fear of getting caught. Either way, its sound made Chance's fangs ache with longing.

"Get his keys," Ritchie said roughly. "We'll put him in his trunk, you follow in your car behind me, and we'll bury this f**k before Letterman comes on. Hurry."

Chance felt them tug his car keys from his hand, lift him up with much muttered cursing about being quick to avoid potential bystanders, and then the thump of landing in his own trunk. Mentally he counted off the time. Less than two minutes from shots fired to body hidden, not bad. Clearly this wasn't their first time.

He was jostled more as Paul swung the vehicle out of the parking lot. Careful, Chance thought over the squeal of tires. You dent my new Camaro and I'll shove the steering wheel right up your ass.

Thoughts of Isabella brightened his mood. She had a beautiful face, a curvy body that bucked today's frightful stick-figure trends, and an ironclad streak of loyalty mixed with bravery. It wasn't every person who would sacrifice themselves to save their undeserving brother, after all. Frazier Spaga had gotten involved with Robert Bertini because of the lure of easy money. Now he was being used as collateral over his sister, and Isabella thought she had nothing but herself to ransom him back.

But you're wrong, Chance mused with a smile. You just don't know it yet.

Chapter 2

Isa walked into Blue Ridge Vineyards fifteen minutes early. She didn't want to run the risk of missing Chance if he showed up. What a strange name, she mused. Maybe it was an alias.

Again, she wondered what her grandmother was up to. Isa hadn't bothered to call her and ask, of course. No need to upset her by telling her she was pulling the plug on whatever it was the sweet old lady had put into motion. Chance had said his "sire," which Isa surmised was just a formal word for father, had been a friend of her grandmother's. Despite Isa's inventive lies, her grandmother must have figured out that Frazier was in trouble, which wasn't uncommon. He'd been very rebellious as a teenager and though he'd calmed down in his twenties, he was hardly a stellar citizen. Isa didn't know how Frazier managed to pay his rent every month, since he hadn't held a regular job in years.

Still, when you added her brother's abrupt disappearance with Isa's surprise engagement to a man like Robert, no wonder her grandmother was spooked.

"Hi, Isa," the store clerk greeted her. Since she bought a lot of her wine from this place, she'd been on a first-name basis with most of the employees for a while.

"How's it going, Jim?" she asked.

"Can't complain, who'd listen?" he replied with a friendly smile.

Who indeed? Isa mentally agreed. Certainly not the police. She'd gone to them right after Robert proposed, if that's what you could call him saying, "Good news, Isa. I've decided we're getting married," and cutting off her immediate, sputtering objections with, "Seen your brother Frazier around lately?" with a knowing gleam in his dark eyes. Robert had followed up with, "Yep, I know for a fact you'll see him after our wedding, but if we don't have one... well. That brother of yours. He's accident prone, isn't he?"

She'd relayed that to the first police officer she saw at the station the very next day, and Isa would never forget what he did. He looked around, shut his office door, and slid her complaint form back across the desk at her.

"You seem like a nice lady," he'd said without looking at her. "So I'm going to say congratulations on your engagement... and don't ever file this form to me or anyone else if you care about your brother. Or yourself."

That's when she knew all the whispers about Robert Bertini were true. He really did run the streets, and apparently had considerable clout with the police as well.

She might have tried again. Called the FBI, Homeland Security, someone, but later that day, she received a phone call at her restaurant.

"Isa," her brother said as soon as she answered. "Don't say my name, and listen very carefully. I need you to go along with this engagement. Robert thinks he has both of us cornered, but it'll all work out, I promise."

"You're all right?" she'd asked low, trying to look casual in front of her employees.

"Yes. I can't explain, but just hang in there and play along. I'll contact you again as soon as I can, but not on the phone. Robert will probably tap all your phones next."

The line went dead, but Isa said, "Wrong number, no problem," and then hung up like nothing unusual had happened.

It was only later that she'd wondered how Frazier could have said things like "play along" and "Robert thinks he has both of us cornered." As a hostage, Isa didn't think Frazier would have been granted private phone privileges, but it also didn't make sense that he'd say such things in front of one of his captors. Had Frazier somehow managed to get away?

"Hello, Isabella."

Isa had been so caught up in her thoughts, she hadn't even heard the store's door open. Yet there Chance was, standing behind her with a faint smile on his face. Under the harsh fluorescent lighting, his hair looked to be deep brown instead of the darker shade it had seemed last night, and his skin was surprisingly pale. The eyes she hadn't been able to guess a color on before turned out to be an intriguing mix of gray and blue. Like the ocean, she thought. Right before a storm.

She was staring. With a shake of her head, Isa brought herself back to the present.

"Jim, do you mind if I show my friend the new stock in the back?" she asked, flashing a smile at the clerk.

"Sure thing," he responded with a lazy wave. She bought in bulk and she always paid on time. Jim would pretty much let her do anything.

Isa walked toward the back, glad that Chance followed without argument. When they were away from any prying eyes, Isa started right in.

"Whatever my grandmother hired you for, I'm telling you the job's off. If she owes you any money for your time, I'll pay it. Just tell her you didn't find anything or that everything's okay. She doesn't need this kind of stress at her age."

Chance regarded her with open curiosity. "You think I'm someone she hired? You mean your grandmother hasn't told you anything about me?"

"No," Isa said, impatient. "But whoever you are, you don't want to be mixed up in this. Trust me, pal. It goes way over what any pay scale can cover."

He continued to stare at her like she was speaking a foreign language. Isa tapped her foot. Maybe Tall, Dark and Dumb had been an accurate way to describe him after all.

"Has your grandmother ever mentioned the name 'Bones' to you before?" Chance asked in a very careful voice.

"Who?"

Chance inhaled. From her scent-and the thoroughly blank look on her face-she was telling the truth. She had no idea he was a vampire. Odds were, if her grandmother hadn't told her about Bones, Isa had no idea that vampires even existed.

This would make things more complicated.

"The only name that matters here is Robert Bertini," Isa went on. "You already seem to know what he's involved in, so I shouldn't have to spell out how hazardous it would be to your health if you continue to mess around with him."

Chance laughed. "You'd be amazed at all the things my health can handle, darling. Your little Robbery doesn't scare me, and as I told you last night, I'm here to help you. It's not a matter of money, so you can keep your bank account as it is. It's a matter of honor."

"Honor?" Isa couldn't stifle her snort. She had enough to handle without anyone meddling in this. "Right. Do me a favor. Go away before you make things worse."

It would be so much easier if she knew what he was, Chance mused. Still, it wasn't his place to enlighten. Not yet, anyway. Maybe there was a reason for Greta's secrecy. Perhaps Isabella was one of those humans who couldn't handle the knowledge. She didn't strike Chance that way, but then again, this was only his second time talking to her.

Chance smiled. "Thanks for the wine recommendation," he said, and walked away.

Isa watched him go, gripped with the uneasy feeling that she hadn't seen the last of him.

* * *

At nine o'clock sharp, Isa's premonition was confirmed when a familiar dark-haired man slid into table twelve at her restaurant. She almost groaned out loud in frustration. Talk about not taking a hint!

Chance even had the nerve to wink at her as he took his seat. What was it with men lately? Didn't the phrase "No means no" translate to them anymore?

She didn't even wait for the waitress to approach his table before she marched over.

"Whatever you want, we're out of it," Isa announced crisply.

Chance pushed his menu aside with a lazy grin. "Doesn't matter. I'm only here for you, darling."

Isa clenched her fists. She may not be able to throw Robert out on his ass-yet-but that didn't mean every male around could ignore her wishes in favor of their own!

"Get out, and by the way-calling a woman 'darling' when you don't even know her is sexist and demeaning. Got that, sugar lips?"

She stressed the endearment as a taunt, but it didn't have that effect. A light appeared in Chance's eyes. If Isa didn't know better, she would swear they seemed to be turning green.

"Sugar lips... mmm. I confess I'd like to find out."

The way he was looking at her mouth made Isa want to wipe it, but not in disgust. To see if it had suddenly turned into dessert, since that was the only way she could justify the intensity of Chance's stare. For someone who said he wasn't here for food, Chance looked very, very hungry.

"You have to leave. Now."

Isa said it with none of the internal tremble that had taken up inside her. The last thing she needed was another complication in her life, and a stubborn, sexy-as-hell private eye would definitely complicate things.

Then again, so would Robert's two goons Ritchie and Paul, and they just swaggered in the door.

"Oh, hell, it's Smelly and Bowling Ball," Isa muttered.

Chance began to laugh. "Is that what you call them? How appropriate."

She gave him a fraught look. "Are you trying to get killed? Leave! Before they see you!"

But it was too late. Paul glanced their way... and stopped so abruptly, one of her waiters crashed right into him. Spaghetti alla nona decorated the front of him, but he didn't even seem to notice.

"You!" Paul exclaimed in a voice much higher than usual.

Chance inclined his head. "I see you're wearing your favorite meal. Now if you can only bash into someone carrying meatballs, your ensemble would be complete."

Isa's eyes closed. Good God, he was a dead man.

Ritchie, oddly enough, didn't fly into his usual hair-trigger temper.

"You can't be here," he almost squeaked. "We-"

"You what?" Chance interrupted. "Shot me? Put me in a trunk, drove me to an old warehouse, wrapped me in plastic, and buried me around the back?" Chance let his words sink in, and then he smiled, perfectly cordial. "How preposterous. If that's what you did, then I wouldn't be sitting here, would I?"

Everyone in the restaurant had stopped eating to watch this exchange. Isa was torn between the ingrained urge to keep her business running smoothly-and the new, unhinged desire she had to bash plates over Paul's, Ritchie's, and even Chance's head.

Her business sense won. Isa laughed like a joke had been told and then approached Paul and Ritchie with a fake, warm smile.

"Let's get you guys to your favorite table. Lauren, bring something to help clean Paul up. And Ritchie, you look like you could use a drink."

She politely dragged them across the room under her effusive hostess pretense. Both of them went like they were dazed while still staring at Chance. Isa didn't know what he'd meant by his bizarre little imagining of what Ritchie had been about to say, but damn it, this was her restaurant! Not some criminal macho showboating ring.

Paul stiffened. "Uh... we gotta go, Isa," he said. "Gotta check something out."

"You think Kevlar?" Ritchie whispered with a glance in Chance's direction.

"Must've been," Paul muttered.

Isa didn't care what they were babbling about as long as they didn't cause any more disruption.

"Don't worry about him, he's on his way out," she said low.

Paul looked at Chance and grunted. "Uh huh. We thought that last night, too."

What?

Ritchie grabbed Paul's arm. "Come on, let's roll. Boss needs to hear about this."

With a last look at Chance-and the mess on his Armani shirt-Paul left with Ritchie in tow. Chance gave them a cheery wave that made Isa want to smack him again. Thankfully, it was obvious Robert's two thugs had pressing business elsewhere.

Chance stood, stretched, and brushed his hand across Isa's cheek.

"Some things we need to talk about, but not here. I'll see you later, darling."

"No you won't, nut muffin!" she replied as low and fiercely as she could.

He laughed at that, giving her a lingering glance.

"Yes, I will."

Chapter 3

Robert came in right after closing. All the patrons were gone and it was just her, a few servers, and her head chef Frank tidying things up.

"Isa," he said, without acknowledging any of her staff. "Brought you your wedding dress."

Frank and the others left the main room, used to Robert's rudeness by now. Paul obediently approached Isa holding a garment bag. Isa stared at it for a moment before taking it. Even holding the dress in her hands filled her with panic. Frazier better call again soon, she found herself thinking, because I can't fake this much longer.

"Um... thanks." She couldn't manage to say anything more enthusiastic.

"It was my mother's, God rest her soul," Robert replied, crossing himself. "My sister made an appointment for you to get it fitted. She'll call you tomorrow with the date and time."

No consultation, no consideration for her schedule. Isa hadn't even participated in the decision of where or when her wedding was going to take place. Robert's sister had showed up at Isa's restaurant a week ago and told her what church to be at on what date. It was a good thing Isa had no intention of actually marrying Robert, or she would have been pissed about how someone else was planning her wedding.

"The boys tell me that dark-haired mook's been hangin' around you again," Robert went on. "They warned him to stay away last night, but they said he was back again tonight. I don't like that, Isa. It's disrespectful to me."

She had to tread carefully. Chance might be asking for trouble, but Isa didn't want to serve him up a big plate of it.

"He's just a customer, Robert. I wouldn't even remember him, except Paul and Ritchie made such a stink when they saw him earlier."

Robert gave her a hard stare, but Isa schooled her face to show only innocence. If Catholic nuns couldn't make her admit to cheating on a test in high school, then Robert had no chance of breaking her with his gaze.

Finally he shrugged. "Good. Then you won't mind if the boys keep this troublemaker from bothering you in the future."

"If I see him again, I'll tell him not to come back myself," Isa said with complete honesty.

Robert moved closer. It took all of Isa's willpower not to flinch when he touched her face.

"Still... maybe you should come home with me. This guy could be a real whack job. I don't want anything happening to you."

Isa hardly knew Chance, but already she surmised that out of the two of them, the true whack job was the man in front of her.

"That's okay, Robert. I'll be fine. If I see him again, I-I'll call you so you can deal with him."

A complete lie. She'd chase Chance away herself, true, but she'd never turn him over to Robert.

Robert trailed his fingers down her arm. "Maybe that's not the only reason I want you to stay with me," he said in a husky voice.

Oh, shit. Isa steeled herself to stay where she was, instead of running away screaming, "hell no!" like she wanted to.

"I told you before, Robert-I'm an old-fashioned Catholic girl. That's one of the things you like about me, remember? Well, in my family, we don't have sex until our wedding night."

Another bunch of bullshit. Isa hadn't been a virgin since nineteen, and while she hadn't racked up the notches on her bedpost, she'd had a few lovers in her time. None since she moved back to Philly three years ago, however, which is why Robert didn't know about them and believed her claims of chastity. And while she couldn't speak for her grandparents, Isa was pretty sure her parents hadn't abstained from premarital sex either.

But just in case Robert needed more convincing than her supposed desire to wait until their wedding night...

"Besides," Isa whispered, waving Robert closer. She unzipped her purse and held it open so the contents were visible. "It may not be a good time right now."

Robert peered inside at the multiple tubes and then picked one up curiously.

"Vagisil," he read the label, his mouth twisting down. "For treatment of acute feminine itching and discharge-argh!"

He threw the Vagisil across the room as if it had grown into a hairy cockroach. Isa bit her lip to contain her laughter from the horrified look on Robert's face.

Ritchie gasped before dropping his gaze below her waist.

"What kind of nastiness do you have down there?"

Robert stalked over and punched him straight in the face. "That's my future wife you're talkin' to!" he snapped, though he also gave a look of dread at Isa's lower half.

She spun around and zipped her purse back up as if indignant. It helped that none of them could see her expression, because her lips couldn't stop twitching.

"It's not nastiness, it's a yeast infection," she informed them in a prim tone. "They're very common. After another week of treatment, it'll be gone, or so my doctor tells me. You remember the doctor's appointment I had last week, right, Robert? Well, this is what it was for. My doctor even put me on antibiotics to help ensure that the bacteria doesn't spread and turn into a urinary tract infection as well."

Lie number three. Isa had gone to the doctor and gotten antibiotics, true, but that was for the sore throat she'd claimed to have. Then she'd bought every kind of over-the-counter yeast infection treatment available and stuffed it all in her purse, just waiting for the moment when Robert might try this.

"You..." Robert didn't seem to know what to say. Isa turned back to him, biting the inside of her cheeks hard to keep from grinning. Robert gave one more disgusted glance at Isa's purse before he continued.

"Get yourself fixed up, and call me if that mook comes back. I'll see you, uh, in a couple days."

Ritchie and Paul hurried after him. Only when Isa heard Robert's car pull away with a squeal of tires did she allow herself to break into a smile.

Her head chef Frank came out of the prep room. From his smile, he'd heard every word.

"You're one sadistic chick," he said admiringly.

Isa's grin widened. "Never underestimate the power of a woman." Then she patted her purse. "Or Vagisil."

* * *

Isa came out of her bathroom, toweling the wetness from her hair-and froze.

Chance was in her bedroom, one hand resting on her end table while the other stroked the fabric of the overstuffed chair he was sitting in.

"You don't lock your windows," he said chidingly.

Unbidden, her gaze went to the window and then back to him. She was on the fifth floor of a brownstone condo, and the fire escape had long been broken. How in the world...?

"Are you a freaky cat burglar or something? Well, sorry, because everything I've got is tied up in the restaurant."

He ceased stroking her chair with a half-smile. "I'm something, but it's not a cat burglar."

It occurred to Isa that the proper thing to do was call 911. Or scream for help. Or run into her bathroom and lock the door while doing all of the above. After all, this was a man she'd just met two days ago. He could be a mass murderer for all she knew. Maybe her grandmother had gotten him involved, but that didn't mean he was safe.

"So what are you?" she asked instead, tightening her robe around her. Good thing she hadn't just strolled out naked. That would have made this even more disconcerting than it already was.

Chance gave her a very serious look. "You're not ready to know what I am, so don't ask me that question when you don't really want a truthful answer to it."

Arrogant man. Where was her purse full of testosterone-repellent when she needed it?

"I could have you arrested for breaking and entering," she said, dropping the towel from her head.

Chance shrugged. "Go ahead, but then Robbery will hear I was in your house and he'll insist you stay with him. I don't think you want that, do you?"

Clever jerk. That's exactly what would happen, and no amount of Vagisil in the world would stop it. No, Isa didn't want that, and for some strange reason, she didn't think she was in any danger from Chance, so she wasn't going to call the police.

"All right. What do you want bad enough to break into my home for?"

"A chance to talk to you," he replied instantly. "It's so much nicer when-what did you call them?-Bowling Ball and Smelly aren't around to interrupt us."

A gorgeous, mysterious man broke into her bedroom because he wanted to talk? Isa rolled her eyes. Yep, that sounded like her luck.

"Well, Chance, it's two A.M. and I'm tired, so make it quick."

He stretched, rippling his muscles from shoulders to knees in one sinuating motion. Isa just stared. Wow. That was something she'd like to see again.

From the new tug at his mouth, he'd guessed her thoughts. Oh well. Isa was sure she wasn't the first woman to find that impressive.

"I'm going to stop this wedding and get your brother back unharmed," Chance said as mildly as if he were commenting on the weather. "But I'll need you to keep up your pretense of being Robert's fiancee in the meantime."

Yet another person to tell her that. Isa hadn't liked hearing it from her brother over two weeks ago, and it didn't sound any more enticing now.

"Of course you are. Then you're going to give me multiple orgasms and pay off my mortgage too. I saw this movie, pal. It was in the fantasy section."

The grin he flashed her was decadent. "Do I get to pick the order in which these things will occur? Because I do have a preference, Isabella."

There was that hint of green in his eyes again. It made her heart speed up, and when he gave her a slow up-and-down appraisal it made her feel warm all over. Like she was being caressed.

Chance inhaled with a long, deep breath that somehow seemed as intimate as a kiss. Self-consciously, Isa brushed her hair back from her forehead. Yes, it was definitely getting warmer in here.

"And just how are you going to get my brother back without getting him-and possibly me-killed in the process?" she asked, to distract herself from counting how long it had been since she'd had sex. Ugh, if she counted good sex, then she'd have to break out more of her old calendars than she cared to count.

"I'm going to find out where your brother is, and once I get him safely away, then I'm going to convince Robert that it's in the best interest of his health never to bother you or your family again."

Isa snorted in a very unfeminine fashion. "How? Are you a world-renowned hypnotist?"

Chance didn't laugh. "Something like that."

She stared for a different reason this time. He was serious. Good Lord, maybe he was a dangerous crazy person. Where had her grandmother dug him up from, anyway?

"You should go now," Isa said slowly. "And once again I'm going to tell you to stay out of this. You don't understand what Robert's like if you think you can hocus-pocus your way around him. He'll kill you. He'll bury you right next to Jimmy Hoffa and no one will ever find your body, got it?"

Chance sighed. "Would a demonstration make you feel better?"

Demonstration? "Um, of what, exactly?"

"My hocus-pocus abilities, as you call them."

Isa shifted. This was getting weirder by the minute. "Look, why don't you just go..."

"You can open your eyes now."

Isa blinked-and then jerked back in shock. She was on the chair with Chance. On his lap, to be more precise, with her arms around his neck and her mouth mere inches from his. Holy shit, how the hell did that happen?

* * *

Chance watched Isa scramble off him, her knuckles white as she clutched her robe. She backed away several feet, looking around her bedroom as if expecting to see someone else there.

"What did you do to me? How did I end up on your lap?" she demanded.

It would be so much easier to tell her the truth. To show her the truth, since once he said, "I'm a vampire," she'd just insist on proof anyway. But the suspicion in her gaze stopped him. Well, that, and the simple fact that he wanted Isa to get to know him better before she found out what he was. Chance had lived long enough to recognize what was stirring in him-and to appreciate that it didn't happen often.

Sure, he'd been attracted to her since the first night he watched her, then he'd grown to like her for her spunk and bravery, but that wasn't what was rare. It was the additional feeling she inspired. The one of connection, like she was someone who should be part of his life. Some people called it chemistry, others called it infatuation, some even called it fate. Chance didn't care what name was stuck on it. He only knew it was real.

And she felt something for him, too. He could smell it in the way her scent changed around him, the way her heart beat faster when he stared at her, and the way her body leaned toward his even as her eyes were rimmed with caution. Oh, part of that was just the attraction of a compatible woman to a compatible man, but there was more as well. Chance intended to find out how much more, and then he'd show her what he was, because he wasn't going to hide himself from her for much longer.

"I used my hocus-pocus and hypnotized you," he replied. It was mostly true. He just wasn't going to elaborate that his power was derived from being a vampire.

"You hypnotized me?" she repeated. "With what?"

He shrugged. "My gaze and my voice." Again, true enough.

Isa began to pace. "This is too weird. You're some kind of wacko David Copperfield and my grandmother hired you to abracadabra my brother safely back?"

"I told you this wasn't about money," Chance corrected.

"Whatever!" Isa said. Then her gaze narrowed. "You didn't do anything perverted while I was on your lap, did you?"

Chance folded his arms across his chest. "If you think I'm some lowlife scum who'd coerce a woman into doing something sexual against her will, then I suggest you do call the police. I had you come over to me because it proved that I can do what I claim I can do. You certainly wouldn't have perched on my knee of your own inclination just then, would you? But that was all you did, Isa, and my hands remained at my sides the entire time."

He locked his gaze with hers until she looked away, but the suspicion had left her eyes. There was still confusion, yes, and a healthy dose of wariness... but no more angry accusation.

Isa flounced on the side of her bed. "So... you can walk up to Robert and um, hypnotize him into telling you where Frazier is?"

"Yes," Chance said simply.

She chewed her lip. It had been over two weeks since her brother last contacted her. Even if he had managed to sneak away to make that phone call, maybe he'd been caught and dragged back. All the uncertainty over her brother's fate made Isa reckless. She couldn't just sit back and accept Robert's assurances that Frazier was okay. If all she had on her side right now was a trespassing honor-bound hypnotist-well. She'd just have to make the best of it.

"Assuming you can do that, Frazier's got to be guarded. You're pretty good with your little trick one on one, obviously, but up against several mini-gangsters with guns? You'd get shot before you even got near Frazier. Or the two of you would get shot before you managed to get away. We need to coordinate when this is going to happen. Robert's house is huge, and he likes to keep things close to him, so you should check for Frazier there first. I can go over to Robert's and leave a door open or something. Then I can, um, distract him while you sneak up on him and try your David Copperfield act."

"Isa... that's very brave of you, but it's not necessary. I can get in Robert's house with very little effort, and neither he nor his men will be able to keep me from leaving."

"Your arrogance could get my brother killed!" she snapped. "Excuse me if I'm not comfortable with that!"

He met her gaze very steadily. "I've done this before. My sire trusts me. Your grandmother trusts me. You're going to have to trust me as well."

She gave him a hard look. One that said she wasn't used to trusting anyone but herself. Chance could appreciate that. He'd lived with it as his credo for most of his human twenty-seven years.

"Look at it this way," he urged her next. "Where are you now? Dependent on Robert's very questionable mercy that he won't kill your brother, that's where. You're using the only bargaining chip you have-yourself-to ensure Frazier's safety, but Robert still holds all the cards. You need to have an ace up your sleeve that Robert won't expect. Well, Isabella, I am that ace, and you can trust that Robert will never expect me at all."

"I'm doing okay," she replied with obvious defensiveness. "I didn't see you at the restaurant earlier deflating Robert's hard-on!"

A grin touched Chance's mouth. "Ah, yes. Your galloping yeast infection. A very clever move. I'm sure Mini-Mob won't be able to get it up for days."

"Mini-Mob?" Isa laughed. Chance enjoyed seeing her face light up with it. "An Austin Powers fan, are you?"

"Guilty as charged."

"Wait a minute." Isa's laughter cleared at once. "How did you know that? You weren't there. How could you possibly know that?"

Because I'd been on the roof of the building across the street, listening to you all night. And I almost swooped down and ripped Robert's balls off with my bare hands when I heard him suggest that you were going home with him. Robert should thank his lucky stars you had your fake yeast infection as a shield, or he'd never become a father.

But Chance couldn't say that, of course. He couldn't tell Isa that he'd been watching her long past what his initial reconnaissance had required. Or that while she'd been in the shower earlier, he'd lain in her bed just so her scent could wrap all around him.

Yes, whatever word applied to Chance's condition, he had it bad.

"I was following Robert for a chance to get him alone," was what Chance settled on. "So I was near enough to the restaurant earlier to hear what happened. None of them ever knew, and neither did you. I've had some practice with this, Isabella. You can trust me."

He so very much wanted her to trust him, because his deliberate vagueness and these multiple unfinished sentences were wearing. If there was one thing he'd learned in his century-plus of living, it was that honesty was a cornerstone in a relationship. Women would forgive many things, but lies were at the top of their list for unpardonable sins. If Isa demanded more direct answers from him, Chance would give them to her. No matter if she was ready to hear them or not.

She chewed on her lip again. Chance watched her and wanted to do the same.

He might be having that "so I'm a vampire," conversation sooner rather than later with her. Inhaling the fragrance of her arousal earlier had almost outed him from his coffin, because he'd felt his eyes start to change and fangs press lustfully against his gums of their own accord. Even now, his blood wanted to rush to a particular place, and Chance had to concentrate to send it elsewhere. He pitied human men who had no control over that. The ability to direct his blood where he wanted it to go was just another perk of being a vampire. It beat the hell out of walking around trying to conceal a hard-on, and on the flip side, no vampire ever had to worry about impotence.

"Okay," Isa said finally. "I'll let you try to work your mojo on Robert to locate my brother, but if you find out where he is, you call me, understand? Because if something goes wrong-"

"Nothing will," Chance interrupted her firmly.

She gave him that look again. The one that said plenty of things had gone wrong in her life. Chance remembered reading that her parents died in a small plane crash while vacationing in the Bahamas when Isa was just thirteen. Her grandmother had been the one to raise her and Frasier. Yes, Isa would have learned young that life promised no happy endings, but in this case, Chance could at least promise he wouldn't make any mistakes with Frazier.

If he was even still alive.

Chance pushed that thought away. He'd assume Frazier was alive until he was shown his dead body. The fact that Ritchie and Paul hadn't known where he was when he asked them the other night-not that they remembered the body they'd wrapped in plastic had sat up and interrogated them, of course-concerned Chance. He would have thought Robert's top two meatheads would have been privy to that information, but maybe Robert played things closer to the vest. It would be smart of him, considering how weak-minded Smelly and Bowling Ball were. Robert himself was made of sterner stuff. Chance figured he'd have to drink his blood first to get what he wanted out of him, whereas Ritchie and Paul only required the light in his gaze to spill their secrets.

"Nothing will go wrong," Chance repeated, and meant it. If Frazier Spaga was still alive, he'd bring him back that way to his sister. If he was already dead... then Chance would see to it that everyone who'd had a part in his demise met the same fate as well.

Isa gave him a level look. "I'm going to hold you to that."

Chapter 4

Isa sat across from her grandmother and watched as she made tea. It was their Saturday afternoon ritual that Isa would have gladly done herself, but her grandmother was still fiercely independent and wouldn't hear of it. Her only capitulation to Isa's concerns about her health was to wear the LifeCall alert Isa had gotten her. Isa noted her thinness and the translucence of her flesh that was common with advanced age, and had to blink back tears.

She'll be gone soon, Isa thought with a stab of grief. It was doubly hard, since her grandmother had been both mother and father to her since Isa was thirteen, and Frazier even younger at nine. Then a mere five years after her parents had died, Isa's grandfather passed as well.

Some people would be broken from grief, but Greta Spaga dried her tears after her husband's funeral and said that death was simply part of life. That prolonged mourning only stole the good memories of the person who was gone. Isa doubted she'd have the same strength.

Now, over ten years later, Frazier was missing and Isa would have agreed to almost anything to keep her grandmother from facing another crushing family loss. The old woman might be strong as steel emotionally, but there was still only so much one person could take.

There was only so much Isa could take as well. Robert never said the words directly, but Isa knew that her brother wasn't the only collateral he was holding against her. She'd seen Paul and Ritchie drive by her grandmother's a few times when they knew Isa was there to spot them. Their actions screamed that more than Frazier would pay if Isa refused to do what Robert wanted.

"Here you are," her grandmother said, setting down Isa's cup of tea.

"So tell me about Chance," she said, trying to distract herself and genuinely wanting to know more about the sexy oddball.

Her grandmother smiled as she set her own cup down with more of a clatter.

"Downright tasty looking, isn't he?" Greta asked slyly.

Isa almost choked on a swallow. There was no mistaking the wicked note to her grandmother's voice.

"I meant, where'd you meet him? What does he do for a living? And how long have you known about Frazier, while we're at it?"

"Hmm, where'd I meet Chance? A long time ago in Louisiana. What does he do for a living?" Greta paused to cackle. "He doesn't do anything for a living, dear. How long have I known about Frazier? Since he didn't call me on Tuesday three weeks ago to check in. Frazier always calls me on Tuesdays. He hasn't missed one in the past five years."

Isa's mouth dropped. Her brother Frazier, who couldn't remember anyone's birthday and who hadn't held a steady job since Melrose Place was a hit, called their grandmother faithfully every Tuesday?

Greta tsked. "Don't look so shocked. Frazier's a bit high-strung, but so was I at his age. He's settled down a lot, Isa. You shouldn't judge him so harshly."

Now Isa did choke on her tea, lightly spraying herself with it. Once she'd regained her breath, she was glad it happened. Or she might have shouted, "High-strung? Associating with crime lords is a bit more than high-strung!"

But her grandmother didn't need the added worry of learning about how Frazier had cozened up to Robert these past few months. Hell, Isa had Frazier to thank for the fact that Robert had even stepped foot in her restaurant in the first place. Sure, Frazier tried to dissuade Robert once he saw the interest Robert immediately took in her, but by then, it had been too late.

"Tell me more about Chance," Isa managed. Anything except how Frazier was a misunderstood softie.

Her grandmother stared at her without speaking for so long, Isa repeated the question, thinking maybe her hearing was finally slipping.

"Oh, I heard you the first time," Greta said, still studying her. "You've always been such a serious child. Why, you stopped believing in Santa Claus way before your other friends did, and once your parents died, you stopped believing in a lot more things, didn't you?"

"What does this have to do with Chance?" Isa asked, squirming under that too-knowing pale brown gaze.

"A lot," her grandmother replied sharply. "Once your parents were dead, you stopped believing in people themselves. That's why you withdrew from all your friends. That's why you've never let any of your boyfriends get close to you, and that's also why I haven't told you certain things that otherwise, you would know by now."

Isa stood, looking at her watch with a fake expression of regret. Yes, she'd wanted to find out more about Chance, but not at the price of ripping open wounds she'd tried so hard to forget were there.

"Sorry I can't stay, but I'm supposed to open the restaurant today. That's right, Frank... Frank said he had an appointment. I have to go."

Her grandmother snorted, as eloquent as a twenty-minute dissertation on how Isa was full of shit.

"Fine, go. But before you do, I'll say one thing about Chance: Don't think the world contains only what you've been taught at school. Oh no, my dear. That's just the first layer of it."

Isa gave her a kiss and then got out of there as fast as possible. It would have been easier if her grandmother was wrong, instead of all too accurately nailing her with observations Isa would just as soon not acknowledge.

* * *

Chance was outside waiting for Isa when she locked up later that night. He saw her start in surprise when she spotted him leaning against the far side of her restaurant's building, and then the tension left her shoulders.

"You scared me," she said accusingly.

He cast a meaningful look around at the almost empty parking lot and the deep shadows where the streetlights failed to penetrate.

"As well you should be wary. You're a beautiful young woman walking without an escort at one in the morning. Why doesn't one of your staff at least see you to you car?"

"Because they're not sexist pigs who think women are incapable of taking care of themselves."

Chance rolled his eyes. "This has nothing to do with feminism. I'm all for gender equality, but the fact remains that women are targeted for more specific crimes than men, and the perpetrators of those crimes often look for circumstances such as these to attack."

"See this?" Isa pulled something dark and oblong out of her purse. Chance's mouth twitched.

"Turbo Vagisil?"

"No, it's a taser!" Isa said indignantly. "I can take care of myself, Chance. I've been doing that just fine for the past twenty-nine and a half years before you showed up, remember?"

He'd forgotten how hard it was to start a relationship. Casual dating, casual sex, or casual bloodletting was easy, but this? Chance figured it was a good thing he wasn't growing any older.

"Of course," he said, reminding himself that what was once considered polite concern for a lady's well-being was now obviously cause for insult. "But if it's all right with you, I'd like to walk you to your car. I mean no disrespect and I am fully aware that you can take care of yourself. May I?"

Isa hesitated, then nodded. "Okay."

Chance took her arm when she drew even with him. She looked like she might pull away, but then she relaxed and kept it curled around his. Now he could feel her pulse speed up as well as hear it, and he found himself staring at her profile. Her black hair had been up in a neat twist at the beginning of the evening, but now it was coming loose with long pieces falling over her shoulders. She was chewing on her lower lip again, worrying it faintly between her teeth as they walked. Chance's tongue traced his lower lip as he watched, imagining it was hers instead and wondering how she tasted.

Isa stopped next to her vehicle. Instead of letting her arm go, Chance held on and faced her.

She met his eyes-and quickly looked away. "No luck on, ahem, speaking with Robert?"

"No. He's meeting with several guests who flew in this morning. They're staying at his house and they have their own entourage of guards as well, so it's not an opportune time."

"Probably the Salucci brothers," Isa murmured. "They're another lovely criminal family vying for that oh-so-coveted 'made man' status. They're rivals of Robert's, too, if what I've overheard about them is true. I don't know why they'd stay with him. They don't like each other."

"Probably because to refuse is to admit fear, and then that gives Robert the upper hand. Don't worry. I listened in on them and they'll be gone tomorrow. That means tomorrow night, I'll have my talk with Robert."

Isa shivered. "So many things could go wrong..."

"They won't," Chance said.

She gave him a jaded look. "Sure, you managed to get me to perch on your lap like a kid visiting Santa, but doing that and getting a mobster to spill his secrets is worlds apart. Not to mention that you're the one with the greatest threat of repercussions if you failed. Robert might make things unpleasant for me or Frazier if you can't pull off your hocus-pocus routine, but he'll kill you. You know that, right? Really, I don't understand why you're doing this to begin with."

"I told you it was a matter of honor," Chance replied.

A sharp bark of laughter escaped Isa. "Honor. Who knew anyone still cared about that nowadays?"

Chance didn't reply. Yes, it was true honor was an undervalued commodity according to modern human standards, but in the vampire community, it still had strong merit. Bones had asked him for a favor and Chance had promised to grant it. That meant whatever the risks, he'd take them.

Of course, since he'd spent time with Isa, he knew he'd take those same risks regardless of his sire. He felt drawn to her in ways he hadn't felt for anyone in a long time. In order to see where it led, there were a lot worse dangers Chance would take on than a spoiled-brat mobster.

"I wanted to thank you," Isa said at last, meeting his eyes squarely. "Guess I never have gotten around to doing that. You're taking a huge risk, and whatever your reasons, I really appreciate it."

He smiled. "You're more than welcome, Isabella."

Chance heard her heart begin to thump with an irregular, advanced rhythm. Her gaze flicked to his lips-and stayed there.

His hand was still on her arm. There was less than a foot between them. Isa shivered, but it wasn't cold out. No, the luxuriant new scent drifting from her said she was feeling anything but cold at the moment.

Chance's hand tightened on her arm as he moved closer. Now there wasn't a foot between them, but mere inches. Her pulse sped up even more as he leaned down.

Right before his mouth brushed hers, however, Isa turned her head. Chance didn't follow the movement, but let his lips caress her cheek instead. So soft and warm. It was all he could do to keep his tongue from flicking out and tasting her.

Isa gave a shaky laugh. "I must be really tired. Here I am, engaged to Robert Mini-Mob Bertini, and yet about to make out with a virtual stranger in a public place. For my next idiotic trick, maybe I'll call Robert and dare him to kill Frazier."

Chance's fingers played with the skin on her arm. "Is being in a public place your only objection? Because that can be remedied."

Another sweet wave of scent came off her even as she backed away.

"I-I have to go," Isa stammered, not answering his question. "You'll call me after you speak with Robert, right?"

Chance made no move to stop her. He just stared at her as she got into her car and shut the door a little too hard.

"I'll speak to you as soon as I'm done with him, yes."

"All right." Isa paused, looked like she was about to say something else, then put the car in gear. Chance heard her mutter under her breath, "I must be crazy," right as she pulled away.

He smiled to himself. No, darling, you're not crazy. You're just fighting your emotions-something I learned long ago will always win in the end.

Chapter 5

Isa dreamed her restaurant had turned into a breakfast diner. Frank was whipping up bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, and assorted omelets while coffee brewed from multiple pots. The smell of freshly baked bread permeated the air as Isa hurried from table to table, making sure every customer had what they needed, rotating the order of the tables for the wait staff, and checking food supplies. Meanwhile, she was so hungry. All the sights and smells from the kitchen teased her, making her stomach knot with need. Still, she didn't stop. The responsibilities of the restaurant came first. Once the breakfast rush was over, she'd have Frank fix her a large plate, but until then, there was work to do.

"Isabella."

She turned to see who'd called her name, but all the faces in the diner seemed to blur out of focus.

"Isabella, wake up."

Her eyes snapped open. She was in her house. In her bed, and there was no breakfast diner, no rush of hungry customers to attend to, and no staff to oversee.

So why was it that she could still smell bacon, bread, and coffee?

"Am I going to have to come in there and wake you?" a voice she now recognized asked.

Isa stiffened, pinching herself to make sure she wasn't still dreaming. No, she definitely felt that, and yes, once again, Chance was in her home.

Her gaze went to the window. Had he gotten in through there again? Or did he go through the front door this time, because maybe he was an expert lock-picker as well? More importantly, why wasn't she angry? Why was she getting out of bed, smoothing her hand over her sleep-tousled hair, and wondering if she should put on something more appealing than her long cotton pajamas with their constellation pattern?

She heard a clatter of pans. "I know you're awake. Come on out, your breakfast is getting cold."

"Nothing comes before the bladder," Isa muttered under her breath, surprised when she heard him laugh a moment later. He couldn't have heard her... could he?

She walked into the kitchen five minutes later, too proud to change out of her pajamas, but conceding to brush her teeth and run a wet towel over her face. As far as her hair-well. It was hopeless, as it always was in the morning.

Chance was in the middle of her kitchen, looking far better than what was in the array of pans on her stove. He had on a light blue shirt that complimented his pale skin and deep brown hair, plus a pair of darker blue, loose-fitting jeans. His feet were bare, and Isa found herself momentarily fascinated by them. They seemed at once so completely masculine and yet so... cute.

She stopped staring at his feet to sit on one of the stools across from her counter.

"You're a regular repeat offender with the breaking and entering, aren't you?" she asked flippantly.

Chance grinned. "You skipped dinner last night. One would think since you owned a restaurant, you'd get around to eating, but apparently not."

She had skipped dinner last night, but how did he know that?

"Aren't you supposed to be spying on Robert, not me? Or better yet, breaking into his home, not mine?"

He heaped generous portions of bacon, eggs, and hashbrowns onto a plate before sliding it across to her.

"Robert's later tonight. You're hungry now. I'm just going down the line of priorities, darling."

"I told you not to call me that," Isa replied automatically, though she didn't mean it now. Truth be told, she rather liked the caressing way he said "darling."

And the look in his eyes when he said it was even better.

Oh, shit. She was so in trouble. Last night after almost kissing him, Isa had berated herself for hours about the stupidity of getting involved with some pseudo-magician whacko-albeit a smolderingly sexy one-when she still had to find her brother and get out of marrying a career criminal. Yet here she was now, getting all starry-eyed over something as benign as Chance's feet, for crying out loud.

That was it. She was getting a vibrator. Clearly she was in need of sexual healing, and right now a battery-operated device had the least amount of complications.

The timer on her oven went off. Chance turned around with a graceful spin and then lifted out a pan of wonderful-smelling bread. Isa's mouth watered even though she'd just taken a bite of food.

"You'd make a great chef," she said once she'd swallowed. "Ever think of leaving the honor-bound, criminal-interrogating hypnotist society to try your hand at that?"

Chance sliced her a steaming piece of bread, an odd smile on his face. "I can never leave the society I'm part of, Isabella. Once you become a member, you stay that way forever."

"Then I hope they have a hell of a retirement plan," she quipped.

That made Chance grin, highlighting the dimple on his chin. "The best there is, I assure you."

He took the stool next to Isa, but didn't bother getting himself a plate. Isa gestured with her fork at all the food spread out in front of her.

"Are you going to eat anything?"

His lips were parted, so Isa could see his tongue flick out to caress the tops of his teeth.

"Later."

There was something in the purr of that single word that made Isa suddenly lose her appetite. Her appetite for food, to be more specific. Another appetite reared its long-neglected head and began screeching to be satisfied.

Chance reached out, gently brushing her hair back from her face. His hand was cool against her cheek, like silk made into flesh. Isa drew in a breath, noting with curious detachment that it was uneven. Funny, the more she stared into Chance's eyes, the more she became convinced they were turning green.

"Back away, Chance. We need to keep things professional between us."

She made herself say it, because even if it wasn't true, it made sense to utter those words. Chance was practically a stranger, and a peculiar one at that. So what if she was drawn to him in ways she'd never felt before? So what if he fascinated her with his unusual mix of courtliness and utter disregard for the law? Getting Frazier back safely was her top priority, period. That meant canoodling with a local crime boss who thought she was going to marry him, not making out with an out-of-town hypnotist who might get killed with his next act.

Chance leaned closer, so that the breath from his words fell directly on her lips.

"You don't want to."

Boy, was he right about that. Keep things professional? Hardly. All Isa wanted to do now was press her mouth against his and rake her tongue inside until she couldn't taste anything but him.

Chance's nostrils flared. He closed his eyes and took in a deep, slow breath.

Isa closed her eyes as well. If she tilted her head even the slightest way in either direction, his lips would brush hers. Chance was that close to her. Yet she couldn't do it, and she instinctively knew it was what he was waiting for.

"Why are you fighting this so hard?" he whispered.

The question startled Isa into opening her eyes and sitting back, putting a safer distance between them. She ran a trembling hand through the same part of her hair Chance had smoothed away moments before.

"Because I want it too much."

Her honesty surprised her more than his question had. Chance took in another deep breath, his eyes still closed, and then he leaned back as well. Now there were a few feet of distance between them. Isa couldn't help but feel disappointed, even though it was her own fault.

Chance opened his eyes. They didn't look green-tinged anymore, and somehow that made Isa realize how serious he was.

"After I get back from speaking with Robert, you and I need to talk. I've lived too long not to recognize what a rare thing this is between us, but there are certain things about me you need to know before we go further."

"Are you married?" Isa asked at once, dread in her belly.

A soft snort escaped him. "No."

"A CIA agent? Illegal alien in search of a green card? Wanted criminal?"

"Nothing like that. Stop guessing, trust me, you wouldn't pick it at random, and as I said, I'll tell you later. After I've discovered what's going on with your brother."

Frazier's predicament did come first. Wasn't that why she'd stopped him earlier, when it looked like he'd been nanoseconds from kissing her? So why was she feeling, oh, bereft now?

"I have a feeling I won't like whatever it is you're going to tell me."

Chance gave her such a penetrating look, Isa wondered if mind reading was also part of his skills. It seemed like he was seeing into her fears and weighing them against whatever it was he intended to tell her.

"Either way, you will hear it. And then you'll decide what you want to happen between us."

If she was braver, she would have insisted on hearing it now. But Isa didn't think she could take her uncertainty over Frazier, her fears that her grandmother would be the next person Robert used against her, and whatever tidbit Chance would reveal about himself all at the same time. At least let her have closure on one of those things, then she'd handle the bad news Chance threw her way, because Isa doubted he had something as mundane as unpaid parking tickets to tell her about.

"You're going to Robert's tonight?" was all she said.

Chance nodded. "And afterward, I'll come see you with what I've discovered... and to talk."

That clenching in her stomach returned, but Isa forced herself to ignore it.

"Then I guess you'd better get prepared. You have a big day ahead of you."

He slid off the stool, moving like his body was somehow absent of bones and made entirely of coiling muscles instead.

"I'll see you later."

Isa hoped so. She also hoped Frazier was with him. In fact, she couldn't remember when she'd hoped so hard for things she wasn't taking care of herself. Leaning on another person. It was so unlike her, yet it was what she was doing now.

"I'm counting on that."

Chapter 6

Chance watched the men below him. The Salucci brothers seemed to be pretending to be Joe Pesci in Casino. All bada-boom, bada-bings, and just looking for ways to get insulted. Robert, surprisingly enough, conducted himself with more finesse, though he also seemed to be doing a bad acting job. Any moment now, Chance was sure Robert would lower his voice to a scratchy whisper and make the Salucci brothers an offer they couldn't refuse.

Chance had been around enough genuinely frightening people to know all this bluster and showboating for the camouflage it was. When someone was truly deadly, human or otherwise, he or she didn't waste time trying to convince people about it. No, he or she just killed everyone around them who had a dissenting opinion. That's why you'll always be a bridesmaid and never a bride, Chance thought while looking at Robert. You think if you kill a few people, bribe a few cops, dress in Armani suits and have a cookie-cutter Italian wife, the real mafia will welcome you into their fold. But you're wrong. They can smell a poser almost as well as I can smell my next dinner.

Still, at least this grandiose dick-measuring contest between the Salucci brothers and Robert afforded Chance an easier way of grabbing him. Robert had even picked the Penn station docks along the Delaware River at midnight for their powwow. The cliches were so thick, Chance was almost choking on them.

"You're makin' a mistake," the older Salucci brother told Robert before he turned with a dramatic swirl of his trench coat. He stalked off, his younger brother and bodyguard in tow. They got into the black Bentley that had been running the entire time, and the driver peeled off with a squeal of tires.

"Finally," Chance muttered. He gave Paul's jugular a caressing glance. Paul had eaten about a dozen doughnuts before this meeting, Chance knew, because the heavy smell of fried sugary goodness wafted up to him even from his light pole perch. Chance licked his lips. Mmm, dinner and dessert, all at the same time.

Chance dropped down from the tall broken streetlight. It never ceased to amaze him how some humans could be so oblivious to their environment-especially ones who prided themselves on being cunning. If Robert, Paul, or Ritchie had even once looked up, they would have noted that the south street light was significantly taller than the ones around it. They might not have been able to see what-or who-was perched on it in the darkness, but they could have realized that something was there.

Instead, they just gaped at him when he appeared behind them with nothing more than a faint rush of wind to announce him.

"Nice night, isn't it?" Chance remarked.

Robert was the first to recover. His hand slid inside his jacket and he pulled out his gun.

"Yeah, it is. Paul, Ritchie? You gonna stand there, or are you gonna pull your pieces and maybe point them at this ass**le?"

Chance watched with amusement as they scrambled to obey, replacing their formerly amazed expressions with tough ones.

"You just don't f**king learn," Paul breathed. "We do, though. Ritchie, pat down this joker and make sure he's not hiding any more bulletproof vests. Or wires."

Chance spread his arms out obligingly as Ritchie came closer. The other man was wary, no doubt remembering how Chance easily had dodged his attempts to pummel him before. Don't worry, Chance thought coolly as Ritchie gave him several quick, thorough pats. If I wanted you dead, your blood would already be warming my stomach.

"He's clean," Ritchie announced.

Chance wrinkled his nose with mild distaste. "Can't say the same about you. Really, man, soap is nothing to fear."

Ritchie reared back like he was going to punch him, but Robert grabbed his arm.

"Did I tell you to hit him?" he asked in a dangerous undertone.

Ritchie gave Chance a hateful glare before facing his boss. "No. Sorry."

Robert clapped him on the shoulder. "All right." Then he turned his attention to Chance. "They told me you had a smart mouth. Okay, smart mouth, we're going to take a walk. And then we're going to take a ride. You got a problem with that?"

"If I did, I suppose Bowling Ball and Smelly would just shoot me again," Chance drawled.

Robert shook his head. "Not them. You know what they say. When you want something done right, you gotta do it yourself."

Chance let out a bark of amusement. "My thoughts exactly."

They led him at gunpoint to the far end of one of the finger piers where a boat was moored. Robert waved, and a man on board waved back, powering the craft to life.

Chance was rather impressed that Robert had arranged to have another getaway from the docks. The Salucci brothers hadn't had that foresight. They seemed more brute muscle than operative brains. In a straight physical fight they might win, but if it was a matter of strategic planning, Robert would prevail. Not that Chance cared. The lot of them could drop dead and society would be far better off. In fact, he'd probably be helping society very soon when it came to that. Just not before he had his questions answered.

Chance went aboard the boat, surmising that this was an excellent opportunity to get Robert to himself and dispose of Paul's body, if he did decide to indulge and eat him. When the four of them were clustered around the back of the boat, the driver sped off without much consideration for the waterway's "no wake" zone.

Ritchie and Paul gestured with their guns for Chance to sit on the aft bench, which he did, stretching his legs before settling down comfortably.

After about twenty minutes of glaring at him while the boat navigated the waterway, Robert spoke.

"So, what's your name?"

"Chance."

Robert grunted. "Bullshit. What's your real name?"

"Ask your men. Didn't they find any identification when they rummaged through my pockets the other night?"

"You know f**king well you didn't have a scrap of ID on you that night. Plus, Paul and Ritchie tell me you must've been wearing Kevlar, on account of you bein' here instead of resting in plastic under six feet of dirt. What I want to know is, what kind of a man walks around with no ID while wearing Kevlar? Seems pretty paranoid to me."

Chance shrugged. "If you say so."

Paul leaned in and shouted in Chance's face. "Answer the question, ass**le!"

"Quit pissing me off," Robert said in a more mild tone. "In my current mood, I have no intention of letting you off this boat alive, so you're gonna need to work to change my mind."

That was meant to scare Chance, but he found it ironic instead.

"I can personally guarantee that I won't be getting off this boat alive," he replied.

"He's insane," Ritchie said in wonder. "Look at him. Thinks he can smart-mouth his way out of anything."

Paul held up a length of chain. "See this?" he asked, rattling it for effect before he began to wrap it around Chance. "We bought this in case things went south with the Salucci brothers. This is fifty pounds of steel. I'm going to tie you up with it and then lock it around you."

Chance glanced down at the chains as Paul began carrying out his threat. If it made them feel more secure... and the more time they wasted trussing him up, the further along the river they were getting. How convenient. He wouldn't have to worry about anyone overhearing screams.

"You're tryin' my patience," Robert growled. "Now, I'm gonna ask you again, and you'd better cut the shit. What's your name? Your real name?"

Chance did have another name, of course. The one he'd been born with well over a hundred years ago, but even though it would be of no use to Robert, he still refused to utter it.

"Chance is the only name you're getting out of me."

Robert jerked his head at Ritchie, who left his position looming over Chance to go around the side of the boat. When he came back minutes later, he was wheeling a large bucket on a dolly filled with something gray and grainy.

Chance closed his eyes, but only so the others didn't see him roll them with annoyance. Couldn't they do anything original?

"Cement," Robert supplied, though Chance already knew that. "You keep it up with your smart mouth and that bucket's gonna be your new pair of shoes. There's no getting out of this one. You talk, or I'm gonna shove your chained, cemented ass off this boat. Hell, I'll even let Paul shoot you in the head first, 'cause I know he's itchin' to."

Chance winced. Head shots hurt like hell, silver or no silver. He knew he'd have a terrific headache for about ten minutes while everything knit back into place. Damned melodramatic mobsters, he thought irritably. He was eating every last one of them before this whole mess was finished!

But first things first.

Robert watched him with an inscrutable expression. "There's only one thing that'll stop all this unpleasantness from becoming a reality." He leaned forward until his nose was almost touching Chance's. "Tell me where Frazier is, and I'll let you live."

Chance's eyebrows went up. Well. He hadn't been expecting that.

"You're the one using Frazier to blackmail Isabella into marrying you, and yet you're telling me you don't know where he is?"

Robert whipped him across the head with the butt of his gun. Chance's fangs nearly popped out on their own accord with the desire to bury themselves into Robert's oh-so-deliciously close jugular, but he controlled himself. As soon as he got off this boat, he'd find a nice tasty person to score a pint off of. Hell, maybe even two nice tasty persons. After all, he'd owe himself a treat after getting his brains rearranged.

"Don't f**k with me," Robert said in a menacing tone. "Right after Frazier went missing, you showed up in town shadowing Isa. No one knows you, you don't have no record, no ID, no nothing. It's like you're a f**king ghost. But I don't believe in ghosts, so you know what I think? I think you're some kind of loose-cannon mercenary the Salucci brothers hired to break Frazier out. Isa's a bit shy, so she needed a little persuading to agree to marry me. But if her brother's on the loose, it's a potential issue for me. Makes me look bad, which then means the Saluccis get the syndicate support, and I don't."

"That's an interesting theory," Chance noted. "Go on. I'll tell you if you're getting warmer."

Robert glared at him but continued. "I figure you got greedy. Began playing both sides, since if the Salucci brothers had Frazier, they would have taunted me with it every time they'd been around me. Guess you thought you could drive up whatever price they'd agreed to pay you, because you thought you was holding all the cards. Well, guess what? I call your hand, and you got nothing. In fact, you're about five seconds away from a horrible death, and the only thing that's gonna save you is if you tell me where Frazier is. Otherwise, I'm gonna to let Paul shoot you in the head, and then we're gonna throw your dead ass off this boat. You'll spend the rest of eternity rotting on the bottom of this river, understand? So what's it gonna be? Life or death?"

Chance met his gaze with absolute coldness. "Even if I knew where Frazier Spaga was, I would never tell you, so you may as well have your man shoot me and stop wasting my time."

Robert straightened. "You stupid f**k. Those were just your last words."

Chance let a smirking Paul finish wrapping the chains around him before securing them, as promised, with a solid lock. Then he let them press his feet into the cement, piling the gray substance up until it encased his lower calves. He let them lead him to the edge of the boat, the three of them supporting him, since he couldn't very well walk with his feet immobilized in the bucket.

"One last chance," Robert said, pointing at the churning dark water before them. "You talkin' or what?"

Chance smiled icily. "I'll talk the next time I see you, and that'll be sooner than you think."

"Stupid mook," Robert muttered. Then he nodded to Paul, who grinned as he placed his gun to the side of Chance's temple.

"Fuck you," Paul said, and pulled the trigger.

The resulting explosion made Chance unaware of the exact moment when they shoved him in the water. He came to with his feet-still in that bucket, of course-on the river's bottom with his head hurting just as much as he knew it would.

Oh yes. He was going to eat every last one of them and use their veins as dental floss!

But first things first...

Chance kicked free out of the bucket and ripped the lock off his chains with one hard tug. Then, after a few minutes of unwinding and shaking the last of the cement globs from his feet, he began to ascend toward the surface.

If he had his choice, he'd swim after Robert's boat and drink them all until his stomach bulged, but there were more pressing matters at hand. Someone else had Frazier Spaga. Could Robert have guessed correctly? Was it the Salucci brothers, and they hadn't bragged about it because they were more disciplined than Robert realized?

There was only one way to find out.

Robert's boat was moving at a good clip. None of the men were on the aft side anymore, thus they missed seeing Chance's head pop out from the waves as he began to swim back toward the city.

Chapter 7

Isabella looked up as the door to her restaurant banged open. Her heart sank when she saw it wasn't Chance. She'd stayed up all night, but there had been no word from him. Her stomach seemed formed into a perpetual knot of anxiety, and the look on Robert, Paul, and Ritchie's faces as they strode inside only made it worse. It was just a few minutes after two. Her place didn't open until five. Whatever they were here for, it wasn't dinner.

"Frank, Steven, Ed, get outta here," Robert ordered.

Her three chefs gave her an apologetic look as they exited out the back. Isa straightened her shoulders, trying to calm her sudden onslaught of fear. Where was Chance? God, had something happened to him? Had he gotten caught trying to get Frazier away? What if they'd both been hurt-or worse?

"What's going on?" she asked, glad her calm voice belied the lurch in her stomach.

Robert smiled as he came across the room. Ritchie and Paul took up flanking positions on either side of the restaurant's entrance. Robert gave her a kiss on the cheek, and it was all Isa could do not to wipe it away with her butter-smeared hands.

"Just wanted to see my wife-to-be, is all. Nothin' wrong with that, is there? You workin' hard, baby? Not for long. Once we're married, you're quitting this job, but don't worry. Paul's taking over runnin' the place, so you won't have to slave here anymore, but your family's restaurant will still stay in business."

Anger blossomed in her. Oh, she could just imagine how Paul would take over the running of this place. More laundering would get done here than across the street at the dry cleaners. If Isa would have had a gun at that moment, she'd have shot Robert where he stood.

"This is my restaurant, and I'll work here as long as I want to."

Robert slapped her. It wasn't a hard blow, but enough to make Isa's cheek sting.

"You listen to me," he said, voice low and resonating as he seized her shoulders and pulled her near. "I've been real patient with you, Isa. A true gentleman, because a man needs to be considerate of the future mother of his children. I let you work here when you should be with my sister planning our wedding. I let you tell me we're not having sex until we're married. I let your miserable brother live when by all rights, I shoulda put a bullet in his head when I caught him snooping around my house. I let all those things happen, but I will not let you disrespect me in public. You got spirit, kid. I like that, but there's a time and a place. Don't make me remind you again."

Isa touched her cheek, almost abandoning her promise to Frazier right then, because she would not, could not pretend to be this man's fiancee-his property-a single moment longer. She even opened her mouth to say the words, but then a voice stopped her.

"Take your hands off her."

Relief flooded through Isa. It was Chance! He wasn't hurt, thank God, and... why did Paul just drop his gun?

"You're dead," Paul breathed. His face was stark white, and his hand shook as he made the sign of the cross. "I shot you in the head and threw your weighted-down body in the river!"

Isa's eyes bulged at that.

"I am dead," Chance agreed calmly behind her. "And yet I'm still standing here. Makes you wonder how, doesn't it?"

Ritchie seemed equally shaken. He crossed himself too, and Isa heard him mutter the familiar Latin incantation: "In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti..."

Even Robert looked like he'd seen a ghost, which sent a chill up Isa's spine. No one was denying Paul's statement that he'd shot Chance in the head. That wasn't something you'd walk away from afterward, but here Chance was, announcing that he was dead and yet he still wasn't going anywhere. Could he have hypnotized them into thinking Paul had shot him? Was such a thing even possible?

Isa swung around to look at Chance, and there was something in his gaze that froze her. She remembered the cool feel of his skin on hers, the way his eyes seemed to change colors, and how he'd gotten into her five-story-high home through the window when there wasn't any fire escape. There was only so much skill or hypnotism could account for. So if it wasn't that...

Chance met her stare levelly, as if he knew what was brewing in her mind-and wasn't denying any of it. Once again, her grandmother's words rang in her head. Don't think the world contains only what you've been taught at school. Oh no, my dear. That's just the first layer of it... Or Chance himself, when she'd asked him what he was. You're not ready to know what I am, so don't ask me that question when you don't really want a truthful answer to it...

Robert drew out his gun. "Fuck it, I'm shooting you until you stay dead!"

Isa heard multiple pops, saw a blur of motion... and then she was swinging from Chance's grip. Noises seemed to coalesce into one loud murmur, and her stomach felt oddly hot though the rest of her was chilled. She tried to look down, but Chance's arms blocked her. He had them pressed to her stomach even as she realized with shock that they were somehow outside. On rooftops. Moving at speeds that defied any logical explanation.

Then there was a jarring suddenness as they stopped. Chance loomed over her, his face very close...

Oh God, his face!

Isa screamed. Or tried. It only came out as a wheezing cry of denial. Chance ignored that, whipping a knife out from somewhere on him. Those glowing eyes, his fangs... he's some kind of devil, she realized dully. Cold slithered further up her limbs. In nomine Patris...

Chance stabbed her in the side. Isa did scream this time, a high-pitched wail of agony that wrenched out of her soul. There was another horrible, spine-bowing pain as Chance wiggled the knife, and then mercifully, gray encroached her vision. The pain started to fade even as the cold increased. Isa could barely make out Chance's transformed face as he slashed the blade across his wrist next, and then pressed the cut to her open mouth.

* * *

Chance took Isa to her grandmother's. It wasn't far, considering he traveled in a beeline by leaping from rooftop to rooftop. Up here, traffic definitely wasn't an issue.

Isa hadn't spoken a word to him since he'd made her drink his blood to heal her gunshot wound. Digging that bullet out of her side had filled Chance with rage, regret, and fear. He hated hurting her that way, but if he hadn't, her flesh would have knit back over the wound soon after she swallowed his blood. Drinking that small amount wouldn't turn her into a vampire-Chance would have needed to mortally drain her first, and then have her drink far more deeply from him-but it would heal her internal and external damage from the gunshot wound. He wouldn't risk her life by taking her to a local hospital; the bullet had torn through her liver. So close to losing her forever.

As soon as she was safely at Greta's, Chance was going to hunt down the two shooters and kill them. They wouldn't live out the next hour, either of them.

Chance didn't bother going to the front door, in case Greta was being watched. He leapt from the top of the roof down to the side window with Isa clutched in his arms. To anyone casually looking up, he'd appear as nothing more than a hazy blur. Vampire speed defied human ability to track with the naked eye, so he wasn't worried about 911 calls about a rooftop-jumping superman.

One hard jerk broke the lock on her window. It slid up and Chance maneuvered them inside with one fluid motion. Isa blinked at her surroundings for a second, as if she couldn't believe where she was. Then she shoved against Chance's chest. Hard.

"Let go of me."

She had more force behind the push than she normally would have. Her head bobbed around, listening to noises she wouldn't have heard an hour ago. His blood had done more than just heal her. In the quantity he'd given her, almost a half pint, it had also heightened her strength and senses.

Chance let her go. She backed away from him at once, her gaze flicking around like she expected him to attack. For the tenth time, she rubbed her stomach, feeling the smoothness where there had so recently been a bleeding hole.

"I'm not going to hurt you, Isabella," Chance said quietly.

She let out a derisive bark that stated she didn't believe him. Meanwhile, Chance heard Greta stir in the other room. She must have been taking a nap.

"You were shot," Chance told her, knowing with the instant shock her body would have gone into, she might not have realized that. "I had to dig the bullet out. That's why, with the knife..."

Isa backed up until she was almost to the door of the living room. "Who shot me? Robert?"

Chance's mouth tightened. "No. But Robert pulling his gun distracted me from seeing the other two men outside who were taking aim. Apparently the Salucci brothers got tired of negotiating with Robert, and decided a drive-by shooting would be much more efficient instead."

"Those were the pops I heard," Isa murmured, as if to herself. Then she gave Chance a repelled look that pierced his heart. "You're not human."

This wasn't the way he'd intended her to find out, but there was no turning back. Even though he could erase the knowledge from her if he bit her and used his power, Chance refused to manipulate her that way.

"No. I haven't been for a long time."

"What's going on?"

Greta came around the corner, her eyes wide at seeing Chance and Isa in her living room. Hearing the old woman's heart start to beat irregularly, Chance hastened to reassure her.

"It's all right, Greta. Isabella was hurt, but I healed her."

"Isa, what happened?" Greta exclaimed, giving her granddaughter a hug.

Chance saw that while Isa gripped her back, she never took her eyes off him.

"Grandma... he's not human. I'm not crazy and I'm not making this up, but Chance isn't human!"

Greta tssked. "Well, of course he's not, dear. He's a vampire. I wouldn't have gotten him involved if he'd only been human. He wouldn't have been much use then, would he?"

Isa's mouth dropped. She looked back and forth between Chance and Greta like she expected one of them to suddenly yell, 'Surprise, you're on candid camera!'

"You knew this?" she finally managed.

Before Greta could respond, Chance held out a hand. "I have to leave you both now. Greta, don't open the door for anyone, and if there's trouble, call me at once. Isabella, you know how to use a gun, yes?"

"I, um, it's been a long time..." she sputtered.

"Good," Chance interrupted. "If anyone but a trusted friend shows up here, you shoot first before you open the door. There shouldn't be more trouble, but it's better to be safe than sorry. I'll be back as soon as I'm done."

"Done doing what?" Isa asked, taking a step toward him before stopping herself.

Chance let his fangs slide out while vampiric green lit up his eyes. Their glow highlighted Isa's face, and she gasped.

"Killing the Salucci brothers," he said, and vaulted out the window.

Chapter 8

Her grandmother stared at Isa, not speaking. Isa didn't know what to say either. So many things had happened, she felt like her entire world had been pulled out from under her.

"So," her grandmother said at last. "You didn't know Chance was a vampire until I told you, but you knew he wasn't human. How'd you figure that out?"

Isa brushed past her into the kitchen, a brittle laugh coming out of her throat. "Let's see, I started to suspect something wasn't right when Paul almost fainted at seeing Chance, because apparently, last night Paul blew Chance's brains out and sank him to the bottom of the river!"

To Isa's surprise, her grandmother began to laugh. "Oh, I wish I'd been there to see the look on Paul's face when Chance walked in. He must have pissed himself!"

"That's not the point!" Isa said harshly, which made her grandmother sober. "The point is that Chance is a vampire, for God's sake! And it's like you don't even care. How did you ever get mixed up with a vampire, grandma?"

"Sit down, Isa."

Her tone brooked no refusal. Her grandmother might be as frail as a cobweb physically, but there was still a strident note of command in her voice that said she was a force to be reckoned with nonetheless.

Isa went back into the living room and sat on the couch, scowling. Her grandmother rummaged in the kitchen and then came out with two glasses. Instead of her normal tea, she poured herself a whiskey. And then poured one for Isa as well, handing it to her with a look that dared Isa to refuse it.

"Do you know how old I am?"

Isa blinked, not expecting that question. "Uh, of course. You're seventy-five."

"Wrong," her grandmother said flatly. "I'm a hundred and twenty-six. I was born August second, 1882, in New Orleans, not Yonkers. When my mother ran off before my sixteenth birthday, I had no way to support myself except one-prostitution." She ignored Isa's gasp. "I started off on the streets, but then worked my way up to a nice room on Basin Street

where the high-class 'soiled doves' lived. Prostitution was legal in an area of New Orleans back then that the locals called The District. Later, it became known as Storyville.

"One evening, a young man walked in and told the madam he wanted six girls for the entire night. Well, you can imagine how we laughed to ourselves at such a boast. But he paid, so we went upstairs with him." She paused to give Isa a knowing look. "Let me tell you something about vampires. With their stamina, six women for an entire night is simply a healthy start."

"Grandma!" Isa interrupted, shocked beyond further words at the thought of her grandmother being a paid participant with the undead in a menage-a-whatever seven people consisted of.

"Oh, hush," her grandmother said casually. "The man who came to the bordello that night was a vampire named Bones, and he was looking for permanent residents for one of his houses. He showed all of us what he was, and to the three women who panicked, he erased that knowledge with the power in his gaze. To the three of us who didn't, he offered a new life living as his blood donors. We went with him, and he set us up in a beautiful house. Had tutors sent to teach us reading, writing, arithmetic, history, culture, anything we desired. And he gave us the most precious gift of all-the ability to stop aging, for a while at least."

"How?" Isa whispered, her mind reeling at everything she was hearing.

"Blood. Vampires don't age, one of the few things about their legend that's correct, and if you drink blood frequently enough from a vampire, your own aging will slow as well. I lived quite happily with Bones and the other girls for over forty years until I met your grandfather. Then I fell in love, but he had a very closed mind when it came to the supernatural. I either had to choose him and turn my back on everything I'd come to take for granted, or say no to true love. I chose love, Isa, and I haven't regretted it. Following your heart is always the right choice, no matter the circumstances."

Isa drained her whiskey in a gulp. Her grandmother's lips twitched as she sipped more daintily at hers.

"So is that how you met Chance?" Isa asked after a long silence. Then, "Good God, he's not the same vampire you lived with, is he?"

"Heavens, no. I only met Chance once, very briefly when Bones came to visit me after I'd married your grandfather. Then not again before two weeks ago."

This felt like a dream, sitting across from her grandmother discussing vampires, of all things. If Isa hadn't seen Chance's inhumanly glowing eyes herself-not to mention his fangs-she'd swear her grandmother was senile by relaying such a story. Still, there was nothing imaginary about a bullet hole in her stomach that wasn't there anymore.

"But Chance has been walking around in the daylight!" Isa suddenly exclaimed. "I thought vampires couldn't do that?"

"Really, dear, if you were an intelligent species that managed to hide your existence from mainstream society for thousands of years, wouldn't it make sense to plant some red herrings along the way? You know, like fake weaknesses such as a deathly aversion to sunlight or crosses? Then, when people saw you strolling around at high noon holding your rosary beads, they'd think, 'Well, that can't be a vampire,' because they believe the propaganda that's been deliberately mixed with the legend?"

Isa eyed her empty glass before going into the kitchen and pouring another stiff one. No one should have to process this information sober.

"So they're not all monsters who lie in wait to feed off the blood of the innocent?" she asked hesitantly.

"Some of them are," her grandmother replied with utmost seriousness. "But most of them are decent people who only feed enough to live and don't kill their donors. Most people who've given blood to a vampire don't even remember it afterward. Their gaze is very powerful, and they have the ability to manipulate both behavior and memories. But being a vampire doesn't make them a monster, Isa. They'd have to choose that route for themselves."

So that was how Chance had hypnotized her before. So much for his being a freelance magician.

"And apparently shooting a vampire and sinking him to the bottom of the river doesn't kill one, so what does? A wooden stake through the heart?"

"Silver through the heart. Or decapitation, but a vampire won't hand you his or her head. Nor will one stand still and let you poke his heart with silver, either. Never try to battle against a vampire, Isa. They can kill you before you even blink."

Isa remembered how fast Chance had moved at the restaurant earlier. She hadn't even really seen him, he'd only been a blur. Yes, it was easy to believe how deadly vampires could be. Fangs. Mind control. Incredible speed and strength. All of it was very frightening.

... with their stamina, six women for an entire night is simply a healthy start...

Isa jerked her mind out of the gutter. Okay, so maybe it wasn't all frightening.

"You got Chance involved because of me and Frazier," she said at last. "I guess it makes sense. What's scarier than a mobster, if not a creature of the night? Well, why hasn't Chance just... eaten Robert, then? It would be no great loss to the world, in my opinion."

"I'm not sure myself," her grandmother replied slowly. "At first I thought it was because he wanted to make sure Frazier was safe. Then I wondered if he was waiting for some sort of backup from Bones. You know, if Chance intended to clean Robert's entire gang off the street, he'd get a few more mouths together to feed off them? But I spoke to Bones today, and he was very surprised to hear Chance still hadn't wrapped things up. So I'm guessing it has to do with you."

"Me?" Isa burst. "What about me?"

Her grandmother sighed. "Youth is truly wasted on the young. Come now, dear. Don't be stupid."

Isa stared at her. Her grandmother stared right back, unblinking. The thought formed in Isa's mind, hitting against wall after wall of uncertainty and anticipation.

Could Chance have been stringing along Robert just to spend more time with her? If so, what was she going to do about that? Scream and grab lots of garlic?

Or meet him with her hair up while wearing a low-necked gown?

Isa shook her head to snap out of her mental meanderings. Frazier was out there somewhere, and whatever she did or didn't feel for Chance, her brother's safety took priority. If Chance had been deliberately slow about bringing this situation to a conclusion, then she would have to speed him along. After all, if she had a vampire on her side to use as a weapon against Robert, then she was damn well going to point and fire him at the would-be mafioso.

"Do you think he was serious?" Isa asked at last, her gaze sliding toward the still-open window. "About killing the Salucci brothers, I mean?"

"Oh, Isa. With how angry Chance was, in all likelihood, they're already dead."

Isa looked at her grandmother and wondered how she had ever, ever thought this woman was a straight-laced Italian housewife. That cold glint in her grandmother's eyes belonged more to a shylock than the gentle old lady who'd raised her.

But as Isa had been reminded via a bullet cut out of her torso by a man who happened to be a vampire, looks were very deceiving.

Chapter 9

With everything that happened, Isa never expected to fall asleep. But after being awake all last night, drinking multiple shots of whiskey while she waited for Chance to return, and then lying down on her grandmother's couch, she must have dozed off. A soft touch on her cheek made her eyes flutter open. Chance was kneeling next to her, the room cast in shadows. It was dusk. He'd been gone for hours.

"The Salucci brothers?" she asked quietly.

Chance dropped his hand from her face. "You won't have to worry about them again."

There was a hard satisfaction to his voice that said Isa wasn't the only one who wouldn't have to worry about them. Neither would anyone else on the planet. She supposed she should be aghast that Chance had murdered them so easily, but she could only muster up the faintest feeling of... caution.

"What about the police? I'm amazed they haven't come by yet. With holes shot into my restaurant and my staff telling them I'd been there, I thought for sure they'd come to my grandmother's asking about me."

"They won't. I took care of them," Chance replied.

That did make Isa uneasy. "Um, the permanent way?"

Chance smiled faintly. "No. The mind-altering way. After I was done with the Saluccis, I went back to your restaurant and pulled aside the lead detective there. He now believes he's spoken to you and that you didn't see who fired the shots. I can't imagine Robert would say anything to contradict that, whenever he surfaces again."

"So Robert wasn't hit earlier? He's okay?"

"For now."

There was that coldness to Chance's voice again. Isa shivered. The man-no, the vampire-kneeling just a foot away from her had admittedly killed two people today, and from his tone, he wanted to up that number.

"Robert struck you," Chance said, as if reading her thoughts. "You think I'd let him live after that?"

"Robert's done much worse to a lot more people," Isa countered. "If you're going to kill him, kill him for them, not for me."

Chance shrugged. "Dead is dead, darling. I suspect those other people will care more about the end result than my motivation."

"I care about your motivation," Isa said sharply.

Green began to swirl in Chance's blue-gray eyes. "Do you?"

It seemed like he caressed those two words, as if they had a taste he enjoyed. Isa shivered again, but for a different reason this time.

"Why didn't you show up last night?" she asked, mostly because she was worried about Frazier, but also to cut the growing pull she felt toward Chance. "Was it because of what Paul did to you? I mean... did it take a while, to, ah, heal?"

Chance must have seen her refusal in her gaze, because he stood up and walked to the other side of the room.

"No, my head healed very quickly. That's how it is for vampires. Why I didn't show up was because Robert confessed he didn't know where Frazier was. He thought I'd stolen him away, that I was someone the Salucci brothers hired to make him look incompetent. So I paid them a visit last night. An all-too-kind one, as it turned out, since I should have just killed them once I'd gotten what I needed to know out of them. Nevertheless," Chance waved his hand curtly, "that's been remedied."

He hadn't killed the Salucci brothers last night when he could have. She wasn't upset by that, though it had ended up almost costing Isa her life. In fact, she was relieved, because it reinforced her grandmother's claim that vampires weren't random killers despite their vicious legend. Chance had killed the Saluccis today out of necessity. She didn't need him to tell her how violent a power struggle between two competing crime lords could be. She still had the evidence smeared around the hole in her shirt, in fact. If they were alive, the Saluccis would have only become more dangerous. They'd know Robert would retaliate, and anyone caught in the crosshairs would end up as collateral damage. Like she nearly had.

"Did they know anything about Frazier?"

"I'm sorry, no. They truly believed Robert still had him. In the gangster world, Robert holding your brother hostage to ensure you'd marry him isn't the shameful act of cowardice it should be, but just a strong-minded way to get a woman to behave."

The scorn dripping off Chance's words echoed Isa's own anger. All right, now she didn't feel the slightest bit bad that they were dead. In fact, she hoped it had hurt.

"This does complicate things, however, since the two most likely sets of suspects in Frazier's disappearance are innocent," Chance went on. "Is there anything about your brother you haven't told me? Anything at all that might shed light on where he could be?"

Isa got up as well and began to pace. "I have no idea where he is. When he called me a couple weeks ago, he just told me to play along being Robert's fiancee and that he'd contact me again, but he hasn't."

A low sound came from Chance. "You neglected to tell me that."

Isa swung around, shooting him an accusing glare. "Oh, don't even! If you want to talk about withholding information, I'd say you, Mr. Vampire, are far more guilty than I am!"

Chance inclined his head. "Touche. However, I intended to tell you about that. Remember when I said yesterday we had to talk? It wasn't to discuss a new dish for your menu, darling."

"Yes, well, I don't think artery d'jour would go over big with the locals, anyway," Isa muttered.

"You might be surprised. There are more of us than you realize. No doubt you've served several vampires in your establishment already."

"You're the only person who's sat there for two hours without eating," Isa replied, rattled by the thought of the undead mingling among her patrons without her knowing it.

"We can eat solid food, and we can drink liquids aside from blood. It just doesn't nourish us, but if we're out with humans and we're trying to blend in..." Chance lifted his shoulder. "When in Rome, as they say."

It still seemed unbelievable to Isa that he wasn't human, because he looked so normal. Well, aside from being pale, but then most people were this time of year in Philly.

"Does your heart beat?" she found herself asking.

Chance stared at her. "Come and find out."

She walked over to him, her own heart rate accelerating with every step. It sounded so loud to her, Isa knew Chance had to hear it too. Did it make him hungry? Was that why his eyes began to tinge with green whenever she got close to him?

"Do I need to worry about you eating me?" she joked when there was less than a foot between them.

There was a bright flash of emerald in his eyes. "Not the way you're thinking of."

Her hand froze in mid-reach to his chest. Chance caught it, pressing her palm inside his shirt over where his heart was. Cool, hard flesh met hers, but there was no throb of life underneath. Just stillness.

"You see?" Chance almost whispered. "My heart doesn't beat, I don't breathe, I will never age in appearance, father children, catch diseases, or die of natural causes. I am a vampire. Nothing will change that."

Isa's hand was still on his chest. Chance dropped his hold on her and backed away, letting her fingers slide off until he was out of reach.

"Why are you telling me this?" she asked, equally hushed.

A small, despairing smile curled his mouth. "Because I want you to know everything I am... and accept me regardless. My feelings for you have gone far past mere friendly accord. In fact, these are feelings I haven't had for anyone in a very long time. I want you in my life, Isabella, so I'm telling you what that life consists of. Whether you choose to be a part of it is up to you."

Isa glanced down, oddly enough, at her hand. She'd felt no revulsion when it had been pressed to Chance's skin. Yes, he was cooler than she was, but how important was temperature, really? Was it enough to risk the first true tug on her heart she'd experienced? Okay, Chance was a vampire, and that was undeniably a large relationship hurdle. But did it mean she shouldn't even try? Was she going to always run from people because of the pain she'd felt when those closest to her, her parents, had been taken away? Wasn't it time she risked getting hurt again, instead of just accepting the numbness of never letting anyone in? If she kept going on like that, then the real dead person in the room was her, not Chance.

Well, not anymore, Isa thought, and stepped toward him.

Chapter 10

Chance watched her approach. He didn't move, because he was afraid the slightest unexpected motion from him would stop her. She paused when she was a foot away, reaching out to slide her hand around his neck, and then pulled him down to her.

Chance closed the space between them, wrapping his arms around her and-at last-covering her mouth with his. Her lips were soft and she parted them at once, letting his tongue penetrate into the warm sweetness of her mouth.

She tasted like whiskey and honey, so intoxicating, and Chance inhaled through his nose to absorb the waves of desire coming from her. Her heartbeat was a rapid vibration against his chest, the race of blood through her veins like singing, and Chance moaned as he pressed her closer. I need you, he thought with a surge of lust so strong, it made his hands itch to tear her clothes from her body. Give yourself to me.

Chance didn't dare utter the words aloud, let alone open his eyes to look at Isa. This was where the power of vampiric mind control could cross unintended lines. With how aroused Chance was, there was no controlling the light in his gaze that would take Isa's decision away from her. He wanted her, yes, so badly-but never enough to steal what should only be given.

Isa's fingers curled into his hair as her head fell back. Chance followed the motion, letting his lips slide to her neck. Her pulse pounded so strongly against his mouth, it seemed to be begging him to bite it. Chance licked it instead, swirling his tongue around the throbbing apex and hearing Isa moan with pleasure.

He wanted to hear her moan again, but louder, and while he was licking a different part of her. The thought of her scent surrounding him while he filled his mouth with her juices made his blood nearly scream to travel elsewhere. Chance let it, directing the flow, feeling himself thicken and harden as it flooded his cock. Isa must have felt it too, because she pressed herself there in a long slow rub that almost ripped Chance's control away entirely.

He'd grasped her hips and ground himself against her before he could form another thought. Isa let out a strangled noise, then her hand was ripping at his shirt while the other one tangled in his hair.

"Chance," she gasped. "I want you."

A blaze of exultation made his words choppy. "Not here. Come."

Chance picked Isa up and went swiftly to the guest room, not knowing or caring if Greta would object. Once there, he kicked the door closed and rent Isa's shirt from her with one hard tug. Her pants met the same fate, as did his clothes, until at last his bare skin pressed against hers. She blinked at the speed of his actions, but Chance didn't give her an opportunity to be bashful. He dropped to his knees, pulling her underwear down with him, and buried his mouth between her legs.

Her whole body shuddered. She would have fallen, but Chance gripped her thighs and held her as he took long, greedy licks into her wet hot depths. Her nails dug into his shoulders while gasping cries reached him above the pounding of her artery, so deliciously close to his mouth. She tasted salty and sweet, not unlike blood. The deeper Chance penetrated his tongue inside her, the more Isa shuddered against his mouth, until her cries became sobs of ecstasy. Chance licked her harder, faster, glorying in the rich scent of her lust and the fiery wetness slicking his mouth.

She ceased clawing at his shoulders to push on them instead.

"Now, Chance, now. Fuck me."

Something primal flared in him hearing Isa say that word for the first time. In response, he lifted her up and set her on the side of the bed, his tongue still thrashing deep within her.

A groan that ended in a roar came from her. "Damn it, for once, do as I say!" And she yanked at his head hard enough to pull out a clump of hair.

Her mouth flew open in horror as Isa stared at the dark strands around her fingers. Chance just laughed, fiercely delighted with her impatience and burning with the need to be inside her. He pushed her back along the bed until they were both stretched out, and then settled his hips between her legs.

His eyes met hers in the instant before he thrust forward. Her mouth was open, breathing in short rapid pants, and her hair was a dark tangle framing her wide cedar eyes. Chance groaned, wanting to tell Isa how beautiful she was, or that he'd never forget how she looked at this moment... but a more powerful need took over than the one to talk. He pushed inside her even as she arched up against him-and then he couldn't think anymore. There was nothing aside from the hot sweet embrace of her walls, the indescribable rapture of plunging deeper and faster within her, her sweat clinging to his skin, their scents merging into one... and the twisting spasms of her orgasm that seemed to squeeze his c**k with a thousand tiny hands.

Chance knew he should have let himself climax then, too. After all, if he were thinking, he'd remember Isa was tired and she'd had a difficult day from being shot, for God's sake. But he wasn't thinking. He only knew he didn't want to stop, so he didn't. He held her and kissed her, sucking on her br**sts or between her legs to tease her into a fevered state of excitement, before he'd plunge inside her over and over again. He finally allowed himself to come when he realized Isa was close to exhaustion. She was drenched in sweat, and her cries had a distinctively hoarse note to them.

Chance held her as tightly as he dared while his release rippled through him. It felt like his skin was splitting, the pleasure was so intense. Then a sensation of pure contentment settled into him, making him realize he couldn't remember the last time he'd felt that post-orgasm. It was wondrous, and yet also faintly terrifying. What if Isa didn't feel the same way for him? What if she woke up tomorrow and said this had all been a mistake?

Chance pushed those fears aside. Isa didn't seem the type to jump lightly into things, and she'd offered herself to him knowing full well what he was. There were no guarantees in life-or undeath-so Chance had to take things with Isa as they came. When was the last time he'd been so nervous/exhilarated over the future? Wasn't that worth the cost of a little fear?

Chance rolled them until they were lying on their sides. Isa was still gasping, her heart rate a constant staccato in his ears. He took her hand, kissing it, and her fingers stroked his cheek.

"Do you know what I'm going to do, first thing tomorrow?" she asked when she caught her breath.

He felt a grin tug his mouth. "Can I put in a request?"

She swatted at him with no strength. "I'm going to call every man I've ever had sex with... and demand an apology."

Chance laughed even as a surprising dart of jealously pierced him. It doesn't matter what happened before, he reminded himself. She's with you now. "Thank you, I think."

"Believe me," she said, settling closer to him. "Thank you."

* * *

Isa had been sound asleep, but Chance shaking her shoulder woke her. She blinked in the darkness of the room, barely seeing Chance put a finger to his lips.

"Someone's circling around the back," he whispered.

She glanced at the clock on the nightstand. It was almost three in the morning. Definitely not time for a social call.

Chance got up in a pale blur of flesh and was soundlessly out the window before Isa could even react. She had a second to be glad no one should be awake at this hour to wonder why a naked man was streaking around her grandmother's house, when a cut-off yelp made her vault out of bed. She didn't take time to hunt for clothes, but just wound the bed sheet around her and darted down the hall. Her grandmother's gun was in the living room where Isa placed it earlier. Sure, it didn't have silver bullets, but Robert or his goons would go down with plain old lead.

The back door opened and Chance appeared. At least Isa assumed it was Chance, not being able to see his face clearly in the dark. But really, how many other naked men coming in her grandmother's house at this hour could there be? Especially ones dragging a half-struggling form with him.

"Be still," Chance snapped, his gaze blazing emerald. The form quit moving at once.

"Is it Robert?" Isa asked, debating with herself on whether she needed the gun or not.

"No," Chance said, holding the other person's head up by their hair. "I believe this is your brother."

"Frazier!" Isa exclaimed.

"Don't turn on the light," Chance warned her as she was about to flip the nearest switch to verify that it was indeed her brother. "Close all the drapes first, you never know who might be watching this house."

Isa quickly went around and yanked all the downstairs drapes closed, then she nearly fell over in relief when illumination did reveal that it was her brother. Frazier was here, alive and unhurt-except for the dull glaze in his eyes as he looked at Chance.

"Er, can you snap him out of that?" she asked.

Her grandmother came out of her room right as Chance muttered something to Frazier that had her brother instantly back to himself and leaping away.

"Frazier, it's okay!" Isa said at once, catching Frazier's arm. "He won't hurt you... and where have you been?"

Her brother continued to back away from Chance. "Isa, who is this guy? What's some naked stranger doing at Nana's?"

"He's a naked, um, magician, and he's my new boyfriend," Isa stammered, flushing as Frazier eyed her very tousled hair and the sheet she kept dragging up around her.

Her grandmother just laughed, a bright tinkling sound. "Frazier, I'm so glad you're all right! I expect we'll all want to hear where you've been the past few weeks."

"I can't really say..." Frazier started to hedge.

Isa's fingers dug into her brother's arm. "The hell you can't! I've been forced to play fiancee to Mini-Mob Bertini this past month, because you told me it was a matter of life and death, so now you are damn well going to explain why."

"I can't," Frazier snapped, trying to tug away and surprised when he couldn't. "I only came here to make sure you were all right, I heard Spagarelli's got shot up earlier-"

"No thanks to you," Chance cut him off in a menacing tone. "If your sister hadn't been playing her role, then Robert wouldn't have been near her and the men trying to kill him wouldn't have shot Isa instead."

"You were shot?" Frazier blurted. "How? I heard you weren't even there!"

"She was shot at," Greta interrupted smoothly, with a knowing look at Chance. "Her presence wasn't revealed to the local police in order to keep her out of danger, since then the shooters would know a civilian might be able to identify them."

You go, Grandma, Isa thought with admiration. A hundred and twenty-six, and you're still quick on the draw.

But Frazier was shaking his head. "Don't need to worry about the shooters coming after Isa, Nana. They're dead. The Salucci brothers and their three top enforcers were found with their heads half ripped off outside a warehouse a couple hours ago. Bertini's being questioned now by the FBI, but the son of a bitch actually has an alibi..."

"How do you know all this?" Chance cut Frazier off. "This isn't information you'd get off the news."

Isa had gone pale upon hearing the description of how the Salucci brothers and their backup had been found, but Chance's question pushed that aside. How did Frazier know all that?

"You mind putting on some pants, buddy?" Frazier asked, glancing at Chance and then quickly away. "I gotta say, this isn't decent."

Greta tsked. "Frazier, you're such a prude. Still, Isa, Chance, he's not going anywhere, so you have time to find your clothes."

Isa didn't miss the steel in her grandmother's tone when she said Frazier wasn't going anywhere. Her brother didn't miss it either. He gulped.

"Nana..."

"You so don't want to upset me by arguing, dear," she said with a coldness that had Chance grinning at her. "Now, stay right there. Or I'll have Isa hold you at gunpoint until you tell us everything we need to know."

Isa smiled nastily at her brother. "Try me."

Frazier sighed. "Go on, get dressed. I guess I'll be waiting here."

Chapter 11

Three weeks later, her grandmother adjusted the veil over Isa's face. Isa stared at her reflection and smiled. Here comes the bride.

Agnes, Robert's sister, frowned. "You shouldn't have altered my mother's dress. Robert isn't going to like that."

"I'm amazed your mother was able to breathe, what with how it buttoned all the way up to her chin," Isa responded tartly. "Plus, this is my wedding. Not hers."

Agnes muttered something about how soon Isa would learn respect, which only made Isa's smile widen. No, she thought. Robert will.

Her grandmother handed Isa her bouquet. It was a beautiful arrangement of white and pink flowers that trailed to the ground in a tear-drop shape. "You look radiant, dear. Are you ready?"

Isa nodded. "Oh, yes."

Greta gave her a pat on the arm. "I'll see you in the front."

Isa watched her grandmother and her would-be sister in law leave, then she turned to the mirror again.

"So, how do I look?"

It popped out of the wall and was set to the side as Chance came out from the recently made alcove behind it. He took one of Isa's gloved hands and kissed it.

"Breathtaking."

She grinned. "Easy for you to say, you don't breathe."

"Sometimes I do." And he leaned into Isa and took in a slow, deep breath that was as intimate as a kiss. Chance had told her often over the past couple weeks how he loved breathing in her scent, even though certain times when he did it, it made her blush.

"You don't have to do this," he whispered, his mouth touching the veil near her ear.

"I've earned it."

And then some. Continuing to play docile fiancee while Robert informed her what her life was going to be like now that he'd finally attained his coveted "made man" status? Yeah, Isa had earned this.

Ironically enough, it was Chance who'd ensured Robert's acceptance into the unhallowed halls of the mafia. After Chance's gruesome eradication of the Salucci brothers and their three henchmen, Robert was welcomed into the syndicate fold. No one else had stepped forward to claim credit for their murders, so it was assumed Robert had done it as retaliation for their attempt on his life-and gotten away scot-free. That sort of clever ruthlessness was just what the big boys of crime were impressed with. In fact, two of the East Coast's most dangerous criminals were among her wedding guests. A gangster wedding wasn't an event one turned down attending, it seemed. There were just a few more guests here than Robert was aware of.

Chance glanced down at the bouquet in her other hand. "If you insist."

Isa's fingers tightened on it even as she gave him a grim smile.

"I do."

Which was the only time today she intended to say those words.

* * *

Everyone in the church stood up when Isa appeared at the doorway, and she began to descend down the aisle alone. One of Robert's friends had offered to give her away, but she'd refused, and in this, Robert hadn't pushed. He hadn't been the soul of capitulation over much else, though. Every detail of the wedding had been planned by him and Agnes. They'd wanted an impressive event, considering Robert's newly exalted status, and Isa's wishes weren't something to be concerned with. Robert's only other acquiescence was that Isa stayed with her grandmother in the weeks prior to the happy occasion. Robert thought it was because Greta had been feeling poorly. It was actually because she had a ground-floor house with a basement, which made it so much easier for Chance to come and go without being seen by Robert's spies. Robert still hadn't known what to make of Chance being there that day at Isa's restaurant. The last she'd overheard, he figured Chance must have had a twin brother.

Well, if you didn't believe in ghosts or vampires, Isa supposed that was the next logical explanation.

She smiled at Robert as she walked down the aisle. Not because she was happy to see him, but at how his face darkened when he saw the alterations she'd made to his mother's wedding dress. The once high-necked collar had been slashed to reveal generous cle**age instead, and the long fitted sleeves had been cut off at the shoulder. It gave Isa far greater range of motion with her arms, plus of course, it also gave the dress a sexiness that was well at odds with the prim virgin-Catholic bride she was supposed to be. Really, it was Robert's own fault for believing that. Who thought a modern woman would still be chaste at almost thirty?

She reached the dais and Robert held out his hand, glowering at her. Next to her, Agnes, as Isa's imposed matron of honor, reached for her bouquet so Isa could take Robert's hand. The older priest gave Isa a prodding look when she just stood there, not moving. Robert's frown turned menacing.

"Isa..." he said low and dangerously.

She smiled at him. A beautiful smile filled with all the joy over what she was about to do. And then she yanked the flowers off the top of her bouquet to reveal a .357 Magnum.

"Robert, dear, I don't," Isa said clearly, pointing the gun at him.

At that moment, the doors to the church burst open and multiple SWAT team members fanned inside. Her brother Frazier appeared behind them, shouting, "Justice Department, nobody move!" even as several of their guests at once attempted to disperse.

Isa only saw that from her peripheral vision, however, because she didn't take her eyes off Robert. A seething anger filled his gaze as he looked from Frazier back to Isa.

"Your brother's a f**kin' pig."

Isa smiled. "Yep, he's an undercover officer. Who knew? I just thought all that moving around meant Frazier couldn't hold a job. Thanks for inviting your mob buddies to our wedding, by the way. Do you know how hard it is to get them all under one roof, apparently?"

Robert's fist swung toward her, but Isa didn't flinch. With the blood she'd drunk last night as a precaution from Chance, it seemed like Robert was moving in slow motion. Isa fired, hitting Robert in the thigh. He fell to his knees as Agnes let out a cry.

"Hold fire!" Frazier yelled, but the members of the SWAT team had already been briefed to know Isa was one of the good guys. It was easy to pick her out, after all, being as she was the only one wearing a wedding dress.

"Fuckin' bitch... I'll kill you for this," Robert gasped.

"Ma'am, put the gun down now," one of the black-clad SWAT members said to Isa as Robert was quickly surrounded.

"You won't see me again," Isa said, lowering the gun only after Robert had been handcuffed. "In fact, you'll never see Paul or Ritchie again either."

Which had been something Chance refused to negotiate on. Isa already had a hell of a time convincing him that Robert needed to live in order to stand trial for the multiple murders, racketeering, embezzlement, and bribery Frazier had spent three years gathering evidence on. But Ritchie and Paul? Small potatoes.

Or, as Isa surmised right about now, dinner. They'd been assigned to watch the church's exterior in order to ensure that nothing unexpected happened. Like, oh, a few dozen SWAT team members barging in. But they'd mysteriously disappeared right before Isa entered the chapel. Chance hadn't wanted to leave Isa's side during Robert's takedown at the altar, but Isa flatly insisted. She'd been pushed around by Robert for too long, so he'd know, in the end, exactly who helped put him in jail.

She wondered if Ritchie and Paul knew, in their last moments, that they were merely Chance's consolation prize. Still, dead was dead, as Chance had once stated. Guess the end result really was more important than the motivation behind it.

Several of the men being handcuffed from the groom's side of the church gave Isa very cold glares as they were led away. Mentally she shrugged. Frazier told her that she and her grandmother would need to be sequestered by Witness Protection until after all the trials, but Isa had other ideas. Ones that involved the very gorgeous vampire with a lot of friends in grave places. Chance would keep her and her grandmother hidden far more effectively than any government relocation program, and a lot more enjoyably, too. Isa doubted Witness Protection could provide the same kind of extracurricular perks that Chance did.

He came out from the back of the church, shouldering though the throngs of people and flashing the special ID Frazier had given him. His face looked more flushed than usual, and when he reached Isa's side and kissed her, his lips were almost warm.

Oh yeah. Bye bye, Paul and Ritchie.

"Are you ready to go?" he asked softly.

Isa nodded. "Big, fussy weddings were never my style, anyway."

Chance laughed. "I'll have to remember that."

Frazier came up to them then. "Isa, you're going to have to come back with us and give a statement. Plus, uh, I'm sure nothing will happen because it was self-defense, but you're going to have to be booked for shooting Robert."

"Right," Chance snorted. "Come here for a moment..."

He put an arm around Frazier in a friendly way, ignoring her brother's stammering about procedure. Then when Chance had him mostly concealed by the tall cross behind the altar, Isa saw his eyes go green. A moment later when they walked back out, Frazier had stopped talking.

"We have five minutes before he snaps out of it," Chance said to Isa with a wicked grin. "I didn't think I should leave your brother mentally asleep for longer, considering his current circumstances."

"How are we supposed to get past all," Isa's hand swept out to encompass the multitude of SWAT team members, FBI, and police officers, "this?"

"Never underestimate the resourcefulness of a vampire, darling," Chance murmured. Then he led her quickly to the nearby confessional box, squeezing them both inside.

The panel slid open at once on the priest's side, and a pale blonde head appeared next to the privacy grill.

"What are your sins, my child?" a smoothly accented English voice asked.

Chance laughed. "Too many to list, Bones, and so are yours. If you don't mind, I'd like to add to them."

"Indeed. Desecration of the confessional, coming up straightaway."

There was a tear of metal, and then the grille separating them was gone. Bones-this was the vampire her grandmother spoke about?-gave a hard tap at the wall behind him and it fell away, revealing an exit had been recently cut but then dry-walled back into place.

"The rectory," Bones supplied, crawling through. "Let's not dawdle."

Chance and Isa climbed through the space as well. With all the commotion, there should have been sufficient sound coverage to muffle their escape, but soon people would notice that the gun-toting bride was nowhere to be seen.

Once inside the rectory, Bones gestured to the window. "Your car's across the street. I'll stay here and delay anyone who might have a mind to come after you. Best get moving, or Greta may take off without you."

"You let a hundred and twenty-six-year-old woman drive my Camaro?" Chance asked in disbelief.

Bones laughed. "You're older than she is, who are you to throw stones?"

"How old are you?" Isa gasped. Okay, so she hadn't gotten around to asking some things.

"One hundred and forty-three," Chance supplied, giving her a quick kiss. "But don't worry, darling. I don't feel a day over the century mark."

"Nice meeting you, luv," Bones called out as Chance swept Isa in his arms. He vaulted through the open rectory window at full speed, making everyone they passed look like no more than a haze of colors.

Across the street, Greta revved the engine of the Camaro. Chance dove in the open passenger door and Greta took off without waiting for him to close it, swinging the car into the street with a squeal of tires.

"Where are we going?" Isa asked, her head firmly clasped to Chance's chest. He had the seat reclined to avoid them being spotted-or so she guessed.

"Anywhere you want," he replied. "We have time."

Isa looked over at her grandmother, who was wheeling the muscle car around, and she smiled. Following your heart is always the right decision, Greta had said, and Isa agreed. That's what she was doing, so it didn't really matter where they went. Besides, Chance was right. They had time. All the time in the world, if she wanted.

"Surprise me," Isa said, and kissed him.<br/>

