Chapter One

Toby

She gazed down at me with a look of complete ecstasy before arching her back. I held on to her hips, letting my eyes take in every inch of her perfect body that was now completely on display for me. She moaned my name, making it even harder for me to stay in control. Casey was like a drug, and nothing was ever enough. I reached up to cup her breasts, and she moaned again. This time, it was louder, much louder. Then suddenly, there wasn't a moan anymore; it just stopped.

I woke up with a start. Another damn dream. I'd been having them with increasing frequency, and despite the disappointment I felt when I realized I was completely alone in my bed, I didn't mind the nighttime illusions. I was convinced that they'd become more than dreams soon enough. I lay in the darkness for a few moments until I remembered the news I'd received just hours earlier. Casey wasn't human.

Throwing on some jeans, I knew what I had to do. I walked out onto the balcony, glad for the easy access to the night sky. I let myself transform, enjoying the sensation of heat and power that came with extending my wings. I climbed onto the railing and jumped.

The night was quiet-or as quiet as two a.m. ever is in New York City. I crossed over the Hudson before heading higher into the clouds. I couldn't risk flying low for too long in the city. The less time I spent near populated areas the better. The wind rushed over and around my wings, adding to the experience. There's no feeling like it.

I thought about Casey. Did she know the truth? Had she been playing me? Those possibilities didn't make sense. Why would a royal Pteron live in a tiny apartment and serve coffee? It didn't add up. The obvious answer was she didn't know. That option sounded better to my ego, but it could also mean she was in even greater danger than we thought.

Even if she was in the dark about who she was, it still left too many questions. What about her sister? Surely Robert Laurent hadn't impregnated someone other than his mate twice. There was no way Casey had made Vera up. The emotion on her face when she described her sister's disappearance wasn't the kind of thing you could fake.

I thought about Casey the entire flight. There was only one way I would get answers. I needed to talk to her whether she liked it or not. Eric had given me the information for a reason, and the only reason that made any sense was that he wanted me to help her. Maybe the bear understood just how much I cared about Casey.

When the sun showed the first signs of rising, I turned back to my apartment and reluctantly landed on my balcony. The only upside of the morning was that I'd get to see Casey soon. After a quick shower, I got dressed and headed toward the first stop of the day-Coffee Heaven.

***

"Can I get you the usual?" Casey's glossy lips quirked into a friendly, yet hesitant, smile when I walked up to the counter.

I put a hand down in front of her. "No. I want something different today."

"Oh." She stepped back. "Like what?"

"Surprise me." I smiled, studying her as inconspicuously as possible. I needed to get a read on her. Did she know? Did she know I knew?

She crossed her arms over her chest. Her Coffee Heaven apron partially covered her red t-shirt. "You know you're opening yourself up to trouble by asking that."

"Trouble? This is a coffee shop. What kind of surprise drink could you make me?"

Her expression was neutral, but something was different. Her eyes seemed wider that morning, like she was seeing everything for the first time. I knew the feeling. I'd experienced it myself too. I was sure of one thing. If Casey did know, she'd just found out. That wide eyed look didn't last long. Soon it would be replaced by a complacency of someone who'd seen more than anyone else around them.

She turned her back to me and started making something in a blender. That wasn't good. Blender meant cold and sweet. I was a black coffee guy. She was doing it on purpose. She was trying to pick a drink I'd hate. Maybe some would take that as an insult. I took it as a compliment. She was going through the effort to annoy me. That meant she cared.

A minute later, she placed a light brown frozen drink in front of me. "Enjoy your surprise drink. If you change your mind and want your usual, just let me know." She smiled again. This time it was more natural.

I picked up the cold plastic cup. "I'm guessing this costs more too?"

"You really worried about the price, Toby?" She rested a hand on her hip.

I loved how she said my name. It rolled off her tongue. "No." I pulled a partially wrinkled ten from my wallet and set it on the counter. "Keep the change."

"How generous."

I shrugged, hoping she took it as the return volley to the drink insult. "So how have you been?"

"It's been an interesting couple of days." She looked around me to what I knew was a line forming.

"When do you get off? Want to hang out?" I prepared myself for the inevitable "no."

"I get off at eight."

My heart sped up. Was she saying yes? I tried to calm down. This wasn't about spending time with her. It was about answers. "Cool. I'll meet you here."

"See you then." She nodded at me in a way that let me know the conversation was over. She wasn't being rude, her boss had come out and she needed to get back to serving other customers.

I smiled at her then gave her boss, Eric, a look to let him know we needed to talk.

I walked outside, taking one sip of the syrupy sweet drink before dumping it in the trash. Even though Casey made it for me, I still couldn't drink it.

Eric got the hint. No sooner had I turned the corner than he'd caught up with me. "We can't talk here. All I'm saying is she knew nothing about it." Eric's large frame matched that of most of his kind. He was a bear, and although Pterons and bears rarely got along, we had something in common. Casey.

"How do you know?" I glanced around me. I didn't see anyone, but that didn't mean no one was listening.

"I just do. You have to help her. She trusts you." He shoved his hands in his pockets.

She didn't trust me as much as he thought. If she did, she probably wouldn't be spending her time with one of my least favorite people in the world, but if Eric wanted to think so, I wasn't going to stop him. "I'm going to talk to her, but you're sure your info is right?"

"Positive." His mouth tightened into a thin line and his eyes darkened. He wasn't messing around.

I hung my head. "Fuck. This sucks."

"It does, for her. I don't care what it means for your sex life."

I frowned. "I don't care about that. I care about her." I could care less about the stupid no Pterons being with Pterons bullshit.

"Good. I'll be in contact." He spun and walked back toward the coffee shop. I watched his retreating figure for a moment, still thinking about the paternity test and what it meant for Casey. Being a child of the former Pteron king wasn't something you could brush under a rug.

Although the conversation wasn't particularly helpful, it got rid of any lingering doubt about the authenticity of the claims. The paper had seemed legit, but it was Casey's eyes and Eric's expression that sold me on it.

Chapter Two

Casey

Being pushed off the Empire State Building may have been the best thing that had ever happened to me. I was still angry at Murphy, and I'd probably spend the rest of my life with recurring nightmares of the evening, but the end result was amazing. The rush from flying was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. I felt invincible, like no one could ever keep me down. The problem was the rush only lasted as long as the flight. When I finally landed and realized I was completely lost in the middle of nowhere, the reality set in. I wasn't human, and my family had been keeping the truth from me.

I needed to believe they'd kept me in the dark for a good reason, or maybe they didn't even know the truth. But a nagging feeling told me they knew everything, and if that was the case, nothing excused leaving me on my own to discover that kind of secret. Questions swirled around my head constantly. Was Robert Laurent my real father? And what about Vera? How did she fit into everything?

I brewed another pot of decaf. I didn't get why people drank it. I mean, wasn't caffeine the point of drinking coffee? It's like getting only a salad at a steak house. There are far better places to get your greens.

Meeting with Toby didn't seem like the best idea, but I didn't know where else to turn. Talking to my parents was out of the question until I found out more information. If they'd kept the truth from me for nineteen years, why would they suddenly start being truthful? I needed to have my own cards to put on the table.

Toby didn't owe me anything, but if anyone was going to help me, it would be him. I already knew Jared was going to flip out. He may have been a bad boy, but the Pteron dating rule was one I knew he wouldn't want to break. From the bits and pieces I picked up, Jared blamed Bryant's relationship with a Pteron for his incarceration. His reasoning didn't quite make sense to me, but we believe what we want to. Still, I had to talk to Jared eventually. Too much had happened for us to pretend otherwise.

I wiped down the counters again while trying to avoid Eric's stare. He'd been watching me for the last hour and a half of work. It wasn't his usual pervy stare-it was something else. It's like he sensed a change in me. I turned my back to him. Was that possible? Did he know the truth too? I'd debated calling in sick, but I needed the job, and I was too scared to fly again. At least not yet. Were there rules? What if someone saw me, or I got shot down for being in the wrong airspace? Okay, maybe that last fear was a little bit out there, but I needed to talk to someone. I really hoped Toby could help.

Finally, I couldn't take Eric's staring anymore. "Is there something I can help you with?"

He took a few steps closer to the counter. "Probably not."

I tossed aside the towel and crossed my arms. "Then quit staring at me."

"Any big plans tonight?"

"None that concern you." I leaned back against the counter.

"Seeing Jared again?"

I startled. How did he know I'd seen Jared? "No." We hadn't even talked. I was avoiding calling him, but why hadn't he called me? Maybe what happened hadn't meant as much to him as I thought. In theory, that would make things easier, for him at least.

"Toby?"

"Why do you think I'm seeing someone?"

"When's the last time you went out with your girlfriends?"

He was right. I needed to call Remy. She was down to working only one or two shifts a week, so I felt like I never saw her anymore. "Life's been pretty crazy."

"Doesn't mean you don't need girlfriends." His voice got all serious like he was my dad lecturing me.

"Okay..."

The bell above the door chimed.

I glanced over, unable to stop the smile that spread across my face. Toby was dressed down in khakis and a Lacoste shirt. Usually, he wore a suit. He looked nice dressed up, but he was the kind of guy who looked most comfortable when casual. Despite everything that happened with Jared, my feelings for Toby hadn't changed. There was a part of me that wished I'd never heard Nelly's gossip. It didn't matter anyway. I was a Pteron, so Toby and I were fated to never move beyond friends. That reality upset me more than it should have.

"Hey. Am I too early?" He looked down at his watch before meeting my gaze.

Eric shook his head. "No. Casey's free to go."

"I am?" According to the clock it was still ten minutes to eight. Eric never let me out early. I was getting even more suspicious.

"Sure. It's dead tonight. I'll take care of things until closing."

"Okay..." Suspicious or not, I wanted to get out of there. The knot in the pit of my stomach wasn't going anywhere until I got this conversation over with. As much I was going to miss the way Toby looked at me with longing, he needed to hear the truth.

I went into the back to clock out and grab my bag. I gazed around. I hadn't bothered with the lights, but I could see perfectly well in the darkened room. I'd always had decent night vision, but this was something altogether different. Had my first transformation given me the super senses Toby mentioned he had? I was just getting used to the wings idea-could I handle more?

"Bates? You okay back there?" Eric called me by my last name yet again. Some things never change.

"Yeah. I'm coming." I closed my eyes then opened them again. Flying didn't freak me out but having night vision did? I had problems.

Eric hovered in the doorway when I turned around. He had one of his large hands anchored on the door frame and his eyes fixed on my face.

"Quit creeping me out."

"What? I've got grounds to worry when you take too long doing things." He crossed his arms. Toby was surprisingly absent from the exchange. I guess he took the "Employees Only" sign seriously.

"If you'll recall, the last time that happened, it was your fault." I'm not one to lay blame on people, but come on, asking a girl to take out the trash alone, at night, when you know shifters are watching her-not the smartest move.

"Which is why I'm being more careful now."

"Yet you don't care that I'm going out with Toby tonight?" Going out? Maybe that wasn't the best choice of words.

"Toby's better than some other choices."

"Right." I pushed past him, pleasantly surprised when his huge figure easily moved with my shove. I guess super strength was another possible side effect. I didn't mind that one.

Toby was still standing in the same place when I came back out, just a few feet from the front door. "Ready?"

I nodded. "Yeah." I followed him out with no idea of where we were going. There were really only two places that could work. "Don't take this the wrong way, but my place or yours?"

He got a twinkle in his eyes. "What way would I take that, Casey?"

I shut my eyes tight. I wasn't supposed to get that shiver when he said my name. Not after what Nelly told me. Not after Jared. Not after finding out the truth. But I did. I reluctantly opened my eyes again.

"Let's go with mine. It's more spacious." His eyes studied me, waiting for my reaction. We had memories at his place. Recent memories I'd been trying to forget.

"All right." I tore my eyes from his face. He'd gotten a far off look, and I knew he was thinking about the first kiss. The one that felt more like perfection than any other kiss before or since. I shook myself.

In silence, we walked toward his apartment together. I'm pretty sure neither of us knew what to say. So much had happened in such a short period of time. In some ways, I didn't even know Toby, but in others, I knew him better than almost anyone else. Before long, we turned the corner to his street and reached his modern apartment building.

The door was quickly pulled open by what looked like a middle aged doorman. I knew better. "Hey, Cody." I smiled, knowing that underneath the disguise was a young Pteron.

"Hey, Casey. Nice to see you back again." I knew what his words implied. He assumed I was back with Toby. On the surface, it looked that way, and he had every reason to want that. For all he knew, I was the human his boss wanted as his mate. I wondered how he'd feel when he found out I was a Pteron too. My gut told me we'd end up as friends.

Toby nodded in greeting, his body stiffening slightly. I had no idea what that was about, but I followed him over to the elevator.

"It feels like it's been months since I've been here." Greeting Cody had broken my silence, and I decided to continue talking. Hopefully it would make things less awkward.

"Yeah, I know how you feel." He stepped out of the elevator on the top floor and unlocked his door. I walked in before he locked the door behind us. The sound of the lock turning was loud. I'd already added super hearing to my list of new abilities. The sound also signified I was alone with Toby. I shouldn't have liked that thought, but my body's response was out of my control.

"Can I get you anything to drink?"

"Oh. No, that's okay." I wasn't sure if I could handle a drink-alcoholic or otherwise-with the topic I wanted to broach. I walked across the room, careful to step over the pile of books on the floor. Toby's place was usually neater.

"Are you all right?" His voice revealed a level of worry and nerves I hadn't noticed before.

"Yeah. I'm okay."

"Since when can you see in the dark?" His voice came from right behind me.

"What do you mean?" I spun around. His face was inches from mine.

"Are you really going to pretend you can't see perfectly?" His eyes twinkled again.

"I'm not going to deny it. It's kind of a new thing." I decided to lay it all out there. Putting off our conversation would only make it more difficult.

"New as in..."

"Last night."

He reached a hand out and touched my arm. I looked up at him. His eyes were kind, and it gave me the confidence I needed.

"Develop any other skills you want to tell me about?"

"I'm stronger," I whispered. "And I can fly."

"So it's true." His eyes widened and he straightened his shoulders.

"You knew?" I stared into his eyes, searching for the freak out that had to be there. I didn't find it. He still looked at me with compassion and interest. "How long have you known?"

"I found out last night as well. I guess it was a popular night for revelations." He smiled. It wasn't a forced smile. It was the natural one that always melted my heart.

"I guess so." I looked out the window. The city view brought me back to the fear I felt when I thought I was going to fall to my death.

"Your wings are black." He said it as a statement and not a question.

"Yeah." The color of a Pteron's wings signified the bird they're tied to. I'd never particularly liked crows, but they did have a certain spooky, 'don't mess with me', feel to them I found attractive.

"Did you know he was your dad?" Toby watched me carefully.

"Robert Laurent? No. Of course not."

"I didn't think so." He stepped away, giving me some more breathing room.

"I need help." I let the words slip out. I didn't feel like beating around the bush.

"I'd like to help you. I know what it's like to suddenly find out you're not human."

"Wait. You weren't raised by Pterons? What about your grandfather?"

"I didn't find out what I was until I was a teenager. My grandfather showed up with my cousins. They nearly beat me to death before I transformed." His face didn't betray any emotion, but the experience must have been terrifying.

I decided to keep things emotionless too. "Murphy pushed me off the Empire State Building," I said like we were discussing the weather.

Toby's eyes bugged out. "He what? Are you okay?"

"My wings worked. That's a plus, I guess."

Toby smiled faintly. "I'm glad you still have your sense of humor."

"If I lose that, then you know I'm in trouble."

"Then we'll just have to make sure you don't."

We'll? I didn't want to read into it, but did that mean he wasn't going to shun me? Was he going to help even though I was a Laurent and related to the guy who took the love of his life? Did the fact that I had wings change the way he felt about me?

"How did it feel?" His eyes widened again, but this time it was with excitement.

"Amazing." There really was nothing else like it. If I closed my eyes, I could relive that first flight again. I'd never felt so strong and free before.

"Isn't it? It's like nothing in the world can stop you or get in your way. You feel powerful and limitless." His whole body seemed to come alive as he described the sensation of flying.

"Exactly!" Wow, it felt so good to talk about it with someone.

"Are the other side effects messing with you? I remember it took me awhile to get used to the night vision." He seemed lost in thought like he was imagining his own experience.

"Does it always happen the same way? You get the new abilities after the first time you transform?"

"From everything I know."

"This is all so crazy." I smoothed out my t-shirt.

"Have you told anyone else yet?"

"No."

"Not even Jared?" His smile faded as he said the name.

"No." With all of the emotions I was juggling, could I handle that kind of rejection? "He's going to flip out."

Toby balled his hands into fists. "He has no right to. You didn't know what you were, and anyway, who cares?"

"In his position, you wouldn't care?" I hoped he understood I meant if we'd had sex. I refused to say the words.

"Of course not." He grabbed my arms. "Why would that change anything?" His eyes were so open and honest. He was pleading with me to believe him. He really wouldn't mind dating a Pteron?

"So what now? Do you think Levi knows?"

"No. We'd know it if he did. I think we need to tread carefully, but we need to tell him. Keeping information from him will only make you look guilty, and you need him on your side."

"So you think I should see him?" The thought terrified me.

"I'm going to call Allie, if that's okay with you."

"Allie?" I'm sure my face looked exactly the way his did when he said Jared. I liked her, but I also felt so much jealousy it hurt when he spoke her name. "Are you sure? I know it's hard for you to talk to her."

"Hard? Why?"

"Come on. With your history..." Was he really going to make me pull it out of him?

"So?" He dropped his hands but didn't move away from me.

"I know how you feel about her. Nelly told me."

"Excuse me?" His body shook. "What exactly did Nelly tell you?"

I looked away. "That you'll never get over Allie and that I remind you of her."

"What?" He stepped away and put his head in his hands before turning back to me. "When did she tell you that?"

"In New Orleans."

"Is that why you ended things? Why you went with Jared?"

"I'm tired of being unwanted, of being the girl that always comes second." I looked away, hoping the tears I felt stinging the corners of my eyes wouldn't fall. I didn't need to show him just how vulnerable I was.

He wasn't having it. He cupped my chin in his hand. "I'm over Allie, and I like you because you're you. I can't believe Nelly lied to you like that." He looked down. "Or that you believed her."

"Why would she make it up? It makes no sense." I felt a twinge of guilt. Why had I believed her so easily? Was it because of Jared? Was I looking for a reason to date him instead?

Toby groaned. "My cousin was right."

"Right about what?" I assumed he was referring to Tim. His other cousin, Tom, barely talked. I wasn't positive what that relationship was, but they kind of seemed like his henchmen.

"Nelly likes me. I know how ridiculously narcissistic that sounds, but it's true."

I laughed dryly. "Your witch assistant likes you?"

"Why are you laughing?" he asked with alarm.

"Because of how dumb I am. I was so damn insecure I fell for it." And so willing to. The self-loathing didn't feel good.

"So you believe me?" For the second time that night, his eyes pleaded with me.

"Yes."

"Does that mean you'll give me a second chance?" The hope in his voice was palpable. Was he really so quick to forget what I did? More and more, I couldn't understand how I'd moved on from him so quickly.

I dodged the question, because I couldn't give him another chance. Not yet at least. "I'm sorry for hurting you. I was a bitch."

"No, you weren't. Nelly can be pretty persuasive when she wants to be."

"I was a bitch, but we both knew that already."

"Do you love him?" Toby's voice was low, vulnerable.

"No." I didn't know what I felt, but it wasn't love. It was more lust and passion. My feelings for Toby were passionate too, but they were twisted with friendship and companionship more than lust.

"Good."

"Good because you know he's going to break my heart, or because you don't like him?"

"Both, but if you don't love him, he can't break your heart."

"He can still hurt it." I looked down.

"Yeah, but a hurt heart is easier to fix than a broken one." His lips quirked into a small smile.

"Is that offer for a drink still available?"

"I have a better idea."

"Yes?" I asked expectantly.

"Let's go for a flight."

"Really? Now?" I didn't bother hiding my excitement. The thought of being airborne again thrilled me.

"Yes, but let's call Allie first. I want to get it over with."

As much as I wasn't ready, I agreed. Luckily, the flight would probably make things better. I already sensed it would be like exercise and would help relieve stress. The difference was, flying was fun.

I took a seat on the couch and waited nervously as Toby placed the call. "Hey, Allie. We need to talk."

I gripped the cushion below me. That phone call officially meant there was no turning back.

Chapter Three

Jared

I'd just drifted off to sleep when my phone rang. I'd switched it to vibrate, but the vibration against the wooden nightstand woke me up immediately. I picked up quickly, hoping it was Casey.

"Jared." Levi's voice bellowed at me through the phone.

I dialed down my disappointment. I wanted to see Casey, but I wasn't going to chase her. She'd have to come to me-at least for now. "Yeah, man."

"You need to get down here."

"Now?" I glanced at the digital clock. "It's almost one a.m."

"That's early for you. Get here." Levi sounded crazed, so I knew I didn't have much time to waste.

"You know I'm in New York, don't you? It's going to take a while."

"Just get your ass into my office now." The line went dead.

I couldn't afford to leave Levi waiting. Less than a minute later, I'd put on a pair of jeans and shoes and taken off. The nice thing about being a Pteron is you don't have to worry about anything as annoying as a plane ticket to get places in a rush.

The wind felt amazing against my wings, and I watched the city lights dance below me as I headed toward the country. Levi hadn't told me anything over the phone, but I knew it couldn't be good. Levi wouldn't wake me up without a good reason. He also wouldn't leave Allie in bed unless he had to, and he'd called from his office.

I tried not to overthink it. He was still pissed at me for sneaking into Angola, but this couldn't be about that mistake again. He'd already said his piece, and I was doing exactly what I was supposed to do-I was monitoring things in New York. Of course, sleeping with Casey wasn't in the description, but as long as I didn't let her distract me from my work, it was fine. I never let girls distract me, even ones whose bodies called to me in my dreams.

Three hours later, I landed outside my house to grab a shirt before heading down to the hotel. The manager wasn't a fan of us walking through the lobby shirtless.

Owen was sitting on the couch when I walked in.

"Waiting up for me?" I liked giving my roommate a hard time.

"Only because Levi told me to."

"What, was he afraid I wouldn't show up?"

Owen shrugged. "I don't know, he just said it's urgent."

"It better be. I flew three hours to get here." I walked down to my room and grabbed a t-shirt. I didn't put it on yet since I knew we'd be flying again.

"There's only one way to find out what's up." Owen picked up his keys and phone and headed to the door.

"Unless it's the end of the world, let's get a drink after. I could use one."

Owen smirked. "Trouble in paradise with Casey?"

"No." How did he know I was thinking about her?

"But you've seen her. What's the problem, bro? She too much for you?"

I grunted. "Let's get down to the hotel."

The flight took mere minutes, then we rushed through the lobby and down to the basement level of the hotel.

Levi was pacing the marble floored halls around his office when we showed up. "Took you long enough."

"Flying halfway across the country takes a while." I shifted my weight.

"Yeah. I guess you've lost your speed with your old age."

"Don't talk. You'll be twenty-three soon enough." I was only a few months older than Levi, but the joke was I was the old one.

"I don't fly as slow as an old man." Levi threw around those sorts of comments all the time, but something felt off. He didn't have his usual joking tone.

"What's so important you had to get us down here at four a.m.?" Owen asked. Pterons barely need sleep, but getting called in at that hour wasn't ideal for us either.

"Let's talk in my office." Levi turned and headed inside his cluttered space. He really needed to learn to clean up after himself.

I took a seat in one of the extra chairs. Owen sat down next to me. Levi kicked the door closed before sitting down behind the large wooden desk. There was still something weird about talking to Levi with the desk between us. It emphasized the boss-inferior relationship we now had. I didn't like it at all.

Levi leaned back in his chair. "Allie got some insane news tonight."

"Is she okay?" If Allie was hurt or upset it explained Levi's mood. He'd do anything to keep Allie happy.

"Allie's fine. This isn't about her."

"Then who is it about?" Owen glanced at me to see if I had any idea what was coming.

"Casey."

"What?" I coughed. "My Casey?"

Owen laughed. "Calling her yours already?"

"If he is, this is going to be even worse." Levi looked away.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

He put his hands behind his head. "My dad's an idiot."

"And this is news?" I grinned. Levi's opinion of his father was about as high as mine was of my father. Pretty damn low.

"He fucked around behind my mom's back." Levi practically spit the words. I understood his anger. Sleeping around on your mate was bad for a Pteron, but it was unheard of for a royal. It could also have huge consequences.

"Uh..." Owen stared blankly.

Levi closed his eyes then opened them. "It gets worse."

"Worse?" My voice wavered. I knew whatever was coming was going to be bad.

He sat up straight. "He got her pregnant. She had a daughter."

"What?" This couldn't relate to Casey. It couldn't. "How long ago did that happen?"

"Nineteen years ago." Levi paused. "It's Casey."

"No." I shook my head. I refused to believe it.

Owen stared at Levi. "Are you seriously suggesting Casey is your sister?"

My head spun. This couldn't be happening.

"My half-sister. Toby saw a paternity test. I had Georgina trace it. It's legit."

I got out of my chair and tossed it into the wall. The wood splintered into pieces.

"Whoa. Calm down, man." Owen spoke to me, but I could only vaguely hear him over my anger.

"Calm down? I fucking slept with a Pteron."

"You slept with her?" Levi pulled me back around to look at him. "You slept with my sister?"

"Oh, get off it, asshole. You didn't know you were related until a few hours ago. I'm the one who slept with the fucking girl."

"She didn't know." Allie's soft voice surprised me. I hadn't heard her come in.

"How would you know?" I turned and glared at her.

"She had no idea. She's freaked out. She turned to Toby for help."

"That just makes it better. She lets me fuck her then goes crying to Toby. Fucking perfect."

"She's a victim here too." Allie crossed her arms. "If there's anyone to be mad at it's Robert."

The door burst open and Levi's grandmother walked in. "Where's that idiot father of yours?" Georgina glared at Levi. I don't generally find old women scary, but Georgina was downright frightening when she was mad.

Levi ran a hand through his hair. "I don't know. He isn't picking up his phone."

"Make him. I'm going to kill him." Georgina curled her hand into a fist at her side.

"Did you have any idea?" Levi asked more calmly than I could have.

Georgina dropped a large handbag on the desk. "No, but at least we have answers."

"Answers?" Owen took a seat on the desk, careful to stay clear of Georgina's overflowing bag.

"In all of my research on Enchantresses, I never discovered any plausible rationale for their existence. I didn't find any explanation for why a human sometimes picked the king instead of the crown staying in the same family." Georgina paused dramatically. I resisted the urge to tell her to hurry up. Georgina wouldn't take that well.

"Now we have the answer." She paused again.

"And?" Levi didn't have the same restraint I did.

Georgina finally continued. "We're always warned that if the king or crowned prince steps out on their mate, they'll lose the crown-but it's not instantaneous. Instead, it goes down to the next generation."

Levi shifted uncomfortably.

Georgina glanced at Levi. "That's why Allie was an Enchantress." She gave Allie a slight smile. "Thankfully, you chose Levi."

"Seriously?" Levi put his arm around Allie. "After all the shit my dad gave me, he's the one who almost lost it all for us?"

Georgina fumed, her smile wiped off her face. "Robert couldn't keep it in his pants and almost destroyed our family."

Owen laughed. Maybe if I wasn't feeling so disgusted with myself, I would have laughed too. Georgina wasn't the type of woman to use that expression.

"I'm going to let him have it. I also have some apologizing to do to Helen..." Georgina looked off. There was a story there, I'm sure.

"What's next? Where do we go from here?" I needed to separate my feelings from what was going on. This news could potentially destroy the Laurents. It was my job to protect them.

"We find out who the mother is." Levi scowled.

"She may be a victim too..." Allie said the words lightly, but there was no softening what she was implying.

"As horrible as Robert can be, my son wouldn't rape a woman. But, that doesn't mean he wouldn't use his position for persuasion or to mislead her." Georgina turned to Levi. "Talk to him. You need to find out more."

"Me?" He pointed at himself. "What are you going to be doing?" His reluctance to confront his father was clear as day. I didn't blame him.

"I have a granddaughter to meet."

"What?" I lost the fight with my emotions. "You're going to see Casey?"

"Of course. She needs to be formally welcomed to the Laurent family." Her steely gaze set on me. "Not that I need to explain myself to you, Judd." I was starting to think she liked calling me by incorrect names. I also had a feeling she'd overheard the part of the conversation where I admitted to sleeping with Casey. Fantastic. Georgina was going to hate me even more now.

Levi narrowed her eyes. "But she's not really a Laurent. Dad hasn't recognized her."

Allie glared at Levi. "She's your sister whether Robert acknowledges it or not."

Georgina nodded. "Allie's right. That's why we're going to New York today."

"I'm coming?" There was excitement in Allie's voice. Of course, she was already planning slumber parties with her future sister-in-law.

"Yes. You've met her, haven't you?" Georgina watched Allie.

"Yeah. She's really cool." Allie smiled.

"Leviathan, talk to your father. Boys," she addressed Owen and me, "get a plane ready for us." She turned to Allie. "I'll give you a few minutes with Leviathan. Be ready to leave within the hour."

Allie only waited until Georgina walked out of the office before starting in on the questions. "When are you going to call her?"

"Why would I call her?" I knew I sounded like a jerk, but I had no choice. I'd slept with a Pteron. Worse, I'd liked it-no, loved it. My dad had my brother shipped abroad for doing that. I wasn't going to lose my position over a girl. We needed to pretend it never happened.

"Jared. Don't be an ass," Allie hissed.

"What?"

"You can't ignore her. Think about what she's going through. You promised you wouldn't use her."

"Yeah... I promised you that when I thought she was human. All bets are off. She's a Pteron. She'll recover. Besides, she's already gone back to Toby."

"She went back to him for help. That's different."

"Get off my back, Allie. This isn't your problem."

"Just drop it. He's not going to listen." Levi pulled Allie against him. "Are you really going to New York?"

"First of all, I'm not letting Casey deal with Georgina alone. Second, do you really think I have a choice?"

Levi laughed. "No. Definitely no choice. Have fun."

"I'll tell her you said hi."

Levi nodded. "Okay."

She squeezed his hand. "This is a good thing, Levi."

"I'm glad you see it that way." He kissed her lightly.

"I'll call you later." Allie kissed his cheek before turning to me. "And don't be a complete jerk." With that, she disappeared.

Chapter Four

Casey

People shouldn't knock on your door before nine a.m. Although I didn't seem to need quite as much sleep lately, I didn't enjoy getting awoken just as I'd finally fallen asleep. I rolled over, assuming it was the super telling me about some maintenance issue. When that happened, he usually left a note. The incessant knocking continued. The last time someone had woken me up by knocking, I'd met Jared. Something told me it wasn't him this time. And then my phone started ringing. With a sigh, I looked at the screen. Allie. Okay, that could be important.

"Hey," I answered as cheerfully as possible. Toby said she was interested in helping me. I needed her on my side, and in the little time I'd spent with her, she seemed to go out of her way to be nice to me.

"Hey. You need to open your door."

"Wait. Is that you knocking?" I struggled to sit up in bed.

"Uh, sort of."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I didn't like the vagueness in her words. It meant she wasn't alone.

"I can't explain. Just open it."

Reluctantly, I pulled myself out of bed and walked the short distance to the front door. We didn't have a peephole, so I was completely unprepared for what was waiting for me on the other side when I swung open the door.

"Beautiful." A woman, probably around eighty, barreled into my apartment. "You are truly a sight."

I looked down at the oversized t-shirt and shorts I'd slept in. I didn't need to touch my hair to know it was a mess. Beautiful wasn't exactly the word I'd use to describe how I looked at that moment.

"Who are you?" I asked the woman but looked to Allie for help.

"I'm Georgina, but you can call me Grandma."

"Grandma?" I coughed. But then things fell into place. "You're Levi's Grandma?"

"Yes. My son is your father." She took my head in her hands. "You are a spitting image of your great-grandmother. It's incredible." She stared at me for a moment before she dropped her hands.

"Did you know about me?" I wrapped my arms around myself. My world was falling apart. Meeting a grandmother I never knew I had might have been great in some situations, but in my current one, it just freaked me out more.

"Not until last night. I came right here."

"If you're worried about me staying quiet, I will. I just want to figure out more about my father and what happened." I stood my ground. I wasn't going to be pushed over.

"I'm not worried about that. I'm worried about you. How did you come to live in such a place?" She looked around my living room with disdain. Just like Toby did the first time. I tried to push away that thought.

I stood up as straight as possible. Grandmother or not, she wasn't going to put me down. "It's my cousin's. I needed a place to stay."

She made some sort of grunting noise. "You will be moving. I don't know anything about this cousin, but a Laurent doesn't live in such squalor."

I decided not to mention that I didn't have the money to move, let alone pay the rent on a better place. It didn't seem worth the effort. I was still trying to face the reality that I had a whole new family.

She mumbled something about realtors. "I hope you don't have plans for today."

"I work this afternoon." I'd picked up an extra shift. I was working as often as possible. It wasn't like I had much else to do, and I was still saving for college tuition.

"Work? Where do you work?"

"Coffee Heaven."

"A coffee shop?" Georgina looked ill. "You serve coffee?"

"Yeah... it doesn't pay great, but it's something." By the way she was staring with her mouth gaping open, you'd have thought I'd just admitted to being an exotic dancer.

She took a couple of deep breaths then let them out. "Okay. First thing, get yourself dressed. Allie and I will wait here." She looked around at the furniture like she was deciding whether it was safe to sit down.

"Okay... but then what?"

"We will worry about that when you're dressed." She looked confused. Like she couldn't imagine anyone questioning her. At least I knew that women got respect in the Laurent family. I already knew Allie spoke her mind, but boy did Grandma do it too.

Allie mouthed, "Don't argue." I wasn't planning on it. Something about that woman made her more intimidating than any of the giant paranormal guys I'd met recently. I also liked her. She seemed real, and I respected that.

"Okay..." I figured stopping for a shower was out of the question, so I slipped on a sundress and pulled some of my hair back and left the other half down. If Georgina was telling the truth about how I looked earlier, she'd be satisfied with my attempt. I brushed my teeth, slipped on flat strappy sandals and walked back out into the living room. I wasn't a big make-up person, but I remembered to apply some lip gloss before I met up with the others.

"Who is this?" Georgina held a framed picture of Vera. She sat on the couch while Allie sat across from her on the only chair in the room. The fabric on all of the above was well worn.

"My sister."

Georgina continued staring at the frame. "Where is she?"

"I don't know, but I'm going to find out."

"She's missing then?" Georgina set aside the frame and studied my face like it was a puzzle.

"Yes. She disappeared without a trace a few years ago, but I recently got a lead."

"And who gave you this lead?" she pressed.

I hesitated. I assumed Georgina was telling the truth about being my grandmother, but the whole "you're part of the family" thing could all be an act.

It's like she read my mind. "You have to trust me. I can't help you if I don't have all the details."

"Why do you want to help me?" People always had ulterior motives. Like Toby. I hoped his motivation was wanting to spend time with me, but I wasn't dumb. It could be something else entirely-like wanting to somehow use me to see Allie again. Argh. I needed to stop worrying about my love life at such inappropriate times.

"You're my granddaughter. I've always wanted a granddaughter, and now I have two."

Allie seemed surprised by the words, and Georgina noticed.

"I nearly broke down when I thought we lost you. You are also a Laurent-although why you insisted on putting off the wedding is beyond me."

"It's only a few more weeks..." Allie ran a hand through her perfectly straightened hair.

"Where are you getting married?" I jumped on the opportunity to change the subject. It would give me time to think.

"Hawaii."

"Oh, wow. I've always wanted to go there."

"You will be at the wedding, obviously, but let's stay focused." Georgina patted the empty spot on the couch next to her.

I tentatively sat down. I was always braver and stronger when I was standing. My confidence seemed to waver when I sat.

"What lead?"

I stood up again, needing to lead the conversation. "Do you know how I found out what I am?"

"Only that you were forced to transform quite suddenly."

"I was pushed off a building. The Empire State Building to be specific."

"By whom?" Georgina stiffened. "Who did it? They shall be punished for-"

"A bear."

"A bear? What were you doing with a bear?"

I laughed. I had to. Like I had willingly gone with Murphy? "It wasn't by choice, and I'd only recently discovered he was a bear."

"Who'd you think he was before that?" Allie asked. I'd forgotten that I'd never filled her in on all the details.

"He was my sister's boyfriend." I left out the part about him being the older brother of the guy who broke my heart and took my virginity. "They were dating when she disappeared."

"She was taken by bears then." Georgina spoke calmly, with no trace of emotion in her voice. I'm not sure if that was because she felt none, or because she was trying to stay calm for my benefit.

"Evidently."

"What would the bears have wanted with her sister? If they knew who Casey was, why not just take her?" Allie's forehead wrinkled in thought.

Georgia crossed her legs. "I don't know, but I think the secret to discovering the answer lies in you, Casey. I need to learn more about you. I have one theory, but it's going to take some research before I know anything definitive."

"I'd sit down for this." Allie gestured to the couch. "This may take a while." It was nice to see Allie wasn't afraid to speak her mind around Georgina.

I sat, sinking into the old couch cushions as I waited for Georgina to talk.

"How old are you, Casey?"

"I'm nineteen."

"And your birthday is?"

"January 10th."

"So that means you were born when Levi was almost four years old."

I nodded even though I didn't know exactly how old Levi was. It just seemed like what I was supposed to do.

"What do you know about your mother?" Georgina's voice softened an octave, and that scared me. It meant she was trying to cushion a blow.

"She's from upstate."

"Upstate New York?"

"Yeah. She spent part of her childhood in Vermont, but then moved to New York."

"And your grandparents on that side?" Georgina continued.

"They died before I was born."

"So you never visited her hometown?" Her eyes never left my face.

I shook my head. "No."

"And the man you thought was your father?"

"Yes..."

"Did you visit his hometown?"

"No... his parents also died before I was born." Wow, it seemed sketchy even to my own ears.

"And this cousin.... Who are his parents?"

"My uncle and aunt. Dennis and Debbie. Why?" Finally, someone I'd met.

"Do you know anything about them? Where they're from?"

"Also upstate, I think..." Had I really been that complacent? That naive? I'd never given much thought to how little I knew about my family. Mom got upset when I brought it up, so as a point, I didn't.

"In other words, you know nothing about your mother's side of your family."

"Pretty much." I sounded dumb, but it was the truth. No reason to sugar coat it.

Georgina appeared deep in thought, but then she suddenly stood up. "Let's go shopping."

"What? What about your theory?"

"I need to do some research first, but let's go shopping before we go down to New Orleans."

"New Orleans? I can't leave."

"Sure you can. You can even invite your friend. If my hunch is right, you can use all the protection you can get." Georgina walked out the door. I guess she wasn't going to wait for us.

"Protection? What's going on?" And was she talking about Toby?

Allie stood. "I wouldn't argue. She's not going to tell us anything until she's ready."

"I bet you're right."

"I am." Allie smiled. "Are you going to call Toby?"

"I'm not sure. I probably should do this alone though."

She nodded. "Yeah... I agree. Besides, Toby can get down there pretty quickly if you need him."

Chapter Five

Toby

She came to me for help. She didn't go to Jared, or even Eric. She came to me. Maybe it wasn't as big of a deal as I was making it, but it was enough of a start. I'd take it, and I'd make it more. I'd lost a chance with Casey once. I wasn't doing it again.

My determination was at an all-time high. The way she looked at me said it all. She missed me, and not in a completely platonic way either. If it weren't for my bitch of an assistant, she'd have been with me already. I crushed the plastic tumbler in my hand. At least I wasn't holding a glass cup. That could have been messy.

I leaned back against the couch. I'd have to deal with Nelly, but I wasn't quite sure how to proceed. My dad may have been human, but he taught me a few things about women. His number one lesson? Tread lightly with a woman who's been scorned. So maybe Nelly wasn't a typical woman, but that just made being careful more important. She wasn't allowed to use magic on a Pteron, but then again, she wasn't supposed to screw up the love life of a Pteron either. After some deliberation, I finally came up with a plan. I got up and headed down to the office after texting Nelly to meet me.

"You wanted to see me?" Nelly sat on the edge of my desk when I walked into the office. If I had any doubts about her interest before, they were wiped out by seeing her sitting in a barely there skirt and a partially unbuttoned blouse.

"Yes, I did." I felt my anger rising, but I needed to stay calm. Nothing good ever came from me losing my temper, other than the release of adrenalin I got when I transformed.

"This late at night?" she pouted in a way she probably thought was sexy but actually made her seem childish.

"The way I see it, I have two options right now."

"Options?" She sat forward slightly.

"Yes. Either I fire you and make sure you never get hired by The Society again, or I get you to make everything up to me."

"Make what up to you? And I take that option." She looked half excited and half nervous.

I decided to get rid of the excitement right away. "You ruined things with Casey. I'm going to fix everything, but that doesn't change the fact that you took away the best thing that's happened to me in years."

Her face blanched. "Toby, I can explain."

"Can you?" I crossed my arms, still fighting the urge to shift.

"She isn't good enough for you. You deserve better, but you were too blind to see the truth that was right in front of you."

"Oh, I deserve better, do I? And who would be a better option?" I pretended to mull it over. "It wouldn't be you, would it?"

"You'd have to be blind to not realize we are meant for each other." She licked her lips.

"You have to be blind to not realize I'm in love with someone else." My dad's warning ran through me, but she needed to hear this. She needed to get over any delusion that we'd be together. Even if I'd ever had interest, which I didn't, she'd have killed it by sabotaging things with Casey. The act spoke volumes about the person, or rather witch, she was.

"I was only trying to protect you."

"Do you think I'm an idiot?"

"No, of course not." She stood up without bothering to adjust her skirt. I averted my eyes. I had no desire to look at her exposed skin.

"You didn't do that for me. You did it for you."

"Toby, I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry if I mistakenly led you on. I know what it's like to want someone you can't have, but that still doesn't excuse what you did."

"How can I fix things? How can I make this better?" She actually looked like she might cry.

"You're going to help me without asking questions." I needed to get some good out of the mess she'd created with my life. I couldn't go back and change what happened with Casey in New Orleans, but I could make sure I kept her safe.

"I always help you."

"This is different. This is going to involve breaking some rules."

She smiled. "I like breaking rules."

"I know. And if you want to date a Pteron so badly, why not try Tim? He has a thing for you."

"Really?" Her excitement at the mention of my cousin's name gave me the confirmation I needed. She wasn't that into me. She just wanted to date someone in power. She wasn't the first.

"Go home, Nelly. I'll let you know when you're needed."

"Thank you. I won't let you down."

"You better not." I turned and walked out of the office. I hoped I wasn't making a mistake. I didn't want to keep Nelly around, but I was going to need a witch. And finding a witch who would keep her mouth shut wasn't easy to come by.

With Nelly on board, I needed to track down Eric.

***

I checked the number on the apartment before knocking. No one answered at first, so I pounded again.

"What the fuc-" Eric yanked open his door. "Oh. It's you."

"We need to talk." I was all business even though I wanted to laugh at catching the bear drinking some tropical drink. He didn't strike me as the type.

"And we need to do it now?"

"Yes. Is that a problem?"

"Only marginally." He held open the door so I could enter. He checked the hallway before closing the door behind us then set his drink down on a side table.

"Afraid you're being watched?" I glanced around the sparsely furnished apartment. Nothing in the place would let on that it was inhabited by a bear except for the Urusus symbol that hung over the mantle. The bears were a sentimental group.

"I know I'm being watched as are you."

I shrugged. "Nothing we can do about that. Are you bugged here?"

"No." He nodded yes. Nice one. Maybe Eric was sharper than I gave him credit for.

"Oh. Good. I really need to discuss the atlas deal with you."

He pointed to his coffee maker and nodded again. I knew what he was getting at. "What's there to discuss? We're not doing it."

Despite my frustration with having to regroup, there was something fun about a random code conversation. It made me feel like I was undercover. "That's too bad. We'll find someone else then."

"I guess so."

I headed to the door. "You're going to regret this."

"No, I don't think I will."

I left Eric's apartment and walked around for a while. I figured I'd give him a chance to get there first. Eventually, I made my way to the back entrance of Coffee Heaven. I knocked twice, and he pulled open the door. We both checked the alley before I closed the door behind me.

He didn't bother to turn on the lights as I followed him into the main cafe.

"At least you were smart enough to figure this out." Eric didn't waste any time before insulting me. I didn't mind. Bears and Pterons weren't supposed to like each other more than necessary.

"Impressive, huh?"

He pulled down two chairs. They slammed onto the tiled floor. So much for being incognito. "How did it go? How's she doing? She hasn't said a word to me."

I was right about her only coming to me for advice. I liked it. "She's okay. Just freaked out and confused."

"What's she going to do?" Eric paced the dark room nervously. Why'd he bother taking down the chairs if he wasn't going to use one?

I took a seat. Maybe he'd calm down that way. His pacing was making me nervous. "I called Allie... we're bringing the Laurents in."

"Are you sure that's the best idea?" Eric started sweating. Did he care enough about Casey to worry, or was he just worried about getting in trouble?

"We need to find answers. There's nowhere else we're going to get them."

"That's not true."

"Oh yeah, that's right. You could start giving us some."

Eric looked away. "You could try the cousin."

"Which? The one Casey lives with?" I hadn't met the guy, but she told me he was doing research in Russia or something.

"Yeah. Rhett. I get the feeling he's hiding something."

Rhett wasn't the only one hiding something. "Talk. What don't I know?"

"It's a good thing you're sitting down for this."

"What?"

"It's crazy." He finally sat down.

"Okay. What is it?" I shifted in my chair.

"Casey might not be pure Pteron."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean her mother, or at least the woman who raised her, who I'd assume is her birth mother..."

My blood froze. "What about her mother?"

"She's a-"

"Wait." I strained to hear. I knew there was someone or something outside. I was out of my seat in seconds. It was half a second later that I made contact with a body coming out of the back room.

"Casey?!" I gasped as I realized I was currently digging my hands into Casey's bare arms. I released her.

She glared at me. "And here I thought I could trust you."

"You can trust me."

"I can trust you to hold secret meetings about me... or wait, was it another Pteron you were talking about?"

Eric shook his head. "Calm down, Bates. We're just trying to help you."

"Help me? Helping me involves keeping me in the loop."

"What are you doing here, anyway?" Eric tried to deflect the questions from us.

"I forgot my phone here after work. I came back for it."

"Why didn't you just call, I'd have-" He smiled. "Wait. You couldn't call without your phone."

"Exactly. Now answer me. Why were you guys talking about me behind my back? Eric, I expect this from you, but Toby? I trusted you."

I took her hands, glad when she didn't pull away. "And you can trust me." She needed to believe me. I wasn't losing her again. "I didn't want to worry you if I didn't have to." I knew that wasn't a good enough excuse, but it was the truth.

"What were you going to say Eric? What is my mother? I can't wait to hear this."

"Are you sure you want to know?"

"Is she a dragon? Maybe a sorceress?"

"She's a bear."

"A bear?" Casey choked and stumbled slightly. I caught her, glad when she didn't immediately pull away.

"Fuck." The curse slipped out. A bear? Things were complicated enough when I thought her mom was human. But being half bear took complicated to a whole new level. And if the mom was a bear, did that mean Rhett was too? Suddenly, questioning the cousin moved up on my to-do list.

"Exactly." Eric leaned back in his chair.

"Is she really my mom?" Casey leaned into me slightly. "Like, by blood?"

Eric shrugged. "From what I know, but I can't be positive."

"And Vera?"

Eric sighed. "I don't have any more answers. All I know is your mom is a bear and she wanted my uncle and me to look out for you when you moved into the city."

"That explains the job."

"Yeah..."

"I don't even know what to think." Casey wrung her hands.

"Want me to walk you home?" I wanted more info from Eric, but more than that, I wanted to take care of Casey. Finding out she was a Pteron was one thing, discovering she was likely part bear was just icing on the cake.

She nodded and headed toward the door. "And I thought meeting my new grandmother was weird."

"You met Georgina?" I'd met the former queen when Allie was on death's door earlier that year. To call her intimidating was an understatement. At the same time, she also struck me as someone incredibly protective of her family. I only hoped she viewed Casey as family and not an unpleasant mistake.

"Good night, Eric," Casey whispered as I led her outside. "I won't be at work for the next few days."

"Why not?"

"I'm doing a shopping day with Georgina and then we're going to New Orleans." She stepped through the doorway and headed out into the night.

I followed and caught her hand. "You okay?"

"As okay as I can be."

"When do you leave for New Orleans? And a shopping day? When did you meet Georgina? What else is going on?"

She laughed. "Where do I start? That's a lot of questions."

"Start anywhere."

"Georgina and Allie showed up at my apartment. We went shopping once already, but evidently that isn't enough. I barely convinced Georgina to let me go to work this afternoon. She had someone tail me. I'm sure he's out here somewhere. We go down to New Orleans late tomorrow. She wants to show me "my city" and some other things."

"Fun." I smiled. I couldn't picture Casey shopping with Georgina and Allie, but I'm sure it would be quite the experience. I didn't mention that even before Georgina arrived she had someone tailing her. "Oh. Well, if you want to come back and hang out at my place..."

She didn't hesitate with her answer. "No, thanks."

"Fair enough, but call me if you need anything." There were so many things I wanted to say, but I sensed she didn't want to talk. I could give her the silence she wanted. I'd give her more than that. I'd get her answers.

Chapter Six

Jared

My life was starting to feel like a series of fuck ups, and I could blame it all on letting my emotions get the best of me. It was humiliating. I trained my whole life to have the ability to close off my feelings, yet I'd let them throw me off not just once, but twice. The first time with Bryant at Angola prison was bad enough, but Casey? Did I really have to go and have crazy sex with a Pteron? The worst part was that I enjoyed it-a lot, and some part of me wanted it to happen again even though I knew it couldn't. I couldn't want it. I couldn't want her.

I ran another few miles. I'd already lifted, and was nearly out of ideas of how to get rid of the stress. I needed to get my head straight and get back in the game. If I didn't, my job was gone. I wasn't going to let Levi down again.

"Trying to win a race?" Owen caught up with me. I'd been so wrapped up in my pity party I hadn't noticed his approach. I really was losing it.

"No, I'm trying to get away from your mother."

"Real original."

"Yeah, well, I'm not feeling particularly creative at the moment." I slowed down slightly.

"Get off it, man. So you slept with a Pteron. It's not a big deal."

"Not a big deal? And I didn't just sleep with her. I lost count of how many times we went."

Owen laughed. I wanted to smack him. "She hadn't transformed yet, had she?"

I sped up my pace. "No. Not if she's telling the truth."

"Then get over it. She wasn't even a real Pteron yet."

"Yes, she was. You're born a Pteron. You don't have to shift to become one."

"I give up, man. Just let it go. Or don't. If you like the girl-"

I stopped short. "What? Are you suggesting I knowingly hook up with a Pteron?"

"It's not like you want to mate with her. And even if you did... it's been known to happen."

"Shut up. Just shut up. It's never happening again." My body rebelled at my words. It begged to be touched by her again, to explore her-no. I couldn't go there.

"Fine. Are you going to do the research Levi asked you to do?"

"Find her mom? Yeah, of course I will. It's my job." Owen may have been my friend, but I wasn't letting him see any weakness. He was more loyal to Levi than he'd ever be to me.

Chapter Seven

Casey

"When would I ever wear that?" I held up the flimsy blue fabric Allie handed me. I hated looking a gift horse in the mouth, but I wasn't the kind of girl who needed lots of clothes-especially not lingerie. I was a cotton panties and bras kind of girl...usually.

"Hailey said you'd need lots of tight cami's and stuff."

"I'm sure I can find something better. This isn't my kind of place." I knew she was right though. I'd been all about flying with Toby until I realized I had nothing to wear. We had to go by my place just to find a tank top. I needed to start traveling prepared. It was tricky to find tops that provided enough coverage yet still left room for wings. Guys had it easy. They just went shirtless.

Allie laughed. "Not into shopping for lingerie?"

"No. Not exactly." Especially not with my new grandma. I spared Allie from listening to me expand on my dislike. Allie had been nothing but friendly and helpful. She didn't deserve to listen to my complaints.

Georgina finally left us alone. She'd been nice to me, but talk about overbearing. She'd already purchased a new wardrobe for me in less than two hours. We'd moved on to underwear and bras when she decided to take a call. I was glad. If she tried to make me buy thongs, I probably would have passed out. I also realized she was probably trying to keep me busy. I don't know what kind of research she was doing, but I could tell she was the kind of woman who made sure to get her facts right.

"I never thought much about lingerie, but now I do." She looked away with a tiny smile.

I nodded. "Yeah... Levi."

"Oh. Sorry. I guess he's your brother so...."

"That still seems weird. None of this really makes sense."

"Maybe not, but it is cool." She started sorting through some red panties. The girl was into red.

"Cool?"

"Yeah. You're a Pteron. You're strong, fast, and can fly. That's incredible." She didn't need to lower her voice. Georgina had gotten the boutique to close to the public, the same thing she'd done with every other store we'd gone to. The only employee working had gone into the back of the store.

I smiled. "When you put it that way..."

"What other way is there to put it? I mean, why focus on the bad?"

"Have you always been this optimistic about things?"

She laughed. "Not exactly. I guess Levi's rubbing off on me."

"Are you excited to get married?"

She hesitated for a moment. "Yes and no."

"Oh?"

"Okay, let's rephrase that. I'm excited to be married, but not about the wedding. Does that make sense?"

"You don't want all the hoopla and planning."

"Exactly. My mom and Levi's mom are doing most of it, but it just seems like such overkill since Levi and I are already bound."

"Do your parents know?" I still wasn't sure of the rules about sharing Pteron secrets. I also tried to ignore the pit in my stomach created by the mention of Levi's mom. My existence couldn't have come as a nice surprise to her. If it was even a surprise at all. Did she know about me? Did Robert?

Allie knew exactly what I meant. "No. I get the feeling that my mom knows something is different about the Laurents, but my dad hasn't noticed. He's just glad I'm marrying into a 'good' family."

"'Good' as in money?"

"Yeah. His business has been in much better shape lately."

"I see. It's cool that you don't view it that way."

"Money is great and all, but it can't buy you happiness."

"It can buy you a lot." I glanced at the shopping bags lining the wall of the boutique.

"Sorry. I guess that probably came out wrong."

"No. I get it. I'm used to having wealthy friends."

"Well, now you can count yourself as one of them."

"Not really. I mean, Georgina's spoiling me, but it doesn't mean I have money or anything. I can't even pay tuition."

"Yes, it does." Allie walked over to the counter with a pile of red. "Trust me. You'll be well taken care of. The Laurents know how to treat family."

The financial aspect of my new identity wasn't one I'd thought about yet. Still, as good as having some resources sounded, I knew nothing came without strings. They were going to want something from me in return. I was still wondering what the clothes would really cost me.

"You need to pick something out. Georgina is going to flip if you don't have at least one bag from each store."

"Oh." I hastily picked up a few camis with matching panties. Even if they were ridiculously over priced, at least they looked cute and fairly comfortable.

We checked out with a grinning clerk. From the smile on her face, Georgina must have paid well. Very well.

When we turned away from the counter, Georgina suddenly reappeared. For a human, that woman was stealthy. Maybe years of being surrounded by Pterons had taught her some tricks. I wondered if I innately had them too, just like the eyesight and strength. "Are you ready, girls?"

"All set." Allie grinned. "Where to next?"

***

Maybe one day I'd get used to flying around in a private jet, but that day hadn't come yet. I buckled myself into a seat next to Allie and across from Georgina. They both seemed completely at home on the luxurious plane. I closed my eyes for a moment, wishing I were more tired. Sleep was the only break I got from the insanity of my new situation, but now I barely needed it. So much had changed in just a few days. All it took was one shove from Murphy and my whole life was turned upside down. I curled my hands into fists. Just thinking about Murphy made me angry.

We were on our way down to New Orleans. Georgina wanted to do some research and show me a book or something. She also wanted me to really see New Orleans. I think it was her attempt at "welcoming me home." I had a feeling not everyone would be as welcoming. Would Robert be there? Did I even want to meet my biological father?

My back twitched. I wondered if that's how all Pterons felt when they flew in a plane. Maybe it was your body's way of rebelling against letting someone else do it for you.

"You're more than welcome to take a room at the hotel, but the guest room at our house is also open." Allie pulled me out of my thoughts.

"Oh. I couldn't put you out. I'll get a hotel room." It's funny how I hadn't even considered where I was going to stay. I really was out of it.

Georgina set aside a leather covered notebook. "Nonsense. Casey will be staying in my suite at the hotel."

"You have a suite there?" Allie asked. Had she actually been surprised by something the matriarch of the family did? I wasn't sure how I felt about staying with my grandmother, but I definitely wasn't staying at Allie's. That would be entirely too awkward.

"Of course. I also keep a full set of clothes. I never want to be caught unprepared."

"You have a place in New York too." It wasn't a question. I just knew it.

"Of course." She smiled. "For the time being, you can move in there, but the realtor seemed confident she'd find you someplace soon."

"That's generous, but-"

"Don't argue with me. You will not be living in that hovel anymore."

"It's not that bad."

Georgina grimaced. "You live in a closet."

"How'd you know?" I glanced at Allie, but she wouldn't have known either.

"There is only one bedroom, and by the mess of male clothing all over the place, I assumed that was your cousin's. I found your excuse for a room while you were getting ready."

"You snooped around my apartment?"

"No. I merely observed the housing of my granddaughter. I had to see just how desperate the situation was."

"You make it sound like I'm living on the street."

"You're a royal Pteron, Casey. You deserve only the finest of everything. You will get used to your new position in society quickly."

"Right now, I just want to understand how my mother ended up with a Pteron. You really think you can help figure that out?"

"Have you talked to your mom?" Allie asked.

"No. I figured I might as well wait." I didn't admit just how nervous I was about talking to her, or the fact that she was a bear. My gut told me not to reveal that information too soon.

"I pretty much avoided talking to my mom when I first started dating Levi. I know it's a completely different situation, but I understand where you're coming from."

"I just wonder if she knew..." I left out any more questions about Vera. Murphy said she was my half-sister, and so far, no one had argued she was Robert's daughter. So was she really Chris's daughter?

"You'll go home with more answers than you came with." Georgina leaned back against the plush leather seat. "I can't promise we'll figure it all out in the next few days, but we'll know more."

"I'll take anything I can get right now."

"You're not alone in this, Casey." Allie reached out and squeezed my hand. The gesture meant more than she could have known.

"Thanks."

"I actually had a question to ask you." Allie glanced at Georgina. The older woman smiled and nodded.

"I'd love it if you'd be a bridesmaid for me. Would you be up for it?"

I sat up in my seat. "Oh. Don't feel like you have to include me. I'm perfectly happy going as a guest."

"I want you to be in the wedding party. It's important to me." Her smiled seemed genuine, but I hoped she wasn't asking out of a sense of obligation.

I pushed my concerns aside and gave the only answer I could. "Then, of course."

"Terrific. We'll have to get your dress made." Allie seemed relieved, like she'd been worried I'd say no.

I settled back into my seat, wondering how my life could possibly get more complicated. The problem was, I had a feeling it would.

Chapter Eight

Toby

Interrogating people wasn't my favorite activity, but I was getting used to it. The trick was to intimidate while using the least force necessary. Pain could make someone talk, but it could also shut them down. The hardest type of interrogations were those of people you didn't have any concrete evidence against, you just needed information.

"Hello? Is anyone going to tell me what I'm doing here?" An annoyed man's voice called from down the hall. We were using one of the soundproof rooms at The Society's New York headquarters. One perk of being in charge was never having to ask permission to do something-unless Levi wanted to butt in.

"Hello?" he called again, this time more tentatively. It's surprising how quickly some people lose confidence.

I took a deep breath, stretched, and headed down the long corridor. I had Nelly stationed and ready to go when I needed her services. Tim and Tom flanked her to make sure she didn't act out and mess anything up.

I observed the man. His hair was short, but he had a layer of scruffy facial hair. By the red rimmed appearance of his eyes, he hadn't slept recently. Some of that was my fault, some wasn't. I stepped into the room. "Hello, Rhett." Eric had told me Casey's cousin had answers. I wasn't going to sit around and wait.

He glanced up, tugging on where his arms were tied to the chair. I remained in the shadows. There was no reason to give away my identity yet.

"Who the hell are you?"

"That doesn't really matter." I watched him. Was he a bear? From first glance, I doubted it. He looked more the nerd than the shifter, but maybe that was all part of it. He didn't want anyone to know how strong he actually was.

"Like hell it doesn't. I get dragged back here with no explanation. On what authority can you hold me against my will?" He seemed to see quite clearly even though his wire rimmed glasses were in a broken heap on the floor. I assumed one of my men had broken them, but considering I was almost 100% positive the lenses weren't prescription, I didn't worry about it. Shifters tended to have perfect vision.

"Under the authority of The Society."

He didn't blink, and his lack of response was a dead giveaway. He knew all about The Society.

"Why? What does The Society want with me?"

"So you're admitting knowledge of us?" At least he wasn't going to pretend to be human.

"Yes. I wouldn't be here if you didn't already know what I was."

"You're a bear." No reason to beat around the bush.

"What? No jokes about how I'm the smallest bear you've seen?"

I smiled. The guy had a sense of humor. Maybe it ran in the family. "What were you doing in Russia?" It hadn't taken my men long to apprehend Rhett and bring him back. It was all too coincidental. The generous cousin that let her live in his apartment just happened to be away when she's taken by Murphy? I wasn't buying it.

"Research. I'm working on my PhD at NYU. I was doing field research. "

"In anthropology, am I right?" Casey had let that little detail slip.

"Yes. What does that have to do with The Society?"

"Who do you work for?"

"Excuse me? I just told you I'm at NYU."

I stepped out of the shadows. "No. That's the school you're affiliated with. Who do you work for?"

"Toby? I should have known."

"Glad to know you recognize me."

"You don't know who you're messing with. Just drop this. It's not worth it."

"Not worth it?" I felt the anger boiling, and I took it out on the table, pounding my fist on the wooden tabletop. "She's worth it."

"Who? Who's worth it?" His blank expression made me wonder if he was telling the truth. He was hiding something, but maybe he didn't have all the pieces.

"Casey."

"Stay the hell away from her!" His voice rose and his face hardened.

"No. I'm not staying away from her. I'm protecting her."

"Protecting her? I doubt that."

"Who do you work for?"

"First tell me something. Is Casey all right? I haven't heard from her since I left."

"She's fine." I hoped she was. I didn't want to let her go to New Orleans, but what excuse did I have to stop her?

"You still haven't told me why you brought me in here. Why am I tied to this stupid chair?" He fought against the ropes again.

"Because I know you're hiding something."

"I can't tell you anything. I'm not putting my cousin in danger."

"Why? Casey's already in danger anyway."

He closed his eyes then opened them. "I was hoping you wouldn't say that."

"I can't protect her unless you tell me everything you know."

He looked down. "You're not letting me out of here until I talk, are you?"

"No." I leaned over him. "And I can make this a lot less comfortable for you."

He shivered slightly. "They already have Vera. I'm not working for them directly but I have delivered a few messages for Murphy. I want to shelter Casey. Pretending to support them is the best way."

"What kind of messages? Start talking."

"It's going to take a while. Can I get some water or something?"

I needed to do something. He was far too comfortable and relaxed. He wasn't motivated enough. I kicked the table, pinning Rhett against the far wall. "Does it look like I'm going to give you water?"

He struggled to speak. "Fine."

"Talk."

"I don't know what's in the messages. I just take them and leave them with someone else. Always someone different."

I filed away that thought and moved on to another question. "What do they want with Casey? Do they want to use her against the Laurents or something?"

"That's got to be part of it." He swallowed hard.

I nodded. Ready for him to continue.

"The Pterons have held the power for years. They've ruled at the exclusion of other shifters."

"Yes, for centuries." What was he getting at?

"But not everyone is happy about that."

"No kidding." I stared him down. "Tell me something I don't know."

He sighed with disdain.

I pushed the table harder against his chest. "Tell me."

"What do you know about shifter genetics?"

"The shifter gene is dominant." I wasn't sure I'd ever heard anything else. Reproduction wasn't something I thought about much.

"But what about if there are genes from different shifter types?"

"The more dominant type takes over."

"Sometimes, but not always. There are times when this creates non shifter children." He watched. "Do you understand the significance of that?"

"Yes." A light bulb went off. Is that why we weren't supposed to mate with other shifters? Was it out of fear of creating non Pteron children? And what if two Pterons mated? Did that rule stem from the same fear?

"There haven't been too many cases of Pterons and other shifters producing children, but when the child turns out to be a Pteron, they are often extremely strong physically, but they lack some other critical traits of Pterons."

"Like what? What do they lack?"

"They can't protect their minds. They are just as susceptible to witchcraft and mind control as non Pteron shifters."

"So Casey is fully susceptible to magic. Even to persuasion." My thoughts went immediately to Nelly. Did she mess with her mind? Is that why she jumped to Jared so quickly? Then the rest of the implications set in.

My body tensed. "And they want to use Casey..." A royal Pteron with an unprotected mind made Casey an easy target. I had to find out if Nelly had really been able to influence her. I also had to make sure the Laurents didn't find out before I came up with a plan. This was dangerous information we couldn't have getting out.

He didn't hesitate with his answer. "Yes. I don't know what they have planned, but it all has to connect."

"Why are they bothering with Vera?"

He paled.

"Just tell me." I pounded on the table again.

"She went willingly." He looked down.

"What does that mean?"

"It means she went with him willingly. Don't ask me why, because I don't have an answer to that one. It wasn't like Vera. She was so protective of Casey, it never made sense."

"Then why do you think she went willingly?"

His shoulders slumped. "I don't know. She fell hard for Murphy and started spending all of her time with him."

"But maybe he took her. Why don't you believe that?"

"Because she told me she was leaving."

"What?" I tossed the table aside. "Why didn't you stop her?"

"I should have. I figured she'd come back." He looked away again, but I definitely saw shame cross his face. "I'm trying to protect Casey."

"Then be honest with me."

"I am being honest!" he roared. "These are my cousins we're talking about. Don't you think I care?"

"Not as much as me." I mumbled the words but he heard them.

"You're in love with her."

I didn't say anything. I knew he'd take my silence for the yes it was.

"Even knowing what she is?"

"I really don't care what she is. She's still Casey." It felt good to say those words out loud to someone. Hopefully Casey believed they were genuine. In some ways, finding out she was a Pteron made my feelings stronger. We had so much in common, I could relate to her in a way I wasn't sure I could relate to anyone else.

"Then take care of her."

"Do you know where Murphy is?" Whether Vera was there willingly or not, we had to find him. Casey wouldn't be safe until he was taken care of.

"No, but Murphy isn't who you need to worry about."

"What do you mean?" Was he going to spring another surprise on me?

"Murphy's not smart enough to mastermind all of this. He's working for someone else."

"Who?" I pulled him up by his collar. "Who is he working for?"

"I don't know. They only call him 'the boss.'"

"The boss. Really?"

"Not particularly original, but it's the only name I've heard." He looked away.

"We need to find him."

"I don't think we can. You probably can't find Murphy either. He keeps himself well hidden. I've searched for him for months. The messages I get are always through a third party."

"Searching in Russia?"

"No, but before then. I didn't want to do field work, but the department head made me go. It came out of the blue, and I couldn't say no to the position."

My guess was the assignment wasn't a coincidence. They wanted the cousin out of the way, but I kept my thoughts to myself. "We have to find them. I'm not going to let her get used as a pawn."

"I want to protect her too. That's why I had her move in with me when she had to leave school. I figured the best way to keep an eye on her was to have her under my own roof."

"Until you left..."

"Don't remind me." His regret and guilt was clear on his face.

"Did you know her well growing up?" This wasn't part of the interrogation, but I was dying to know more about Casey. Maybe discovering more about her past would help me protect her better in the present.

"Yes and no. I knew Vera better. I tried to get more involved when Vera left, but her mom didn't want her getting too close. She knew Casey was in for a rough road no matter what she was."

"I wonder how her mom got involved with the Pterons," I thought out loud.

"She's never talked about it. Neither have my parents." He coughed, making me feel slightly bad about denying the water. "But she's a good woman. A good mom. It never really added up."

"Casey took Vera's leaving hard." I stated the obvious, hoping to get more info.

"Very. She really curled up inside herself. Casey's never had many friends, and after Vera left, she pretty much stopped talking to the few she had."

I made a decision. "I have to tell her. She has to know about Vera."

"Does she? Will it help her to know her sister abandoned her?" He sighed. "Either way, I need to find Vera. She doesn't belong with those kind of bears. She's good through and through."

"Did she know she was a bear?" The question came to me, and the answer seemed especially important.

"No. Their mom didn't want them to know..." He closed his eyes then opened them. "But I'm pretty sure she knew when she left. Maybe that's why she went with them."

"Does she know what Casey is?" I asked the question out loud even though I assumed he didn't know the answer.

"If Murphy told her. But, of course, no one knows for sure if she can shift into a Pteron."

"She can shift. There's no doubt about that." I thought about her elegant, black wings.

"Really? Has she flown?" There was an excitement on Rhett's face that felt strange considering the rest of the conversation.

I ignored him, keeping my memories of our first flight to myself. There was something amazing about flying with someone you love. Holding her would have been one thing, but watching her stretch her wings and discover the experience herself was something incredible. "I don't know when I'll tell Casey, but she needs to know about Vera."

"Just remember, they usually shoot the messenger."

"Yeah, I know." I backed away. I was done intimidating him.

"Where's Casey?"

"With the Laurents."

He paled. "Do they know who her mom is?"

"No. Casey knows she might be a bear, but..."

"Make sure she doesn't tell them." His face reddened.

I nodded, secrecy was essential. "I will. You'll be hearing from me."

"You're letting me go?"

"Yes. But make no mistake you're being watched."

"Gotcha. I have to do what I have to do."

"Oh, one more thing."

"Yes?"

"Nelly? We're ready for you."

Nelly, dressed in a tailored suit, walked in. "Just the way we discussed?"

"Yes. Do it."

I excused myself from the room. I couldn't be seen by Rhett again.

Nelly stood in front of him and closed her eyes. I didn't understand the strange words she chanted, but I recognized them. She'd used it on my friends before.

From the hallway, I heard Rhett's voice. "Where am I? What happened?"

You could never be too safe. Besides, someone who caved that easily was a dangerous person to work with. He'd give up everything in a pinch.

I headed back to my apartment but texted Casey first. Keep your mom to yourself.

Her text came back immediately. I am.

I wanted to tell her everything else, but I couldn't do it over the phone. Her phone was almost for sure compromised. I also had to broach the Vera conversation carefully. Beyond her getting upset with me for it, I knew she wouldn't take it well. I hoped that Rhett was wrong. Or, if he was right and she did go willingly, that she had a good reason for it. I pocketed my phone, hoping Casey was planning to return to New York soon. If not, I was going down to New Orleans after her.

Chapter Nine

Casey

My first day in New Orleans wasn't particularly exciting. I spent most of it talking with Georgina and getting my measurements taken. My grandmother had introduced me to one of her seamstresses within an hour of landing. After getting everything set for my bridesmaid dress, Georgina decided it was time for me to meet the "important members of the community." The names and faces blurred together, and I couldn't even remember who was human and who wasn't. Finally, when I thought I couldn't take any more introductions or questions, Allie rescued me with an invitation to come by her house. I didn't think it over long. I quickly excused myself from Georgina and her friends, and I waited for Allie in the lobby.

As glad as I was to have a break from Georgina's constant appraisal, I wasn't sure if hanging out at Allie and Levi's mansion sounded any better. The fact that I was about to come face to face with my half-brother was hard to swallow. Allie assured me he'd be nice, but the guy made me nervous before I knew we were related. Now it seemed even scarier to see the king. I was beginning to see a pattern with the Laurents. They were all intimidating. I couldn't imagine how much scarier Robert was. I laughed to myself as I imagined calling him Dad. I'm sure his reaction would be priceless.

"Are you coming?" Allie gave me a sympathetic smile as she leaned into the driver's side of her lavender Land Rover. She'd hopped right out, probably expecting me to do the same.

I was holding on to my seat for dear life. "Do I have to?"

She laughed. "I promise he's not going to bite. I think it's better you talk to him at home first. He's just Levi here. He kind of changes in his office. He jumps into 'king' mode."

"When you put it that way..." I knew I couldn't put it off forever. Short of hiding out in a cave for the rest of my life, I was going to have to talk to him.

"Come on. I promise it will be okay."

I breathed out a few times before forcing myself to get out of the car. I wasn't sure why Allie was being so nice to me, but I appreciated it. If I was going to face my new Pteron identity, I couldn't do it alone. Toby was helpful, but he wasn't a Laurent. As little as I knew about The Society, I understood that it was controlled by the Pterons, and that the different ruling families didn't exactly get along.

After walking up the front steps and reaching the expansive porch, complete with large white columns, Allie pushed open the front door. I reluctantly followed, trying to ignore the twisting of my stomach. Couldn't becoming a Pteron come with super courage?

"Casey, hey!" Hailey barely let me walk into the foyer before she pulled me into a hug. For a girl I'd only met once, she was really friendly. But maybe it wasn't about having met me. It could have just been a Pteron thing. It's funny how much had changed in the short time since I was last in New Orleans.

"Hey, Hailey." I untangled myself from her embrace, feeling more relaxed than I'd been before the hug. Having a female Pteron to talk to might really come in handy.

I looked up from Hailey and immediately locked eyes with Levi. I froze. What does one say to their half-brother who also happens to be a paranormal king?

Luckily, he didn't have the same problem. "Hey, sis." He cracked this big goofy grin that immediately put me at ease. A hand gently patted my back, and I knew it was Allie.

"Hey, bro." I fought to keep a somewhat straight face. At least he wasn't hugging me or anything that awkward.

"This should be taped. Could you think of a better episode for one of those talk shows?" Hailey laughed. "Paranormal royal siblings meet for the first time."

I shook my head. "I'll pass, besides we've met before even if we didn't know we were related." The momentary ease started dissipating. This was really happening.

"Come on in." Levi gestured for me to walk into the main area of the house. My breath hitched. The place was even more of a mansion than it looked on the outside. Each room was neat and perfectly furnished. The pieces were mostly white and beige with red accents. I still couldn't quite comprehend how people close to my age could have such a place. Toby and Jared had fancy apartments, but this was something else altogether.

"It's over the top, I know." Allie gestured for me to take a seat on a beige couch. "This was a bribe-I mean gift-from Levi's parents." By the sparkle in her eye, the slip was very much intentional.

Levi's parents. That meant his dad-my dad.

"Nice. I wouldn't complain if I had to live in a place like this."

"I'm sure Georgina is going to find you an awesome place in New York, but if you want a place down here, we could find you a great one." She pushed Levi's arm. "Right?"

"Of course. You're family."

I forced a smile. "Yeah. Family." I was tired of the act. Levi couldn't be that okay with the situation. He'd found out that his parents' relationship wasn't as perfect as he thought. Judging by how upset I was at finding out that my family was also less than what it seemed, I couldn't imagine he was very happy to have me around.

I took a seat on the couch, and Hailey sat down next to me. Allie and Levi sat across from us. He rested his hand on her leg. "How has the adjustment been? Finding out you are a Pteron couldn't have been easy."

"It's been interesting." That was honest.

"Interesting? What's your favorite part?" He surprised me with the question. He seemed to legitimately want to know.

I didn't need to think about my answer for long. "Flying. It's definitely flying."

He grinned. "Yeah, I figured. There's nothing quite like it, is there?"

"No. It's a high like no other. I thought flying with Jared was cool, but doing it myself is so much better." My stomach turned at Jared's name. I was still terrified of facing him.

"Everything without Jared is better," Hailey mumbled. Did she really dislike Jared, or was it a show of support? Then she smiled. "I had to say it. I'd usually let one of the guys do it, but Levi's not going there."

"Going where?" His forehead crinkled.

"Doing it yourself is so much better than doing it with Jared..." She bumped her shoulder into mine.

I groaned.

"Hailey..." Allie glared.

"Oh, come on. It was too perfect. I had to go for it."

I forced a laugh. If the situation had been a little different, I might have laughed for real.

Levi smiled, probably trying to hold in a laugh of his own. "We'll have to fly together sometime." Levi's words seemed to surprise even Allie. She tried to hide the surprise, but the expression on her face betrayed her. She'd told Levi to be on good behavior, but this particular suggestion wasn't one of hers.

His words seemed genuine. Maybe he understood me. Maybe he understood just how alone and confused I was. "Sure. That would be nice."

"Although many of the Pteron traits come naturally, we all need training. You will be assigned a mentor to work with you over the next few months."

"Months? I need to go back to New York." Although considering the circumstances, I doubted Marty and Eric would fire me, but I still couldn't take that much time off.

"You can come and go as needed. The benefit of wings is that travel isn't quite as big of an inconvenience." Oh. Flying from New York to New Orleans? I hadn't even considered the benefits of wings for long distance travel. I'd been focusing on the rush of it all still.

"Who's my mentor?" His answer would determine whether I agreed or not.

"My first choice isn't being cooperative, but Hailey has graciously offered to work with you."

"Oh. Awesome." I smiled at Hailey and tried to hide the ache in my chest. I knew who his first choice was, and his response meant one thing. Jared wanted nothing to do with me.

I mustered all my courage. "You can tell him I'd prefer to work with Hailey anyway. Women tend to be far superior teachers than men."

Levi looked at me for a second then smiled. "Now you're starting to sound like a Laurent. Hold on to that confidence. It's going to be a bumpy ride."

"Don't I know it?"

"Can we start tonight?" Hailey looked at me even though I knew she was asking Levi.

"By start, do you mean actually training or going out?" he asked.

Hailey didn't hesitate. "We're going out."

He laughed and turned to Allie. "I'm guessing you're going with them?"

"Yeah...I'd ask you to come, but you're not invited."

He shook his head and smiled. "Gotcha. Have fun."

I sighed with relief. Hanging out with Allie and Hailey was something I could handle. I happily followed them out the front door after a quasi-awkward goodbye with Levi. I wondered if I'd ever truly consider him a brother. Despite his charm and attempts to put me at ease, he was still more daunting than welcoming.

"Let's take your car, Allie. It's more comfortable." Hailey walked over to the back door on the driver's side.

"Oh. You can have the front," I quickly offered. I was still the new girl. I wasn't going to step on any toes.

"No. I insist. You'll have a better view of the city that way."

Arguing seemed pointless, so I got into the front seat. "Where are we going?" I looked down at my jeans and black t-shirt. I hoped I was appropriately attired for an evening out wherever we went.

Allie started the car. "Are you thinking college bar, tourist place, or just local?"

"Can we go somewhere and listen to music?" I hoped I wasn't pushing my luck, but I needed a distraction that only music gave me.

Allie pulled out onto the street. "I know just the place."

"The Maple Leaf?" Hailey leaned forward from the back.

Allie rolled down our windows. "Yup. It's where I met you the first time."

"Really? I had no idea." She chuckled and leaned back then I heard a buckle.

We drove around the Garden District for a few minutes. I hadn't had a chance to admire that area the first time, and I loved it. My eyes were glued to the large southern style mansions lining St. Charles. Allie turned a few times, and before long, she parked on the side of the road. I followed her into an unassuming building that could have been any sort of place if it weren't for the beer signs in the window.

"This is where I fell in love with New Orleans," Allie said softly as we slipped past the guy at the door. He didn't blink or ask for ID, so I assumed he recognized her. Did everyone in New Orleans know the Laurents were important?

"You mean it's where you fell in love with Levi." Hailey laughed.

"We did have our first kiss here, but that's not the point. I fell in love with the music. Rebirth is playing. It's perfect for your mood."

Hailey maneuvered her way toward the bar. "No one can stay in a bad mood listening to this music."

"Why would I be in a bad mood?" I tried out my sarcasm on the girls.

Hailey chuckled. "No reason at all."

Hailey got beers for all of us. It was Abita. I'd never had that kind before, but it was supposedly one of the local brews. I wasn't all that into beer, but this one was refreshing, and the perfect complement to the music that started moments later.

The floor shaking sounds of the brass band had me jumping around with my new friends. I loved all the horns, and the sound that I knew was uniquely New Orleans. I got it. I understood why Allie picked the place, and Hailey was right. It was impossible to be in a bad mood listening to the music. The beat and rhythm enthralled me. We sipped our beers and danced until we decided to take a break and sit out on the patio.

Hailey and Allie discussed the wedding while I listened in contently. For one evening, I let myself forget about all the craziness of my life.

"To Casey." Allie held up her beer in a toast.

"To me?" I asked in surprise.

"Yes. To my future sister-in-law, for joining me in this crazy, yet loveable, family."

I laughed and tapped my bottle against hers. "You have the crazy part right."

Hailey joined in. "Something tells me things are really going to be changing around here."

I knew she was right. I only hoped the change would be for better.

Chapter Ten

Jared

"She's here in New Orleans?" I gave Levi a blank stare. I'd contented myself with the idea that Casey was halfway across the country. Knowing there was physical distance between us made the pull I felt toward her easier to resist.

"Yes. Georgina brought her down." Levi settled back in his desk chair. We'd been meeting in his office more frequently. Our friendship was starting to seem second to the employer-employee thing we had going. He'd even made me start giving him daily reports. Things were under control with the rebels, but I'd talked to enough shifters to know the mess was far from over. The problem was no one seemed to know exactly who was behind it. Murphy was working for someone. The challenge would be finding out who that was.

"And you didn't override her? Your grandmother shouldn't be able to boss you around." I had to throw the jab in.

"I agreed with her decision."

"What? Why? You still don't know enough about the situation. She may be working for someone."

"She's a scared girl who happens to be my sister. Even my dad agrees none of this is her fault."

"Your dad? Robert knows she's here?"

"Yes. He refused to talk to me about it, except to say it wasn't what I thought, and he needed time. Are you sure you won't rethink your decision?" He watched me carefully.

"No. I'm not working with her."

"Why not? You liked her enough to sleep with her. Surely you can handle helping her learn about her new abilities."

"I can't be near her." I couldn't trust myself. I still wanted her, and I'd end up doing something stupid. "Just let it go."

"Let it go? No. She isn't just a girl you can avoid. She's my sister, and Allie really likes her. That means she's going to be around a lot."

"Allie likes a lot of people." I couldn't blame Allie for enjoying Casey's company. Obviously, I did too, but it's not like they were best friends.

"I can't force you to train her, but you'll respect her. I already told you that you're out of warnings."

"I'm going back to New York tonight. I'll be back tomorrow."

"Is that for personal or professional reasons? I need to know more about her family, about the bear and wolf threat."

"It's professional. All the leads are up there." And the space to think. I needed breathing room.

"Just get it done, Jared. We need this info."

"I've got it under control."

"Do you?"

"Yes. No one's moving until they get word from Murphy or whoever the hell he's working for. I've got our men set up all over, waiting to pounce."

"What if we miss it? We can't afford any more human attacks, and we know they're still after Casey."

"Do you want extra security on her?"

Levi nodded. "Yes, but I don't want it obvious. I think she's like Allie. She doesn't appreciate being looked out for."

I smiled, remembering how much Allie resisted what she considered to be our babysitting of her. She'd gone as far as to sneak out a window to avoid her Pteron guards once. "Got it. I do have a few leads to follow up on. I know there's a Silverback with some intel. I'm sure he can be bought off."

"Do whatever it takes. We need to keep things under control."

"I know, but..." I needed to broach a topic I knew Levi would be sensitive to. "If Murphy is going to attack, there is one event coming up that might draw his attention."

"I'm having my wedding." Levi rubbed the back of his neck.

"I know, but maybe we should move the location? What if they strike New Orleans while we're gone?"

"We're leaving plenty of men here."

"I just think you should consider-"

"No. We're having this wedding exactly as planned. Allie wants to get married in Hawaii. It's happening."

I nodded. There was no point arguing. "Gotcha. I'll check in with you later."

***

The last place I expected to spend my evening was the Bronx zoo, but evidently the Silverback I was looking for worked nights there. I guess he felt a close connection to his animal form. Despite the fact that there were plenty of places I'd have rather been, I followed the lead and sought out the gorilla in the primate section.

"Bradley?" I called his name before I got too close. Shifters tend to react on instinct and having someone creep up on you might trigger a less than ideal situation.

"Who wants to know?" He walked out of the shadows, and I got a look at him. He had the typical bulky figure of a Silverback.

"I'm here on Society business." Someday I'd have to make a fake badge or something.

He stepped toward me carefully. "Why would The Society need anything from me?"

"Now don't play games with me, Bradley. I happen to know you have information and a taste for the finer things in life."

He straightened. He knew there was money on the table. "What can I help you with?"

This might be easier than I thought. "Where's Murphy?"

I watched his face carefully. A look of hesitation crossed it before his features smoothed out. "I don't have specifics."

"But you have an idea?"

"Maybe."

I pulled out two hundreds. "Where?"

He shook his head. "I'm going to need a lot more than that."

I exaggerated the motions as I counted out ten more hundred dollar bills. "And there will be more if your tip pans out."

His eyes widened. "It will pan out." He grabbed the cash. I'd be able to take it back in a second if he didn't spill.

"Upstate. I've heard it's within spitting distance of the Blackwell estate. He'd been negotiating something with the old man before he died."

"Interesting. Thanks for the info." I waited for Bradley to recount his money and walk away. You never want to turn your back first. I didn't have an exact address, but I knew where to start searching. I also had to decide what to do with the new information. Was Toby's grandfather somehow involved in all this before he died?

Chapter Eleven

Casey

"Bachelorette party? I'm not sure I should stay for that." I sat crossed legged on Hailey's bed. We were hanging out in her dorm. Hailey had taken me on a short tour of Tulane's campus without Allie, and I now knew why.

"Of course you should stay. Allie will want you there. You're in the wedding party after all."

"Yeah... that's weird too. I mean we hardly know each other."

"So? You're Levi's sister. You have to be in the wedding." Hailey pushed a pile of clothes off the end of her bed to make room for me to sit.

"It's not that I'm complaining, but I hope it's what Allie actually wants." She seemed excited when she asked me to be a bridesmaid, but maybe she was only doing it to please Georgina.

"It is what she wants. She really likes you. We both do."

"Does Levi?" I dared to ask the question to the person who seemed to be insanely honest about everything.

She hesitated for a second too long. "Yes. He likes you."

"Nice try."

She leaned back on her hands. "He likes you. He's just confused. It's not like he's ever had an amazing opinion of his dad, or I guess your dad too, but stepping out on your mate is pretty much the worst crime if you're a royal Pteron. It can cost you the crown."

"Then how is Levi king?"

"It's because Allie's an Enchantress. She picked him. It's a long story, but I guess your existence explains everything."

"Explains it all, but also makes the patriarch of the family look horrible."

"Pretty much." Hailey smiled. She had such a light and exciting personality. She kind of reminded me of Vera. She was definitely the life of the party.

"Okay. I appreciate the honesty. Let's try another."

She laughed. "Jared?"

"How'd you know?"

"It's a Pteron trick. We can read each other's minds."

I felt a wave of horror at the thought until I caught her smile widen. "Good one."

"I just know. You guys slept together, huh?"

"Slept together is a tame term for what we did." Sleeping together implies a bed. We also used the kitchen counter, the shower.... You get the picture.

"Ugh. Too much information. Jared is like a brother to me."

"All right. Well, what do I do?"

"He still hasn't called you?" She stretched out her long legs in front of her.

"No. Not that I really want to talk to him."

"Don't you think you'd feel better if you got it over with?"

"Got what over with? The cold water splashed in the face?"

She shrugged. "I'm not going to argue. Jared's most likely not going to want to see you anymore...but honestly, I doubt he would have seen you much longer even if you were human. He's not a one girl kind of guy."

"Yeah. I get that. I'm kind of mad at myself for even getting involved." No matter what Nelly told me, I should have resisted. I knew Jared was trouble.

She turned to me. "Jared has that effect on girls. I'd say you're only human, but well, you're not."

"Do you think he'd see me? I mean getting that over with is going to suck, but so is overthinking it."

"He will if we don't give him any warning."

I clasped my hands together, set on my decision. "Let's do it. Then afterwards, we can get drinks and plan Allie's party."

"That sounds like a good plan."

"Thanks."

"For?" Hailey stood up and searched around her messy floor for her flip flops.

"Everything. You didn't have to be so friendly."

"I didn't have to, but I wanted to." She winked. "Let's help you move on with your life."

***

He didn't blink when we walked into the lobby. His face remained expressionless as we dodged a group of tourists on our way to the hotel bar. Hailey had called Owen to find out if Jared was back in town. He didn't even ask why she needed to know. She hung up as soon as she found out they were at the Crescent City Hotel. I wasn't sure how I felt about facing him in public, but at that point, I just needed to get it over with.

My chest tightened to the point where I thought I couldn't breathe. His face was covered with a thin layer of stubble. That one change was the only hint that the news had affected him in any way. That I'd affected him. And, of course, it could have been unrelated. His failure to shave may have had nothing to do with me. It probably had nothing to do with me.

I stopped. I couldn't walk any further. He looked up and glanced at me before turning away. His blank expression was nothing compared to the way he turned away like he didn't even recognize me. Hailey squeezed my hand. It was exactly what I needed. I crossed the remaining distance, taking small but determined steps.

"Jared." His name came out softer than I'd planned. Where was the confidence I'd been rehearsing in my head the whole way over?

It was Owen who looked at me. Jared continued staring at his glass. It was dark brown, and I was sure it was alcoholic.

"Jared, you at least owe me a conversation."

"Do I?" He spoke without turning. He swirled the ice around in his glass. "I wasn't aware I owed you anything."

Hailey smacked him in the back of the head. "Quit being an asshole."

"What?" He looked at her, still not at me. "If I owed something to every girl I fucked, I'd be paying debts the rest of my life."

My vision tunneled. Did I really mean that little to him? I had to press on. "I had no idea what I was, not that I have to explain myself to you."

He finally looked at me. His eyes were cold and empty. The emptiness was so much worse than the anger I expected to see there. "No. You don't. Just like I don't have to pretend you exist."

Normally I'd have been crying, but the ache in my chest became something else entirely. I felt a twitch in my back and knew my body wanted to transform. I let the anger wash over me, but I forced myself to stay in control. "Like I don't exist? You don't have to make this so much worse. You want to pretend I'm no more than a girl you slept with? Fine. But you can't avoid me."

"Just because Levi decided to acknowledge his bastard sister doesn't mean I have to."

My hand moved on its own volition. My palm made contact with his cheek in what felt like slow motion. His head jerked sideways. Then he had his own hand on his cheek with his mouth gaped open.

I turned away. "Good seeing you again, Owen."

"Same to you, Casey." Owen gave me a tight smile. He felt bad for me.

I didn't need his pity, but I needed to act tough. I forced a smile at him before I headed right back to the front door of the hotel. I made it back to Hailey's Jeep before the tears started. They started lightly, barely noticeable drops of warm salt sliding down my face, but then they changed. I sobbed, and Hailey just sat there. She didn't put a hand on me, she didn't make sounds of understanding, and that silence was the greatest gift she could have given me. She gave me the chance to grieve without being alone. I spent an hour that way. We sat in Hailey's Jeep while cars drove by and happy tourists strolled past. I thought over the night we spent together and then the tears stopped. It had been a night. It was an intense and passionate experience, but it wasn't a relationship. I'd made a mistake spending that night with Jared, but that's all it was, and it was a mistake I wouldn't make again. I began to laugh.

Hailey looked over questioningly, but she remained silent.

I was lucky. I found out my true nature before my feelings for Jared could become something more, before my memories would take an entire night to relieve instead of a few minutes. I was also stupid, but I couldn't dwell on that part yet. "We can go."

"Yeah?" Hailey fiddled with the driver's side visor.

"Yeah."

"Okay. I know what you need." She pulled away from the curb and drove back uptown. I stared out the window the whole time, trying to get lost in the scenery instead of the dull ache in my chest. Rejection never got easier, not even when you expected it, but I could get stronger. How I responded to rejection was entirely up to me.

One large frozen strawberry daiquiri later, and I was starting to feel like myself again. Who knew there were actually drive through daiquiri stores? Obviously, the alcohol and sugar couldn't do anything to make Jared's words hurt less, but I took what I could get. I leaned back on my hands, dangling my feet over the edge of the building. Hailey had taken me to one of her favorite places. The roof of an abandoned house a few miles outside the city. We arrived just before sunset, and now the sky was completely dark. The night was warm, and I was comfortable in a fitted t-shirt and jeans. I could have stayed up there all night.

"You feeling any better?" Hailey watched me with concern. She'd been mostly quiet, seemingly lost in thoughts of her own. There was so much I didn't know about her, but it wasn't the time to find out. She'd open up to me eventually.

I took a final sip of the sweet, frozen drink. "Yeah. I'm going to be okay."

"Yeah. You are." She smiled. "Tell me when you've recovered enough to talk about Allie's party."

"I'm ready." I still felt ready to throw up, but focusing on the negative wasn't going to help me. Jared had clearly moved on, so it was time for me to do the same.

Chapter Twelve

Jared

I don't like being an asshole. I really don't. Sure, I like pushing buttons and messing around with people, but hurting someone I cared about sucked. It seriously sucked. I just kept seeing her face. That look of complete and utter devastation and betrayal that filled her eyes and made her lips, those damn gorgeous and perfect lips, quiver with anger. I'd only done what I had to do. There was no reason to regret it. She'd move on if she hadn't already. So would I.

I tried to get drunk. I tried to get shit faced to make the feelings disappear, but it didn't work. I switched to shots, but they eventually wore off, making me feel even worse. Those eyes. Why couldn't I get them out of my head? And her voice... the voice she used when she spoke to me, so different from the breathy one she used in the heat of passion. Why her? Why did the one girl who managed to physically fulfill me and who made me actually feel alive have to be a Pteron? It wasn't fair. I replayed the night for the millionth time in my head. For once, it wasn't her body I focused on, but her words.

I've never been able to give myself to someone so completely before.

Yeah?

The one guy I was with... I didn't even like having the lights on.

I'd be able to see you even in the dark.

I know... and I like that.

I took another shot before burying my head in my hands. I needed to be numb. I needed to stop picturing the way her eyes lit up and her chest heaved when I was inside her. This was ridiculous. She was just a girl. Just a stupid Pteron girl I needed to forget.

"You look like shit." Owen broke his silence. I gave the guy a hard time, but he knew when I didn't need his nagging. Well, most of the time he did.

"I feel just about that good." We were at one of the hole in the wall bars near our house. I needed to be somewhere that I couldn't possibly run into her.

"You didn't need to do it." He took a swig of his beer. He followed me over there even when I told him I wanted to be alone. He was annoying like that. Maybe in another state of mind, I would have appreciated it. He just sat there watching me drown myself in alcohol for well over an hour.

"Yes, I did." I picked up the discarded cap to his beer and squished it in my hand.

"Why? Why couldn't you have just let things happen?"

"You know why. You know what she is."

"Yeah. But so what? Do you even know why we're not supposed to mate with Pterons? Have you ever wondered why?"

"It's wrong. It could be incest for all we know."

"Bullshit. We all know who we're related to."

"Do we? What if Levi had slept with her."

"We're not talking about Levi. We're talking about you."

I tossed a hundred down on the bar and got up from my stool. "You saw what happened when Bryant spent too long with Michelle." I cringed thinking how close I got to his fate. Being sent away by my father had hardened him, had ruined him.

"You're smarter than that." Owen caught up with me outside.

"Smarter than what?"

"Ever stop to think that the fault for Bryant's break down is on your dad? Why did he have to send him away? Bryant was in love with her....and her with him. Why did your dad have to get involved?"

"My dad has done some pretty shitty things, but Bryant knew what he was doing. He knew what he was getting himself into. Now I know the truth, and I was strong enough to stop."

"Strong enough? See, that's the reason why you don't deserve her anyway."

"Shut the fuck up, asshole." Some friend.

"I'm just being honest. If you really wanted her, you'd keep her. You don't. That's okay, but it means you can't sit around here moping like someone did something to you. And you owe her an apology. You're not ready to give it now, and she'd probably break you in two if you tried."

"Oh you think so?"

"Have you seen your face?" Owen gestured to my cheek. I could still feel the sting from the contact of her hand.

"Let's go home." I didn't bother to go into the shadows. I ripped off my shirt and transformed right there on the sidewalk. Who the hell cared if someone saw? I was tired of caring about anything. What good did caring do for anyone? Walking wouldn't have taken long, but I needed to stretch my wings. I needed something.

The flight home was far too short. I did an extra loop before heading inside. Levi sat on the couch, playing some video game.

"Forget you don't live here anymore?" I snapped.

He ignored my obviously pissed off mood. "What? I can't come by and hang out with you guys?"

"I know why he's here." Owen took a seat on the couch next to him.

"Why?" I grabbed a beer from the fridge. At least the alcohol provided some numbing.

"He heard about the bachelorette party that Hailey's planning for Allie."

Levi groaned. "Can't you talk your sister out of it?"

"Yeah... that's a good one." Owen put his feet up on the ottoman.

"Bachelorette party? You're letting her have one?"

"If I tried to stop it, I'd look like I don't trust her." Levi caught the beer I tossed him.

"What are they doing? Having a pajama party or something?" I took a seat on the couch across from them.

"Hailey's planning some crazy bar crawl or something. You know how she gets."

"When is it?" I stretched out my legs. "We can do your bachelor party the same night."

"No way. I'm not going there. Especially with all that crap about my dad. I'm not going near another woman."

This was the perfect excuse to forget about Casey. I needed something other than work to focus on. "I figured that much. I have to plan something though. A guy's night. What do you want?"

Levi looked pensive for a moment, and I knew I wouldn't like what he said next. "Invite Toby."

"What?" I spit out some beer. "No fucking way."

"Yes."

"Why? Why would you want Toby there?"

"I heard he brought in someone for interrogation but he didn't keep any records." Levi set down his beer.

"So?"

"So, I'm positive it's important."

"I'll find out what it was about." Why was Toby holding back information from me? Was this because of Casey? As much as I didn't want to talk to him, I needed to. Casey needed to be protected.

"Will you?" Levi watched me. "Do you think he'll tell you anything?"

"Who said I'd ask him? I have other ways to get the information we need."

"Fine. Then let's just do a poker night. We never have time for those anymore."

"Okay." I leaned back against the leather couch. There wasn't a chance I was inviting Toby.

"You okay, man?" Levi asked.

"He treated your sister like crap tonight," Owen quickly supplied.

"Shut up." Owen was getting on my nerves more than usual. Did he have to tell Levi everything? Then the reality dawned on me. I would have done the same thing to him.

"Apologize. She's a princess whether you like it or not."

"I don't think she'll want to see me." At least that was my goal, as little as I actually wanted it.

"Then make it up to her in another way. I don't want any more problems than I already have."

"Understood." I got up and headed down the hall to my room. I wasn't in the mood for making conversation.

Hopefully I had enough alcohol in my system to put me to sleep.

Chapter Thirteen

Casey

Georgina was all about the quality time thing. After parading me around town and introducing me to so many Pterons I lost track of the names, we ended up back at the hotel. Considering I was staying in a room of her suite, that meant down time together. She made a pot of coffee, and we sat out on her balcony that overlooked the courtyard. She had a second balcony that overlooked the city. I'm pretty sure she had the nicest suite in the hotel.

"You have his eyes, you know." She watched me so closely it unnerved me.

"The king's?" I still struggled to call him anything else.

"Yes. Your father's. I'd have known you were his daughter even without being told."

I found that hard to believe, but I chose not to argue.

"He won't talk to me. He won't talk to Levi either other than to say it isn't what we think. What does that even mean?" Georgina sounded uncharacteristically vulnerable. She was the type to tell you what to do, not ask rhetorical questions.

"I'm sure finding out about me was hard on him." The words sounded off and sour. He fathered me. He had no right to think that. I'd tried to call my mom finally, just to touch base, but I got her voicemail. Maybe that was a good thing because I still wasn't sure what or how much to say.

"Robert has some flaws, but I still can't imagine he'd do this." She looked off at some distant spot. "He understood the consequences of his actions..."

"Yeah." What was I supposed to say? If he hadn't done something stupid, I wouldn't exist. Could she really expect me to agree with her?

She quickly put that thought to rest. "That being said, I'm glad he did it."

I watched her expectantly.

"Your existence is worth that, and since Allie chose Levi, the crown is safe for the time being."

"You said you had something to show me. A book?" I needed answers. I understood her need to talk, but I didn't want to. I didn't want to think about the man who fathered me.

"Yes, but probably not the kind of book you're expecting."

"I wasn't really expecting anything."

She grabbed a canvas bag off the end table and pulled out a large book. "This is your family."

I gaped in surprise when she handed over a weathered photo album.

"I'll have to update your section, but I thought you'd want to learn more about your family."

"Thank you for this." I opened the front cover. "But I don't see what kind of answers this is going to give me."

"I said I'd have to update your section, not that I didn't start on it."

I flipped through the pages as slowly as I could manage. I wanted to see pictures and descriptions of my ancestors, but more than anything, I needed to know more about where I came from.

"Where did you get this?" I ran my finger over a photo of a baby. The tuft of dark hair and wide blue eyes were exactly the same in every other photo of me from that age.

"I found it the day I came up to see you."

"What?" I looked up at her.

"I found it in Robert's things when I was in his home office. They've been out of town, so there's no telling how long it's been there."

"Oh. So he did know about me?"

She didn't respond.

"What's the point of telling me all this? How does this help?"

"Take the picture out and flip it over."

I did as she said. My hands shook slightly as I flipped over the paper. Mine?

The one word jumped off the page at me. So he knew. Robert knew about me all this time. Or did he just find out? Maybe he was doing research too.

"What do you want from me?" The question was pointed, but it was also necessary.

"I don't know." She shrugged. "I generally don't make that sort of statement, but I'm at a loss."

"I need to find my sister. After that, I don't know what I should do."

"You will always have a place here. You're important to The Society, to our family."

I nodded. "I might go out for a walk."

"By yourself?"

"Would that be okay?"

"You know I'm going to have someone follow you, don't you? Only for your protection."

"Of course." I stood up and set aside the album. I needed air, and if being followed kept me safe long enough to find Vera, I was all about it.

***

"Try harder. You need to be able to control your emotions." Hailey pushed me to my limits as she tried to provoke me for the third time that night. We were down by the levee, in a spot that was surprisingly devoid of people.

"I can control them when you're not in my face all the time." I stepped back, exhausted from trying to keep myself calm. Between confronting Jared and spending far too much time with Georgina, my nerves were frayed before Hailey and I started.

"The point is to make you uncomfortable. You seem really good at staying in control. I mean, you completely kept it together in front of Jared." She gave me a sympathetic look. "But, you had time to prepare for that. You won't always know an emotional or frightening experience is coming."

"Yeah, yeah." I picked up my water bottle and took a swig. "Why can't being a Pteron come with cool side effects instead of the transforming without warning thing?"

"Because flying and super strength isn't cool?"

"Would it be so bad to also get perfect skin and bodies?"

She laughed. "I like this side of you."

"What side?" I set aside my empty bottle.

"This funny one. You hide it around Allie."

"No, I don't." I crossed my arms.

"Yes, you do. You're not brave enough to show her who you really are."

"What?" I stepped toward her. "How can you say that?" I felt my anger boiling.

"Just like you're afraid to face your feelings for Toby because you feel so guilty and messed up over things with Jared."

"That's not true!" My back pricked. I had to rein the anger in. I took slow and deep breaths.

Hailey laughed again. "Nice."

"Did you say all of that just to provoke me?"

"Of course. Why else would I have?" She pulled out her hair tie, letting her long red hair tumble down her back. "Have you had enough for tonight? We need to get ready."

"Do you think Allie's excited?" I scooped up my hotel key. It's all Hailey let me bring with me.

"Yes, although she won't admit it."

"She'll have fun tonight."

"That she will." Hailey grinned before leading the way back toward where her car was parked.

Chapter Fourteen

Casey

The general purpose of a bachelorette party is to celebrate the end of the single life of the bride-to-be. As friends, you're supposed to help her have her last hurrah before married life begins. It's kind of a different feeling when the bride and groom-to-be are already bound together by something impossible to break. Add in the fact that Allie was marrying my newly discovered brother, and was the ex-girlfriend of the guy I liked, and it was an interesting experience to say the least.

Hailey had put together what amounted to a bar crawl in a surprisingly short amount of time. After a quick shower and some dinner, I was heading out for a night on the town with Allie, Hailey, and the rest of their group.

Normally, I'd have been nervous about attending a party like that, but I'd gotten to know Hailey so well the past few days that I wasn't too worried. The theme of the event was "Allie and Levi's early days." Essentially, we were going to all the bars the two of them had hung out at when they first started dating, but this time Allie was going to do it wearing a veil.

We made a stop at the Maple Leaf, where Hailey embarrassed Allie by having the band dedicate a song to her. Allie wasn't the type of girl to blush, but she turned bright red. You'd think that being a queen would make you used to attention, but it was obviously not her comfort zone. She'd much rather just be enjoying the atmosphere. I'm pretty sure that's why Hailey did it. It was all about pushing Allie out of her usual element that night.

"Where to next?" Jess asked excitedly. She'd flown down from New York that afternoon and quickly signed up to be the designated driver. She said something about cutting down on her alcohol consumption when she wasn't with her fiance.

"Pat O's on the River." Hailey grinned. "Levi took Allie out there at least a few times last summer."

Allie smiled. "I have some good memories. One involves Levi ignoring a waitress that was blatantly flirting with him."

"Wait. You mean you're admitting to being jealous?" Anne, one of Allie's college friends, asked with mock surprise.

"I wasn't jealous, just glad he was paying attention to me."

"And you tried to pretend you didn't like him..." Jess teased.

"Hey, sometimes we aren't ready to accept we've fallen in love."

"Aww." Jess popped up on her toes. "I can't believe my love cynic best friend is finally getting married."

"Come on, leave her alone." Tiffany, Anne's blonde haired roommate, jumped in. She was much quieter than the openly boy crazy Anne.

"Aren't we supposed to be on our way downtown?" Michelle, the last member of our little party, headed toward the door. I didn't know what to make of her. She seemed uncomfortable, but also relieved to be invited. There was so much about The Society I didn't know, but by the way she kissed up to me, she was power hungry, and from a few whispered words I caught between Allie and Hailey, she was also the Pteron Bryant had been in love with.

"We're going." Hailey winked at me. I wasn't positive what the wink was for, but I think it was her way of making me feel included.

It was a beautiful night for drinks outside. The rooftop deck was the perfect place to kick back and relax. After an hour of dancing, sitting at a high top table to talk was a nice change of pace. I glanced around at the faces of the girls with me. Part of me wondered how I'd even ended up there. A few weeks earlier, I was the girl struggling to save up money for college. I hardly ever went out, and I spent almost every night working. Now I was down in New Orleans at a bachelorette party, hanging out with a bunch of girls I'd just met. I smiled, thinking about this more positive aspect of the change.

Hailey elbowed me. "Who are you daydreaming about?"

"No one." I actually hadn't been thinking about any guys.

"Likely story."

"It's true." I sipped my cosmo. I normally would have already switched to water, but alcohol didn't affect me in quite the same way anymore. "I was just thinking about how much my life has changed."

"Oh, come on. Nothing's changed for you." Allie laughed.

"What do you mean?" Jess stared at me blankly. She was the only one in the group with no clue about Pterons. Hailey had warned me to be quiet about it.

"It's just that I never expected to be down in New Orleans." That didn't cover half of it, but everyone else would know what I meant.

"Oh, cool." Jess glanced at her phone. "I'm going to use the restroom real quick."

"Don't you mean you're going to call Emmett?" Allie raised an eyebrow.

Jess laughed. "Maybe." She walked away.

"Have you talked to Jared?" Tiffany asked quietly.

"Oh. You heard about that?" I wanted to hide my face.

"I'm sorry. I was just on a tirade about how much I wanted to kick him in the nuts and it slipped out." Allie gave me an apologetic smile.

"It's fine. I just wish I had better judgment." I looked into my glass. My tryst with Jared wasn't something I was particularly proud of.

"Your judgment is just fine." Hailey patted my arm. "And you did well facing him. I'm proud."

I laughed. "If I made you proud, then nothing else matters."

That got everyone laughing just as Jess walked back.

"I know where our next stop should be." She grinned.

"Oh no." Panic was clear on Allie's face.

"Wait. Where are we going?" If Allie was nervous about it, it couldn't be good.

"The Cat's Meow. It's where Allie and Levi first met. Well, unless you count them checking each other out at the hotel." Jess was so bubbly. I guess being newly engaged herself, she liked talking about people falling in love.

"I didn't check him out!" Allie glared at her.

"Oh, come on. You don't have to defend your ogling now. You're marrying the guy." Anne laughed.

Allie took the final sip of her drink. "Good point."

"We'll have to sing Girl's Just Want to Have Fun, like we did last time." Jess beamed.

Allie groaned. "No way. Once was enough to last a lifetime."

"Wait. It's a karaoke bar?" There wasn't a chance I was getting in on that activity.

"A tourist's dream." Hailey laughed. "But it's on our list. It's an important place in Allie and Levi's history."

"I'm totally fine with us going, I'm just not singing." Allie set aside her glass. "Is everyone ready?"

"Sure." I stood up. "Let's continue this adventure."

Allie suddenly teared up.

"Did I say something wrong?" I could have sworn the tears started right after my joke.

"No." She wiped her eyes. "I'm just ridiculously emotional right now. Levi said something kind of like that the night he really let me in."

Hailey put a hand on her arm. "I'm pretty sure that's normal. You're getting married. That messes with your emotions big time."

I gave Allie an encouraging smile. "Hailey's right. It's okay to feel that way." I assumed Allie was referring to the night she found out he was a Pteron. I wondered why her college friends knew the truth, but Jess didn't. I figured Allie's bachelorette party wasn't the place to ask.

We moved the car and headed over to Bourbon Street. The crowd was heavy, and we stuck close together as we made our way down the middle of the street.

We made a quick stop at Tropical Isle. The claim to fame of the bar was hand grenade drinks that were sweet and served in tall green plastic glasses that looked like their namesake. We probably would have stayed there awhile if Jess hadn't pulled us out. She was really into the whole karaoke thing. Slightly buzzed, we made our way down to the Cat's Meow.

Jess rushed up to put our name on the list to sing while the rest of us took a seat at a table. When the other girls went to get drinks, I was left alone at the table with Allie. She seemed upset again, and although I'd have normally left it alone, I felt like I had to say something. "Are you crying?"

She smiled sheepishly. "Maybe a little."

"Is it nerves, nostalgia?"

"Both. Neither."

I laughed. "Yeah, I know what that feels like."

"How are you doing?" She seemed hesitant to ask.

"I'm doing all right. It's been a little overwhelming..."

"I can only imagine. If there's anything I can do, you know I'm here. I've tried to stay back and give you time with Hailey."

"Oh no. You don't need to do that. You're about to get married, and Hailey's your best friend."

"It's fine. I think you're good for her too. I'm pretty sure she thinks I'm ditching her."

"Why? I mean, it's not like you've really been single for a while."

She sipped her pink colored drink. "It's just the symbolism I guess."

When our name was called, we discovered that Jess had written us in as "Allie and her maids." Who would have thought Jess had that kind of sense of humor? We made our way up to the stage. Normally, I'd have been humiliated, but I realized everyone in the bar was more drunk than I was, and I was with a big group. I stayed toward the back and tried to enjoy myself. I don't have the worst voice in the world, but it isn't something to write home about. I doubt anyone cared though. The only people watching were guys, and they weren't concerned with our voices. Before long, the song was over and we returned to our seat.

"I'm going to go on record to say that's never happening again." Allie laughed.

"Sure, sure. You'll be back to do it on your tenth anniversary." Anne hugged Allie. "Ah, I can't believe you're getting married."

"Me either."

The night swirled by in a series of drinks, bad karaoke, and jokes, and before I knew it I was tipsy and having too good of a time. I excused myself and walked out onto the outdoor patio. The second I was alone, I pulled out my phone and called Toby.

He answered on the first ring. "Hey, Casey. What's up?"

"Hi there!" My words slurred together as I held the phone to my head. I'd had more to drink than usual. "Not much. Just thinking of you."

"Thinking of me, huh?" He sounded amused.

"Yes. I've been thinking about you all night. Well, and last night." The last few shots had run off with my filter.

"Oh? Two nights in a row, huh?"

"I miss you."

"I miss you too. I'm hoping you'll come see me soon."

"You want me to?" I practically purred the words. I was losing it, and I wasn't sure how much of it was alcohol and how much was the sexy tone of his voice.

"Yes. Of course."

"Do you have any info?"

"Yes, but that's not why I want to see you."

"You want me."

He laughed. "Yeah... something like that."

"Who are you talking to, Casey?" Tiffany startled me so much I nearly dropped my phone.

"Gotta go." I quickly hung up. "Hey."

"Hey... who was that?" She eyed me suspiciously.

"Oh. My friend."

"Does this friend have a name? I mean, you were thinking about him tonight, and last night."

I laughed nervously. "Oh. You heard that much."

"Yeah." She leaned in. "It's Toby, isn't it?"

"How'd you know?"

"Just a hunch. Besides, Allie was talking about how cute a couple you'd make."

"Great." It's always great when a guy's ex wants you to get with him.

"You have a thing for other Pterons, huh?"

I tried to take my jaw off the floor. Was this the same Tiffany who barely made eye contact when she talked? "Is that really any of your business?"

"Sorry. That came out really wrong. I blame it on this." She tapped her glass.

"I wish I didn't."

"Don't fight who you are or who you like. Life's so much harder that way."

"It sounds like you know this from experience."

"I know what it's like to hold yourself back because you're scared."

"We should get back to the others, but thanks for the pep talk."

She smiled. "No problem."

Our next stop was a place Allie definitely hadn't gone with Levi, but Anne insisted that we go. It was a dance club called Oz. "It's where we go when we don't want to be hit on by guys, but want to watch hotties," she explained. I filled in the blanks myself. It was a gay club.

I laughed. "Why not?"

When the girls got ready to head back uptown to a bar near Tulane called Bruno's, I decided I couldn't wait any longer. I said a quick goodbye, and I'm sure they all knew exactly where I was heading.

Chapter Fifteen

Toby

I held onto my phone long after she'd hung up. Had Casey really just drunk dialed me and said the things I think she had? The goofy smile was still plastered on my face an hour later. Alcohol can make you say and do stupid things, but it also usually makes people honest. If those were her real feelings, getting another chance with her was going to be easier than I thought.

I'd just settled into bed around three a.m. when I heard a noise on the balcony. I didn't bother to get dressed, confident I could handle whatever was waiting for me. I was wrong. As soon as I pushed open the French door, I stumbled back into the room.

"Hey, sorry to barge in on you like this." Casey smiled this nervous-cute smile that, combined with her nearly exposed chest, had me struggling for words. I'd been looking forward to my next dream, but this was better. She must have flown through some rain because her tank top was soaked through. More water dripped from her hair down to her chest.

I swallowed hard, trying to keep myself together. "It's not a problem, come on in." I closed and locked the door behind her.

Without her wings, it was easy to forget anything had changed about her-but I could tell. She had this new glow. I could also tell she had no idea how much of her body she was revealing to me. Trying to be a gentleman, I offered her a t-shirt.

"Oh." She looked down, finally noticing that her tiny cami wasn't doing its job. "Ugh, it's so much easier for guys!" She yanked the t-shirt from my hands and pulled it on. I missed the view, but hoped she'd give it to me on her own terms soon enough.

"Flying? Yeah. We don't have to worry about that kind of stuff."

She exhaled loudly and took a seat on the edge of my bed. I'm sure the flight exhausted her. Three hours of flying was hard even after years of experience.

I gestured to my pillows. "You can lie down if you want." With me right next to you, or on top of you. I had to get myself in control. Evidently, the sex dreams were destroying my restraint. Wearing just a pair of boxers, I wasn't going to be able to hide those thoughts for long.

She smiled. "I may take you up on that...I. Well, you're probably wondering why I'm here."

I wanted to reach out and touch the damp tendrils of her hair. She looked even sexier than usual. "Does it have anything to do with your phone call?"

She groaned. "Ugh. Sorry. I had too much to drink."

"It couldn't have been that much if you managed to fly up here." I liked watching her sit there in my t-shirt. It was huge on her, but that just made it better.

"Yeah... is there a Pteron thing with processing alcohol?"

"It's hard to stay drunk for long. By your phone call, I assumed that didn't apply to you."

"Could there be Pteron things that don't apply to me?" She watched me suspiciously.

I shrugged. "Maybe." I'd been only half serious. I was really taking the opportunity to tease her for being drunk.

"Enough about Pterons... or are you implying you know for sure what my mom is?"

"I know more." I kept eye contact. After the incident at the coffee shop, I didn't want her to think I was keeping secrets from her. I took a seat next to her.

"Can you tell me?" She scooted closer. The heat from her body had my heart beating faster.

"Yes, but do you maybe want to sleep first? It's going to take a while. Is that why you came here?"

She ran her teeth over her bottom lip. "Sort of."

"There's more?"

"I'm sorry." She sighed. "I'm sorry that I treated you that way. I've just been hurt before, and I didn't want it to happen again. But in the end, I got hurt anyway so it was all so dumb."

"Yeah, well, I'm the idiot who let you believe I wasn't 100% into you. For letting you question how much I wanted us to be together." I knew there was one piece of information that might make her feel better, but it might also make her mad.

I went for it, she needed to know. "I think it was magic. I think Nelly messed with your mind."

"What?" She watched me in shock.

"You asked if things would affect you differently, and they might. It's possible that if your mom is a bear, you may be completely susceptible to a witch's magic. Pterons can only be influenced physically by magic. Mentally, magic can't affect us. Other shifters don't have the same protection. I think she was able to influence your feelings."

"Really?" An expression of relief mixed with confusion crossed her face. "That's why I believed her so easily?"

I nodded. "I think so, but only you'd know for sure. When you think back on things, is it clear or hazy?"

"It's a little bit hazy... but either way, I still did it. They were my actions."

"Not really, but I'm not going to argue. I just wanted you to know. And if I'm being honest, I should also tell you it wouldn't have been the first time a witch messed with you."

"What?" She rested a hand on the arm of the couch as if to steady herself. "When has it happened before?"

"At the Sprite House. A witch put an aphrodisiac spell on you." I hadn't thought about that when I first found out Casey was a Pteron. Technically, an aphrodisiac spell was more physical than mental, but a Pteron shouldn't have been so susceptible.

Her head jerked. "And you're just now telling me?"

"You can calm down. It's not like I took advantage of you." I hoped she'd naturally assume that.

"Of course not." She looked appalled at the thought. Good. She needed to trust me. "None of this matters now anyway."

"Why not?" I gently took her face in my hands. I was going to make sure she knew how I felt. "Why doesn't it matter?"

"Because of what I am."

"I already told you I don't care. It's just a stupid, unofficial rule that means nothing to me."

"But your position?"

"What about it?"

She pressed her hands down into my bed. "You could lose it."

"Lose it? For dating a Pteron?" I moved closer to her. "I can't lose it, and even if I did, who cares? I'm happy when I'm with you. If you feel the same way when you're with me, then why does anything else matter?"

She turned her head slightly, trying to hide her tears from me.

I gently touched her shoulder. "Hey... are you okay?"

She nodded. "Sorry. I'm just tired."

"It's him. He hurt you."

She rested her head on my chest. I held her as her silent tears continued. Having her in my arms felt amazing, but that feeling battled with the anger boiling inside. Jared would be lucky if I didn't kill him the next time we came face to face.

"I'm sorry, Casey. I really am."

"Please. Don't apologize. That's not it. I'm just emotional today. That's all. You apologizing only makes it worse."

"How can it make it worse?"

"It just does." She lifted her head.

A few weeks earlier, I would have let it go, but I wasn't doing that again. I reached out for her, cupping the back of her head in my hands. "No one's allowed to make you cry like that." I brushed my lips gently against hers. "No one." I touched my lips to hers again, this time less gently. She didn't respond at first but then her lips started moving against mine. I kept it slow, making sure she was into the kiss before moving it faster. She moaned as I moved to deepen the kiss. I lost all thoughts. All I cared about was the taste of her mouth and the way her body felt next to mine.

She pushed against my chest and broke the kiss. "I can't."

"You can't or you don't want to?" I wasn't going to play games. I needed to know what was going on in her head.

"I can't... not yet."

"Because of Jared?"

"No. Because of me." There was a vulnerable honesty in her words.

"Okay. Will you stay here tonight?" I needed that. I needed to at least know she was safe.

"If it's okay, I'd like to sleep-" She stopped.

"What is it?" I pressed, hoping the next words were the ones I was mentally filling in the blanks with.

"I'd like to sleep here." She patted the bed.

"You never have to ask." I took her hand. "Never."

She smiled and pulled her hand from mine. I reluctantly let go.

She unzipped her jeans and stepped out of them. "I'll be a second." She walked into the bathroom and shut the door.

Considering she'd just cut off the kiss, I knew we weren't going to be having sex, but she hadn't asked for shorts. If she was willing to sleep in the same bed with me, wearing only one of my t-shirts and a pair of panties, things were looking up.

I debated waiting for her to come back then decided it would be less awkward if I just got in bed. I slipped in on my usual side. A moment later, the bathroom door opened and she walked out with her hair down and her face a little bit flushed. "I raided your bathroom for mouthwash." She dropped her still damp cami on the floor next to her jeans. The motion reminded me of how little she was wearing.

"I want you to feel at home here." Here as in my room, not the guest room. We weren't going back there. Maybe she wasn't ready for an all-out relationship or sex, but we weren't going back to friends.

"Thanks." She slipped in next to me. The motion made the shirt ride up, giving me a quick look at her smooth upper leg. I ached to touch her in that spot, to explore every inch of her in a way I'd never been able to before.

She snuggled in next to me. I didn't worry about the light-it was already off. There were definitely some benefits to being with another Pteron. She lay beside me for a minute before she shifted, resting her head on my chest. I ran a hand down her back, and she sighed. "I've missed you."

Those three words were more than enough. Casey was back whether she knew it or not.

Chapter Sixteen

Casey

The sunlight flooding in through the glass doors woke me up. I rolled over, wanting to hold on to a few more minutes of sleep, and came face to face with Toby. His peaceful expression had me awe struck. I'd never realized just how handsome he was. Part of me knew I should get up and start my day, but I was just so comfortable.

As if sensing he was being watched, Toby opened his eyes. "Good morning."

"Ah. Hi." I nervously smoothed out my hair. I didn't have the drunken excuse to explain my reasons for spending the night in Toby's bed. I just needed him close.

"What do you want for breakfast?" He pulled me against him.

"Oh. I should probably go."

"No way. The last time we spent the night in the same bed, everything fell apart. This time is going to be different."

"But I already told you I couldn't be with you."

"You're with me, Casey. When you spend the night in someone's bed rather than walking the few steps down the hall to sleep alone, it means you want to be with them-that you can be with them. I'm not going to act like a fourth grader and make you call me your boyfriend, but what we have here is something. And whatever that makes you to me, I'm making you breakfast."

I smiled. I couldn't help it. His words sent a shiver through me. I liked the new take charge Toby. "Okay. Then do you have any leftover bread? I'd love some French toast."

His eyes lit up. "I even have pannetone."

"Oh this is going to be good." I hopped out of bed, completely unconcerned with the fact that I was only wearing an oversized t-shirt. I really could be myself with him. Toby hopped out after me and headed over to his dresser. I touched his arm when he pulled out a t-shirt. "Nope. If we're a something, we're cooking in what we slept in."

He laughed that deep throaty laugh of his. "Oh yeah? I'm cooking in my boxers? Well, it's worth it to watch you walk around in only my t-shirt. I like seeing you in my clothes."

"Next time you'll have to leave out one of your dress shirts for me. Get the full cliche experience."

"As you like to point out, I wear them a lot. You'll get your chance."

I loved how easily we fell into banter with each other-and we did it without sex. Unlike with Jared where everything had to be so primal and erotic, Toby and I could exist in a flirtatious but more relaxed way, but it couldn't stay that way forever. Toby wanted sex, and based on his new more forward stance, he was going to want it soon. I wanted it too... I just didn't want to feel like a slut. For the millionth time that week, I regretted sleeping with Jared.

"I love your kitchen." I pulled out eggs and milk from the fridge.

"I know. You've expressed your feelings on the matter before." He came up behind me, cornering me between his warm body and the cool counter top. "And as I always say, it's yours to use anytime."

"You're generous." My body responded to his closeness in a way it hadn't when we were in bed together. This was different, and I wasn't completely sure why. Maybe it was because he called me out on my feelings.

I cracked three eggs in a blue bowl Toby put down in front of me. I slipped out from under his arm so I could wash my hands, but I missed the closeness instantly. Luckily, he had me back in the same position as I poured the milk and whisked them together with cinnamon. "I don't remember you hovering so close the last time we cooked. And aren't you the one who's supposed to be cooking?"

"You ran right in and started. I assumed you'd rather do it yourself. And I know you don't mind where I'm standing." He brushed his lips against my neck. "And I prefer it to watching you from a distance, although considering what you're wearing, I wouldn't mind that either."

I dipped the first piece of bread, getting a little bit of the mixture on my hand. I used the same hand to dip the next one. Four slices in, Toby had his hand gently running up and down my upper leg. My body shivered in anticipation as he moved it closer to my thigh each time before moving it away. By the time I finished placing the last slice on the griddle, he'd reached my upper thigh.

"You aren't easily distracted." His voice was low and husky, and I could feel the complete evidence of his arousal against my back.

"Oh, I'm distracted." I struggled to keep my voice steady, and to stop myself from turning around.

"Yeah? Well, you don't seem it. I'll have to keep trying." His hand moved to my inner thigh, and I let out a small gasp and leaned back harder against him. "Now you're distracted."

"I have to flip the French toast." I forced myself upright. His fingers hadn't even slipped beneath my panties, but my body was responding. I wanted him so bad I was ready to give up on our breakfast.

"Go ahead. Don't mind me."

"Toby."

"Yes?"

"You're distracting me."

"Good." He moved his hand and stepped back. "I need to be able to distract you."

"You do it well." I flipped the French toast, noticing that two of the slices were a little bit browner than I'd like. Totally worth it.

A few minutes later, we were seated at his table. For some reason, nothing seemed strange or awkward about the situation. I was sitting there in only a t-shirt, across from a guy only in his underwear, eating French toast.

"Delicious." His eyes raked over me.

"Are you trying to distract me again?" I took a slow bite, giving him some of his treatment back.

He watched me. "Yes."

"Yet you were so polite last night."

"You were exhausted. I wasn't going to push my luck."

"Yet you are now? What's gotten into you?" I licked some syrup off my lips.

He set down his fork and was at my side of the table before I could process it. "What's gotten into me? I lost you by moving too slow. That's not happening this time."

"What if you move too fast? Ever think of that?"

"Moving too fast would have been ripping off the little clothing you were wearing last night. You wouldn't have protested. I see the way you look at me."

"And I appreciate that you didn't."

"Any chance of you expressing that appreciation?" He grinned, making me wonder how much of his talk was teasing.

"Yes." I pulled his face to mine and kissed him. Neither of us took the kiss slow, and he eagerly allowed me into his mouth. He tasted sweet from our breakfast. He pulled me out of my chair, and I was vaguely aware of him sitting down on the couch with me straddling his lap. My hands roamed his chest while he cupped my breasts through the t-shirt. I mentally willed him to move his hands under, and he did it in record time.

I moaned as his hand fondled my breast, still unwilling to break the kiss. He guided my hand down to his lap, where I quickly slipped it underneath his boxers. He was rock hard and as big as I'd known he'd be from the way he felt pressed against me earlier. His free hand pushed away the cotton fabric of my panties, and I shifted to give him better access. His earlier teasing had left me needing his touch. He pushed in his fingers, finding the perfect spot and leaving me gasping, finally releasing his lips.

He ripped off the t-shirt, clearly too impatient to take it off normally. This was definitely not the Toby I remembered, but I liked it. It was hot, intense, and everything I needed. His lips settled on the breast not captured by his hand, and his hands continued their busy work. I arched back as he pushed me to a place I'd never imagined he'd take me. I yelled out, and he removed his hands with a grin.

I struggled to return my breathing to normal. "Should we move to your bedroom or continue here?"

"Neither." He gently moved my hand that was still wrapped around him.

"What does that mean?" Surely we weren't done.

"I told you I wouldn't move things too fast. How's this for a good pace?"

"A good pace for me maybe, but not so much for you."

"I'm sure you'll more than make it up to me another time." He carefully lifted me off his lap and stood up. "I'm going to take a quick shower and get dressed."

The words "can I join you" nearly slipped off my tongue, but I fought them down. He was setting a good pace. I wasn't going to ruin it.

"Okay. I'll use your guest shower. I already know that's where all the good stuff is."

He chuckled. "Enjoy. Use plenty of the hot water, mine will be cold."

"Toby! Now you're going to make me feel bad. You're the one who said-"

"I know what I said." He winked. "Can I just join you?"

"You're asking to take a shower with me?"

I knew what he was doing. Just like the kiss in the kitchen, he wanted me to make the move. I stepped toward him, reaching out to run a finger down his chest. "Yes. But it's going to be hot."

"If you're there, hot is fine with me." He took my hand and led me back to his bedroom. We were both wearing only underwear, and I moved to take off mine. He pushed away my hand and did it himself, slowly sliding them down my legs. I did the same for him, but I took him in my hand before his boxers reached the carpeted floor.

I had full intention of making it to the shower, but I couldn't wait anymore. He was too hard and obviously ready, and so was I. Just the simple touch of his hand on my leg as he removed my panties set me on fire. It was all in his plan. The stopping short, everything. And his plan most definitely worked. I pushed him down on the bed. He fell faster than expected. I'd forgotten I now had more strength.

"Condoms are?" I glanced around his room.

"Night stand. I've had them waiting for when you finally came back around."

"I'll pretend to believe that." I opened his drawer, surprised to find an unopened box. I pulled out one condom and joined him on the bed.

His eyes locked on mine as I climbed on top of him, easing him inside me slowly. "I've been waiting a long time for this."

"So have I."

We moved together perfectly. He felt so good inside me as his hands settled on my hips and we moved together faster and faster until I felt like I was losing control. Then he pushed the full length of himself inside. I arched back, and before I knew it, he had me pinned down on the bed under him.

"You're even better than I dreamed."

"You dreamed about this?" I managed to get out in short breaths.

"Many times." He thrust into me.

"Me too." I closed my eyes and let Toby take me to new heights for the second time that morning.

Chapter Seventeen

Toby

Lying in bed, spent and completely naked with Casey, was one hell of a way to spend a morning. I'd given us a night to slowly ease into things, but watching her in the kitchen in just my t-shirt was the point of no return. First, she looked too hot to resist, and secondly, she could have easily put on her jeans. She wanted me just as much as I wanted her. I ran a hand through her brown hair. Her eyes were closed and she breathed evenly, but I knew she wasn't sleeping. She was enjoying some post sex bliss, and I was more than happy to let her. Usually real life is a letdown to your fantasies, but it wasn't with Casey. Everything about it was perfect. Our bodies had moved together in perfect sync, and she'd given me a high I'd never felt before. It was even better than flying.

Neither of us had broached the subject of the Pteron-Pteron thing again, but if Rhett was right and it was just about the children, then it really didn't matter. Besides, it's not like it was unheard of for Pterons to sleep together. It happened more frequently than you'd think. They just didn't settle down together. They rarely, if ever, took each other for mates. I was going to be changing that. We weren't born into the Pteron world, and we could do things our own way. I also couldn't care less if we had kids and they weren't Pterons. I wasn't so sure I even wanted to raise kids, if I had them, in the Society world.

She opened her blue eyes, and the contentment in them matched my mood exactly. "I can't believe that just happened."

"I can." I pulled her on top of me. "It was worth the wait."

She laughed. "Yeah, I'd have to agree with you there."

I gave her a light kiss, not sure if she was in the mood for more, or too exhausted. I was never going to have enough, but maybe she'd feel differently. By the way her lips responded, we were definitely on the same page. Then her phone rang.

She groaned and rolled off me. She reached down to where she'd left her jeans and pulled her phone out of the pocket. She glanced at the screen "It's Georgina."

I fought down the groan I felt coming on. "Oh boy, you should probably talk to her."

"I know." The phone stopped ringing. "But I need to get dressed first."

"Or you could wait and get dressed after." I ran a hand down her arm. "You did suggest a shower earlier..."

"Not after talking to my grandma." She pulled on her panties and cami before slowly slipping into her jeans. I'm pretty sure the slowness was completely intentional. "But maybe tonight."

"Tonight sounds good to me. I'll take that rain check." The promise of another night with Casey was more than enough. I propped myself up with pillows. I needed to get dressed too, but lying in bed watching Casey was enjoyable.

She sat down on the edge of the bed and turned to look at me. "All right. Stay quiet. I'm calling back."

"Stay quiet?" I raised an eyebrow. "Worried Granny will know what you've been up to?"

She tossed a pillow at me. "I'm not worried about me. Do you really want to be on the wrong side of Georgina's wrath?"

"Good point. I'll keep my mouth shut."

"Good." She smiled before placing the call.

Her face fell. "You're what?"

I moved closer so I could listen in.

"I'm outside your door. I'm guessing that you're not here, which begs the question of where you spent your night. Allie told me you left New Orleans."

"Oh. I'm just with a friend."

"A friend? I might be getting old, but I'm not dumb. It's moving day. There's a truck waiting outside. Either get over here or I'll have the super open the door for me."

"Moving day? Where am I moving to?"

"I got you a place on Central Park West."

"Oh."

"I'd prefer not to wait in this building any longer than necessary. I expect to see you soon."

Casey set down the phone. "Oh boy was right."

"Looks like we're moving you today."

"You want to help?" She looked at me like she didn't know the answer.

"Of course. Then I'll really earn that shower later." I couldn't resist. The thought of Casey naked in hot water and steam would have made me agree to anything.

"Thanks. I'd prefer not to face Georgina alone anyway."

"She'll figure out where you've been."

"No. I'll tell her I called and asked for your help."

"She's not going to buy it." I sat up.

"Why not?"

"Because she's Georgina. She knows everything." Even the relatively short amount of time I'd spent with her left me with that impression.

She sighed. "All right. Let's get this over with then."

I took both her hands. "It's going to be fine. Just don't argue with the fact that she's moving you, and it will all blow over. She's probably preparing herself for a fight as we speak."

"Which is why she didn't tell me in advance. She didn't want me arguing."

"Or she just didn't care about your opinion."

Casey shook her head. "Either way, keeping her waiting can't be a good thing."

"You've got that right." I held her hand as we left my apartment. I had a feeling I wouldn't be coming back that day.

***

"Hello, Toby." Georgina greeted me formally after hugging her granddaughter. She seemed genuinely happy to see Casey, and I hoped the warmth she projected was sincere.

"A pleasure to see you again, Georgina." I kissed her on the cheek, trying to get across that I was more important than a passing acquaintance.

"Casey, why don't you go ahead and start packing. Toby and I are going to go check on the movers downstairs." She placed a hand on my arm, and I knew better than to argue even though we hadn't passed any movers or a truck on our way in. If Georgina was trying to get alone time with me, she had something to say. I only hoped it didn't involve the words stay away.

We'd barely turned the corner when she started in. "What exactly are your intentions with my granddaughter?"

I was prepared for the brazen questioning. "I intend to date her. Maybe more."

"Despite her Pteron genes?" Georgina looped her arm in mine when we reached the stairs.

I helped balance her as we descended. "To be frank, I don't really care."

She stopped and allowed a tiny smile to slip out. "I knew I liked you."

"You did? You don't care either?" Was she really taking my admission so calmly?

"Between you and me, that rule is hogwash."

"Then why even have it?" Would she give the same reasons as Rhett?

"The way I see it, Pterons like to feel strong and powerful. Maybe mating with a human makes them feel that way." She winked. She did have a sense of humor after all.

"You're going to support us then?"

"I'm going to support Casey. The road she's on isn't an easy one. If she wants to take that road with you by her side, then I'll support you too."

"Thanks. I won't let you down."

She started walking again. "Don't worry about letting me down. Worry about taking care of her."

"I will, but Casey is pretty good at taking care of herself."

"I know she is. Laurent women are strong, but no matter how strong you are, we can always use someone to rely on." She gave the advice as we reached the lobby.

"Does your whole family agree with you? Do they all support her?"

She nodded. "Yes. If they didn't, they'd have to answer to me."

We walked outside. As expected, there wasn't a van in sight. "Where are the movers?"

"I sent them off for an hour. They'll be back."

"So why did you ask me to walk with you?"

"You know why I did." She patted my arm. "Now let's head back up and help Casey."

I shook my head. "Whatever you say, Georgina."

"I'm glad to see you understand."

***

Less than four hours later, Casey was all moved in to her new apartment. I knew she didn't have tons of stuff, but I still expected it to take longer. Georgina had furnished the place for Casey, so it was really just clothes and some personal mementos that needed to be put away.

"Sit down," Georgina said to neither one of us in particular. We both went for the same arm chair. I quickly moved out of the way so Casey could sit. "We have some important details to discuss."

I hoped she wasn't about to discuss whether I could stay over. That would be awkward.

"Toby, will you be escorting Casey to the wedding?"

She didn't need to tell me which wedding she was referring to. "I'd like that."

Casey shot me a look. "You don't have to."

I shifted in my chair. "I want to."

"But..." She glanced at Georgina then back at me. "Even with all your history with Allie?"

"I already told you I'm over her." Casey needed to understand. She needed to know I wasn't settling. Allie was a friend, and she'd never be more than that again. It was the way things were meant to be.

"Yeah, but it can't be easy."

"Don't you want me to go with you?" I shot it back to her. Otherwise she was going to keep pushing.

"Yes. Of course."

"Then it's settled." Georgina rested her hands on her lap. "Will you be transporting Casey, then?"

"Yes. The wedding is in Hawaii, isn't it?" I'd been tuning out the wedding details. Over Allie or not, it's not much fun to discuss your ex's wedding. Well, unless it involved spending ten hours on a private jet with your girl. That was a perfectly enjoyable conversation.

"I'm guessing that's too far to fly ourselves?" Casey looked at me for the answer.

"It's long. It's doable, but we'd have to take breaks. We might as well take the jet."

She nodded. "Okay."

Georgina leaned forward. "So I assume that's a yes? You'll be transporting her?"

I nodded and made eye contact with Georgina. "Absolutely."

"Terrific." Georgina stood up. "Now if you'll excuse me, I need to get back to New Orleans. I need to have a conversation with my son."

"Does he hate me?" Casey pressed her lips together into a firm line.

"No. And he will be in touch with you soon." Without another word, Georgina walked to the door and let herself out.

I sat down on the arm of Casey's chair. "So... that was an interesting housewarming."

"Yeah. I wish we had a bottle of wine or something. We need to do something festive, right?"

"Did you really think I forgot that detail?" I walked over to her fridge and pulled out a bottle of Dom Perignon. "Ready to celebrate moving out of your closet?"

"That depends."

"On?" I took down two wine glasses. Georgina had also fully outfitted her kitchen.

"Whether you're staying the night."

"Is that even a question?"

Chapter Eighteen

Jared

New York had lost its appeal. Instead of exciting, now it just reminded me of disappointments and things I couldn't have. Or really a girl I couldn't have. I wasn't in love with her. I knew that much even without Owen throwing it in my face. What I felt for her wasn't love, but it was something more than I usually felt about girls. And the worst part? I couldn't even motivate myself to get with anyone else since. At the rate I was going, I would end up as celibate as Owen. As frightening as a thought that was, getting fired and letting Levi down was a worse one.

I needed to stay on task. I needed to plan our attack on Murphy, or at the very least, protect us from his next one. I couldn't do it unprepared. I needed more intel, and part of that meant finding out who Toby was interrogating. Somehow that tied in.

I decided to check out a shifter bar in Brooklyn that tended to attract the clientele I was looking for. I threw on a blazer and walked into the Hairy Turn. The bar hadn't changed at all since I'd last visited a year or so earlier. The bouncer didn't recognize me, but he let me in without an argument. Sometimes a steely glare can convey everything.

"Are there nymphs around?" I asked the large shifter.

He grinned. "Looking for some action, huh?"

"Not action." I stuffed my hands in my pockets. This was embarrassing, but I didn't want to admit I was there on official Society business.

"If you say so. There're a few in tonight."

"Thanks." I nodded and headed inside. I stopped by the bar and grabbed a beer.

I hadn't made it far when a manicured hand wrapped around my bicep. "Nice to see you again, Jared."

I stared down at a pair of brown eyes and dark hair. "Hi, Nelly."

"What are you doing in New York?" She turned her head to the side slightly.

"I'm here for work." I needed to shake her.

"You're at the Hairy Turn for work?" She cooed.

"Yes. And if you'll excuse me..." I shrugged off her hand and took a few steps. Nelly reminded me of Toby, who reminded me of Casey. Not the direction I needed my thoughts to go in.

"He's an asshole."

"Excuse me?" I turned back to her.

"Toby. You know he's with her."

"With who?" I feigned confusion even though her words hit my gut like a ten pound brick. So much for her just returning to him for help.

"Casey. I don't see why you guys think she's special anyway." She said Casey's name with distaste. That bothered me more than it should have.

"She's special. That's all you need to know." I had no interest in explaining my interest in a girl I couldn't have.

A smile spread across Nelly's face. "Oh. Maybe the reason you think she's special has to do with the interrogation I helped Toby with."

Maybe Nelly was going to be more help than I thought. "Would you like to sit down?"

"Yes. I'd really like that." She sauntered over to a darkened booth. I followed, acutely aware of just how many pairs of eyes were on us.

I sat down next to her, careful to keep my distance. "Tell me about the interrogation."

"Why would you want to know about such a little old thing?" She tapped her nails on the tabletop.

"Because you're right. Toby's an asshole."

She laughed. "I'd be breaking an oath of silence to Toby. Are you going to make this worth my while?"

I groaned. If she wanted sex, I'd be better off with the nymphs. "In what way?"

"I want an invite to the wedding." She scooted closer to me.

"To what wedding?" I sipped my beer.

"The wedding. What other one would I be talking about?"

"Why would you want to go?"

She put a hand to her chest as though she was surprised. "Why? The king and queen are getting married, and you wonder why I want to go?"

"They're already bound. It's just a formality." A pointless and possibly dangerous one. If I were on better terms with Levi, I'd have tried harder to change his mind.

"I want to go."

Spill her secrets for a wedding invite? I'd take it. "Fine. Give me info I can use, and you'll get your invitation."

"You could thank me, you know." She flipped some hair off her shoulder.

"For?"

"For sending Casey to you." She smiled. Her eyes begged me to touch her. That wasn't happening.

"How'd you do that?"

She pushed out her chest. "I may have persuaded her."

"What? How?" I stopped my beer a few inches from my lips.

"She was in my way. I merely made her see things differently." Her lips twisted into an evil smile.

"You used magic on her?" That was impossible. It was illegal for a witch to use magic against a Pteron, but even if they did, it wouldn't have made a Pteron change her mind.

"More than I planned to. That girl's head is hard to mess with."

"Because she's a Pteron. A Royal Pteron. Do you realize what crime you committed?"

She paled. "I thought she was human. I didn't break any laws."

"Forget the wedding invite, you're lucky if I don't turn you in."

"Then you don't want your info?" She leaned closer to me. "Don't you want to make Levi proud?"

I pushed her away. "Talk."

"Toby brought in the cousin."

"The one Casey lives with?"

"Lived with."

"What? What do you mean?" Had she moved in with Toby already?

"It's not what you're thinking." She laughed. "She got her own place."

"Oh." I relaxed. Surprisingly, it wasn't jealousy motivating me as much as concern. Casey needed to be careful who she trusted. She had so much to learn. "What did the cousin say?"

"I don't know. Toby kept me out of the room, but he seemed pretty upset afterward."

"Where's the cousin now?"

"I'm not sure. I wiped his memories before he left."

"Why wouldn't Toby have told Levi this?"

"He's trying to protect her. At least that's what I think."

"Thanks for the info." I got up.

"When can I expect the invitation?" She watched me.

"Soon." At the moment, I had more important things to do. I needed to find the cousin and figure out what Toby was hiding. I also had to tell Levi I changed my mind. Personal feelings aside, Casey needed protection. If Toby was worried about her, I needed to be too. Something about what Nelly said didn't sit right. Did she really think she influenced Casey's mind? How was that possible? No matter what, Casey needed training, and I was the best one to do that job.

Chapter Nineteen

Casey

We drank the bottle of wine curled up under one of my new throw blankets on the couch. We weren't cold, but the blanket was cozy especially since neither of us were wearing any clothes.

"Does the place feel lived in yet?" Toby grinned, pulling me back against his chest.

"Uh, yeah. Just a little." I looked around at my new apartment. I still didn't quite believe the place was all mine. Floor to ceiling windows gave us a perfect view of Central Park. It was the kind of apartment I'd dreamed about as a teen but never in a million years thought I'd live in.

"I don't think I could ever get enough of you."

"Yeah. I can kind of tell." I could feel how hard and ready he was. I wondered if he'd ever be fully sated. I wasn't sure whether I wanted him to be.

He brushed his lips against my ear. "I'd say I'm sorry about that, but I'm not."

"We need to talk first."

"About?" He settled back.

"You know what, but we need to get dressed beforehand."

"Why? I like you dressed just the way you are, especially when you're in my arms."

I pulled away, and stood up, unconcerned that without the blanket, I was completely exposed. "Because I'm not talking about my family while naked. I'd also love if you would put on some underwear too."

"You're no fun." He stood up, giving me a full frontal view of his body. He was aroused and just as gorgeous as always. I tossed his boxers at him, knowing I'd change my mind if he didn't get covered up soon. I was beginning to understand that the Pteron side of me was sexually charged. Jared had brought it out before I transformed, and it hadn't stopped. Things weren't quite as out of control with Toby, but they were better. We were more equals, and the emotional part matched the physical. Sex was way better that way.

"That's not what you were saying a little while ago." I pulled on his t-shirt. I figured I didn't need to get completely dressed.

Toby watched me as he slid into his boxers. "Do you want another glass of wine?"

"Quit stalling, Toby."

"Okay. Let's talk." He settled back down on the couch, and I joined him. I pulled my legs up underneath me and turned myself so I was looking right at him. "I had a little chat with your cousin."

"What?" I shot up off the couch, crushing Toby's leg in the process.

He seemed unconcerned with his leg, but very concerned with my reaction. "He won't remember the chat though."

"What do you mean?" I struggled to keep my voice calm. "What did you do to Rhett?"

"He's fine. Nelly just erased his-"

"Nelly! You subjected my cousin to that bit-" I stopped myself before I could say the word I really wanted to.

"She's paying me back for the hell she put us through. It was necessary. I'm trying to be completely honest with you. I could have left this part out, but I want it all out on the table."

I looked down at him skeptically. "Yeah, you really want this all out on the table. That's why you've been so excited to tell me about it."

He stood up and took both of my hands in his own. "Can you blame me? Things are finally going right for us. I didn't want to mess anything up. But I don't regret what I did. We need information, you said so yourself."

I reluctantly agreed and sat back down. He followed, taking my hands again after I pulled them away to sit.

"Vera went willingly." He didn't look at me.

"What? No way." There was absolutely no way that was true. Vera couldn't have left me that way.

"I know it's hard to believe, but he seemed sure of it. I guess she told him goodbye."

"She didn't say goodbye to me." I spoke the words softly, not wanting to hear them uttered out loud. Vera and I had always been close. I didn't want to believe it. I knew Toby wouldn't lie about something like this. Nor would Rhett. My heart sunk.

"I'm sorry, Casey. But maybe there's more to the story." He put an arm around my shoulder.

"There has to be." My spirits rose. "Maybe she didn't have a choice."

"We'll figure it out either way."

"You'll still help me find her?" I needed his help. Willing or not, Vera had left my life. I needed her back in it, or at least some closure. But was closure possible if she was choosing to spend her time with Murphy? With someone who obviously had something not so wonderful planned for me.

"Of course. Why would that change?"

"I don't know. Maybe now that you know that she wasn't kidnapped, it doesn't seem important enough."

He looked right at me. "She's your sister. We'll find her."

"Why do they want me? And if they did, why not take me when Vera left? Why wait?" There were so many unanswered questions. My head spun.

"I can't answer that. I wish I knew."

"Did Rhett tell you where Vera is?"

"He didn't know. I have a feeling if he did, he would have done something stupid trying to find her already. She may have left willingly, but he doesn't like that she stayed with them anymore than you do."

I pulled a hand back from Toby and rested my forehead in my palm. "So now what? What are we supposed to do?"

"I have my whole team searching for them. As soon as I know something, we'll plan from there."

It was my turn to make an admission. "Murphy told me she went willingly, but I didn't want to believe him."

"My gut tells me there's more to the story." He rubbed small circles on my back. "But promise me something."

"Yeah?"

"Promise you won't tell anyone about your mother being a bear. Especially not the Laurents. We need to keep that a secret for now."

I nodded. "I will."

He smiled lightly. "Is that enough information for tonight?"

"I don't know. Are you sure you've told me everything?"

"Yes. You now know everything I know."

"Then, yes, it's enough." I still had tons of unanswered questions, but I wasn't sure how much more I could handle, or how much more Toby could tell me.

He nestled his chin on my head. "Any chance we can get back to where we were earlier?"

"Do you think about anything other than sex?" I teased.

"Yes. I think about you."

"Do those thoughts involve sex with me?"

"Some of them."

I smiled. "At least you're honest."

"Completely." He repositioned me on the couch so my back was to him. He started in on a backrub.

I moaned. It felt so good.

"You're way too tense."

"There are a few things to be tense about."

"None of which you can do anything about tonight." He kissed my neck. "Besides, we leave for Hawaii next week. Even if we had a lead, Georgina would kill us both if we missed that wedding."

"I don't see why it's so important I'm there. I'm not really family." No matter what Georgina wanted me to think, I knew my existence complicated things.

"Yes, you are, but that's beside the point. They want you there."

"Thanks for coming with me. I know it can't be easy for you to go."

He continued his work on my shoulders. "It is easy since I'll be with you."

As much as I enjoyed the way his hands felt, I needed to see his face. I turned. "You really can be sweet sometimes."

"Only sometimes?"

"Most of the time."

He raised an eyebrow. "Only most of the time?"

"Yeah."

He grinned. "I'll show you sweet."

Before I knew it, he had me in his arms, carrying me toward my new bedroom. The room was probably ten times the size of my closet, and the king sized bed made my twin mattress on just a bedframe seem tiny. I wasn't sure what surprised me more, that the bed was mine, or that the guy currently hovering above me was. Either way, he was the one I cared about much more.

Chapter Twenty

Jared

Rhett was easy to find. He sat huddled over his desk in a tiny office in the anthropology building at NYU. Whatever the guy was hiding, he hadn't lied about his profession.

He didn't glance up from the pile of dusty books on his desk when I walked in.

"Rhett?"

He pushed a pair of wire rimmed glasses up on his nose when he turned to look at me. "Can I help you?"

"For your sake, I hope so." I didn't wait for an invitation. I walked in to his hovel and closed the door.

"If you don't mind, I'm kind of busy here."

"I do mind actually." I leaned against the door, letting him know he wasn't leaving.

"Who are you?"

"You tell me."

"Uh, that's a little hard since we've never met." He looked at me like he thought I was crazy. I wasn't buying it. Toby wouldn't have wasted his time interrogating an innocent human. "So I'll ask again. Who are you?"

"I could be asking you the same thing. Take off those dumb glasses. You aren't fooling anyone."

"Fooling anyone?" He gripped the arm of his chair, betraying the first hint of nerves. "What do you mean?"

I walked over and pulled off his glasses and broke them in two. "The whole Harry Potter look is out anyway."

"I need those!" He reached for the broken frame.

"No, you don't. You can see perfectly fine."

He sighed and mumbled something about it being his last pair "How'd you know?"

"Lucky guess." I smirked.

"What? You broke my glasses and didn't even know for sure."

I shrugged. "Turns out my hunch was right. So what are you?"

"I'll admit to not needing glasses, but that's it."

"You know what I am." My eyes locked on his. I wasn't asking him a question.

"I'm guessing you're a Pteron."

"Not just any Pteron. I'm head of security for The Society." I didn't break eye contact. "If I were you, I'd start talking."

"What am I supposed to be talking about?" He slowly let his nerdy cover fall. He still looked skinny as hell, but my gut instinct had been right. He wasn't human.

"Who you work for."

"NYU Anthropology and a few small grants cover my salary."

I took a chance. "How much is Murphy paying you?"

"Paying me? Murphy?"

I smiled to myself. This guy wasn't cut out for acting. "You know more than you told Toby."

"Toby?" He gave me a blank stare. "As in Blackwell? I haven't talked to him."

The witch wasn't lying. She had erased his memory. Either that, or he was an even better actor than I thought.

"Fine. Let's move on. Tell me about Murphy."

"Why would I know anything about him?"

I picked him up by his collar, pulling him from his chair. "Cut the crap. Tell me about Murphy."

"Okay."

I dropped Rhett back into his chair.

"He's a bear, but my guess is you already know that."

"How do you know him?" That was the key.

"He has my cousin."

"Vera?"

"You know about her?" He watched with surprise.

"I know her sister."

"Casey?" He lurched out of his seat. "How the hell do you know her?"

I kept our history to myself. "That's not what I'm here to discuss."

"What do you want with Casey? Leave her out of this."

"Whoa. Calm down." Evidently, I'd hit a nerve. He was protecting Casey from something. Did he know who her real dad was?

"What are you?" He didn't look like a shifter, but he wasn't human.

"I'd have thought you knew that already."

"Fill me in." I was done playing around.

"Then tell me what you're doing with Casey."

"I'm trying to protect her."

"By interrogating me?" He attempted to sound fearless, but I could see the uncertainty on his face.

I studied him, searching for a hint at his true identity. Then something dawned on me. "You're a bear."

"What finally tipped you off?"

"That's how you know Murphy. How your cousin got involved. Does Casey know? Did she know she had bears in her family?"

He shook his head. "Her mom made us keep everything from them."

That made sense. Most human women wouldn't want their kids knowing they had family like that. There had to be a connection between the bear in her family and what happened with Robert. Had they been introduced by a bear? Maybe that was why I kept hitting dead ends when I looked into her past. Her mom was hiding something.

"Tell me more about Murphy." I wanted to know about the mother, but Murphy took priority.

"He has a base upstate. That's all I know."

"Tell me something I don't already know." My patience was wearing thin.

"You know about the base?" He sat forward. "Then why don't you take him out?"

"Because I need details." I'd found a few possible places that could be their compounds, but I didn't have enough evidence yet.

"I don't have those. I just know he's upstate."

"There's more." I could always tell when someone was holding back.

"Murphy's there, but I don't think the boss is."

"The boss?" So I was right. Murphy wasn't in charge.

"Yeah. I don't know anything about him."

"Who do you know about?"

"Murphy and his brother, Fin."

"Fin?"

"Yeah. He dated Casey for awhile, and I think he'd be a decent guy if it weren't for his brother."

"So he may be the easier one to break?"

"Exactly."

"Got it." Kid brother who liked Casey. Great. Like a lot of other things, that bothered me more than it should have.

A knock on the door had us both turning.

"Rhett? I thought I heard voices in here. What are you doing back so soon?" a woman asked from the doorway.

"Ah, I decided to cut my research short."

I slipped out while they talked. I needed to discover more about the boss. Whoever it was, wasn't someone I wanted to meet unprepared.

***

Allie had a knack for always calling me at inopportune times. It's not like she called often, but when she did, there was always a reason.

"Hello, princess." I grabbed my phone as I toweled myself off. I'd heard her ringer just as I was finishing up. If it were anyone else, I probably would have let it go to voicemail, but upsetting Allie would just make things worse with Levi.

"Hi. This isn't a bad time, is it?"

"Not unless you mind talking to me when I'm naked." I had to push her buttons. She might be my best friend's mate, but it was too hard to resist.

"Thanks for that fabulous mental picture, but believe it or not, I didn't call to confess my burning desire for you."

"Good. That could have made things awkward with Levi."

She sighed. "I'll get to the point. You need to make things right with Casey."

"I did make things right. I told her to stay away."

"Jared!"

"Allie!" I stepped into a pair of pants.

"You need to do something. I don't want her beating herself up about it anymore. It's not good for her."

"What's she beating herself up about?"

Allie groaned. "Seriously? Are you that dense? She feels awful about sleeping with you. She opened herself up to you just to have the door slammed in her face. She needs to know it's not her fault."

"She can't care that much. She's back with Toby."

Allie sighed. "I don't know what happened with you two, but it wasn't love. If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were under a spell or something. The girl's crazy about Toby, she has been the whole time. I asked you to stay away from her."

"And you're not in charge of me."

"Technically, I am, but anyway."

I laughed. "Technically, you're in charge of me now?"

"I am the queen." I heard some rustling.

"What are you doing?"

"Packing."

"Packing for what?" I put on a t-shirt and took a seat on the edge of the bed.

"The wedding and honeymoon."

"Why would you need to pack anything for the honeymoon? Aren't you guys going to a private island or something?"

"What does that matter?"

"Like Levi's ever going to let you get dressed."

"Okay, on that note... fix things with Casey."

I laughed. "You're such a prude, and I'll try my best." But I was pretty sure my best wouldn't be nearly good enough.

Chapter Twenty-One

Casey

I'd missed so many shifts at work that I knew there wasn't a chance I was coming up with the money for fall tuition. You'd think with everything else going on, I wouldn't be worried about paying for classes, but college was the only thing in my plans. I'd never imagined a future that didn't involve a degree of some sort. I decided to take a walk over to the financial aid office. Maybe there were some other scholarships I could apply for. Too bad there wasn't a special one for non-humans. I smiled to myself as I pushed open the door to the office.

"Sign in at the desk." A woman barely glanced up at me from where she sat behind a glass partition.

"Thanks," I mumbled as I scrawled my name on the bright white sheet of paper. There were four names above mine, three were scratched out. I assumed the remaining name belonged to the guy sitting in the corner, intently concentrating on his phone. It was probably a game.

I took a seat on the opposite side of the room from the cell phone kid and started flipping through a magazine. It was one of those fashion ones I would only ever read in waiting rooms.

"Donaldson," a woman called. The kid pocketed his phone and followed her down a narrow hallway. I glanced up briefly before returning to an article about fall fashion predictions. I'd read the entire magazine and another by the time the women returned.

"Bates," the woman called, and the cell phone kid slunk out of the office. It didn't look like his meeting had gone particularly well. Hopefully, mine would go better. I followed her down the hallway.

"Ms. Bates, please take a seat." The woman gestured to a chair in front of a light wooden desk.

"Thanks." I sat down.

"What is it that I can help you with today?" She leaned back in her chair.

I noticed her name plate. Noreen Talbot.

"Well, Ms. Talbot, I'm here to see if any additional aid opportunities may have opened since I was last here."

"Let me see what I can find. Can I see your student ID?"

I passed the plastic card over to her and she began typing on her computer. The ID was only good for another few months before it expired. I hoped to come up with the money before that happened.

She looked at me funny. "Were you looking for aid to cover your living expenses?"

"No." I shook my head. "Just tuition."

"According to your records, your tuition has been paid in full." She looked at the screen again. "For seven semesters."

"What?" I sat up with shock. "How could that be?"

Ms. Talbot looked me over. "Maybe a relative took care of it for you?"

Georgina. Of course. "That must be it." My head spun. She paid for another three and a half years of college? The amount of money that would cost was a small fortune.

After regaining my composure, I stood. "Thank you for your time."

I walked out of financial aid with mixed feelings. On one hand, I didn't have to worry about paying for college anymore, but on the other, what could she possibly want in return? The apartment could be an investment property for her, and a wardrobe was one thing, but college tuition? Something like that couldn't possibly come without strings.

***

I preferred Toby's private jet to the Laurents'. I'd never admit that out loud, especially not to Georgina, but there was something more comfortable about his. Maybe it wasn't the plane as much as the company. I settled back into my seat, trying to comprehend how in the world I was on my way to a royal wedding in Hawaii.

"You don't have to stay buckled in the whole time." Toby rested his arm on the back of a brown leather sofa.

"I guess I'm still used to flying commercial." I tapped the buckle of my seatbelt. "You know, the whole stay buckled when you're in your seat thing."

"Is that so?" He strode over with a grin on his face, and I knew I was in trouble.

"Yes." I looked him right in the eye.

"I guess it's a good thing I make the rules on this plane, then." He slid into the seat next to me and gently unbuckled my seatbelt. "I'm going to have to insist you come with me, miss."

"Oh no. Don't go there."

"Go where?" He looked at me with mock innocence.

"With the role play. What, are you going to pretend to be an air marshal or something?"

"An air marshal?" Toby laughed. "Not exactly, but are you that against role play?"

"It's not my thing."

"Why do I get the feeling there's a story behind that?" He brushed a few strands away from my face.

"Can't we get back to where we were? Weren't you going to whisk me away from my seat?"

"Ah, yes. The air marshal fantasy you so obviously have."

"Stop!" I hit Toby's arm in what I thought was a playful way.

He rubbed his arm. "Mental note, no teasing you about sexual fantasies."

"Speaking of sexual fantasies..."

"Uh oh. Where is this going?" He grinned again.

"Can you um, can you have sex..."

"Are you trying to ask me if we can have sex with our wings out?"

"Maybe." I looked down. Even with how confident Toby made me, I still felt strange talking about sex and the non-human thing. It reminded me of how much more of a sexual appetite I had now.

"I've heard it's better than flying."

"You've heard? Meaning you've never..."

"Nope. You can't exactly show your wings if you're pretending to be human."

"Yeah, I guess not."

"Want to try?" He ran a finger down my bare arm.

"When?"

"Now."

"Now? Right here on the plane?" My body tensed. I wasn't expecting him to say that.

"Aren't your wings begging to come out anyway?" His voice was barely a whisper in my ear.

"Maybe." I couldn't deny it. Flying in planes was definitely not one of my favorite activities anymore-even if it was on a private jet with a guy I liked and who made my body temperature rise just by looking at me a certain way. He was looking at me that way at the moment.

"Excuse me? Would either of you care for a beverage?" A young flight attendant interrupted us.

I could feel the blood rushing to my face. How much had she heard?

"No, thanks." Toby didn't take his eyes off me. "I think we've got other plans."

I pushed on his arm, lighter this time. I didn't appreciate him making things even more awkward.

"Ah, oh okay." The woman, clearly flustered, disappeared.

"What was that for?" I glared at him.

"What? Were you thirsty?"

"No." I crossed my arms. "But you didn't need to make it so obvious what we're planning to do."

"Why not? Do we have anything to hide?"

"No, but-"

"Then who cares? We aren't doing anything wrong." He tugged on my hand. "Come here."

I let him pull me up, allowing both sides of my seatbelt to fall to the side.

He led me down the aisle to a room I noticed but never asked him about. "You don't seriously have a bedroom on here, do you?"

"Of course I do." He paused with his hand on the door handle. "And I'd like to use it unless you'd prefer the couch." There wasn't much that distinguished Toby's plane from a luxurious living room. Complete with couches and a full bar, it was pretty over the top. It didn't really seem like his type of thing, but I assumed it had come with the job-or his family.

"Open the door, Toby." I mustered a confident voice.

"I thought you'd say that." He held open the door so I could walk in first.

I glanced around the small space. A double bed, situated between a night stand and some cabinets, took up most of the room. Otherwise, it was empty.

"Should I bother with the lights?"

"No." I had grown to really enjoy the dark more. Even with the night vision, it enhanced your other senses.

He closed the door behind him then turned to look at me. "Looks like you've become a do it in the dark girl."

"Does that bother you?" I asked coyly.

"Nothing about you could bother me." He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me against him.

"Are you sure it's okay that we're doing this? What if someone needs you?"

"Last time I checked, neither of us were flying the plane. Can you try to relax?" He left tiny kisses on my neck.

I nodded.

"Good, because after all that air marshal talk, I don't think I can just go sit down."

I pushed against his arm. "You tease me too much."

"Is that possible?" He rubbed my back. "You like my teasing."

"Maybe a little." I slid my hand under the bottom of his shirt.

"I think it's a lot." He tickled my ear with his lips. "You like it a lot."

How could a discussion on teasing me be so hot? I leaned my head back, letting him know I wanted his lips on my neck. He got the hint, and at the same time his hands started to move up my shirt. They slipped easily under my bra. Before I'd registered it, he had my shirt and bra off. I tugged off his shirt and moved on to his pants. I wanted him, and I didn't want to wait. Neither did he. He had me out of my pants and underwear and down on my back. "Ready to admit you like when I tease you?" His mouth did the teasing this time as he moved it down from my neck.

"Yes."

"Good."

I prepared myself for all the pleasure I knew was coming, but my excitement was short lived.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Toby

Casey jerked back from me as soon as the knocking started.

"Yes?" I called without bothering to hide my annoyance.

"Sir? You have a phone call," the flight attendant said through the door.

"Can you take a message? We're, uh, a little busy here."

Casey playful pushed me. I laughed.

"Okay. I'll tell them."

I waited for the sound of her footsteps to fade away before returning my attention to the beautiful and very naked Casey underneath me. I'd never get tired of seeing her that way. She was truly the most amazing site, and I couldn't wait to see what she looked like naked with her wings.

I'd just lowered my mouth to her breast when the knocking started again.

"What?"

"Sir. They won't leave a message."

"Who is it?"

Casey rolled out from underneath me and started to get dressed. So much for enjoying the flight. I reluctantly got dressed as well.

"It's Jared Florence, sir."

I groaned. By then, we were both dressed so I wrenched open the door and took the phone from the flight attendant who was doing a poor job of hiding her amusement. Casey really didn't need to worry about embarrassing the shifter.

"What do you want?" I barked out. Getting interrupted was bad enough, but did it have to be Jared? You'd think that after getting Casey back, my annoyance level would have dropped, but it didn't. I was still so angry at him for using her, and hurting her. She acted like it didn't matter, but I know his response to her Pteron nature stung. Whether she wanted to be with him or not, rejection still hurts like hell. Either way, he was going to have to apologize. I didn't like it, but she was a Laurent, and they'd be seeing a lot of each other.

"Is that any way to greet the head of security?" I could practically see his smirk.

"What do you want?"

"We need to talk."

I sat on the edge of the bed. "Evidently. That is why you called, isn't it?"

Casey looked at me questioningly. She could probably hear his side of the conversation too.

He let out a deep breath. "I know you hate me, but I hate you too, so it kind of equals out."

Casey laughed.

"Is that Casey?" His voice lilted. Her name and voice still meant something to him. Maybe he wasn't the cold, heartless bastard I thought he was. At least not completely.

"Yes."

"Could you put her on?" His voice went back to hard and serious.

"Why?"

"Because I need to talk to her."

She nodded so I handed over the phone.

"Hi." Her voice was so soft and tentative. Gone was the confident tone she used with me. I hated that he did that to her, but I was glad she could still be strong with me. I stayed close enough to listen in.

He didn't respond for a second. "I'm an ass. Let's just get that out there."

She laughed. "I'll agree with you there."

"But that said, we have to move past what happened. I want to help you, and you need to help me."

"You want to help me?"

"Yes. But first, I need your help and Toby's."

"With?"

"Can you put me on speaker?"

She handed me the phone, and I changed it to speaker mode. "Go ahead."

"This wedding is important. I don't really get it, but Levi really cares about how it goes."

"Of course he does. He wants it perfect for Allie." Casey smiled. "Most guys want to make their bride happy."

"Whatever. That part doesn't matter. The bigger issue is that I've got a bad feeling about it."

"A bad feeling?" I tried to keep the skepticism from my voice. "We act on feelings now?"

"Allie wanted to get married in Hawaii... I get that, but it's the one U.S. territory on rocky ground right now for us. It's the perfect location for a strike."

"You're worried Murphy's going to attack." It hit me. Jared wasn't just worried about Allie and Levi. He was worried about Casey too.

"Make a stop in L.A. I'm getting on."

"Where are you now?"

"Waiting for you."

"Wait. You're getting on this plane?" Casey didn't hide her anxiety. She was probably more afraid of facing Jared than she was of Murphy.

"Yes. Is that a problem?" There was a challenge in his words. He knew Casey better than I thought. She never stepped down from a challenge.

She clenched the comforter in her fist. "No. Come on aboard."

"I'll wait till you land." The phone call ended.

"Oh, I guess we're going to have company." She walked to the doorway.

I stopped her and looked right into her eyes. "If you don't want him to, we don't have to stop."

"Yes, we do." She smiled lightly before walking out of the room. I didn't like the flash of sadness that crossed her eyes. It wasn't just about Jared, it was about everything. Her life as she knew it had spiraled out of control. I knew those feelings and wanted to make it better. The only trouble was I wasn't sure how.

So much for an enjoyable fight. I followed her back out into the main cabin of the plane. She took the same seat again and watched out the window. After telling the pilot to detour to LAX, I sat silently beside her for a few minutes. Then she got up and started to pace. She walked up and down the aisle, and I could see the wheels turning in her head. If things weren't so stressful, it might have even been cute.

I tried to stay out of her way. "If you don't stop, you might wear right through the floor."

She turned. "Let's hope the floor of this plane is stronger than that."

I laughed. "I think so."

After the pilot announced our descent, we took our seats for landing. I took her hand in mine. "You can handle this."

She smiled. "I know. It's going to be an awkward weekend. I might as well get used to it, right?"

I squeezed her hand. "We'll make it fun. I promise you that."

Moments after taxiing, the pilot let me know our passengers had arrived. I gave Casey's hand another squeeze. It took me a second to process what he'd said. Passengers? As in more than one.

I heard voices from the front of the plane and went to investigate. "Uh uh. No way."

"What? I told you I was coming." Jared tried to push past me onto the plane.

"Yeah. You didn't mention this one was coming." I pointed at another of my least favorite people, or should I say Pterons, in the world.

"Great to see you too, Toby." Cade patted me on the shoulder. The new Pteron king of the West Coast was dressed in a blazer, slacks, and flip flops.

"And this must be Casey." He slipped past me and stopped in front of Casey. "It's an honor to meet you, princess." He kissed her hand.

I cleared my throat. "How does he know who she is?"

He gave me a long, cold stare. "Because it's my right to know. You may help run New York, but I'm in charge of the West Coast now."

"Yeah. I remember." Cade was a king, I wasn't. Instead of running my own kingdom, I did grunt work for Levi.

Casey looked between us.

Despite my distaste, I still had to introduce them. "Casey, this is Cade. He's the heir of the Daly family."

"Oh... is that supposed to mean something to me?"

Cade laughed. "You've got a great sense of humor. Come, let's talk." He nodded toward the seat she'd been sitting in earlier.

I knew he wasn't trying to hit on her. He was only trying to help his position by sweet talking an ally, but I didn't like it. I didn't like having two other male Pterons on my plane, especially considering how long of a flight we still had.

"Is there a reason you decided to join us?" I tried to keep my voice low, but I didn't appreciate having another uninvited guest cutting into my time with Casey. The weekend was going to be enough of a circus for us.

"You know, saving money on fuel." Cade laughed, but no one else did. "Fine. I ran into Jared. I thought I'd join you."

"In other words, you wanted to meet Casey before the wedding." Jared didn't mince words.

"That might have played a role." He shot Casey what he probably thought was a charming smile. I'd call it predatory. Evidently, the new title hadn't assuaged his hunger for power. If anything, it might have made it worse.

She walked back to her seat. "We're probably taking off soon."

I quickly sat down next to her before Cade could. Jared was clearly keeping his distance, so I wasn't quite as worried there.

"Is everyone ready for the big event? I mean, it isn't every day the King of The Society gets married." Cade rested his hands behind his head. He had no problem getting comfortable on my plane.

"Oh yeah." Jared didn't seem particularly excited about the nuptials. Maybe I was imagining things though. I tended to see the worst in him.

"It should be fun. Besides, I've always wanted to go to Hawaii." Casey seemed excited about the trip even though I knew she was still panicky about her sister. I hoped I'd have some better news for her by the time we came back. Jared seemed to have something, but you could never tell with him.

I expected a call from Tim with an update at any time. Nelly tried to come along, arguing that she had an invite, but I made her stay back in case Tim needed her help. Technically, Tim may have needed a witch's assistance, but more importantly, I refused to subject Casey to her presence any more than absolutely necessary. Considering the situation couldn't be easy for her, what with watching a half-brother she'd just met get married, I didn't want to do anything that could potentially make it worse.

"Kauai is a beautiful island. If you need a tour guide, be sure to let me know." Cade threw her another charming smile.

I put an arm around her. "She'll be fine."

"I'm sure..." He looked between us. "So I guess you guys are breaking all the rules, huh?"

"Don't start." I glared at him.

"Do you know why they have it?" Casey gripped the armrest next to her. She was obviously nervous to ask. She also carefully avoided looking at Jared. We still hadn't discussed it.

"No. I've never cared to ask though."

Jared cleared his throat. He was obviously uncomfortable with the conversation. Tough luck. No one cared how he felt.

"It's bullshit. There's no reason for it." I felt confident in my answer. Even without what Rhett told me, things with Casey were too natural to be wrong.

Cade surprised me. "I agree. Besides, I assume Casey's crow?"

"Yes." She watched him carefully.

"The only excuse I've ever heard is we're too closely related, but that's just in the same bird. I don't think Pterons from different types have ever had this issue. We're supposed to hate each other."

I scowled. "Such a wonderful way to put it."

Cade shrugged. "Hey. I have no problem with it as long as you're good to our girl here." Then he turned to Jared. "But why am I getting the vibe Toby isn't the only one who's been close to her?"

Casey groaned and buried her face in her hands.

Jared took care of it. "End of this conversation. New one. How's the West Coast going?"

"It's going. We didn't get as many attacks as you guys, but I had to deal with some serious political fall-out from the humans."

Jared crossed his arms. "No complaining. You weren't concerned with the politics when you took over what belonged to Levi."

Cade held up his hands. "I'm not complaining. I'm just saying it's been a crazy few months."

Casey laughed. "I know the feeling."

Cade turned to her. "I take it you had no hints of your true identity."

"None. I was just getting used to the idea that Pterons existed when I found out I was one."

"I'm sure it was quite a shock. I still remember the first time I transformed. It was intense, and I'd been raised around Pterons."

"I bet it's always a crazy feeling." She gazed at some spot on the wall. I wished I knew what she was thinking about. Did she wish her life could go back to the way it was?

"But a cool one." Jared stretched out his legs in front of him. "The older I get, the more natural it is. Sometimes I'd prefer to always have my wings."

"Wow. Jared Florence waxing philosophical." Cade grinned. "And I thought I'd seen everything."

"I'm just saying. It's something that grows stronger." Jared looked at Casey. "One day, you'll stop viewing your Pteron form as different from who you are. They blend together."

"I can see that, but I'm not there yet." She still didn't look right at him. She avoided his eyes.

"You don't have to be." I put an arm behind her. "You're doing great."

"Thanks." She smiled and relaxed into my side. At least I knew I made her comfortable. I had a feeling she'd need all the comfort she could get over the next few days.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Jared

She looked scared. Casey looked terrified of me and that sent a shot of agony through me. It was obviously my fault. What with telling her she didn't exist to me and then showing up on Toby's plane. I didn't want her to be scared.

The more time that passed, the clearer everything was becoming. I needed to talk to her. I waited until Toby and Cade were occupied to take my chance. I walked over to where she sat gazing out the window. "Hey."

"Hi." There was absolutely no excitement in her voice.

"Can we talk?" I pressed as hard as I could without frightening her more.

"Okay." She made no move to leave her seat.

"Alone." That was the only way this was going to work.

"Absolutely not." Toby chose that moment to butt in.

"Since when are you making Casey's decisions for her?" I knew that line of insinuations would get the result I wanted.

"Haven't you caused enough harm already?" Toby frowned. "You're here to discuss strategy, not to torture her."

I ignored his obvious problem with me. His opinion wasn't the one I cared about. "We just have some things to discuss."

"Fine." Casey stood up. "Let's talk."

She took off down the aisle, and I followed. She stopped short in front of a door. I assumed it led to a bedroom, but I didn't suggest we go inside. "Listen, I need to ask you something."

"Ask." She frowned.

"Did Nelly talk to you in New Orleans?"

"Yeah." She watched me nervously. "Right before we went to the prison."

"What did she say to you?"

"Why does it matter?" She crossed her arms over her chest protectively. I was hit by another jolt of pain.

"I just need to know."

Casey sighed. "She told me Toby wasn't over Allie, and that he only liked me because I reminded him of her. At least that's the gist of it."

"Was that it?"

"Why do you care so much?" She uncrossed her arms.

"I'm just trying to figure a few things out." I took another look at her face. I needed to put her at ease. "You can stop hating yourself."

"Who says I hate myself?"

"Says me. Says Allie." Her words had stuck with me.

"Allie told you I felt that way?" A look of hurt crossed her face.

"Don't get mad. I pulled it out of her."

"No matter what she said, I still wanted to, uh, sleep with you." She looked down at the floor. I hated that she was embarrassed. Why did I have to take things so far? I'd hurt her, and there was no going back to smooth over the past.

"You weren't the only one. I was surprised you moved on from Toby that quickly, and I should have assumed something was going on. I guess I just wanted you and didn't bother to ask questions. Freaking out on you was even worse. I knew it wasn't your fault, I just couldn't handle you looking at me like you still liked me." I let out a deep breath. That was harder than I expected.

"You don't apologize much, do you?" Her lips twisted into a small smile.

"Is it that obvious?"

"Yes, but I'm not great at it either."

"This is going to sound lame in every possible way, but is there a chance we can try the friend thing? We're probably going to be seeing a lot of each other."

"Friend thing? Have you ever been friends with a girl you've had sex with?" She watched me expectantly.

"I've only had one female friend, and I'd be dead right now if I'd slept with her."

She laughed. "I take it you mean Allie, but does this friend thing mean you're cool if I date Toby?"

"Surprisingly, I am. Am I a little jealous? Yeah, but that's also a new experience for me."

She laughed again. It was nice to see her relax around me a little. "Is that all we needed to chat about?"

"Not entirely."

"Oh? There's more?"

"I'm going to help you." There. I'd put it out there in person. I wondered if she'd notice that I hadn't phrased it as a question.

"Help me how?"

"Teaching you how to use your new strength and abilities, and by helping you find Vera."

She inhaled a sharp breath. "You know where Vera is?"

"I think so. I'll know for sure in a few days." We were getting closer to moving in, but I had to get through the wedding before we could do more.

"You have to tell me." She grabbed my shirt, pulling me into her. Casey really needed someone to help her understand her strength. As I suspected, Hailey wasn't cutting it. The other possibility was that Casey wasn't listening to her.

"Calm down." I looked around her and noticed Toby walking down the aisle. "I already told you I'm going to help."

"Help with what?" Toby asked. "You still haven't told us why you're here."

"He knows where Vera is!" Casey's face flooded with excitement. I really hoped I was making the right decision. She had a right to know, and she needed to find her sister, but I couldn't let her put herself in danger.

"Do you?" Toby looked at me with a mix of surprise and possibly admiration. "When do we go, then?"

"We?" I hoped he wasn't including her.

"Yes. You and me."

"Uh, I'm coming too. Don't think I'm staying behind."

"What are we discussing?" Cade made the already crowded aisle feel nearly claustrophobic.

"My sister is missing and Jared knows where to find her." Casey moved around me. "Jared, please tell the pilot where he's dropping us off."

"Dropping us off? First, you're not coming and second, we have a wedding to be at tomorrow. We're not going now."

"The key word is tomorrow." She tied up her hair like she was preparing to fight or something.

"You think we're going to rescue your sister before the wedding?" I'm sure my jaw was on the floor.

"I know it. How can I go and celebrate a wedding when I know we're so close to finding Vera?"

"I'm in," Cade added casually. "Where are we going?"

"We're already hours in the wrong direction." I needed to stall her. We couldn't do this yet.

"I can get all my men behind us." Cade surprised me by actually being helpful.

"If we wait until after the wedding, all of the Laurents will help too." Levi wasn't going to sign off on anything until after the wedding. He wouldn't care what I did afterward.

"And obviously the Blackwell's will." Toby put his hands on her shoulders and looked her in the eyes. "I know you don't want to wait, but you need to."

"Two days? We'll go right after the wedding?" Her voice said it all. She was giving in.

"Yes." I didn't hesitate with the answer. As little as I knew about Casey outside of our experience together, I knew how much finding her sister meant. I had two days. Two days to make sure everything checked out, and I could keep Casey safe in the process. Of course, I also had to do best man duties and keep Levi from losing it. Nothing I couldn't handle.

"Should we call Eric? Do you think he can help us at all?" Casey took a seat on the couch, and Toby joined her.

"I don't know."

"What do you mean? We can't trust him?" Her doe eyes got bigger.

"He's being watched. Just like we all are."

She crossed her arms. "Then get word to him. We need all the help we can get."

"I don't disagree. I just don't want to promise anything I can't deliver." Toby looked right at me. He was warning me that I better have a plan. I did, but I wasn't ready to discuss it yet. And I also needed to remind them of another small detail.

"But this might all be for nothing."

"Excuse me?" Casey sat up and glared at me.

"They might come to us. Murphy's been completely silent. That has to be for a reason. They're planning something. I just don't know what."

"Why do you think so?" Cade paced behind the couch.

"Because they know we're isolated. They know Levi is going to be distracted."

"Do you think they'd bring Vera with them?" Casey sat back again.

"Maybe, but I doubt it. Even if they didn't, getting their leader away would make it easier to get to her." Toby ran a hand down Casey's arm. I tried to ignore the intimate action.

"Only if they send their leader."

"You don't think it would be Murphy himself?" Casey asked.

"Murphy would come, but he's not the leader."

"What?" Casey was up on her feet. "What do you mean he's not the leader?"

"Murphy isn't running things. He's working for someone else."

"But who?" She looked so upset I couldn't stand it. "Who would he be working for?"

"I'm trying to find out. Whoever it is keeps their identity closely guarded."

"It better not be anyone else I'm related to."

I laughed. At least Casey could still make a joke.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Casey

I was tired. I was tired of all the surprises, the lack of control, and my inability to do anything about my life anymore.

"I have no idea what I should do next." I sighed, not caring that three Pterons were listening. I was also tired of putting on a strong face when all I wanted to do was crumple into a ball.

"What do you mean, what you're doing next?" Jared asked. Toby and Cade remained quiet. They were the smart ones. I was so angry and upset I was close to transforming.

"I mean what the heck I'm going to do with my life now that I know I'm not human. I can't exactly go back to what I was doing before." I'd been so overwhelmed that I'd barely even thought about my future. Could I really just go about living like nothing had happened? Georgina paid my tuition, but where would college fit in? Was I supposed to take on some sort of position? So far, no one had told me anything, and I hadn't asked. My first plan was to find Vera. After that, I'd have to figure out my next step.

Jared gave me a funny look. "You're a Laurent. That means you'll end up down in New Orleans eventually."

"No, it doesn't. She doesn't have to sit around, waiting at her brother's beck and call." Toby decided to jump in.

"I'm the only one who's going to be making decisions about my life. I don't know what I want to do yet. End of story." I tried to control my anger. The hardest part of being a Pteron was learning to control your emotions. "Let's use the rest of this flight to figure out what's going to happen in the next few days."

Cade laughed. "And here I thought this would be a relaxing weekend away."

"Is anything involving The Society ever relaxing?" Toby put his arm behind me, and I settled back against it. I needed the normalcy I got from physical contact with him.

"No. Good point." Cade took a seat on a chair. "So tell me, how's Levi doing? Is he ready for the big 'I do'?'"

"Yeah, but he's making a big deal about it." Jared rolled his eyes like it was the most ridiculous thing ever.

"I'm sure Allie wants everything perfect." Cade smirked.

I kept Allie's admission to myself. If they wanted to think she was the so-called typical bride obsessed with details, they could. I knew the truth. She just wanted to marry the man she loved. At least in all the zaniness, I'd technically be gaining a sister-in-law. Allie was one of the more normal parts of my new life. The current situation of sitting around with three Pterons who clearly didn't like each other... not so much.

"Would it would be okay if I went to lie down?" I asked Toby but really I wasn't exactly asking.

"Sure. I'd join you, but I don't want to leave these two alone out here."

"I'll be fine on my own." I gave his hand a squeeze before walking back into the bedroom.

***

I came out of the bedroom as we began our descent. I hadn't actually slept, but I used the time to think. Sometimes it felt like my life was moving so quickly around me that I couldn't even keep up. With all the things I didn't know, I decided to focus on the things I did. I needed to find Vera. I'd have to figure everything else out as I went along.

Toby met me halfway down the aisle as though he'd been on his way to get me. "Good timing."

"Yeah?"

"The island just came into view."

I hurried over to a window and watched the swath of green below. "Beautiful."

"It is called the Garden Isle." Jared smiled and things felt more normal already. As much as I'd dreaded facing him, now that we'd gotten the worst of it over with, I felt better. Most importantly, I knew he was on my side. Whatever his reasons, he wanted to help me find Vera. Maybe afterward, we'd find a way to be friends like he suggested. He'd been right about one thing, if I chose to stay with the Laurents, we'd be seeing a lot of each other. Avoiding each other would be out of the question.

I gathered my stuff and buckled up as the plane lowered the landing gear. I had no idea what the weekend would hold in store for us, but I was ready for it. The next few days were about Allie, and I'd do what it took to make sure my worry and frustration didn't ruin it for her.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Toby

I could have kissed Allie. That probably sounds bad considering we were at her wedding, but she was definitely on my good list. Scratch that, great list. I'd been hoping my room would be located near Casey's, but I got a better surprise when we checked in-our rooms were adjoining.

Allie watched us from a few feet away when we grabbed our keys. "Happy with the room assignments?"

"I think they'll work out okay." I held back a smile.

"They're perfect. Thanks." Casey smiled somewhat shyly. Was she embarrassed?

Allie smiled. "I wasn't positive what your status was...so I played it safe."

"It was very thoughtful." Casey adjusted the strap of her bag on her shoulder.

"Go have fun you two."

"Where are you off to?" Casey asked.

"Levi's supposed to meet me here." She glanced around. "But he's not here yet."

Casey smiled. "I wouldn't worry."

"Sorry, babe!" Levi ran into the lobby.

"Where have you been?" She looked him over warily.

"Oh. Nowhere."

I shook my head. "It had better be a good surprise, man."

He laughed. "That obvious?"

"You're grinning from ear to ear." Casey smiled. "We'll see you guys at the rehearsal."

I followed Casey over to the elevator. She insisted on handling all her bags herself. I knew she was more than strong enough, but call me old fashioned, I liked doing that kind of thing for a girl.

"So the room set up is pretty convenient." The elevator door opened, and I waited for her to walk in first.

"Convenient? That's one way to put it."

"How else would you?" I pushed the button for our floor.

"Lucky. This way I can lock you out of my side if you get out of line."

"Oh yeah? What does out of line entail?"

"Okay. None of that, you guys." Hailey jumped into the elevator right before it closed.

"Hey!" Casey greeted Hailey excitedly.

Hailey hugged her, causing Casey to drop one of her bags. I quickly picked it up. "I'm glad you guys made it. I thought you were supposed to be in earlier."

"We had to make a little detour to pick up more passengers." Casey shifted her weight.

"Oh? Wait. Didn't Jared get in at the same time?"

I could see the wheels turning in Hailey's head. "Jared and Cade decided to hop a ride with us at LAX."

Hailey laughed. "I bet that was an entertaining flight."

Casey attempted to shrug, but with a tote bag slung over her shoulder, it wasn't easy. "I slept for most of the flight."

"Okay. This is me." The elevator opened on the floor below ours. "I'll see you guys in a few." Hailey stepped off.

"I really like her." Casey made the comment out loud, but it was almost like she was telling herself.

"Yeah. Hailey's cool."

"She's been really friendly and helpful. If I have to spend time in New Orleans, I'm going to be hanging out with her."

"I'm glad. She seems like someone you'd want on your side." At least that's how she came across. She seemed to be a really good friend to Allie. We got off on our floor.

"This is me." Casey stopped in front of a door. She dropped her bags and inserted her room key into the door. I waited until she'd stepped inside before walking next door to my room. By the time I'd entered, she had the door connecting the rooms open.

"Hello there, neighbor." She smiled.

"Hello, we probably don't need both rooms, but maybe we can use both." I dropped my bags and stopped right inside my side of the doorway.

"I haven't decided whether I'm going to let you into my room." She leaned against the door frame.

"You haven't decided yet?"

"Nope. You'll have to convince me."

I liked this playful side of her. "I'll convince you." I met her in the doorway and leaned in. "You already know I can distract you. I guess it's time to show you just how convincing I can be." I ran my lips down her neck, loving the groan it elicited. I curled a finger through her belt loop, pulling her against me.

She shivered beneath my touch. "Do you think we have time for a quick shower? I could use one after that flight."

"Did you intentionally use the word we? Did I convince you already?"

She smiled a mischievous smile. "What do you think?"

"I think after getting interrupted earlier, we definitely need one."

"I guess you just answered your own question then."

I caught up with her and pulled her back against me. "We have a few hours before the rehearsal. Think we have time to try out both showers?"

"Let's hope so."

***

I didn't have to actually be at the rehearsal, but I wanted to be. I got the sense that Casey wanted me there, and I also didn't want to leave her side. Even without Jared's warnings, I was worried about her safety. Casey was strong, but she was also oblivious to what was going on around her. I could sneak up on her without her having any clue. She needed more training. I might have kept my mouth shut so far, but I wasn't leaving it all up to the Laurents.

"Lovely view, isn't it?" Cade stood next me on the shore. The ceremony was set to take place right on the beach. I knew he wasn't talking about the majestic ocean.

"That it is." Casey looked beautiful in her light pink beach cover-up. Her hair was down, and strands of it blew around in the wind. I felt tempted to take a picture. She looked so light and happy. I hoped some of it was a result of our shower. I knew the rest was from the fresh air and sun. She was definitely the kind of girl who loved the outdoors. I was the same way. Just another way we were compatible.

"How serious do you think Jared was about Murphy attacking?" Cade slid on a pair of sunglasses.

"He isn't one to joke about something like that. He seemed nervous."

"If it makes you feel better, I'm looking out for her too."

"And why would you do that?"

"Because she's good for The Society. We need new blood. She'll help balance Levi."

"Wait. Do you think she's going to help rule or something?"

"It's not unheard of..." He looked away. I knew he was working on his own agenda. I just wasn't exactly sure what it was.

"She's not interested."

"But are you?" He turned back toward me. "Are you interested?"

"Are you accusing me of using Casey to get power?" Just the thought of it made my blood boil.

"Not using her, just looking at all the benefits."

I couldn't see his eyes through his shades, and that made me more annoyed. "I have no interest in power." I didn't. If it were up to me, I'd take Casey and run the hell away from everything else. But she wouldn't want that. She'd want to face everything head on.

"I kind of believe you."

"You should."

He laughed. "If we were from different families, maybe we'd be friends."

"I doubt that."

"Maybe you're right." He laughed again. "Well, I'm out of here. Have a fun night."

"You too."

"Thanks, but I doubt mine will be as fun as yours." He nodded to where Casey stood looking out at the water.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Casey

The rehearsal dragged on way too long. I spent it all too aware of Robert staring at me. He hadn't bothered to introduce himself or anything, and I certainly wasn't going to make the first move. What was I supposed to do, hold out my hand and say, "Hey, looks like you're my dad."

I kind of expected Levi to be the one to step up and make things less awkward, but he was keeping a considerable distance from his father and reserving all his attention for Allie. I returned Robert's stare once, and he didn't flinch. He just kept staring at me like he didn't think I was real. Maybe he didn't. Maybe I was like a bad dream he hoped he'd just wake up from.

No. I forced that negative thought away. He wasn't allowed to feel that way. If anyone should feel that way, it should be me. I'm the one whose life got turned upside down without warning. But, then again, so had his. Right? Even if it was his fault-none of this could be easy.

"You okay?" Tiffany whispered from behind me.

"Yes," I whispered back. Clearly I wasn't quiet enough because the wedding planner shot me a dirty look.

"Are you sure?" Tiffany pressed. "You look kind of pale."

"Yeah, I'm fine."

She patted my arm. "Okay, if you say so."

Our chat also drew even more of Robert's attention. I looked out at the water again. I needed to ignore him. Maybe he'd get bored and focus on something else instead.

I decided to look at a view I enjoyed even more than the ocean-Toby. He returned my smile, reminding me of what we'd spent the afternoon doing in our rooms. My body heated, and I turned away just in time to catch Levi's eye. Ick. He looked between me and Toby and shook his head. I hoped he wouldn't take the older brother thing too seriously. I already had the overbearing grandmother to deal with.

Eventually, the rehearsal ended. I turned to walk away when Allie stopped me. "Hey, want to head over to the pool? I want to swim, but I need a break from the salt water."

"Oh, thanks, but I think I'm going to just walk around for a little bit."

"Okay." She looked at me funny. Maybe she was contemplating how hard to push it. "Call me if you change your mind. I'll have my phone."

"Thanks." I smiled. "Have fun."

She waved and walked off. I looked for Toby but he was talking to some guys I didn't know, so I went for a walk on my own. I didn't want my confused mood to rub off on anyone else. I figured someone would follow me, but hoped whoever it was kept their distance. There was only one Pteron I really wanted to see.

"Hey, beautiful." Toby's warm breath tickled my ear as he came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist.

"Hey, yourself." I leaned back into his familiar embrace, feeling a wave of relaxation and excitement roll over me.

"What are you doing all alone out here?" He ran a hand up and down my arm. It brought out goose bumps.

"Not too much. Just enjoying the view." Most people wouldn't have been able to see the waves slam into the sand in the darkness, but I saw it perfectly. There was something so comforting about the rhythm of it.

"Any interest in finding another view?"

"Meaning?" I turned in his arms.

"Want to go for a flight?" He ran his lips down my neck.

"Yes." The thought of flying around such a beautiful island filled me with excitement. "And I'm even dressed for it." I gestured to the spaghetti strap beach cover up I wore over my bikini. I'd tested it out, and it fell just right so that my wings could still extend.

He laughed. "You're getting the hang of it, aren't you?"

"I guess so. The idea that I have wings is still a strange one, but I feel like I'm learning to live with it."

"That's what happened with me." He settled a hand on my hip. "It's like you've always known they were part of you even if you consciously didn't. Does that make sense?"

"Perfect sense." I looked up at him. "Are you ready?"

"Absolutely." He pulled off his shirt, and I took in the sight of his chiseled chest again. I fought the urge to run my hand down it. I'd have plenty of time for that later.

"Let's go then." I took off, knowing Toby would follow closely behind. There was something amazing about flying with someone. We didn't hold hands or anything like that, but he stayed close by so I knew he was there. With our enhanced hearing, we could technically hear over the wind, but we tried to keep things quiet. It was more fun that way.

I felt a tug on my hand and glanced over at him. He had a huge grin on his face. "Waterfall."

I smiled. "Sure."

We landed beside a roaring waterfall. It was tucked away in the mountains in one of those places a hiker could never reach, especially in the dark. Because of that, we knew we were alone.

Neither of us said anything. Toby just reached over and pulled my cover up down over my hips. He scooped it up when I stepped out of it and tossed it along with his shirt onto a rock. He didn't have to say it. We weren't getting rid of our wings.

He reached over and untied my string top, watching me intently as he removed the only fabric covering my chest. His mouth went to my breast before he'd even dropped the pink triangle top. I went to work on his swim trunks, eagerly untying them so I could free him from the fabric. Without moving his mouth, or the hand currently fondling my other breast, he stepped out of his trunks. I held him, gently stroking him as he finally dropped my top and started to pull down my bottom.

His lips moved down from my breast to my stomach as his hands slowly slipped my bottoms off. I leaned my head back, loving the sensation of his lips on me. Then he stopped, stood up, and took a step back. For a terrifying second, I thought he was rejecting me until I realized he wanted to see me. The real me, wings and all. I'd never seen him naked with his wings before. It only accentuated his muscular body, and combined with his evident arousal, he looked more of a god than a man.

His eyes devoured me as I watched him struggle to keep his hands at his sides. "You're incredible. Look at you."

I looked down at my body. It was the same as always, but I felt beautiful and fearless all at the same time.

"Why would they try to keep Pterons apart?" He reached out to gently stroke one of my wings. "How can this not be right?" The sensation of his hand on my wing felt just as intimate as when he touched my breasts. Being naked only made it more intense.

"I don't know or care right now."

"Me either." His lips smashed into mine as he lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist, ready when he jumped into the water.

We broke the kiss momentarily as the cool water splashed over us, only to return exactly to where we were. We remained a little off to the side of the cascading water.

Toby repositioned us slightly before thrusting into me with a force so strong it would have knocked me over if he wasn't holding me so tight. He rocked me to the core, moving his lips to my neck, and I had the distinct impression they were going to leave a mark. I tangled my hands in his hair, giving myself over to the sensation of pleasure spreading through my entire body.

"Amazing." Toby grunted the word as he continued to move inside me harder and faster than I'd have thought I could take.

"Yes." Nothing would ever compare. The sex with Jared felt like a distant memory as Toby pushed me over the edge twice. He released, and I thought it was over just as he started again. It's like being in our Pteron form changed the rules. Sex didn't have to have a set end. His mouth returned to my breast, and his teeth grazed me. The sensation thrilled me. I thrust my hips against him, letting him know I wanted more. I wanted everything he could give.

Hours later, we settled on a rock at the water's edge. I ran a finger down his chest, following the path of a drop of water running down from his damp hair. "That's how I know we're not human."

"Tell me about it. That was surreal." He rested his hand on my back. We'd finally retracted our wings.

"The craziest part is I'd be ready to do it again right now. How is that possible?"

"If you haven't noticed, I feel the same way."

I shifted away slightly. "I don't deserve you."

"What do you mean?" He sat up and pulled me into his lap so I was straddling him.

"After everything I did, I don't deserve this. I don't deserve you." I buried my face in his shoulder, not wanting him to see the tears that were streaming down my face.

"Stop. Stop beating yourself up about this." He put a hand under my chin and made me look at him. "What happened with anyone else is in the past. Whether it was magic or not, I'd have forgiven you. That's what life's about. Accepting those you care about despite their missteps." He kissed my forehead. "It's what's in here that matters." He touched the place over my heart.

"How can you say that? How can you get over it so easily?" My heart both swelled and hurt. I wanted to believe him. I wanted to believe he could accept me back, but I was terrified of being rejected by the guy I was falling so hard for.

"Nothing about us is ever going to be normal or easy. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with what happened because in the end you came back. When the magic stopped, you willingly came back to me."

"And that's enough?" I wiped a few tears away.

"That's everything. With all the crazy revelations in your life, you chose me to come to. And you didn't just come for support. If what happened there," he gestured to the water, "tells us anything, it's that whatever is between us is real. It's strong."

I leaned my head on his chest again.

"We belong together, Casey. I know we haven't known each other long, but that doesn't matter. And come on, we're like two peas in a pod."

I lifted my head slightly. "Because we're both lost and confused in this Pteron world?"

He ran a hand through my hair. "Exactly. Luckily, we have each other now."

The tears started again.

"Please find a way to forgive yourself. That's the one thing I can't do for you, and you have to know I'd do anything for you."

"What's going to happen to us? Can we really be together long term?"

"Why can't we? The only thing we have to focus on now is finding Vera and getting rid of the Murphy threat. After that, we don't owe anything to anyone."

"I don't want this moment to end."

"It doesn't have to yet." Toby lay back, pulling me with him.

"I'm glad." We just lay there naked, watching the stars and listening to the waterfall. I rested my head on his chest, and his arms wrapped around me. I now had a new happy place, and it wasn't the waterfall. It was being in Toby's arms.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Jared

"Are you sure you're ready for this?" I nudged Levi as we sat at the hotel bar the night before his wedding.

"I've been ready for months." He sipped his Jack and Coke.

Owen laughed. "Jared's probably just happy that you're officially off the market."

"I've been off the market for a long time."

I shook my head. "I don't know what happened to you, man."

Levi turned on his stool to look at me. "I met my match. That's what happened."

I groaned. "You're so far gone."

"You'll meet someone eventually." There was an unusually serious note to his voice. Maybe he was feeling bad for me about the mess with Casey.

I didn't need his sympathy. I had other things to worry about. "I should probably check in with all the sentries."

"See, that's why I'm not worried about security. You worry enough for all of us."

"It's my job." Contrary to some of my recent behavior, I did take my job seriously. I wasn't going to let anything happen to the royal family or The Society.

"And that's why I gave it to you." Levi nodded before turning back to his drink. "Can't it just be tomorrow already?"

"You need help." I punched his arm. "I'll see you later." I headed outside. I didn't want to make my calls in front of Levi. It would just make him nervous.

Ten minutes later, I'd checked in with everyone. Everything checked out, but that did nothing to get rid of the pit in my stomach. Something bad was coming. I just didn't know when it would strike.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Casey

I've never been the sentimental sort. Weddings don't usually make me cry. I wasn't the type of girl to daydream about white dresses and roses and all that, but there was something about Allie and Levi's wedding that simultaneously filled me with joy and broke my heart. Watching a love that strong is potent. It reminded me that no matter how good things felt with Toby, we'd probably never have that kind of happy ending.

We helped Allie get dressed first, and it wasn't just her mother who cried when she turned around to show us how she looked.

"Wow. She looks beautiful." Hailey watched Allie with an awe struck expression. Their friendship was a deep one. On top of my jealousy over Allie's relationship with Levi, I felt the same way about her relationship with Hailey. The only person I'd ever had a truly close relationship with was my sister, and she'd been missing for years. To make matters worse, she may have left me intentionally. I sighed. I needed to stop the train of negative thoughts. This was Allie's day. As soon as it was over we could go after Vera.

I belatedly responded to Hailey. "She is absolutely stunning." With her wavy hair cascading down her back, Allie looked like she'd just walked off a runway. A ruby red sash tied around her waist stood out against the rich ivory satin of her dress. Stunning was an understatement.

"Are you okay?" Evidently, Hailey had noticed my pause. People worrying about me was starting to become a pattern.

"Yeah. Sorry."

"Is it because she's marrying your brother? Does it seem weird?"

"No. I mean, I didn't even know he was my brother until a few weeks ago."

"That's what I mean. You just met him and now he's marrying your boyfriend's ex. It has to be a lot to take in."

I couldn't help but smile when she referred to Toby as my boyfriend. I liked to think of him that way. "Just a typical month in the life of a nineteen-year-old, right?"

Hailey laughed. "Because we all know how typical you are."

I laughed too. "Yeah. About as typical as you are."

"If it makes you feel any better, I'm emotional too." Her face didn't show any sign of tears, but there was still emotion behind her eyes.

"She's lucky to have you." I spoke the truth. Hailey was fiercely protective and dedicated to Allie, and that was something Allie would need in her position.

"I know."

I laughed again. "You ready for this?"

"Maid of honor? Sure. It's nothing compared to the Lady in Waiting duties."

"I bet."

"By the way, you get one now too."

"What?" I asked with confusion.

"You're a princess. You get a Lady in Waiting."

"No, thanks. I'd take a friend though."

"Well, you've got several of those now."

"That you do." Tiffany looped her arm through mine. She had her blonde hair pulled into an updo with ringlets falling around her face. I'd opted to go simple and only pulled some hair back and put in a pink flower.

I smiled. "Thanks. Should we get dressed?"

Hailey nodded. "Yes. Let's give Allie some time alone with her mom."

I nodded. "Good idea."

I pulled my red sleeveless dress on. It fit perfectly. All the bridesmaids wore a slightly different style dress, but they were all the same color. The ruby red dresses matched the ruby sash Allie wore.

"Is everyone ready for pictures?" Helen, Levi's mother, called from the doorway. My heart nearly stopped. Seeing Helen was tough to handle. My existence had to hurt her.

"Yes. Where do you need us?" Hailey asked, taking charge.

"Out on the beach." Helen gestured out toward the water.

"I'm glad she's doing the pictures beforehand," Anne said as we headed to the door. "That way we can all enjoy the cocktail hour."

"Casey, could I talk to you for a moment?" Helen's soft voice surprised me.

I was too startled to reply at first, but eventually I choked one word out. "Sure."

The other girls gave me encouraging looks before abandoning me. How was I supposed to have a conversation with Helen alone?

"Want to sit down for a second?" She gestured to a couch in the sitting room of Allie's suite.

"Sure." That seemed to be the only word I knew how to say.

"You've been avoiding me." She said it as a statement and not a question.

"Yes, for obvious reasons." I'd avoided both Helen and Robert at dinner the night before. Any other course of action would have caused a scene, and I didn't want to do that to Allie. I'd walked off as soon as possible-and then Toby helped me forget all about it.

"You don't need to." She seemed so sweet, so nice. That just made me feel worse.

"I only came because Allie and Levi asked me to."

"And I'm glad you did." She put a gentle hand on my arm. The action surprised me, and I startled. She removed her hand, and I felt bad-again.

"You're glad?"

"You belong here. It's important."

"You can't be okay with it," I spoke quietly. I didn't want to say the words.

"Do you think I blame you? Do you think I hold you responsible for what happened between Robert and your mother?"

I shook my head. "No, but I'm proof that it happened."

"Now isn't the time to discuss what happened, but none of it's your fault. I'm not upset with you. I only hope you can become a positive addition to Levi's life. He could use a sister."

"You can't really feel that way." I felt like I was in some sort of twilight zone. She should have been trying to find ways to get rid of me, not encouraging me to develop a good relationship with my half-brother. Once again, I searched for ulterior motives, but everything about her words and expression seemed genuine.

"You're good at telling me how I should feel." She smiled. "I'm a grown woman, and I've had plenty of time to think about all this."

"Did you know? Before?"

"As I said, now isn't the time." She stood. "I just don't want you feeling uncomfortable today. It's a joyous occasion."

"Uh, thanks," I called after her as she disappeared through the door. My head spun. Did Helen really mean what she was saying? I didn't have any time to think about it.

"Casey?" Georgina stood in front of me.

"Oh. Hi, Georgina."

"Grandma. It's Grandma." She held out a hand. "You need to come with me."

"Why? Is everything okay?" I wasn't sure how much more I could take.

"Yes. Everything is fine. I just can't have you missing the family photos."

"Oh yeah, those." I followed her out of the room and down the hall. "Aren't the pictures outside?"

"Most of them." She pushed open the door to another room.

I should have suspected she was up to no good, but she was my grandmother, what kind of trouble could she cause?

"And you're not coming out until you've talked." She gave me a long look.

"What?" My heart froze as she slammed the door behind me. I tried the door, but it was somehow locked from the outside. Memories of being locked in a jail cell flooded me. Those memories involved Jared and a lot of feelings I wanted to forget. What was Georgina up to?

"She means what she said. She won't open the door until we talk." Robert's deep voice had me spinning around. He was wearing a navy blazer and light colored slacks. His face was cleanly shaven, and the more I looked at him, the more I realized he bore a striking resemblance to Levi. If it weren't for a shock of gray hair, I'd have thought he were younger than the sixty or so years he had to be.

He watched me with a mixture of amusement and sadness. I struggled to come up with words.

"Hi." Not exactly eloquent but it was better than the blubbering sounds I'd started with.

"Hello." He took a few steps toward me, but still kept a distance. "You look different from the way I expected."

What did that mean? Was I a disappointment or something? I looked down at my ruby red dress. Surely I looked good that day.

"I guess that came out wrong. I just mean you look older. All grown up."

"That's because I am."

"I suppose so." He shifted uncomfortably.

"Do you think this counts as talking? Will Georgina let us out yet?"

He laughed lightly. "I take it you weren't looking forward to this meeting?"

"If you wanted to talk to me, you would have done it already." I looked down. I couldn't keep the eye contact anymore.

"Casey." He said my name carefully.

I glanced up. "Yes?"

"I'm sorry."

"Sorry for..."

"I'm just sorry. I'm sorry you had to grow up with no understanding of who you are. That you had to grow up without me."

"I have a good dad already." I thought about Chris. He'd always been attentive and caring. I'd have never imagined he wasn't my birth father.

"But you're my daughter."

"Biologically speaking."

He walked close enough that my body went on alert. I knew he wasn't going to hurt me, but his size and power were hard to ignore. "Your wings, your strength, your abilities, they come from me."

"Yes, but maybe nothing else. My mom is a big part of who I am." I don't know why I felt the need to throw it back at him, but I couldn't ignore my anger and hurt.

"That's true, but your Pteron side is dominant." He walked over to the window. "You're not human, Casey."

Not human? Robert didn't know my mom was a bear. I knew I needed to keep that to myself.

"I've accepted that. I have wings after all."

He laughed. "Very true." Then he seemed lost in thought. He opened his mouth and closed it a few times before continuing. "Did your mother ever tell you about me? Did you ever question what you were?"

I shook my head. "No. I never questioned I wasn't human, because I didn't know anything different." I still needed to talk to my mom. There were so many things I needed to say and ask.

"I see." He turned back to the window. "Do you want a relationship with me?"

"Are you really asking that?"

"Is it not an appropriate question? From your tone, I think I can guess the answer."

"Yes." The answer came out suddenly, and it wasn't the one I expected to give.

He turned to me. "Really? You want to know me?"

"Yes. I want to know more about you." The reality hit me hard. As much as I wanted to turn my back on the Pteron world, and the Laurents, I needed to know more about the man who was 50% responsible for making me.

"After the wedding, I'll give you all the time in the world."

"So you want to know me?" I finally admitted my own doubts.

"I've always wanted a daughter."

"Oh." Was he just saying that? Did he really mean it?

"And I like your personality. I know Jared and Hailey have volunteered to work with you, but I'm going to do some myself."

Jared volunteered to help me? Not exactly. "Did you teach Levi everything about being a Pteron?"

"No." He wrung his hands. "I thought my other work was more important. I view it as one of my greatest mistakes."

"One of?"

"The other one is obvious, isn't it?"

My chest clenched. Was he going to say fathering me?

"Not making more of an effort to find you." He cleared his throat. "Levi may have been raised in my house, but I wasn't much of a father to him either. I took my anger out on him. He turned into a good man, but I can't take any credit for it."

What was happening? Why was this strong man revealing his deepest regrets to me?

"But there's still time. With both of you." He almost looked hopeful.

"Oh."

"Are you getting serious with that Blackwell?"

I told him the truth. "Yes."

"Okay." He looked back outside.

"Okay? Is that all you have to say?"

"I don't know him well, but I understand he helped save Allie. He can't be too bad of a guy then."

"What about us both being Pterons?"

"Am I really one who has the right to harp on following rules?" The guilt behind his eyes was nearly shattering.

"Why did you do it?" The question slipped off my tongue without giving it enough thought.

"I don't know. I don't even remember it."

"What?" I stepped back. "How is that possible?"

"I went to upstate New York to investigate a dispute between a bear clan and a wolf pack and the next thing I knew, I was back in New Orleans. I blacked out at least twenty-four hours of my life."

"How? Were you drugged?"

"I don't know. All I do know is I got a picture of a baby girl and a paternity test sent to me a year later. I spent three years trying to find you before I gave up."

"But you knew about me? You knew about me all these years?"

"Yes."

"Did Helen?" I'd already opened up his wounds.

"Yes. I didn't understand what happened and needed her help."

"Did she believe you?" I thought of the sweet and gentle woman I'd just spoken to.

"Yes. She knew I wouldn't have betrayed her or forfeited the crown."

"Not directly..."

"I spent years waiting for everything to come crumbling down. Then I figured it out."

"Allie? All that Enchantress stuff?"

"Exactly. Levi nearly ran away with all the pressure I put on him. Like I said, I took out my anger on him." He straightened. "You were probably better off being raised by someone else. Maybe he was a better man."

"I'm glad I'll get a chance to get to know you now, but first, it's time to watch your son get married."

"Shall we?" He held a hand out toward the door. "Mother, I believe you can have your men open the door."

"Have you said all you need to?" Georgina called.

"Yes," I answered quickly. "And we're going to talk more soon."

The door flew open. "Good, because they need us for pictures immediately."

"We wouldn't want to keep them waiting." Robert winked.

I'd almost said the same thing.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Toby

Allie glowed. She actually glowed as she walked down the aisle on her father's arm. Casey smiled at me as I watched Allie glide past and take her place up front. I returned the smile. Casey didn't need to worry about my feelings that day. I was with exactly the girl I needed to be with.

I'd never been to a beachside wedding before. Allie, Levi, and their attendants stood on the sand under a white archway decorated with tropical flowers. Rows of white chairs accented with large ruby red bows lined the sand on either side of the aisle. A flute and cello played the familiar melody of Variations on a Theme.

It was simple and elegant, and fit Allie perfectly. The only thing that would have made it more enjoyable would have been Casey sitting next to me, but at least I got to watch her looking irresistible in that dress. Her slight tan fit her well. She seemed more relaxed than she'd been when we parted a few hours before.

Casey and I had so much in common, and we were finally settling into something resembling a relationship. I would kill the next person who screwed with us. Casey had been through too much. No one was bothering her or taking her away from me again. Of course, my biggest enemy in keeping her by my side might actually be Casey herself. She was happy with me, but I worried she was still holding back. I knew there was more she still needed to tell me, but I'd wait until we found her sister first.

Casey seemed to tear up as she listened to the ceremony, but I tuned most of it out. I was too busy watching Casey.

I zoned back in when I heard them start the vows. "Do you, Allison Davis, take Leviathan Laurent as your lawfully wedded husband?" the officiant asked.

Allie pretended to mull it over. "Let me think about that."

A hush fell over the crowd, but I smiled as did Levi. We all knew she'd made up her mind about him a long time ago.

She stepped even closer to him. "Okay. I do."

"With all the power-"

Levi didn't wait for him to finish. He just kissed her, blocking her from view as he wrapped her up in his arms. I felt a surprising surge of happiness. Allie really was with the man she belonged with. Casey wiped her eyes and smiled at me. Was she the kind of girl who wanted to get married? Would I be the one she married in the end? I was getting ahead of myself, and I knew it.

I leaned back in my chair and watched Allie and Levi walk down the aisle together. She grinned at me as she passed, and I mouthed congratulations. I waited for Casey to walk past, but she didn't. Instead, she stopped right in front of my row. "How'd I do?"

"I'd say that was one of the best bridesmaid performances I've ever seen."

She giggled. I wasn't used to her giggling, but I was glad she was able to put her worries aside for a few hours and enjoy herself.

"Shall we?" I held out my hand, and she took it. We walked back toward the resort.

"That was a beautiful ceremony, wasn't it?" she asked carefully.

"Yes. Allie certainly made it memorable."

She laughed. "I'd say. I think it says a lot that Levi didn't lose his smile for a moment."

"It says a whole lot. Those two have come a long way."

She squeezed my hand. "I take it their relationship hasn't always been the smoothest?"

It was my turn to laugh. "Not in the slightest. You should ask her about it sometime. Just make sure you have a few hours to kill."

"I'll remember that."

"You look beautiful." As much as I didn't love seeing Casey in the Laurent red, it fit her. I was positive blue would fit her well too. Anything would.

"Thank you. You look quite handsome."

"Yeah?" I glanced down at my khakis, blue dress shirt, and tie.

"Definitely. I better be careful not to let anyone steal you away."

I lightly tugged on her hand just enough to pull her against me. I wrapped my arms around her. "I'm not going anywhere, babe."

"Good."

"And I hope you're not planning on going anywhere either." I needed her to stay safe and at my side. I refused to lose her again.

"You're the only one I want." She rested her head on my chest.

"That's good, because I feel the same way." I looked down into those beautiful blue eyes of hers. "Do you think anyone would notice if we missed the beginning of the cocktail hour?"

"I'm sure someone would notice, but the bigger question is whether they'd care." She took my hand. "What did you have in mind?"

"A flight."

"That sounds incredible, but I can't fly in this." She gestured to her dress. "Although you know I'd love to have a repeat of last night."

"Same here." My whole body heated thinking about the waterfall.

"To the cocktail hour then..."

"To the cocktail hour."

We walked back to the hotel silently. I could have spent forever just holding her hand.

Chapter Thirty

Jared

Levi was someone's husband. The reality of his newest title was harder to swallow than I expected. It shouldn't have been. He'd been off the market since he first set eyes on that green-eyed girl, but something about listening to them exchanging vows made it so official.

For my part, I hadn't screwed up. I remembered the rings and made sure Levi was where he needed to be on time. Now if I could just manage my toast, I'd be done.

"Doing all right?" Hailey walked up behind me.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?"

"It's okay to be emotional when your best friend gets married."

"But I'm not." I crossed my arms.

Hailey laughed. "Come on, Jared. You have to be at least moved by the occasion."

"Why? He's already been shacking up with her for months."

Hailey sighed. "We just witnessed their public exchange of vows. Allie's officially Mrs. Levi Laurent. That's big."

"If you say so." I knew she was right, but I wasn't actually going to admit it out loud. It was also strange that I was doing the whole honor attendant thing with Hailey. I'd always viewed her as a little kid. I never imagined Levi would marry her best friend.

"I hope you at least planned a speech. This isn't something you should wing."

"It's going to be epic. Are you sure you want me to go first? I might upstage you."

She pushed my arm. "Yeah... I wouldn't worry about that." She walked off.

I sipped a glass of champagne as we waited for Allie and Levi to walk in as husband and wife. They didn't even wait to be announced. They just walked in arm in arm. The band leader struggled to make it look like it was planned. "Introducing Mr. and Mrs. Laurent."

I laughed to myself. Those two knew how to make an entrance. Allie was glowing so bright she didn't look real, and Levi's color nearly matched hers. If that's what love looked like, maybe it wasn't so bad. That was another sentiment I'd never say out loud.

"How'd I do?" Levi stopped in front of me. Hailey had stolen Allie and the two were giggling about something.

"Fantastic. Of course."

"Thanks for standing up there with me." He seemed different, like he was walking on air or something. If he was going to be tied to the same girl for the rest of his life, at least she made him happy.

"Of course." I took a final sip of champagne before setting aside the empty glass.

"And there were no attacks." He gave me a knowing look.

"Nope. If we can just get through the reception, we'll be fine."

"We will." He patted my back. "If you'll excuse me, I need to find my wife."

I shook my head. "How long have you been waiting to say that?"

"You don't want to know." He captured Allie's arm, and I walked off to find my table.

Allie and Levi danced their first dance. Instead of going with one of the usual song selections, Levi had a song written in their honor. From the look on Allie's face, she hadn't expected it. She also seemed pleased by the performance. That was a win for me. I'd picked out the band.

After the happy couple took their seat, I downed a shot and grabbed a champagne flute. It was time for my toast. I tapped my glass to get everyone's attention.

"I don't remember the first time I met Levi, because I was too young to keep memories, but I do remember the first time I made him angry."

The crowd laughed. I had this.

"I'd accused him of being a momma's boy who couldn't fight for himself. As you'd expect, he didn't take too kindly to the accusation."

More laugher.

"Levi took on his true personality for the first time that day, and I learned the hard way that no one tells Levi there's something he can't do." I figured the paranormal guests present knew what I meant by personality. There was no reason to freak out Allie's family.

I paused to look at him. Speeches were all about timing. "I should have known when Levi set his sights on Allie he was going to have her. I tried to pull his attention away on more than one occasion." I looked at Allie. She was shaking her head but laughing. "But my attempts were no match for Levi's persistence. Not even Allie's protests that she didn't want him worked."

Levi put an arm around Allie and she leaned into his side. "But the truth is, when two people are meant to be together, nothing can get in their way-not even stubborn best friends who don't want to lose their wingmen. Since I have you all smiling, I'll end here. Congratulations to the happy couple. And Allie, contrary to my first statement, don't always let Levi get what he wants."

Levi smiled. I sipped my champagne and took my seat as the guests applauded. Job well done. I took another sip while Hailey started her speech. I had a feeling it was going to be really emotional.

***

"Don't you think it's odd Murphy hasn't crashed the party yet?" Cody, one of Toby's goons who'd somehow managed to nab an invitation, murmured as a bunch of us sat around, throwing back some beers. We were out on the beach, close enough to the reception that the music still filled the air.

"Odd isn't the right word. Besides, it's not over yet." I glanced around the dark night. I still couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was coming.

"Don't over think this. Let Levi enjoy his night." Owen finished off his beer and set it down in the sand.

"How does this involve Levi? We can handle whatever happens on our own."

"Levi's still going to worry if you do." Owen stood to leave.

"What's your problem?" I wasn't in the mood to put up with his crap.

"My problem?"

"Yeah. Why do you have to get on my back about everything?"

"I'm just looking out for Levi."

"No, you're looking out for yourself." I stood, unwilling to look up at him.

"Okay. You really want to have this conversation? Here?" He nodded to where our small audience sat.

"Who cares? Just say it."

"I'm sick and tired of you only caring about yourself. Levi puts up with your bullshit out of some stupid idea of friendship, but that's not going to last forever."

I felt my body aching to transform, but I fought it. "Oh yeah? And somehow staying alert about an attack is me ignoring my job..."

"You want there to be an attack. You want to feel useful. But the bottom line is you're just trying to make up for the fact that you missed a big threat already."

"And by that you mean me?" Casey appeared suddenly, still wearing the ruby red bridesmaid dress that clung to her figure.

"No. That's not what I meant." Owen tried to back pedal.

"Yes, it is." She crossed her arms. "Don't make up an excuse. I get it. But it's not his fault, or mine. It just is."

I sensed Levi before he said anything. I knew he was listening in.

Casey did too. "I'm sorry if I've made things harder for you, Levi."

"I'm not."

She turned to look at him. He smiled. "I'm not going to pretend any of this is going to be easy, but I'm glad you're here. I'm glad I have a sister."

"Why?" Her brow furrowed. "Why would you be glad?"

"Because this job can get lonely. Because my wife likes you. Because family is important." He smiled at the word wife.

"I'll stay out of your way."

"No." Levi closed the space between them. "Aren't you listening to a word I'm saying?" He turned to Owen. "Is that how you feel with Hailey?"

Owen laughed. "Most of the time."

"I'm telling you I want you around. I'd like you to play a part in my life, in Allie's life, and in our family. No one blames you for anything."

She nodded. "If you say so."

"I do." Then he turned to us. "Jared, Owen. I need to have a word with you two." The gentle voice he used with Casey was gone. Whatever this talk was about, he meant business.

I nodded, and we both followed him around to a back patio of the resort.

"I don't know what the hell is going on with you two, but it's going to stop."

"I'm sorry. We just-" Owen started.

"Don't. I don't care about your excuses. With everything else going on, I shouldn't have to worry about my head of security and chief advisor fighting." He looked between us. "Is that understood?"

"Yes," we said in unison.

"Good." Levi's body relaxed. "I'm going to be leaving soon, and I don't want any problems. I'm leaving you two in charge, and I expect you to get along."

"Understood." Owen nodded.

"Also. Toby's in charge of protecting Casey."

"What?" I shook my head. "No. I can do that a lot better."

"I expect you to help, but I told him not to leave her side if it's possible until we find Murphy or whoever the hell he's working for."

I wondered if anyone had let our plan slip. We'd done our best to keep the details from him. Levi wasn't the type to sit back, even on his honeymoon.

"Everything will be fine. Casey will be fine," I assured him. He deserved this break. He'd been waiting months to have time away with Allie.

"If something comes up, tell me. But I'd prefer not to be interrupted."

"Yeah, I bet."

"You know Allie will insist on coming home if she thinks anyone's in danger."

"I know."

"We'll be gone two weeks. Try to hold things together until then."

"Don't worry. We'll be fine." Owen gave me a look. He was letting me know we were going to drop our stupid argument. It wasn't going to help anyone. Besides, I was pretty sure I knew where his outburst had come from. Watching Levi get married had probably reminded him of what he didn't have. Maybe this would spur Owen to start dating again. He had danced a few times with Allie's friend Anne.

The send-off was Levi's idea, but he left it up to me to execute. His surprise worked spot on. Allie's face lit up as bright as the fireworks when they shot off across the sky. He'd had them timed perfectly to their first dance song. The band had set up a little ways behind us. She nearly hopped up and down watching the fireworks, that is until Levi started kissing her. I had to clear my throat after I saw her dad's eyes nearly bug out of his head. We were standing around the landing strip. The resort was the exclusive kind designed for politicians and those who want privacy. The private landing strip was an added bonus.

"Be good, princess." I hugged Allie. We'd come a long way since I first met her. It was hard to believe we'd pretty much hated each other in the beginning, but now I counted her as one of my closest friends. Life is full of weird surprises like that, I guess. I hoped I'd say the same thing about Casey at some point, but there were feelings and urges there that I needed to get rid of first.

"You be good too." She gave me a warning look before nodding toward Casey.

I smiled. "Don't worry. I'll be on my best behavior."

Levi took Allie's hand and led her onto the plane. They were headed out for a two week trip to a private island in the South Pacific. Levi didn't bother hiding his excitement. Allie's mom cried silently next to Helen. I was just glad we'd made it through the wedding.

My celebration was short lived. As soon as the plane disappeared into the distance, the lights went out.

Chapter-Thirty-One<br/>

"Good idea. Now hold still."

I gritted my teeth as he put tape over my mouth. Was I really going down this easily? Where was the fight in me? I had to try once more. For all I knew, they'd hurt Tiffany anyway.

I went to kick Murphy, but my legs were thrown out from under me, and I ended up on my back. Murphy hovered over me. "I thought you were going to make this easy."

Tiffany shrieked as the bear twisted her arm.

My whole body shuddered. I needed to stop making things worse. I nodded, hoping Murphy understood that I was agreeing. He held out a heavy fabric jacket I couldn't place for a moment. Then the reality hit me.

He saw the understanding cross my face as he tied me into a straight jacket. "I wouldn't want you transforming on me, now would I."

My fear climbed exponentially. A straight jacket? I'd be helpless. I took one more look at Tiffany. She was whimpering through the hand that covered her mouth. I had to stop thinking of myself. I nodded.

"Good. We'll let Goldilocks go as soon as you're on the plane."

I hoped he'd be true to his word, but I didn't have any other choice. And a plane? I was going to be on a plane with these crazies. I couldn't fathom what they were going to do with me. The only thing keeping me sane was the hope that I'd be seeing Vera soon.

I stumbled around as Murphy and two bears led me toward a waiting boat. Murphy pushed me in, and the boat left the shore immediately. I kept expecting Toby to find me before we arrived at the plane. I'd taken for granted the comfort and security he gave me with his presence, and his absence left me terrified and ready to curl up into a ball. It's not like I couldn't take care of myself, but being alone with a bunch of terrifying men, let alone bears, wasn't something I was ever going to be comfortable with.

The only peace of mind I had was that maybe now that they had me they'd leave my friends alone. I kept picturing Tiffany's bloody arm. I clenched my eyes shut. I refused to let something like that, or worse, ever happen again.

My anger burned, and I felt the transformation starting. I was sure my eyes had changed, and my wings begged to come out. Agony like I'd never felt before hit me as my wings fought for release. The pain was almost too much to handle. My back felt both on fire and bruised.

We reached the plane, and Murphy picked me up and carried me inside. I could barely breathe, and the demeaning treatment only made it worse. He strapped me into a seat and sat directly across from me right as we took off.

"Are you comfortable?" Murphy laughed, watching me with amusement.

His laugh made me angrier, only making the sensation worse. Finally, I figured out what to do. I closed my eyes. I had to calm myself. I tried to take a deep breath, but the tape was in my way. I thought happy thoughts of growing up with Vera and of Toby at the waterfall. Eventually, my body stopped fighting. Hailey had been right. Controlling your emotions was one of the hardest, yet most important parts of being a Pteron.

Chapter Thirty-Two

Toby

The grizzly came after me, showing his teeth as his large body lunged toward mine. I jumped to the side at the last second, letting his heavy, furry body collide with the pavement rather than me. I moved to attack him when a large claw grabbed me from behind. I turned just in time to hit the black bear hard enough to send him flying. He fell in a heap, making a satisfying sound in the process.

I glanced around for Casey again. I never should have let her out of my sight. Everything had been so peaceful one minute, and then the next, the lights were out and at least fifty bears were attacking us. Owen immediately led the few humans to safety. The bears had the numbers, but we had the strength.

The area around the landing strip had quieted down. The only bears in sight were crumpled up on the ground. The Laurent's men were already handling the mess.

I searched for Casey again. She had to be somewhere. She was stronger than the bears now, and she wouldn't have been taken without a serious struggle. She was fine. She had to be fine. I searched around for Jared. Maybe he'd taken her somewhere safe to hide. I found Cade first.

I nearly knocked him over in my hurry to get to him. "Have you seen Casey?"

"No... but you're not the first one to ask me that question." His light brown hair was a mess from the wind. I'd never seen the guy look so out of sorts.

"What do you mean? Who else asked you?"

"Jared." He stuffed a hand in the pocket of his slacks. "He was hoping you had her."

My heart sunk. If Jared didn't have her, I knew we were in trouble. "I wish I did." I glanced around the darkness. She had to be somewhere.

Hailey ran up to us, out of breath. "Have you seen Casey?"

I struggled to stay standing. If something happened to Casey, I wasn't sure what I was going to do. I fought the despair. I couldn't wallow. I had to find her. "No. I'm guessing you haven't either."

"No." Hailey sighed. "I think Murphy got her."

She was only stating what I already knew, but I wondered what made her so sure. "Why? What did you see?"

She crossed her arms over her now ripped bridesmaid dress. Hailey had been just as big a part of the fight as the rest of us. "I didn't see anything, but Tiffany did."

"Tiffany?" The human friend of Allie and Hailey? "Where is she?"

"This way." Hailey jogged off, and I followed, vaguely aware that Cade was at my side. He seemed to always be around when the women in my life were at risk.

Hailey stopped in front of a shaking Tiffany. She was huddled in a blanket, sitting on the patio of the largest of the restaurants. "Tiff, tell Toby what you told me."

"They took her. They just yanked her away."

"Who's they?"

"These huge guys. And one was a bear." She opened the blanket. She was applying pressure to a cut on her arm. "The bear cut me." She winced.

"Can you be more descriptive? What did they look like?" I tried to keep the frustration out of my voice, but every second we wasted meant that Casey could be moving further away from me. Just the thought had me sick.

"I couldn't see. It was too dark." She started to cry.

I needed to go easy on her, but I also needed information. "Did they say anything?"

"Yes. They said they'd hurt me if she didn't go with them willingly."

"So she just went with them? You said the guys grabbed her?" Cade jumped in.

"They grabbed her first. Then threatened her." Tiffany shivered. "She's going to be okay, right? I mean, she is a Pteron."

"Casey is going to be fine," Hailey assured her friend, but the fear in her voice was apparent. Pteron or not, she was in danger. We still didn't know for sure what Murphy wanted with her, but it couldn't be good.

"Where is she?" Jared came barreling over. "Where's Casey?"

"Tiffany says she saw a couple of large bears take her." Cade pointed at the frightened girl. "Do you think we should take her word for it?"

"Why wouldn't you?" Tiffany blinked back tears.

"He's just being an idiot." Jared kneeled down in front of Tiffany. "Tell me exactly what happened."

"It was all so crazy. We were back behind the hotel because we were looking for Toby. Out of nowhere, these guys jumped out and grabbed her. And there was a bear."

Looking for me? A shudder ran through me. She was distracted by looking for me. If only I'd found her first.

"Did anything about the men jump out at you? Any distinguishing characteristics?" He spoke to her gently. Jared really was like night and day depending on who he was talking to.

She shook her head. "They already asked me that. I didn't see anything."

Jared moved to standing. "I'm going to have the entire island swept. If she's still here, we'll find her."

Waiting around wasn't an option. "We need to send someone in. You said you know where they're keeping Vera."

"I have it narrowed down. It's close enough we can go in, but we have to be strategic."

"Strategic? No. We have to save Casey." No one was going to make me wait.

Cade gave me a hard look. "Let's handle this reasonably. Jared will have his men sweep the island. We'll move on from there."

"We'll find her." Jared put a hand on my arm. The action was foreign and completely unlike Jared, but maybe he did care about Casey.

"Do we call Levi?" Cade asked.

"No." Jared said immediately.

I didn't argue. I wanted as much help as possible, but waiting for Levi would set us back. We didn't have a moment to lose.

Chapter Thirty-Three

Casey

"Get your hands off me!" I struggled to get out of Murphy's grasp. I was much stronger than I used to be, but with my legs tied and my arms tucked into the jacket, I was at a distinct disadvantage. After an endless flight and at least an hour drive, we turned off onto a dirt road. They'd finally pulled the tape off my mouth a few hours into the flight, and I'd kept my mouth shut in fear they'd replace it again. Discomfort is taken to a whole new level with your mouth covered. At least it was easier to breathe now. What wasn't easier was having Murphy sitting so close to me.

He laughed. It wasn't the sinister laugh you'd expect a villain to have, but it still made my skin crawl. He was enjoying himself. He enjoyed watching me squirm.

"What do you want from me?" My voice sounded frightened, exactly the opposite of how I wished I sounded. I still didn't understand why they'd go through so much effort to kidnap me. They knew they'd lose men in the fight, but they did it anyway. I just wished I knew why.

He laughed again. "You waited all those hours to ask me?"

"I asked you in Hawaii and you gave me nothing. I figured I'd give you time to change your mind."

He ran a hand through my hair. "So much like Vera's. You two look so alike."

"Is she here? Will I see her?" The only thing keeping my spirit up was that she might be there. I had to believe she was the same Vera. Maybe she left me behind, but she'd never let someone hurt me. She'd always been so protective of me, so caring. Maybe Murphy never showed her his real self. Or maybe they weren't together anymore. Maybe she was now with the bears against her will. I really wanted to believe the latter possibility.

The car stopped short, and Murphy caught me before I could fly head first into the front seat. With my hands and legs tied, I couldn't do anything. "We wouldn't want to mess up that pretty face, would we?"

I cringed. He needed to stop talking about me that way. The sexual overtones made everything worse even though I didn't think he planned to touch me like that. He was using it to intimidate me, and it was working.

Murphy pushed open the door and yanked me out behind him.

After a moment of regaining my balance, I got my first look at the forest we'd parked in. There was nothing particularly special about the place except for a large rock. I realized we were heading right for the entrance to a cave. "I hope the bear side of you comes out," Murphy sniggered as he pushed me headfirst into a narrow cave.

My face should have smashed into the cave floor, but a pair of strong arms caught me.

"Fin?" I choked out. I shouldn't have been surprised to see Murphy's brother staring back at me, but I was. I'd been over Fin's dark brown eyes and dimple for years, but seeing him again was like a splash of cold water. It reminded me of how much his rejection stung.

"Hi, Casey." He looked anything but happy to see me. I felt exactly the same way. Just seeing him was like having a knife turn in my gut. He'd disappeared when Vera and Murphy did, but that was only after he dumped me for one of my best friends.

"You two can fuck and make up later. We need to get her ready to meet the boss."

"The boss?" I ignored his comment but he irked me. Did he know I'd slept with Fin? Of course he did. Vera had found out and told me I'd made a mistake to give it up to a guy who didn't love me. She said she'd made the same mistake. I was positive she wasn't talking about Murphy. She'd had plenty of boyfriends by then.

"Yes. The boss." Murphy pulled me from Fin and marched me further into the cave.

I'd only taken a few steps when everything went dark, and I struggled to breathe. Someone had put what felt like a burlap sack or something over my head. The fabric irritated my face and left me completely disoriented. I gripped onto Fin tighter. As much as I hated him, I needed something to hold onto. I was far more afraid than I'd been moments earlier.

The cave was nearly silent. The only sound was that of shuffling feet on the hard ground. My wings still begged to be freed, but even without the jacket, they'd have little room to spread out in the cramped cave. Despite being unable to see, I knew the passage was getting narrower. My whole body rebelled against it. Birds were meant to fly, not crawl around caves.

Fin's hand was firm on my back, but suddenly it wasn't there anymore. I stood motionless until someone pushed me. I fell hard on my face.

"You don't have to be such an asshole, Murphy."

"Vera?" I gasped out her name. I wasn't sure if she could hear me through the bag.

Murphy snorted. "You don't have to be a cold bitch either, but you do it anyway."

"Get out of here, dick."

"Just get her changed and leave her. This isn't a reunion." Murphy's angry voice faded away.

"Casey." Vera pulled me up to standing and took the sack off my head. "Are you okay?"

"I think so." I could barely speak. I couldn't believe my sister was actually standing in front of me. Her hazel eyes were wide and full of unshed tears.

"I'm sorry." Her words were whispered.

"It's okay." It wasn't, or not completely, but at the moment, I was just glad to see her.

"I was so blinded by Murphy. He showed me what I was, what I could be."

"You're a bear." I knew it already, but I wanted to hear her say it.

"Yes. And you have wings I hear." Her voice was light, almost teasing. It reminded me of when we were kids.

"Cool black ones."

She smiled. "I'll have to see them sometime, but right now, you need to get changed."

"Are you still with Murphy?" It didn't sound like it, but I needed to know how she could be with such a jerk.

She shook her head. "Not by a long shot. Once I found out what he was really like, it was too late. You can't just leave a clan." She glanced over her shoulder.

"Why'd you go?"

She didn't answer. She just ran a hand through my tangled hair.

I tried another conversation. "Fin's here too."

She looked away. "Yeah. If it makes you feel any better, I kicked him in the balls for you."

"Really?" I wasn't actually surprised. Vera was like that.

"Of course. He hurt my baby sister."

"I'm not such a baby anymore."

She reached around and untied the jacket. She leaned in to whisper. "Don't try to run. I'll get you out of here, but you have to do it carefully."

I nodded. I'd take her word for it. Besides, in a cave that small, I wasn't sure how I'd fight.

"Here. Change into these. That dress doesn't look too hot." Her expression said more. It would be easier to escape if I wasn't in a long dress.

The bridesmaid dress was in shambles, so I accepted the clothes Vera held out. "What is this?" I took the top.

"Don't complain. Just put it on." She stepped forward like she was going to hug me but stopped herself. I made the move myself. Her arms wrapped around me, and the tears started. The tears were of relief of finding her but also the realization that finding her wasn't going to miraculously change everything. Everything wasn't just going to be okay.

Vera waited while I slipped into a pair of barely there jean shorts and a blue corset style top. "Do you really wear this stuff?"

"Bears aren't worried about covering up. It works." She was wearing short shorts herself, along with a tight, low-cut tank top.

I changed, uncomfortable about the amount of cleavage that spilled out of the top. Vera was more blessed in that department. I couldn't imagine what she looked like in it. She must have had all the guys drooling over her. That wouldn't have been very different from what it was like back home. Vera was always the kind of girl who got lots of attention from the opposite sex. She didn't sleep around, but she definitely flirted a lot.

She suddenly hugged me again. "Casey, I'm going to do everything possible to get you out of here. I'll find help." Something in her tone scared me more than I already was. She'd dropped her calm facade. Vera wasn't the type to get frightened, and that wasn't good news for me. "You have to get out of here. We're running out of time."

"Find Toby Blackwell. He's the Pteron leader of New York. If you can't find him, get Jared Florence. He's in charge of security for The Society."

"You've been busy, little sister."

"Yeah, well. What can I say?"

"Can you hold on? Can you be strong? I promise I'm going to come back for you." Silent tears spilled down her face. "If I'd only known... I never knew."

I knew she had so much to tell me, but I also knew our time alone was limited.

She stepped away from me, trying to blink away the few tears she'd spilled.

"Reunion's over," Murphy called. "And Casey, looking good."

I crossed my arms over my chest.

"Don't worry about that, sweetheart. We've seen a lot more than that around here."

"I'm sorry I have to do this." Vera held out a rope and gestured to my wrists. They were still sore from earlier, but I nodded. Fighting wasn't going to do anything. I couldn't take on a group of bears, especially not in a cave. Vera tied my hands.

"Let's go," Murphy bellowed. He pushed me out of the little enclave we were in and further down a passageway that narrowed to the point that I could barely stand upright. The cave was only lit by flickering torches placed on the cave walls.

"Oh, we forgot this." Murphy pulled the rough sack down over my face again. I sighed. At least Vera was with me.

"Sleep well." Murphy's voice came from right next to me. In the next second, I felt a sharp sting in my arm.

Sleep well? What was he talking about? I struggled against him as he picked me up. He didn't try to restrain me. Instead, he dropped me. My head smacked into the hard floor. Vera gasped, but Murphy must have held her back because she never made contact with me.

"If you're going to fight me, have it your way." He spit on me. "Put her in that room," he ordered.

What felt like two sets of arms grabbed me before I fell hard against the cave ground again. Every inch of my body hurt.

"Don't mess her up too badly. She might not be useful to the boss if she isn't alive."

My heart sunk just as I slipped out of consciousness.

***

I woke up in a haze. My head throbbed, and I was barely aware of several people standing around me and chanting. I shivered, but not from the cold. I tried to sit up, but things were foggy. I couldn't move any of my limbs.

Chapter Thirty-Four

Jared

This had to work. We had to get Casey back safe and sound, and we had to do it fast. No one argued with me when I insisted we leave Levi out of the plans. He'd asked for time off with Allie, and he was going to get it. If he had a clue what was going on, he'd be at the helm himself. All would be fine as long as I had Casey back before he discovered she was missing. If something happened to her, he'd kill me. But then again, if something happened to her, I'd want to kill me too. The girl meant a lot to me, and I swore that if we all got out of this mess, I'd make an effort to become her friend.

"Are you sure this is the right place?" Toby didn't bother to hide the skepticism in his voice. He'd used the same tone of voice every time he spoke during our trip back to New York.

I glanced at the large stone house set into a wooded lot in upstate New York. It definitely looked like the kind of place shifters would live. "Everything checked out." My men spotted suspicious activity and possibly bears on the property only the day before.

"But it looks empty." Cade somehow managed to tag along on this little adventure as well. I couldn't complain. He came with plenty of reinforcements, and I wasn't taking chances.

I stretched, trying to get rid of a crick in my neck. I couldn't remember the last time I'd been so stressed. "Maybe that's the whole plan."

"There's no one here." One of our men walked over. "We searched the whole place, it's completely empty."

"Maybe it was all a set up. They wanted us to think they were here." Toby started to pace which only made things worse. "They wanted to keep us off their trail, and it worked."

I needed to stay calm. Getting agitated or angry at each other wasn't going to help anything. "They had to have left someone behind. The trick is finding them. It's impossible that they disappeared without a trace."

"I agree. We're going to find her." Toby seemed to relax at my words. Hopefully he understood how important maintaining our composure was. "We're going to find her. They don't want her dead. Otherwise they would have done it earlier. We have to stay level headed and figure out where they moved, and we have to do it now."

He didn't need to say any more. Needing her alive might not be an indefinite thing, and it also didn't mean they wouldn't hurt her.

"Let's leave men to comb the property and head over to your grandfather's place. I've heard he may have been involved in this stuff too."

"My grandfather?" Toby groaned. "He was dealing with these idiots too?" Although frustrated, he didn't sound surprised. Old man Blackwell wasn't exactly known for being honorable.

"Sounds like it. Do you know anything more?"

He pulled out his phone, glanced at the screen, and answered. "Toby." He walked off.

I resisted the urge to follow. Toby wanted to find Casey more than anyone besides me. He wouldn't be goofing off. Still, I watched him, hoping his facial expressions would give me a hint at what was going on. He turned away, ruining any chance of that.

"What is it?" I asked when he walked back over.

He had a bewildered expression plastered on his face. "That was Tim. Rhett came in with some info."

"What?" I hadn't heard anything from the cousin since I interrogated him.

"I guess he heard from Vera. Casey told her to find us."

"Where is she now?" This was it. Another lead, something to go off of.

"She's supposed to meet us at my grandfather's house."

"Let's go." I transformed, glad to have my wings out. Toby did the same, and we left all but a handful of men to continue scouring the property. We flew the short distance to the Blackwell estate, telling the other men we brought with us to circle the house. I didn't know what to expect when we landed, but I did a double take. "Casey?" Was Casey okay? Was she just waiting for us?

"No. That's not Casey." Toby walked to the porch stairs.

"Oh. Now I get it." The gorgeous brunette walked down the steps. She might as well have been strutting down a runway. She gave us both a once over. "No wonder my sister was spending her time with you two."

On closer inspection, I noticed the differences. Vera was a few years older, and her hair had more of a reddish highlight than the gold in Casey's hair. She also held herself differently. She had more confidence, and she definitely wasn't trying to hide her figure underneath her tank top and shorts. Instead of Casey's blue eyes, Vera's hazel ones stared back.

"Now I take it you're Jared?" She turned toward me. Her eyes roamed up and down my bare chest. I didn't mind the attention, although it distracted me.

"What gave me away?"

"I assumed the head of security was a crow."

"Oh, yeah, um, of course," I stammered. Was I tongue tied? Was I really tongue tied around a girl?

"Where's Casey?" Toby interrupted. His crazed personality was back.

"And you must be Toby." She turned her attention to him, and I felt robbed. I needed those eyes on me. I was like a little boy or something. I needed someone to slap me.

"Yes, and I assume you're here to help us?" There was a wariness to his voice. That snapped me back to attention. Vera had gone to the bears willingly, hadn't she?

Vera gave him a disbelieving look. "Of course. I love my sister."

"So do I." Toby closed his eyes for a second. I assumed he was thinking about Casey. "But you can't blame me for being skeptical. You disappeared on her with no warning."

Vera's lips twisted into a smile. "Good. You passed the test."

"What test?" I asked. By Toby passing, did that mean I failed?

She turned to me. "You just checked me out. I'd hoped my sister had picked a guy with eyes only for her."

"That's great and all, but please tell us where she is." Toby might as well have been on his knees with the way he was begging.

"I will, but can you at least get me water first?"

"Of course." I wanted to find Casey, but that didn't mean we had to be rude. "Do you have the key, Toby?"

"Yes." He walked to the front door and punched in the window. "How's that for a key?"

Vera's jaw dropped. "Okay. So you really want to save my sister."

"Yes." He reached through the glass, clearly unconcerned with the cuts he was getting. He unlocked the door. "There's water in the kitchen sink."

I laughed. I couldn't help it. I'd never seen the hawk act that way.

For Vera's credit, she didn't look fazed. She walked in and searched for the kitchen.

I remembered the basic layout of the place and handed her a glass. She ran the tap for a full thirty seconds before filling her cup. She smelled the water. Careful. I could appreciate that. I filled my own glass.

"Toby?" She called his name without turning around.

"Yes."

"If you love my sister so much, why has Jared slept with her too?"

I nearly choked on my water. "How'd you know?"

"I just do." She turned to me. "I also get the sense you hurt her."

"Are you psychic?"

"No. I'm just good at reading people."

"He found out she was a Pteron and treated her like crap. End of story. Come on. Let's talk about what's important." Toby glared at both of us.

"Yet you don't care what she is?" She watched Toby.

"I love her. I don't care about anything else."

She set aside her water and hugged him. "Then you deserve her." She spun back to me. "And I bet you hate all other shifters then too?"

"Hate's a strong word." I preferred disliked the company of.

"But you think you're better than the others, don't you?"

"We are better..." What was her problem? Was she trying to pick a fight? That was something I'd do.

She laughed. "Yet you're undressing me with your eyes."

Wait. Was she trying to tell me she wasn't human? Was she the same as Rhett? No. It couldn't be possible. Was being attracted to a Pteron not enough? Now I found a bear hot? "I'm guessing you're not human."

"Not by a long shot." Her eyes linked with mine in a heated stare.

"Oh." Did that mean Casey was part bear too? I didn't have time to think through that implication.

"Oh. Is that all you can say? You're a pig, but Toby's right. We have more important things to talk about."

"A pig? Because I enjoy looking at attractive women?" I leaned back against the counter. Bear or not, the girl was something to look at.

"No." She stepped closer, effectively boxing me in. "Because you like to look but think you're too good for me. As if I'd sink as low as to sleep with someone like you." She spun around.

I didn't get a chance to respond. "Where is she?" Toby growled.

"They've got her in a cave not too far from here."

"A cave?" I groaned. Seriously? She had to be held in a freaking cave?

Vera's eyes twinkled. She enjoyed watching my discomfort. "Yes. They wanted to pick a place that Pterons wouldn't have an advantage."

Without our wings, we weren't as useful. Closed spaces weren't a Pteron's best friend.

"Let's send word to our men. We need to go." Toby was already walking into the hall.

"Wait." Vera exhaled loudly. "You can't show up with an army. They'll be expecting that."

"Then what are we supposed to do?" Toby and I asked in unison.

"Sneak in."

"Sneak in?" I asked incredulously. "We're supposed to sneak into a cave?"

"Yes, and I'm the only one who can help you do that."

"Just tell us where she is. We'll do the rest." Toby hesitated in the doorway.

"I'm coming with you. The only way in is with me."

"Are you sure?" I generally try not to agree with Toby, but I also didn't like the idea of bringing this girl, bear or not, into combat.

"Yes." She scowled at me. "What? You think I can't take care of myself?"

She even looked hot angry. I didn't say anything. That was my mistake. She started stripping down.

"Uh, what are you doing?" Toby asked.

I couldn't talk as she slipped off her panties. I didn't get long to admire her body.

In a split second, she transformed. Before I could respond, she had me backed against the counter. There's usually something incredibly unsettling about watching a person transform into a giant bear, especially a giant grizzly, but not Vera. Even in bear form, she still had attitude. It was like she was saying "anything else to add?"

"I get the point." I waved her off.

She transformed back to her human form.

I stared with my mouth wide open as she got dressed. This time, I had more time to study her. Hot was an understatement. Vera was curvy and muscular in all the right places. It's not that she had a better body than Casey, it was just different. I blinked a few times to stop myself from staring.

"I guess this means you don't have to imagine it anymore." She clasped her bra.

"Can I turn around now?" Toby called.

"Did you miss all of that?" I asked.

"My relationship with Casey is complicated enough. Do I need to add seeing her sister naked to the list of hurdles I have to get over?"

Vera laughed. "Sorry, nudity isn't a big deal in the clan."

"If the whole clan looked like you, I wouldn't mind either."

"I'm one of three girls."

"And how many guys?" This number was important for more than jealousy reasons. Jealousy? Did I really care how many men had seen this girl, or more than seen this girl, naked? She was a bear. I wasn't touching her. And even if she was human, she was Casey's sister. I'd slept with sisters before, but not ones I ever planned to see again.

"Twenty-five."

"There are twenty-five bears in that cave?" Toby sounded alarmed.

"Usually, but most of them go out to hunt together. We have to time this right. They'll only leave a few behind to guard her. One of the guards, Fin, will help us. He used to date Casey, and I know he isn't as much of an ass as the others."

She definitely had a mouth on her. I didn't mind. "Leave only a few behind? Are they that confident?"

"They have her chained to the rock wall. She isn't going anywhere." Vera sighed. "I would have brought her out myself if I could have."

"Chained to a wall? Isn't that a little over kill?" I had to ask. "Wouldn't keeping watch and tying her hands be enough?"

"They seem determined to keep her there. I don't know what they have planned, but it can't be good."

Normally, I'd have been highly skeptical. The girl had admitted to being part of the same clan that took Casey, but I wasn't. Something about her face said it all. She was as worried about Casey as we were. Either way, she was our best shot of finding her.

"What!" Toby yelled. "We have to get to her."

"I didn't know anything about it until they brought Casey in." Her face paled. "I'd have never stayed. Everything changed when the boss came into the picture, and then I found out they were hunting my sister."

"But why would they hurt her?" I asked the obvious question. "That's insane."

"It's the boss. I haven't met him, but he's here."

"We're getting her now." From the tone of Toby's voice, I knew he wasn't playing around.

Chapter Thirty-Five

Toby

I couldn't wait a second more. Chained? They had her chained? My stomach churned and my heart beat out of my chest. We had to find her.

I tried to tune out Vera and Jared. They'd been bickering constantly since leaving my grandfather's house. How two people who didn't know each other could find so much to argue about was beyond me. At the moment, they were discussing the art of the hookup. I couldn't listen. I knew they were distracting each other, making every moment more tolerable, but it was just making it harder on me. I couldn't relax. I could barely breathe until I had Casey at my side again.

"We're going to get her out." Vera caught up with me as we walked through the woods. It was only a three mile walk, but it felt endless. Vera had scoffed when I offered to fly her. I guess bears don't like to leave the ground.

"I know. I just want her now."

Vera smiled. "And that's admirable. I'll be sure to tell Casey she has the real deal with you, but we can't rush this anyway. We have to get in there when most of the clan is out hunting."

"What if they don't go hunting tonight?" I'd been through enough crazy experiences to realize that things rarely went perfectly as planned.

"They will. They didn't leave for two days while waiting for Murphy to bring in Casey and for the boss to show up. They're going to be gone awhile."

"Who's the boss?" I needed more information. At least it would keep me occupied as we walked.

"I don't know. I wasn't allowed in, and I left the first chance I had."

"Wait." I spun on her. "You left Casey with the boss?"

"I knew I couldn't do anything on my own." Vera glanced at me nervously. "She told me you guys would help."

"What's happening to her? How could you leave her?" I bellowed.

Jared grabbed my arm. "Shut up! Do you want to give us away?"

He was right. I had to calm down. I just couldn't believe Vera was only mentioning this information now.

"I want to get her too, remember that." Vera's voice was soft and far less confident than I'd gotten used to her sounding like. She seemed like the kind of girl who had to be right all the time. Casey had some of that in her too, but she was more balanced. Just thinking about her made my chest hurt. I'd never felt half as strongly about anyone in my life. How was it possible that we'd only known each other a few months? It felt like ages-and not in any semblance of a bad way.

Finally, the cave came into view. I started toward the entrance, but Vera pulled back on the collar of my t-shirt. "We have to wait."

I spun on her. "How much longer?"

"It shouldn't be much longer now."

We waited what felt like an eternity but no one came or went. I was losing it. I couldn't wait.

"I'm going in alone." Vera stood from the crouch she was in.

Jared pulled her back down "Are you crazy? I'm going with you."

She put a hand on her hip. "I'm a bear. I can handle caves better than you."

Jared gave her a long look. "They know you left. It's not like you can just return like nothing happened."

She seemed to think over Jared's words for a moment. "Maybe, maybe not. Maybe no one noticed I was missing."

"You've been gone for hours. They have to have noticed."

"What good is it going to do if you both get caught? I'm going in and getting her. I'll bring her out to you, Toby. Then you get her the hell away from here."

"I'll go in with you. Toby waits out here." Jared said it like he was actually in charge.

I wasn't having it. "No. Why should I wait?"

"Didn't you hear what Vera said? We're going to get her out to you. That way, if something happens to us, there's still a chance for her."

I gritted my teeth. "She needs me. I'm going."

Vera placed her palm on my chest. "Trust me on this. Stay here. She has a better shot if we're split up. If we don't come out quickly, come in after us."

I didn't like it, but I also didn't have a better plan. I could wait a while, but I wasn't waiting too long. Casey needed me, and I wasn't going to let her down.

Chapter Thirty-Six

Casey

Terrified. I'd never understood the true meaning of the word until I woke up and found myself left there helpless and chained to a cave wall. One chain was attached to each leg while another covered my body that was wrapped up in that straight jacket again. I was in trouble.

By temperature I wasn't cold, but I couldn't control the shivers caused by fear. I needed to believe Vera would find Toby in time. I knew I was leading him into danger, but I needed to trust his words. I needed to believe he wanted me in his life. I also knew that something was wrong with me. My head throbbed and vague memories of a robed figure started coming back to me. The room was pitch black, and I had no idea how much time had passed. It could have been hours or days since they first brought me in for all I knew.

I struggled against the chains again even though I knew they wouldn't budge. What good was Pteron strength if it wasn't enough to get me out of the situation?

I heard muted voices in the passageway around me. Was it Vera? Was Toby with her? I closed my eyes, building up all the strength and confidence I could muster. The voices died down. It wasn't them. How much longer would it take? When would the boss come, or had he already? I thought back on the shadowy figure.

My eyes flew open sometime later when I heard footsteps approaching. A torch lit up the face of my visitor.

"Fin?" Confusion flooded me. Did they need to make things worse? Did they need to remind me of another mistake years before.

"Don't talk." His voice was sharp, so I listened.

He leaned over me, and I held my breath. He couldn't hurt me. There was no way. His hand brushed against me as he unlocked the chain fastened over my body. He also released my hands from the straight jacket. "Give me a head start out of here. I'm putting myself on the line." With a quick glance back, he disappeared through the rock entryway.

I waited until I heard his footsteps disappear before I tried to move. With my hands free, I was able to break the chains on my legs. Had Fin just helped me escape? Why? If it was a trap, I had to tread lightly, but I also didn't have time to stop and worry. I got up and away from that darn stone wall.

The passageway was silent so I left the enclave, hoping I could somehow find my way in the darkness. Pteron night vision is great, but it has its limitations. It requires at least some light source to work off of. The pitch darkness of the cave was too much.

I fell to my knees and tried crawling. With my eyes closed I could focus better on my other senses. I heard what sounded like running water. I remembered hearing the same noise on the way in. I tried to calm my breathing and beating heart.

I followed the sound of water and kept crawling until I saw a small sliver of light. I was going to make it.

A bear claw reached out for me, and I jerked away, ready to fight. But with the limited light I could see again, and I saw the hazel eyes. I knew this wasn't an ordinary bear, it was Vera. She wasn't alone, and I just barely made out Jared's muscular form.

I couldn't speak at first. I was too afraid of getting caught. I was so relieved to see them, but I froze when Toby's absence dawned on me. Where was he? I whispered Toby's name, knowing Jared could hear. He only nodded forward. I hoped that meant he was okay.

Vera pushed her nose against me, urging me forward. I followed her out, passing two bears lying in a heap on the floor. I wondered if Vera or Jared was responsible for that. Seeing the hurt animals made me worry. I hoped nothing had happened to Toby. I'd never forgive myself.

What felt like an eternity later, we stumbled out onto the forest floor.

"Casey!" Toby yelled as soon as we emerged.

I picked myself up off the ground and ran into Toby's arms. I knew we didn't have time to waste, but I needed to feel his body against mine. Neither of us said anything. We just wrapped up in each other's arms and let the physical contact say the rest. Wordlessly, we broke the embrace and turned toward Vera and Jared. Vera was still in bear form.

"I'm going back in." Jared hadn't said a word to me yet. "The boss might be in there, and I have to find him. Otherwise, we're never going to get answers."

I pulled myself from Toby and walked toward Jared. "Be careful and thank you." I hugged him.

"You be careful too." Jared turned to Toby. "Take care of her. We'll meet back in the city."

Toby put an arm around me. "Don't do anything stupid."

Jared grinned. "Would I ever do something like that?"

Vera let out a grunt that probably would have been a laugh if she were in human form. I still couldn't quite accept that she was my sister. Pterons still look like people when they transform-bears were entirely different.

Jared shifted his weight from foot to foot. "We'll catch up with you soon. You have to get her out of here, Toby."

Toby didn't need to be told again. He transformed, and I did the same.

We flew for a half hour until neither of us could wait anymore. We landed in an open field.

I knocked him over in my excitement, unwilling to bother transforming back. "You came for me." I gazed down at him with a grin on my face.

"Of course I did." He reached up and rested his hands on my hips. "Did you really doubt it?"

I shook my head, shaking out my hair while enjoying the fresh air and the feel of Toby's strong hands on me. "No. Not for a second."

He grinned. "Then we're making progress."

"I love you." The words flew off my tongue without a second of hesitation. I had no doubts about how I felt. My heart was so full. Nothing else in the world could change it.

"I've been in love with you since the first time you served me coffee."

I swatted at him. "That's not true."

"Sure it is." He took both of my wrists in one of his hands. "Ever hear of love at first sight?"

"And you just didn't realize it until now?"

"Oh, I realized it ages ago. You just didn't give me the chance to say it."

"Here's your chance. I love you, Toby, and I always will."

"I love you, Casey Bates." He pulled my body down on his and his lips crashed into mine. I needed the taste of his lips, his mouth. I indulged in him, feeling a mix of relief and passion as he deepened the kiss. Everything else disappeared. It was just the two of us alone in a field in the middle of the night.

"You're amazing." He broke the kiss first, and it brought me back to reality.

"Do you think Vera and Jared are okay?"

Toby pulled me against him. "Please don't ever tell anyone I'm saying this, but if I had to trust anyone with my life or yours, it would probably be Jared. Not to mention that your sister is a pretty bad ass bear."

I smiled. "She is, isn't she? And I agree with you about Jared. Despite our, uh, history, he's the kind of guy you want on your side."

"He's into your sister."

I laughed, realizing I didn't care nearly as much as I should have. "Yeah, well, can you blame him? The Bates girls are pretty hard to resist."

Chapter Thirty-Seven

Jared

Caves have to be one of my least favorite places in the world. Cramped and dark even for a Pteron, they're the worst place for a bird. You'd think one trip inside the place would have been enough, but I wasn't ready to give up. If I didn't find the boss, we'd just have to go through this again. I choked down my discomfort and prepared to go back inside the cold and dank space. Vera tried to follow me in, but I had her keep lookout. I knew there was no telling when the rest of the bears would be back, and considering we'd only taken out four, that left over twenty. I hoped I'd be out of the area before they came back.

The only guarantee I had that the boss was inside came from the bear Casey had dated, Fin. Vera insisted we could trust him, and from our brief meeting in the cave earlier, he seemed willing, although reluctant, to help. More than his promise, I had faith in Vera. I trusted her more than I should have trusted a girl I'd just met. I also couldn't get the image of her naked body out of my head. I shook myself. I was not allowed to have those kinds of thoughts about a bear, especially not when I had work to do.

I remembered the basic layout of the cave and headed back around to the area where Fin planned to meet me. His job was to take care of any bears that came back early, but I hoped I wouldn't need him. I wasn't sure what I was going to do when I met with the boss, but I'd find a way to take him down. No one was stronger than a Pteron.

"Hello, Jared."

My head snapped up when I heard the sweet female voice. There was something familiar about it, but I couldn't quite place it. I didn't answer. I just kept moving in the right direction.

"I'm over here."

The voice was coming from behind me. I turned in the tight space and tried to stand. The ceiling was so low that I had to keep my head bent over.

"I'm so glad you're here. I was scared you wouldn't come back for me."

It wasn't Vera or Casey. Who was it? Before I could wonder for long, my eyes were blinded by a bright light.

"Tiffany?" I stepped back in shock when I took in the sight of Allie's friend. She was wearing all black leather. Her blonde hair was perfectly done in curls cascading down her back.

"Yeah, it's me."

"What are you doing here?" Alarm bells went off. Something was wrong. Tiffany shouldn't be here in a cave. She should still be in Hawaii or back in New Orleans.

"I'm here to see you." She stepped toward me. "Isn't that why you're here? You're looking for me?"

"For you... wait are you?" I'd assumed the leader was male, but maybe I was wrong. Maybe the boss had been right in front of me the whole time.

"The boss? That's right." Her lips quirked into a smile.

"How? You're just a human." I searched around me for an exit but there was none. The room was so cramped there was no way I could transform.

She stepped even closer. "Really? Do you really think I'm just a human?"

"What are you?" My eyes went to her chest. Her low cut top left her breasts nearly tumbling out. She was dressed as unTiffany-like as you could get.

"Oh, Jared. Can't you figure it out?" Her voice was teasing and sexy, and all wrong. Everything about her screamed magic.

"A witch. You're a witch. The bears are working for you?"

"That's right, big boy." She ran a finger down my chest. "I'm the boss."

"What? How? Why?"

She laughed. "Cat caught your tongue?"

I lifted my head up and smacked it into the ceiling. The physical pain was nothing compared to the panic setting in. "But you're nineteen."

"Oh, isn't that sweet?" She stepped even closer, pushing me against the cave wall. I couldn't move. My body felt like lead. "Tell me something, Jared. Have you ever been with an older woman?"

"How old are we talking?" Things were getting weirder by the second.

"Older." She leaned in. "But now what are we going to do? You've seen me."

My heart raced. What the hell?

"Funny how easy it was to get you here."

"Get me here?" Then things started to fall into place. "You wanted me to come looking for Casey."

"It wasn't planned from the beginning, but it's nice to get you out of the way."

My chest clenched. "Out of the way? What do you mean?"

"The Laurents have publicly claimed Casey now. You know what that means?" She didn't wait for me to answer. "I'll tell you." She touched my chest again. "It means that if something were to happen to Levi before he has an heir, Casey would take the throne."

"So? Casey's a good person. She wouldn't get mixed up with you."

She laughed. It was a frightening laugh that didn't fit her at all. "You're forgetting something, Jared honey. Casey isn't pure Pteron. Her head is like an open book to me."

"What? You can mess with Casey's mind?" Was that why we weren't supposed to mate with shifters? Maybe the combination of genes somehow created Pterons whose minds weren't immune to all magic. And if that was the case, did the same thing apply to Pterons mating with Pterons? I didn't have time to think about it for long.

She grinned. "But of course. Whether she knows it or not, she's no longer in control of her decisions."

"But Allie and Levi are fine."

"Are they?" Her lips brushed against my ear. "I like Allie so I decided to let her have her honeymoon. They won't be coming home from it though."

My heart sunk. I wanted to vomit. Levi and Allie were in trouble, Casey had a witch controlling her, and no one else knew. I had to get out of the damn cave. I had to get to Allie and Levi.

"I bet we can find some good uses for you." She grabbed my crotch. "I've always wondered what the famous Jared Florence was like. I've already experienced your brother." She blew out her candle, and my heart about stopped. I hoped with everything I had that both of the Bates sisters were safe. I knew I couldn't hope the same thing for myself.

