Preface

A single howl made me stop short. "The wolves!"

"Let's hope they are farther away than they sound." Gage tightened his hold on my hand and pulled me forward.

Three more howls filled the night. "They sound closer."

We picked up the pace, and I chanced a glance behind me. That was a mistake. Several large grey wolves came into view. "Run!"

Gage didn't need to be told twice. He broke into a run without letting go of my hand.

I ran as fast as possible over the frozen snow, but we didn't get far before the wolves started circling around us. "Oh my god." Could things get any worse?

"You have to make a run for it." Gage's voice quivered. "They're going to kill us."

"I'm not leaving you." I tried to stay strong, and I kept my eyes locked on the wolves. There were five of them. All of them were massive, much larger than any wolf I'd seen before, but one of them was even bigger and had a large silver streak running down its back. That wolf seemed to be staring right at me.

"I'll distract them. You run. I'll catch up."

I spotted an opening next to one of the smaller of the wolves and went for it. I didn't make it far before one of the wolves stepped in front of me. I froze, paralyzed with fear, before my legs were knocked from under me. Suddenly, I was lying in the snow with a giant wolf hovering over me.

"We're fucked." Gage voiced exactly what I was thinking.

The silver streaked wolf stared down at me. It's almost glowing eyes bored into mine. Was I really going to die as half-frozen food for a giant wild animal?

Then things got hazy and the air seemed to buzz. Moments later it wasn't a wolf on top of me-it was a man. A completely naked man with a faint scar across his face.

"What the heck?" I tried to scurry back, but Hunter didn't move. His very exposed parts nearly touched me. I didn't want to notice his size, but I did. He was huge. He also didn't look remotely concerned with the cold.

His lips brushed against my ear. "Were you going somewhere?"

Chapter One

Mary Anne

He wore black athletic shorts that sat low on his hips and gave me a fantastic view of his perfectly sculpted abs. I had a strong desire to touch those abs with my hands and quite possibly my tongue. His bare chest was equally as alluring, all muscle with just a little bit of sweat sliding down.

"Thanks for waiting up for me." He walked into his room and closed the door. "I was worried you'd have fallen asleep already." He slipped off those black shorts and walked toward his bed that amazingly enough I was already tucked into. He pulled back the blanket. "And you're wearing the lingerie I like best." He grinned wickedly as he slipped in beside me.

"Isn't the best part taking it off me?" I bit my lip, knowing that it would only turn him on more.

"You remembered." He slipped the strap down off my right shoulder.

"I remember everything about you. I always have."

"How'd I get so lucky?" He slipped off the other strap as he left tiny kisses from my shoulder up toward my neck.

"You know you're the only one I've ever wanted."

"I know." He pushed my top down and out of the way. "I feel exactly the same way." His mouth closed around my breast.

"Mary Anne!"

My eyes flew open as someone pounded on the door to my dorm room. I blinked a few times, trying to hold on to the remnants of my dream.

"Mary Anne!" The voice yelled louder.

I grudgingly dragged myself across the room and opened the door. I wasn't surprised to see Genevieve standing there.

"Finally!" She pushed into the room. I closed the door and cut her off before she could sit on my bed. I needed to make it first. I pulled back my jersey knit lime green sheets and navy blue comforter. As soon as I smoothed out the comforter, she took a seat.

I sat in my desk chair and watched her. "As lovely as it is to see you, I'm guessing there's a reason you're here?"

"Aren't you a little grouchy this morning?" Suddenly her glossy lips twisted up into a smile. "Wait....you were dreaming about him again."

"Why do you have to say it like it's a bad thing? Most women have some sort of sexual dreams. It isn't at all abnormal." I ran my fingers through my long red hair to get out the tangles.

"Mary Anne, I'm only saying this because I'm a friend and I care about you, but you're obsessed." She crossed her legs. "Most women may have sex dreams, but they're about celebrities, not a guy they actually know. Plus, the frequency is the crazy part."

"There's nothing wrong with dreaming about Gage."

"There is. If you want him so bad, just get with him. It's not like he'd say no. He's gotten with half the girls on this campus already."

I groaned. "That's not entirely true. I admit he has a reputation, but he doesn't actually sleep with everyone. Plus, I can't just sleep with him. We have a history. We're from the same town." Maybe claiming we had a history was a bit of an overstatement, but I had known him practically my entire life.

"Is he still driving you home for break?" She leaned back on her hands.

"Of course. Why would that change?"

"I thought you might have considered taking Roy up on his offer to drop you off on his way home." She raised an eyebrow.

"Gage and I are going to the same place. It makes sense to have him drive me. Plus, my parents know him."

"Mary Anne." Genevieve was in the habit of saying my name far more often than necessary. She was the best friend I had at Eastern U, so I didn't remind her of how annoying the practice was. "You know what you're doing, right?"

"Are we still discussing my plans to get a ride home with Gage?"

"More specifically we're discussing your decision to say no to Roy's offer. You're chicken. You're afraid of accepting an overture from a guy who you actually have a chance with. A guy who is really interested in you."

"I wonder why you want me to give Roy another shot?" I bit back the smile that was ready to come out. "This would have nothing to do with his best friend, would it?" I'd gone out on one date with Roy, and although there was nothing particularly wrong with it, I had no intention of seeing him again.

"What?" She put a hand on her chest. "Of course not."

"Oh? It wouldn't be convenient for you if I were dating Roy?"

"Sure, it would be convenient to have an excuse to spend time with Tony, but that's not why I want you to give Roy another chance. He's a nice guy."

"He is nice. He's also intelligent and cute, but that doesn't mean I want to spend four hours in a car with him."

"Not when you can spend the same amount of time in a car with Gage."

"Gage drives a truck."

Genevieve sighed. "Same thing. My point is that you have no excuse to be sitting around pining over a guy when you have real, good options knocking down your door."

I didn't take the bait. I was too stressed out to get into a fight about my love life. "I'm taking a shower." I walked over to my closet and pulled down my favorite pair of worn in jeans. I took a purple thermal shirt from my dresser. December in Boston was cold.

"I'm sure it's going to be a cold shower." Genevieve made no move to leave my room.

"I hadn't even gotten to the good part in my dream, so a hot shower will be perfectly fine."

"I'll wait here." She lay back on my bed. "We can walk over to the exam together."

I hesitated with my hand on the door knob. "That sounds great, but please no more overanalyzing my choice of men. I need to keep my mind focused on the test."

"You're going to ace it. You know this stuff inside and out."

"Let's hope. I refuse to become the first member of my family not to get the Youngston Fellowship, and I need to ace calculus to get it."

"You'll ace it, but so what if you don't get the fellowship? You'll still get into grad school, and you'll be able to do exactly what you want anyway."

"You don't know my parents."

She sat up. "I've met them."

"Meeting them is different than knowing them."

"Yeah, but you said they wouldn't mind you getting a ride home with Gage. That makes me question their sanity." She laughed. "Ok, take that shower. We don't have much time."

"I wonder why not."

"Don't start. Your alarm would just be going off."

As if to prove her point, the dinging of my alarm started. Genevieve turned it off, and I headed down the hall to the bathroom. Four hours in the car with Gage. I could hardly wait.

Chapter Two

Gage

"Do you want to get out of here?" A girl whose name I only vaguely remembered pushed a bunch of blond hair off her shoulder. She tilted her head slightly in order to reveal her neck to me. Whether she knew it or not, that was her subconscious way of telling me she was available and willing.

The problem with majoring in Psych, and having a mom who was a psychiatrist, is you noticed those things. You noticed when a girl was acting in the same way an animal would-showing she was submissive. Some guys might have found that a turn on, but I didn't. Unfortunately that was about the only type of girl I tended to attract. The more challenging ones, the type that wouldn't hand over control until I earned it, were harder to come by at Eastern U. Either that or they just weren't interested in a guy like me.

"I'm good actually." The party was boring, but I wasn't in the mood to even consider taking the girl home. I was more concerned with how crappy my drive home would be the next day if the snow came early.

"Are you sure?" She put a hand on my forearm and leaned in. "We could be having a lot more fun somewhere else."

"I'm leaving early tomorrow." That was the lamest excuse in the book, but it was nicer than any other line I could come up with.

"Oh. Ok." Her face fell as she released my arm. "See you around." She walked off into the crowd. I was sure she'd find someone else to occupy her time. I didn't delude myself into thinking I was anything special to a girl like that. I was a body with a dick and some muscles. She'd find a replacement easily.

Loud laughter had me flipping around. "Cold, man." It was Josh, of course.

"Shut up. I don't have to sleep with every girl that comes my way."

"No, but that one was cute enough." He gazed in the direction she'd disappeared. He was probably staring at her ass.

"I'm not interested." I looked out at the falling snow again.

"You have messed up taste. You still haven't even bagged that sexy nerd who is always hanging on to your every word."

"Who, Mary Anne?" Sexy nerd was probably a good description for the girl. I'd have never thought that Mary Anne Andrews would ever earn the label sexy, but somehow in the months since showing up at school she'd become just that. I noticed her way more than I should have, and she'd even starred in a fantasy or two. Her older brother would have had my ass for even thinking about her that way.

Josh laughed. "So you admit she's sexy."

"She's attractive, I've never denied that."

"But, you've yet to tap that resource?"

"Tap that resource? That's a pathetic one even for you."

"You know what I mean. She's from your hometown. If you had her as a friend with benefits you'd get some back home too."

"Not going to happen. I've known her way too long, and it's not like that with us." Up until a few months ago I still thought about her as a little kid. That was definitely changing, but it didn't change whether I was going to touch her.

"That's the excuse you can use when you're good friends, but you're not good friends. There is no friendship to ruin."

"There's still plenty to ruin. But why the hell do you care?" Josh always had ulterior motives.

"I'm getting bored. She seems like a fun new challenge."

I shook my head. "Don't even think about it."

"Why not? If you're not interested, what does it matter if I want in?"

"Because she's off limits." Way off limits. I wasn't sure where the strong protective instinct came from. As Josh pointed out, we weren't close friends, but Mayville, our hometown, was small enough that you knew everybody. Add to it that I played football and basketball with her older brother, and it seemed natural enough.

"Whatever, someone's going to tap that soon. If they haven't already."

He was right. I knew that. I'd seen her out on a date the week before and found it bothered me more than I wanted to admit. Mary Anne had definitely grown up, and I wasn't the only one noticing just how attractive she was. She hadn't realized it yet though. I could tell by the way she looked down instead of making eye contact.

"Are you really planning to leave early tomorrow?" He wisely dropped the Mary Anne subject.

"Yeah, I don't want to get stuck in the mountains when the snow hits."

"How many hours is it?"

"Just four, but it takes ten times longer in the snow."

"Gage, what's up man?" Tad, my at times annoying roommate, called from across the room.

"I'm pretty much the same as I was a few minutes ago when you asked."

He laughed drunkenly. "Oh, I forgot."

"Why are we friends with him again?" Josh asked.

"I could ask the same question about you."

Chapter Three

Mary Anne

"Wow, this is fun." I rolled my eyes at Genevieve as we made a half-attempt to mingle with our classmates. We were at a house party of a sophomore I'd had a few classes with that semester. It's not that Genevieve and I were completely anti-social, but we didn't exactly revel in drinking cheap beer and wearing short skirts with the hope of catching the right guy's eye. Okay, I'd have worn nearly anything to get that kind of attention from Gage, but I knew he wouldn't be at this party. Even in college Gage and I were part of different crowds. I guess some things never change.

"We've been here close to an hour. Let's hold off until ten thirty, and then we can leave." Genevieve was the type who always came up with an answer. She never waffled or wavered, which made her the perfect person to go out with.

"Deal." I forced myself to take another sip of the flat beer I was currently holding. It tasted just as putrid as the last sip. I gave up on the beer and focused on the faint music playing in the background. The music seemed out of place at a college party. It felt dated in that, 'this is what my parents would listen to' sort of way.

"We're done with first semester. That should be exciting." She sipped her own beer. By the expression on her face she wasn't enjoying hers either.

"It should be. We're halfway done with freshman year." Somehow the first semester of college had been a letdown though. My high expectations tend to lead to disappointment.

"Maybe there's something wrong with us. We don't get excited about normal things."

"Or maybe we're the normal ones." I set down the red cup.

"Mary Anne?"

I tensed. I recognized the voice, and it wasn't one I'd been looking forward to hearing. I turned around slowly. "Hi, Roy."

"I'm not sure if you got my calls." Roy eyed me suspiciously. He wasn't really asking a question.

"Oh, sorry. It's been a busy couple of days."

"I've been calling for the past week, and you definitely avoided me after lab the other day."

Genevieve laughed, and I glared at her.

"I'm sorry." When push comes to shove, sometimes you have to cut your losses and just fess up to someone even if it's going to make for a sticky situation.

"I don't understand you." He crossed his arms.

"How so?" This would be interesting.

"Why go out with me if you were just going to blow me off afterward?"

That was a good question, one I didn't feel like answering.

"You really won't even let me drop you off on my way home? I promise I'm a really good driver."

"I don't doubt your driving expertise, but I told you I already have a ride."

He sighed. "You look really nice tonight."

I glanced down at my jeans and sweater. Nothing overly special. He was grasping for straws. "Thank you."

"At least you'll take a compliment from me. That's better than ignoring me completely."

I felt bad. I never should have said yes to him in the first place. I'd just been curious. And lonely. I was eighteen-years-old. Loneliness shouldn't have been an issue. "I really am sorry."

"Hey, ladies." Tony strode over in his geeky way. I had no clue what Genevieve saw in him, but she wasn't the only one. He seemed to always have a girlfriend, and they were generally the really pretty sorority girl type. Maybe it was the whole 'he could be the next billionaire software developer' angle. It didn't do it for me. I'd have rather made the money myself.

"Hey, Tony." Genevieve smiled all doe eyed at him.

"Did you guys see the weather update? It looks like it's going to be a crazy storm."

"The report changed?" How hadn't I known? I was usually on top of that sort of thing. I pulled out my phone. "Two feet? We're supposed to get two feet now?" I hoped the more severe forecast didn't mess with our trip home.

Genevieve sighed. "There's no way my flight is getting off tomorrow."

I groaned. "If it snows like that I'm not getting home either."

"That settles it, we can have a snowed in party then." Tony put an arm around both of us. Sometimes I wanted to remind him that he wasn't actually cool.

"A snowed in party?" Roy asked while shooting his friend a dirty look. I was positive the look stemmed from him having his arm around me. I glanced at Genevieve. She had to realize how ridiculous he sounded. Instead she was grinning. I wondered if I looked just as ridiculous when I talked to Gage.

Tony appeared oblivious to Genevieve's attention. "Yeah, we might as well make the most of it."

I shrugged out from underneath his arm. I needed to find out what Gage's take was on the storm. Knowing him, it wouldn't worry him. "I'm going to text Gage."

"Why? So he knows he can stay out all night partying?" Genevieve ribbed. She understood my fascination with Gage as much as I understood hers with Tony. At least we'd never have to worry about fighting over the same guy.

I rolled my eyes. "No, so we can make alternative plans."

"Gage? Gage Morris?" Roy looked between us. "Are you still hung up on him?"

I ignored Roy. He was really grating on my nerves, and for about the one hundredth time I regretted my decision to go out to dinner with him. It wasn't that he was bad looking, he wasn't. He was smart, generally nice, and way better than most of the guys I attracted, but I wasn't interested. The tiny voice in my head that never shut up reminded me of my problem. I didn't want to settle for anyone but Gage. I was obsessed, but I had no plans to change it.

"I'm guessing she never told you who was driving her home," Genevieve answered for me as I texted.

Did you see the weather report?

Gage didn't reply right away, so I pocketed my phone.

Roy gave me a disapproving look. "Gage is driving you home? Do you really think that's smart?"

"We're friends from home. It makes more sense then you going out of your way to stop in my town."

"It's fifteen minutes out of the way. What's fifteen minutes when I get to spend hours in your company?"

Genevieve gave me an 'I told you so' look.

I shrugged. The guy was nice, but I was done leading him on.

Roy touched my arm. "Looks like the snow already started."

I followed his gaze to look out one of the small windows someone had opened. A light sprinkling of snow blew inside.

Genevieve watched with a pout as Tony walked off to talk to another group of girls. "Ready to head home?"

"Sure, nice seeing you, Roy." I tried to be polite. Lesson learned: don't date guys you have to take classes with all four years of college.

"Listen, Mary Anne. I think we should try it again. I had a great time the other night, and I know you did too. I was going to wait until after break to ask, but with the weather and all we're probably going to be stuck here another day. Maybe we can watch a movie or something tomorrow night?"

"Oh, I don't know." I struggled to find an acceptable excuse.

Genevieve shook her head. I shouldn't have even given the guy hope, but I wasn't used to turning people down. It wasn't something I'd had to do a lot.

I said a polite goodbye to Roy before following Genevieve out of the apartment and into the stairwell. We walked down the stairs and out into the light snow. I regretted bringing a coat without a hood. I looked down as we walked to avoid getting the stinging flakes on my face.

"We're almost there." Genevieve shivered beside me. She was probably having the same coat regret I was. "Remind me again why we go to school in the arctic?"

I laughed despite the discomfort. "You think this is cold, try living where I'm from. It's worse."

"I'm only visiting in the summer."

"Are you sure? I'd have thought you'd want to learn to ski."

She pulled her jacket tighter around her. "The only kind of skiing I enjoy takes place on the water."

"And that's the one type I've never done." I pushed open the door to our dorm. Genevieve hurried in behind me, and we let the door slam shut.

We took the stairs up to the fourth floor and automatically went to my room. I was one of the lucky few who'd ended up with a single room. Genevieve had a roommate whose boyfriend had pretty much moved in the first day. I'd been tempted to offer to switch rooms with her roommate, but I loved having my own space when it came time to studying-or pining over Gage. Her roommate had left for vacation already, but some habits are hard to break.

Genevieve glanced at her phone. "Damn it." She slammed my door.

"What?" I hung up my jacket in the closet.

"They already canceled my flight."

"Seriously? But the snow's just starting."

She shrugged. "Well, at least I don't have to worry about it. I know I'm stuck here."

I sat down cross-legged on my bed. "They'll have the airport dug out quickly, and hopefully they'll rebook you soon."

"Let's hope." She slumped down next to me.

My phone rang from my purse, so I got up to look at it. "Gage?" My heart sped up even though I knew why he was calling.

"Hey, Mary Anne." His voice changed slightly when he said my name. Either that or I was imagining things. "Are you packed?"

"Yeah, but it looks like we're going to be here another few days."

"Not a chance. I'll swing by to get you in ten minutes."

"What? Didn't you see the weather report?"

"Yeah, that's why we're leaving now." His deep voice distracted me until I heard a door slam. "It's not like I'm dying to get back to my parents' house, but I don't want to get stuck on campus without power or anything. I need to go pack the truck. I'll see you in ten. Will you be outside?"

Ten minutes? He really wanted to leave in ten minutes? "Are you sure about this? What if the storm gets worse?"

"I've got the chains ready. We're good, I promise."

"Gage, I don't know-"

"Do you want a ride home or not?"

If it were anyone else asking I would have said no, but it was Gage. Any logical thoughts went out the window when it came to him. "Yeah, I need one."

"Then I'll see you in ten." He hung up.

"No." Genevieve shook her head. "There is no way you're getting on the road right now."

I stared down at my phone. "I think I am."

"Why?"

"He thinks we'll beat the storm this way. It would be nice to get home..."

"So what, you're just going to leave me here?"

"He's my ride home. What am I supposed to do?" I finally snapped out of my fog enough to start collecting my stuff.

She crossed her arms. "Roy made it clear his offer was still on the table. It makes more sense."

"I'm going with Gage." My reasoning wasn't sound, but it was Gage Marshal. Nothing about me was ever sound when it came to him.

"Don't let your hormones get you into trouble. Do you really want to spend this storm stuck at some seedy hotel?" She paused. "Wait. Don't answer that."

I laughed. "We'll be fine. I'll call you when I get in."

"How much time do you have?"

I glanced at my watch. "About eight minutes."

"Seriously? That's it?"

"Pretty much." I searched around my room for anything I may have forgotten to pack. "Great. I forgot to pick up snacks for the road."

"Let's check out the vending machines." Genevieve knew me well enough to know there was nothing she could do to change my mind.

I put my purse over my shoulder and wheeled out my large suitcase behind me. I turned off the lights and locked my door. "So long room, I'll miss you."

Genevieve nudged me. "Stop rubbing it in."

"Oh come on, your roommate left today, you actually have your own room tonight."

"True. I might as well enjoy it." She led the way to the stairs. "Too bad Tony's not interested."

"There are so many better guys out there."

"Says the girl obsessed with a muscle head who thinks of you as a little kid." She held open the door to the vending area of the lobby.

I tried to shrug, but that only offset my bag. "We can't choose who we fall for."

"Isn't the saying we can't choose who we love?"

"Yes, but I don't want to admit I love Gage."

"But you do." She gave me a knowing look.

"No comment."

The vending machines were largely empty, so I settled on a bag of MandM's, two bottles of Coke so we could stay awake, and a package of peanut butter cups.

Genevieve picked up the peanut butter cups. "I thought you didn't like peanut butter."

"I don't." Gage, however, loved it.

I glanced at my watch. I was down to a minute. "I need to head out."

"All right, be safe." She pulled me into a big hug.

After a few moments I pulled away. "You too! Have a safe trip, and I'll miss you."

"We'll have to talk once I make it home. I want to know all about your drive."

"I'm sure I won't have anything to report, but I'll tell you all the boring details."

A horn honked, and I knew exactly who it was. "I better go."

She held open the door, and I wheeled my bag out.

Gage jumped out of his truck while keeping the engine idling.

"Did you have to honk? I'm less than thirty seconds late."

He grinned. "I have to keep you on your toes." He took my bag from me before walking around to the back of his truck and opening the tailgate. He had one of those camper shells, so at least we didn't have to worry about our stuff getting wet in the snow.

I shook my head and went around to the passenger side. He was already in the driver's seat by the time I closed my door. "Are you sure about this? The snow is getting heavier out there."

"Relax, Mary Anne. Don't you trust me?" He set those brown eyes of his on me, and I was lost.

I nodded absently. "Of course."

He grinned again, probably realizing exactly what effect he had on me. "Just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride."

Chapter Four

Gage

Shit, she was uptight. Mary Anne was cute, but man, she was tuned up tighter than a guitar string. If she'd been any other girl I'd have probably been coming up with ways to get rid of that tension, but she was off limits-even to me.

I drove through the nearly empty city streets as she struggled to get out of her dark blue parka.

"Do you need some help with that?" My chivalrous side couldn't stand to see her struggle.

She pulled one arm out. "You're supposed to be driving."

"I can drive and help you at the same time." I was good at multi-tasking.

She blushed which made me wonder if she was thinking about me helping her in another way. Now that would make the four hours go quicker. My body responded to that thought, and I cursed silently. Getting a hard on this early in the trip wasn't a good thing. Maybe I shouldn't have agreed to drive her home.

She folded the coat in her lap. I needed a coat on my lap at the moment, but I'd already tossed mine in the back. "It doesn't matter. I got it off."

"Great." I turned on the radio and started to flip through the stations to distract myself. How was this girl having this effect on me? Maybe it was from the close proximity.

She pushed my hand off the dial. "I can do that."

"Oh, can you?" I teased, while trying to ignore how good the momentary physical contact felt. I was losing it, and we'd just gotten on the road.

"I'd rather get out of this city in one piece. Please drive, and let me do the other things."

"The other things. Gotcha."

She flipped through the stations until she landed on a rock station.

"Do you listen to this stuff?" I asked with genuine surprise. I pegged her as the classic or folk music type.

"Yeah. My dad raised me on classic rock."

"Oh, my mistake."

She crossed her arms. "What kind of music do you listen to?"

"Rock." I smiled. "You picked well."

"Great." She settled back against her seat. "I'm sorry."

"For?" I glanced over, hoping my momentary lapse from keeping my eyes straight ahead wouldn't set her off again.

"Getting on your case. I just get nervous driving in snow."

"It's a good thing you're not driving then." I put an arm behind her seat and glanced out at the dense flakes of snow that seemed to be falling faster than even ten minutes earlier. "But how you can be nervous driving in the snow growing up in Mayville, I have no idea."

"Don't you remember my accident?"

"Wait, yeah. Didn't you total your Dad's car the day you got your license?" That story had spread through town like a wildfire.

"Yeah." She slumped down. "I don't think my dad's ever forgiven me."

"At least you weren't hurt."

"Not physically... it took me six months before I tried driving again."

I touched her arm gently. "I'll say it again. It's a good thing you're not driving."

She pushed my arm. "Thanks."

"Aw, come on. We have all had that kind of stuff happen."

"Not my family," she mumbled under her breath.

"Fair enough." She had a point. Not only was her brother the star player on just about every sports team you could name, he was also valedictorian. He was the kind of kid everyone hated.

"The snow's picking up." She changed the subject as I turned onto the Mass Pike.

"Back to the weather, are we?" I teased.

"It's appropriate considering what it looks like outside."

"Think of this as an adventure then."

"An adventure? Right." She turned to look out the window, but I caught a smile on her face first. She had a nice smile, the kind that actually showed off teeth.

Nice. At least I was making some progress with her.

We drove for about another hour before we came to a near standstill in traffic. The lines of cars went on for as far as I could see. It was probably an accident. "Fantastic."

"Do you want to stop? We can still turn around or find a place for the night."

I'd have been more than happy to find a place for the night with her, but that wasn't in the cards. "No, the snow isn't too crazy right now. Let's pull off at the next town so I can put the chains on." I didn't want to admit it, but the snow was getting heavier. With chains I'd be able to get through the mountains, but without them it might get dicey.

"Okay, we can reassess then."

I smiled. Reassess. This girl was something else.

We crawled for another twenty minutes before we finally hit the exit. I pulled off, looking for a gas station with a covered area and an open twenty-four hours store so Mary Anne could grab us some food. Half a mile down the road, I found something better, a station catty corner to a diner that still had its lights on. I decided to deal with any angry response head on. "One of us needs to do the chains and the other needs to order food. I'm not about gender stereotyping but-"

"I'll get the food. What do you want?"

I laughed. I guess I'd been wrong about her response. "Surprise me." I winked.

She slipped back into her coat and zipped it up. She looked adorable with the hood on, but I kept that assessment to myself.

I opened the tail gate and pulled out the chains. It would probably take longer for her to get the food, but I wanted to get the chains over with. Even without the snow, it was cold as hell out, and I was ready to get inside.

Fifteen minutes later I walked inside and glanced around for Mary Anne. She was seated in a booth chatting with an older couple sitting at the next table.

"Hey." I slid in across from her.

"Hey. Did you get them on?"

"Yes. It's not my first time doing it."

"I know. I just felt bad leaving you out there like that." She gazed out at the snowy parking lot.

"Aww, thanks." I noticed a cup of coffee. "How'd you know I wanted this?"

"It's late and we've got hours to drive. Whether you wanted the coffee is meaningless. You needed it."

I sipped the hot coffee, enjoying the warmth on the way down. "Thanks."

"Don't you want to know what I ordered you to eat?"

"I told you to surprise me, I'll find out when it gets here."

"You didn't mention your friend was so handsome." The older woman smiled at Mary Anne.

I grinned. "You were talking about me?"

She shifted in her seat. "I was assuring this nice couple that I wasn't out in this weather alone."

"Of course not. I mean girls can't even travel themselves, can they?" I smirked.

Mary Anne kicked me under the table.

"Well, you two would make a lovely couple." The woman smiled.

"We would, wouldn't we?" I didn't know why I was messing with Mary Anne, but it was unbelievably fun. Her facial expressions were priceless. I even got another blush out of her.

She shook her head. "Oh look, our food's coming."

A waitress walked over with two large white plates. She placed mine in front of me.

"Perfect." I grabbed one fry from the heaping pile on the plate next to my turkey club.

She blushed again. "Glad you like it."

She took a bite of her identical sandwich.

"You assumed I liked the same thing as you?"

"No, I remembered," she mumbled before taking a sip of her coffee.

"Remembered from?" I wracked my brain. Had we had a meal together before?

"That's what you ordered when you went out to eat with my family in high school."

"Uh..." Did she seriously remember what I ate that long ago?

"I have a really good memory." She stuffed a fry in her mouth.

"Wow, I'm flattered you remember."

"Don't be. I told you I just have a good memory."

"Whatever you say." I forced back a smile. Good memory or not, she was into me. That thought made me happier than it should have.

"I need to talk to you about something."

"Uh oh. I'd worry you were going to say you were pregnant, but we haven't had sex." Not yet. Fuck, I couldn't think that way. She was off limits. Completely off limits. I shouldn't have even been joking with her that way. It just sort of happened. She was bringing out that side in me.

Both members of the older couple looked over. Mary Anne glared. "Very funny."

"Okay, what is it?

"There are a couple of decent hotels around. Maybe we should see if we can find one with an open room."

"Mary Anne, I'm flattered you want to get me into a hotel room, but I'm kind of in the mood to get home." Total bullshit. My pants were tight just thinking about her in a hotel room, but it would lead to trouble.

She kicked me again, this time harder. "With all these sex jokes I'd think you were the one who wanted me."

"Who said I didn't?" No use lying to the girl.

Her face paled and she said nothing. Had I actually left her speechless? "We've got the chains and a truck. We're good."

"Ok. I'm going to use the restroom. I'll be right back." She slid out of the booth and walked away.

"She's a keeper." The older man leaned over.

"Yeah, thanks." I had to get myself in check. What was going on with me? Maybe this is what happened when I went close to two months without getting any. It was my longest stretch of celibacy since I was sixteen, but I just hadn't found anyone worth my time in a while. All the girls I attracted seemed desperate or something.

"I mean it. Don't be stupid. Girls like that are hard to find, and when you do find them you need to keep them." He reached over and squeezed the hand of the woman I assumed was his wife.

"Okay." I wasn't thinking about keeping her. I was more concerned with how I was going to keep my hands to myself for the next few hours.

I went back to my sandwich. I polished it off before she even got back to the table. At least I could take care of that appetite. "My turn for the restroom."

A few minutes later, we were heading out the door and back to the truck.

I opened her door. She looked at me funny before hopping in. Did she think I didn't know how to be a gentleman? I'd never been rude to her before.

"The turnpike's closed up at forty-one because of an accident," a trucker called over. "If you're heading west I'd go back inside."

"Is twenty still open?" It wouldn't be my first choice for a road, but it beat turning around.

"Sure, but who would take that road in this weather?"

"Me." I got in the driver's seat and backed out. At least we had chains on.

Mary Anne looked over questioningly. "What was he telling you?"

I debated how much to tell her as I drove back toward the turnpike. We only needed to go another fifteen miles or so before I could turn off and get us over to another road. I didn't want to get her unnecessarily concerned, so I tried to play it off. "Oh, just that the turnpike's closed about fifty miles up."

"What?' She sat up stock straight. "Then why are we back on the turnpike? We need to find a hotel."

"No we don't. It's closed for an accident. We can take a highway on up and pass the part that's closed."

"A highway? In this weather?"

"Come on, we've got chains, and it's only a few hundred miles."

"I'll pay for the hotel. Really, I don't mind."

"Mary Anne, chill out. I put the chains on. We're fine."

She gripped her seat. "But what if other people aren't? What if drivers without chains crash into us?"

"Then we die."

"GAGE!"

"Sorry. It's going to be fine. Anyone without chains is going to steer clear of the smaller roads in this weather. Don't worry."

She crossed arms and huffed. "You better be right."

"I'm always right. If you remembered what kind of sandwich I like, I'd think you'd have remembered that detail."

"I can only remember what actually happens."

I chuckled. "Ouch."

"All right, if we're doing this I want your eyes on the road."

"Yes, ma'am."

"And no distractions." She switched off the radio.

"What if that was helping keep me awake?" Besides, my biggest distraction was the one reprimanding me.

"Was it?"

"No, but you'll just have to keep me awake yourself." I'd let her interpret the comment any way she wanted.

"I can assure you, I'm not letting you fall asleep."

"Did you tell your parents we were leaving tonight?"

"No. I didn't have time. If I told them now they'd freak out. They've already left a message about waiting until Thursday to drive."

"Same with mine. I guess we'll just surprise them tonight."

"Mine are still going to freak."

"Nah. They'll be happy to see you."

"They just saw me last month."

"Wait. I thought you didn't go home for Thanksgiving." I'd offered to give her a lift then too.

"I didn't. We met up at my Grandmother's in New York City. I took the train."

"Oh, ok." I should have known. Her brother hadn't been home either.

We drove in silence for a while. The farther west we went, the fewer sets of headlights we saw. I knew it wasn't going to be an easy ride, but at least I had company. Unbelievably distracting company.

Chapter Five

Mary Anne

Snow fell from the sky in sheets, blanketing the road and trees. Gage drove slowly, and we seemed to have good traction, but it was impossible to relax. For his part, Gage didn't seem bothered by the weather at all. He just sat there staring straight ahead.

Guilt hit me. He was the one forced to drive, yet I wouldn't even let him listen to music? "We can turn the radio on if you prefer. Want me to see if there are any good rock stations out this way?"

"I don't mind the quiet." He glanced at me before quickly returning his eyes to the road.

"I appreciate the ride. I probably should have said that in the beginning." I hoped I wasn't coming off as completely over dramatic.

He laughed. "It's not a problem, but thanks for the thank you. I don't mind the weather, but it's nice to have some company."

I loved his laugh. It was so deep and sexy. What about Gage wasn't sexy? "Do you have any big plans while you're home?"

"Big plans? In Mayville?" He arched an eyebrow.

"Ok. True enough, but if there's anything going on you'd know about it."

"Joey is throwing a party tomorrow night. Want to come?"

Joey would have never invited me himself, which meant I shouldn't go. "Oh, that's okay."

"You don't want to go with me?" Sometimes it was hard to know whether Gage was teasing or not.

"I don't want to be the uninvited guest people make fun of."

"Make fun of? Who would make fun of you?"

"Come on, Gage. We both know what your friends thought of me."

"What? You weren't in my crowd, but that doesn't mean they made fun of you."

"Cam did." That guy had been the bane of my existence at one point.

Gage grinned. "That's because Cam liked you. He asked you out and you shot him down."

"What? To homecoming my sophomore year? That was a joke. A mean one."

"A joke? You thought that was a joke?"

"Of course. A guy like him didn't ask a girl like me to dances." Nor did a guy like Gage.

"It wasn't a joke. You hurt his ego."

"Oh." I wasn't sure if Gage was telling the truth or not, but I didn't care enough to push the subject. I remembered crying myself to sleep the night Cam asked me out in front of about twenty kids.

"You should come tomorrow night. I promise I won't ditch you or anything."

"Maybe." I shrugged.

"Maybe means no." He looked over at me. "Say yes."

"Gage!"

He looked forward just in time to hit the brakes. A second longer and we would have collided with the car in front of us.

In a delayed reaction Gage put his hand in front of me as if to hold me back. "Fuck." The car had no lights on and straddled the right lane and shoulder.

"Agreed." Any lighthearted conversation was over. This was no longer a leisurely drive.

We sat there waiting for the car to move, but it didn't. "It's broken down. That's why we didn't see any lights." Gage backed up and moved into the left lane to pass the stopped car. I tried to peer into the dark windows, but I didn't see anything.

"Okay, near accident over, can you just say yes to the party so we can move on?"

"Why do you care?" His insistence had almost caused an accident.

"Because I do. We go to the same college. We're from the same town. We might as well be friends."

"And being friends means going to Joey's party?"

"Yes." He smiled.

I wasn't sure if it was his plan, but returning to the party conversation helped calm my nerves. Nearly rear-ending that abandoned car had done a number on them.

"We're going to get off at the next exit."

"Why? I thought we didn't have to get off for another forty miles?"

"The turnpike isn't plowed, so there's no reason to stay on it and risk what just happened. We're taking the back roads."

"Are you sure you know where you're going?"

He nodded. "Yeah, I've driven this way before."

He didn't sound overly confident, but I couldn't argue with the evidence. The snow was heavy on the turnpike, and there were likely plenty more abandoned cars up ahead. Still, I didn't like the idea of getting stuck out on a back road somewhere. At least I wasn't alone.

Gage put on his blinker and made a slow turn off onto the ramp. The snow had drifted and half the lane was piled high with snow. "I'm going to need a drink when we get home tonight."

"Your parents let you drink at your house even though you're not twenty-one?"

He nodded, thankfully keeping his eyes fixed straight ahead as he drove us carefully onto the highway. "I'm twenty. That's close enough."

"I wish mine felt that way."

"See, that's another reason to come to the party tomorrow. Otherwise you'll have to go sober."

"I don't drink much at school anyway."

"What do you do?"

"Meaning?"

"You do party some, right?" He adjusted his hands on the wheel.

"Of course. I was at a party last night." A lame one, but a party nonetheless.

"I should introduce you to some of my friends when we get back to Boston."

"Wow, first Joey's party and now this? What is this 'pity the poor loser'?"

"Loser? Not exactly. I just don't get why we never hang out with the same people. We're not in high school anymore."

"Yeah, but there are still different crowds."

"Don't you think I'd enjoy meeting your friends?"

I laughed. "Oh yeah, you'd love that."

"What? I've seen you around campus. You have friends."

"Of course I have friends, but they're not your type."

"My type? I have a type of friend? Does that also mean I have a type of girl?"

"Of course." Not me.

"Okay, let me hear it."

"Your type?" I asked.

"Yeah, this should be interesting."

"Attractive, cool." I paused while trying to come up with more adjectives.

"Very descriptive. You do realize that description covers you though."

What? Was Gage calling me attractive? "Whatever." I tried to shrug it off.

"You don't think you're cool? You have to realize you're attractive."

"I don't have to." It's not like I had horrible self-esteem, but I knew I was pretty average.

He glanced over. "I hope that's a joke. Do you realize how many girls would give everything to look like you?"

"Like me? Not likely. It's more like every guy would want to look like you..." And I'd just said that thought out loud.

"Oh? You think I'm attractive then?"

I sighed. No reason to deny it now. "Who doesn't?"

He chuckled. "And now the truth comes out."

"The truth?"

"Yes. The truth. You got in this truck with plans to seduce me."

I laughed dryly. "Oh yeah, that's it." No, I only plotted that in my dreams.

The snow came down harder, and Gage sat forward to see out the windshield. "Man, this isn't good."

"No. No it isn't."

We drove down the empty two-lane highway for another forty-five minutes without seeing a single car. Clearly no one else was crazy enough to be out in the storm.

"We're obviously going north, but where are we exactly? Close to Albany yet?"

"We're still a little ways off from there." He slowed down the truck. "Oh. But we're good. At least we won't hit traffic."

"Very funny."

"I knew these chains would come in handy. I almost took them out of the truck over Thanksgiving."

"It's a good thing you didn't." I rested my head back. "I'd offer to do some of the driving, but..."

"Yeah, you're not driving my truck."

"Would you have said that even if I hadn't brought up my accident?"

"Yes. No one drives Bessy but me."

"Bessy? You named your truck Bessy?" I crossed my legs and turned toward him.

"Is there something wrong with that name?"

"No. It's just surprising." Gage didn't seem like the type to name a vehicle. I figured he was more concerned with the horsepower.

"See, you don't know everything about me."

"I don't know plenty about you."

"I know almost nothing about you." He changed into fourth gear as we headed up the next hill. "Tell me about you."

"What do you want to know?"

"Start with-" Something dark whizzed by the truck, and Gage hit the brakes hard. We spun out, the truck flying across the snowy terrain and down into a ditch, not stopping until we slammed head first into a tree. My heart was nearly beating out of my chest.

"Are you okay?" Gage reached over the already deflating airbags toward me.

Nothing hurt, but I was definitely shaken up. "I think so. What about you?" I looked out. Between the darkness and the snow I couldn't make out how far we were from the road.

He turned on the light. "Yeah, but what was that? It came out of nowhere."

"I don't know. Some sort of animal."

"I'm going to look." He opened his door, letting in a blast of cold air. I peered out the window as he walked around. Less than a minute he returned to the truck. "There's nothing out there."

"At least nothing you could see." I shivered.

"Technically you're right, but we have bigger problems than an animal."

"What?"

He glanced out his window. "It's going to take some work to get the truck back on the road. That is if the truck even starts. I don't know what kind of damage we did."

"Are we that far off the road?"

"There's a layer of ice, and even with the chains it's going to be tough. The snow is getting crazy out there."

"But we can still get out, right?" The temperature was only going to drop. Getting stranded could be dangerous.

"I'm not giving up yet." He tried the engine. It sputtered and then did nothing.

I tried to stay calm. It was the twenty first century. You were never really off the grid. "Think anyone could come get us?"

He shrugged. "It's worth trying."

"I agree. Emergency vehicles in this area are equipped for the snow." I pulled out my phone and noticed there were no bars. Still I tried information, road side assistance, and even 911. Nothing.

"Let me try mine." He pressed some buttons on his phone before tossing it on the dash. "Fuck." Gage cursed more than I remembered, but then again I'd never been with him during a situation like this before.

He tried the engine again. Nothing. Oh my god.

"We're stuck here." He voiced the reality that was already swimming around me.

"For real? As in we're here for the night?"

"Yes." His lips were pressed into a firm line.

"I knew this was going to happen. I should have listened to Genevieve. I never should have agreed to this crazy plan."

"Crazy plan? We were fine until that animal ran in front of us. We were moving slow but steady."

"Even if it wasn't for the animal we would have gotten stuck anyway." I balled my hands into fists. "And now what? We're stuck in the freaking boonies during the biggest snowstorm of the decade."

"Looks that way." He put his hands behind his head. "We'll get through the night. I have a sleeping bag back there."

"You think we're sleeping in the back of your truck? In one sleeping bag?"

"It's not any colder back there than here. At least we can stretch out."

"It's going to be freezing. And I repeat. In one sleeping bag? What kind of stretching out do you expect to be doing?" Spending time in a car with Gage was intense for me, but in a sleeping bag? I couldn't imagine.

"Do you have a better plan? I don't exactly see any."

"No." I held my head in my hands. "We'll just have to find a way to stay warm. It's going to be close to zero tonight."

"You're the genius, how are we going to do that?"

Genius? Not exactly. "Body heat is the best method, so the sleeping bag it is." The idea came to me and despite my usual nervousness with Gage I just went ahead and voiced it.

"Body heat?"

"Yes." I touched the screen of my phone to keep it illuminated.

He smiled. Considering the circumstances, that toothy smile said a lot. "I knew you wanted to get me naked."

"I never said naked."

"But isn't that how body heat works? We can't stay dressed."

"I don't think underwear is going to cause a problem." My body heated at the thought of being naked with Gage.

"Do you want to move there now? It's just going to get colder." He switched off the light on his phone.

"Let's enjoy the residual heat that's up here right now." I wrapped my arms around myself. I was terrified of our predicament, yet excited about the prospect of getting close to Gage. My body and my mind were at war. Most of me was terrified, but a small part was jumping up and down screaming. I was about to get half naked and into a sleeping bag with Gage. The combination of feelings was intense.

"Do you think it was a deer?"

"The animal? I don't know. All I saw was a blur."

"I'm sorry." He shifted causing his jacket to make a rustling sound.

"Don't be. It's just as much my fault."

"How do you figure?"

"I agreed to come. I thought you were right, and we might beat the storm."

"We almost did." He exhaled loudly.

"Yeah. Almost."

We stayed in the cab until the last bits of heat disappeared. My hands got cold first. I'd packed my gloves in my suitcase.

He switched on his light again. "Let me go set stuff up first. There's no reason for us both to get colder than necessary."

"That's not fair. It's my turn."

"Save your body heat. I'm going to be using it." He got out and slammed the door behind him. I was left in the darkness until I turned on the light on my phone. I heard him moving around in the back, and I waited a minute before getting out to follow him.

My boots sunk into the snow as I made my way around back. I kept my head down, trying to avoid the wind and snow that swirled around me.

He helped me up into the back and closed the tailgate. "It's not perfect, but it's going to have to do."

He used his phone to illuminate the back. He'd set the sleeping bag up on top of a blanket which was settled on top of a thick rubber mat that covered the truck bed. He handed me the phone so he could barricade the tailgate with our bags. The rest of the sides were already lined with the other random stuff he had in the back. The camper shell kept out the wind and snow, but it couldn't stop the cold from seeping in.

"Do I want to know why you have a sleeping bag back here?" The bag seemed even smaller than I pictured, my nerves picked up.

"You never know when you're going to need it." He hesitated with his hand on the zipper of his coat. "Are you serious about this body heat thing?"

"I think it's the best option to stay warm tonight."

"I have no problem with it." He unzipped his coat and kicked off his shoes.

I still held his phone, and the light was giving me a clear view of him. I slowly unzipped my jacket as I watched him slide out of his jeans and pull off his shirt. I thought my heart might stop.

"I'm glad you're enjoying the show, but don't forget you're supposed to be getting naked too."

"We're not getting naked."

"Ok, keep on your underwear, but body heat means stripping down." Dressed in only a pair of plaid boxers he slipped inside the sleeping bag. He didn't shiver, giving me hope that the lining of the bag was warm.

"Could you turn around?" I still held his phone with the flashlight illuminated.

"You watched me. Fair is fair." He grinned wickedly. "And if you could go ahead and start the show now I'd appreciate it."

I tossed him the phone and mustered all my confidence. I'd wanted Gage to notice me. This certainly wasn't an ideal situation, but it was probably the only one I was going to get. I tossed my coat aside and kicked off my boots. I let out a deep breath before pulling off my sweater.

"Take it all off, baby."

"Shut up!"

He laughed. "Sorry, couldn't resist."

I unzipped my jeans and took them off, quickly moving to slip into the sleeping bag. "Make room for me." He shut off the light while I struggled to find space in the sleeping bag.

"We're going to be close." He adjusted himself so he had his arms wrapped around me. Close was an understatement. "I was wrong about you."

"What?" I held onto him, enjoying the warmth of his body.

"You're more than attractive."

"Oh." I smiled. "Thanks."

"What about me?"

"I'd already seen you without your shirt on." I had every inch of his chest memorized; down to the little grouping of freckles I'd been dying to run my fingers over.

"Oh?"

"You take it off to run and play sports." I was pretty good at randomly passing the playing fields at the right time.

"So I'm in a sleeping bag with my stalker?"

"Not a stalker." I adjusted my head on his chest. "Just a fan."

"Are you a virgin?"

"What?" Had I heard him right?

"I assume you know what the word means."

"Of course!" I tried to move away, but that was impossible in the small space.

"So are you?"

"Why does it matter?" My heart was beating erratically. Were we really having this conversation while almost naked?

"I guess it doesn't, except I'm wondering if you realize what you're doing to me right now."

"What am I doing to you?" I knew exactly what he meant. The evidence of his arousal was pressed firmly against me.

"You tell me. But first answer my question."

"I'm not a virgin." Admittedly my experience was limited and nothing worth writing home about, but my answer was honest.

"Good."

"Why?"

"I don't want to corrupt you."

"You're not corrupting me. I'm not as innocent as you think."

"Oh yeah?" His voice was thick with curiosity. "When's the last time you had sex?"

"Do vivid sex dreams count?" Where was this boldness coming from? Maybe knowing how turned on I was making him had something to do with it.

"They don't count, but I'm curious who they're about." He tightened his arms around me.

"Every single one of them is about the same guy."

"Yeah?" His breath was warm on my face. "Who is it?"

"You."

His heart beat faster in his chest-I could feel every beat of it with us pressed so closely together. "You dream about me?"

"All the time."

"And is it good? The sex?"

"Yes." So good I never wanted to wake up from the dreams. His body wasn't the only one responding. His closeness was making it hard to think coherently.

"How not innocent are you?" I could hear the struggle in his voice.

"I'm not a virgin, I already told you that."

"Yeah, but that doesn't mean you're cool with something happening right now."

"I've wanted you longer than I'll admit."

He groaned. "You're killing me."

"Have you ever thought about having me?"

"Yes. I mean not all the time, but the thought has crossed my mind." His breath was warm on my face. "It's definitely on my mind right now."

"Yeah, I figured that."

"Yeah... it's hard to hide."

"At this rate you might as well not have those boxers on."

"Take them off me then."

"Take them off?" My voice wavered.

"Yeah. You're going to have to make the move here, Mary Anne. I need to know you really want this."

"I want this." I reached down and grabbed him. He was already poking out of his boxers, so it wasn't hard.

He groaned. "That feels so good."

"Yeah?" He was as big as I imagined, and I felt powerful holding him in my hand. I was the one making him feel good, and it wasn't just a dream.

"Do you want me to touch you?" His voice came out breathless.

"Of course." Hadn't I just admitted to having tons of sex dreams about him?

"Where?"

"Are you purposely making this hard on me?"

"I told you, I need to know you want this. I'm not taking advantage of you." He was struggling. He didn't want to take things slow.

I was going to have to move things along myself. "Fine." I attempted to unclasp my bra, but it took three tries and an elbow to Gage's face to manage it. "I want you to touch my breasts."

"Good, but the question remains, what you want me to touch them with?"

I didn't hesitate with my answer. "Your mouth."

Within seconds he had my bra discarded and his mouth settled on one of my breasts. He teased my nipple with his teeth, and I moaned.

He picked his head up just enough to talk. "Anything else I should touch them with?"

"Your hands." Like he needed me to tell him that? I'd been imagining just how good his large strong hands would feel like on me for years.

He cupped my other breast with his hand. The combination of his mouth and hand had me unable to keep my eyes open. "Do you have a condom?"

"A condom?"

"Yes... isn't that the most likely next step?"

"I have a few in my wallet."

"Ok, I'll get your pants." I shifted.

"Wait. I took it out. It's in the front."

"Darn it." There went the evening's plans. As much as I wanted Gage, I wasn't having unprotected sex.

"Are you on the pill?"

"Nuh uh. Don't go there. No sex without a condom."

"The chance of getting pregnant is really low if-"

"Yeah, this isn't just about pregnancy. I didn't need to ask about your virginity."

"I've always used protection before."

"Do you want to have sex with me, Gage?"

"Yes!" he practically screamed.

"Do you want me bad enough to walk around and get your wallet?"

He started moving out of the sleeping bag. "Yes."

He pushed away the suitcases, and when he opened the tailgate he let in a sharp gust of wind and snow. I was so hot that the cold gust didn't bother me. I waited nervously for him to return. I slipped off my underwear and carefully placed them with the rest of my clothes. He got back in the truck and closed the tail gate again.

"You're going to have to warm me up." He tossed his boxers as I held open the bag for him. His naked body was ice cold as he slipped in next to me.

"Is this a bad time to tell you that I changed my mind?"

"What?" He went still.

"That's a joke."

"Oh, thank god." His mouth closed on my breast again.

"You'd know that if you moved your hand down."

I didn't need to tell him twice. His hand was between my legs in seconds. He lifted his lips from me. "You're so wet."

"I did tell you I have constant sex dreams about you. The fact that I'm excited shouldn't come as a surprise."

He laughed. "Everything about you tonight is coming as a surprise."

I opened up to him as I took him in my hand again. He fondled my breast while his lips attacked my neck. I moaned, overwhelmed by the sensations. "I want you so bad."

"Not as much as I want you." He fumbled with the condom in the dark, finally unwrapping it and putting it on. "You promise you really want this?"

"Yes," I replied urgently. "And stop asking. I want you, and I want you now."

"Good." He thrust into me, and I gasped. He moved slowly at first, but he gradually sped up.

Suddenly he stopped. "Is this what it was like in your dreams?"

"Kind of."

"Oh? What was different?"

"You always do it harder in my dreams."

"Why didn't you say so?" He thrust harder and deeper until I could barely contain myself. It had been long enough that it hurt a little, but adrenalin, mixed with fear and excitement set me on fire.

"You feel so good." He continued his fast and deep movements until he pushed me over the edge. He shuddered and remained on top of me. "Fuck, how did I not try that sooner?"

I could barely catch my breath. "Uh, thanks, I think?"

He didn't make a motion to move, but I didn't mind. I liked the feeling of his body on top of mine. "Are you still cold?"

I laughed. "Not at all."

"Good. I have four more condoms, so that should get us through the night."

"You had five condoms in your wallet?" I guess the player reputation was an earned one.

"Yeah, I like to be prepared."

I clenched my eyes shut. "And I become another notch on your belt. Perfect."

He still remained on top of me. Inside me. "You're not a notch. We have a date planned for tomorrow night."

"Oh yeah. Still think we're going to make it?"

"We'll get back there. I mean we'll have to when we run out of condoms."

He pulled out, and I found myself missing the sensation. He seemed to sense how I felt. "Don't worry. I'll be back very soon."

"How are you so confident? How do you even know I want you again?"

"Are you going to pretend you don't?"

I sighed. "No."

"Are you tired?"

"Are you kidding? After that?"

"Good. Then I know the perfect way to keep us warm."

Chapter Six

Gage

"Tell me about your dreams. I want details." I was already hard again, but I needed to give her a break. I still couldn't quite believe what had happened, but I knew I wasn't dreaming. After hours of resisting her in the truck, I had her nearly naked body pressed against mine. I lost all will power when I figured out she wanted me just as badly.

"I'm not telling you that stuff."

I brushed my lips over the sensitive skin of her neck. "Nuh uh, you can't get shy now."

"It's not being shy. Those dreams are private."

"Private? What's more private than having sex? Sharing your dirty dreams can't be more private than that."

"They're not dirty." She attempted to roll away from me, but considering we were in a sleeping bag, she couldn't get far.

"So they were clean sex dreams?"

"Just drop it." She buried her face in the side of the sleeping bag.

"Hey. Are you okay?" Fuck. Was she upset?

"I'm fine."

She didn't sound fine. "I thought you wanted that. You said you wanted it."

"I did. Just drop it."

"I'll drop the dreams, but I'm not dropping what happened considering we're still naked in a sleeping bag together."

"I feel stupid."

"Stupid? Are we back to you agreeing to leave during the storm?"

Outside the wind howled, reminding me just how dumb I'd been. Putting myself in danger was one thing, but Mary Anne was another story. I already cared about her, but now it was different. We were involved on a whole new level.

"No. For caring. For having those dreams."

"Why? Was it a letdown or something?" I'd never had complaints before, but maybe I hadn't lived up to her expectations. She'd blown mine out of the water.

"No." She rested her head on my chest again. "It was good."

"Just good?" I ran a hand through her hair.

"How was it for you?"

"Fantastic. I'd always heard the quiet girls were the best in bed."

"Quiet? Do you really think I qualify as a quiet one?"

"Ok, not quiet, but bookish."

"And those are the same?"

I let out a silent sigh of relief. I had us back on normal ground. I didn't know everything about girls, but I knew enough to realize she was embarrassed. She had absolutely no reason to be, and I had to make sure she knew that. "Close enough."

"I can't believe you're ready again."

I laughed. "I can't really hide it right now."

"Too tight of a space I suppose."

"Despite our precarious situation, I don't mind the tight space-or the position."

"If we make it out of this alive you can reflect back on your crazy lapse of judgment when you had sex with me."

"Lapse of judgment?" I took her face in my hands. It was too dark to see much, but I needed her to look at me anyway. "Stop. I'm glad this happened. I want it to happen again, and not just out here."

"I'm not signing up as your fuck buddy, Gage."

"Fuck buddy? Who says that?"

"People."

I ran my thumb over her lower lip. "I have no intentions of using you if that's what you're afraid of."

"Then what are your intentions?"

"I don't know," I answered honestly. What were they? I couldn't just pretend it never happened. First, I wasn't leaving it at one night. And aside from that, it was Mary Anne. I'd know her for years. Our parents lived two blocks away from each other, and I still saw her brother over breaks and the summer. She wasn't going anywhere. Maybe we'd figure it out. I wasn't looking for a relationship, but we could have fun. Maybe a little bit of time together would help her unwind. So why was I promising she wasn't going to be a friend with benefits, or fuck buddy, as she called it?

My rock hard dick probably had something to do with that promise. At least that's what I told myself. I preferred that excuse to one that involved my own feelings. I had to protect her, but protecting her couldn't involve cutting myself off. At least not yet.

"What are you thinking about?" She pulled me from my guilty thoughts.

"You."

"Come on."

"It's true."

"And did those thoughts have to do with the body part pressed against me right now?"

"The body part? Come on Mary Anne, you can say the word." I could picture her blushing. Damn, that just turned me on more.

"Of course I can say the word penis."

"You make it sound so clinical. You're not talking about mine specifically."

"What is this? You keep pushing me and pushing me. I put out, isn't that enough?"

"Put out? Now you're making me feel bad." I wished I could see her face. "If it weren't so damn cold I'd get out of this sleeping bag and get dressed."

"And what would you do with that then?" She took me in her hand.

I groaned. "I hope you know what you're doing."

"Didn't I already prove that?"

"Yes." I closed my eyes reveling in the feel of her hand. What was I worrying about?

"What was that?" She let go of me.

I felt the absence of her hand immediately. "What's wrong?"

"That noise. It was like a howl." She shivered, and I knew it wasn't from the cold.

"A howl?" I held her tighter. "Like a wolf?"

She didn't need to answer, a loud howl filled the silent night.

"It sounds close." Her whole body shuddered. "Do you think it can get in here?"

"No. The truck is solid. The biggest risk tonight is still the cold."

"I'd be flipping out if you weren't here." Her body relaxed slightly.

"That's hard for you to admit isn't it? You like feeling independent."

"Would you rather be alone?"

"Of course not. And just to be frank, there's no one else I'd rather be stranded with in the middle of nowhere during a blizzard."

She laughed this sing-song laugh of hers.

We lay there quietly, and I rubbed her back trying to help her relax. Mary Anne tried to act so tough, but she was human. She was terrified. I was probably a horrible person for taking advantage of the situation, but I'd make up for it. I'd make sure she understood she was more than a notch, but first I had to make sure she got some rest.

We were focused on the night, but I knew the morning wouldn't necessarily bring us any easy solutions. The storm continued to rage on, and we'd be lucky if a car came by in the next twenty-four hours, let alone one that saw us off in the ditch. I pushed away those fears and focused on taking care of the frightened girl in my arms. She was relying on me, and there was no way I was going to let her down again.

***

A few rays of sunlight filtered in through the camper windows that were mostly covered in snow. I blinked a few times, quickly remembering where I was-and who I was with. Mary Anne's breathing was even, and I knew she was still sleeping. At least she'd been relaxed enough to sleep. She looked so innocent, so peaceful, so fragile. Maybe she wasn't fragile, but she was vulnerable. She'd put herself in my hands, and I'd done what only an asshole would do. Any rationales I was able to muster the night before were gone. I had no excuse. I'd wanted her, and I'd taken her. The worst part is I wanted her again, and I was going to have her. One taste wasn't enough. But I couldn't have more yet. I didn't deserve more until I got us the hell out of the woods and headed home.

She stirred in my arms, moaning softly.

"Morning, beautiful."

She opened her eyes slowly. "Gage?"

"How'd you sleep?"

She rubbed her eyes. "Am I dreaming again?"

"Not unless your dreams involve being stranded in the snow. But we are both naked if that helps."

She ran her hands over her as if to prove I was telling the truth about the clothes. She touched me in the process, immediately bringing memories of unfinished business back to me.

"I wish it were a dream." She sighed.

"Uh, why?" I really hoped she was feeling that way about being stranded in the snow, and not about what had happened between us.

"Because then I could just have sex with you again without worrying about the rest of the mess we're in."

"No one said we couldn't have sex again..." I teased.

"I did." She sighed again. "I suppose we should get dressed for the day."

"For the day? Are you planning to get naked again with me tonight?" I grinned. "Not that I'd mind that, but I was kind of hoping we'd be in a bed tonight."

"Hopefully we won't still be here, but do you think the roads are going to get cleared today?" She sat up slightly, kneeing me in the process.

"Ouch."

"Sorry." She looked out the small portion of the camper window that wasn't fully blanketed in snow. "It looks like it's only flurrying right now."

She exposed her top half when she sat up, and I wasn't sure what was hotter. Her perfect little breasts, or the way the light fell on her back. Her back was so long and lean.

She noticed me staring and covered herself with her arms. "Hand me my bra and sweater please."

"What if I don't want to?"

"Gage, it's freezing."

"Then let me warm you up again first." My plans to hold off were gone. Two pink nipples and a beautiful back had done away with any restraint.

She lay back down on top of me. It was the easiest way for her to get back in the sleeping bag, but it was my undoing. Her breasts pressed against me, and she lined herself up to me perfectly.

"We have to be strategic. We should start by assessing the damage. Maybe we can get the truck to start."

"Mm hmm." I tried to listen, I really did, but without my permission my fingers found her nipple.

"Gage."

"Yes?"

"Pay attention."

"I'm listening." I squeezed her nipple lightly.

"Somehow I doubt you're listening if you're fondling me."

"I already told you I can do two things at once." I decided to prove my point. I continued my work on her breast while my hand slid down between her thighs.

"Gage."

"Yes?"

"I can't discuss our rescue plan with you-" She moaned.

"What was that you were saying?"

"Gage. Please."

"Please what?"

"Stop distracting me." Her body and mouth were saying completely different things. She opened her legs up as wide as she could within the confines of the sleeping bag.

"Feel free to keep discussing the plan."

"Hmm?" She said absently.

Watching her writher in my arms in pleasure may have been my new favorite thing. She was so damn responsive, and so wet. "Gage."

"Where were we with that plan? We're going to try to start the truck again?"

"Yes. And then if it starts we can try to dig out."

"Okay." I kissed her neck.

"If not we need to try to figure out..." She moaned lightly. "Figure out where we are."

"Of course." I bit down on her neck lightly.

"Gage?"

"Yes?" I moved my mouth over to her breast.

"We can't have sex again now."

"Are you warmer now?"

"Hot."

"Are you sure you don't want to be even hotter?" I was pleading, I knew I was, but what was I supposed to do? How much could a man take?

"If, and I'm saying if, we have sex again, will you concentrate and help me come up with a plan?" She rolled over, the effect had her ass pushing into me.

"Absolutely." I kissed her back.

"Do you really have more condoms?"

"Three more."

"You won't be using the last two."

"But I can use one more?"

"Yes."

I was a lucky man. A twisted, and horrible one, but I was lucky. "Want to stay where you are?"

"Yes."

"Perfect." I moved on top of her knowing I was really going to enjoy this view of her back.

Chapter Seven

Mary Anne

I got dressed before the warmth could wear off. The sex had been even hotter in the morning. Maybe it was the position, or the fact that he'd managed to turn me on while I was plotting, either way it left me dizzy and certain I was going to be miserable when we finally got back to the real world.

"You're amazing, Mary Anne."

"Get that grin off your face." I zipped up my coat. "You promised you'd help."

"And I will, but I'm allowed to tell you how incredible that was." He leaned back on his arms.

"You said it."

"Say it too. I know you agree."

"Do you really have that many doubts about your sexual prowess?" I couldn't imagine Gage had any concerns in that department. He'd more than lived up to my expectations, and my expectations were high.

"No, but I want to make sure I'm satisfying you." His eyes roamed up and down my body, and even though I was dressed, I knew he was picturing me naked.

"I'm satisfied, but you know what would satisfy me more?"

"What?" His eyes got hungry.

"Getting home." I was already craving a hot shower.

He laughed. "I get the hint." He got out of the sleeping bag and started dressing.

My stomach rumbled loudly. "Breakfast time."

"Do you have any food with you?"

"I grabbed a few things from the vending machine, but we'll have to ration."

"Let's see it."

"It's up front." I zipped up my boots. They were the kind made more for fashion rather than actual usefulness, but at least they were warm.

Gage pushed our bags aside and opened the back. I rolled my tongue around trying to get that gross morning taste out of my mouth. Unpacking my toothbrush seemed silly considering the bigger problems we had, so I fought the urge and accepted Gage's hand when he went to help me down from the truck. As I jumped, he moved his hands to my waist, so when my feet met the cold hard snow, he was holding me in his arms. The snow had momentarily stopped, so I didn't bother with my hood.

He didn't release me for a moment, he just studied my face. Finally I had to break the silence that set in. "See anything you like?"

"Yes." He kissed my forehead in a surprisingly affectionate gesture and took my hand. "But I figure I can't just look at you all day."

I bit back a smile and looked around. "That's a lot of snow."

Although the active snow fall had stopped, the snow on the ground was heavy and had blown around into drifts. Essentially the truck was in what looked and felt like a mountain of snow.

"You don't happen to have a shovel back there, do you?"

"No." He looked at the front of the truck. "Want to walk to the front of the cab or should I carry you?"

"I can manage." Despite everything that had happened between us, I refused to look dependent on him.

"Ok, just be careful, and I think you should go through my side."

"Lead the way."

Gage carefully walked through the snow to the front of the truck. I followed, wincing as I sunk into the snow up to my knees.

"Frozen over." He pounded on the door to break through some of the ice and frozen snow.

"Wonderful. You wouldn't happen to have a scraper?"

"It's in the cab."

"Of course." I shivered as another big gust of wind came through. I pulled on my hood. My ears were freezing and probably bright red.

I searched the snow for a rock or a stick to help us break through the frozen door handle. After my hands had turned red, I finally returned to the back of the truck for my gloves. They weren't waterproof, but they'd at least offer some protection. Walking back was easier because I stepped in my sunken foot prints. I slipped on my leather gloves. I'd picked them out because you could still drive with them on. That wasn't going to do me any good at the moment.

By the time I returned to the front of the truck Gage was already wrenching the door open. I hopped in first, carefully stepping over the center console to the passenger seat. The cab was cold, but it at least broke the wind.

Gage took his seat and tried to start the engine. It sputtered. "I'm going to take a look under the hood again."

I put a hand on his arm to stop him. It felt so much more natural now to touch him. "Don't bother. Even if we can get the car to start, it's not like we can get it over these drifts."

"We can get some warmth out of it though."

I thought about it. The tank had been over half full, and it would be helpful to have some time to warm up.

"All right, let's check the food supply first."

I opened my bag. "I've got MandMs, peanut butter cups, and two frozen Coke's."

"Frozen?" He pulled one from my bag and lightly shook the bottle. "I'd probably call it slushy. Which candy do you want?"

"The MandMs, I don't like peanut butter."

"Then why do you have it?" He took the peanut butter cups from me.

"Add it to the stalker list."

"You mean the good memory list." He unwrapped the candy.

"I'm done pretending." The candy was hard and cold, but at least it was something. I tried to savor each bite, wishing I'd spent the extra fifty cents on the king sized version.

Gage twisted the top on the coke. "I guess this counts as our morning coffee."

"I guess so." I tried to get some of the frozen slush out.

I crumpled up my candy wrapper and put it in one of the cup holder spots before putting the soda bottle on top of it. I wanted to at least try to keep his truck clean.

"Do you think you're ready to try to get over the drift and check the road?"

"I don't see any other choice. Afterward we can try the engine again." I figured we should save it until we really needed it; that is if it even worked. "I'm going to have to get out your side again."

"Come on over." He held open his arms.

"Yeah, you get down first."

"You know you want to sit on my lap."

"As much as I appreciate that you still have your sense of humor, we need to stay serious."

"I have to try."

I put on a coat of chapstick, at least my lips would be comfortable. "I know."

Gage put his hands around my waist and helped me down again. The motion was more natural this time.

"Thanks."

"Any time."

I looked at the thick snow. "I think the drift is slightly lower over there." I pointed at a spot behind the truck.

"Agreed." Gage took my hand firmly in his, and we clomped through the snow to reach it.

"What if I boosted you up there? Or I could toss you. Want me to do that? That's what we do with the dogs back home."

"Are you seriously going to compare me to your dogs?"

"I'm not comparing, I'm simply stating it might be easier than either of us exerting the effort to climb. It's going to take a while to dig this out, and for all we know our cell phones will work up on the road."

"Okay. Do it."

He put his hands on my waist again. "Try to land on your feet."

"Gee, thanks."

I knew Gage was strong, but I was still surprised to find myself catapulted up on top of the drift. The snow started to collapse under me so I crawled further toward the road. The cold snow seeped through my jeans.

"You okay?" Gage called up.

"Wet, but fine."

"Wet again already?"

"Shut up Gage!"

He laughed. "Just keeping it light. I'm going to take a look at the truck again. I'm not giving up on Bessy quite yet."

If it weren't for the tree line, it would have been impossible to tell where the road started. Everything was coated with heavy snow, and the snow drifts were crazy. But it wasn't the snow that made everything seem so otherworldly, it was the silence. Aside from the sound of Gage struggling with the truck, I heard nothing. I took out my cell. No service. The emergency numbers still weren't working either. I switched to roaming, but nothing. I tried my Wi Fi and texting just to be sure, but nothing for either.

"No service." I called down.

"Wonderful."

"There's absolutely no one up here."

"What did you expect? Traffic?"

I rolled my eyes.

"Want to start walking? We'll have to hit a town eventually."

The snow was lighter on the road, but nothing about the walk would be easy. "But it's going to be hours. It's freezing out. We have no shelter and look at those clouds." I pointed up even though I knew he probably wasn't even looking.

"It's going to start snowing heavier again."

"Exactly."

"I'm going to mess with the engine."

"What should I do?"

"For now, jump back down. I want to be able to see you."

"Worried I'm going to run off?"

"Do I need to bring up the wolves again?"

Just the mention of the wolves had me ready to leap. "I'm jumping!"

"Hold on."

I waited until I saw him directly beneath me before jumping down. He easily caught me and set me on the ground.

"Your face is all red." He touched my nose with his gloved hand.

"It is cold out."

"You can wait in the truck if you want. At least you'll be out of the wind."

"That's ok. I'll wait with you."

I pride myself on having a substantial knowledge base, but I knew nothing about cars. I wasn't going to be much help to Gage, but I stood by and watched.

"Can you get in the driver's side and try to start it?"

"Sure." I yanked open the door and got in. I tried to start the engine when he told me to. Nothing.

I opened the door and got out. "What do we do?"

"We have two options. One we stay here another night, two we start walking."

"You're always supposed to stay with the car. That's one of the first survival lessons." I couldn't remember where I'd seen or read it, but I was positive I had.

"There's no way anyone is going to be driving through here for days." He crossed his arms. "Do you have anything else to eat? I doubt that candy is going to last us another twenty-four hours."

"No." He had a point. "Maybe we should leave the car then."

"I don't like the idea, but being cold is one thing, being cold and starving is another."

"Maybe we'll get lucky and we'll get service a little ways down the road."

"Maybe. Wait."

"What?"

"I think I have something." I walked back to the tailgate and pulled it open. I opened my suitcase and pulled out the wrapped present I'd picked up for my father.

"Taffy?" Gage peered in to the box filled with pastel colored candies.

"Yeah. From Ackenson's. My dad loved the place when he was in college."

He wrinkled up his nose. "I hate those."

"Well, it's better than nothing, right?"

"Yes. I can't believe you forgot you had these."

"Me either. I had no other ideas for a gift."

"Which kind do you think is best?"

"I tend to go for anything in the red family. I just like those flavors better."

He reached for a blue one.

"I just told you the red and pinks are the best."

He unwrapped his piece. "Exactly. I might as well save you the ones you like best."

I smiled. Despite everything, Gage was concerned that I got the kind of candy I wanted. Maybe things weren't all that bad.

I wasn't thinking the same thing hours later when the last of the taffy was gone. We resorted to drinking some ancient bottles of Gatorade he found in the back of the truck to stay hydrated, and I was reminded of why I hated camping, having to pee in the woods.

Despite the lack of food and restrooms, we decided to stay another night to wait out the storm. My prediction was right, another round of heavy snow greeted us during the afternoon. By the time the sun had set I'd decided that I didn't need to see another flake of snow for the rest of my life.

***

Getting into the sleeping bag with Gage the second night was a whole different experience. Our intimacy the night before had changed things, and we both knew exactly what was going to happen.

"I've been waiting all day for this." Gage ran his hand down my back.

"To enjoy my body heat?"

"To enjoy your body."

"Who said you get to enjoy my body?" I teased.

"I did." He left tiny kisses on my neck. "You can't actually expect me to keep my hands to myself tonight."

"It's not your hands I'm worried about." I shifted to make room for the growing bulge currently pressed against me. He hadn't bothered to leave his underwear on this time. Much to his chagrin, I had. I was still trying to convince myself that more sex wasn't inevitable.

"Oh, I didn't realize you were worried about anything..."

"Nope, being stranded in the middle of nowhere in near freezing weather doesn't worry me."

"I can take your mind off that." He unclasped my bra and slid it off me. So much for keeping some clothes on this time.

"I guess I'm lucky you only have two condoms left. I can only imagine what would happen if you had a box."

"Don't you mean you're unlucky?" He ran his tongue over my nipple, breaking down any resistance I might have had.

I closed my eyes, trying to pretend we weren't in the middle of nowhere.

A loud howl brought me back to earth, and I tried to pull away from him. "Stop!"

"What?"

"The wolf is back."

Another howl followed. Gage shifted beside me. "And he brought a friend."

"We have to leave tomorrow morning. Hopefully the snow finally stops." The last howl had seemed even closer.

"Agreed, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't distract ourselves tonight."

"Yes it does." How was he being so carefree? There were wolves outside.

"Why?" His hand cupped my breast.

"Because they're wolves. We don't want to set them off."

"Set them off? What? Do you think they'll smell us?"

"Maybe. No reason to give them more."

"You actually think they're going to smell my semen or something?"

"Semen, sweat, and they will hear our noises. We're not having sex."

He groaned. "Seriously?"

"Yes."

The wolves howled again, and I grabbed hold of Gage. "I just want to go home."

"Me too, Mary Anne. Me too."

We barely slept that night. Between the howling wolves, and the reality that we were going to have to set off on foot the next day, we were both nervous. Hopefully the weather would clear up enough that someone would come by on the road.

Gage brought my bag over so I could get dressed without getting out of the sleeping bag the next morning. Considering how cold the truck bed was, I definitely appreciated the thoughtfulness. I layered on some extra clothes. I knew it wasn't going to get much warmer. There was no breakfast this time, and even our slushy Coke's sounded good.

"Not that we questioned it, but there were definitely wolves here."

Fresh paw prints littered the area around the truck.

Gage bent down to look at the prints. "They must be some massive wolves, look at the size of those tracks."

I shivered. I really hoped they only came out at night.

We filled Gage's backpack with the essentials from our bags and locked the truck. For the hundredth time I was thankful he was with me-even if he was the reason we were in this mess to begin with. Left alone, I probably would have been huddled in the car crying.

Gage helped push me up the embankment again before following me up. The snow had tapered off again, and the sky was clear, but the temperature was still below freezing, so the snow on the ground wasn't going anywhere. It wasn't quite as deep as it was around the truck, but it was still going to be tough to walk through.

The hours passed painfully slow. My feet were frozen, and I was cursing myself for buying the cute boots instead of ones that were actually waterproof. My socks were soaked through, as were my jeans. I didn't think I was entering frost bite territory yet, but I was afraid I was getting close. At least I'd found a hat and scarf to help with the wind. Gage stayed right next to me, and I realized he was trying to block the wind. I never imagined he'd be so protective.

Finally he broke the silence. "Maybe we should have stayed with the truck."

My arm brushed against his as I tried to stay close. "We had no food."

"I'm packing a week's worth of food next time I drive anywhere outside the city."

"A week? I might try a month." My stomach growled loudly.

He put an arm around me. "We're going to get out of this all right."

"I know. And we'll have an interesting story to tell."

"A great story if we include the sex." He grinned.

"Gage." I blushed, although my face was probably already so red from the cold that he wouldn't have noticed.

"Sorry, couldn't resist. That has been quite the highlight though."

"You are so sex obsessed. You'd probably be ready to go right here." Joking about sex made the situation seem less intense.

He laughed. "Believe it or not, I couldn't. It's too cold."

"Yes, it is."

It took us until late afternoon to go a few miles down the road. The snow was deep and cold, and with our hunger thrown in, we weren't going very fast.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw something in the forest off in the distance. "Is that smoke?"

Gage blinked. "Maybe?"

"You are always supposed to stay on the road, but what if that's our only chance for help?" I gestured toward the woods.

"If it were just me I'd head that way in a heartbeat, but we have no idea who's there. On the other hand, we may freeze to death out here."

"We stay together. That's the biggest rule here."

"Of course." He tightened his arm around my waist.

I let out a deep breath before I took a step off the road and into the woods. "I really hope this isn't a bad decision." I was overcome by an ominous feeling, like there was no going back.

"It may be nothing. Or it may be a cabin. We need shelter, we need a phone, and we need food."

"Please don't let us get murdered." All of the crazy horror movies my brother had forced me to watch ended that way.

"I'll try not to." He squeezed my hand, and I realized just how much I appreciated his sense of humor. The situation was awful no matter how you looked at it, but at least Gage kept me from completely losing it.

The snow was only slightly deeper in the woods, but it felt twice as difficult to walk through given the uneven ground. Every step we took away from the road felt monumental, and if Gage wasn't holding my hand I might have turned back. I didn't particularly enjoy being out in the cold, but walking into the wilderness toward a cabin or house, that may or may not be friendly, was something altogether different.

"Did you hear something?" Gage asked about twenty minutes later.

I strained to hear. "No, but I'll try to listen more closely. I was too busy thinking about how my parents are probably flipping out right now." My father was probably on the phone with the Dean and the Boston Police Department. When I'd forgotten to answer a call one night he'd contacted campus police. And that wasn't during a massive blizzard.

"I'd guess they are. They're going to kill me."

"If they kill you it means we survived, so that's a good thing."

He brushed his shoulder against mine. "Wow, you made another joke."

"Believe it or not I do know how."

"If you say so."

The sound of crunching snow had my heart racing a mile a minute.

Gage's hand tightened around mine. "Shh, stay quiet for a second."

I nodded, trying to stay calm.

After a moment I leaned in close to whisper. "Do you think it's a person?"

"Maybe, but it could be an animal."

My thoughts went immediately to the giant wolf prints. I looked up at the sky. The sun was already on its way down. It would be dark soon.

We stood there motionless, neither of us sure what to do next. The crunching had stopped right when we did. Someone was watching us.

"Let's head back to the road."

"Yeah, I think that's a good idea." We turned back around toward the road. I glanced over my shoulder as we continued our walk, but all I saw was endless mounds of white snow.

Chapter Eight

Gage

Once again I'd made a bad decision. Following the smoke had seemed like a good option, but as we hightailed it back toward the road, I knew it wasn't. Someone, or something, was watching us. I was positive of it. I tried to stay calm for Mary Anne's sake, but I had no plan B. We were hours from the truck, and although the next town had to have been closer than that, we'd never make it by night fall. For the first time since we careened off the road I was scared. We were in trouble, and for once in my life I had no idea how to get myself out of it.

The road was nearly in sight when I heard the crunching snow again. I spun around, pulling Mary Anne behind me.

"Well, well, well. What do we have here?" A man dressed in jeans and a dark green fleece glared at us. He had a thick coat of stubble on his face, and his eyes were slightly red like he hadn't been sleeping.

I looked him right in the eye. If this guy wasn't friendly, I didn't want him to think we were easy prey. "Hi, I'm sorry if we're trespassing on your land or something. We were just looking for a phone."

"A phone?" He eyed me skeptically, as he tried to peek around me at Mary Anne.

I continued to block her. "Yes. We're trying to get someone to pull out our truck." I didn't want to tell this guy we were stranded, but whether he meant us harm or not, we were going to freeze to death if we didn't find shelter soon.

"Where's your truck?" He gazed at the tree line. "No truck has come through here since the storm picked up."

"It's a few hours walk from here. Do you happen to know how far the nearest town is?"

"Do you talk?" He stepped closer, and I knew he was trying to get a glimpse of Mary Anne.

She had her hood on, but it didn't hide her face or size. There was no question she was a girl.

She said nothing, and I had a feeling she was too frightened to talk.

The man stepped closer. "Well, do you?"

"Yes," she said in a surprisingly confident voice.

"Are you all right?" His posture changed from angry to concerned. Leave it to a female to melt a guy that easily.

"Cold and hungry, but fine. We'd really appreciate it if we could use your phone."

"I don't have a phone."

"Oh." She looked at me to get my read. "Do you know where we could find one?"

"You need to come with me."

"Excuse me?" No one was telling us what to do. I didn't trust this mountain man.

"The girl is freezing. She needs shelter."

The crunching of more snow announced the arrival of someone else. I tightened my hold on Mary Anne.

"I see you found the intruders," A male voice asked from behind us.

"We're not intruders. We're stranded." Mary Anne replied before I could say anything.

"Hello there." The man, who couldn't have been over twenty-five or so, smiled revealing two rows of white teeth. He wore a short sleeve red t-shirt. He had to have been freezing. Like the first man, he was also in need of a shave. I probably was too.

"Hi." Mary Anne leaned into my side. I wished I could do something. The situation was going from bad to worse. This guy was looking at her like he hadn't seen a girl in years. Maybe he hadn't.

"So we're going to be going. I'm sorry we were on your land." I tugged on Mary Anne's arm.

"Going?" The second guy asked. "Where would you be going? You already admitted you're stranded."

"We'll figure something out."

He shrugged. "If you'd like to stay out here, that's fine."

"Okay, good." I turned. Anything seemed better than being with these guys.

"Wait. I said you could. I never said anything about the girl." His eyes zeroed in on her.

"She's with me." There was no way I was letting these guys touch her.

"I'm afraid I can't with a good conscious leave a girl out here in the cold. If you want to freeze to death, that's your choice. She'll be coming with us."

Mary Anne looked at me through petrified eyes.

I pulled her closer. "She doesn't go anywhere without me."

"It's your choice. She'll be well taken care of."

She shuddered.

I'd gone from annoyed to angry, but I didn't want to make things worse. I couldn't take on both guys, and they were right. We'd freeze to death outside. It would all be okay if we remained together. "She stays with me."

"Let's get moving then. She needs to get out of the cold." The second man reached for her arm, but I pulled her further into my side.

Both men laughed. "A little protective are you?"

"No one touches her." I was careful to avoid using her name. There was no reason to give them more information.

"Are you two a couple?" The first man asked.

"Yes," I answered automatically.

She smiled. Despite everything, it felt good to say that, and I could tell it made her happy.

"Lucky man," the one in the t-shirt mumbled.

"I know." I tried to relax. Maybe I'd misread their early stance. Maybe they were just concerned about a young woman out in the snow. If these guys were the country bumpkin type they probably had very traditional notions about women. If we just played along with them we'd be fine. They'd want to get her home to her parents.

"Would you like me to carry you?" The second man asked her. "You must be exhausted."

"No, I can walk." She sounded distant. I'm sure the hunger, cold, and fear were wearing on her.

"You look like you might fall over."

"If anyone carries her, it's going to be me." I needed to make sure they both understood how things were going to work.

The guy in the fleece shook his head. "You don't look so good yourself."

They were probably right. I was exhausted, but that didn't mean I was going to let some strange brute pick her up.

She touched my arm reassuringly. "I'm fine. You've been walking just as long as I have."

"Yeah, but he has better boots on. Why are you wearing those things?" He pointed at her pink winter boots.

"They look cute and are warm when they're dry."

"So why would you wear them in the snow?" He pressed.

"I wasn't planning on walking around in them outside." Her teeth chattered. "We were supposed to be going for a four hour drive."

"I see. Well I'm glad we found you. Who knows what would have happened to you otherwise?" The men exchanged a strange look.

"We appreciate the help." Mary Anne clasped her hands together in front of her. "We can compensate you for any expense."

Damn. Was she trying to make us even more of a target?

The men exchanged another glance. "We don't need your money."

I changed the subject. "How much further is your-? Well, you actually never told us where we were going."

"Our homestead isn't far." The first man looked off into the distance.

Homestead? That was an interesting choice of words.

We continued making our way through the deep snow. I kept my arm tightly wrapped around Mary Anne. Thankfully the men had stopped staring at her.

The wind picked up, blowing snow all around us. I wasn't sure how much more we were going to be able to take, when we emerged from the woods into a clearing, and a large cabin came into view.

The second man looked over his shoulder at her. If I wasn't imagining things he licked his lips. I tightened my hold yet again. Mary Anne looked hopeful. I hoped we were walking into safety and not a trap.

We walked further into the clearing that housed several small homes and one large cabin. The men headed to the large cabin, the one with smoke coming from the chimney.

The door opened before we reached the step.

"You found them then?" A tall man with a faint scar running down the side of his face stood in the door way. He looked to be around the age of the others-mid-twenties or so.

"Yeah, it's just some kids. Their truck got stuck a few miles south."

"Kids?" The man with the scar looked around me. He noticed Mary Anne and his expression softened. "Come in, you must be freezing."

He reached out for her hand, completely ignoring me.

I was so busy watching the man's interaction with Mary Anne that I wasn't prepared when the first two guys started frisking me. "What the hell?"

"We have to make sure you don't have weapons."

I nearly said 'you don't think she has any?' but I stopped myself in time. The last thing I wanted was for anyone to touch Mary Anne that way.

They led us inside before closing and locking the door behind us. We walked into what had to have been a hunting lodge of some sort. The walls were completely paneled in wood, and the sparse furnishings were definitely for functionality and not aesthetics.

"Are you all right?" The man pushed off Mary Anne's hood, and she didn't try to stop him. I wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing.

She nodded. "We'd really appreciate it if we could borrow a phone. We need to call our families and have someone come and get us."

"Unfortunately we don't have a phone here, but you are more than welcome to stay until the roads clear enough that we can get you to the nearest town."

"How long will that be?"

"We're supposed to get another eight inches tonight, so it may be a while."

"More?" I shook my head. "How can we possibly get more snow?"

"Are you from around here at all?"

Mary Anne nodded. "Well kind of."

"Kind of?" He gave her a funny look.

"We're from a tiny town a few hours from here in New York."

"What town?"

She glanced at me. I shrugged. I didn't know how she could avoid sharing the name. "Mayville."

"Oh, yeah. I've heard of it. Then you should know that sometimes we get blizzards like this. We were due for another one."

"They were predicting record snowfall this winter, but this is crazy."

"The good news is you're safe now. We have plenty of clothes, food, and places for you to sleep."

She looked at me, and I nodded. What other choice did we have? "We appreciate you letting us stay. We will stay out of your way and leave as soon as the roads open back up."

"There's no rush." He put a hand on Mary Anne's arm but smirked at me. "You can stay as long as you need."

"Thank you. I'm Mary Anne by the way, and this is Gage."

"Nice to meet you both. I'm Hunter. These men are Chet and Falcon."

Hunter? Seriously? The mountain man living in the middle of nowhere was named Hunter?

"Nice to meet you too." Mary Anne looked down at the puddle of water at her feet. The snow coating our boots and pants was starting to melt.

"Let's get you both some dry clothes."

"Chet, Gage looks about your size, and I'm sure Marni has something Mary Anne can borrow."

"Sure. Come with me." Chet gestured to the door. "I'll find you something."

"We're going back outside?"

"Just for a second. Think you can handle it, man?" Chet ribbed.

"Sure, but I don't want Mary Anne going back out there."

"She doesn't have to. We'll stop by and get Marni on our way."

Mary Anne shook her head. "I can go with you."

I breathed a sigh of relief. Mary Anne understood that we had to stay together.

"There's no reason for that." Hunter put a hand on her shoulder. He really needed to stop touching her. "You still look so cold. Why don't you just wait right over there by the fire?"

"Really, I don't mind."

"I absolutely insist." He moved his hand down on her back. "Your friend will be right back."

Friend? That wasn't going to fly. Maybe this was the kind of guy who only responded to overt territorial behavior. "I'm more than her friend, so I'd appreciate if you didn't have your hands all over my girlfriend."

"Girlfriend?" He took in a breath. "I'm sorry. I didn't get the sense that you two were more than friends."

"Well, we are."

"Is that so?" He glowered at me. "I assure you I'll take perfectly good care of her while you fetch the new clothes. She's in good hands."

"It's okay, you can go." Mary Anne touched my arm gently. "You'll be right back." Her eyes pleaded with me. She was nervous, but she also didn't want to start a fight.

"Okay, babe. I'll be back in a minute."

She smiled. "Okay."

I glanced over my shoulder before reluctantly walking out the door.

Chapter Nine

Mary Anne

"A little protective, isn't he?" Hunter asked as soon as the door closed behind Gage. He walked toward the fireplace, and I followed, craving the warmth of the fire.

I tried to swallow down my nerves. I didn't want to admit to myself how much safer I felt with Gage by my side. "He's just looking out for me."

"Looking out for you?" Hunter crossed his arms, accentuating his biceps. Every inch of Hunter was muscle. I thought Gage was big, but this guy was behemoth. "That sounds more like an older brother than a boyfriend."

"He's definitely not my brother." I thought about all of the things we'd done in the sleeping bag.

"Is he your first?" Hunter rested his chin in his hand. He had such strong features that almost seemed out of place with his thick coat of stubble and dark, almost long hair.

"Excuse me?" I glanced toward the door. I hoped Gage got back quickly.

"Is he your first boyfriend? I find girls tend to sentimentalize the first man they're with and get unnecessarily attached."

"He isn't my first, not that it's any of your business."

"I'm not trying to offend you." He touched my arm. The guy kept finding reasons to put his hands on me. It wasn't necessarily inappropriate, but it set me on edge. "I'm merely asking questions to pass the time."

"Sure." I looked into the roaring fire in the fireplace. I couldn't deny how good the warmth felt on my cold body.

"Why don't you take off your coat?" Hunter's voice came from right behind me and his hands moved to my coat zipper. "You'll warm up faster without it."

"Oh, that's okay." I shivered. Where was Gage?

"I'm only trying to help." He started to slowly unzip my jacket.

"I can do that myself."

"Oh, my mistake. I thought your hands might be too cold."

Really? He was going with that excuse? "They're fine."

"Do you let your friend help you with things? Or are you one of those girls who likes to do it all herself?"

"I can take care of myself, but if you're asking about Gage, he's more than a friend. I already told you that."

"Actually you didn't tell me. He did." Hunter let go of my coat. "But boyfriend, friend, it's the same thing."

"How are they the same thing?" I slipped out of my coat before Hunter could do it for me.

"Neither are permanent. Neither means he has a claim on you." His eyes bore into mine.

"I don't intend to ever have a man claim me."

"You say that now." He smiled. "I have a feeling you'll change your mind later. Besides, what makes you think that being claimed or not would be your choice?"

"Yeah... I try to stay away from people who force me into things." I crossed my arms. Come on, Gage. Hunter was turning out to be scarier than I thought.

He seemed to sense my unease and back peddled. "Oh. I didn't mean it that way. I just mean we can't choose who we fall for."

Hadn't I just said that to Genevieve the other day? "That's true."

The front door opened and Gage returned dressed in dark corduroy pants and a heavy thermal shirt. He was accompanied by Chet and a girl who couldn't have been too much older than me. She held out her hand. "Hi, you must be Mary Anne."

"Hi. Marni, is it?" I relaxed immediately and accepted her handshake. There's something comforting about having another woman around.

"Yes. I brought over some clothes for you." She held a pile of clothes in her hand.

"Why don't you show Mary Anne to her room so she can change?" Hunter gave her a look I couldn't read.

Marni returned the look. "I assume you mean the upstairs back bedroom?"

"Of course. That is the nicest room in the house."

"No need to give me a room. I can sleep on the couch or the floor." I wasn't putting these people out any more than we had to. The attention Hunter was paying to me was already making me nervous, and I refused to make things anymore awkward or feel like I owed him more.

"Nonsense. You're our guest."

"Okay, we can take a bedroom, but it doesn't need to be the nicest one." I just wanted to avoid an argument. Despite Marni's friendliness, something was off about these people. We just needed to survive the night and get home.

"We?" Hunter turned his head slightly.

"Yeah. Gage and me."

Hunter shook his head. "Gage will be staying with Chet."

"What?" Gage said hurriedly. "Do you have a problem with me sleeping in the same room as my girlfriend?" Despite the situation, I got a thrill hearing him call me his girlfriend so nonchalantly. I knew he was only doing it to protect me, but maybe he did want more than sex.

"I'm afraid I do. She's your girlfriend, not your wife. I owe it to her father to keep you in line."

"To my father?" My jaw dropped. "Are you crazy?"

"I think I am being very accommodating to you both. I've opened up my home, and I will be happy to provide anything you need. That being said I retain the right to determine where you sleep."

"Why do you care?" Gage stepped toward him. "You don't want us alone in a bedroom for some religious or moral reason, sure, I can accept that, but what's going to happen if we sleep out here on the floor or the couch?"

He crossed his arms again. "If you are more comfortable staying under the same roof, you are welcome to stay on our couch. However, Mary Anne will be in a bedroom. Do you really want her under the eye of other men during the night? I wouldn't want my girlfriend to be."

"It's fine. And Gage, you don't have to sleep on the floor." I tried to diffuse the mounting tension between the two. Hunter was getting heated and that didn't bode well. I had the feeling he'd prefer to kick Gage out in the snow anyway. I couldn't let that happen.

"All right, why don't we save ourselves from this testosterone-fueled, idiot argument and get you changed?" Marni linked her arm with mine. "Those jeans can't feel good."

"Not at all." My wet jeans felt heavy as they clung to my skin. "I appreciate the clothes."

"Of course." She led me through the main living space and up a narrow set of stairs. At the top was an equally as narrow hallway with doors lining each side.

Marni pushed open the door to a large bedroom with a queen sized bed in the middle. A dark quilt was draped over the bed neatly. One dresser stood across from the bed, and a small bed stand stood next to it, but otherwise the room was empty.

"There's a bathroom right through there." Marni pointed to a door.

"Nice guestroom." Considering we were in the middle of nowhere and these people had no phone, I wasn't expecting a suite.

"Hunter likes you." She leaned against a bed post. "He's going to make sure you're comfortable."

"Oh." I took the pile of clothes and walked into the bathroom. What could I say to that? I didn't quite understand the relationship all these people had. I assumed she wasn't dating Hunter, but maybe I was wrong.

"The underwear is brand new, I promise."

"Ok." The thought of wearing anyone else's underwear wasn't a pleasant one. Knowing it was new helped.

"I always buy a million pairs whenever I get to a mall to shop. I'm a little bit addicted to Victoria's Secret."

I held up the black silky underwear and smiled. I wasn't a big shopper, but I had plenty of friends who felt more at home in a mall than anywhere else. "Great." I decided to take her at her word about their newness.

"I think there's shampoo and stuff in there, but I brought over an extra razor in case you needed it."

With everything going on she worried about me getting to shave? I wasn't sure if that was more strange or thoughtful. I went with thoughtful. A girl with an addiction to nice underwear probably put a high price on smooth legs. "Thanks."

"I'll wait here in case you need anything."

"Ok, thanks." I walked into the bathroom and closed the door. I searched for a lock but didn't see one. At least it was Marni on the other side of the door.

I quickly undressed and turned on the shower. The warm spray felt invigorating. I tried to wash off the stress and the cold, but not Gage. I never wanted to wash off Gage. I played it off earlier, but I was going to miss sleeping beside him. After two nights I didn't want to sleep alone, especially not in this strange place. I decided to shave quickly, just to feel a sense of normalcy. After all the walking and two nights in the truck, I wanted to get as cleaned up as possible.

A few minutes later I turned off the water and wrapped up in a plush towel. Marni's yoga pants were a little bit long on me, but I cuffed them and they worked fine. The tank top fit perfectly though, as did the powder blue sweater that went over it. I left my hair down after toweling it off. It would dry wavy since I didn't have a brush. The warm wool socks were the best part. The heavy material provided a satisfying barrier from the cold wood floors.

I walked out of the bathroom. "Thanks for the clothes and everything."

"No problem. I'm glad you guys came by."

Came by? She made it sound like a social call. "We were lucky to find your friends. Otherwise we'd be frozen to death by now."

"You'll like it here. Hunter's a good guy even if he's rough around the edges." Once again she talked Hunter up. I still couldn't read whether they were involved or he was her boss, but there was something that made their relationship more significant than friends or neighbors. Plus, she'd listened to him like he was giving her orders. The other possibility was that he was a brother or cousin.

"I'm guessing this is his house?"

"Yes. The rest of us live in the cottages."

There went his argument about other men walking by me in the middle of the night. "Are you all family?"

"Sort of. Not all by blood though." She smiled. "Otherwise the things I do with Chet would be pretty disgusting."

"You and Chet? You're a couple?" I tried to hide my surprise. I didn't see that coming.

"Yes, although not officially." She bit her lip like she was debating what to say. "There's kind of an unwritten rule that Hunter has to find someone first."

"He's single?" By his behavior with me earlier, it didn't surprise me.

"Yes, but he seems to really like you." She raised an eyebrow.

"I'm with Gage."

"With him?" She placed something next to one of the pillows.

I glanced to see what it was.

She noticed my gaze. "Pajamas. But I mean are you serious or just having fun?"

"Why?" Was she into him? Didn't she just say she was with Chet? "I'm not sure yet." I had no idea what was going to happen, but I knew there was no pretending that nothing had changed between us.

"He's cute, but I'd choose Hunter." She pressed her lips together and her eyes twinkled.

"Yeah... I'm never going to see Hunter again after we leave."

"Why not?"

Was she crazy? "Because we're going home."

"I see." Her smile was gone, replaced by a complacent look I didn't quite understand.

"Are you ready to go downstairs?"

"Sure." I picked up my wet clothes.

"I'll take those." Marni pulled them from my hands and walked out of the room.

Hunter met us at the bottom of the stairs. "How was your shower?"

"Oh. It was nice, thanks."

His eyes slowly raked over me. "You look beautiful. Blue is a great color on you."

"Thank you." I searched around for Gage. His appraisal made me uneasy.

"Would you like some dinner?"

"Maybe, but where's Gage?" I tried to look around Hunter's large frame.

"He's already in the kitchen."

"Okay, thanks."

Gage paced in the hallway outside the kitchen.

"Hey."

He looked over and smiled. "There you are."

"I took a shower."

"I can tell." He picked up a strand of my wet hair.

"Do you want to shower too?"

"Are you trying to tell me I smell bad?" He still held the strand like he was studying it.

"That's a great idea." Hunter moved between us, nearly stepping on Gage in the process. "Chet, after you finish up, take Gage to get a shower in."

"I'll have dinner first." Gage gave him a long look.

"Suit yourself." Hunter returned the look.

"The shower I used was wonderful, can't Gage use it?"

"He might as well use the one where he's staying." Hunter turned to me. "No reason to move around a towel."

"He can just use my towel, I have no problem sharing."

Gage smiled. "Neither do I, and I'm staying here."

"Everyone ready for dinner?" Chet called from the kitchen.

"Yes, I believe we are." Hunter gestured for me to enter first.

I looked at the long wooden table. Most of the seats were filled with men in their twenties. I recognized Falcon from outside, but I hadn't seen the others yet.

Hunter pulled out a chair. "Please, take a seat."

"Thanks." I sat down, startled when he pushed me in.

Hunter sat down next to me. Marni and Chet had already sat down, leaving Gage with the only empty chair-one on the complete opposite end of the table. Somehow I didn't think that was an accident.

Chapter Ten

Gage

Hunter was seriously getting on my nerves. I put up with his attitude when we first arrived, but if he as much as touched Mary Anne again I was going to lose it. My personal feelings aside, the guy was creepy. He presided over the other guys and Marni like a king, but from what I could tell there was nothing special about him. And why didn't anyone have a phone? I understood living in the middle of nowhere. Maybe there was farm land under the piles of snow, but they were off the grid. If they didn't have a phone I doubted they had internet.

"Aren't you going to join us?" Hunter smiled, but there was nothing friendly about the expression. What did he think? That Mary Anne was going to stay behind in his weird compound in the middle of nowhere?

"Yeah, sure." I pulled the chair back and sat down.

"I assume neither of you are vegetarians." Chet passed around a plate piled high with what appeared to be almost uncooked steak.

I put a piece on my plate, and looked around at the rest of the spread, or rather the lack there of.

"Oh, you forgot the salad." Marni pushed back her chair and walked over to the counter. She set down a large bowl in front of Mary Anne. "Unfortunately we're out of dressing."

"Oh, that's okay." Mary Anne shot me a look over the table before putting a bunch of lettuce on her plate.

"Aren't you going to have some steak?" Hunter asked.

"Oh, I'd take a little piece, but those are all huge."

I forced myself not to laugh. Her attempt at being polite was priceless.

"I'd be happy to cut some up for you." Hunter took a large piece of steak and cut it into pieces like she was a little kid.

"Oh. You didn't have to do that." Mary Anne appeared completely horrified.

"Is that small enough?" He pushed the meat over to her. Was he kidding? How long had he been living in the boonies? What girl would find that even remotely appealing?

"Oh, that's great." She picked up her fork and took a bite. She chewed it while Hunter watched like a weirdo. "Delicious."

I cut into my steak. It made my usual medium rare steak seem overdone. Despite my hunger, I couldn't get too excited about eating something that undercooked.

"Where were you two coming from? You said your truck is south of here so you must have been on your way back to Mayville."

"We were driving back from school."

"Where do you go to school?" For all his concern with Mary Anne eating, Hunter had barely had a bite of the two large slabs of meat on his plate.

"We go to Eastern University in Boston."

"What do you study?"

I put down my fork. "Why does it matter?"

Hunter glared at me. "It matters because I'm curious what Mary Anne studies."

"Engineering. Biomedical engineering."

"Oh, wow. You must be good at math."

I nearly snorted a sip of water I'd taken.

"Yeah, numbers and I get along just fine."

"What about you, Hunter? You into math?" I couldn't resist.

"I get along with numbers too." He smiled at Mary Anne and she smiled back. Was she buying any of this?

"And what do you study, Gage?"

"Psychology."

He nodded.

"What did you think I was going to say, drama or something?"

The whole table laughed including Mary Anne.

I caught Mary Anne's eye every few minutes as we ate. It was a testament to our hunger that we ate at all. I had a feeling that Mary Anne wasn't one to eat nearly raw meat. She did eat her salad, and I found myself eating much more of the greens than usual for me. At least the lettuce couldn't kill me.

"I'm sure you two are tired." Hunter put a hand behind Mary Anne's chair.

She sat up slightly as to not be directly touching his arm. Nice. "Yeah, it's been a crazy day."

"Gage, if you've changed your mind, I'm sure Chet would be happy to show you to the spare room in his house."

"No, I'd prefer to stay here." Was he kidding me? Like I was leaving Mary Anne in a different house with him?

Mary Anne shifted slightly. "If you're really that opposed to my sharing a room with Gage, I don't mind sleeping on the couch and giving him the bedroom."

Hunter shook his head. "Absolutely not. I'm sure Gage wouldn't want that either."

"Or you could sleep on the couch, and I'll sleep on the floor." I tried that avenue again. That way I could still watch out for her. I didn't like the idea of being so far away from her. Her door hopefully had a lock.

"Didn't we already discuss this?" Hunter glared. "It isn't appropriate for her to sleep there."

"Fine. I'm staying under the same roof though."

"That's acceptable." Hunter pushed back his chair. "I'll walk you up and start the fire in your room, Mary Anne."

"Ok. Thanks." She caught my eye. "Hopefully we can get out in the morning."

"Which is why you definitely should get a good night's sleep." Hunter ushered her upstairs, and I was about ready to scream. Suddenly the cold truck didn't seem so bad.

Chapter Eleven

Mary Anne

Thankfully Hunter didn't stay in the guest room long. "Just let me know if you need anything."

"I think I'm all set, but thanks." I forced a smile, hoping it looked genuine enough.

"I'm right across the hall." He hesitated with his hand on the doorknob.

"Great."

He stared at me awkwardly for a moment before closing the door behind him. I let out a small sigh of relief. At least the guy wasn't going to hover.

I took another look at the flimsy black fabric. Did Marni seriously leave that for me to sleep in? It was the kind of thing I'd be embarrassed to wear to bed alone in my own room let alone in some strange house in the middle of nowhere. Plus it was freezing out. Where were the flannel pajamas or nightgown? At least I had the wool socks.

I set the slinky nightie to the side. I'd be sleeping in the yoga pants and tank top. I pulled off my sweater and slipped into bed. I contemplated turning off the light, but in the end I left the bedside lamp on. There were no lights outside, and the fire light wasn't all that bright, so turning the switch would have sent me into darkness. I wasn't ready to handle that yet.

The bed felt empty. Cold. I wanted Gage beside me. Why was I in such a big bed when he was sleeping on the couch? If it weren't for how adamantly against it Hunter was, I'd have told Gage to sneak in and join me. Instead I used an extra pillow to snuggle with. I wasn't selfish enough to put Gage in that position. We were at Hunter's mercy until we could get to a town or at least a phone, so for the time being we had to play by his rules.

I'd just started drifting off to sleep when I heard the door creak open. I held my breath, hoping it was Gage but terrified I was wrong. I kept my head down as I tried to come up with a plan to defend myself.

"I know you're awake." Hunter's voice cut though the silent night

I sat up. "What are you doing in here?"

"I came in to make sure the fire was still going strong. I don't want you getting cold." He pushed the poker around in the fire without turning to look at me.

"I appreciate the concern, but I'd prefer if you didn't walk in here when I'm sleeping."

"Why?" He set aside the poker and turned around. "Does my presence bother you?"

"Yes." I noticed that the door was still partially ajar which set me at ease. If he was going to kill or rape me, wouldn't he have closed it?

"No it doesn't." He strode toward the bed.

"It does, and I'd like to go back to sleep."

"You weren't sleeping." He sat on the edge of the bed.

"How would you know?"

"I heard you tossing and turning and your breathing wasn't a sleeping pattern." He smoothed out the quilt next to him. "Is there anything I can do to help you sleep?"

Let me sleep with Gage. Of course I left that thought to myself. "No, thank you."

"Are you sure? Maybe something warm to drink?"

"I'm fine." I held the blanket tighter against me.

"Do I frighten you?" He scooted closer.

"Yes."

He laughed. "Honest."

"Not you specifically, just having a man this close who I don't know."

"How well do you know Gage?"

"I've known him my whole life." I couldn't even remember the first time we met.

"Knowing who someone is doesn't mean you know him."

"I know him." I tried to pull the blanket even higher, wishing I'd kept my bra on under the tank top.

"Are you sure?"

"Why are you doing this? What's your angle?"

"My angle?" He rested the palm of his hand next to me.

"Yes? Why do you care so much about my relationship with Gage?"

"Because I can see it for what it is."

"And what is it?"

"A boy using you."

"Gage isn't using me."

"He isn't?" Hunter leaned in closer to me. Despite how little he knew of our situation, he was probably right. The sex had been because I was convenient, but what would happen when we got home? Would he still want me? Either way, we were closer now, and he was the only thing I had until we made it back.

"No. At least not any more than I'm using him." Had I said that? Had I thought that? I mean I wasn't a saint in any of this either. I wanted Gage, but did I really even understand those feelings? Was I ready to turn things into something real?

Hunter chuckled. "I see."

"But I care about him, and he cares about me."

"And caring is enough?"

"Yes." At least for now.

"You deserve more than caring."

"You mean love?" I wasn't sure why I was even talking to Hunter. Maybe it was the late hour or the reality that I was never going to see this man again.

"Love, passion, complete adoration. You're a unique girl. There's something more to you than shows on the surface."

"Are you done analyzing me?"

"Are you done being afraid of me?"

"Yes." If he was going to hurt me he would have done it already, but I was definitely ready to get out of his house.

"Then I'll leave you. Sleep well." He stood and turned off my lamp. "It's not good to sleep with the lights on." He closed the door behind him leaving me in near darkness. Only the firelight provided any illumination.

Hunter made it even harder for me to sleep. I kept thinking about Gage, about what we meant to each other, and I decided I didn't care. I wasn't going to overanalyze things. I also decided I needed him. I waited as long as I could, hoping that Hunter had gone back to bed.

I crept out of my room and down the dark stairs. There was a faint glow of moonlight coming through a window, but otherwise it was pitch black.

I felt my way along the banister. Once downstairs, the firelight was enough to help me make my way over to where Gage was sleeping on the couch. I slipped in under his blankets.

"Mary Anne." He murmured my name as he pulled me close.

"It's me." I snuggled into his side.

"We have to get out of here," Gage whispered. He was more awake than I'd originally thought.

"I know. Something is seriously up with these people."

"I heard some of the guys talking. We're only ten miles from a small town. We can walk that."

"I'd walk a hundred if it meant getting home."

He squeezed my hand. "I'm going to get you home."

"I'm going to get you home too." I closed my eyes, easily falling asleep in his now familiar arms.

***

My eyes flew open. I spread out my arms, surprised to find so much space. This wasn't my dorm bed.

In a blur, everything came back to me. I was in the guest bed at Hunter's house. But why was I back in that room? I was positive I'd fallen asleep on the couch with Gage.

The fire was completely out and the room was cold as I stepped out of bed. How had I gotten back? There was no way Gage would have carried me upstairs, which only left one possibility. Hunter. And that possibility scared me. He'd seemed somewhat normal when we talked, but to physically remove me from Gage's arms without me knowing? We had to get out of there.

I pulled the sweater back on before using the bathroom and hurrying downstairs. My boots were still a little damp, so I carried them instead of putting them on.

I found Gage sitting up on the couch. Before I reached him he nodded to the side, and I figured out he was telling me to turn around.

I reluctantly did just that knowing exactly who was waiting.

"Mary Anne?" Hunter watched me with amusement.

"Yes?" I forced a smile on my face.

"Did you sleep well?"

"Yes, thank you. I slept wonderfully."

"It's a comfortable bed, isn't it?" He watched me carefully.

"Very comfortable, but the warmth was the most important part."

"I'm glad I checked on your fire then. Tonight I'll watch it more closely."

"That won't be necessary. Besides, doesn't it look like it's lightened up out there?" Spending another night in this place wasn't in the cards.

He crossed his arms. "Yes, but there's a solid sheet of ice on top of that snow. We can't get the trucks out."

"I really need to get to a phone to call my parents, so I think we might just walk. We can pay you for the clothes."

"Walk? To town? In this weather?" Hunter's jaw clenched.

"It's not impossible," Gage jumped in. "With the right clothes and equipment it's doable."

"Absolutely not. We can try to start digging out later on this morning, but it's going to be at least another night."

"I don't think you understand." Gage stepped in front of me. "We're leaving today."

"And I don't think you understand." Hunter pushed a finger into Gage's chest. "I'm not letting Mary Anne freeze to death. I will not allow it."

"And you think I would? She'll be fine. I'll take care of her."

"Take care of her? Aren't you the one who got her stranded in the snow in the first place?"

I had to step in. "Stop. It wasn't Gage's fault, and I can take care of myself."

Hunter gave me a look of pity. "As much as I appreciate your strength, you don't understand the danger."

"I know all about frostbite and hypothermia, but we'll be okay."

"It's not just the cold." He stared out the window.

"What's that supposed to mean?" I put a hand on my hip.

"It means you are staying here tonight."

I straightened up to make myself seem taller. "You can't make us."

"I can't?" Hunter's eyes locked on mine. "This is my home."

"And we can leave it." Gage nodded at me. "Let's go, Mary Anne."

"Chet, Falcon, and Marni, will you come in here please?"

Gage grunted. "What do they have to do with anything?"

All three of them walked in. Chet stood just in front of the other two. "What's up, Hunter?"

"Gage and Mary Anne seem interested in leaving."

"Now?" Marni rested her chin on her fist. "Are you guys crazy?"

"It seems we're not being good enough hosts."

"That has nothing to do with it. We appreciate everything you've done, but we need to get a hold of our families and get home." I doubted he was actually offended, but I tried to tread carefully.

"Mary Anne?" Hunter's face softened.

"Yes?"

"I'm going to give you two choices."

"No. You're not giving her any choices." Gage grabbed my arm. "We're leaving."

I turned toward the door, but I was pulled away back into Hunter's chest. Chet and Falcon held Gage's arms. "Leaving isn't one of your options."

"What's going on? Why do you care if we leave?" My heart was racing. Things were getting crazy.

"Are you ready to hear your options?" There was something frightening about the way Hunter's voice remained so flat.

I sighed. "Ok."

"Let go of me," Gage struggled.

"Mary Anne, I'd suggest you tell your friend to shut up. He might not like what happens if he keeps interrupting me."

I looked right at Gage. "Please."

"Okay, let's try this again. You have a couple of options."

"What are they?" I decided to play along. What other choice did we have?

"I'm glad you finally asked," He slipped his hand under the back of my sweater and tank top sending chills through me. "Your first option is that you and Gage both remain here. He agrees to behave, and we don't kick him out. The other option is that you stay, and Gage leaves either willingly or unwillingly."

"I'm not leaving Mary Anne!" Gage yelled.

"Okay, so let's take that option out. Either you both stay or Gage leaves unwillingly."

"That's an easy choice. I want Gage with me."

"Fair enough. Now I believe I misspoke earlier." His lips brushed against my ear, and I could hear Gage's breathing pick up. He was angry. I pleaded with him with my eyes to stay calm, it wasn't going to help.

"What do you mean you misspoke?"

"It isn't just Gage that needs to behave. You need to too."

"And what does behaving involve?" I knew I wasn't going to like his answer.

"You're going to move into my room."

"What the fuck? You think you're going to take advantage of her?" Gage fought against Chet and Falcon, but they only tightened their hold.

"I'm not going to take advantage of her. I will not force anything. I just need to know she's safe and warm. Evidently she got cold last night and went searching for warmth in the wrong place."

"I am perfectly warm sleeping alone."

"Lying to me doesn't count as behaving."

"What happens if I don't behave? If I refuse to sleep in your room?"

"Gage leaves unwillingly, and I can't promise his safety. As I said there are serious dangers out there other than the cold."

"What about a third option?" I thought fast. There had to be a way to makes things tolerable until we could sneak away. "We both stay, and I sleep in my own room. I promise not to leave at night."

"But that still leaves you cold." His hand moved down to my waist. "The snow may have stopped, but the temperature is set to drop tonight. That's another reason that I just can't have you leaving."

I stared at him with my mouth open. This guy was completely insane.

"So what will it be?"

"Why were you so willing to let me stay in the guest room just minutes ago? You told me you'd check on the fire."

"I was going to give you another night to get acclimated, but I've changed my mind. There's no point having to stay up all night watching your door when I can just have you with me."

"Why? Why are you doing this? Do you routinely try to force women to sleep with you?" This whole situation had gone from bad to worse.

"Stop making it sound like I'm going to rape you. I'm just trying to protect you."

Protect me? Yeah, right. But instead of snapping back with what I wanted to say, I took a deep breath. If I lost my cool, so would Gage, and then we'd be in more trouble. "Fine. I'll take that option."

"Lovely. And I thought I was going to have to demonstrate exactly how we'd make Gage leave."

I shivered. There wasn't a chance I was going to bed with that man. He was crazy, and I didn't trust him. Maybe he was serious about not forcing me into anything, but what about Gage? What if they did something to him?

Gage nodded slightly, letting me know he understood what I was doing. In a short period of time we'd learned each other's gestures so well that they served as a non-verbal form of communication that was really coming in handy. It was mid-morning, and we had until bedtime to get out of the crazy house. The problem was that even after we left the house, we'd still have to get to the next town ten miles away.

Hunter didn't give us a second alone the rest of the day. He sent Gage out to shovel and insisted I stay inside. When I tried to argue that I was capable of helping he suggested I find a book to read. I'd have assumed he was sexist, but Marni was out with the rest of them working away. To be honest she seemed like one of the strongest ones of the group.

When Gage was inside Hunter made sure others were around too. At both lunch and dinner we ended up on opposite sides of the table, but we both stayed quiet. If we wanted any chance of escape we had to make it seem like we were going along with Hunter's crazy ideas.

After another insufferable dinner, this time it was burgers-also nearly uncooked, I helped with the dishes before we all moved into the living room.

As expected, Hunter sat down next to me on the couch before Gage could. Gage looked like he was about to blow, but he took a deep breath and sat down in an armchair across from me.

Marni sat down cross-legged on the floor in front of me. "We should play a game."

"A game?" I wasn't sure I was interested in playing any game these people came up with. Marni had been nothing but nice to us, but she was still willingly with the rest of these lunatics. Unless she wasn't. A horrible thought hit me. Had she started out just like me? Was she a normal girl who unwittingly ended up stuck in the wrong place? Then I noticed her giving Chet these lovey-dove eyes. She at least genuinely liked him.

"Sure, we have a bunch of board games here." Marni sounded unnaturally chipper again.

"Board games?" Gage asked. "Like Monopoly or something?"

Marni nodded. "Sure we have Monopoly, but you have to let Chet be the car. He complains like a baby if he ends up with the thimble or something."

Chet shook his head. "Ignore her. I never do that."

"Yes, you do." Semi, one of the quieter of the bunch, added.

It was getting late. As much as I didn't want to get into bed with Hunter, I couldn't leave until he was sleeping. Might as well get it over with. "I think I'm going to turn in, but feel free to play without me."

"I'm ready as well." Hunter sat up straight. Evidently he was in a rush to get to bed too.

"Seeing that I'll be sleeping right here, I'll stay up, but I am pretty tired." Gage stretched.

We needed everyone in bed before we could leave.

"Oh. Maybe tomorrow night then." Marni stood up in one swift motion. I wish I looked that graceful when I got up after sitting on the floor.

Hunter stood up. "I'll let the rest of you show yourself out."

I took my cue and stood as well. "Goodnight."

"Goodnight, Mary Anne." Gage drew out my name. Neither of us wanted me to have to get into Hunter's bed, but what other choice did we have? I had to take him at his word that he wouldn't try anything. I'd scream like bloody murder if he did, and I knew Gage would come for me.

Chapter Twelve

Mary Anne

I followed Hunter up the stairs slowly. As anxious as I was to leave, I was dreading this part of the plan. Still, we had to be strategic about our escape. Our escape-how had the situation gotten so crazy that we were willingly running out into below freezing temperatures?

Hunter's room was laid out similarly to the guestroom. A large fireplace took up most of the wall across from his huge bed, and the entrance to what I assumed was the bathroom was only steps away.

"When did you start the fire?' I hadn't noticed him slip away.

"While you were helping with the dishes. I wanted to make sure our room was warm enough for you tonight."

Our room? Was he serious? "Great... uh would it be okay if I took an extra blanket and slept on the floor?"

"Are you that averse to sleeping beside me?"

"I don't know you. Of course I am."

"Then I'll sleep on the floor."

"Why are you doing this?" The plan was to play along, but I couldn't hold the questions back any longer. "If you're going to sleep on the floor then why make me stay in here?"

"I'm trying to keep you safe." He pulled off his navy shirt, and I looked away.

"I'd be safe in the guest room."

"Mary Anne?" He said my name so softly that I had to turn to look at him. I wished I hadn't. His broad chest was on display for me, and I noticed that he had a faint scar over his chest that matched the one on his face. How had he gotten the marks?

"I know you're not going to believe me, but I am trying to keep you safe. You and Gage."

"Somehow I doubt you're concerned with Gage's safety."

"Not the way I am about yours, but I'll give the guy some credit. He's more determined to protect you than I would have expected."

"Will you let us leave tomorrow?" He seemed saner at the moment, and although I still planned to leave that night, it seemed worth trying to talk some sense into him.

"Sending you out right now would be signing your death certificate, or worse."

"What's worse than death?" I shivered. Just the thought of it messed with me. I was so ready to be home.

"You don't want to know." He pulled back the quilt and sheets.

"I really don't mind sleeping on the floor."

"But I mind you doing that." He stared at me with an intensity that frightened me. "I will always provide you with a warm, comfortable place to sleep. I'd prefer if it was at my side, but if you don't trust me yet, I can wait."

"How could you expect me to trust you?"

"Why wouldn't you? If I was going to hurt you wouldn't I have done it already? Wouldn't I have gotten rid of Gage and had my way with you already?"

"Maybe you have your reasons."

He stepped toward me, backing me up to the bed until my only choice was to sit down on it. "I'm attracted to you, Mary Anne. My body aches to join with yours, but that doesn't mean I'll listen to that desire. I can control myself, and I'd never force myself on a woman. I have patience." He leaned over me, his hands making imprints on the bed on either side of me. "But what I can't control is my need to protect you. That need isn't one that can be pushed away or denied. I cannot, and will not, allow something to happen to you."

"You don't even know me. Is this just because I'm a girl?"

"I would protect anyone worthy, but I'd go farther for you. You're exactly what I've spent years waiting for."

Now he was getting creepy again. "I take it you don't get out much?"

He chuckled and moved to standing. "No, I don't, but don't think my lack of a social life has anything to do with how attracted I am to you."

"Listen, Hunter."

He sat down beside me. "That's the first time you've said my name."

"Oh. I guess so. I just think we need to set some things straight."

"I already know what you're going to say."

"You do?"

He nodded. "You were about to tell me that I'm an attractive man, but you're not interested. You have a boyfriend, and you just want to get home."

"How'd you know?" Either he was perceptive or he could read my mind. I really hoped it was the former.

"It's written all over your face." He stood up and put a hand underneath me, shifting me so that I was underneath the covers. "But that attraction will grow given some time."

"I'm leaving tomorrow, Hunter."

He kissed my forehead. "If it's safe." He pulled an extra blanket over me. "I wish you'd let me warm you up, but if I can't at least you have enough blankets." If the guy wasn't crazy, he might be considered sweet.

He lay down on the wood floor right in front of the door. "You can turn off the bedside lamp when you're ready."

What? He was going to sleep on the floor? With no blankets? And in front of the door? That was the worst part. There was no way I was going to be able to get out without waking him up. I shut off the lamp so I could give myself the privacy of darkness to plan. "Goodnight."

"Goodnight, Mary Anne."

I lay there in the darkness thinking about Gage and my family. I watched the flickering of the fire and imagined all the stupid holiday traditions I'd never take for granted again. I thought about going home, and I made a risky decision. "Hunter?"

"Yes?" He called from the floor.

"I changed my mind."

"About?"

"It's cold."

"Do you want more blankets?" He stood up, his bare chest illuminated in the firelight.

"No. I uh, I want you closer."

"You want me to lie next to you?" There was such hope in his voice. Despite how creepy he was, I felt bad playing with him this way, but I had no choice.

"Yes, but I'm not interested in doing anything."

He walked over and pulled back the blankets on the other side of the bed. "I already assured you I wouldn't try anything."

"Please remember that."

"But I can't keep you warm from this side of the bed." He rolled over onto his side and looked at me. "Would it bother you if I came closer?"

"Not too close."

"You'd enjoy sleeping in my arms, Mary Anne." He shifted closer. "You'd be warm and secure. You'd feel and hear my heartbeat, reminding you that you're not alone. Never alone."

His words were seductive, like they were being woven into a lullaby. My eyes blinked. I was suddenly so tired.

"There's nothing to worry about when you're with me, Mary Anne. You're safe." He shifted closer.

"I can't. Gage." I was so tired, I could barely get the words out.

"He's not really your boyfriend." He said it as a statement.

"Yes, he is."

"Shh. Mary Anne. I know. I can tell. You gave yourself to him, and now you don't know what happens. I already told you he's using you, and you admitted you were doing the same."

"I didn't admit-" Why was it so hard to talk? All I wanted to do was go to sleep.

"Yes, you did. I kind of have that effect on people. I help them realize what their subconscious is trying to tell them."

"What's my subconscious telling me now?"

"You're scared. You're scared about how you're going to get home. You're scared of what will happen with Gage, but even more than that you're scared of how I make you feel. You don't understand how you could have feelings for me when you finally have the man you've wanted for years."

"No. I wasn't thinking that." But I was thinking all the other things. How did he know so much about what I was thinking? I couldn't be that easy to read.

"Your subconscious was." He touched my forehead. "And the answer is you don't really have him. It's temporary. It wouldn't be temporary with me. You'd always be protected and warm." He ran a hand down my arm. "You'd also be cherished. Your body worshiped and adored. Your every need and desire fulfilled because I know them better than you know them yourself."

"Stop."

"Stop what? Letting you know there are options?"

"I need to sleep."

"Then sleep. We can talk more about this tomorrow night."

"I won't be here tomorrow night."

"Yes, you will," he whispered, his lips right by my ear.

I rolled over, not trusting the effect he had on me, and I stared at the wall. I needed to get out of there. Fast.

***

I woke up with a start, remembering exactly where I was and who was lying next to me. Hunter's arm was draped over me as I lay on my side. I tried to shrug it off, but it didn't budge. So much for an easy exit.

I tried again carefully, and he stirred. "I told you not to leave. I begged you not to," he said in barely a whisper.

I held my breath.

"You should have stayed." His voice sounded weaker this time. Was he sleeping?

"Stay," he murmured against my hair.

He was definitely sleeping. Was he talking about me? Did his fear of my safety really transcend into his dreams?

I couldn't think about it long. I pushed up against his arm for the third time, and this time I was able to slide out from under it. He mumbled again before rolling over. Phew.

I waited a few moments to make sure he was really sleeping before slipping out of bed. As silently as possible I pulled on my sweater and pants-I had my jeans back. I'd left both my coat and boots downstairs.

Halfway down the stairs I collided with a body. My chest clenched.

"It's just me."

I relaxed once I heard Gage's voice. "Thank goodness."

We hurried down the stairs. Gage handed me my coat. I zipped it up before pulling on my boots. "Are we ready?"

"Yes. Let's do this."

The ground was still covered by at least a foot of snow, and Hunter was right about the layer of ice. At least it was easier to walk over since my boots didn't sink in as much.

The first tentative steps onto the frozen ground were slow, but then we picked up the pace, determined to get off Hunter's property before he realized I was missing. The wind picked up the farther into the open we moved, and the effect had snow blowing all around us.

We were getting close to the road. We had to be. Reaching the road would only be the beginning of a full day journey, but it was easier to delude myself into thinking it was the goal.

Gage's hand remained wrapped around mine. Even through our gloves, the contact provided comfort. Despite the doubts Hunter tried to put in my head, I knew there was more between us than sex. Gage's feelings for me were more than that, and so were mine. It was crazy how much had changed between us in just a few days. I guess extreme circumstances can do that to people.

A single howl made me stop short. "The wolves!"

"Let's hope they are farther away than they sound." Gage tightened his hold on my hand and pulled me forward.

Three more howls filled the night. "They sound closer."

We picked up the pace, and I chanced a glance behind me. That was a mistake. Several large grey wolves came into view. "Run!"

Gage didn't need to be told twice. He broke into a run without letting go of my hand.

I ran as fast as possible over the frozen snow, but we didn't get far before the wolves started circling around us. "Oh my god." Could things get any worse?

"You have to make a run for it." Gage's voice quivered. "They're going to kill us."

"I'm not leaving you." I tried to stay strong, and I kept my eyes locked on the wolves. There were five of them. All of them were massive, much larger than any wolf I'd seen before, but one of them was even bigger and had a large silver streak running down its back. That wolf seemed to be staring right at me.

"I'll distract them. You run. I'll catch up."

I spotted an opening next to one of the smaller of the wolves and went for it. I didn't make it far before one of the wolves stepped in front of me. I froze, paralyzed with fear before my legs were knocked out from under me. Suddenly, I was lying in the snow with a giant wolf hovering over me.

"We're fucked." Gage voiced exactly what I was thinking.

The silver streaked wolf stared down at me. It's almost glowing eyes bored into mine. Was I really going to die as half-frozen food for a giant wild animal?

Then things got hazy and the air seemed to buzz. Moments later it wasn't a wolf on top of me-it was a man. A completely naked man with a faint scar across his face.

"What the heck?" I tried to scurry back, but Hunter didn't move. His very exposed parts nearly touched me. I didn't want to notice his size, but I did. He was huge. He also didn't look remotely concerned with the cold.

His lips brushed against my ear. "Were you going somewhere?" His voice came out scratchy, and his eyes didn't leave my face.

"Yeah. We're getting the hell out of this place." Gage sounded confident. I was impressed. I could barely breathe. Then again maybe he didn't have a giant naked man nearly on top of him.

"I wasn't talking to you. I was talking to her."

I tried to turn to look at Gage, but Hunter captured my chin and made me look back up at him.

"To me?" My voice didn't sound like my own. It was shaky and low.

"Yes. I thought we had a deal, Mary Anne?"

I tried to stay calm. Maybe I'd imagined the wolf part. But then why was he buck naked? "We were just going for a walk. I was having trouble sleeping." I had to try.

"I'm sure that's what you were doing." Hunter shook his head. "If I were you I wouldn't try this again. I don't take well to losing something of mine." In one swift motion he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder.

I fought against him. "Put me down!"

"Put her the fuck down, asshole!" Now back on his feet, Gage yelled.

I looked in time to watch him fall flat onto the snow. Someone must have punched him. As I glanced around I realized that Hunter wasn't the only one naked.

"What do you want with us?" I pounded against Hunter's bare back.

"It's you I want, but now Gage has seen too much. I'm guessing you'd rather we kept him around?"

"Don't hurt him." The tears started as Hunter carried me back to the house. "Please bring him inside. I promise I'll do whatever you say."

"Be careful the kind of promises you make." Hunter's voice was hoarse. "You're lucky I don't plan to hold you to it."

"You said it's me you want. What do you want with me?" My gut told me it was more than the obvious-sex. He could have had that already.

He patted my ass. "You're about to find out."

Chapter Thirteen

Gage

We were dead. When the car careened off the road we had died. There was no other explanation for the naked wolf-men. I remained sprawled in the snow where they left me. Based on the sex with Mary Anne, I'd have thought we were in heaven, but considering the wolves we had to be in Hell. Maybe the car sex was more like a test. A purgatory of some sort. Something irresistible had been dangled in front of me, something I wasn't supposed to have, and I hadn't resisted. I hadn't resisted at all.

"Are you listening?" A female yelled.

"No." If this was Hell she probably knew what I was thinking.

I was thanked for my honesty by a slap across my face. Marni. Of course she was the only one of them who hadn't been standing buck naked in front of us. Just my luck. Not that I was looking forward to seeing anyone but Mary Anne naked, but I was already in Hell, might as well make the most of it.

"I'd suggest you listen." She nodded toward where Hunter had Mary Anne slung over his back. I assumed the other wolves had returned to the house already because I didn't see them anywhere. I got up with a start. Dead or not, I wasn't leaving her with him.

I jogged back through the snow to the house. I kept expecting someone to grab for me, but no one did. I guess they were confident I wouldn't get far. I was fast, but I couldn't outrun a wolf. I also wouldn't leave Mary Anne behind. That was probably what they were banking on.

Inside Hunter had put on a pair of pants and had Mary Anne pressed tightly against his chest. She looked anything but comfortable. At least he was standing near the fire. If she had to be near the monster, she might as well be warm.

I'd taken two steps toward her when my arms were grabbed from behind. I guess the trust exercise was over. "What the hell are you people?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Chet smirked. He was enjoying the situation entirely too much.

"Werewolves?" Mary Anne's voice wavered. "You're werewolves?"

"We don't use that name." Hunter adjusted his hand around her waist. I wanted to smack his arms away. This monster was touching her.

Mary Anne shifted uncomfortably. "But I wasn't imagining things. You were wolves."

"Yes," Hunter whispered in her ear, but his voice remained loud enough for me to hear. "What do you think about that?"

She sighed. "I think I've lost my mind."

"I think we're dead, but I can't imagine how Mary Anne ended up in Hell. She's too sweet for that." I watched her wistfully.

"You're not dead," Hunter snapped. "I assure you, you are completely alive."

"But you're wolf-men." Mary Anne's face was completely drained of color. She was going into shock.

Hunter tightened his hold. "You can call us Weres for now."

"For now?" she asked shakily.

"I'm not going into more details until I know I can trust you."

I laughed dryly. "If we're not dead, and you're actually Weres," I accentuated the word to show I was trying to play along. "What do you want with us?"

"Mary Anne already asked that question."

"And your answer?" she asked, her voice slightly stronger.

"We're keeping you safe."

This time it was Mary Anne who laughed. "Keeping me safe? I've been kidnapped by a bunch of wolves, and you're telling me it's for my safety?"

"You have no idea what's out there."

"What's out there?" I chortled. "You're going to pretend there is something worse than you guys?"

"If we wanted to hurt you, we would have." Hunter's eyes set on mine.

"No, you just want to keep us against our will and keep my girlfriend in your bed." I felt my anger about to blow. "I wouldn't exactly call that friendly."

"This is friendly. You don't want to see what we get like when we're not friendly." Falcon scowled.

"Please, just let us leave." Mary Anne started shaking. I needed to get to her. I struggled against Semi.

"It's okay." Hunter turned her in his arms. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you."

"Cut the crap." I wasn't just going to stand there and listen to him talk to her like he was a freaking hero. "She knows exactly what you are. She doesn't want a wolf."

"And she wants you then?" He watched me over her head.

"Yes." Mary Anne answered.

He ignored her. "You think she wants a man who's using her?"

"Oh, and you're going to treat her like a fucking princess then? You want to live out a 'Beauty and the Beast' fantasy? Is that it? Well, she might be a beauty, but she's not yours."

"None of this is real." Mary Anne spoke softly. "There are no men who can turn into wolves. Maybe you're right, Gage. We're dead. Or maybe I'm in a coma, or I'm doped up on pain meds. The accident was worse than we thought."

"I still refuse to believe you'd be in Hell, but we could have imagined the wolf thing."

"Imagined it?" Hunter turned to Mary Anne. "Chet, show them."

Chet took off his pants.

"Oh no. Please, I've seen enough." I looked away from his junk, but I didn't need to worry for long. A second later the air buzzed, and he'd transformed into a giant grey wolf.

Mary Anne whimpered.

Hunter moved one hand to her shoulder. "You'll need to get used to us in our animal form."

"She needs a drink." Marni stood up from where she sat on the arm of the couch. "Maybe we all do."

"A drink?" I asked incredulously. "You want us to accept a drink from you?"

"You've been eating our food for a few days already." Chet had transformed again. Thankfully he'd put his pants back on before talking.

"I need to lie down." Mary Anne blinked a few times.

I fought against Semi. I needed to get to her.

"You can lie down." Hunter took her in his arms and laid her down on the couch. "A drink might help your nerves though. Is there something in particular you like?"

Mary Anne shook her head. "I'm not twenty-one."

The entire room laughed. I smiled. I couldn't help it. At a time like this, Mary Anne was worried about being underage.

Annoyingly enough Hunter smiled too. "That's all right. No IDs necessary."

Mary Anne wasn't laughing, or smiling. "I want Gage."

Hunter looked like he'd been wounded. "I don't think that's such a good idea."

"Why not?" I spat out. "You keep saying you want to protect her. Why not give her what she wants too?"

"Because what someone wants may not be what they need." What, was he a philosopher now too?

"I need him." Her voice pleaded.

"No." Hunter shook his head. "It's better that you two get used to being separated."

"And tell me, Hunter. Why do we need to get used to that?"

"Because you're not going to be together."

"Is that a fact?" I challenged. "And let me guess, she's going to be with you now? Because she needs you even if she doesn't want you?"

"She wants me."

"No, she doesn't." He scowled.

"She does. She just isn't ready to admit it yet."

"What if I'm not okay with that?" I fought against Semi again. "Are you going to throw me out?"

"Throw you out?" He sneered. "You know what we are. We can't do that. We either keep you or kill you."

"And how are you going to decide which to do?" I wasn't going to act all submissive. That would just make things worse.

"It all depends on her." He ran a hand through Mary Anne's hair.

"I want him here. I need him here." Mary Anne wrapped her arms around herself. I wished it were my arms around her.

"I'll keep him around for you. Consider it a gift."

"I just want to go home." Tears streamed down her face, and I fought against my captor again even though I knew the effort was pointless.

"Let's all have a drink and talk things out." Marni headed to the kitchen. "Scotch ok for you guys?"

"Scotch? You guys drink scotch?" When I thought of scotch I thought of rich preppy people, not wolves.

"Is there something surprising about that?" She asked with a completely straight face. I couldn't get a read on the girl. And was she a wolf too? Or was she another innocent victim who'd been brainwashed to stay with them? Then a scary thought hit me. That would be Mary Anne. Mary Anne would be the brainwashed one who did anything Hunter said.

I shuddered.

Marni patted my shoulder. "Yeah, you need a drink."

I nodded, not sure what else to do. Dead or alive, in a coma or drugged up, our situation sucked. If there was any chance this was real I had to fight for Mary Anne. I owed it to her to get her home. Maybe this was another test. If I could save Mary Anne, I'd redeem myself. Either way, I'd do it. In the time we'd spent together I'd already realized something. I cared for her. I would protect her with my life if I had too, and I had a sinking feeling that might be exactly what was required.

Chapter Fourteen

Mary Anne

Drinking scotch with wolves. That sounded more like a movie or book title than an actual vignette from my life, but somehow I was sitting on a worn couch with a glass of brown liquid in my hand.

"You are not used to drinking straight liquor, are you?" Hunter sat down on the couch next to me. He left so little space that his thigh touched mine. I gulped down more scotch. I probably shouldn't have been drinking, but I was too freaked out to care.

"Not exactly. I don't even usually drink beer." I'd moved on from a state of shock to mild acceptance. I was probably hallucinating or unconscious, so I decided to go along just enough to make things easier.

Hunter rested an arm behind me on the couch. "What do you prefer to drink? I can get anything you want."

"Ok. Stop." I tried to scoot away from him. "Assuming I'm awake and alive, and you guys are actually wolves, why would you be concerned with getting me what I like to drink?"

He leaned in close enough that I could feel his warm breath on my face. "Because I plan to fulfill your every desire."

New possibility. Was I was about to have my first non-Gage sex dream?

"That won't be necessary. Her desires are well taken care of," Gage cut in. So sex dream or not, Gage was still there.

"Oh, so you are an expert on Mary Anne then?" Hunter turned to him. "On what she likes?"

"Yes," he answered confidently. Despite everything, Gage still had that.

Hunter's stare didn't waver. "What does she drink?"

"Uh, girly stuff."

"Is that true, Mary Anne?" Hunter turned his body so I was effectively pinned against the arm of the couch.

"Sometimes." Wine was my favorite, but I kept that part to myself.

"Tell the truth, Mary Anne." How did Hunter know what I was really thinking?

"I like girly drinks, but I also like wine."

"We've got some wine in the cellar." Marni took a sip of her drink "Want me to get some?"

"No. That's okay." I definitely didn't need more alcohol in my system.

"Are you ready to go back to bed then?" Hunter set aside his empty glass on the coffee table. Wolves with a coffee table. For some reason that seemed funny. I started to laugh. I mean really laugh. I nearly fell off the couch. After all the craziness, I'd lost it completely.

"Are you okay?" Hunter placed his hands on my arm. "Are you ill?"

"No." I tried to stop laughing long enough to talk. "I'm just. I'm just so. I don't know."

"You need sleep." His hand moved around me as if to pick me up.

"She's not going anywhere with you. You think she's just going to let you carry her off?" Gage wasn't laughing.

"What choice does she have?" Hunter's hands tightened around me. "Do either of you have any choices?"

His words sunk in. We had no choices. No control. Still, I had to try. "Please, can I sleep alone?"

"No." He shook his head. "But I promise to respect your decisions on anything else."

Gage laughed dryly again. "Yes, the gentleman werewolf."

Chet punched him.

"Ugh," Gage grunted.

Chet stood over him. "We said not to call us that."

I shrugged Hunter's hands off me and walked over to where Gage sat on the floor. At least he'd sat up. "Considering what we have been through, I think you can cut him a break."

Hunter put a hand on my shoulder. "Come to bed, Mary Anne. Chet and Falcon will take care of him."

"Take care of him? You mean hurt him? No. I'm not just going to walk upstairs with you." I'd done that before, and it hadn't gotten me far.

"What do you suggest? I give him the guestroom?" Hunter stood, pulling me to standing with him.

"Why not?"

"I can't trust him."

"In other words you don't want him near me."

Before Hunter could answer, Marni jumped in. "I can watch him. I don't mind."

Her quick offer bothered me. She claimed to be with Chet, but was she into Gage? I didn't like the idea of her spending the night in the same room with him.

Chet growled. "I will too." Evidently he didn't like the thought either.

"It's not much of a guestroom if he's sharing it with two people...I mean Were's or wolves." Then a thought occurred to me. "Are you a wolf, Marni?"

She grinned. "Yes. Did you doubt it?"

"I didn't know. You're the only girl here."

"Not the only one anymore." She grinned even bigger. "Finally a break from all the testosterone."

"We're not staying." Gage and I said at the same time.

Hunter returned to the earlier line of conversation, ignoring our declaration. "He's not staying in the guestroom; he stays with Chet."

"Then I'm not sleeping with you." I crossed my arms. Maybe pretending I had power would actually give me some. I knew it wasn't likely, but Hunter kept saying he wanted to give me what I wanted.

"Yes, you are."

"No."

"I've already explained to you that he's expendable." Hunter leaned in close. "Completely expendable if he gets in my way."

I shivered. "Then let him go. He won't tell." I didn't want Gage to leave, but he'd be safe and then Hunter wouldn't hold Gage over my head. Gage would tell. I had to believe he would. His feelings for me aside, he wouldn't leave me to rot in this crazy house.

Hunter laughed. "Like that's happening. We are going back to bed." Despite my protests, he picked me up again and slung me over his shoulders. Seriously?

"Put her the fuck down!" Gage's cry rallied me to punch and kick Hunter's back with all my might.

"I'd tell your friend to follow orders. Sometimes my men don't know their own strength." Hunter's voice had an edge to it that wasn't there a moment before. He was losing his patience. Mine had been lost hours before.

"Stop this! Stop this! I still don't know what the hell is going on, but I don't like it."

"What don't you get?" Hunter asked without putting me down.

"Please, put me down." I couldn't concentrate with the blood rushing to my head. I was already dizzy, and he was making it much worse.

Surprisingly he listened.

Back on my feet, I tried to stall him. Anything to put off leaving Gage. "So we're alive? This isn't a dream?"

"It's real, but if it was a dream I'd be saying the same thing, wouldn't I?" Was Hunter trying to mess with me?"

"Yes..."

"Next question."

"And you are really wolves?" I glanced around Hunter at Gage. I wanted him. I needed him.

Chet sighed. "I am not shifting again to prove it."

"Please don't." Gage was probably hoping to avoid seeing him naked again.

"And we are not allowed to leave?"

"I thought you were a smart girl." Falcon sneered. I'd noticed him checking me out earlier. I preferred the sneer to the ogling.

"I am... sort of, but that has nothing to do with believing the impossible." It was the rational part of me that struggled to accept it. There had to be another explanation.

I yawned. Exhaustion and alcohol had caught up with me. I was ready to fall over.

Hunter steadied me before I could actually fall. "We are not going to settle anything tonight and you need rest. You sleep in my bed. Gage can take the guestroom. Everyone else will sleep in shifts."

"Where will you sleep?" I asked with hesitation. I couldn't handle getting into bed with him again. Even if I believed he'd stay on his side, I still wasn't keen on lying down underneath the same sheets with a guy who wasn't human. Honestly, human or not, I didn't want to lie down with anyone but Gage.

He watched me like he was trying to figure out what I was thinking. There was no way he could read minds. If he had been able to he would have predicted our attempted escape. He must have just been really perceptive and good at reading facial expressions. "I will sleep on the floor like I offered last night. Based on what you did earlier it's safer for all of us that way."

I nodded. What other choice did I have? As he'd emphasized earlier, there was nothing we could do. We were completely at his mercy, and that terrified me. But that didn't mean I was giving up. "Do you promise Gage will be safe?" I knew his word might not mean anything, but I had to try.

"You have my word that he will not be harmed tonight." Hunter gazed into my eyes. "My word is law. It will not be broken."

I looked at Gage. "At least you will be nearby." I watched for his reaction. I needed him to go along with things until we could figure out an escape. It looked like we were back to where we started the night. The difference was we now knew we were dealing with wolves.

Chapter Fifteen

Gage

I tossed and turned the rest of the night. As promised, Hunter gave me the guest room, but knowing that Mary Anne was in his bed across the hall made it impossible to sleep. The fact that there was a wolf-man standing at the door watching me made it difficult too. I'd never felt weaker or more helpless in my whole life. After the second time Chet changed I stopped trying to delude myself into thinking I was dreaming-or dead. Either of those possibilities would have made things simpler, and nothing was ever simple.

"If you're not going to sleep, why are we even wasting our time?" Falcon asked from his spot in the doorway. I glanced at my watch. It was just after four in the morning.

"I don't know? Why are you wasting your time messing with us?"

"We're not wasting our time." It wasn't Falcon who answered. Hunter strode into my room. I was surprised he'd left his watch of Mary Anne. "We're not wasting our time at all."

"Is that so?" I was so exhausted it was hard to speak coherently. Too bad sleep wasn't an option.

"Let's go for a ride."

"A ride? Suddenly you can get the truck out?" I had no doubt that Hunter had been messing with us the whole time, but I was surprised he was admitting it so soon.

He shook his head. "We'll take the snowmobile."

The snowmobile. Right. Because that's how werewolves would travel across their property. Somehow I knew this wasn't going to be a social ride, nor could I say no. "Are we waking up Mary Anne?"

"No. She needs her sleep." He glanced into the hall as if he could see her. The guy was obsessed.

"How do I know she'll be safe?" I glanced in the same direction as him. "Why should I go anywhere with you?"

"Because you're not stupid, and you want to stay near her. If you want that then you're going to listen. I'm not going to kill you. That would just upset her, and I don't want to upset Mary Anne. "

"Because you're so afraid of upsetting her?" I arched an eyebrow. "What, are you trying to woo her?"

"My plans are none of your business. "

"I don't have a choice, do I?" He'd just told me as much, but I was stalling. Leaving the house, and Mary Anne, wasn't high on my to-do list.

"No. No, you don't."

I stood up. "Where are we going?"

"You'll see." He walked back into the hallway. I pulled on my boots and followed him out. I hesitated in front of Hunter's door.

"Keep moving." Falcon followed behind me. I was tired of being watched.

"I'm coming." I dragged myself away from her door. I would only cause more problems if I delayed the inevitable.

The night was cold and silent. Our boots crunched loudly in the snow. Hunter easily opened a large barn and walked into the dark space. I followed, wondering how much crazier things could possibly get.

"Get on." Hunter barked as he took a seat on the snowmobile. I sat down behind him, my stomach twisting at the thought of leaving Mary Anne alone in that house. At least Hunter wasn't there. He seemed to be in charge, and I hoped that meant that the other wolves wouldn't touch her in his absence. I had to believe that.

Hunter started the engine and pulled out into the forest. I wondered if the noise was loud enough to wake up Mary Anne. I hoped not. I didn't want her to know I was gone. I didn't want her to doubt I'd leave her behind. I'd seen the hesitation in her eyes earlier that night. I never wanted to see that again. I wasn't ditching her. We were in this mess together.

The wind stung as we flew across the white terrain. I hadn't been on a snowmobile in years, and this occasion felt nothing like the joyrides I'd done in my youth. "Where the hell are we going?" I called over the noise of the engine.

"I want to make sure we're seeing eye to eye on everything now."

"Eye to eye? Yeah, because that's happening." I didn't bother yelling, I didn't particularly want him to hear.

"Yes, I don't think you quite understand the gravity of the situation you're in." His eyes remained fixed in front of him.

He'd heard me? What kind of hearing did he have?

He shut off the engine and got out. "Recognize anything yet?"

I got out and followed his gaze. He was looking at the charred remains of some sort of truck. "Wait. Is that my truck?" Bile started moving up my throat. My Bessy.

"Yes. It's a shame that no one survived the accident."

"What the fuck?" I shoved into Hunter's chest. "You destroyed my truck? You want people to think we're dead?"

He appeared unmoved by the shove. "Why not? They're never going to see you again anyway." His voice was flat. Emotionless. I felt anything but. Burning my truck was a statement. He wanted me to know we had no hope.

"You are seriously fucked up."

"Fucked up?" He pulled me toward him by my jacket. I moved to shrug him off, but I found I couldn't. This guy was strong. "You haven't seen fucked up. Keep disobeying me, or getting in my way with Mary Anne, and you'll see fucked up."

I pushed my luck. "What's your end game? You think you're going to turn her into your little slave or something? Preying on an innocent girl?"

"I'll treat her better than you've been treating her. You're using her." He glared. "Don't bother denying it. I can read it plain as day. You figured she'd come in handy to tide you over until your next distraction. But she's more than that. She's special."

"I'm not using her." Just hearing him speak those words made me angry. Maybe I'd gone about things wrong, but I was going to fix everything once we got home. "But why do you care? Why do you want her so much? Is it just because of what she looks like? You don't even know her."

"I know her just as well as you."

I laughed dryly. "I've known her for almost my whole life." The wind picked up, blowing a coat of snow over the remains of Bessy. I was going to miss that truck. I couldn't even begin to conceive of how to explain things to Mary Anne. Our families weren't going to look for us. They were going to think we were dead. That brought up the question of bodies. Would they find any? I couldn't even go down that line of thinking yet. The number one priority was protecting Mary Anne and getting her the hell away from these wolves.

"She's special, and she will be mine. Not my slave, my mate. My equal in all things that matter."

"Your equal? You're a leader of a pack of wolves. No human is going to be your equal."

"You need to stop drawing conclusions without evidence. You know nothing about us."

"And you know nothing about us." I emphasized the word, letting him know that Mary Anne and I were a package deal.

"I know plenty." There was something about the look in his eyes that made me wonder what he was really saying.

"How'd you know this was my truck?"

"How many trucks are out here right now?"

"But it's miles from your house. Did you just search for it?" My suspicion grew. Did he have anything to do with the accident? I remembered the dark blur that made me hit the brakes and sent us careening off the road.

"I do my research." He released my jacket. "If I were you I'd stop asking questions and get on."

I jumped onto my seat just as he pulled away. In another lifetime I would have run to the road and saved myself. But this wasn't another lifetime, and Mary Anne needed me. Running away wasn't, and would never be, an option unless she was with me.

The ride back seemed faster. I kept thinking about the burnt out truck and the reality that no one would come searching. If we wanted to be rescued, we were going to have to do it ourselves. As much as I wanted to do it immediately, we needed to play along. Our only chance was making the wolves believe we'd given up. Aggressors tend to ignore those who roll over and play dead. The thought of doing that went against every fiber of my being, and I knew I couldn't take it to an extreme, but I didn't have any other ideas. Desperate times call for desperate measures.

Hunter parked the snowmobile in the barn, and I silently followed him back to the house. I did everything possible to keep my face unreadable in case Mary Anne was downstairs. She'd be searching for answers, and I didn't have any to give yet.

She was up and waiting a few feet from the front door. Mary Anne's face flashed with relief when we walked into the house. Her eyes locked on mine, sending me a silent message that would probably have been "thank god," had it been in words.

I tried to tell her "Of course" with mine, but for all I knew it came across as "I want you."

Her long red hair was wet, bringing thoughts of what the rest of her looked like fresh from the shower. How was I thinking about that? Maybe because it was a far better alternative to thinking about what Hunter had just shown me. And because it was something I couldn't have. I couldn't have it because of a stupid wolf in the woods that may have caused our accident.

"Where were you?" She asked both Hunter and me, but I knew she hadn't really cared where he was. She wanted to get as far away from him as possible. I had no doubt about that.

"I was just showing Gage a few things." Hunter's voice dropped back into his softer octave. The way he talked to her versus me was like night and day.

"Things you couldn't show me?" Her voice was laced with a mix of suspicion and insult. Only Mary Anne would have been insulted at a time like that. She was probably calling him sexist inside her head.

"Things you don't need to worry about." He strode over to where she sat on the couch, but he didn't sit down. He just towered over her. "There are other things I'll need to show you."

My stomach churned at the innuendo I was positive were in his words. It also strengthened my determination to keep him from spending time alone with her. There was no way he was getting an opportunity to demonstrate anything of that sort.

"Gage." Hunter turned to me. "Chet will take you back to his house so you can shower. You will start working this afternoon."

"Working?" Somehow that topic hadn't come up on our snowmobile expedition.

"Yes, working. Everyone has to pull their own weight here."

"Will I be working too?" Mary Anne crossed her legs and sat up.

"Yes." Hunter smiled at her. "I'm sure we can find plenty of jobs for you."

I shook my head vehemently. "I can do all the work for both of us." Whatever jobs he had in mind for her, she didn't need to do them.

"You will be doing different jobs." Hunter smiled, and I wanted to punch him. I knew he was just messing with me, trying to make me angry, and it worked. Only I couldn't let him know just how far under my skin he was getting.

"Let's go." Chet held open the front door.

I thought about arguing, but Hunter's glare kept my mouth shut. What would happen to Mary Anne if I was gone? I also knew that "gone" likely equaled dead. Everyone was already going to think I was.

"All right. I'll be back as soon as possible." I hoped Mary Anne understood what I was doing. Playing along didn't mean I was giving up on getting us out. I needed her to play along too, but she couldn't give up. Giving up for her would mean turning herself over to Hunter's will. I'd die before I let that happen. That animal wasn't laying a hand on her.

Hunter dismissed Chet and Falcon. "I'll meet you out there once Marni gets here."

I felt relief wash over me. Hunter wouldn't be alone in the house with her. I didn't like any of the wolves, but Marni seemed like the most harmless. I also realized my radar could have been completely wrong. Maybe she was just as bad. Still, I preferred her to the others. At least Marni didn't seem interested in getting in her pants.

Chapter Sixteen

Mary Anne

Marni was the only sane one of the bunch, and I'm using "sane" loosely. She was supposedly helping me find work to do around the house, but really she was babysitting me. I'm not sure how she got stuck with that job, but my guess is it had to do with her gender. Hunter didn't seem to like leaving me alone with any of the other guys, and I also sensed he was trying to put me at ease. He was waiting for me to let my guard down so he could slip in. The thought sent shivers through me. Hunter wasn't going to be an easy man to keep at bay. Wolf or not, he was all muscle and brute strength. He was also determined. He seemed like the type of guy who always got what he wanted. I wondered how he'd handle things if he didn't. Probably not well.

"We could bake something." Marni hopped up onto the old laminate kitchen counter top. "Hunter loves chocolate chip cookies."

"Bake? I'm a girl, so I'm into baking?" Say gender stereotypes much? Besides, how was I going to bake with everything else going on?

"Would you rather be outside in the cold?" Marni nodded toward the small dusty window. "Does that really appeal to you?"

I looked out at the snowy terrain. "Not really, but it's not fair that Gage is stuck out there." I gathered that the cold didn't bother the wolves much, but it would bother Gage. He'd been out there for over an hour already.

"Then let's make cookies. I always keep chocolate chips here." She swung her legs. There was something so childlike about Marni. In another place and time I might have enjoyed her company.

"Do you have a kitchen in your house?" I'd yet to be allowed outside of Hunter's home, so I wasn't sure of the layout of the other places. I still didn't quite understand how the homestead, or whatever it was Hunter called it, worked. The only thing I did know was that Hunter was clearly in charge, and no one seemed interested in challenging him. There was a hierarchy I didn't quite understand, and I knew there were other members of the pack I still hadn't met.

"Yes," She hopped off the counter. "But we always cook and eat communally."

"Why?"

"Why not? Who likes to do things alone? I can't wait until I can move in with Chet. I'm tired of living by myself." She got a far off look on her face.

"I love living alone." At least I loved having a single room in the dorm. I'd have spent most of my nights at the library if I'd ended up with a roommate. And if I had one like Genevieve's, the kind that came with a built in boyfriend, it would have been even worse.

"You like living alone?" She gaped at me like I had two heads. She was the one who'd admitted to being able to turn into a wolf.

"Yes." I answered honestly. There didn't seem to be any reason to deny it. What did I care if a wolf thought I was anti-social?

"I guess that means you didn't live with Gage." Her lips twisted up into a smile. I didn't like it. She had Chet. She needed to stop sending signals that she found Gage attractive. On top of everything else I didn't need competition in the form of a peppy and sexy wolf.

"No. I live in a dorm." My tiny dorm room sounded perfect at the moment. Or at least perfect if Gage came with it.

"Lived. You don't live there anymore."

"I will again. You guys can't keep us here forever. People are going to look for us." I pulled the sleeves of my borrowed sweater over my hands. It was big on me, so I wasn't stretching it out.

She shook her head. "No they aren't."

"Yes they will."

She pursed her lips. "If I tell you something, will you promise not to freak out?"

Promise not to freak out? That would be hard to do, but I knew that any information I could get was helpful, so I nodded. "Yes."

"Yes, what? I need to know you're serious."

"I won't freak out." Saying the words was easy, but it only made me more nervous.

"Hunter took Gage to see something today."

"Oh?" My stomach twisted. So this is what he couldn't include me in.

"Hunter wanted Gage to realize how permanent your new living situation is. I think he should have taken you too, but he thought you'd get upset. Hunter is really protective of you."

"What did he show Gage?" I waited with bated breath.

"Your truck."

"What are you talking about? Did they fix it?" I was being delusional again. That seemed to be a running theme for me lately.

"It's not getting fixed." She started pulling things from the cabinets.

"What does that mean? Just spit it out." I was losing patience.

She set aside the flour and sugar. "He destroyed the truck."

"Who did?" I knew exactly who'd done it, but I wanted her to say it. "Why?"

"Hunter. He burned it. And isn't the why obvious?"

"Obvious?" Nothing was obvious anymore. Nothing made sense or added up. It's like logic went out the door the second the truck left the road. That even applied to me. Having sex with Gage like that? There was nothing logical about that decision.

"He wanted people to think you guys died." She took out a carton of eggs.

"What?" My throat tightened, and I held onto the back of a chair for support. "No. No one's going to believe it." The news explained Gage's face. I knew he was hiding something. He'd seen something that scared him, and Gage didn't scare easily. He knew we were trapped.

"They won't? They haven't heard from you since you two left the city. You already told us your phones didn't work. Now the charred remains will be found, what else would they think?"

"Wait. Charred remains? Will they find bodies?" My chest clenched. Had they killed people for the ruse? I knew the wolves were ruthless, but I didn't take them to be cold-blooded murders.

"They'll find bodies, but don't worry they were dead first." She wasn't smiling, but she wasn't upset. She was accepting what was happening to Gage and me way too well. I needed to remember that Marni wasn't any safer than the others. She wanted us there just as much. For some reason she believed that if Hunter had me she could be with Chet. I didn't quite understand it, but I did understand her thinking. A girl will go to desperate lengths to get the guy she wants. I knew that my happiness or security wouldn't get in her way. We had no allies. We were all alone in a messed up situation, and I had no idea where we were going to turn.

After the initial wave of relief that no one was killed passed, the tears started, and I got dizzy. My parents couldn't think I was dead. They just couldn't. It would destroy them. I needed to get away from the wolves before they got the news. I couldn't let either of my parents go through that. I shook my head. "No."

"Yes. I didn't tell you to upset you."

"Then why did you?" I didn't hide the iciness in my voice. I was angry, and I wasn't in the mood to play nice. No one was doing it for me. The baking cookies charade wasn't for my benefit.

"So you'd accept that you're with us to stay. Even if Hunter hadn't wanted you, once you saw what we were you couldn't leave. It's too risky." She pulled out a measuring cup and opened the flour. Evidently she wasn't letting our conversation derail her baking plans.

"Then why show us?"

"Do I have to hit you over the head with it?"

I knew she didn't mean the large bag of flour in her hands.

"I still don't get it."

"It doesn't matter, does it? I mean he wants you; he has you. You might as well get used to it and stop fighting. You're only going to make things harder for yourself and Gage."

"Do you think Hunter's going to hurt him?" Maybe Marni could be helpful. The only good thing about her attraction to Gage was that it was possible she'd want him to stay around, and to stay alive.

"If he gets in the way of what Hunter wants, and what he wants is you-then, yes."

I shivered. "Ok. Let's make those cookies."

She measured out the sugar. "I'm glad you get it."

I decided to play the only cards I had. Our situation looked bleak, but I refused to let it get any worse. At least not for Gage. "Please help me protect him."

"I'll do what I can, but it's mostly going to come down to you."

"I know," I whispered the words.

"Hunter's not that bad," She said almost as quietly.

"Not that bad? I beg to differ." We had to find a way to leave, but until then I had to protect Gage. He was the only thing I had left.

Chapter Seventeen

Gage

Chopping wood wasn't a new experience, but somehow doing it under Hunter's watchful eye made it seem more like a punishment than usual. That says a lot since it was never a favorite on the long list of chores my father gave me in the winters growing up.

Still, there was something reassuring about the familiar, so I gladly picked up the axe and started splitting a pile of wood. I was mildly surprised they were allowing me to hold a sharp object, but they knew, as well as I did, that I wouldn't be able to take out all of them, and I'd never manage to get to Mary Anne fast enough no matter what distraction I created. It was amazing how quickly my priorities had changed. Time and again I was giving up my chance to escape in order to protect her. At another point in my life I may have thought it made me weak, but now it made me feel stronger. There was someone else in the world relying on me, and I wasn't going to let her down.

I threw the axe back again, putting my full energy into splitting up the wood. Despite my annoyance, there was something nice about building up a sweat. I was generally an active person, and sitting around wasn't my thing.

"You can use an axe." Hunter made it sound like he was shocked.

I chopped another large piece of wood and set aside the axe. "Why does that surprise you?"

"You aren't as much of a pretty boy as I had you pegged."

"Pretty boy?" I was ready to pick up the axe again. That was a term that didn't apply to me at all. Compared to most guys at Eastern University, I might as well have been a mountain man. I had the look to go along with the experience working outdoors. Mayville wasn't exactly a glamorous town. I think it's what made me so popular with the girls in Boston. I was different from the usual guys they knew even if I wore the same clothes.

He grinned, "You're easy to piss off."

"And you can make a joke?"

"Sometimes." He picked up his axe, but he kept his eyes on me.

We continued splitting the wood without talking. The forest was quiet except for the sound of the axe breaking through the wood. Even Chet and Falcon stopped arguing as we finished working. These wolves must have saved up all their wood chopping for the season, because it took a full hour to finish.

I tossed my last piece onto the pile and followed Chet into the shed to hang up the axes. I took in the inventory for future reference. Shovels, axes, rakes, a mower, and a pair of handcuffs. Handcuffs? What the heck did they need those for?

"I'd be careful."

I turned to Chet. "Careful of what?"

"Pissing off Hunter. Do what he says and accept the girl's not yours anymore."

"Why the hell do you care?"

He grunted. "I'd rather not have to clean up the mess."

I eyed the tools again.

"Don't get any ideas," Chet added. "You'll be dead before you have it off the hook."

He was probably right, but he didn't need to worry. I wasn't planning on doing anything yet.

Chopping wood wasn't a new experience, but setting traps was. I was ready to go inside to check on Mary Anne, but Hunter told me I had to go with Falcon. My first reaction was that I was stepping into a trap myself. Go off into the woods and leave Hunter to go back into the house with Mary Anne? Besides, Falcon seemed like the loosest cannon of the bunch. I didn't particularly want to be left alone with him.

I tried to come up with any excuse to stay, but Hunter didn't give me the chance. "The sooner you go, the sooner you come back." He had a point, but not one I wanted to admit.

I grudgingly walked with Falcon through the snow. "Aren't you wolves? Why set traps?"

He pushed me ahead of him. "We need a lot of meat. We can't hunt too much on our land, so between hunting trips we supplement with what we catch here. Hunter's big on keeping things on the down low."

"And you aren't?" I mumbled.

"Don't be a smart ass."

I dragged the traps as we moved deeper into the forest.

Eventually he told me to stop, and I watched as he expertly set up the first trap in the brush. It was a snare by the looks of it. I wasn't sure what animals they were hoping to catch, but I didn't want to know. I didn't plan on staying around long enough to have to eat whatever it was.

He moved back to standing and gestured for me to continue up the makeshift trail. I looked back down the way we came before doing what he asked.

"So how is she?" His voice came from closer than I liked. Couldn't a guy get any breathing room? His question only made me angry, so I ignored him.

"Come on, she's got to be good with the way you're acting over her. I'd love to get a taste of those little tits of hers."

Was he kidding? Because Hunter wasn't enough? And to talk about her that way? It wasn't happening. "Shut. The. Fuck. Up."

"Hey now. What's the problem? You've got to be used to guys wanting a taste of her."

I spun around, coming face-to-face with him. "I don't put up with guys trying that."

"Well, Hunter will be getting his fill. He probably has already." He grinned. "And I can't wait to get mine." He licked his lips.

I didn't think, I just swung.

I realized my mistake as soon as my fist hit his face, and he was smiling and my fist hurt like hell. If I hadn't grasped it at that point, I would have seconds later when his fist made contact with my face, and I ended up sprawled on my back in the snow.

Falcon's laughter came from directly above me. "Weak little human. Just give it up. You've lost your piece of ass. Hunter's got her. If I was in charge I'd have had her in front of you the second you walked into the house. That's how to do things. Show the inferiors how powerless they are."

I struggled to move, but my whole body hurt.

"What is it? No snarky comment this time? Just make it easy on yourself."

I sat up. "No one is touching Mary Anne."

He laughed, offering no assistance as I stood up. That was good. I didn't want his help. Falcon was a piece of work. From what I gathered he hadn't been with the pack long, and he seemed the most likely to want to challenge Hunter. I might be able to use him to my advantage later. Despite the massive headache and sore hand, punching Falcon had been worth it. No one was going to talk about Mary Anne that way. I may not have been as strong as the wolves, but they weren't going to keep us down. There wasn't a chance of that.

***

"What happened?" Mary Anne gently touched the bruising around my eye. She'd run right over when I walked in, and I didn't miss the annoyance on Hunter's face. I resisted the urge to grin at him. I wasn't in the mood to add another shiner.

"Just got into an argument. Nothing big."

I now had Hunter's attention. "Not that I care about the kid's face, but what happened, Falcon?"

Falcon shoved his hands into his back pockets. "He hit me first. I was just defending myself."

Hunter shook his head at me. "You really are more stupid than I thought."

Mary Anne watched me worriedly. "Could someone get me some ice?"

I smiled. I couldn't help it. Was she really going to try to ice my black eye?

"If he wants ice he can get some snow from outside." Hunter didn't find her attention quite as cute as I did. I wonder why?

"I'll get it myself." She stepped away.

Hunter moved to block the front door. "No you won't. It's cold out."

"I haven't been outside all day. I think I can handle a few minutes in the cold."

A beeping sound went off in the kitchen. I tensed before I realized it was a timer. Understandably I was a little bit jumpy.

"Cookies are ready." Marni walked into the kitchen. "Come help me pull them out, Mary Anne."

"Cookies? You guys made cookies?"

"Chocolate chip. Hunter's favorite." There was something in the look Marni gave me that came across as a warning. She was trying to keep me away from Mary Anne too. When would these people realize that I wasn't staying away? The more they pushed, the harder I was going to push back. Mary Anne was leaving with me, and there was nothing they could do about it.

Chapter Eighteen

Mary Anne

I couldn't spend another afternoon making cookies or doing whatever ridiculous job Marni came up with for me. I also couldn't stand being so close to Gage without being able to touch him. It wouldn't have changed anything, but I still longed to hold his hand. The storm had passed, but it had left behind a hefty coat of snow on the ground, and the blistering cold wasn't going anywhere.

Hunter continued to insist I spend my nights in his bed, and he continued to sleep on the floor. Gage only got that one night in the guest room. After that he was forced to stay at Chet's. Evidently he'd taken a swing at Falcon, but he was the one who'd been knocked down. Long after his black eye started to fade he was still under close scrutiny by the wolves. For my part I was glad he'd punched him. Falcon just kept getting creepier with me. Hunter was annoying, but at least he kept the innuendo and looks to a minimum.

The highlight of my average day was my shower. As pathetic as it sounds, it was the one time that I could pamper myself, when I could pretend that things were normal. The first few times I worried about someone walking in on me, but Hunter kept the other wolves out of his room, and he was good at giving me privacy.

I closed my eyes, savoring the feel of the hot water running down my back. For such a rustic place, Hunter hadn't skimped on the hot water heater. I wanted to stay under the spray all day, but I knew I couldn't, so I reluctantly turned the water off.

I heard the squeak of the door. "Hunter?" It wasn't like him to walk in on me, but maybe he was tired of playing the gentleman. He didn't answer.

"Hello?"

With the water off, the cold started to seep in. Maybe I had imagined the noise. I slowly opened the shower door so I could reach for my towel.

The towel was handed to me. "Here you go, hun."

"Falcon?" I grabbed the towel and slammed the door shut. "Get out of here."

"I was just making sure you were all right. You've been in here a long time."

"Where's Hunter?"

"Already done asking for Gage? Poor guy."

"This is Hunter's room." Although I knew he was just playing with me, I hated his insinuation. I had no interest in Hunter, and I never would.

"The Dires do it better, don't they?"

"Dires?"

"So Hunter hasn't told you yet, huh?"

"I don't know what you're talking about, but you need to get out of here."

"Are you sure I can't get a little peek?" Through the steamy glass I saw him moving closer.

"Get out of here before I call for Hunter."

That did the trick. "Anytime you change your mind, just let me know."

I waited until I was sure he was gone before stepping out of the shower and quickly getting dressed. So much for enjoying my showers. I debated telling Hunter about the intrusion, but my gut told me to keep my mouth shut. Hunter would be more loyal to a member of his pack than he was to me.

The days started to blur together. It had been less than a week, but I felt like it might as well have been a month. Gage and I barely saw each other. Hunter kept him so busy around the property, and other than meals, we rarely crossed paths. When we did see each other we kept our conversations to a minimum, but the looks he sent me said everything. He was worried and just as determined as I was to find a way out. I still couldn't believe he'd stuck around. Hunter had said he wouldn't let him leave, but he had so many more chances than I did. He was there for me, and that knowledge both made my heart soar and twisted my gut with guilt. Saying goodnight to Gage each night was always tough. I wanted to sleep in his arms, and without him telling me, I knew he wanted exactly the same thing.

The day after the shower incident I sat in my usual spot on the couch after everyone else had left the house for the night. The hours after dinner were always the hardest. Hunter made everyone else leave, and it was just the two of us sitting around by the fire. He never tried anything with me, but his eyes told me just how much he wanted to. Usually we fell into a quasi-comfortable silence where I daydreamed about getting away. Before the ill-fated road trip I'd always daydreamed about Gage. I couldn't anymore. At least not in the way I had before.

"What are you thinking about?" Hunter broke the silence, setting aside a tattered book.

"Nothing really. What book is that?"

"This?" He picked up the book again. "It's Moby Dick."

"Oh. I've never read it."

He handed the book over. "Then read it."

"Oh, it's okay. You're reading it."

"I've read it more times than I can count already. I want you to read it. I want to know what you think of Ahab."

"Ahab? Isn't that the crazy captain?" I may not have read the book, but I knew enough from pop culture.

"Just read it."

Reading seemed like a good way to pass the time, so I nodded. "I haven't had time to read for fun in months."

"College keeps you busy?"

"Exactly."

"I've considered college, but it was never a real possibility."

"Because of your work here?" I was reaching for straws and trying to tread carefully on thin ice all at once.

He shook his head. "No, we haven't been here long. We just have to be careful."

"Careful of what?"

"Don't worry about it." He looked into the fire.

I needed to know. I had a feeling that my only chance of escape was to develop a better understanding of Hunter. On the surface he made no sense. He was keeping me in his bed without touching me, yet he was interested. Something wasn't adding up. "Please tell me."

"Why? You still haven't told me anything about yourself."

"Yes I have. You know I'm in college and from Mayville."

"You only told me those things to be polite. You've never told me anything personal. You've never shared your secrets."

"You haven't given me a reason to."

He looked as though he'd been slapped. "Haven't I treated you well?"

"Well? You're keeping me here against my will. You made it look like I was dead. My parents think that I'm dead." Saying the words hadn't become easier.

"Who told you that?" He asked suspiciously. "You haven't been alone with Gage."

"It doesn't matter. I know."

"It's easier this way. Why should they spend months searching for someone they'll never find?"

I shivered. "Why won't you let me go? There have to be girls who would willingly be with you." It was harsh, but true.

"You think that's it? You think that's why you can't leave?"

"What other reason is there? It's not like people would believe us if we said you were wolves. You wouldn't have to move."

"We're not the only ones who know you're here."

"What does that mean? You've talked about the danger of the outside before. What aren't you telling me?"

"Tell me something." He sat down next to me on the couch. "Tell me something you've never told anyone."

"And if I do?"

"I'll tell you everything you want to know."

"Everything?"

His lips twisted up into a devastatingly handsome smile. I'd never considered Hunter handsome before, more tough, but this particular smile softened him somehow. "Most."

"I'm not smart. I mean I'm above average, but everyone thinks I'm a genius. The truth is, I study like crazy and stay up all night just to stay on top of my work."

"And that's a secret no one knows?" He rested his hand next to mine.

"No one."

"Not even Gage?"

"Definitely not Gage."

He smiled again. "You're smart. I understand what you're saying though, and there's nothing wrong with that."

"Your turn. Tell me. Why can't I leave?"

"Are you comfortable?"

I nodded. "Yes. Please keep your word."

"I was planning too, but this might take a while."

"Oh." I pulled my legs up under me. "I'm comfortable."

"Wolves aren't the only paranormal creatures out there."

"Meaning what? There are others?"

"Tons. Lots of different shifters, witches, and even vampires are real."

"Vampires?"

"I wouldn't worry about them. They're pretty much the lowest of the low."

"Oh." I nodded, not sure what I believed but desperate to hear more.

"Witches though you need to be careful with. They're powerful."

"They're stronger than you?"

"Physically? No. But they can mess with your mind. Especially a human's mind. They can make you do almost anything and everything. Some witches can also control you physically."

"Are there witches around?"

"Yes. A powerful and misguided Coven lives on the land surrounding ours. They have helped to cloak us, but I never should have entered into any agreement with them. These aren't the good kind of witches, Mary Anne."

"An agreement?"

"They cloak us, and we turn a blind eye to what they do."

"What do they do? What do you ignore?"

"I don't want to frighten you."

"Frighten me? I'm being held captive by wolves, how much scarier can these witches be?"

He looked torn for a moment, like he didn't know if he should continue. "They use slaves. Human slaves."

"What?" I moved away from him. "You let that happen?"

"We're in hiding, Mary Anne." He spoke so softly I could barely hear him.

"In hiding?" That explained a lot. I knew there was something strange about the set up.

"We're not ordinary wolves. We're Dire Wolves and that makes us especially dangerous to the powers that be."

"The powers that be?" There was that word again. Dire.

He nodded. "The Society. The King. But none of that matters. I'll keep you safe."

"What makes a Dire Wolf different?"

"We're bigger and much stronger. Like I said, we're more dangerous to the King."

"None of this explains why I can't leave. I promise not to tell."

He sighed. "The witches know you're here. They're angry... and you'd never get far."

"What? How do they know that?"

"Do you remember how your accident came to be?"

"Something jumped in front of the car. Gage hit the brakes, and we spun out."

"It wasn't an accident."

"Who jumped in front?"

Hunter turned away.

"Who jumped in front?"

"Chet."

"What?"

"We were only trying to protect the humans around here. They started taking innocent people. Chet figured that any guy who'd drive these roads in a winter storm deserved the witches' plans for him."

My stomach turned. "Gage didn't deserve to be a slave."

"No, but who does? We had to choose someone. Chet didn't realize Gage wasn't alone. That's why he didn't take him. When we went to check it out we saw you."

"So it was all in the plans? Why not just take us to them? Why let us walk?"

"Because I saw your face."

"My face?"

"And your hair." He picked up a few strands.

"You look just like her, Mary Anne. And you're so beautiful." He gently caressed my cheek. "And once I met you, I learned more. You're so full of life, so good, so deserving of love and protection. I couldn't let you fall into the hands of such evil. I couldn't let that happen again."

"Who do I look like? Was she a girlfriend? What happened to her?"

"Can't we continue this another night?"

"No. We're going to continue this right now."

"It's late. We should go to bed."

"No. Please," I pleaded.

"We'll talk tomorrow night." He started to put out the fire.

"Why? Why are you stopping?"

"Because I don't want to keep you up all night."

"The story is that long?" I wrapped my arms around myself. I was suddenly freezing.

"No. The story is that frightening."

Chapter Nineteen

Gage

"We're going hunting." Hunter said the words stoically, like he was making an announcement of epic proportions.

"Oh, yeah?" I was learning where to draw the line with the guy. If I pushed it too far he let me know it, but I couldn't just stick to yes or no answers either. When I did that he always got suspicious.

"Yes. There's another storm coming through, and we can't wait any longer."

"I'm guessing I'm being dragged on this little outing?"

"Absolutely not. You'd slow us down. We hunt in our animal form and bring home the meat."

"Oh. So are we staying home alone?" I risked a wink at Mary Anne. "I promise we won't steal the car or stay out past curfew."

"That's a good one." Hunter didn't smile. "Falcon will be staying back."

"What? I don't get to go on the hunt?" Falcon whined like a little kid.

"We all have to contribute to this pack. Your contribution this time is to watch them." Hunter gestured to me but looked at Mary Anne. No surprise there. "We'll bring home plenty of meat."

"Does that mean we get to sleep in the same room?" Mary Anne showed way too much excitement. I silently cursed. Was she trying to keep Hunter around?

"Of course not." He shifted his weight from foot to foot. "You will remain in my room while Gage returns to the guest room. Falcon will watch you both from the hall.

Falcon scowled. "This had better be my only time on babysitting detail."

"You will do what I tell you if you want to remain part of this pack." Hunter wasn't a leader I'd screw with if I were in his pack. He was tough on me, but equally tough on the others. I knew from experience what it was like to be on his bad side, and I wouldn't have wanted to bring that on myself voluntarily.

"Will you be gone long?" Mary Anne thankfully made it sound like she was asking out of curiosity and not because she didn't want him around.

"A few days. If you need anything, Falcon will be able to find us."

"I'm sure we'll be fine." She bit her lip, and I knew she was trying hard not to smile.

"Maybe you can use these few days to reconsider your feelings on sharing a bed with me. Not that I mind the floor."

I still couldn't quite believe that the guy was doing that. Not that I didn't understand the effect Mary Anne could have on a man. I'd been playing our time in the truck together on repeat night after night. It was what was getting me through the hell of living with the wolves.

"Maybe." She glanced down at the floor.

She was learning. At first Mary Anne seemed to be playing along with everything, then she fought him tooth and nail, and now she seemed to have found a balance. She held him at bay physically, but I sensed she tried to keep things personable otherwise. I didn't like her near the guy, but there was nothing I could do. At least there wasn't before. With everyone but Falcon leaving, we might finally have our chance to escape.

"When do you leave?" I tried to sound disinterested, but I was already formulating a plan. I needed to know exactly how much time I had to execute it.

"Tomorrow at dusk. We'll spend tomorrow preparing, so don't think you're going to get out of work."

"I wasn't planning on it."

"Good. Falcon will also be making sure you continue to do your jobs when we're gone. The next few days are not a vacation or a chance to play patty cake with Mary Anne."

"Patty cake? Is that what you think I'm going to do with my-" I stopped myself just in time before I could say girlfriend. I nearly ruined my charade of moving on. "My friend?" I knew he didn't buy a word of it, but he still wanted to hear it.

"I'm sure you had lots of friendly activities planned." He glared at me. "But remember my rules."

"Your rules? I wasn't sure there were any."

"My rules that required you to keep a reasonable distance from her. Whether she's going back to her father's home or not, I can't have you doing anything inappropriate."

"And sleeping in the same room with her isn't inappropriate." I couldn't shut up. Sometimes words just came out of my mouth.

"This is my home, Gage. It would be good to remember that."

"I remember," I mumbled.

"Good. Now get to work."

I didn't need to be dismissed twice. I put on my boots and followed Chet outside. In less than forty-eight hours we'd be out of there. I could hardly wait.

***

Hunter kissed Mary Anne goodbye on the mouth. It was a small kiss, and by Mary Anne's frazzled face she wasn't expecting it, but I knew exactly what the action meant. He was warning me. He was marking his territory and reminding me to stay away. I nodded, pretending to be the good dog he expected me to be while internally cursing him. Who was he to touch her lips? They weren't his. They were mine. The thought took me by surprise. That wasn't a protective thought, it was a possessive thought. The wolves were rubbing off on me.

"Have a safe, uh, trip." Mary Anne awkwardly recovered from the unwanted contact. She just stared at him wide eyed. The expression told me everything I needed to know. He hadn't kissed her before. I'd assumed that, but I hadn't been sure. We hadn't exactly had lots of time to talk.

"Thank you. Maybe you'll finish reading while I'm gone."

She smiled. "I will. I'm at a good spot."

Reading? I decided not to ask. I didn't want to prolong Hunter's departure any longer than absolutely necessary.

Marni hugged Mary Anne. I didn't know the female wolf well, but if the affectionate gesture meant anything, Mary Anne definitely knew her. I heard the girls exchange a few whispered words, and then Marni looked at me. I wasn't sure what the discussion was about, but I didn't worry about it. I just needed them to leave.

"Falcon, I expect things to be exactly as I left them when I return." The implication in Hunter's words wasn't missed by anyone. He meant Mary Anne. He was warning his man to keep me away from her. If I was right, he was trusting the last wolf he should have been with that job.

Falcon nodded stiffly. "Of course. Bring back the good stuff."

"Don't we always?" Semi smiled.

"That's only because I'm with you."

"Enough of this pissing contest, let's go." Marni tugged on Semi's arm.

"Bye." I waved as the group walked out the door.

As soon as the door closed behind them Falcon turned to us with a smile. "So kids? Ready for the fun to start?"

Mary Anne coughed. "We're not going to cause any trouble. You can relax."

"Relax?" He laughed. "Not likely. Hunter would kill me if I didn't keep my eye on you." His eyes roamed up and down her body. We all knew that wasn't what Hunter meant. Was the leader that blind to Falcon's interest in her? But maybe that was the point? He thought Falcon's interest meant he'd try harder to keep me away, yet he wouldn't dare touch her himself? I needed to stop trying to apply psychological logic to these wolves. It wasn't getting me anywhere.

***

After a few hours of sitting around doing absolutely nothing, Falcon finally got up. "Don't move an inch." He looked back and forth between us. "I'm talking to both of you."

I nodded. "We won't."

He must have been satisfied by my response because he walked down the hall to the bathroom.

"This is it. Our only chance." I kept my voice low even though Falcon had left the room. The wolves had insanely good hearing, and I wasn't sure exactly how far the range went.

"I know. But how?" Mary Anne glanced at the closed bathroom door. "We're lucky he didn't leave the door open to do that."

"There's only one way. I don't like it, and neither will you."

She sighed and glanced at the fire. "I know what you're going to say."

"Do you?" I waited to see if she'd say it herself.

"I need to seduce him." She cringed as she said the words.

"I'm glad you're the one who said it out loud first." I was relieved I didn't have to suggest it. If our plan failed, I was putting her in a dangerous situation, but if we didn't escape she might be in an even worse one. "And you'll need the handcuffs from the shed."

"Handcuffs?"

"Yeah, weird I know. Who knows who they belong to?"

"This isn't going to be easy."

"No one said it would be."

The toilet flushed, and we jumped apart from each other. He'd only given us two minutes alone, but it was the first private conversation we'd had in days.

The door burst open. "Did I miss anything?"

"No." Mary Anne shook her head a little too frantically. She needed to calm down. She couldn't blow things when we were so close.

"Good. I wouldn't want to have to invite you in next time, would I?" He checked her out again. What a sick bastard. I assumed he wasn't talking about her watching while he took a shit, but who the hell knew with this piece of work? I didn't want to throw her to the wolves-figuratively and literally, by making her do the dirty work, but I didn't have any other ideas. Falcon wasn't as sharp as the others, but we still weren't likely to slip past him.

"I'm going to go upstairs and read." Mary Anne patted the worn book in her hands. I figured it was one Hunter had given her.

"Oh yeah?" His eyes were on her chest and not her face. After a minute he turned to me. "And how about you? What are you going to be doing?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I could use some sleep."

"Fine. I can arrange that." I nodded, and he smiled. "Glad to know you're being cooperative."

"Do I really have another option?"

"No."

We went upstairs, and Falcon followed me inside the guest room while Mary Anne walked into Hunter's room. I wasn't surprised when Falcon double checked the bars on the windows. Yes, bars. Hunter had them on every window in the house. I also wasn't surprised when my door locked from the outside when he left. I was relying on that. Falcon wasn't wasting his chance to spend time alone with Mary Anne. Maybe the seduction would be easier than we thought.

Chapter Twenty

Mary Anne

I knew Falcon was watching me from the hallway. I'd purposely left the door to Hunter's room open just enough that he'd have a clear view while thinking I didn't know. I stretched out on the bed, attempting to look sexy while pretending to read a book. I flipped my hair back and ran a hand down my chest. If I was going to play this game, then I was really going to play it.

I stared at two random pages in the book. I'd already finished Moby Dick, but Falcon didn't need to know that.

I moaned. I figured adding some sound effects couldn't hurt.

I heard a floor board creak outside the door. He'd know that I heard it too.

"You doing all right in there?"

"Sure. You can come in." I braced myself. I could do this.

"Good book?" He gestured to the book in my hands. He stood in the doorway.

I held up Moby Dick. "Yeah. I didn't expect it to get me so worked up though."

"Worked up?" He stepped into the room, his boots clomping on the wood floor.

"Yeah. I don't want to catch a giant whale, but I want my desires fulfilled if you know what I mean." Oh my god. What was I even saying?

"Your desires fulfilled?" His lips twisted into a tight smile.

"Forget it. I understand that I can't find what I need here."

"Can't find what you need?" He strode over to the bed. "And what is it you need?"

"Control."

"Control in the bedroom?" He took another step closer.

"Yes. That's why I haven't given in to Hunter. He doesn't get that I need to run things. At least the first time." I sounded like a complete idiot, but miraculously Falcon didn't seem to notice.

"Run things?"

"Yeah. I already told you I want to be in control." I set aside the book. "Have you ever let a girl take control before?"

"No. I tend to dominate if you know what I mean." He arched an eyebrow.

"I do know." I sat up. "Maybe you should give the submissive role a chance sometime. I bet you'd like it."

"Oh yeah?" He sat down on the edge of the bed. "Would I?"

"Definitely." I swallowed hard. I had to make this work. I scooted closer to him. "You'd love it."

"Too bad you're Hunter's. I might have been interested in seeing if you were right."

I stood up and moved in front of him. "Do you always listen to Hunter?"

"He's Alpha. For now I don't have a choice."

"That's too bad." I stepped back. "I was even going to agree to take turns."

He looked up at me through lidded eyes. "Hunter isn't here."

"No he isn't." I moved closer.

"How do I know you aren't trying to get me in trouble?"

"Why would I do that?" I pulled my sweater off over my head. "Is it hot in here or is it me?"

"It's you, but take off whatever you'd like." His eyes zeroed in on the skin of my stomach exposed by my cami.

"So what's it going to be?"

"What?"

"Are you going to let me take control? Let me show you just how much fun we can have together?" I ran a hand down my body. I hoped it came off sexy rather than strange.

"I don't know. Defying Hunter is pretty big. How do I know it's going to be worth it?"

"It's going to be worth it." I took a deep breath before pulling the cami over my head.

His breath picked up. "You're fucking hot."

"I already told you I was."

He laughed. "How does this work?"

"I heard Marni talking about some handcuffs."

"Marni? Handcuffs?"

Maybe using her name was a mistake. "Yeah. She said they were in the shed."

"You really think I'm going to let you handcuff me?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Remember, we're taking turns. Wouldn't you like to do exactly the same thing to me?" I unbuttoned my jeans, unzipping them slowly.

"Aren't you a little bit brave, hun? What's going to stop me from having you on my terms first?"

"You play by my rules and Hunter doesn't know. And who knows, if we have as much fun as I'm expecting maybe we can do it more often. I've noticed there aren't too many girls around."

"Not ones that look like you." He cupped my breasts through my bra. I forced myself to moan instead of gag.

"So what's it going to be?"

"I'll get the handcuffs, but if you've changed your mind by the time I get back you're going to have some trouble."

"Why would I change my mind?" I started to inch my jeans down. "That is unless you take too long. If you do I might have to take things into my own hands."

He groaned. "Don't go anywhere."

As soon as I heard his footsteps on the stairs I unlocked Gage's door. If things went wrong, I wasn't leaving myself at Falcon's mercy.

"Falcon? You coming?" I yelled it for Gage's benefit. I didn't want him opening the door and messing things up.

"Miss me?" Falcon appeared at the top of the stairs.

"Aren't I allowed to be excited?"

"You're allowed to be anything you want as long as the end result is me getting a piece of you."

"Is that so?" I tugged on his hand, pulling him into Hunter's room. "If that's the case, start stripping."

"Stripping?"

"Yes. I'm in control, remember?" I pulled the handcuffs from his pocket careful to let my hand brush against the bulge in his pants. "And I want your clothes off."

"Will you be taking off the rest of yours?"

"Later."

"Now. I'll let you play the game you want, but I get something first."

"Those aren't the rules."

He started to pull the handcuffs from me. "Yes they are."

"Fine." I reached around and unclasped my bra. I was doing this for my freedom, for Gage.

His hands were on me in seconds. "Such pretty little tits." He started to lower his mouth, but I pushed him back.

"It's your turn. Clothes off."

"Yes, ma'am." He was grinning. Taking off the bra had worked.

He pulled off his t-shirt, tossing it on the floor, before sliding off his jeans.

He started on his briefs, but I stilled his hand. "Not yet. That's my job."

"Oh yeah? Then do it." He challenged me. His eyes were heated.

"Lie down."

"Take off more clothes."

"I'm already shirtless."

"And I want to see what panties you're wearing."

"Lie down then."

He lay down in the middle of the bed, and I slipped out of my jeans. I was already half naked and so close to getting him restrained, if I could only get him to trust me a little more.

"Pink. Nice."

"Hands on the headboard."

"You're really going to handcuff me?"

"We both know you're strong enough to break these anyway. Aren't you?" I ran a hand over his bicep.

"Yeah. Oh course." His forehead creased, and I got my answer. He couldn't break them, but he wouldn't admit it. Perfect.

I leaned over him while I locked on the cuffs. I was afraid that if I didn't he'd change his mind. "Thank you, Falcon."

"Thank you?" he looked at me with confusion.

"For being so cooperative." I picked up my clothes and started getting dressed.

"You little bitch."

"The little bitch with cute little tits, huh?"

Right on cue Gage opened his door. "Ready, babe?"

"Ready."

Falcon struggled against the handcuffs. "I am going to fucking kill you, asshole. And I'll have you too, you little twit!"

I didn't wait. If he struggled for much longer he'd probably break the bed and free himself. I jumped into my jeans and accepted Gage's out stretched hand.

Falcon's screaming carried all the way down the stairs as we ran into the snowy, frigidly cold night.

"He's going to be in a lot of trouble when Hunter gets home."

"You mean because he's almost naked and handcuffed to Hunter's bed, or because we're missing?"

"Both. Hunter didn't want me looking at you. I can't imagine how he'll handle any excuse Falcon could possibly throw his way."

***

The snow had started without me noticing. I was prepared for the cold and wind, but not for the swirling flakes of snow and sleet that stung my face as they made contact with my skin.

"We sure picked a great night to break out," Gage squeezed my hand.

"It's not like we had a choice." We hurried through the cold night, trying not to look over our shoulder too often. We were both afraid that we were being followed.

"There's no way we're making it to town before daybreak." Somehow I hadn't thought this far ahead. Getting out of the house was the farthest I'd made it.

"We need to find shelter."

"But we can't stay around here. The witches might find us. They're probably watching the highway."

"Witches?"

"Oh. You don't know about them?"

Gage laughed a 'I'm losing my mind' kind of laugh. "Nope. I guess I missed that fire side chat."

His words stung whether he wanted them to or not. My talks with Hunter weren't by choice. "There are scary psycho witches around."

"Are you sure he didn't just make them up? Maybe he was trying to scare you from running away?"

"If he did, it didn't work."

"No it didn't." Gage started heading away from the main highway. At least he listened. "There's some abandoned railroad tracks this way, and I'm almost positive there's another road beyond them."

"They caused the accident; the wolves did." It felt good to say it out loud.

Gage squeezed my hand. "I know. I just don't know why."

I refused to look at him. It was easy to do as we marched through the cold night. "They were going to give you to the witches, so they wouldn't take an innocent local as a slave."

"The rest of that comment aside, I wouldn't have been innocent?"

"They thought driving through that snowstorm made you less worth saving I guess."

"And you changed their mind?"

"Yeah. I look like his ex or something."

"Hunter's?" Gage picked up the pace slightly, and I worked to keep up. "Yeah. Because that's not freaky at all."

"No kidding... but he never told me what happened to her. Every time I brought it up he shut his mouth."

"I'm sure he has plenty of secrets."

"Do you think they're going to hunt us down? I mean they do have our names, and they know where we are from."

"I've thought of that, but we can't afford to worry about that now. We've come this far."

"I agree." My hood blew off from a strong gust of wind, so I secured it on my head again.

"It's freezing out tonight."

"I'd have thought after all your time outside the past few days you'd be immune," I teased. It felt good to tease him. Normal in a way nothing had been for days.

"Not at all, besides it feels even colder."

"I know."

"And darker." There was only a sliver of the moon that night. We walked through the blackness, aided only by the faint glow of the moon. I repeatedly tripped over tree roots once we reached the woods, but Gage kept catching me before I fell face first into the snowy ground.

"I think we found the railroad tracks." Gage bent down and started brushing snow off something.

"So we're getting close."

"Closer. Besides, maybe we'll get lucky and find some shelter around here."

"Luck? What's that?"

He laughed. "I think we're both due a little bit of that."

The strong wind continued as we stumbled along. My feet ached from the cold, but I didn't dare complain. All Gage could do was pick me up and that would just slow us down. Considering I'd just seduced a werewolf, walking a few miles in the snow shouldn't have been so hard.

"What's that?" I squinted my eyes, trying to make out a structure in the distance.

"I don't know. Let's find out."

"What if it's the witches?"

"If there are witches, and I say if, they'd find us no matter where we are, right? Besides, what other choice do we have?"

"You do realize the last time you said that we saw the smoke and met the wolves."

"True, but I don't see smoke."

"Let's be careful."

We walked as quietly as possible, but even so our feet crunched on the icy top layer of the snow. The tiny house looked decrepit, but it was definitely better than nothing.

"No one's lived here in years." Gage pushed open the old wooden door of the house. "This is an old railway house. It's been abandoned as long as the railroad."

"Let's hope you're right."

"I'd tell you to wait here, but that might be just as dangerous."

"We stay together. Remember?"

He took both of my hands in his. "Of course I do."

After releasing one of my hands, Gage walked into the small house first, but I followed just behind him. The room was pitch black, and I wasn't sure how much further in we should walk, when Gage turned on a light.

"You had a flashlight?" I asked with surprise. I was about to ask why he'd let me spend hours tripping over tree roots when the obvious answer came to me. A light would have attracted attention, which begged the question of why he had it on now. "And be careful with it."

He laughed. "I love that I know exactly how your mind went through all that. I'm only using it to search the house. Once I know we're alone and settled, I'll turn it off."

"Are we really staying here?" I asked, following closely behind.

"I don't see another choice, do you?"

"We could try to make it to the road." My aching feet didn't exactly agree with me.

"It's too late and too cold. We at least need to stop for a few hours to warm up."

"This place is way nicer than it looked from the outside." Despite a layer of dust, the room seemed pretty nice. In another time I might have enjoyed the old house for its history. Considering we'd just escaped wolves and all we had was a flashlight, it didn't seem like the appropriate time.

"I think this is the best spot." He put down his pack and started pulling out blankets before unrolling a sleeping bag.

It looked and felt just like the one in the truck. "How'd you find this?"

"The wolves must have pulled out some of our stuff before they burned it."

"Are we going to use it again, for old times' sake?" My body warmed thinking about exactly what memories we made inside it.

"It does hold a special place in my heart."

I laughed. "Our first time together was undoubtedly memorable."

"Easily my most memorable experience." He slipped his hand up under my sweater. "I've missed you so much."

"I've missed you too." I ran my fingers over his arm.

"I need you." He kissed me hard on the mouth taking away any restraint I had. I kissed him back. He tasted so good, so strong, so intoxicating. It felt like a lifetime since the last time his lips had been on mine, and I needed every touch of his I could get.

"You can have me." The setting wasn't ideal, but I knew exactly how he felt. Every inch of me craved him, and a week of bottled up emotions left me desperate for more of his touch.

"I promise I'm going to take care of you. I promise that I'll never let you down again." His lips brushed against my ear.

"You didn't let me down. None of this was your fault."

"Yes it was, but I'll make up for it. I promise you that."

"And I promise the same." If I was getting another chance at freedom-at Gage, I wasn't messing it up. I pushed away any doubts Hunter had put into my head. He was only trying to upset me, to make me feel alone.

There was something real between Gage and me. It went beyond my crazy fantasies and the years of pining. If we were going to make it work I'd have to move past those old dreams, to accept the real Gage-the one whose lips were currently moving to my neck and setting me on fire.

"Make me forget everything, Gage."

"You can forget everything except what happened in the truck. I'm not letting you forget that."

"I don't ever want to forget that." I slipped my hand under the back of his sweater. "And I couldn't possibly forget it. As crazy as this sounds, it was probably the best night of my life."

He chuckled. "It's not crazy, because I feel the same way. But, MaryAnne?" His hand cupped my chin.

"Yes?"

"Contrary to these first few times, I will make things romantic."

"I don't know what you mean. What could be more romantic than the back of your truck or an abandoned house?"

He laughed. "Just wait and see."

"I plan on it."

Chapter Twenty-One

Gage

I needed her. I didn't care about where we were, I needed Mary Anne, and I was going to have her. I pulled off her sweater and cami in one motion, discarding her bra just as quickly. She pulled off my sweater and rewarded my bare skin with tiny kisses all around my neck and down to my chest.

I snapped myself out of the fog created by her touch long enough to slip off her jeans and panties. I needed her naked. I fondled one breast while my lips settled on the other. She moaned, turning me on more. My jeans tightened, but she gave me relief moments later when she undid my belt and released me. She took me in her hand, gently stroking me without saying a word.

I slipped a hand between her legs. She opened right up to me. Gone was the hesitation she'd shown in the truck. It's as though our time apart had made hesitation pointless, and it made me realize how quickly something could be taken from you.

She was never being taken away from me again. During the week we spent together as captives, I discovered my feelings for her went far deeper than a passing attraction. I'd have given anything to protect her, and I wanted her-no needed her in my life.

"Gage." She said my name so softly, so gently. It matched the way her hand worked over me, but it was at odds with her heavy breathing.

"Yeah?"

"I need you."

"I know." I grazed my teeth over her nipple. "I need you too."

"I don't want this to be it for us."

"It won't be." The room was too dark to look directly into her eyes, but she needed to know that this wasn't a passing fling for me. "We're going to make it through this, and then we can be together anytime we want."

"Anytime?"

"Anytime. You better get used to having me around, because you're going to be seeing a lot of me at home and school."

"Good. That almost makes all this hell worth it."

"Only almost?" I moved my lips to her neck.

"It got a little scary there for a second."

"Just a second?"

She laughed. "Let's stop talking about that. I just want to think about us."

"Me too."

She sighed as I positioned myself over her. I didn't say anything, I just looked down at her, wishing there was more light. I wanted to see her-I wanted to memorize every inch of her body. There'd be time for that later, but at the moment the only thing that mattered was having her, connecting with her in a physical way again.

"Gage." She moaned my name as soon as I thrust into her. She opened her legs, welcoming me back to what I knew was becoming my favorite place. She reached up and wrapped her arms around my neck. The action drove me wild. She'd told me she wanted things hard, but I wanted to take her gentle this time, I wanted to show her that there was more to me than animalistic sex. After being with the wolves I wanted to remind both of us that we were human.

My resolve lasted all of a minute. She dug her nails into my back, and the primal side of me took over. I needed her, and she needed me. She moaned her agreement, encouraging me to continue with harder and deeper thrusts until neither of us could hold on any longer.

I stayed on top of her, not willing to pull out and leave the comfort that only she could provide. When I did move, it was only to shift next to her and hold her in my arms. I wasn't letting go.

***

I could get used to waking up with Mary Anne in my arms. Very used to it. Her body fit so perfectly in my arms, and her soft breathing made it seem like everything was okay, even if just for a moment.

Sunlight streamed in through a crack in the boards covering the windows. She stirred. "Gage."

I grinned. Goofy grinned. She was dreaming about me. At least I knew I was making an impression.

"Morning, beautiful," I murmured into her neck, brushing my lips gently over her skin.

She mumbled again. "Gage?"

"It's me." I resisted the urge to add 'who else would it be'? It was too soon to mess with those wounds.

"It's morning?" She rubbed her eyes in an adorable way.

"It is. We survived the night." I trailed my fingers down her side.

"Is it still snowing?"

"I can't tell yet." I reluctantly slipped out of the sleeping bag and peered out, not bothering to get dressed yet.

"It should be illegal to have an ass like that."

I turned and laughed. She blushed slightly. "What? Not going to say the same thing about my front?"

She blushed even more. "Is it snowing?"

"No."

"Good." She sat up. "Can you hand me my clothes?"

"Hey, don't I get to ogle you too?"

"It's too cold."

"Oh, you're cold?" I got back into the sleeping bag.

"We need to go."

"If I've learned anything the past few days it's that you never know when you'll get another chance." I cupped both of her breasts with my hands.

"Gage."

"Mary Anne. Is this when you tell me no?"

"No. This is when I tell you yes." She moved on top of me, "All that control talk with Falcon made me want to try this."

"Wait. You've never been on top before?"

"How much sex do you think I've had?"

"You said you weren't a virgin."

"I wasn't, but let me put it this way. You've officially doubled the amount of times."

"Nice." I pulled her head down to mine. I didn't want to corrupt an innocent girl, but I liked knowing she'd been with me way more than any other guy.

She fumbled under the blankets, trying to line us up. I waited as patiently as possible. There was something so cute about her inexperience, and I was afraid offering to help would kill her confidence.

A few moments later I got the pleasure I was waiting for.

She moved slowly on top of me until she got frustrated by the sleeping bag and unzipped it. Freed from the confines of the bag, she moved faster, navigating me inside her with precision. I closed my eyes and let her do whatever she wanted. Being inside of her was a pleasure that nothing else could compare with.

All too soon I felt myself nearing release. Her breathing picked up, and I hoped she was feeling half as good as I was.

She yelled out right before I shuddered, and she fell down on top of me.

"Still cold?" I asked once my breathing returned to normal.

"Nope." She smiled. "Was that ok?"

"Okay?" I ran my hands up and down her back. "No."

Her face fell.

"Babe, it was great. How could you not know that?"

She buried her face in my shoulder.

I ran a hand through her hair. "You're incredible and I can't wait to keep exploring with you."

"So you're serious? You want to see where things go?"

"No. I don't just want to wait and see. I want to be with you. I don't plan on letting you out of my sight for a while."

She shivered. "We should go."

"I know."

We got dressed quickly and packed up our stuff. It was only after we stepped out into the cold that my fear returned. We needed to find the road before the wolves found us first.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Mary Anne

Sex with Gage set me on fire. The last two times there was something else there too. An emotional connection that was impossible to ignore. I followed him along the snow covered railroad tracks with a mix of anxiety and elation. I knew we weren't out of danger yet, but the thought of a future with Gage made everything else feel okay.

A few miles down, a road came into view. "We made it." If my feet weren't already freezing I probably would have jumped up and down.

He exhaled loudly. "Finally."

"Did you doubt it?" I wrapped my hand around his arm, loving the feel of his muscles. Genevieve would be rolling her eyes, but I couldn't help it. I loved how strong he was.

"Not exactly, but I couldn't stand thinking I'd let you down again."

"You didn't, and this isn't all on you. I'm supposed to be helping too."

"Oh, you're helping." He smiled. "You're keeping me sane and satisfied, all the important things."

"Same to you."

He squeezed my hand. "Good. I'm glad I'm doing both, it means you like me for more than my body."

"How do you know? Maybe it's your body keeping me sane?" I smiled.

"Nah, that would be the part driving you crazy and making you anything but sane."

I laughed. "Good point."

We walked along the road, not sure exactly how far away the next town was and wondering when a car would come by. It was a rarely used back road by the looks of it, but there were a few track marks on the snow.

"Do you think people will believe us? I mean we have no IDs or phones, so we're going to have to rely on someone else for help."

"Someone will let us use a phone. That's all we need."

"True. Hopefully no one found your truck yet." I needed to believe my parents were spared the heartbreak. I couldn't even imagine what my parents were going through otherwise.

"I know." He looked off into the distance. "I'm going to miss Bessy."

"I'm guessing insurance doesn't cover crazy wolves burning it in the woods."

"Nope, but we weren't in it when it burned, so I can't complain too much."

I leaned into his side, so grateful that we were both alive and together. "Exactly."

The sound of an engine behind us had us both turning. Gage pushed me behind him. A large green SUV slowed down in front of us. What would have been a welcome sight before meeting the wolves now had us both tense.

"Need some help?" A light female voice asked from the partially opened window. The window was tinted so we couldn't see anything.

Gage and I looked at each other. Neither of us were feeling particularly trusting.

He answered for us. "I think we're ok. How far is the next town though?"

The driver rolled down the window more. I watched Gage's face relax when he saw the speaker. She was a beautiful brunette not much older than us. "It's a good six miles further. Let me give you two a lift. It's freezing out."

"No. it's okay." A pretty girl didn't make me more trustful, it made me less.

Gage squeezed my hand. I expected him to argue with me, but he didn't. "That's all right, but thanks." He tugged on my hand slightly to get me walking.

"I think you might want to change your mind," the girl called from the car.

"We're fine." I replied without turning around.

The engine cut, so I started walking faster. What could these people want? After everything we'd been through, I knew it probably wasn't anything good. I was never a particularly trusting person, but after my experience with the wolves I was skeptical of everyone.

Seconds later there was a hand on my shoulder whirling me around. "Ignoring us was a big mistake."

I took in a breath. I was looking into the face of a girl who looked remarkably similar to me. She had the same long red hair and green eyes.

I just stared at the girl in front of me. "Who are you?"

"Who am I? Shouldn't the question be 'who are you'? I mean you do reek of my ex, which seems silly when you have a man like that available." Her eyes raked over Gage.

"Uh, we really don't want trouble. So if you don't mind we'll be going." Gage put his arm around me.

"No trouble? Oh honey, you'll be no trouble at all. I'm sure you'll be fun." She licked her lips before turning to me. "This tramp will be trouble though."

"Tramp?" My eyes probably bugged out of my head.

"Let's go." Gage started to turn around.

"You're not going anywhere, honey." She grabbed his arm. "And to think Hunter tried to keep you from me. He was always a jealous boy."

"Hunter?" Gage exhale loudly.

"I take it you aren't a fan of his either?"

"He tried to steal my girlfriend and kept us captive. Not really."

Was this the same ex that got taken by the witches?

"You should have let him have her. I assure you, you'll have more fun with us." She wrapped her hand around his bicep. "Come along, now."

He shrugged her off. "We're not going anywhere with you."

"Oh yes, you are."

"Not a chance." He stepped toward her. "Get out of our way."

Her eyes locked on his, and she held her hand out in front of her.

"What the hell?" Gage stood frozen. "I can't move."

I reached for him. "Leave us alone." Was she a witch now too? Damn it, were we ever going to catch a break?

She turned to me. "Now what do we do with you? What do you think, Helen?" she called to the driver who was now outside the SUV. "Can we use her for something?"

"I don't know... why not give her back to Hunter? Maybe the guy deserves a toy. We all know he likes red heads." Helen laughed.

"I wonder how much he wants her.... maybe he'd pay."

"I bet he would." Helen chewed on her fingernail.

The red haired one held out her hand in front of her while she looked at me.

I felt a strange tingling sensation. I tried to move, but every inch of me was stuck. Including my mouth.

"What's the problem, cat got your tongue?" She laughed.

"Shut the fuck up!" Evidently Gage's mouth still worked just fine.

"Stop trying to play the hero honey, that's not what we want from you."

"Then what do you want?"

Please let someone else come by, I said over and over in my head.

"You'll see. I knew Hunter had caught me a new pet, I had no idea how nice though." She grabbed his arm and tugged him toward the back of the SUV. He wasn't fighting it, but by the confused and angry expression on his face, he wasn't going on his own accord.

Hunter's ex turned to me. "I'm trying to decide whether to leave you out here to freeze or bring you home. I'm not sure which would be better." she pushed Gage in and slammed the door.

"Tough decision." Helen laughed. "Leave her, Vanessa. Maybe Hunter will find her body. That would piss him off, wouldn't it?"

Vanessa grinned. "Good idea. That way we don't have to dispose of her." She walked around to the passenger side of the car. "Have a nice day, tramp. I can't wait to find out just how good your boy here is. I'm sure he'll forget about you in about what... hmm five minutes." She slammed her door. Helen walked over and spit in my face before she got in the driver's seat. Moments later she started the SUV and drove away.

This was it. Gage was gone, and I was going to freeze to death on the side of the road. Tears slid down my face. Evidently she hadn't frozen those.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Gage

"No! You can't leave her here!" I screamed on the top of my lungs as I listened to the girls taunt Mary Anne as they drove away.

I was thanked by losing the ability to speak. These had to have been the witches Hunter had warned Mary Anne about. I guess he wasn't lying.

My heart nearly beat out of my chest as the girls continued down the road. The red head turned to the driver. "Now that we got rid of the garbage, we can head home."

Home? Was she crazy? What the hell was wrong with all these people? How were there so many psychos living within hours of where I grew up? Of where Mary Anne grew up? It was freezing out, and she couldn't move. How long could she survive? Despite my feelings about him, I hoped Hunter came back and found her. He was probably her only hope.

"What's wrong, honey?" The red head looked at me. "You're not thinking about her are you?"

I said nothing, I couldn't. She'd taken away my capacity to speak.

"You're going to enjoy your new cage-I mean home."

The dark-haired girl giggled. I vaguely remembered her friend calling her Helen, but I preferred to leave her nameless. After all, she was the one who drove away from Mary Anne.

Cage? They wanted to keep me in a cage? I didn't care. All I wanted to do was get back to Mary Anne. Once again I'd let her down.

The driver turned off the road and the red head climbed over the center console to the back seat. She ran her nails down my back. "You really are a nice one. All muscle. I like muscle."

Without warning she ripped off my shirt. Now I'd had plenty of fantasies about attractive women ripping off my clothes, but none of them involved me being frozen in place, after said attractive woman left my girlfriend to die on the side of the road.

She raked her eyes over me. "Nice."

The red head turned around. "Very nice. He'll be fun." She laughed. "Lots of fun." She sucked my earlobe into her mouth and ran her tongue over it. Ugh. I'd have done anything to push her away. "I'm Vanessa by the way. What's your name?"

"Oh yeah. You can't talk." Both girls laughed.

"Let's call him Sprinkles. He has these adorable freckles on his chest," Vanessa traced her fingers over the handful of freckles.

What the fuck? Sprinkles? What, was I a dog?

"Oh yeah. That's a great name. Landa is going to love him. She loves the tall, dark types."

"Are there any other types?" Vanessa laughed.

"I like a nice blond once in a while."

"Can you believe we got a dark haired one with freckles? What a find."

If I hadn't just spent a week with a pack of wolves I would have thought I was dreaming. I went back to the Hell idea. A bunch of hot girls who are bitches and kill off the only girl I care about? That was Hell.

We continued along the dirt road until the SUV came to a stop in front of a cottage. It was old and looked like it came from a fairy tale. What, was this Hansel and Gretel?

"We're home, Sprinkles." Vanessa opened the door and pulled me out. It seemed like my body moved when she wanted it to, like she'd taken over all control. "Landa? You home?" Vanessa called out.

"Yes." A striking blond walked out of a cabin. "OH MY GOSH, HE'S SO CUTE!"

She came over and put her hands on either side of my cheeks. "What's his name?"

"Sprinkles."

"Because of these freckles?" She ran a finger over my chest.

"Yes!" the other girls shrieked.

"Let me go get his collar." Landa walked back inside. She came out holding a leather collar.

"Let me put it on." Vanessa put the black leather around my neck.

"Here's the leash." She attached a chain to it. "Come on, Sprinkles. Time to see your new home."

"Tootsie, come show Sprinkles in."

Another guy with a similar collar came out and took my leash. "Of course, Madam. I will take him in."

Was this guy going along with them?

He pulled me along around the side of the cottage to some sort of barn. He pushed open the barn door and towed me behind him. He paused in front of a cage. Yes, a cage. They weren't kidding. Inside were two twin mattresses lying on straw. One of the mattresses was occupied by a guy staring at the ceiling. In addition to his collar, he was wearing a hemp necklace around his neck. Tootsie leaned in to whisper. "Do what they say, or you'll end up like Granola over there."

Granola? I assumed the guy could thank the hemp necklace for that name.

Tootsie pushed me in. I hadn't figured out where his pet name came from yet, but I probably didn't want to know. "The freeze will wear off soon, but do yourself a favor and keep your mouth shut."

Keep my mouth shut? Like that was going to happen.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Mary Anne

My nose itched. That seems like such a small detail considering my situation, but it was reassurance that my entire body wasn't frost bitten. For the first hour I kept expecting them to reappear. Gage would find a way to move, and he'd be back. He'd never leave me behind. He'd find a way to return in time.

Eventually that delusional hope disappeared and was replaced by despair. What a way to die. At least I'd had sex with Gage-multiple times no less. That was something.

Just when I thought the itch on my nose couldn't get worse, I realized I could move my arm. Maybe whatever the witch had done was wearing off. At first I couldn't move my arm past my elbow, but eventually my finger made contact with my nose. A dull ache like you get after a tetanus shot had me resting my arm moments later. I had to work up some energy before I could move it again.

I tried to move my legs, but it was a no go. Nothing else worked. I looked up and noticed at least ten crows lined up on the power lines above me. Great, they were already circling like I was dead. If the birds thought I was a goner, what kind of hope did I have?

A low howl in the distance gave me a shot of hope. Was that Hunter? Would he find me? But what if it was Falcon? Either wolf would be angry, but Hunter would be less likely to hurt me. After a few moments of hesitation, my freezing body, a desire to live, and a determination to find Gage won out. I tried to scream. Nothing happened. Evidently my voice wasn't back.

I heard another howl, this time closer. I tried to yell, but it was pointless.

Another howl announced the wolf's approach, and before I could process what was happening, there was a blur of fur and a large gray wolf with a silver streak was in front of me. Hunter. He'd found me. I felt a mix of relief and fear.

I blinked my eyes-they were blinking again, and Hunter was standing in front of me in all his naked glory. "Mary Anne." He pulled me into his arms. "Who did this to you?"

I couldn't talk.

"It was Vanessa." He answered his own question. He ran his hands down my arms. "You're freezing. We need to get you inside." He picked me up and held me against his chest as he ran through the woods. For the second time in a few days I was being carried by a naked Hunter. It was starting to feel like a pattern, but this time Gage wasn't with me. After seeing what the witches could do, I knew one thing. He was in more danger than me. At least I knew what Hunter wanted.

I tried to keep my eyes open as Hunter ran us over the snow, but eventually my lids closed. The only thing I was aware of was the beating of his heart and the chill of the wind.

"Stay with me, Mary Anne. Stay with me." His whispered words kept pulling me from the sleep I wanted to sink into.

"Gage." My voice returned, and I needed Hunter to know. He needed to help me save him.

"No, it's Hunter. It's always going to be me."

I tried to lift my head to explain more, but I felt too weak. I stopped trying, and let Hunter carry me back. I couldn't help Gage until I had my strength back.

"Is she okay?" Marni's voice pulled me out of my fog as I was met by a wave of warmth.

"We need more warm blankets, everything you can find."

"On it."

I eventually opened my eyes to find myself in Hunter's arms in front of the fire.

"Sit down on the couch with her, we can cover you both better that way." Marni was taking charge. Despite everything, I smiled to myself. I'd never heard Hunter listen to anyone else.

"Good idea." Hunter sat down, quickly reminding me of how naked he was. At least he wasn't aroused.

He shifted me slightly, and I wrapped up in the blankets. "I'm so glad you're okay." Hunter brushed my hair back from my face.

"Thanks for saving me." I knew he'd saved my life. Of course I'd have never have been in that situation if he hadn't been helping the witches.

"You know I'd do anything to keep you safe." He held me tighter against me. "You need to stop running."

"We need to find Gage."

"Don't worry about that now. You're safe. You need to rest." He kissed my forehead.

"Rest?" I pushed off the blankets. "I can't. We need to save him." I knew I was crazy to think Hunter would help, but it was Hunter's ex-girlfriend who took him.

"You have to forget about him. He's gone."

"No." I stood up, nearly falling over.

Hunter steadied me. "Yes. Those witches aren't giving him back." He'd let the blankets fall when he stood up, and he was just standing there naked. I couldn't even worry about it. All I cared about was getting Gage.

"Yes. The witches. You never did tell me what they did to their slaves."

"It's not worth worrying about." He reached out for me. "You need to forget him. He's gone."

"Forget him? Are you crazy?" I stepped back.

"Please calm down."

"How can I calm down?"

He sighed. "You do realize none of this would have happened if you'd just stayed here. If you hadn't tricked Falcon."

Falcon. I'd almost forgotten. I looked all around.

"He's not here." Hunter's jaw clenched.

"Where is he?" I didn't like the guy, but I hoped Hunter hadn't hurt him too bad.

"I found some other jobs for him."

"It's not totally his fault..."

"I imagine you must have been rather convincing." He stepped toward me. "Maybe you'll exert that kind of effort for me sometime."

My relief at Falcon being gone didn't last long. I made the mistake of glancing down. So much for Hunter not being aroused. I scanned the room for Marni. We weren't alone, were we? "We only ran away because you were keeping us captive. If you'd have let us leave when we wanted to and driven us into town they never would have found us."

"That wasn't an option."

"I need to go find him."

"Absolutely not." His hands clenched into fists. For the first time I was actually scared of Hunter. Every single muscle was there on display for me, and I knew if he wanted to he could hurt me in the blink of an eye. "They'll kill you."

I mustered every ounce of courage I had. "I have to try."

"They left you out to die once before. Do you really want to face that again?"

"Gage is worth it." I knew that unequivocally.

A look of admiration crossed Hunter's face. Was he surprised that I'd risk my life for Gage? The look quickly faded. "And what? You expect me to save him for you?"

I put a hand on my hip. "No. I expect you to let me go."

"Why? So you can leave me for him? So you can sacrifice your life for a boy who shouldn't mean anything to you?"

"But he does mean something to me." Everything.

"I'm not letting you."

"Then you'll have to keep me here by force."

"Are you seriously threatening to run again? Even after what the witches did to you? After what I've told you?"

I decided to throw caution to the wind. I was willing to agree to anything if it meant getting Gage back. Hunter was acting like it was a lost cause-like he wouldn't survive. That couldn't happen. Hunter was right, I had no chance against the witches, but he did. I just had to give him enough of a reason to help.

"I'll stop running if you bring him back. I'll stay here. I'll let you keep me safe." I used the words I knew he wanted to hear. They had to be enough. Even if it meant being stuck with the wolves for longer, it was worth it. After even just a few minutes with the witches I knew they were dangerous. Who knew what they could be doing to Gage?

"If I bring him back, the rules stay the same. "

"Yes. I promise."

"And you're done running? I'm not going to have to keep you here by force?"

I let out a deep breath. A vision of Gage's face when he was pushed into the SUV flashed across my mind. "Yes. I'm done running."

"Prove it."

"Prove it?"

He watched me. "Give me something to show me that your word means something."

I stepped toward him. "Okay." I leaned up and brushed my lips against his. "I promise I'll stop running."

I expected him to try to deepen the kiss, and I prepared myself for it. Anything for Gage. He didn't. Instead he pulled me into a hug. "I'll be back with him. Then I expect you to keep your word." He let go. "I shouldn't have to post a guard, but I'll have Marni come by to keep you company."

"Thank you."

"Yeah, well, there isn't much I wouldn't do for you." He brushed some of my hair away from my face. "You keep running, but what you don't understand is you belong here by my side. Only I can keep you safe. Only I can protect you."

My heart hurt. Why did he care so much? Was I some sort of replacement for his ex-girlfriend? But how had he ever loved her? How could someone like that have loved a girl so cruel?

I didn't have too much time to think about it before he walked out the door. "I'll be back soon. Try to relax and stay warm."

I nodded, hoping I wouldn't be waiting long.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Gage

As Tootsie had predicted, whatever the hell Vanessa had done to me wore off. I could walk around, and I could talk. I screamed a few times to no avail. Not even Granola turned to look at me. The poor guy just kept staring at the ceiling. He looked physically fine, but I wasn't sure if anything was going on in his head.

I waited on the farthest side of the cage from Granola. Granola. I hated even thinking the stupid name they made up.

I knew I was in trouble. Being locked in a cage by a bunch of witches wasn't good, but all I could think about was Mary Anne. Was she still out there? Since the spell had worn off of me, I hoped the same had happened for her. Maybe she was already on her way into town. I hoped she wouldn't do something crazy like try to find me. She wouldn't. She had to have some self-preservation, and I wasn't worth her life. Even if she were back with the wolves it would be a better alternative. I didn't like Hunter, but he wouldn't kill her. He cared about her in his weird, messed-up way.

"They're ready for you." Tootsie opened the cage door. He'd changed out of the jeans and sweater he'd been wearing when I arrived. He was now dressed in what looked like a 1950's sailor uniform. Unbelievable.

"They're ready?" I turned away. I couldn't keep a straight face looking at the guy. "What the hell does that matter? I'm not listening to them."

"You should."

"Why are you doing this?" I turned to glare at him. "Do you like being treated like a pet?"

"It's better than ending up like him." Tootsie pointed to Granola who was now drooling.

"What did they do to him?" I didn't really want to know, but I needed to know what I was facing.

"Hopefully you won't find out first hand." He held out the leash. "Come on."

I walked out of the cage pretending I was going to go along with things. I let him attach the stupid leash, and I waited for him to open the door to the barn.

I still had no shirt, but freezing in the snow seemed like a better option than dealing with these people. There was a better chance for survival in the former.

Once outside, I yanked the leash out of his hand and took off running. I made it a few feet before my entire body froze again.

"What do we have here?" Vanessa's shrill voice came from right behind me. She moved in front of me and ran a finger down my chest. "You aren't very obedient, are you?"

"Obedient? In case you didn't realize I'm not a dog." She hadn't frozen my voice this time.

"No, dogs don't look like you." She cupped me through my jeans. "Tell me, are you good in bed?"

Seriously? Was that an actual question?

"I guess I'll find that out for myself." She grinned wickedly. I didn't want to discover how nuts she'd be if she had me naked. I was freezing cold, and I wasn't even able to move my arms to push her away.

"Come along, Sprinkles. We can finish this assessment inside." She tugged on the leash.

"What do you want with me?"

She laughed. "That's what the assessment is for."

That was it. I couldn't just go along with it. I used every ounce of strength I had and pushed it toward the goal of resisting. I stopped short, finally breaking out of the spell.

The victory only lasted a moment before she yanked on the leash. "Come on, Sprinkles. I don't want to have to do another spell."

"I'm not going anywhere with you. I'm going back to find Mary Anne." I fought against her surprisingly strong tug.

"Mary Anne? You mean the girl who's probably a popsicle right now? I wouldn't worry about her. I'm sure an animal will clean up the mess."

I lunged for her, but my fist only made it within a few inches of her face before it was frozen in place.

"Now, now. Sprinkles." She wagged a finger in front of my face.

I tried to stop walking again, but I couldn't.

"Come along, you have to meet Gerry. She's dying to meet you." She tugged on the leash.

Once again I felt the strange sensation. She must have strengthened the spell. Fantastic.

The door to their cottage opened, and a woman probably in her mid-forties walked out. "Is this the new one?"

"Yes, Sprinkles." Vanessa tugged on the leash again.

"Oh. Appropriate name." She touched my chest. More about the freckles?

"He's not very obedient, but I think we'll find a use for him." Vanessa slipped her hand into the back of my jeans. If I could have moved, I would have jumped.

"I'll be the judge of that. Bring him in." The oldest of the witches, who I assumed was named Gerry, turned and walked inside.

Vanessa pulled me inside to where Gerry waited with the other two young witches.

The blonde, Landa, or whatever her name was grinned at me. "Is he ready for the assessment?"

"Yes. He's ready." Vanessa dropped the leash and all four of them took seats on a long black leather couch.

The dark haired one leaned back against the couch. "He's big. That's always helpful."

"Yes. He'd be useful for manual labor." Gerry commented.

"Can you dance?" Landa flipped some of her hair off her shoulder.

I said nothing. Once again I couldn't move. Otherwise I'd have been running.

"Answer her." Gerry snapped.

I went to open my mouth and was surprised when my voice came out. "Dance? Are you kidding me?"

"Don't talk back to us," Vanessa snapped.

"I'm going to say whatever I want to say. You can't keep me here." I wasn't going down without a fight.

"Is that so?" Gerry stepped toward me. "Do you really think so?"

"Yes."

Gerry made a disgusted sound. "I'll be back to check on him later. Be sure that you have him in line." She walked out the door.

"Thanks a lot." Vanessa wagged a finger in my face again. "My first chance to prove myself, and you had to screw it up?"

"Prove yourself? Just let me the hell out of here."

"No. I can make you obey."

"Should I get the water?" The dark haired one asked.

"Yes. I'll get the chains." Landa hurried off.

Water? Chains?"

Moments later a bucket full of cold water was poured over my head.

I shivered. The small cottage wasn't heated much and the cold water came as a shock.

"Sit down, Sprinkles." Vanessa pointed at me.

"No." I seemed to have control back.

"Sit, Sprinkles."

"I'm not a fucking dog."

In a flash, my body slammed into the wood floor and chains were tied around my hands and feet. "You will do as we say."

"No. I will do nothing that you say." I was tired of being told what to do. I'd have rather died than played their games.

My whole body convulsed as electricity seemed to run through me.

The witches laughed.

I blinked a few times, trying to recover.

When I opened my eyes Vanessa was right in front of me. "Still going to disobey me?"

"Yes."

An even stronger jolt ran through me. Were they electrocuting me? Once I recovered I gritted my teeth. "I'm never going to listen."

"Oh, Sprinkles. I don't want to keep doing this. Did you see Granola? He was shocked three times. Do you really want to become like him?"

"I'm never doing anything you bitches say."

Another jolt ran through me. This one was more intense and lasted longer than the previous ones. I couldn't open my eyes, but I heard the sound of a loud knock.

"Who is it?" Vanessa snapped.

"It's me. Let me in."

I recognized that voice. I shouldn't have been relieved to hear it, but at least Hunter hadn't tried to electrocute me.

Vanessa exhaled loudly. "Let him in."

I forced my eyes open. I blinked several times to bring my vison into focus.

Hunter stood a few feet away completely naked. He must have come over as a wolf. His hulking form dwarfed the small room. "I need that one back." He pointed at me.

"Why? We're using him." Vanessa grinned.

I closed my eyes again. The effort to keep them open wasn't worth it when I couldn't move anyway.

"I need him."

"Why? Why him? You've never taken the others."

"I said I need him." Hunter's voice sounded louder. I forced my eyes open. He stood a few feet from me. "My reasons don't concern you."

"Oh, it's the girl. Isn't it? That little tramp you've obviously been with. Does she have you fetching her other men? Are you not enough to satisfy her?"

"Don't speak of her." Hunter growled. "I'm taking him."

"I see how it is. You're jealous." She giggled.

"Jealous?"

"Yes." She ran a hand down his chest. "You miss my attention."

"I don't miss you. I miss the girl I knew before." He pushed her out of the way.

She sighed in an exaggerated way. "Fine, you can have him, but I need to do one more thing." A final jolt ran through me, it was even stronger, and it gradually got worse. My body started to shake uncontrollably. Then just as suddenly as the searing pain and jolting started, everything went black.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Mary Anne

I watched out the front window with my face pressed against the glass like a little kid watching for Santa. The snow had started again. I used to love watching the falling flakes, but after all we'd been through, I hoped to never see snow again. I was ready to move to the tropics.

Finally, what felt like an eternity later, I saw Hunter running toward the house. He was holding something in his arms, and my chest tightened. Was it Gage?

I didn't wait for Marni. I just headed out the door. She didn't try to stop me. Instead she just followed me out.

I rushed over to meet Hunter, trying to get a look at what he held. I knew it was Gage, but I didn't want to accept that he couldn't walk on his own. "Is he okay?" I peered over.

Hunter shook his head. "No. I was too late." He laid Gage's motionless body down in the snow.

Every inch of me was frozen, but not from the cold. I could have cared less about the wind and snow, but Gage's pale face had my chest clenching and my heart racing. He couldn't die. He couldn't. I squeezed his hand, willing some of my energy to jump from my body into his. He should have escaped when he had the chance. He shouldn't have waited for me. I wasn't worth it. I wasn't worth his life.

"Please, open your eyes." I'd never wanted to see his brown eyes more. "Please, do it for me." Gage was more than just my fantasy, he was so much better. He was so deserving of a full and long life.

Memories from the night before flooded me. The feel of his hands on my skin, the taste of his mouth, the way his lips trailed down my body. Gage made me feel alive in a way I never imagined possible. I wasn't giving up on him. I couldn't. I needed him. I'd never needed someone so much. He was all I had anymore, and I knew even if I returned to my real life it would be empty without him. I'd have given up anything for him. I'd already given up my freedom, but I'd give up more. I'd give up everything.

"He's not waking up." Hunter's deep voice startled me. I'd almost forgotten I wasn't alone with Gage. I couldn't see anything but his face.

I ignored Hunter. Of course he'd say that. He didn't want Gage to be okay.

"Mary Anne. He's dying. You can't change that." There was something in Hunter's words that made me pause.

"But can you?" I turned, standing up while holding on to a tiny ray of hope.

"It won't be easy."

"Do it! Do anything. Please." I fell to my knees in front of him. "Save him. Please. You promised. You promised you'd bring him back."

"And I tried. I brought him back here."

I clasped my hands together. "It doesn't count. You have to save him."

"There's one thing I can do, but it's taking a huge risk. I would be putting my entire pack in jeopardy."

"Do it. I swear I'll be yours. I'll do anything. Please."

"Be careful what you offer."

"I'm serious. Anything." I looked up at him through tear rimmed eyes. Anything was worth saving Gage, no matter the cost.

"It doesn't matter." He shook his head. "I can't do it."

"You can." I grabbed a hold of his legs. "Please. Please." The tears started streaming down my face.

"No one will judge you for it." Marni's voice was strong, assertive. I looked around Hunter's legs to find her. "We'll all understand."

"It's too dangerous."

She shrugged. "And what isn't?"

Hunter kneeled down beside me. His face flashed with indecision.

"Please. I already told you. I'll do anything."

He nodded and put a hand on my shoulder. "Be my mate."

"Your mate?" I knew that term had strong meaning, but I'd have agreed to anything.

"Yes. My mate. You'll belong to me in every way."

"If I promise, will you save him?"

"Yes. In the only way I can."

"And what way is that?" I shivered.

He dodged my question. "He may not appreciate the decision your making."

"Will he be alive?"

"Yes. But he won't be the same."

"What does that mean?"

"I have to change him. I have to make him one of us."

I didn't care whether Gage would agree or not. Life of any sort was better than death. I couldn't lose him. "Do it. It's better than letting him die."

"Stand back."

"No. I need to stay with him."

"Stand back. We're running out of time," Hunter growled. "Marni, hold her. Don't let go."

"Of course." She grabbed my arms. "Are you ready for this Hunter? I know I told you we wouldn't judge, but do you really want to do this?" She was playing the devil's advocate, and I wanted to shake her to tell her to shut up. We were running out of time.

"It's worth it. It's worth it for her." The air buzzed as Hunter turned into a wolf. His wolf eyes locked with mine before he bit down on Gage's neck.

I forced myself to watch as blood oozed out. "Is he hurting him?"

Marni hesitated before responding. "I've never seen this before. Only an Alpha Dire can change someone-it's one of the things that make us different from other shifters. We're the only ones who still have the power."

Hunter released Gage and let out a loud and deep howl.

Gage's body began to convulse, and I cried. I cried for the boy I almost lost, and for the boy I could never have again. I knew I couldn't get out of what I promised Hunter, and I wouldn't try. Not if he saved Gage. Not if he gave him another chance at life.

The minutes passed and with no warning Hunter stepped back and transformed into his human form. I rushed over just in time to watch Gage's eyes open. I moved toward him, but Hunter held me back. I pushed against his arm until Gage stood up and let out a thundering growl. What had we done?

