Gemma

Before I Fell

The water here was cold. It rushed through and around my fingers with eagerness, like it was flowing somewhere important and couldn't be interrupted. The sound it made as it rolled over rocks and against the uneven bank was almost rhythmical, so beautiful that everything else around it grew quiet to leave more room for the song it was singing.

I liked it here.

It seemed that maybe I shouldn't like it as much as I did, especially when I came from such perfection. There was certainly something to be said about perfect because it was, well, perfect. With perfect, you always knew what to expect; each day was bright and full of joy. There were never any tears; there was never any pain.

But lately, I was beginning to realize something else about perfection.

Perfection was sometimes boring.

I wiggled a little on the fallen tree I was lying on and stretched my arm out farther to plunge my entire hand into the hurrying stream. The cool silk of the water wrapped around me, tugged at me, invited me in. A small silvery fish swam near and I held my fingers out, keeping them still as it swam a little closer. It nibbled at my fingertip, testing me out as a snack, and I giggled. The fish darted away, disappearing into the shallow depths of the stream.

I pulled my hand out of the water and rested both arms against the rough bark of the log and looked up. Trees bright with green canopied the water, growing alongside it and sometimes right out of the bank, and arched up and over, creating an almost secret place. Large rocks of all shapes jutted out of the earth and were covered in blankets of soft, green moss and fallen leaves. The sun's warm rays peaked through where they could, lighting up sections of the water, and butterflies flapped their brightly colored wings among the wild flowers that dotted the grass.

This place wasn't perfection. It wasn't heaven, the place I called home, but it was exciting. Everywhere I turned there was something new to see. I never knew what would be different when I came here. Earth was an ever-evolving place that never stayed the same. It was unexpected, and it was never boring.

Perhaps that's why I was still here, delighting in everything this place had to offer instead of going back home, where I belonged. Something in the air shifted and I looked up, craning my neck and allowing my head to fall back. Soft strands of my hair brushed against my back and waist as I looked up to the ledge of the hill that created the secret place I was resting in.

I wasn't alone.

Someone was standing above, towering over this peaceful place, and disrupting it with an uncertain presence. He melded well with the shadows the trees cast, but I was able to make out a strong set of shoulders that tapered down into a narrow waist. He had dark hair-this I could make out because it created even more shadow around him. He shifted and even though I couldn't make out his features, I was sure our eyes locked. I felt like a million bugs were crawling over my skin and I shivered.

A low growl permeated the air, and I thought I caught a flash of something. I sprang off the log, landing on the other side of the stream, and used my wings to shoot myself up the rocky hillside to the top where the man was standing.

But he was no longer there.

The minute I moved he had, too. He took off, fleeing like he was a criminal and I was his jailor. My heart began to pound with a heavy, quick rhythm. When people acted guilty, it's usually because they were. Yes, my assignment was complete, but I couldn't leave this tainted soul here where it could potentially corrupt others. In fact, perhaps it was not a coincidence I'd been delaying getting back to heaven. My Lord worked in mysterious ways, and perhaps today I was given the gift of dalliance so I might catch this man and rid Earth of his vile presence.

Or maybe the large white wings protruding from my back scared him.

I think I would just go with the former. But just in case it was the wings, I quickly folded them against me and called upon the gift of veiling them from site. To my left, I heard a branch snap and I took off, running as stealthily as I could, barely making a sound. He was nowhere to be seen. He seemed to also possess the talent for running through the forest without getting caught.

Something heavy collided with my side and sent me flying to the left. I landed on my back, skidding, churning up the earth, until I finally halted just inches from a tree. I resisted, hating the way my perfect wings were forced into the ground. The person that knocked me down grew still, and my struggles became against myself. Soon, I stopped and raised my eyes, chest heaving.

This wasn't a person. This wasn't the man I searched for. This was a beast.

It possessed fur black as midnight, eyes the color of blood, and long thick whiskers that jutted out from either side of an impressive black snout. I glanced down briefly to one of the massive paws pinning me to the ground. It had claws that would rival the dagger strapped to the inside of my thigh. I lifted my eyes from the sight and looked back at its mean, unforgiving stare.

I watched as a long, pink tongue made its way past heavy jaws to lick its lips as if implying I were its next meal.

I reacted, my hand shooting out and snatching the tongue it taunted me with, and I twisted. The black beast howled in pain and flexed the foot that was still pinning my shoulder. I felt the rip of flesh, but I ignored it. I released the tongue to deliver a quick punch to its jaw, and then I knocked it right in the eye, causing it to stumble backward and off me.

I was on my feet, dagger in hand, in seconds. I didn't wait for an invite. I didn't wait for a challenge. Instead, I lunged just as it was shaking its head, no doubt trying to clear its vision. It turned, catching me with its long whip-like tail, and pulled my feet out from under me. I landed on my butt, the dagger falling out of my grip. I reached for it only to have it kicked away by the creature. With a cry, I lunged, catching it around its neck and slamming it into the dirt. The surprise that flickered through its eyes made me laugh aloud as we rolled across the forest floor, stopping only when we hit a tree. I landed on top and grabbed one of its large ears in each hand and twisted. The animal bayed, eyes flashing red, and he snapped his great jaws, trying to take a bite out of me. I slammed its head into the ground and lunged for the dagger, which was just out of my reach. Finally, I grasped it and rolled, the animal spinning with me, pounding me into the dirt and showing its teeth like it was grinning because I'd finally been caught.

It arched its back and as it moved, its chest came down toward me, and I brought my arm up, ramming the dagger between its ribs. It hunched forward and then went limp as I pushed it off to the side.

I stood up, pulling down the dress I wore, noting the many stains and tears in the fabric. I sensed movement behind me and I spun, looking down at the animal.

And stood there staring in shock.

There was no longer a fur-covered beast with threatening claws and angry eyes before me. No. In its place was a man. A man with short, matted hair and a dirty face.

He had my dagger sticking out of his chest.

Very carefully, I knelt, feeling for a pulse, every muscle in my body taut and ready for another fight. But there was no pulse to be found. There would be no more fighting this day. He was dead. Of course, I'd heard of shifters, of their evil and blood-thirsty nature, but this was the first time I'd ever encountered one.

Is this what the Guardians did when they came to Earth? We all knew they were fighters, we all knew they banished dark and twisted souls from this world, but I guess I'd never really thought about what kind of evil they were banishing. In that moment, I felt very naive and silly. As an angel whose job was merely to spread the kindness and love of God, I'd been ill prepared for this encounter.

Perhaps my procrastination hadn't been the Lord's work. Perhaps this was my punishment. I looked down at the blood on my hands. I never had to kill anything before. Yes, I carried a dagger because Earth was so unpredictable and primal, but I'd certainly never really thought I would have to use it.

I walked back toward the stream, wanting to wash the blood from my skin and yearning the peaceful sound of the water rushing to nowhere. When I made it to the edge of the hill, I looked down. The place I left was unchanged. It hardly seemed fair that it looked exactly the same when I felt irrevocably different.

I used my wings to float down, my bare feet resting on a moss-covered log as I curled the wings in close and veiled them once more. It wouldn't do for someone else to happen upon me and see them.

I stepped toward the water's edge and knelt, allowing the water to caress my fingers before plunging both hands into the icy stream and watching the red completely disappear. There was a splash to my left and I turned my head, expecting to see a jumping fish. It wasn't a fish.

It was a man.

His eyes were locked on mine, and I watched as he set down the fishing pole he'd been holding and walked unsteadily across the stream toward me.

"Are you okay?" the man called as he drew near.

I stood, thinking about fleeing, not wanting any more contact with anyone else. As an angel, my contact with humans was supposed to be limited. Just as I was about to rush away, the man splashed to my side. Droplets of cool water splattered my legs, and I stepped backwards.

"I'm not going to hurt you," he said, holding out his palms and keeping his voice low.

"I'm fine. Thank you for asking," I said, glancing up to the top of the hill. I was so very tempted to release my wings and fly away. Instead, I turned away to walk farther downstream where I'd be out of sight.

"You're bleeding," the man said, catching my wrist and pulling me back around.

I snatched my arm away, rubbing where he touched me. The skin was tingling.

"Your shoulder... Did you fall?" he asked, his eyes affixed to the area he mentioned.

I glanced down at my shoulder and realized I was, in fact, all bloody. Probably from where the beast dug in his claws. A glance closer showed that the wound was already healed, but it was so bloody the man couldn't tell. I realized he was waiting for me to respond so I smiled.

"Yes, I slipped on the rocks, but it looks much worse than it is. I'm fine." God, forgive me for my lie.

"Let me help you," the man offered, pulling off the red plaid shirt he wore unbuttoned over a white T-shirt and holding it out.

I made no move to take it, but I didn't step back either and so he stepped forward to cautiously lay the folded up shirt against my wound. His bare hand wrapped around my shoulder as his other gently pressed the shirt in place. He had rough skin. It brushed over the bareness of my shoulder and reminded me of the bark covering the tree that I'd been lying on moments ago. His hand was warm and large, covering the entire back of my shoulder.

"Does that hurt?" he asked, his voice hushed.

I glanced up at him. Our faces were close and I could see his every detail. He had a slightly crooked nose, a chip in one of his front teeth, and dark stubble lining his jaw. His hair was long and very dark, confined at the nape of his neck by a rubber band, and when he shifted, a thick, wavy strand escaped and fell forward to brush against his cheek.

"Really, I'm fine," I said, and suddenly I felt like the butterflies I was watching earlier somehow made it into the pit of my stomach and were trying to break free. The feeling caused me to step backward, my hand coming up to hold the shirt in place. I wasn't used to feelings like this. Was it normal? I didn't think it was. Usually, my emotions were calm and even. I felt anything but calm at this moment.

"Do you need to go to the doctor? I can take you," he offered.

"No, that isn't necessary. I'll clean this up at home. I should go," I said, stepping away.

This time he made no move to stop me. I resisted the urge to turn and look back because I could feel him watching me. Finally, I made it around a bend in the stream and slipped behind a tree, knowing I was completely out of sight. I unfolded my wings, shaking them out, and lifted myself into the air. I loved the weightlessness, the way my feet touched nothing, how I wasn't anchored to anything except myself and the joy of flying.

I made a wide arc around the stream so the man below wouldn't see me, and then I lowered myself into the forest, close to where I'd been with the shifter. In the shock of what I'd done I left my dagger behind and wanted to collect it before I went home. I walked for what felt like hours, but really it was probably only minutes. Time here on Earth had a way of dragging for me. In heaven, time was irrelevant, unmeasured, and nothing felt like it went on for too long.

I began to wonder if I was in the right place. Nothing looked disturbed and I didn't see the body. But then I came upon the spot where he fell, and there were tracks in the dirt. I followed them, marveling at how far the beast and I had actually rolled. When the marks on the ground stopped, so did I. I looked down, but there was nothing there. So I turned, remembering we had rolled once more, bracing myself for the sight of the body.

But it was a sight I wouldn't see.

I could have told myself I was in the wrong place. But that would have been a lie. There in the grass and curling leaves were spots of blood, blood that was still fresh...

But where was the shifter, and where was my dagger?

Gone.

* * *

Sparkling clear water spouted joyously from the fountain. It rose into the air with great enthusiasm and then gently turned and cascaded back into the round pool, creating a melody all its own. You would think that the rest of the water in the pool would be full of ripples from the gentle splashing, but it wasn't. It was still and calm, so clear it looked like glass, and I would often sit on the edge to peer down at my reflection. I'd always thought I was a little too dark looking to be an angel. My hair was shiny like the sun, but it was dark like the earth. My eyes were clear as crystal, but the color of a storm cloud. I was thin, but my frame wasn't willowy like a flower blowing in the breeze, but strong like a tree that had put down roots.

Sometimes I wondered how I fit in with the other angels, who all seemed lighter, brighter, and more graceful than myself. I once asked my Father about this and where I fit in, and he merely smiled. A feeling of complete and utter belonging flowed into me before he even spoke. "My child, all my creations are beautiful in their own way. Each one of you has something specific and special to offer. Do not doubt my love for all my children or your place among them. If you doubt your place, be utterly certain that in time you will know where it is."

From that day forward I never worried about the way I looked, but lately... actually, since the day I saw the shifter, I'd been worrying about not how I looked, but how I felt. Why was I drawn to Earth? Why did I find its unexpectedness so appealing? In many ways, I felt guilty, like I was betraying heaven, like I was betraying my Father.

I told myself it wasn't true, that my love for my Father was singular and all encompassing. But still, sometimes in the two weeks since I'd left Earth, I found myself thinking of that shifter... and of the man I met by the stream.

I didn't know which one unsettled me more. Surely it should've been the shifter. I mean, a man shifting into a great, hulking beast? That should be no contest to a mere human with a fishing pole. Yet it was his eyes that I sometimes pictured when I closed mine. It was his rough skin that I still felt against the smoothness of mine.

My thoughts were interrupted (thankfully) by someone approaching me from behind. I saw the white blond of his hair reflected in the fountain and then the rest of him slowly revealed the closer he got. He wasn't a huge man, but he wasn't small, either. His muscles were corded and stretched into a long and lean frame. He looked nothing like the wider, bulkier man by the stream. His hair was nearly white, glittering in the perfect sunshine, and there wasn't a strand out of place. It was nothing like the dark mess of waves that absorbed the sunlight and probably had never even seen a comb. The angel smiled at me, his wings were three times the size of him and so brilliant and white that I might've been breathless had I not seen them a hundred times before. You'd think that a man dark as night and wide as a house, who has the misfortune of having no brilliant wings, would never compare. You certainly wouldn't think that his looks would surpass the perfection standing in front of me.

But they did.

"Why so serious?" he asked, grinning, his perfectly straight, blindingly white teeth flashed (no chip in sight).

"Sinead!" I declared and jumped up to give my favorite angel a hug.

"I saw you sitting over here by yourself and wondered what that was all about. Usually, you're off somewhere causing trouble."

"Am not," I said, sticking out my tongue.

He chuckled. "Well, you're certainly never sitting around the reflecting pool... reflecting."

I shrugged and sat down next to him at the edge of the water.

"Tell me what's bothering you."

"My last mission to Earth... I saw something."

"Earth is a primitive place," he said like he had something distasteful in his mouth.

"I think it was a shifter." The words rushed from me before I could stop them.

His eyes grew round and he grabbed my wrist. "A shifter!" he demanded, his eyes narrowing.

I nodded. "I was... I was dallying by a stream after I completed my mission, and I saw a man, so I followed him, thinking there was something off, but he was gone and I was attacked by a giant black beast."

"You were attacked?" he echoed, his skin losing just a bit of its luster.

"I stabbed it with the dagger that you told me to carry, and afterwards it turned into a man..."

"How big was it?"

"Huge."

"Did it speak to you?"

I shook my head. "I thought it was dead."

"You thought?"

I told him about how I went to wash away the blood and realized I'd left my dagger behind. "When I went back, the man and my dagger were gone."

He leapt to his feet. "Shifters are very resilient. Some possess self-healing powers like us. You probably didn't kill it, just wounded it, and then it got up and ran away."

"It's still out there... killing people?" I asked, horrified.

Sinead leaned down and peered into my face. "Gemma, what color were its eyes?"

"Red. They were red."

He shot straight up. "A hound," he murmured.

"A what?"

"You're lucky to be alive."

"I am?"

He glanced back at me, a little sheepish, and smoothed out his already smooth features. "I don't mean to frighten you."

"You're not." After rolling around the forest with this supposed hound and then stabbing it with a dagger, I hardly think sitting beside a fountain, talking about it would scare me.

"Of course not. This is heaven. There's no room for fear here."

I smiled.

"Can you show me where you saw it?" he asked, catching me by surprise.

"Show you?"

"What you are describing is a hellhound. A creature, evil and twisted, that is so depraved that Lucifer himself cast him out of hell. If it is indeed roaming around on Earth, then it's likely leaving behind a trail of blood and destruction. I must find it and kill it."

Sinead was a Guardian, one of the angels who were dispatched to cut down the evil that roamed Earth. If anyone could find and kill the beast, it was him.

"I can show you. I remember exactly where it was."

"We will leave at once," he said, pulling me along with him toward the pass-through to the InBetween.

We weren't in the vast, white space for very long before Airis appeared. She was blond like Sinead, only her hair was more gold than white. She always dressed in white, as most of us did, and I never saw a pair of shoes on her feet. (I never wore shoes either). As a Guide angel, Airis was assigned the task of guiding people who needed assistance on their journey with the Lord, and she also served as the go-between for us and the rest of the world.

Sinead spoke softly but quickly to Airis, explaining the situation and that I was to help lead him to the area. She seemed unsure about allowing me passage at first but bowed her head gracefully when Sinead told her he didn't expect to see the hellhound so there would be no danger to me-a Messenger angel-who wasn't trained in the art of battle.

It seemed to me I held my own the last time I was pitted against a giant threat, but speaking up would be considered disrespectful.

After Airis bid us good luck, we were granted passage and before I knew it, we landed on Earth in Rome, near the Vatican. Even without the Vatican nearby, we would've known instantly where we were. Angels have a sort of built-in compass that allows us to know where we are at all times.

"Where?" Sinead asked.

"Maine, in the Unites States," I replied and held out my hand. "I'll lead the way."

He grasped my hand and within seconds, I flew us to Maine. We landed on the hill above the stream. It was just as magnificent as I remembered, with sunlight filtering through the trees and giving everything beneath a warm sort of glow. I could hear the splashing water in the near distance, and I resisted the urge to go to the ledge and look down.

Sinead glanced at me and I nodded, tugging on his hand in the direction that we needed to go. Then I took off, half running, half flying through the forest. When we reached the area where I fought with the shifter, I stopped, veiled my wings (for precaution), and tiptoed through the leaves.

Sinead laughed lightly and I looked at him. He was watching me. "You hardly make a sound. I don't think there's any need for tiptoeing."

I grinned but continued the movement. I'd never helped track a hellhound (or anything) before and it seemed that it called for sneaking silence.

Sinead shook his head and then seemed to completely forget I was there as he took in all of our surroundings. He breathed deep and studied things like tree bark and the dirt underfoot with great attention to detail. When he came to the spot where I was almost sure I'd stabbed the shifter, his eyes rounded just a bit and he looked at me.

"Here?"

I nodded, chewing my lip as I watched him, wondering what he saw that I clearly did not. I gave up trying and took a seat nearby on a fallen tree. A few long moments went by and then suddenly Sinead's head whipped up and he spun toward me.

"Get out of here!" he said urgently.

I scrambled to my feet. "What is it?"

"The hound-it's nearby."

"I can help you," I argued, looking around, but it was nowhere in sight.

"Go, you'll only distract me. I'll find you when it's dead."

I used my wings to carry me just slightly into the air, about seven feet off the ground, and took off in the direction that Sinead signaled I go. He must have some kind of sense to tell him which direction the beast was coming from. I didn't dare go any higher in the air for fear that something on the ground would see me.

When I came close to the ridge of the hill, I lowered my feet to the ground and stopped. I listened for long moments, wondering about my friend but hearing no signs of a battle or even a scuffle. Sinead was a Guardian; this was his job. I had every confidence he could take care of himself so my worrying would be for nothing.

The urge to go look over, down toward the water, was very strong. It wasn't because of the stream, though. It was because of him. I knew he wouldn't be here. The fact that he had the last time was only a fluke. I went over to the ledge anyway, veiling my wings as a precaution, and peered down into the ravine.

He wasn't there.

No one was there and so I stepped off the edge and floated down, my feet landing on a rock that the active stream splashed up over. I smiled when the icy droplets hit my toes. I knelt down, letting my fingertips trail in the water.

"Where are you rushing off to today?" I asked. Of course it didn't answer, but a small swell of water lapped up over my palm and I smiled.

A branch snapped on the other side of the stream and I looked up sharply, half expecting to see a snarling black monster with red eyes.

It wasn't a monster.

He was standing just inside the trees, wearing the same pair of jeans from before and a gray T-shirt. This time his hair wasn't confined and it fell around his jaw and neck in dark, mysterious waves. I stood, smoothing out the white dress I wore as we stared at each other for long moments.

I felt as if there was some kind of invisible string that stretched between our bodies and it was humming, trying to tug us closer together.

Then he lifted his hand in a wave and the feeling of the string disappeared. As I waved, he moved forward, nimbly navigating some large rocks scattered through the stream until he landed on the same side of the water as me.

I turned toward him as he came closer, a smile on his face. He still hadn't shaved and his tooth was still chipped. I tried to tell myself that these things were clear evidence that proved he wasn't nearly as beautiful as Sinead, but the case was lost. The pure fact of it was that he was beautiful.

Imperfectly perfect.

"I wondered if you would come back," he said in that less-than-smooth voice.

"You did?"

He nodded. "I've come here every day for the past two weeks, hoping you'd be here too."

I didn't know what to say to that. Why would he do that? "But why?" I asked, before I could stop myself.

He laughed. "You left an impression on me."

"Aren't you fishing today?" I asked, looking for his pole.

He shook his head. "How do you hide them?" he asked.

"Hide what?" I responded, the change of topic confusing me.

"Your wings."

I glanced behind me without thinking to make sure that the veil I put on them had actually worked. My wings were hidden.

"My wings?" I asked like I had no clue what he meant.

"I saw them last time. Then they disappeared. I thought I'd been seeing things, but just now, you floated down from up there." He motioned to the top of the ravine. "I didn't see your wings, but I know they must be there."

"You're not afraid?"

He shook his head. "I could never be afraid of such a beautiful creature. Are you an angel?"

"Yes," I told him. We weren't supposed to interact with humans. We weren't assigned to, but we weren't supposed to lie either. "Please don't tell anyone you saw me here."

He nodded. "What's your name?"

"Gemma," I said and then I heard Sinead calling for me. "I have to go."

"Wait," he said, reaching out to grasp my hand. I looked down at where he held me and I watched, fascinated, as his thumb rubbed over the back of my hand. The texture of his skin was thrilling. "My name is Callum."

"Callum," I said, trying it out on my tongue.

"It sounds like a song when you say it."

"I have to go," I said again, knowing Sinead would be worried if he couldn't find me right away.

Callum released me, and I flew up to the top of the ravine. Before trying to find Sinead, I looked over my shoulder. He was still there, looking up at me.

Something felt funny in my stomach and so I rushed off, already wondering when I would be able to see him again.

* * *

I waited to ask any questions until we made it past Airis, through the InBetween, and were welcomed back into heaven's grace. "What happened?" I demanded of Sinead the minute we weren't in earshot of anyone else.

"It must have been hanging out there in the woods. Perhaps it was hoping you would come back so it could get even for the dagger wound."

"So it was a hellhound?"

He nodded. "First one I've seen in years."

"How do you know it was the same one I saw?"

"They don't run in packs like other shifters, and they're fairly rare. I highly doubt there would be two in the same area at the same time."

I nodded, not totally convinced, but unwilling to challenge his knowledge and the training he went through over the course of many years.

Sinead stopped walking and turned to face me. "Don't worry about this. I killed it. It's dead."

"You're sure?" I asked, thinking I'd thought it was dead, too.

"Absolutely." He smiled a blinding bright smile and it melted away all doubt in my mind. "Let's go get something to eat. Our trip made me hungry!"

He didn't bring it up again after that. It was like it was completely gone from his mind. But for me, it was something I wasn't able to forget.

After that, I met Callum in secret. Secret, meaning I told no one that I was meeting with a human after every assignment I had on earth. Callum also promised to tell no one, and for several months I would complete my assignments and then rush to the stream, hoping he would be there. And he always was.

At first, I only went because I was curious about the way I felt when I was with him. Like I was teetering on a cliff, only I didn't have my wings. It was slightly terrifying but also thrilling. I wasn't used to feeling that rush of emotions. I was used to a level head and level sentiments.

But then I realized curiosity wasn't what kept me coming back.

He was sitting at the water's edge, his scuffed-up jeans rolled up around his calves and his feet submerged in the stream. He had his hair back in a low ponytail at the base of his neck, and he wasn't wearing a shirt. Instead, he had it tossed over one of his shoulders. I landed on the opposite side of the stream, my feet making a light splash in the water, and he looked up.

Surprise flickered in his eyes and he smiled, his grin stretching out across his face. He stood up as I flew myself over the water, closing the distance between us and hovering just over the ground so we were eye to eye.

"You're not hiding your wings," he said, his voice hushed.

"I figured after all this time, hiding wasn't necessary."

"They're beautiful." His eyes swept over them and I could see the pleasure in his face. It gave me a warm tingling feeling across my entire body. "So soft looking, but strong, you know?"

"Kind of like you," I said shyly.

He laughed. It was an abrupt sound, kind of like a bark. "I look soft?"

I couldn't help but glance at the muscles in his chest. It certainly wasn't the first time I'd seen a man without his shirt-the angels preferred little clothing-but it was the first time I'd seen him without one. He wasn't smooth and white like the angels. Instead, his skin was golden, like the sun was shining directly on it, and he had dark hair growing out of his chest that was curly and looked rough to the touch.

I cleared my throat and looked up from the hard expanse of his torso. He watched me with an amused expression on his face. "You don't look soft... but I happen to know that what's in here"-I reached out and laid my palm right over his heart-"is."

He stilled and scarcely moved except to glance down at where I was touching him. Thinking I'd done something wrong, I moved to pull away my hand, but he covered it with his own, pressing it firmly in place.

I'd been right; the hair on his chest was rough.

But I liked the way it felt against my skin.

"You never touch me," he rasped, wrapping his hand around mine.

"I've wanted to," I confided. Oh, how I had longed to see if he felt the same way he looked. I always wondered if he would be full of textures and whether his skin would be warm to the touch or cool like mine.

It was more than I thought it would be.

"I've wanted you to." As the words left his lips, he slid his hand up to my wrist and tugged me a little closer. He reached out and ran his fingers over my hair and then trailed his thumb down my cheek. It's a good thing I didn't really need to breathe because I would have passed out from lack of oxygen.

When his thumb trailed down along the underside of my bottom lip and then up over it, something tightened within me and a sharp feeling exploded in my chest.

He moved in closer, shifting his body so he was all I saw. There was only him and nothing else. He kept coming, closer... closer still, until his lips were so close to mine that I could practically taste them.

I jerked back. I might have fallen if he hadn't caught me.

I suddenly recognized that feeling in my chest.

I snatched my arm away and flew up, out of his reach. "I have to go. I'm sorry."

"Gemma, wait!" he called, but I didn't turn back. I flew up into the sky as high as I could, past the clouds, until there was nothing but a sea of cerulean.

Longing. I felt longing. I wanted him to touch me and I wanted him to kiss me. My heart still thundered from what almost happened. He was a human. It was wrong.

It was forbidden.

All these months I told myself I hadn't been doing anything wrong. I told myself I only liked him because he was different from anything I'd ever known before.

I'd been lying to myself.

I might have been curious about Callum in the beginning, but now... now it was something else. Something more.

It felt a lot like love.

* * *

I stayed away for a month and, for the only time in my life, I felt sick. How could I have allowed this to happen? When had my feelings for Callum grown and why hadn't I stopped it?

Yet, even through all my disgust with myself, deep down there was still part of me that sometimes whispered, What's so wrong with loving him? He was a good man, a decent man. And more importantly, loving him didn't take away any of the love I felt for my Father. If anything, I appreciated his creation even more. He was the one who created Callum, a man so incredible that even I, an angel who thought she was incapable of loving anyone but God himself, had come to develop feelings for him.

I spent the entire month wrestling with myself, with that small voice inside of me that refused to quiet.

But nothing could change the fact that an angel and a human together was forbidden.

It was wrong to continue seeing Callum when nothing could come of our relationship. The very next day I received a new assignment which I completed and then took myself to Maine. I didn't expect to see him waiting, I figured after all this time he would have given up.

He was there.

When he saw me he did a double take and when I didn't disappear, he jumped to his feet and ran through the water, splashing everything around him and drenching his clothes. "I didn't think I'd ever see you again."

"Yet here you sit."

He smiled, the chip in his tooth charming me. "I don't give up that easily."

He reached for my hand, but I stepped away. "I only came to tell you I would not be back. I didn't want you to wonder..."

"What do you mean you won't be back?" he asked, his eyes narrowing.

"This..." I pointed at the air between us. "I never should've allowed our friendship. Angels are not supposed to interact with humans the way you and I have."

"So all I am to you is a friend?" he asked, a hint of anger in his voice.

I didn't know what to say to that. It seemed whatever I said wouldn't be what he wanted to hear. "I have to go."

My wings moved, lifting me up to carry me away, when he caught my ankle and pulled me back down as if I were a balloon trying to catch a breeze and float away.

I stared at him as my ankle became my calf and then my calf became my thigh as he pulled me down farther until he released my leg altogether so he could capture my waist within his grasp and pull me within mere centimeters. In fact, I was certain if I took a deep breath, the expansion of my chest would fill the little space left between us.

"You never asked me how I feel," he said, his voice low.

"That's because it doesn't matter." I wasn't trying to be cruel. I was trying to tell the truth.

"So, knowing the reason I come here every single day, the reason I wait and wait for just a glimpse of you, doesn't matter."

"It does matter; it just doesn't change anything."

"That's funny because loving you changed my whole life."

No one had ever told me they loved me before, except for my Father, my creator. God loved everyone. His capacity for love was unmatched. Humans were a kind capable of love, but not with the same volume as God. So when Callum said he loved me, I knew I was probably one of very few that had made it into his heart. It made me feel special. It made me want to stay.

Yet, still, I could not.

"Callum," I began, and his fingers bit into the fabric at my waist as he tilted his head lower to hear whatever I was about to say.

But I never got the chance to say it.

We were ambushed, front and back, by two angels with great wings. They were both wearing only black pants and their hair was blond and messy. But none of that would've been alarming.

What was alarming was the color of their wings.

Black as night, dirty as coal.

They were fallen.

Up until this moment I had no idea fallen angels walked the earth, and I gasped.

The one behind Callum, the one I could see, smiled, though it was more like a snarl. "Well, what do we have here? An angel and a human?"

Callum thrust me behind him, turning so he could see them both.

"How are you here?" I asked them. "I thought the fallen were banished to hell."

The one on my left laughed. "We're on a field trip."

"What do you want?"

"Fun, power, revenge," sang the one to my right. "Take your pick."

"You won't find any of that here," Callum spat.

"On the contrary, I think we just found all three."

"Get out of here," Callum said, not looking at me. "Run!"

I shot up into the air above everyone's head as Callum lunged at one of the fallen. He tried to punch him, but the dark angel only blocked the hit and delivered a well-placed blow of his own. Callum fell back onto the ground.

"No!" I cried, grabbing a nearby rock off the side of the hill and throwing it at the angel who punched him.

He caught it and crushed it in his hand.

"Go," Callum yelled at me, back on his feet and lunging for the dark angel again.

The other one had been watching until this point, but he flew up into the air toward me. I spun around, dashing to get away, but he caught hold of my wing and twisted, causing me to call out in pain. I heard Callum yell and then the sickening sound of pounding flesh.

I was yanked cruelly back onto the ground where I saw several white feathers coming to rest. My feathers. They'd been ripped from my wings. I wanted to weep at the damage.

With a cry, I threw myself at the one who'd wrenched me from the sky, hoping to inflict some pain, but it was useless. He was twice my size and he had cruelty on his side. He grabbed me, spun my body around so he was holding me like a shield, and forced me to watch as his friend hit Callum time and time again.

Despair unlike anything I've ever known filled me until I was almost blind. This was my fault. All my fault. I didn't follow the laws and for that Callum would pay.

"Please." I choked. "Please don't hurt him."

The dark one holding me laughed. "You hear that? The human's pain upsets her."

The one fighting Callum answered with another blow. He was bleeding. Red rivulets flowed over his skin and dripped off his chin. His hair had escaped the band and fell all around his face, matted with sweat. To his credit, he never stayed down. He always got back up and kept swinging, only to be swatted away like a fly.

"Please." I tried again. "Take me. Take me and leave him."

Both the fallen stopped and looked at each other. "What an interesting idea," said the one holding me.

"No!" Callum shouted, throwing another punch-that was ignored.

"I'm amazed any angel would care so much for a human," one said with a twisted grin on his face.

"Yes, well, her wings are still white. That means she's worth something."

"True." The other mused. "All right, then, we will leave your human. What a clever idea."

I was snatched off my feet and carried into the air, the other fallen rising with us so I was flanked on either side by black wings.

On the ground, Callum raged. "No! Come back! You cowards!"

The fallen only laughed as they hauled me away, not even once allowing me to look back.

* * *

I didn't see the sun for days. Its absence filled me with such intense despair. Angels weren't used to darkness; we took joy in the light. We didn't like the cold, but reveled in the warmth.

The black wings stuck me in a tiny room with only four walls and a door. No one spoke to me; no one came to make sure I was still alive.

I wondered about Callum constantly. How badly he was injured. If he managed to get out of there before the fallen came back and hurt him more. I shied away from the thought of him being dead because even just the briefest flicker of that thought threatened to send me into a pit of anguish.

This was my punishment for my sin. I never should have went back to tell Callum good-bye. I should've allowed him to come to the realization that I was never coming back, and he eventually would've stopped waiting.

I wondered if Sinead was looking for me, if anyone cared that I was gone. Or if they were told I was no longer one of them and I was to be left to suffer for my offense.

Then through the thick walls of my cage came a rumble. It began in the ground and erupted into the air. Accompanying it was the sound of screams, the sound of shouting and fighting. I didn't know what was going on. It had been completely quiet until now.

And through all the chaos, another sound erupted.

A roar.

It went on for moments or hours. I didn't know. I sat there and waited. I listened until a hushed silence fell around the space in which I was trapped.

I think the silence was more frightening than the noise.

But it didn't stay silent for long because the door to my four-walled prison was ripped away and tossed aside like it weighed nothing at all. I expected to be grabbed, to be hauled outside where something horrible would ensue.

When nothing happened, I looked toward the door and was met by a pair of glowing silver eyes. So silver, in fact, they reminded me of the time I flew beyond the earth to see the moon. The moon really wasn't yellow. It was a glittering bright silver that was so clear I was sure there were spots I could've seen right through if I tried.

I stared so intently at those eyes (they seemed so familiar) that I didn't notice the body they were attached to until it was right upon me.

It was the body of a beast.

The body of a hellhound.

I screamed then, and the thing growled, cutting off my sound and reaching down with its great jaws to take my torn and tattered dress in its mouth. I expected it to yank, to roughly rip the fabric away, but instead, I was gently tugged, almost as if I were being asked to move forward.

So I did.

Staying in this box wasn't preferable, and I figured that outside I would have a greater chance to get away. It was nighttime, the only light coming from the stars overhead, but it didn't matter. Angels had impeccable vision.

Once we were clear of the room, I saw it was really just a sturdy shack. The animal released me and sat back, staring at me as if waiting for instruction.

Tentatively, I took a step back. The beast did nothing. I took another and another until I noticed there was something incredibly soft underfoot. I looked down. Black feathers were scattered about, creating a carpet over the grass, making the night appear even darker than it really was.

These were feathers from the fallen.

I looked back at the beast, who was still watching me, and a flash of angry silver shot through his eyes.

I turned and ran. I ran so fast my feet barely touched the ground, and just as I was about to spread my wings and soar, I was grabbed from behind. I stumbled and fell. Something hard landed on top of me. All the air went out of my lungs with a great whooshing sound, and then I looked up.

Callum was the last person I expected to see.

But he was there-messy hair, scruffy face, and chipped tooth.

I gave a cry of relief and wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him completely against me. He was alive! I heard him chuckle into my hair and it made me smile. It was a sound I never thought I would hear again, and I hadn't realized just how truly depressing that had been. But my relief was short-lived and I gasped.

"We have to run!" I exclaimed, pushing against him. "There's a beast!"

He untangled himself just a little so he could stare down at me, brushing a few strands of my hair away from my face. I smiled, pushing my cheek against his hand. "We're safe now," he murmured.

And then he kissed me.

The feel of his lips against mine was overwhelming. It was all-encompassing and it was everything I never knew I was missing.

Is this what it's like to truly feel?

It was a rollercoaster of emotion, most of it awful... but then there were moments like this, moments that made an angel wonder what else she'd been missing her entire existence.

Without thinking, my wings shifted, wrapping around us both, closing us in and blocking out everything that surrounded us.

He pulled back sooner than I would've liked to smile down into my face. "I'm so glad you're okay."

"How did you find me?" I asked, confusion clouding my euphoric feelings.

He didn't speak, but his eyes flashed silver.

I gasped. "No," I denied, shaking my head.

"I can explain," he started, and I gasped again, pounding on his shoulders for him to let me up. He moved and I stood, shock spearing through my entire body.

"What have you done?" I cried.

"I didn't have the strength to keep them from taking you," he said. "So I went and got the strength to get you back."

"By becoming a beast!?" I yelled.

"By becoming something more than human, something that existed in your world."

"In my world?" I said, horror dawning through me.

"Now nothing can keep us apart."

I laughed, but it wasn't a pleasant sound. "Hellhounds are not part of my world. They are prey for my kind."

"Hellhound?"

"That's what you are, is it not?"

"I was told I was a hound. There was no mention of hell."

"You're a fool!" I snapped. "Whoever made you into this was not someone of God; that I can assure you. What did you promise in exchange?"

"What I promised doesn't matter," he argued. "What matters is that you're safe."

"You shouldn't have come for me. The loss of your humanity wasn't worth this."

He rushed toward me, grabbing my hand and shoving it against his chest. "I'm still the same man. Look at me. Feel me."

Indeed, I felt the steady beating of his heart. He did look the same. He did sound the same. But deep down I knew the changes within him couldn't be seen. They were lurking within his very soul.

"You don't understand," I whispered. "Hellhounds are evil. They kill. They are a creation of Lucifer himself. You have turned yourself into something that is the complete opposite of what my kind stand for."

His heart skipped a beat.

I slid my hand out from beneath his and used it to brush away a tear trailing down my cheek.

"No," he denied, shaking his head. "I'm not evil."

"How many did you kill tonight, Callum?" I asked, looking once more at the thousands of feathers lying around us.

"I only did that because of what they did to you," he said, hard. "They deserved it."

"That wasn't for you to decide! You do not get to choose who lives and dies!"

"I do when it comes to you."

I shook my head, unable to say another word. I did this-me and me alone. What would become of him now?

I looked back at Callum, standing there with this look on his face... this look of utter isolation... this sense of realization, as if what he'd done was just now sinking in. "Gemma..." he said, voice cracking before completely falling away.

I went to him, closed the distance between us, and took his face between my hands. "It doesn't matter," I said passionately. "This doesn't have to damn you. What you did... you changed... out of love, not out of darkness. That is what will save you. That is what will save us."

"Us?" he asked.

I nodded. "I'm going to help you. I won't leave you like this."

He pushed my hands away. "I don't want you because you pity me... out of some sense of warped responsibility."

"That isn't what this is," I denied.

"Then what is it?" he demanded, almost daring me to respond.

I guess this is where I made my final choice. This is where the two parts of me that were torn mended together and created the rest of my eternity.

"Love," I whispered, clearing my throat. Then, louder, I repeated, "Love. I'm with you out of love."

His eyes did that flashing thing again, which was actually kind of unsettling, but then he scooped me up and pressed me against him, practically squeezing all the air from my lungs. He felt the same as he always had. We were going to be okay.

Someone made a slight sound behind us and we spun, Callum stepping in front of me, blocking my body from sight. But whatever he saw must not have threatened him because while his shoulders remained tense, there was no sense of alarm anywhere about him.

"Hello, Gemma," said a familiar voice.

I stepped around Callum to see Airis watching us. "Airis," I said. "What are you doing here?"

But I already knew. Moments ago I'd made my choice and now it was about to become official.

"I've come to collect your wings."

Shock harpooned through me. "You're going to take my wings?" I thought they'd merely turn black, that their brilliant white would fall prey to shade.

"What? No!" Callum said, holding out his hand to keep me from going any farther.

Airis glanced at him with barely concealed dislike. "Did you think she would be allowed to keep her wings? Her status? You have damned her to the same kind of existence as those black wings you just murdered."

He recoiled from her words, from the truth behind them.

"I don't understand, Airis. Won't I become a fallen?"

"Yes. You have already taken on the status of fallen."

I glanced behind me. "But my wings are still white."

"Instead of turning into a black wing and being banished to hell, you are being stripped of your wings, of many of your powers, and will be left to spend your eternity here on earth."

Callum made a sound, but I didn't look at him. This wasn't about him. It was about me and the choices that led me here. It really was more than I thought I would get. In fact, I was confused. I'd never heard of an angel being stripped of his wings and being left on earth.

Airis continued to speak as I worked it all out in my mind. "You will no longer be allowed access to heaven, to the InBetween, or to God. You have betrayed him. You, an angel, were supposed to love him and only him, hold him in your highest esteem." She glanced at Callum before looking back at me. "But you allowed another into your heart. Another who has made a deal with hell, a deal with darkness."

"He did it only to save me." I pleaded, not wanting her to think badly of Callum.

"If you had followed the commands of our Father, then he wouldn't have done it at all."

My shoulders slumped because she was right. Airis approached me, and Callum took a step forward, but I held up my hand. "Stay back," I told him. "This must be done."

I didn't think he would listen, but he moved no farther and I turned back to Airis. She lifted her hands, creating a ball of intense, bright light in her palms and then threw it at me. It hit me in the chest. The impact swayed me on my feet and then a searing heat jolted me and I fell to my knees.

The pain was intense, unlike anything I'd ever felt before, and as I knelt on the ground, hunched in pain, my wings began to die. The soft, downy feathers began to shrivel, to curl into themselves. The luminous color faded until they were no longer white, but sickly and old. And then like a tree in late winter shedding its leaves, they began to fall. They floated toward the ground with exaggerated slowness, drawing out my pain as I watched the things I loved most about myself be taken away.

I sat there on the ground, silently crying long after the light had faded and the physical pain had stopped. I tried to comprehend the emptiness inside me and the way the air pressed in on my empty back. They were gone. I would never know what it was to fly again. I would never feel the rush of the wind, the freedom of the open air against my skin, for the rest of my entire endless existence.

Finally, I looked up. Airis was still there, but she turned to walk away.

"I still love him, you know," I said, my voice rougher than ever before.

She stopped and turned back. "I know. It is why you have not been banned to hell, but confined to the earth. You committed a crime. But the crime was committed out of love. Father knows you still love him, Gemma. You just don't love him enough."

She disappeared then. I knew I would never see her again.

Callum wrapped his arms around me and lifted me from the ground, cradling me against his chest. I imagined I must have felt awfully light without my wings.

"They punished you for loving me." His voice was raw.

No. They punished me for not loving God enough. "It could have been worse," I said, realizing I was lucky to not be sentenced to a life in hell. It was proof that God, my Father, was a forgiving being.

If I couldn't love him from heaven, then I would continue to do so from Earth.

"How? How could things have been worse?"

"They could have taken my wings and you away."

His hold on me tightened. "I'm not going anywhere.

I laid my head against his chest as he walked away from the place where I fell. Considering this primitive, raw place was now my home, I was more than relieved to hear him say that.

After I Fell

Six months. That's how long we had together. In those six months I learned a lot about human emotion and how to live somewhere that was a far cry from perfection. Callum built us a cottage in the woods, near the stream where we met. My favorite thing to do was soak my feet in the water, as I often did, sometimes for hours at a time when Callum was at work or off spending time with the son I hadn't known he had.

Learning to live without my wings was something I wasn't sure I would ever get used to. Perhaps after many, many years they would only be a memory, but even when I told myself that, something inside me whispered that I would never really forget.

For the most part, we were happy. It wasn't the blissful, all-encompassing happiness that I knew only existed in heaven. It had its ups and downs, its smiles and frowns. Callum was a man of many moods. I knew most of that was because of the beast. His emotions seemed to run hot and cold and he would fight them, doing his best to battle the side of him he wasn't quite sure how to control.

That first month was the hardest because he walked around in fear. Fear that he would lose control and hurt someone, hurt me. I knew he wouldn't. There was too much goodness in him, and the more time that passed the more he began to believe it too.

We laughed a lot, kissed a lot, and ate a lot. Earth was home to more tastes than I ever imagined and learning about them all was an adventure.

I hadn't seen Callum in almost two days when he pulled into the yard, cutting the engine of the motorcycle that he drove. I was hanging clothes on a line he'd strung between the trees and I dropped what I was holding and ran to meet him. He smiled and kissed me as he always did, but I saw something brewing in his eyes. The beast was close to the surface and it made me afraid.

"Is everything okay, Callum?" I asked, wondering what could've changed since the last time I saw him, when he was happy and relaxed.

"Nothing for you to worry about," he said, setting me away from him.

I went back to the laundry and he went inside to change. I was humming my favorite hymn when I heard him yelling from inside the house, calling my name. I turned just as he burst through the door, racing toward me, fear on his face.

"What's the matter?"

"Get in the house. Lock yourself in,"

A voice from behind, someone concealed by the sheet hanging on the line, spoke up. "You think those walls will keep me out?"

I turned, yanking the sheet down to reveal a man with dark hair and brown eyes. He had cruelty written on his features.

"No. But I sure as hell will." Callum snarled.

Who was this man? Callum seemed to know him, but it didn't seem to be a pleasant acquaintance. I watched his body shake and quiver just like it always did before he shifted, but instead of shedding his skin and sprouting fur, he fell to his knees and let out a cry.

"I prefer you in your human form," the man said, holding up some kind of amulet.

"What is that?" I asked.

"Get in the house, Gemma," Callum ordered again, but his voice was strained and weak.

From out of the trees three others materialized. They weren't human. From the grossly formed faces, disfigured bodies, and empty eyes, I knew these were the demons I'd heard Sinead mention a few times before. I looked back at the man holding the amulet. He smiled and my skin crawled.

I ran toward the house, but I felt the pull of invisible ropes as they wrapped themselves around me, tugged, and then suspended me just above the ground.

"She isn't part of this," Callum said as he struggled to his feet.

"Perhaps not, but this way she can see what happens when you fail to fulfill a deal that is signed in blood."

"What is he talking about, Callum?" I asked.

He looked at me, guilt marring his features. "I'm sorry."

"Sorry for what?" I asked, fear beginning to claw at the back of my throat.

"For everything," he said as sweat dripped down his face. His skin was pale and he swayed on his feet. That amulet had to be the cause of his weakened state.

"Allow me to explain," said the man with the dark hair. "This man here made a deal. In exchange for his hellhound status, he would indebt himself and future hounds in his lineage to me. He would be there when I called."

I glanced at Callum, trying to catch his eye, but he wouldn't look at me.

"But I have called twice now. And twice he has refused me."

"That wasn't a deal," Callum spat. "It was a curse!"

"We can work this-" I began, but he held up his hand to say, "No. There is no working anything out. That wasn't the deal."

I began to struggle against the invisible binds that held me. To try and break free. To be a participant instead of a victim.

There was no escape.

"Run, Callum. Run," I told him, pleading with him to go.

He shook his head. "I'm not leaving you here."

I didn't have time to argue because the demons pounced. They jumped him from all sides. He did his best to fight them off, but there were three of them and only one of him-and he wasn't able to shift, the one thing that would save his life.

I had to watch, in horror, as he was overcome by the demons, pushed to the ground, and I could see nothing but a pile of bodies and hear the sickening thud of flesh.

After a few moments a scarlet trail of blood began to run. It slid from beneath the pile of bodies and crept toward me, telling me everything I needed to know.

The demons stood, looking satisfied and vile. The man stuffed the amulet in his pocket and turned to walk away, calling after the creatures who did his dirty work. When they were almost out of sight, the binds that held me released and I was dropped onto the ground like a sack of flour. I scrambled on all fours toward Callum, who lay in the grass unmoving and bent at odd angles.

"Callum!" I cried, reaching him, grabbing his face and turning his head in my direction. He was covered in blood and it was impossible to tell what injuries were the worst. I didn't bother to try to decide.

Instead, I raised my hands above his body, palms down, and reached inside me, calling on one of the powers that hadn't been stripped away. I healed him for hours, stopping only when I collapsed. I poured out every last shred of effort I had, letting it flow over and around him.

I woke in the dark, lying across his chest, sticky with his blood. "Callum?" I said softly, leaning over him, waiting to see the fluttering of his eyes.

His eyes didn't move. His skin was cold and his lips were blue.

I learned another hard lesson that night in the woods.

You cannot heal those who are already dead.

And so I buried him. It took me a full day to dig a hole big enough to fit him. I positioned it near the stream, but beneath the trees. I planted some wildflowers over the freshly turned earth and I mourned. I grieved so long that I began to use that grief to build a wall around myself so I would never know pain like this again.

I had lost everything.

The only thing I had left was my never-fading love for God (yes, even now) and my existence.

I understood the feeling of weakness that had driven Callum to make the deal in order to save me because I now felt it too. I'd been too weak to save him. I had to stand by and watch as someone stole his life.

And like Callum, I wanted to find the strength to save him. But it was too late. But those who took away his life still roamed this world. There was, no doubt, evil lurking in the shadows right this very minute, waiting to pounce on some innocent somewhere.

Yes, I wanted strength. But unlike Callum, I wasn't going to bargain for it. I was going to earn it. I was going to train, I was going to learn, and I was going to hunt down Sinead and force him to teach me the Guardian ways.

I might be forced to walk this earth alone forever, but I was damn sure gonna kick some ass in the meantime.

Present Day

I didn't like when the season's changed. I used to. Years ago when I first fell, the rotating weather was exciting. Each time Mother Nature gave birth to a new season, it brought with it something beautiful, from joyful flowers pushing through the earth to trees becoming a kaleidoscope of colors or snow blanketing the world in white. I still thought the changing seasons were beautiful, but they were also inconvenient. Like right now.

I was sitting on the roof's ledge, ignoring the way the chill in the wind made my muscles tense and my fingertips sting. Never before had I stayed this long in one place. The longest I ever remained anywhere was ten days, and it had been warm there. Usually, at the first sign of cold weather, I would leave, simply go where the air was warm and the sky stayed blue. It certainly made sleeping outside much more comfortable. But here I was, sitting on this rooftop, looking out over trees that would soon be bare and likely covered with snow. Sleeping in a tree without the concealment and protection of the leaves wasn't ideal, but it also wasn't impossible. I'd done it before. But, sleeping in a bare tree that was also covered in snow? Not going to happen. I shivered just thinking about it.

For a moment I let myself think about heaven and how warm it always was. There was never a time when you didn't feel wrapped in comfort and warmth. After all these years, I still remembered the way it felt to be there. I didn't think I would ever forget. Heaven was a place that was sacred. I'd been created there. It was part of me-a part I liked to keep buried deep within me. It wasn't because I was ashamed. Ashamed that I fell, that I betrayed who I was supposed to be. No, it was because it was private. Heaven was a place that only those who lived there could understand just how wholly wonderful it really was. It was a reward, a reward for a life well lived, for those who truly believed in its existence.

I missed it there.

It was a thought I very seldom allowed myself. But I guess sitting here in the dark with the air nipping at my cheeks, I was having a moment of weakness. Yes, definitely that, because I also shouldn't be here at all. I should be out looking for someone to help, for some good that needed done.

I certainly shouldn't be sitting on the roof that belonged to the man I was supposed to be letting go.

I stood, rubbing my hands together, and peered down into the yard below, ready to jump. But the sound of a window opening to my right stopped me. I glanced over and something in my chest squeezed when Cole stuck his head out of the dark space.

"Gemma? What are you doing out there?"

I didn't say anything. I was afraid to. I was afraid if I opened my mouth, then all the feelings that were swimming around inside me would escape and once the truth was out, it would change everything.

"Come in here," he said, ignoring my silence and pushing the window up a little wider, stepping back to make room for me.

I glanced back down into the yard. I should go. I was just going to. Before I saw him.

I looked back at the window, where I could make out his waiting shape in the shadows. I don't know why he was standing in the dark, and I didn't bother to ask him. Instead, I made my way along the roof line, until his window was directly below me. It wasn't hard to hang from the roof's edge by my hands and swing myself inside. I'd done it more times than I probably should have.

I landed softly, with a barely noticeable thump, just inside the room, with my back to him and his window. I didn't turn around right away. Instead, I stood there listening to the sound of him sliding the window closed, trying to come up with a reason I'd been sitting on his rooftop in the first place.

"It's not summer anymore," he said quietly. "Are you cold?"

I glanced at his bed. Memories of the night he pulled me into it with him speared through my brain. The way his hands had felt on me was practically sinful, and God help me, I loved every single second of it. I loved it so much it scared me. Cole was off-limits. Why couldn't I seem to remember that?

"Hey," he said from right next to me. I felt his fingers wrap around my elbow and my eyes closed. "Is everything okay? My sister..."

I turned to face him, my movement breaking the hold he had on my arm. "Heven is fine. As far as I know, everything's fine."

He nodded. Then I saw the white of his teeth against the dark. "So you're here because you missed me?"

Yes. More than anything. "What are you doing sitting around in the dark?"

"Did you think I wasn't home?" He grinned again.

Actually, that's exactly what I thought. "I think it's creepy that you sit around in the dark."

He laughed. "I wasn't sitting around in the dark. I was downstairs, and I just walked in here when I saw some movement out the window." He moved away toward the table by the bed and switched on a lamp, flooding the room with light. I blinked against the brightness as he walked toward his dresser that was sitting against the far wall and picked up a navy blue mug and brought it over, holding it out.

"What's this?" I asked, the scent of chocolate already wafting toward me.

"Cocoa," he replied. "Your cheeks are pink from the cold. Looks like you could use this."

It smelled so good so I reached out and took it. When my fingers brushed his, my throat suddenly felt as if I swallowed dust. I lifted the mug to my lips, drinking some of the liquid. It was rich and hot and the dryness in my throat absorbed the treat like a bone-dry sponge. I looked up to see Cole watching me with intense cobalt eyes that appeared slightly darker than usual. I realized then that I was drinking from his mug... placing my lips where his likely had just been.

I cleared my throat and stepped away, wrapping both my hands around the cup. "Have you talked to Heven lately?"

I thought they would've been in contact every day... that she would've told him in detail everything she saw in my mind that day she invaded it, but his question moments before, his concern for her, made me think otherwise.

"Hardly at all since Logan's funeral. I thought she and Sam needed some space. She's been through a lot. And then school started and it never seemed like the right time to bring everything up..." His voice trailed away and he shoved his hands deep into the pockets of his jeans.

He doesn't know, a voice in my head whispered. He doesn't know you love him.

Part of me was actually bereft that he didn't know, but the sensible side of me knew this was a good thing. It was for his own protection that he not know how I really feel.

"It's probably good they have a little space." I agreed.

"What are you doing here, Gemma?" Cole said, dropping the fake conversation.

"I..." I didn't know what to say.

"If you wanted to see me, then tell me." He stepped closer and I couldn't help but notice the way the muscles in his shoulders bunched beneath the blue sweater he wore.

I gripped the mug like it was my lifeline, but couldn't tear my eyes away from his intent stare as he prowled even closer.

"Have you decided to finally admit how you feel?"

"I shouldn't be here," I said, my voice coming out as a whisper.

"Why? Why shouldn't you be here?" he said, reaching out and taking the mug, setting it aside so there was nothing but charged space between us. "I want you here."

I want you here... His words melted something inside me. "I have to do what's best for you," I said, more to remind myself than him.

"You're what's best for me," he said, and I watched as he reached out his large, calloused hands, brushed the thickness of my hair behind my shoulders, and cupped my face. "When are you gonna let me in, Gems?" His breath brushed over me. It smelled like chocolate, and everything inside me from the ribcage down trembled with the proof that his lips actually had been on that mug.

"I can't." I was ashamed that my voice actually cracked.

"Yes, yes, you can," he whispered, lowering his lips toward mine and tilting my chin up until the space between us was practically gone and our breath mingled together in a chocolate explosion.

He was going to kiss me. I wanted him to, desperately, madly, deeply. I closed my eyes and waited for the first taste of his lips, but he stopped mere centimeters from mine. I held back the plea that just about escaped my throat.

"I won't hurt you. I promise."

His words cut through me like the winter wind and jerked me back into reality. I stepped back quickly, stumbling. He reached out to steady me, but I twisted, avoiding his touch. He thought I was so resistant to him because I was afraid of getting hurt. He thought my past with Callum had left me broken and hard. Maybe it had... but whatever parts of me that had been damaged were mended the first time he laid his lips on mine.

This wasn't about me. It was about him.

About what my love would cost him.

"I'm sorry," I said when I looked up and caught the flash of hurt on his face. "I can't do this to you."

"Do what to me?"

"Let you sacrifice yourself."

"How is my loving you a sacrifice?"

"Don't say that!" I gasped.

The words dangled between us like a spider on a thread of web. I wanted to pluck them out of the air and stomp them out, but I couldn't. The mere idea made me want to weep. Words like that... feelings like that should be tucked somewhere safe inside the person the words were meant for... but I couldn't let those feelings in. I had to wear a coat of armor around me to keep them out because that was the only way he would truly be safe.

"Say what?" he challenged. "That I-"

I held up my hand. "Please don't say it. You have no idea what it will cost you."

"Then tell me. Make me understand." He stepped forward and I moved around him, toward the window.

He reached out and grabbed my wrist, whirling me around to face him. "How dare you," he growled. "How dare you walk into my life, make me feel things I never felt before-things I know you feel too-and then just walk away."

"Cole, I-"

His grip on my wrist tightened and he jerked me a little closer, cutting off my excuses. "But you can't completely walk away, can you? So instead, you keep coming back, torturing us both."

I snatched my wrist away. "I'm not trying to torture you," I snapped.

"Tell me." He demanded.

"Tell you what?" I challenged.

"Tell me what the price is to love you. I'll pay it."

I sucked in a breath and just stood there staring at the blue fire raging in his eyes. In that moment I was utterly frozen. His defiance was so brilliant I had no response. How was it that I, a fallen angel, destined to walk the earth alone, came into such a gift?

"I can't ask you to pay that price, Cole. It's too high," I said when I finally was able to speak.

"There is no price too high to pay for you." He reached out and caught a strand of hair that had fallen over my shoulder. He wound the curl around his finger and tugged, effectively pulling me into his space. He released the curl and let his hand trail down my arm and over the back of my hand, seeking my fingers that were already twitching with the need to be enclosed in his.

"Please don't touch me," I said, my voice husky.

"Why? Because when I touch you, you can't think? Because you forget the reasons you claim we can't be together?"

My eyes lifted to his. "I can't forget, Cole."

He sighed and released me, stepping back slightly and dropping his hand. "Fine. At least tell me why you're rejecting me."

"I'm not rejecting you." I argued.

"The reason, Gemma." He insisted.

I took a breath, ready to spill it all, hoping it would shock him into finally letting me go. I would confess to him everything, how loving me would only taint him, how it would jeopardize his status as a Supernal Being. That when he died he could be stripped of his body and possibly cast out of heaven... How his very eternal life could be ruined.

Somewhere in the house, a door slammed. My head snapped up to listen.

"Oh, no," Cole said. "You're not getting out of it that easy. I've been waiting for too long."

I nodded. "We can't be together because..." Footsteps on the stairs had me looking toward his closed bedroom door.

"It's probably just my mom. She's not going to bother us."

"When you die..." I began and Cole shifted closer to me, his eyes intent on my face.

There was a loud knock on his door and I jumped away from him like I was caught trying to steal something that didn't belong to me.

Cole let out a low swear, then yelled, "What?"

"I know you're not talking to me like that!" said a disbelieving voice from the other side.

"Kimber," Cole hissed and shook his head. "I'll be down in a minute," he yelled impatiently.

"Aww, are you changing? You know it isn't anything I haven't seen before."

Something hot burned through my chest and I jerked, turning away toward the window. Suddenly, the cold seemed preferable to being in here. I didn't intend to stick around to hear every last detail of Cole's relationship with his ex. I pushed the window up, but he caught my arm before I could toss myself out.

"I said I'll be down in a minute," he practically growled toward the door. Then he turned back, releasing his hold on me. Before either one of us could say anything, the handle began to turn and the door slowly began to open.

I was out the window so fast he didn't have time to try and stop me. I heard him hiss my name, but by then I was already in the grass and making my way across the yard to disappear into the darkness.

I turned back only once to see his dark head staring out the window while a girl with beautiful red hair came up behind him to grab his arm and slowly lead him away.

* * *

The bar was a dingy, dirty hole in the wall that only locals could possibly know about. It wasn't the type of shiny contemporary place on the main street in Portland that served apple martinis alongside crystal bowls filled with roasted mixed nuts. No, this bar was three blocks from that place and the entrance was located in a narrow alleyway between two brick buildings. There was a dumpster that probably hadn't been emptied since nineteen eighty at the end of the alley along with a vent built into the street where some kind of exhaust filtered through, giving the already filthy place the authentic quality of one of those murder TV shows.

It was the perfect place for a criminal to hide.

Or in this case, a breeder to hide.

Before entering the bar I decided to do a little watching of the comings and goings of the place, so I melted back into the exhaust (which strangely smelled like cabbage) letting the thick fog conceal me from drunk, prying eyes. If I were being completely honest with myself, I wasn't really back here for reconnaissance-I didn't need to hold a stakeout. I already knew what the breeder was guilty of, just as I knew that he would likely be here tonight.

And the mood I was in made it the perfect time to kick his ass.

No, what I was really doing was trying to scorch from my brain the image of Cole and Kimber in the window. I should probably be happy she's there, right now, with him. Hadn't I just finished telling him we couldn't be together? It would be good if maybe they could rekindle their relationship... Who was I kidding? From everything I've seen and heard from Kimber, she wasn't just one crayon short of a full box; she was just the empty box. And considering she was now mixed up with Hecate, Cole would be better off alone.

I don't know what I'd been thinking going over there tonight. I should've just avoided him until I couldn't, which probably would've been in a room full of people at Heven's. At least then, we wouldn't be alone and he wouldn't be able to get the truth out of me. It wasn't that I didn't want to tell him. I was just afraid if I did he would throw everything away and I wouldn't have enough resolve to stop him.

"Tell me what the price is to love you. I'll pay it."

I would hear those words in my sleep. I would hear them in the sunrise and when the stars sparkled in the sky. They would be there always, whispering directly to my heart, following me wherever I would go, and even if I spent eternity alone, those words would forever wrap around my soul and keep me from ever feeling alone. To him, those words had been a plea, but to me... they were everything.

The door to the seedy bar slammed and brought me out of my thoughts. This was no time to moon over a lost love. I had work to do, work that was important and the sole reason I was allowed to live here on Earth instead of being damned to hell. If I did nothing else right in my entire existence, I would at least be able to rid the Earth of scum.

I straightened and walked out of the rolling smoke and toward the entrance to the bar. It was late, just the right hour for predators to be on the loose. I pulled the door open and went inside, shaking my hair around my shoulders and putting a little extra swing to my step. Not too much, just a little.

I sat at the bar-at the single open seat. The bartender, a greasy-looking man in a sweat-stained gray T-shirt, came over with a dirty white rag in his hand. "What can I get you?"

"Vodka, on the rocks." I sat back in my seat and kicked one leg up over the other, stretching out my toe and pointing it toward the floor. Knee-high boots were a necessity for me-a place to hide all my weapons-but men liked them for other reasons.

My drink arrived in front of me and I reached out and pulled the glass closer, not letting on that even touching the glass made my skin crawl. Before I could force myself to take a sip, a man, about three inches shorter than me with a bald head and tattoos on his neck, came over.

"Buy you a drink?" he said.

"I've got one, thanks." He wasn't the guy I was here for.

"That one's gonna be empty soon." He tried again.

I set the glass down on the counter and leaned over into his ear like I was about to tell him the secret to unlock all women. I could hear him swallow at the impression that his offer for more liquor had won my heart. "I'm not interested," I said with just enough bite to snap him out of his love-drunk stupor. "But in spirit of your offer, I'll let you pretend it was you who rejected me. Now get out of here before I introduce you to the dagger in my boot."

He pulled back, sneering, to look me in the eye, and what he saw there must have convinced him I was serious because very loudly he said, "Lady you're sick!" and then shuffled back to his table with his equally disgusting friends.

I suppressed an eye roll and turned back to the bar to grab my drink. After a few minutes of pondering just how dirty the glass really was, I was approached.

This time by the breeder.

I always loved the jobs when the scum came to me.

Suddenly the barstool next to me was available and a man wearing scuffed-up jeans and boots slid in close to me. I glanced at him and gave a half-smile, taking in his tight black T-shirt, long blond hair, and unshaven face. He actually was pretty good-looking-but all Incubi were. It was how they lured in the women.

Incubi were the worst kind of evil because they pretended they weren't evil at all. They preyed on women, lonely women who were easy targets. They flashed their smiles, pretended to care, and then before you knew it, the woman was pregnant with the spawn of a demon. But sometimes there was an Incubus who wasn't into luring in the women first. Maybe they were impatient or maybe it was just because they were mean, but it was those breeders who just took what they wanted, planting their seed and then disappearing, only to reappear in another city to do it all over again. Breeders were one of the devil's favorite types of way to spread wickedness and sin around the earth. All he had to do was turn them loose and watch as demon spawn was born to commit violent and wretched acts against the people of God.

I'd taken down a lot of these breeders, and tonight I was adding to the list.

"What's a girl like you doing in a bar like this?" the blond asked, leaning in just a little so I could hear him over the awful, loud music.

I smiled, showing my teeth. "Looking for a guy like you."

He smiled and reached up to rub his jaw with his hand. "Well, now..."

I took a sip of the vodka, feeling it burn all the way down. I hated alcohol. It was nasty, stupid, and I didn't understand why anyone would want to drink something that would cause them to lose control of themselves or any situation they were in. But it would look weird if the girl I was portraying was sitting in a bar, looking for a certain type of guy, and not interested in even sipping something.

"What do ya say we get out of here?" he said, getting right down to business, and I wanted to laugh with joy.

This time, my smile was genuine, but only because this was going to be a quick job. "Lead the way."

He stood and grabbed the almost full glass of vodka still in my hand and swallowed it in one gulp. On the inside my stomach turned, but I continued to smile on the outside. We endured a few cat calls as we walked through the bar and toward the door and then stepped out in the cold night air. I welcomed it because it was better than the stale, nasty air that had been inside. I giggled like an airhead as he grabbed my hand and pulled me into the alley, going straight into the smoke where I'd been moments before. He pushed me up against the wall and brought himself closer.

"Tell me what the price is to love you. I'll pay it."

The words whispered through my head as the Incubus lowered his head to kiss me. I turned my head, giggling, and in one swift moment yanked out the dagger and shoved it into his chest. Then I thrust him away from me. I couldn't bear to have this scum anywhere near me when Cole was so close to the surface of my mind.

He looked up in shock as I reached over and yanked out the dagger, which made an exaggerated sucking sound. "You should be more selective about the ladies you try to pick up," I snapped and he fell over onto his back. I watched as he took one last gasp. Then his body slowly began to melt away until there was nothing in the alleyway but me and the cabbage-scented exhaust.

That was one good thing about killing these evil creations. Body clean up was always a snap because the devil always made sure his beings wouldn't be found, because then there would be questions. There would be fear, and that was bad for business.

I wiped the dagger off on a napkin stuck in my pocket, then sheathed it back in my boot. I didn't have to look to make sure no one was watching because the alley was empty and I was shrouded in smoke. So I used one of the powers I'd been able to keep when I fell and simply disappeared.

* * *

The forest at night is very still, especially when winter is approaching because all the animals have taken shelter or gone south (like I usually did) for the winter. Because it's so still, every sound that arises resonates through the trees, bouncing off every branch, every rock, and every fallen limb. Usually, I'm able to identify the sounds immediately because nature is something that I'm very in tune with, something I've always understood. I feel the most at home amongst nature, outside where the air is clear and there are no walls to confine me.

I missed flying and I missed my wings more than anything from before I fell. There's no other feeling like it in the world-when your pair of wonderfully white, sturdy wings lifts you off the ground as though you are a mere grain of sand and propels you up away from everyone and everything to soar through an endless vast space. The air is so thin that you can scarcely feel it against your skin and pulling through your hair... It's almost as if you are the only thing that exists for one long, delicious moment.

It was the reason I liked to sleep in trees. To feel connected to the air, to be lifted off the ground once more. Well, that and it made sense for protection. If someone was going to attack me, they'd first have to spot me high up amongst a tree's bountiful foliage, but also manage to not make a sound as they came up after me.

Tonight, I found myself wandering through the forest I like most in this part of Maine. It was on the outskirts of Gran's farm, just on the other side of the lake that bordered the property. I reached into my coat and pulled out my knit hat, a brilliant shade of blue, and pulled it down over my head, making sure my ears were covered. I didn't have many material possessions. I didn't want them. They weighed me down, made me feel heavy. But when I saw this hat in a storefront window, it practically sang my name. Plus, it was practical for keeping warm.

Never mind that the fabric's shade of blue matched the color of Cole's eyes almost exactly.

A sound erupted close by. I was unable to identify it immediately, and that set my teeth on edge. It was a low sound, almost a humming, and it was very persistent. I spun in a circle, peering through the night, when I felt something vibrating inside my coat.

My phone!

I unzipped the coat far enough to reach in and pull the phone out of the inside breast pocket and glanced down at the glowing screen. It was Cole. I should've known it was him. He was one of the very few that had this number. I disliked even having a phone, but I felt it was necessary, given all the stuff that was going on lately. I stared at his name on the screen as the phone continued to buzz in my hand. It was late, nearly two in the morning, and I wondered what he was doing awake. I hoped the fact that he was calling meant that Kimber had gone home, but since it was so late, I wondered if perhaps she'd just left him and this was his first opportunity to call.

The phone stopped vibrating in my hand and his name disappeared. The words "missed call" flashed across the screen before it went dark. I thought about calling him back, but I knew I couldn't. Part of me hoped he would leave a voicemail just so I could hear his voice. But he didn't, and I dropped the phone back into my pocket and continued walking.

The stillness of the forest suddenly was disrupted; I could hear the snapping of branches and the splash of water nearby. A bird called out before lifting up into the sky and flying away. I made my way closer to the sounds, wondering what could be disturbing the night this way.

Seconds later, I saw a dark shape dart from behind a tree and disappear behind another. It was a large shape, and momentarily I was brought back to the past when I'd been out in the forest and had been taken by surprise by an animal of similar shape. Without thinking, I darted through the trees, heading right for its location; only, the spot was now empty. I turned, searching the dark, and saw it disappearing just behind another tree about twenty yards away. This time, instead of running, I disappeared from where I stood to reappear right behind the animal.

It caught my movement, whipped around with a ferocious growl, and launched itself at me. I did the same and the two of us slammed together in mid-air, then twisted to fall toward the ground. I was able to land on top, but the beast bucked and snarled, taking a swipe at me with its massive paw. I was about to pull out my dagger when I caught a flash of gold and gasped.

"Sam!"

The hellhound stopped fighting and blinked up at me, almost as if a cloud was being lifted from his eyes. He blinked. I jumped to my feet, thoughts of needing my dagger gone, and stepped back to give him some space.

The air around us seemed to change slightly as he shifted from beast to man. I averted my gaze, not wanting to catch an eyeful of parts I'd rather not see.

"Gemma?" Sam said, his voice sounding like he hadn't used it in a while.

"It's the middle of the night, Sam. What are you doing out here? Is something wrong? Was the farm attacked?" I was instantly alert, looking for something or someone he could be chasing away from the ones he loved.

"No, the farm is safe," he replied.

My eyes sought him out, forgetting that I wasn't supposed to be looking at him, because of what I heard in his voice. He seemed a little confused and slightly embarrassed.

I wondered if the embarrassment was because he was naked.

He cleared his throat but made no move to cover himself so I guessed maybe it wasn't that. "Sam, what's going on?" I kept my eyes on his face, watching for some kind of play of emotion in his features.

He sighed. "I've been shifting lately... unexpectedly."

"At night?"

"Mostly." He hedged and I knew it had happened in daylight too, but I didn't press.

"Can't you shift back?"

He nodded. "I can... but then I'm really edgy and I feel... caged." He looked down at the ground and I looked at a tree above his head. "So when it happens, I go with it... I run until I feel like I can take being in my skin again."

Something in his voice squeezed my heart. It was the sound of loss. Of heartache. I recognized the sound even after all these years. "Heven doesn't know, does she?" I asked quietly.

He shoved a hand through his hair. "No. I don't want her to worry. She's been through enough. This isn't anything anyway, just me dealing..." His voice trailed away.

"Dealing with Logan?" I asked softly.

He nodded, his eyes dropping to the ground again.

"Maybe talking about it with Heven would help." I suggested.

He made a soft sound like a snort. "We do talk about it. Every day. We visit Logan every day. Talking about it doesn't seem to help."

"I meant, talk about the shifting." It sounded to me like all this talk about Logan was like a black cloud hanging over them both. Remembering the dead is a good thing, but not when it holds back the living from actually living.

"Yeah, maybe you're right." He agreed, but he didn't sound convinced.

"I've been to heaven, you know," I told him gently. Allowing the bright memory of my former home to wash over me. I felt my lips curve into a smile.

"Before you fell?" Sam said, his voice losing the confusion and gaining some interest.

"Yes, before I fell. Heaven was my home. I was created there."

"Does that mean you don't have parents?"

"God is my Father."

"And your mother?"

"You don't need a mother when you're created directly by God."

He was silent a moment. "How old are you anyway?"

I laughed. "Don't you know it's impolite to ask a lady her age?"

He grinned. "You're a lot of things, but you are no lady."

"Says the man standing here naked." I grinned.

His eyes widened like he just realized he might be feeling a draft. To his credit, he didn't jump to hide himself.

"Well, this is awkward," he said.

I laughed again. "Relax, I'm not looking. Besides, in heaven a lot of the angels wore no clothes."

"Really?" he asked. I nodded. "Well, I ain't no angel."

"And I'm not telling you my age."

He snorted. "You're probably so old you lost count."

He was right, but I wasn't about to admit it.

"You know, I brought up heaven for a reason," I said, changing the subject. He didn't say anything so I continued. "I've been there, Sam. Your brother is at peace. He's happy. I promise you that."

He stared off to the side with a slight tick in his jaw as the breath in his chest hitched.

"I couldn't even describe it to you if I tried. It's bright, it's warm, and everyone is blissfully happy. There isn't a single shred of discontentment. He's probably looking down on you right now, wanting nothing but for you to move on."

"I won't forget him," he said, his voice hard.

"I don't think you should forget him. You couldn't if you tried. But I think you should move on. Let him live on through you and let him see that you're happy."

He nodded but said nothing more. I decided that I'd said enough and hoped he'd actually heard some of it.

"I should probably get back," he finally said. "I don't like leaving them alone like this. Especially at night."

I nodded. The responsibility that he carried on his shoulders was amazing to me. "You know Heven can take care of herself." I pointed out.

He smiled. "I know, but I want to be there."

I lifted my hand in a wave, but before he turned away, he frowned. "What are you doing out here in the middle of the night?"

"I spend a lot of my nights here."

I could almost see the dots connecting in his brain when he looked up. "You don't have anywhere to live," he said, flat.

"I choose not to live anywhere, but everywhere."

He rolled his eyes. "You sound like Airis,"

"Hey..." I growled partly offended.

"Do you need money, Gemma?" he asked pointblank, a quality in him I actually admired. "I didn't even think to ask you how you lived. I can help you."

I held up my hand, stopping his words. There was a lump forming in my throat and the backs of my eyes felt damp. Here was a man who worked two jobs, went to school, took care of everyone around him, and was grieving so deeply that it brought him into the woods in the middle of the night. You would think that a man like this would have nothing left to give... yet he was offering more. I suddenly knew why I couldn't leave here. It wasn't just Cole that tied me here, but all of them. Without my realizing, they'd become my family.

"Money isn't an issue," I told him. "Being older than dirt has its benefits."

His shoulders relaxed. "Then why don't you have a place to live?"

"I've never been in one place this long."

He nodded like he understood. "My place is sitting there empty. I'm still paying rent because of the lease. It isn't much, but it's warmer than the woods."

"You're offering your home to me?"

He shrugged. "My home is with Heven."

I nodded slowly. He was right. It was better than the woods. "Okay, thanks. I'll take over the rent."

He shook his head adamantly. "No. My lease. My rent. You've done more than enough for us. This is my way of thanking you."

I dipped my head. Rejecting his offer would be insulting. "Thank you."

"There's a key taped to the roof of the building. Something tells me it won't be a problem for you to get it."

I laughed. "I think I can manage."

"Thanks, Gemma. What you said before, about heaven... It helps."

I nodded.

"And, um, I'm sorry about the view." He grinned and then he was shifting, shedding his skin for a coat of black fur, and shooting off into the trees, the darkness all but eating him up.

I stood there for a while, just listening to nothing and replaying our conversation in my mind. Something in my pocket vibrated. I pulled out my phone for the second time and looked at the screen. New voicemail.

It was from Cole, from earlier, but it was just now coming through. I hit the buttons and brought the phone to my ear. The sound of his voice made my heart beat a little faster.

"We need to talk, Gems. Call me." It was all he said before cutting the connection.

My finger hovered over the delete button, knowing I should just erase the message and pretend I never got it.

I couldn't do that.

I couldn't call him back, either. Talking wouldn't change things. Talking only made things harder.

I shoved the phone back into my pocket, all the while telling myself it was for the best.

* * *

Sam's place was pretty nice for a guy. It was small and dated, but it was clean, and I wondered if that had more to do with Heven than Sam. The bed was made, the floors were clean, and the fridge was empty except for a few bottles of water. I stood in the center of the silent, darkened room and decided that maybe staying here wouldn't be so bad. At least it was warm and private. I dropped the small bag I'd retrieved from the tree I liked to sleep in onto the sofa and unzipped it. I rifled through the contents of everything I owned and pulled out a long, navy, scoop-neck T-shirt and clean panties. Then I took a long, hot shower, appreciating the fact that this bathroom had good soap and shampoo (likely courtesy of Heven too) and it wasn't a public place (like a gym) so no one else would be entering the room.

When I finished showering, I dressed in the T-shirt and quickly braided my damp hair in a single braid that hung down my back. I glanced over at the bed, knowing a few hours of sleep would be a good idea, but found myself wandering over to the chair where I'd hung my coat. I reached into the inside pocket and pulled out my phone, hitting a button and lighting up the screen. There were no missed calls.

I carried the phone over to the bed, pulling down the blankets and slipping in. I lay on my side, pulling my knees slightly up toward my chest and pillowing my head on one of my arms. A few taps on the screen of the phone and I had Cole's voicemail pulled up. I sat there for a few minutes just staring at his name before playing the message I'd already heard.

His voice filled the tiny apartment. It was slightly tense and slightly angry, but I enjoyed hearing it all the same. It was over in seconds and I laid the phone next to me and watched it until the screen went dark and his name was out of sight. I closed my eyes and sighed. That old saying "out of sight, out of mind" wasn't true because Cole was still very much on my mind.

I didn't sleep long, waking in the room with only a hint of light from the window by the front door. I didn't require much sleep and knew there was no use staying in bed, so I got up and stretched. When I bent down toward my toes, I almost expected my wings to fold around me and the softness of the feathers to tickle my skin. It caught me off guard, and a feeling of longing swept over me, but I quickly brushed it away. Even after all this time, I would occasionally forget-just for a second-that I had fallen and my beautiful wings were gone.

I blamed Cole. Seeing him last night had stirred up my feelings, brought what I tried to bury deepest closer to the surface. He affected me like no one ever before.

And I blamed Sam. All that talk about heaven and its beauty and peace, it made me remember where I came from.

I smiled. Blaming men made me feel a little better. My stomach rumbled and I figured since I was going to be staying here, I might as well get some groceries and supplies. It'd been a long time since I stayed anywhere that I could cook.

I stepped into a pair of jeans, tucked in the front part of my shirt, pulled on my boots, and zipped my coat around myself. Before leaving, I grabbed my phone and some cash out of my bag and closed the apartment door behind me. Instead of flashing myself to the nearest store, I decided to walk, enjoying the crisp morning air. A few blocks later, I came to a coffee house that I knew Heven often went to so I decided to grab a cup of coffee and a bagel before heading to the grocery store. I was about half a block away when the door to the place swung open, the strong aroma of coffee drifting out into the street, and I took a deep breath. It smelled so good.

But my enjoyment was short-lived because right after the scent came two people. Cole. And Kimber. I froze, not wanting them to see me but unable to move. Cole held the door until Kimber was completely out of the cafe. She had both her hands wrapped around a paper cup with a black lid. He let go of the door as she lifted the cup to her lips, taking a small sip. I heard her make a sound of appreciation and Cole's lips pulled back into a smile. He said something to her, but I didn't hear what it was, and she smiled. He was wearing dark jeans, a pair of brown boots, and a jacket with a number on it, a number I assumed was his for football.

The pair walked across the street where Cole's truck was parked at the curb. He opened the driver's side and Kimber climbed in, sliding all the way over, and then he jumped in and slammed the door behind him. I watched as he pulled away from the curb and drove off down the street. Someone bumped into me, but I barely heard their apology as I started moving again.

He seemed happy. His happiness should make me happy.

It didn't.

* * *

I didn't expect to hear the knock on the front door so when it sounded, I stood there for long moments, wondering what to do.

Answer the door, dummy, the voice in my head intoned.

I set down the knife I was using to chop vegetables and made the few steps to the door. The only person it could be was Sam, probably stopping by to see how I was liking his place. I swung the door open, smiling, and said, "You don't have to knock, you know..." But my words dropped away when I saw it wasn't Sam.

"Good, next time I'll just let myself in," Cole said, smiling.

"I thought you were Sam," I said, gripping the handle a little tighter than I had to.

He nodded. "Does that mean I can't come in?"

His hair was slightly damp and it was messier than usual, sticking up like he'd been running his hands through it. He was wearing the same jeans and coat from this morning, and he was clutching a set of keys in his hand. He didn't wait for me to answer but slid past me and stepped in the apartment so there was nothing left for me to do but close the door behind us.

When I turned around he was stripping off his jacket to reveal a snug-fitting long-sleeved red T-shirt. I tried not to stare at the muscles in his back as he tossed the coat on the back of the couch.

"Are you cooking?" he said, looking into the tiny kitchen.

"How did you know I was here?" I asked.

"Sam told me at school today."

Of course he did.

"I figured since you didn't call me back I'd stop by," he replied, going over to the kitchen to lift the lid of the pot on the stove. "I'm starving."

I walked into the space and shooed him away from the pot to use my spoon to stir the pasta sauce. Then I grabbed a plate off the counter and heaped some spaghetti noodles on it, adding a healthy ladle of tomato sauce over top. Then I handed the plate and a fork to Cole.

"I wouldn't want you to starve to death." I couldn't help but tease.

He shoved a huge forkful in his mouth while standing there and made a bunch of noises around the food as he chewed.

"Go sit," I said, laughing and pointing at the chair and table only steps away. He listened, and I went back to chopping up some vegetables for a salad. I liked having something to do instead of just sitting at the table where all I would do was stare.

I was surprised when he didn't say anything, instead choosing to shove another bite in his mouth. I tossed a bunch of the veggies into a bowl of lettuce and delivered that to him as well. He made a sound of appreciation when I sat it down.

"Thanks. I had practice after school and it always makes me hungry."

"Why didn't you go home to eat?" I asked.

He set his fork down and looked at me. "I wanted to see you."

I went back to make a salad for myself. "I saw you with Kimber this morning." As soon as the words came out of my mouth I wanted to snatch them back. I had no idea where they came from.

His fork made a clattering sound against his plate and I heard the legs of his chair scrape the floor. I kept my back turned, not wanting to see the look on his face. Seconds later, I felt his hands on my shoulders. I stiffened but didn't pull away as he turned me around to face him.

He bent slightly to stare right into my eyes. "There's nothing between Kimber and me."

"There used to be."

"There used to be something between you and Callum." He countered without heat.

My stomach dropped about two inches at the mention of the man for which I gave up heaven. "Callum is dead," I said tightly.

"And if he wasn't?"

I pulled away and put some distance between us. I wasn't about to tell Cole that even if Callum were alive I would still be drawn to him. I wasn't about to admit that my heart never beat for Callum the way it does for him right now.

"So he was it for you, huh?" Cole said, mistaking my silence for something it wasn't. "He's always going to be between us."

"Callum isn't between us," I said, hating the idea that he would think my heart could belong to anyone but him. "You..." I glanced at him and he arched an eyebrow, almost daring me to finish my sentence. "You're the only one I see."

Something in his eyes flared and he stepped toward me, but I stepped back and shook my head.

He sighed. "I've just been spending some extra time with Kimber. Being trapped down there... in hell..." He glanced up. "She needs me right now."

I nodded, not trusting my voice enough to say anything else about Kimber.

"I didn't come here to talk about Kimber. Or Callum," he said. "Our conversation last night was interrupted and I want to finish it."

"What's the point?" I said, going back over to chop more carrots. "It won't change anything." The knife made a loud banging sound every time it hit the cutting board.

He came up behind me and took it out of my hand, tossing it in the sink. "Then it won't matter what you tell me, will it?"

"Being with me will taint you!" I burst out. If he wanted the truth so bad, I would let him have it. Being this close to him was painful so I decided to tell him what he wanted so he would go.

"Taint me?" he asked in a way that made it seem silly.

I sighed. "You're a Supernal Being, Cole. That means that when you die, you'll get to keep your body. You might even be assigned a job, by God."

"And?"

"And being with me-a fallen angel-will taint you. It could get you stripped of your body, possibly even cast from heaven. Your entire eternal life is at risk."

"They would kick me out of heaven for loving you?" he asked incredulously.

"It's possible."

"So you don't know?"

"I got kicked out of heaven for loving the wrong person," I snapped. He made it sound like I didn't know anything.

"But you weren't supposed to love anyone other than God. You weren't considered a human."

I moved past him out of the kitchen and toward the couch. This room seemed awfully small all of a sudden.

"I might be a Supernal Being, but I'm also a human. Aren't humans allowed to love?"

"Not me!" I cried. "You aren't supposed to love me!"

"Well, that's too damn bad." He took a few steps so he was standing right in front of me. I refused to look at his face. Instead, I stared into the solid wall of his chest. "Because I already do."

A sound, could've been a sob, broke from my chest, and I think I might have swayed a little on my feet. He reached around me and pulled my braid over my shoulder, sliding off the band at the end and tossing it away. Slowly, he worked his fingers through the hair until it twisted free and fell in heavy waves around my shoulders. I could hear nothing in the room but the sound of my own heart pounding erratically in my chest. It filled my ears and drowned out every other sound.

Then he buried both hands deeply into the waves, almost as if he were trying to tangle his fingers in the mass so I couldn't get away, and then he tilted my head up so I had no choice but to look at him.

His voice was soft, like he was confiding a secret that no one else knew, when he said, "You cannot stop me from loving you, Gemma. I already do. I love you so much that sometimes I can barely see."

My eyes closed, shutting off the way his searched mine, because if I looked at him one moment longer, I wasn't sure what I would say. His lips captured mine and I surrendered beneath them. He was warm and insistent. The way his lips moved over mine built some kind of delicious pressure somewhere inside me, and it drove me closer. I wanted closer.

He made a sound in the back of his throat as he untangled his hands from my hair and wrapped them around my waist, lifting me up so my legs could wind themselves around his middle and my hands could bury themselves in the softness of his hair.

The passion that erupted between us was unlike anything I'd ever known, and I would never be the same again. When I could think again, I would realize that I would never again miss my wings, I would never again miss heaven, because this kiss, his hands, his skin, and his body were the only things I would ever want again.

I didn't even know we were moving until he sat down on the couch, with me firmly in his lap and my legs still locked around his waist. He never, not once, stopped kissing me, and the way his tongue tangled with mine made something inside me sing with delight.

Finally, he pulled back but kept his forehead against mine and he smiled, then came back to kiss me again. After a few moments he pulled my head back and looked at me. "You've got to be the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

"I've seen better," I told him, staring back.

He grinned and pressed another swift kiss to my lips. "I will never get tired of kissing you."

Something inside me went cold. He felt the change in me and in the air around us because his eyes narrowed.

"Did you hear nothing I just said to you?" I asked.

"I heard everything. It's nothing." The muscle in his jaw clenched.

"Your eternity is not nothing."

"You don't even know if I'll be punished."

"Would you take that chance if our roles were reversed?" I asked.

He growled. I knew he wouldn't.

"Then you can't ask me to do that to you."

"I'm not asking you." His fingers on either side of my head tightened.

I reached up and covered his hands with mine. "Do you have any idea what it would do to me if we spent a few years together here on Earth and then you died and were stripped of everything?"

"A lifetime," he said.

"A lifetime?"

"Not just a few years, Gemma. I'm going to be with you for a lifetime."

I wanted to weep. To curl up in a ball and let sorrow overtake me. "You don't understand," I said, lowering our hands until they were clasped between us. "A lifetime seems like a long time to you, but it isn't. It's the blink of an eye. Eternity... that's a long time. You have no idea how long it really is."

"I don't care."

"I know," I whispered, untangling one of my hands and running it through his dark hair. I committed the feel, the texture, and the sensation of being with him like this so I could carry the memory after he was gone.

"Tell me," he rasped, looking up into my eyes. When I said nothing, he shook me. "Tell me,"

I wanted to. The words were right there and I was sure he could feel them between us. I shook my head.

He caught my chin in his hand. "Not saying it doesn't make it untrue."

He was right. I, more than anyone, knew the power of God, and I knew he could see right into my heart and know the truth with absolute clarity.

"I love you," I whispered. The words actually hurt to say, but I figured giving him this was the least I could do because I still couldn't give him what he really wanted.

He pulled me to him once more, but this time his kiss was less ferocious and demanding, more tender and soft. It was if he thought I was a piece of glass that might shatter beneath his touch so he handled me with the utmost care.

Tears pricked the backs of my eyes and I tried to keep them away so he wouldn't see. He pulled back, cupping the side of my jaw with his hand. "Why the tears?" he rasped.

"I won't do it to you, Cole. I can't."

He frowned. "But it's already done. You can't take back those words. I won't let you."

"I'm not going to take them back. I meant them." I smiled briefly, touching the side of his face. "But I still won't be with you."

His entire body stiffened. "You won't be with me."

"Maybe by resisting me, by resisting us, your eternity will be saved."

"I don't give a damn about my eternity!" he shouted.

"Someday you will."

He gripped my arms and moved like he was going to stand, like he was going to shove me away, but then he stopped. The next thing I knew I was being pulled closer, his hand was pushing my cheek into his chest, and his arms were locking around me.

I didn't try to get away. I relaxed into him and let him hold me, knowing it would be the last time. We didn't bother talking. It would've only been an argument. We sat there in silence and I listened to the steady rhythm of his heart as he pulled his fingers through my hair.

We probably sat there for an hour or more. The sun had long gone down and the room had turned dark. Finally, his voice cut through the quiet. "You expect me to walk away from you."

"Yes."

"I won't."

"Then I'll leave."

Something rumbled through his chest against my cheek. "You would do that to my sister? To Sam?"

"I don't want to. I saw Sam last night. I think they need us."

"Yeah. Yeah, me too," he said, pulling his fingers through my hair once more. I didn't mean to, but I snuggled closer.

He sighed a heavy sigh. "Stay. Help my sister find her mom, set the trapped souls free, and keep an eye on Riley."

"And?"

"And I won't push you. I won't show up here and force you to tell me how you feel. I won't kiss you every time I see you." He paused. "Even though I'll want to."

It was exactly what must happen, but it was awful. I nodded against him.

We lapsed into silence once more, neither of us moving, neither of us speaking. His phone rang, but he ignored it. Then it beeped and he ignored that too. My heart felt heavy because I knew our time tonight was over. I knew that once he stepped out that door, the feelings between us would no longer matter.

The third time his phone was ignored I began to lift myself up and away from him. His hand tightened on my hip for the briefest of moments and then he released me. We both climbed to our feet and he went silently to get his coat and pull it on. He didn't glance at his phone, but I knew all those calls had been from Kimber. I knew when he left me he would likely be going to her.

I could say nothing about it. My hands were tied, but my heart was his.

He looked at me for long moments before plunging his hands deep in his pockets and turning toward the door. I followed him as far as the back of the couch, where I stopped and didn't move. If I went any closer I might change my mind. I might ask him to stay.

He pulled the door open and cold air swirled into the room, completely breaking whatever spell was left from our time.

Or so I thought.

Because then he turned, leaving the door open, leaving the cold to creep inside, and he came to me. I thought he might touch me, but he didn't, tucking his hands at his sides instead. I tipped my chin back so I could look into his eyes, which were serious and sober.

"I said I would stay away from you. I said I wouldn't push. I meant it."

I didn't say anything.

"But this isn't the end, Gems. It's not. I don't know how and I don't know when, but I'm going to prove to you that our being together isn't wrong."

"Cole-" I began, but he shook his head.

"You'll see. And when that happens I'm not ever letting you go again."

He left then, walking from the room and closing the door behind him. I knew in my heart that there was nothing he could do to prove me wrong.

But that didn't stop me from hoping he would do it anyway.

